1636
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 15,
on the amendment I do not wish to conform to
the demand of other people in regard to Mies.
If an American captain is the highest ofhcer of
his country's service, he receives all^ the consid-
eration to which he is entitled. This is merely
apm^ foreign manners and foreign titles, which
is very strongly developed in the naval service,
jrybd seems to be a matter of considerable anxiety
'*$> the Naval Committee.
The yeas and nays were ordered; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 10, nays 33; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Adams, Bright, Crittenden, Fitzpatrick,
Hale, Houston, Hunter, Iverson, Mason, and Toombs—10.
NAYB — Messrs. Alien, Bayard, Bell of T<>nne??ep, Ben-
jamin, Big^s, Bisler, Brodhead, Biown, Butler, Clay, Clay-
ton, Collauier, Dodge, Douglas, Evans, Fessenden, Fish,
Foot, Foster, Geyer, James, Mallory, Peaiee, Pratt, Pugh,
Reid, Sebastian, Slidell, Stuart, Thompson of Kentucky,
Trumbull, Wcller3 and Yulee—33.
So the motion to strike out was not agreed to.
Mr. IVERSON. I have some further amend-
ments to offer. I move to amend the first section
of the bill of the committee. It now reads, that
" the Secretary of the Navy shall cause the phys-
ical, mental, professional, and moral fitness of
such officer for the naval service to be investi-
gated by a court of inquiry." I move to amend
by inserting in this clause, after the words u naval
service," 44 at the time he was retired, furloughed,
or dropped." I desire to confine the investigation
to his fitness at the time -when he was retired,
furloughed, or dropped, bccause the great ques-
tion is, whether the naval board passed a proper
judgment on these gentlemen. We want to de-
termine whether the naval board has acted prop-
erly or improperly, justly or unjustly, in retiring,
dropping, and furloughing these men.
The amendment was rejected.
Mr. BAYAItD. 1 desire to offer two amend-
ments to the first section of this bill. One of
them is the same in effect (only it goes further,
and 1 think is more precise) with that offered by
the honorable Senator from Kentucky, which has •
been adopted by the Senate. His amendment is '
confined too much to the case of dropped officers. |
My object is to specify distinctly what shall be j
the finding of the different courts of inquiry, which j
arc to be provided in reference to each officer, j
whether retired or dropped, if he pleases to com- i
plain of the conduct of the naval board. As the I
committee admitted the principle of that amend- j
ment, I do not think they can object, to that which
I now offer. j
There is also another amendment connected ||
with the first rection, by which 1 wish to get rid j|
of a question which 1 think is involved in the b
language of the bill, when: the words " physical, j
mental, professional, and moral fitness of such n
officer for the Naval service" are used. I pro-|j
pose to strike them out, and to insert in lieu of '|
them, c< the capacity and fitness of such officer for ;'
tin- performance of hisdutie.s." That I will offer
afterwatds, however. The first amendment which ; j
I now present, is to strike out the last clause of i;
the first section, and insert: , j
And the said couit s-hall, in" their finding, repoit ' |
whether the ^aid officer, if hr hu*> bi'on chopped trom the jl
rolls of the Naw, ousht to«be ie-tored, and it' restoiul, '
whether to the acuvc h<t,or the reived hst; and if to the j
hitter, whuthet on luave-oJ'-ab-cnce or luilough pay. And !
m ca*e 'lie officer making the wiitten request a-  aforesaid, !
shall have boon placed on the i (.served h.-t, then the court, j
in then finding, shall lepoit whether the said officer ought i
to be ic-uored to rhe active h-^t; or, if not restored, whether !
he ought to icmain on the ictncd list on leave-of-abs-enee or I
t furlough pay. And the finding ot the court shall in all eases j
he ^ulwmted to the President of the United States, and n'ap- j
proved h> him iri the ease nf a di oppod officer vvbcie rcstoia- |
tion has been recommended, such officer may bo nominated [
by the President to the Senate lor iestoiation to the service, i
accoidmg to the liiidmg of the com I, u> approved by him; I
and m the ease of a rented officci, the finding of the court,
when app oved by the Pie^ident, shall be conclusive, and
such oliieer shall ue rc^toied to the active h^t, to occupy that
position and rank in the Navy which he would have occu-
pied had he not been letired under the action of the late
naval boatd; or he ohall lemain upon the retired list on
leave of absence ot fui lough pay, according to the finding
of the court, a& approved by the President.
The difference is, that one is more general and
the other more specific. The amendment of the
honorable Senator from Kentucky does not touch
the errors which may have been committed in
the classification of the retired officers on fur-
lough or leave-of-absence pay; and there are as
many errors, in my judgment, or, at least, as
great likelihood of error, in those cases, as in any
other portion of the findings of the former board..
If you are to revise the system in any respect,
and if you mean to revise it by tribunals of this
kind, in cases where cpmplaint is made, I can
see-no reason why you' should not go to the full
extent of allowing revision where any officer
acted on by the former law complains of that
action. 'The remedy ought to be open to all,
and not confined simply to the dropped officers,
or the mere question of restoration to the active
list; it ought to extend to the entire effect of the
action of the board under the law.
There is a further distinction between my
amendment and that of the Senator from Ken-
tucky. His amendment, as adopted, takes only
the case of dropped officers, and requires a re-
nomination to the Senate; but in my proposition
each class is provided for separately. The officers
restored according to the principles of the bill,
when the President approves the finding of the
court, are restored to the active service in then-
proper rank, where they would have been if the
law had not been passed.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The amend-
ment of the Senator from Delaware is not in
order. He moves to strike out an amendment
which has been already adopted—the amendment
offered by the Senator from Kentucky. When
the bill shall be reported to the Senate, it will
be in order to make the motion to amend that
amendment as he has proposed.
Mr. BAYARD. I inquired of several Senators
whether it was in order, and they told me that,
after the vote on his amendment was taken, I
could move to strike it out and insert mine.
Mr. WELLER and Mr. BUTLER. You can
make the motion in the Senate.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Senator
can offer his amendment when the bill shall have
been reported to the Senate by the Committee of
the Whole.
Mr. IYERSON. I have an amendment to
offer. It is one of the sections m the bill of my
colleague, which I propose to attach to the bill of
the committee. It is in these words:
.Inl be it further enacted y That the President shall have j
power at all tunes to call togethei a court of inquiry, for •
the puipose of mqutung into the capacity to pertorm their I
duties of any otiicer of the Navy whom he may deem in- I
capable a-3 horem described; and, in all such cat.es, the j
said comt and the President shall have all the powers con- j
leued by this act. !
Mr. MALLOIIY. I hope that amendment will
not be insisted upon. It is entirely unnecessary.
The Piesident can exorcise this power any day
he pleases. He has full power to do it now. On
the mere suggestion of any officer of the Navy,
for reasons satisfactory to him, the President can
order a court of inquiry.
Mr. IVERSON. Inquiry into the capacity of j
an officer?
Mr. MALLORY. Most undoubtedly, to in-
quire into the capacity of an officer, he can ap-
point a judge advocate, and have a regular court
of inquiry, tie has full power.
Mr. MASON. Then the President had the
poweis, or nearly all the powers, conferred on
him by the bill of the last session;and yetitwas
considered necessary to legislate to induce him to
exercise them. I think this is a very proper pro-
vision, that hereafter the President may call a
court for the purpose of putting additional officers
on the retired list.
Mr. IVERSON. The Senate are about to pass
a bill which provides for putting two hundred
and one officers on the trial of their capacity,
their fitness, "both morally and officially, to per-
form their duties. Nowfl can see no reason
why we should not institute a mode of trying the
other five hundred officers who have not been de-
capitated by the naval board. Why make a dis-
tinction ? tJpon the application of these two hun-
dred and one officers you propose tu give them a
trial, and yet there is no provision, as I under-
stand, by which the other officers can be brought
up and tried for their capacity. My understand-
ing as to the power of the President is that he has
a right to order a court of inquiry to try a man
for crime or offenses against the regulations of the
Navy or the laws, but not merely to inquire into
his mental or official capacity, and act upon
that, and put him on the reserved list. He can
drop Kim from the service—he can dismiss any
by this clause give him the right, whenever he
thinks the public service requires it, to put an
officer before a court of inquiry; and if the court
determine that he is unfit for duty, let the Presi-
dent have power to put him on the retired list, on
leave-of-absence or furlough pay, or drop him
from the service, as he may think proper. I offer
the amendment as a new section. It is taken
from the substitute of my colleague. 1 ask for
the yeas and nays upon it.
The yeas ana nays were ordered; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 16, nays SO; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Adams, Bavard, Bright, Clay, Coliamer,
Crittenden, Douglas, Hale, Houston, Iverson, Mason, Pratt,
Push, Toombs. Trumbull, and Weller—16. •
NAYS—Messrs. Allen, Benjamin, Biggs, Bigler, Brod-
head, Brown, Butler,Dodge, Evans, Fessenden, Fish, Fitz-
patrick, Foot, Foster, James, Mallory, Reid, Slidell, Stuart,
and Yulee—20.
So the amendment was rejected.
Mr. BAYARD. -1 submitted two amendments,
but one was not noticed. The President, under
the rules, decided one to be out of order, but
the other certainly is not out of order. I now
offer it. My amendment is, to strike out of the
first section the words," physical, mental, profes-
sional, and moral fitness of such officer for the
naval service," and insert "the capacity and
fitness of such officer for the performance of his
duties."
My object in offering this amendment is, to
place before the court of inquiry which may
be ordered upon an application in any case, the
true question for them to determine, and that is,
the capacity and fitness of an officer for the per-
formance of his duty. That is a distinct propo-
sition which they can determine 'on the evidence
before them. As the provision now stands, it
involves the objection that (though it may be true
there are cases in which the moral character of
an officer, or the want of moral character may
incapacitate him for the discharge of his duties)
as a general rule the private morals of an officer
have nothing to do with the question of his capa-
city to perform his duties. I move the substitution
of these words. I ask for the yeas and nays on
this proposition.
The yeas and nays were ordered; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 18, nays 24; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Adams, Bayard, Butler, Crittenden,
Douglas, Foot, Hale, -Houston, Hunter, Iverson, Jones of
Tennessee, Mason, Pcarce, Pratt, Pugh, Thompson of Ken-
tucky, Toombs, and Weller—18.
NAYS—Messrs. Allen, Bell of Tennessee, Benjamin,
Biggs, Bigler, Bright, Brodhead, Biown, Clay, Clayton,
Cotlamer, Dodge, Evans, Fes«enden, Fish, Fitzpatrick,
Foster, Geycr, Mallory, Iteid, Sebastian, Slidell, Stuart,
and Tiumbull—24.
So the amendment was rejected.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. If there be
no further amendment, the question will be on
the substitute of the Senator from Georgia [Mr.
Toombs] for the bill of the committee.
Mr. Toombs's proposition is to strike out the
whole bill after the enacting clause, and insert
the following:
That so much, and such parts, of said act as provides
that " vacancies created in the active list by placing officers
on the retired list shall be filled by regular promotion in the
order of rank and seniority," and all other parts of said
act which may authonze promotions in the Navy, bp, and
the same are hereby, repealed.
Sec. And be it jurther enacted, That, as soon as pos-
sible after the passage of tins act, the President of the
United States s-hall cause a naval court of inquiry to
assemble, which shall make a careful inquiry into the effi-
ciency (mental, physical, and professional) of all the naval
officers disrated or dropped by the "finding" of the late
naval board, assembled by virtue of the said act of the
28th Febiuary, 1855, and who may demand a hearing be-
fore said court within sixty days after the passage of this
act, and of all other officers of the Navy whose names may
be submitted to said court by the President of the (Jmted
States, which said court shall hear and determine upoa
the capacity, mental, phj'sical, and professional, of all of
said officeis to pertorm piomptly and efficiently all their
duties, both ashore and afloat.
Sec. 3. Jlnd he it further enacted, That m all cases where
the court may find an officer incapable, as aforesaid, of per-
forming his duties, they shall lccommend to the President
to place said officer upon the reserved list of the Navy,
either on the leave of-absence pay or on the furlough pay
of his rank, or that he be dropped from the service, as m
their judgment shall best promote the interest of the ser-
vice; which s-aid finding and recommendation, when ap-
proved b\ the President, upon a review of the record and
facts proven, shall be final and conclusive, and shall be
forthwith carried into execution; and all officers thus placed
man from the service, but he has no power, under i j uPon the reserved list shall be ineligible to further Prom°~
the existing law, to put a man on tie retired list, ' theordero1 the Navy Depart-
... ° i r tm ment at all times loi duty.
with leave-of-absence pay or furlough pay. I f Sec. 4. Jlnd be it further enacted, That said naval court
wish to confer this power on the President, and |] of inquiry slmll not consist of less than seven members, a
