1855.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
37
Alabama allow me to put an inquiry to my col-
league from the Berks district?
Mr. WALKER. I will yield for that pur-
Mr. ALLISON. I wish to know whether I
understood my colleague aright. I understood
him to say that the principles of the Know
Nothing party and of the free-Soil or anti-Ne-
braska party were identical, and therefore that
there was not a majority of national Democrats
from Pennsylvania on this floor. Now, if I un-
derstood my colleague aright, I wish to say that
1 indorse the idea expressed by him—that had it
not been for the fact that the people of Pennsyl-
vania condemned the Kansas and Nebraska act
of the last Congress, it might have been that sev-
enteen national Democrats would have been found
upon this floor; but having condemned that act,
the Know Nothings and the Free-Soil party
united, and Pennsylvania is represented here
by a majority of those who condemn that act.
[Laughter.]
Mr. JONES. What was my colleague's ques-
tion? I did not understand it.
Mr. ALLISON. The question I desired to put
to my colleague was this: Whether I understood
him aright to say that the sentiments of the Free-
Soil party and the Know Nothing party were
identical upon the question of the extension of
slavery ?
Mr. JONES. Yes; but I wish to explain my-
self m three words, so that I cannot be misun-
derstood.
Mr ALLISON. Oh, I perfectly agree with my
colleague.
Mr. JONES. What I meant to say, Mr.
Clerk, was this, that the national Democratic
party of Pennsylvania are willing any day, and at
any hour, to meet the Free-Soil party, as known
by that name, and to risk everything upon that
issue before the people of Pennsylvania; but when
a society, calling itself Know Nothing, is also in
the field, with a secret organization, and concealing
those very same Free-Soil principles—an under-
ground organization with an above-ground opera-
tion—between the two, the Democratic party is
left with only six Representatives standing; but
we are proud of those six.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Pennsylvania. Will
the gentleman from Alabama allow me to say a
word in reply to my colleague.
Mr. WALKER. Not now; I prefer to goon.
We are all, Mr. Clerk, in the habit of hearing
much said about principle and party, but I think
the gentleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Jones,]
in the preparation of his resolution which was
adoptea by the Democratic caucus, and the per-
sistence of that party in adhering to that resolu-
tion, only show what is by no means uncommon,
that there is a proneness in all men to confound
mere principle with party. They seem to forget,
sir, that the two things are essentially different;
that the principle hud its bir < li long before party;
that the party is a mere instrumentality to carry
out an established fact which is an idea of the
mind—a principle which, though it in fact has
no substantiality, though it has no tangible shape
or form to the outward eye, though I cannothold
it in my hand as I do this glass, yet, sir, that it
has within itself a power and a vitality of its own,
whilst, on the contrary, a party is a mere means
for the purpose of carrying out and putting life
into that principle.
The gentleman says that the Democratic party
stands upon principle. Now, what can you hear
from their own ranks, from the more frank among
them, upon this very subject of organizing this
House, and of the object they had in view m
placing themselves upon that platform ? Why,
that they had no hope of obtaining the organiza-
tion of this House; that many of them do not
desire it; that they look at it as a hazardous thing
for them in a party point of view; that the coun-
try may possibly hold them responsible for what-
ever legislation may take place in this Hall; and
that, therefore, as a mere party movement, it
may not be wise and politic for them to take the
organization. And yet, forsooth, their action is
based upon a naked, great conservative principle!
Are there not men upon this floor who occupy
the same ground with themselves upon this prin-
ciple?—a principle going back, if you please, to
the great vital doctrine of State rights; an indi-
rect recognition of the sovereignty of these States;
that this Union, all glorious as it h^s been, se-
curing, as it has done heretofore, all imaginable
blessings, and serving as a means to carry out the
purposes of its founders; yet that, after all, it is
not the Union—the Union alone, upon which the
reflecting man of this country bases his hopes
and rests his affections. With him the Union is
secondary in importance to the principles it was
designed to perpetuate and establish, and is only
worthy of the just man's and the patriot's rever-
ence and support so long as it serves to carry out
and perpetuates those principles.
But I am wandering from my object. I spoke,
in the first place, of the condition of these parties
in the House. I will now, as I am upon the floor,
say something of the condition of parties in the
country, to account for the present aspect of polit-
ical affairs in this country. How happens it, sir,
that there is m fact no national party now ? How
happens it that one great party has disappeared
from the field of action, and that another party,
which so long held sway upon the popular heart
of this country, has lost its claim to nationality?
How happens it that we are broken up into seg-
ments and fragments? How happens it that we
are all becoming more or less sectionalized in our
professions ? Why, sir, one of the reasons I will
give you: Your party leaders—the men who
molded the public thought, and directed the pop-
ular heart, the men who made parties and gov-
erned them by that power which is the result of
rare combinations of mental and moral qualities,
have left the stage of action.
Wo no longer have the firm-handed, granite-
willed Jackson, with his strongly-marked indi-
viduality, to head the columns of the Democracy
and lead them on to victory.
The name and memory of Clay still hold a
spell on our minds and hearts, but the strains of
his almost matchless eloquence, flowing out, as
they did, at times, with the swell and grandeurof
some mighty symphony, no longer fill the Seriate
House, the field of his fame, the point from
which his words went out over the land, stirring
the hearts of his followers as with a clarion and
summoning them to his standard.
Webster, to use his own words, "still lives,"
but it is in the record of his great thoughts and
grand eloquence which form a part of our na-
tional renown. But his firm-set figure, his pon-
derous brow, his cavernous and inward-looking
eye, are no longer beheld in that august Cham-
ber, the scene of his great conflicts and triumphs.
His deep, sonorous voice, rolling and swelling
under the tide of that wondrous eloquence, which
by turns won the imagination, eaptnred the rea-
son, and subdued the heart, is no longer heard
within those walls consecrated by his genius.
The master-mind, the controlling! ay, and the
restraining spirit of New England, no longer
lives and labors to direct and guide her people,
and save her from aggressions and encroach-
ments upon her sisters and her equals.
And the pure patriot—the great statesman of
the South—the man m whose policy, self had no
place, save as his personal fame was identified
with her glory and prosperity; lie who never gave
up to party what was meantfor mankind—whose
whole life was unsullied by a stain—whose noble
nature was never seduced by office or honors, or
intimidated by the fear of calumny or detraction
fiom the path of right; he who gave ail his great
powers to the task of securing to the South the
full measure of her rights, and to the inculcation
of those true ideas of government upon which
rest the sovereignty of the States, and the con-
sequent perpetuity of the Union; the man who
never trimmed or changed his policy to suit party
demands or exigencies; the man whose larg vir-
tues made him the object of the hate and envy of
party hucksters and time-serving demagogues,—
the great Calhoun no longer lives to counsel and
to warn us.
The Ithuriel spear of his living intellect, with
which, in his indignant scorn, he pierced through
corrupt party designs, and probed to the quick,
purchasable party demagogues, no longer gleams
and flashes; it has been shivered and "broken by
the scythe of Death.
The three great representative men of the na-
tion—the grand triumvirate, wiio, though never
holding the reins of Government in their Jiands,
though never winning the place and title of Pres-
ident, yet stood higher than those upon whom
popular favor cast the office, and who, by the
power of their intellects, molded and directed
popular thought and ruled the rulers,—have been
taken away. And who remain to head and lead
parties ?
Between those men of whom [ have spoken,
and those who now aspire to be party leaders in
this country, what a wide stretch of barren waste
there is! Some of them are still laboring in the
noise and confusion of past controversies. Some
have lost their usefulness, their dignity, and their
patriotism in the dark cess-pools of abolitionism
There is now no man in this country who, so to
sjWk, has those large and grand national propor-
tions which attract to himself the common eye,
and center around him the common hopes of the
country. This, then,is one of the chief reasons,
in my judgment, for the present condition of
things. The country has now no leader. There
is now no one great man, standing out—giant-
like—commanding and enforcing popular regard
and authority. It was natural* when these par-
ties had lost their old leaders, when their j^Iaces
were filled by ambitious men of small stature, that
affairs should assume their present aspect; that,
in the absence of those controlling men, we should
be broken up into fragments and sections.
But, sir, I cannot indulge in this train of re-
marks further, as I should both consume too much
time and weary the patience of the House. But
the fact has manifested itself in this House, for
the first time in its history, that an attempt is
making to organize it upon a merely sectional
question. Why, sir, we yesterday heard a speech
from a prominent member of this House, [Mr.
Banks,] whose position is identified, as we are
informed by himself—at least such must be the
inference of his remarks—with a great sectional
movement, and places himself upon that move-
ment to claim the support of a great party in this
House. He rests his claim for support upon
the staunchness of his anti-slavery opinions,
boasting here, that from the State of Massachu-
setts, after his resistance to the Kansas-Nebraska
act, he had been returned by an overwhelming
majority. Thus claiming, or at least allowing us
to infer, that he predicated his success upon the
fact that he was identified with this great sectional
movement. The other day we had placed upon
our table a speech coming from one of those dan-
dies in belle-lettres scholarships—a speech written
for the purpose of inducing the northern mind to
believe that the slave power of the South had
been the great grasping power in this Confeder-
acy,—that, from the foundation of the Govern-
ment to the present time, the slave power had
appropriated all the offices and power of this
Government. Sir, what does all this mean ?
Members from the North seem to think that
the reason why the South has had so large a share
in our governmental operations lies in the insti-
tution of .slavery. I tell them they are mistaken.
It lies behind that institution. It is to be found
in the administrative faculty belonging to the
early settlers of the South—the Cavaliers and
Huguenots—and which their descendants have
inherited.
Why, sir, I might ask, what great sentiment,
what great governmental principle, originated at
the North ? The idea of the separation of Church
and State, as a foundation republican principle, is
to be found in Jefferson's bill. The right of uni-
versal suffrage had its birth in Maryland. The
parallelism of State rights and Federal power
originated in North Carolina and other southern
States.
These men of the North talk here about the
aggressions of the South, and they cite the
Kansas-Nebraska act of the last session. Well,
sir, see how history exposes their inconsistency.
After the adoption of the Missouri compromise,
in 1820, what took place in the North? Why—
if I mistake not—the iNorth slew, with a single
exccpuon, every one of its members who voted
for that compromise. And again, sir, when the
Kansas-Nebraska bill, which repealed that com-
promise, came before the people* of the northern
States, what do we again see? Why, sir, with
only an exception here and there, they slew the
men from that section who voted on this floor to
strike out what in times past had been an offen-
sive measure—to wit, the Missouri compromise
line—thus showing a singular unsteadfastness.
And yet, Mr. Clerk, is it not apparent that what
