THE- cmmmMMW GMBEI
December 18,
was -«-rong in 1820 could not have well been
right in 1854 ? And if a northern man were cut
down at the one time on account of his favoring
the Missouri compromise, believed at that time
to be essential to the preservation of the national
peace and quiet—if lie were cut down for his vote
in support of that measure, is it not passing
strange, when the followers of these men on this
floor in the year 1854 vote to repeal what the
North then regarded as an objectionable measure,
that they should, for that very act, meet with the
same fate which had befallen their predecessors?
Mr. Clerk, I have said far more than I dreamed
of saying when I first rose to address this House.
I have spoken discursively and wanderingly, and
I have now but a few words more to say. I am
anxious to see this House organized. I am
anxious that this House shall not pass under the
control of the Republican party. I shall feel it
my duty to use every possible effort to prevent
such a consummation as that. And for the pur-
pose of indicating here, and elsewhere, my own
readiness to act with all men who are really con-
servative; to act with, men who are opposed to
further disturbance on this exciting subject of
slavery; to act with men who still acknowledge
their obligations to the Federal Constitution; to
act with men who are prepared to abide by the
existing laws on the subject of slavery; 1 say
here—and, if I am not mistaken, I think that in
this I am speaking for almost the whole of the
men with whom I nave thus far acted—I am will-
ing to go into a conferenco with all men who are
prepared to stand on that basis, to confer together,
and see if they cannot devise some plan by which
there may be a safe, healthful, and conservative
organization of this House.
Now, Mr. Clerk, it seems to me that the
struggle between the dominant parties in this
House is simply this: whether the great principle
of non-interference with the rights of any portion
of this Confederacy—States or Territories—save
by the parties interested in them, is the only true
Republican doctrine? And, sir, that, at least, is
my political creed on this subject. And, unless
I have misunderstood the gen&smen who have
thus far acted with me, they occupy the same
ground; and believing this, I am willing to confer
with those members of this House who stand
upon this general platform with me—to meet and
confer with them, not as parties struggling only
for personal or political ascendency, but as men
of any or all parties, actuated only by one com-
mon desire to serve the great interests of the
country, and to insure a true and conservative i
organization of this House. I say, sir, that '
unless I am greatly mistaken in the feelings and
the opinions of those with whom I have acted, I
am but expressing their own thoughts, and giving
utterance to their own wishes and their own
hopes. And I submit this in taking my seat—
and I beg that my words may be heard and
understood—that if no organization bo effected
this day, those members of the House, coming
from what sections they may, who are willing to
abide by existing laws on the subject of slavery,
who feel it their duty to vote for the admission
of a State into this Union whether its constitu-
tion does or does not recognize slavery as a part
of its social system, meet In this Hall this even-
ing, at half past seven o 'clock, for the purpose of
having a conference to devise some plan by which
a conservative organization may be cfFcetud here.
Mr. THORINGTON. I now insist upon the
consideration of the resolution offered by me last
evening.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. I hope the
gentleman from Iowa will first allow me to say a
word,
Mr. THORINGTON consented.
Mr. WASHBURN. It seems now to be con-
ceded, or, if not conceded, to be satisfactorily
proved by what has fallen from the lips of the
honorable gentlemen on the other side, that there
is in this Hall but one truly national party, and
that is the party which has been giving its vote
to the honorable gentleman from Massachusetts
[Mr. Bakes] for Speaker—[laughter;] that that is,
as is plainly and legibly exhibited and expanded
before the eyes of all men, the only national
party in this country. He has proved, sir( 1 dare
say to tfte satisfaction of this House, that the
Democratie party, last year so .dominant and tri-
umphant, with one hundred and fifty members
here, now dwindled down to some seventy-five,
is not a national party, and cannot represent the
national feeling of the Union. That is unques-
tionably true. It does not represent that feeling.
It represents a section, and nothing else, and noth-
ing better. And, sir, I submit that the gentle-
man himself [Mr. Walker] has shown that the
party to which he belongs is as sectional as that.
There is no difference, for he acknowledges and
admits that he is influenced, after all, by the same
idea, the same principle, and the same thought,
which governs the Democratic party. He will
make his Americanism subordinate to his pro-
slaveryism. He, sir, has been for several days-
voting for a candidate here in this Hall who, he
now declares, by implication, if not by words,
stands with him in favor, really and practically,
of the doctrines of the Kansas-Nebraska bill—
there, and nowhere else, because our business is
with the things and interests of the day; and any
man who to-day is ready—is prepared to sub-
mit to the doctrines of that bill, occupies precisely
the same position with the men who voted for its
passage. To that extent of responsibility will
any man and every man occupying that position
be held by the country.
Then I say the gentleman from Alabama be-
longs substantially to this same party, and is as
sectional upon this question as is the Democratic
party itself; for I maintain that that party is
thoroughly, entirely, intensely sectional. It makes
every interest, every thought, every idea, subor-
dinate to the idea of the extension and perpetua-
tion of human slavery. No man, however true
he may have been as a Democrat—no matter how
sound he may be as a Democrat upon all the doc-
trines of the party, whether of the tariff, public
lands, internal improvements, or anything else,
so long as he is considered to be unsound upon
the question of slavery, ho is not considered a
Democrat; he is at once repudiated and tabooed;
there is no place under the Government, from the
highest to the lowest, to which he can be admit-
ted. No man can hold a place as tide-waiter, or
as keeper of a light-house, who will not bow
down to the Baal of slavery, and swear to its
divinity.
It is, then, that sectional interest, that sectional
idea, that sectional doctrine, that bind together
and unites that party in this country which calls
itself the Democratic <party. And it is in oppo-
sition to that sectional party, in opposition to that
sectional idea—it is in maintenance of the doc-
trine of human right, in maintenance of the
doctrines of the Declaration of Independence and
of the Constitution of the United States, that the
party which has in this House supported as
their candidate for Speaker the honorable gentle-
man from Massachusetts [Mr. Banks] stands;
and it will stand by him; it will maintain its
ground, until its principles are vindicated and
triumphant, and till it has proved itself, North
and South, to be, as it is, the only national party
in the country.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Pennsylvania, obtained
the floor.
Mr. ORR. I ask the gentleman from Pennsyl-
vania to allow me to ask the gentleman from
Maine [Mr. Washburn] a single question. I
desire to know when he was elected to a seat in
this House for the present Congress ?
Mr. WASHBURN. It was a year ago last
September.
Mr. ORR. Now let me ask the gentleman
another question. In the election last fall, was
not the party to which he belongs defeated, and
a Democratic Legislature elected?
Mr. WASHBURN. I will explain; and I am
happy to have an opportunity of referring to the
subject. In the State of Maine, at the last elec-
tion. I will state to the gentleman, that the issue
was not wholly, or perhaps principally, upon the
Kansas and Ivebraska bill. A leading issuewas
the Maine liquor law, [great laughter,] and there
were other questions of local interest. I will
state further, that in that canvass there were
three parties in the field. It requires an absolute
majority in that State to elect a candidate for
Governor. Well, sir, the Republican party,had
a plurality of some three thousand votes over the
Democratic party candidate, and in almost any
other State m the Union he would have been
elected. ' Then, there was another party known
as the Straight Whig party. The candidate of
that party, and the party itself, professed to be
as much against the Nebraska bill as the Repub-
lican party ■
Well, sir, the Democratic party at their State
convention said nothing upon the subject. They
indorsed the foreign policy of the Administration,
by which, I suppose, they .probably referred to
the bombardment of Grey town. [Laughter.]
They then made some reference to the domestic
policy of the Administration, but also averred
that they did not choose to express any opinion
upon one side or the other in regard to the Kan-
sas and N ebraskabill. Theresultofthe canvass
was, that Morrell (Republican) received some
fifty-two thousand votes, Wells (Democrat) about
forty-eight thousand, and Reed (Straight Whig)
ten or eleven thousand votes.
Mr. ORR. Now I want to ask the gentleman
from Maine another question. He says the prin-
cipal issue in the last fall's campaign in the State
of Maine was the Maine liquor law?
Mr. WASHBURN. Yes, sir, a leading issue.
Mr. ORR. Then do I understand that the
people of Maine like whisky better than they do
freedom? [Shouts of laughter ]
Mr. WASHBURN. Not exactly that; they
like a little of the former, and«. good deal of the
latter. [Renewed laughter.]
Mr. ORR. Now, one more question. I desire
to know of the gentleman from Maine, if he was
not elected to this House by the Know Nothings
of his district?
Mr. WASHBURN. I will answer the gentle-
man that I am not aware that I was, although I
may have received the votes of a portion of its
members. At any rate I was not a member of
the order, and I believe that at that time its num-
bers were not very large in my district. ^ j _
Mr. ORR. One word more and I will yield
the floor. I wish to know whether the gentleman
himself—and whether Mr. Banks with him—did
not urge upon the people of Maine, during the
last fall's contest, the fact, that the great question
to be decided was the principle of the Kansas and
Nebraska bill? Was not that the issue which
they urged upon the Republican party ?
Mr. WASHBURN. I will state to the gentle-
man that I did go before the people of Maine dur-
ing that canvass, and that I did urge upon the
party opposed to the Democratic party the im-
portance of their succeeding in the election in con-
sequence of their opposition to the principles of
the Kansas and Nebraska bill; but I was every-
where met upon the stump with the plea that this
was not an election of national importance; that
there were no United States Senators to beelected,
and no Representatives in Congress to be chosen;
and that local matters were of paramount import-
ance. It was everywhere urged, though I re-
sisted the idea, that national matters should not
enter into the canvass.
Mr. ORR. I desire to ask the gentleman from
Maine if he heard the speech of the distinguished
gentleman from Massachusetts, [Mr. Banks,] in
which he made use of that celebrated phrase, that
he " was willing to let the Union slide ?"
Mr. WASHBURN. I did hear the speech,
but I did not hear him use the phrase.
Mr. ORR. Then you did not hear the speech,
| I presume.
j Mr. WASHBURN. I did hear the speech to
| which I suppose the gentleman refers, but have
; no recollection of his using the language which
is attributed to him.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Pennsylvania, (resum-
ing.) Mr. Clerk, I rise for the purpose of vindi-
cating the great American party of Pennsylvania
from the charges which have been made by my
colleague from Bucks county, in reference to
Free-Soilism. I understood my colleague [Mr.
Jones] to say that it was understood in Pennsyl-
vania that the American party and the Free-Soil
party were synonymous. Now I,beg leave to
dissent from any such conclasion.
Mr. JONES, of Pennsylvania. If the gentle-
man will permit me to interrupt him, I only wish
to 'say that I distinctly announced that I would
not use the name of the American party. I said
that we in Pennsylvania considered KnowNotb-
ingism and Free-Soilism upon that question to
be synonymous.
Mr. CAMPBELL. Well, sir, I shall not
quarrel about names: I am aiming at substance.
I Gentlemen may call members upon the floor of
