THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
July 15,
expressed some months ago, unless he has altered
his opinion. That is the view of others who
spoke then. It is certainly my opinion.
Now, the Senator's whole object will be at-
tained by altering the latter part of his amend-
ment, so that, whenever the court of inquiry find
that a dropped officer should be restored, th,e
President shall nominate that officer to the Sen-
ate; and wherever an officer has been placed in
the other grades under the bill of the last session,
and the court of inquiry believe that he ought
to be reinstated in active service, the Presi-
dent shall nominate him as the gentleman from
Kentucky has provided in liia amendment. With
this modification we can all vote for it. 1 would
then vote for it with the utmost pleasure.
Mr. CLAYTJjgjt I feel disposed to sustain
what I understand to be the chief object of my
colleague, but I look upon the proposition sug-
gested by the Senator from Maryland as very
important. I consider the officer who is dropped
or retired, out of the Navy. I have considered
that the retired -officers were placed in a digni-
fied position by the act of the last session, and I
was quite willing for them to remain there.
But, sir, this amendment proceeds on the suppo-
sition that they are in the Navy. I have always
looked upon it that they were out of the Navy,
and that is my sincere belief. Then, sir, if they
are out of the Navy, they must be renominated
by the President, in order to be restored to the
Navy.
I know very well that on this subject, which
has been discussed at such length — I may say
discussed ad nauseam on both sides — nobody
wants to hear an argument now; every man's
mind is made up on this subject, and I do not
purpose to venture into the discussion afresh;
I have forborne during the whole day from par-
taking in this discussion at all. But if I have a
settled opinion on any subject, it is fixed that the
President of the United States, untrammeled 8f
Congress, has the exclusive power ot' removing
public officers from both the Army and the Navy.
That I have understood to be the fixed law of
this country ab tirbe condita, and it is bottomed
upon more than one hundred thousand prece-
dents—for there have been more than one hundred
thousand commissions, civil, military, and naval,
issued, every one of which bears on its face that
the incumbent of the office holds it during the
pleasure of the President. Is it not astonishing
that if the construction now put on the Consti-
tution be correct, George Washington never dis-
covered it ? He was the first man who ever issued
one of these commissions, and every commission
issued during his administration was, in the
language of your law, during the pleasure of
the President. So, too, of Thomas Jefferson. I
think he knew something about the Constitution.
So, too, of James Madison; and every President
you have ever had has issued his commissions in
the same terms; and it is vain to attempt to get
up a distinction between the Army and Navy,
and civilians. They are all removable at the will
of the President. 1 do not go into the discussion
so far as relates to the various cases already
alluded to, and others that might be cited; but I
desire now, in order to put the fact on record, to
allude to one circumstance that occurred during
my public life, which I believe has never got into
the public debates or the public prints.
X remember the time well when the Senate was
agitated upon the great question of the removal
of the deposits. I remember the celebrated res-
olutions of Mr. Clay, which were afterwards
condemned and expunged by order of the Senate.
I remember well that one of the leading resolu-
tions introduced by that distinguished gentleman
at that day, directly declared against the remov-
ing power of the President, in the case of the
dismissal of William J. Duane, who had refused
to remove the deposits. The subject was dis-
cussed from week to week, from month to month,
and at last it came to a vote. Now, mark what
occurred then. Not a single Whig Senator in
the Senate voted to sustain Mr. Clay in the res-
olution which he had introduced. Not a single
man of them, besides himself, would agree to
support the proposition which he laid down, that
the President had not the removing power.
What was the result? 1 was present at a con-
sultation behind your chair, sir, when John
I yler and myself insisted on his changing the
resolution; and you will find, by referring back
to the debates of the day , that he did change his
resolution at the suggestion and entreaty of his
friends. I was one of them. But the resolution,
as it stood and was adopted by the Senate, was
drawn, not by Henry Clay, but by John Tyler,
who is now alive and will prove the fact. The
resolutions, as passed, did not deny the removing
power of the President; they only denied the le-
gality of the " late executive proceedings." That
was the language of the resolutions. They de-
clared those proceedings to be in derogation of
the Constitution and the law. They attacked
the removal of the deposits; they attacked the
specie circular; but they left every man free to
vote on them without committing himself to this
question, which not a single Whig in the Senate
besides Mr. Clay was willing to do. I refer
back to this circumstance, because I have per-
sonally a fresh recollection of it, and the record
will confirm what I have stated. I say that al-
though those were high party times, and although
at that day there was an anxious disposition to
condemn the action of the President for the re-
moval of William J. Duane, if it could be done
as a constitutional act, there could not be found
on the floor of the Senate a single Whig Senator
besides Mr. Clay who would agree to do it.
Now, sir, I have considered that the President
has the exclusive power of removal. I think if
there is anything settled in the Government, that
is settled. It seems to me ty be an interference
with that power, if we undertake to restore men
whom I consider out of the Navy. This is the
objection I have to the proposition of my honor-
able colleague, and I am unwilling to agree to it.
The other object which he has in view,! heartily
concur in. I am desirous that these gentlemen,
if they seek and are fairly entitled to a restora-
tion, shall have it; but they shall have it, by my
vote, in the only constitutional way.
Mr. BAYARD. Mr. President, I am very
sorry that my honorable colleague should think
it necessary to introduce into a discussion in ref-
erence to this amendment, that which only temls
to distract the attention of the Senate to a matter
not involved in it at all. I have conceded that, as
to all dropped officers, they must be nominated
to the Senate. I have never questioned that
power, although I thought it had its limits. 1 do
not mean to enter into it now. But gentlemen
ask me to reform my amendments to meet their
constitutional views. By doing so, I am sacri-
ficing my own constitutional views. I consider
that every retired officer is in the naval service.
If not, what an absurdity is involved in your
present law? Commodore Stewart is out of the
Navy, and he commands the navy-yard at Phil-
adelphia! Commodore Smith is chief of a bu-
reau; but he is not in the Navy! Lieutenant
Maury is chief of the Observatory; but he is not
in the Navy ! Lieutenant Maffit commands three
vessels on the coast survey; but he is not in the
Navy! j
That is the doctrine of gentlemen, that, because j
an officer is on the retired list, though under the j
law the President may command and put him m J
active service, he is not in the Navy; and they [
ask me to put in my amendment a provision, that |
in order to' put the officer in the Navy, he shall i
be nominated to the Senate as if he were not a '
member of the Navy. I cannot do it with my '[
views. The Senate may vote down my amend-!
ment if they see fit; but I have my own views of :
the Constitution. 1 hardly know of a proposi-;
tion which involves a greater absurdity than the
idea of saying that an officer is not in the Navy, j]
when that officer is now, by the action of the ,
President alone, under your law, commanding at j
the navy-yard at Philadelphia. j
Mr. MALLORY. When I remarked just now '
that I hoped the amendment of the Senator from !
Delaware would be accepted by the Senator from ]
Kentucky, I supposed that the amendment was
predicated upon the position which has been
illustrated by the Senator from Maryland, and
that is one which I have maintained uniformly
on this measure. I suppose the amendment em- \
braced that, as I listened to its reading from the !
desk. I propose now, at the end of the amend- i
ment of the Senator from Delaware, to insert this
proviso:
Provided, That the officers so restored or placed on the
reserved list. shall be appointed to their places respectively
by the President, by and witli the advice and consent of
the Senate.
So as to make it conform, to this extent, with
the amendment offered by the Senator from Ken-
tucky.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Does the Sen-
ator from Delaware accept the modification ?
Mr. BAYARD. I will accept it; but I must
be permitted to make one remark. It involves
this question: In what mode will you issue a
commission to an officer who is now on the re-
tired list, after his appointment by the President
and the Senate to the active list ?
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The question
is on the amendment of the Senator from Dela-
ware, as amended, to the amendment made as in
Committee of the Whole.
The amendment to the amendment was agreed
to; and the amendment, as amended, was con-
curred in.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading; and was read the third time.'
Mr."HOUSTON and Mr. MASON called for
the yeas and nays on the passage of the bill; and
they were ordered.
Mr. BUTLER. If it is in order, I move to
strike out the proviso offered by the Senator from
Florida to the amendment of the Senator from
Delaware.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It is too late.'
The bill has been ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time, and the question now is on its
passage.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 26, nays 11; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Allen, Bayard, Bell of Tennessee, Ben-
jamin, Biggs, Bigler, Brodhead, Brown, Butler, Clayton,
Collamer, Dodge, Evans, Fessenden, Fish, Fitzpatrick,
Foot, Foster, 1 verson, James, Mallory, Pratt, Reid, Sebas-
tian, TwBibull, and Yulee—26.
NAYS—Messrs. Bright, Douglas, Hale, Houston, Hun-
ter, Jones of Tennessee, Mason, Pugh, Stuart, Thompson
of Kentucky, and Toombs—11.
So the bill was passed.
Mr. FOSTER. As the bill has been very con-
siderably amended, and is an important bill, 1
move that the usual number be printed.
The motion was agreed to.
EXECUTIVE SESSION.
On motion by Mr. BUTLER, the Senate pro-
ceeded to the consideration of executive business;
and after some time spent therein, the doors were
reopened,
And the Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Tuesday, July 15, 1856.
The House met at twelve o'clock, m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. Daniel Waldo.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
MESSAGE FROM THE SENATE.
A message was received from the Senate, by
Asbury Die kin's, their Secretary, informing the
House that the Senate had passed bills of the fol-
lowing titles, in wlueh he was directed to ask the
concurrence of the House:
An act for the relief of Nathan M. Lounsbury;
An act to amend the charter of Georgetown, "in
the District of Columbia;
An act for the relief of J. R. Powell;
An act for the relief of Eliza B. McNeill; and
An net for the relief of Ambrose Lanfear, of
Louisiana.
THE SUMMER ASSAULT.
The SPEAKER. The first question in order
for consideration is the second resolution reported
by the select committee to investigate the alleged
assault on Senator Sumner by a member of this
House; which is m these words:
Rcsohctl, That tins House .hereby declares its disappro-
bation of the said act of Henry A. Edmundson and Law-
rence M. Keitt, m regard to the said a&sdnlt.
The gentleman from Indiana-[Mr. Dunn] asks
for a division of the question—that a separate
vote be had on each member named in the reso-
lution. The Chair decides that the resolution is
indivisible. From that decision, the gentleman
from Kentucky [Mr. A. K. Marshall] takes an
appeal. The gentleman from Tennessee [Mr.
Jones] moves that the appeal be laid on the table.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio. I hope the appeal
will be withdrawn, and that there will be unani-
mous consent for a separate vote in reference to
