1856.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
each member named in the resolution. The
gentleman from South Carolina [Mr. Keitt] is
anxious that there shall be a separate vote.
Mr. A. K. MARSHALL? I intended to with-
draw the appeal when I came here this morning.
1 do not desire there should be any division of
the question, though I still believe that the reso-
lution is susceptible of division.
Mr. CRAIGE. I interpose the same objection
to a division of the resolution that I did on yester-
day.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. It is notin order
to move that there be a call of the House. The
House is thin, and the only way that I gee to
have a call of the roll is to move that the House
adjourn, and call for the yeas and nays; which I
do.
Mr. "WASHBURN, of Maine. I must inter-
pose an objection to the withdrawal of the appeal
from the decision of the Chair. -The question is
an important one, and ought to be decided. I
am not prepared to yield to the justice of the
Chair's decision.
Mr. JONES. The gentleman cannot object to
the withdrawal of the appeal. The rule is clear,
that a member's motion is under his control until
it has been altered, or acted upon by the House.
The SPEAKER. There has been no amend-
ment, and it is competent for the gentleman from
Kentucky to withdraw the appeal. f
Mr. WASHBURN. I renew it.
Mr. CLINGMAN. I move that the appeal be
laid on the table.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I hope a direct vote will
be taken on the resolution, with a view to jx
reconsideration when the previous question is
exhausted.
The yeas and nays were ordered on the motion
to adjourn.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the negative—yeas 0, nays 194; as follows:
YEAS—0.
NAYS—Messrs. Aiken, Albright, Allen, AJliso/j, Bar-
bour, BarKsdale, Henry Bennett, Hendiey S. Bennett,
Benson, Bilhmrhurst, Bingham, Bliss, Bowie, Biadfhaw,
Branch, Breulon,Broom, Buffinton, Buihtigainc, Burnett,
Cadwalader. Jame-i II. Campbell. John P. Campbell, Lewis
D. Campbell, Caakie, Chaffee, Ezra Clark, Claw^on, Clips-
man, Howell (JB Williamson R. W« Cobb. Colfax,
Coniins, Cox, Cragm, Craige, Crawfoid.Cullen, Cumback,
Pamiell, Davidson, Timothy Davis, Day, Dean, Denver,
DeWitt, Dick, Dickson, Dodd. Dowdell, Dunn, Durfee,
Edie, Edmundson, Edwaids, Elliott, Emrie, English, Eth-
eridge, Evans, Florence, Fohtei, Galloway, Giddmgs, Gil-
bert. Goode, Granger, Greenwood, Grow, Augustus Hall,
Robert B. Hall, Ihulan, J. Morrison Ham*, Thomas L.
Uairis, Ilairison, Haven, Hickman, Hoffman, Ilolloway,
Thomas 11. Morton, Valentine B. llorton, Houston, How-
ard, Hu<rhs«ton, Jewett, Geoige W. Jones, J. Gianev Jones,
Kelly, Keisov, Kemiett, Kidwell, Kmg, Kuapp, Knight,
Knowlton, IvnoK, Kunkel, Lake, Leitei, Letcher, Lump-
kin, Alexander K.Mai^hall, Mafteson, Maxwell, McCarty,
McQueen. Kilhan Miller, Smith Miller, Million, MiHward,
Wooip, Morgan, MomfJ, Mott, Murray, Nichols, Norton,
Andiew Oliver, Moideeai Oliver, Oir, packer, Paikei,
Peareo, Pock, Pelton, Pennington, Perry, Petut, Phelps,
------ - Beade
Sneinian, Shorter, Simmons, Samuel A. Smith, \\ diiani
Smith, William It. Smith, Sneed, Spinner, Stephens,
Stewait, Stranahan, Swope, Talbott, Tappan, Tavlor,
Thonngton, Thurston, Todd, Traftcn, Tnppe, Vail, Valk,
Wade, Wakeman, Wai bridge, WaJdron, Warner, Cad-
walaiTer C. Washburne, EUihu B. Wa^hburne. Israel
Wa-hburn. Watkm*. Wat&on, Welch, Wells, Wheeler,
Whitney, Williams, Winslow, Wood, VVoodtu/t". "Wood-
worth. i)amel B. Wright, John V. Wnght, and Zolhcotf'er
—J94.'
So the House refused to adjourn.
Mr. WASHRURN, of Maine. I withdraw
th* appeal from the decision of the Chair.
The question recurred oil the second resolution
reported by the select committee; which is as
follows:
Revolver!. That tills House hereby declares it-? disappro-
bation of the -j;ud act ol' Henry A. Edmuvdson and Law-
KEsxfi M. Keitt in legard to the said assault.
Mr. LETCHER demanded the yeas and nays.
The SPEAKER stated that the yeas and nays
had been already ordered.
Mr. DUNN. As there can be no division of
the resolution, I move to lay it upon the table.
Mr. STANTON. I would inquire what has
become of the appeal taken yesterday from the
decision of the Chair that the resolution was not
divisible ?
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Ken-
tucky withdrew the appeal.
Mr. STANTON. If there is no other way of
reaching a division of the question, I shall be in-
clined to renew the appeal. If gentlemen around
me see any other mode, I am willing to adopt it.
My own opinion is, very decidedly, that the
House is entitled to a separate vote on the names
in the resolution.
Mr. CLINGMAN. I object to this debate.
Mr. HAVEN. Will the Chair allow me to
make an inquiry?
Mr. HOUSTON. I object to any debate.
Mr. HAVEN. Supposing a vote is taken
upon the resolution, and it is either adopted or
rejected, where shall we stand then with refer-
ence to the previous question?
The SPEAKER. The previous question will
be exhausted.
Mr. HAVEN. And a motion to reconsider
will be in order?
Mr. HOUSTON. I object to these questions
in the nature of debate.
The SPEAKER. The Chair supposes that
they are strictly matters of debate, but such in-
quiries are always allowed by the House.
Mr. HOUSTON. Not always allowed.
The SPEAKER. The previous question will
be exhausted when the House shall nave passed
its judgment upon the resolution.
Mr. HAVEN. As I see it pains my friend
from Alabama, I will not ask any furth# ques-
tions.
Mr. DUNN. I withdraw the motion to lay
the resolution on the table.
Mr. CARLILE. I desire to make an inquiry
of the Chair in regard to a question of order.
Suppose the motion of the gentleman from In-
diana should be withdrawn 
Mr. DUNN. It is withdrawn.
Mr. CARLILE. Then I desire to know what
would be the effect of a vote rejecting" the reso-
lution, and then a motion to reconsider?
Mr. HOUSTON. That is debate.
The SPEAKER. It is not a question proper
for the Chair to determine what will be the effect
of certain votes. If the gentleman from Virginia
raises a question of order, the Chair will decide-it.
Mr. STANTON. I renew the request that the
resolution be divided, and that the vote be taken
first upon the first name in the resolution; and I
ask that a paragraph on page 107 of the Manual
may be read.
The "Clerk read the paragraph; which is as
follows:
a If a question contain more paits than one, it maybe
divided mio two or more questions. But not as the right
of an individual member, but with the consent of the House.
For who is to dccide whether a question is complicated or
not ? where it is complicated ? mto how many propositions
it may be divided ? The fact is, that the only mode of sep-
aiatirig a complicated question is by moving amendments
to it; and these mu^t be decided by the House on a ques-
tion, unle.^ the House orders it to be divided; as, on the
question, December 2, 1640, making void the election of
the knights for Worcester. On a motion, it was resolved
to make two questions of it, to wit: one on each knight.
So, wherever there, are several names m a question, they
may be divided, and put one by one. So, 1729, April 17,
on an objection that a question was complicated, it was
separated by amendment."
Mr. STANTON. Now, I ask for a division
of the resolution.
The SPEAKER. The Chair decides that the
resolution is not divisible, inasmuch as it does
not contain two propositions; one of which will
stand when the judgment of the House has been
passed upon the other.
Mr. STANTON. From that decision I appeal.
Mr. JONES. 1 wish to ask the gentleman from
Ohio, or any other gentleman upon this floor who
thinks the Chair has made an erroneous decision,
to divide that resolution, and make two proposi-
tions of it.
The SPEAKER. Debate is not in order.
| Mr. DAVIDSON. I rise to a question of or-
dcr. I desire to have read the first paragraph on
i page 101 of the Manual, in relation to the previ-
' ous question, and then perhaps the House may
know what they are doing.
The paragraph was read, and is as follows:
, i {l When any question is befoie the House, any member
!| may move a previous question, 'whether that question
I' (called the mam question) shall now be put ?3 I fit pass m
i! the affirmative, tiien the mam question is to be putimme-
l! dtately, and no man may speak anything further to it, either
I; to add or to alter.5'
jj Mr. CLINGMAN. I move to lay the appeal
j! upon the table.
11 The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Ohio
asks for a division of the question, and cites the
!■ 107th pa*e of the Manual. The gentleman will
if see that the second clause of the paragraph which
has been read forbids a division of the questiQi?
except it be by the unaiiimous consent of the
House. The clause referred to is in these words?
"But not as the right of an individual member,
but with the consent of the House,"
Mr. STANTON. That is the very point I
make—that it may be done -with the consent of
the House; not the unanimous consent.
The SPEAKER. The Chair hag asked the
consent of the House, and it has been refused j
but the point upon which the Chair bases it§
decision is, that it is not in human power to divide
the resolution into two parts.
Mr. STANTON. I am here acting judicially.
As a judge or juror——[Cries of " Order 1"]
The SPEAKER. It is not in order to debate.
Mr. CLINGMAN. I w^fcdraw the motion
to lay the appeal on the table/-'
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio. Iaskmycolleag\*c
to withdraw the appeal. There is another way
in which we can reach this matter, and have a
separate vote; and that is, by moving a reconsid-
eration after the previous question shall have been
exhausted. I propose to take that course.
Mr. HOUSTON. 1 object to debate.
Mr. LETCHER. I asK the yeas and nay£ on
the appeal.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken, " Shall the dccisioji
of the Chair stand as the judgment of the House
and it was decided in the affirmative—yeas 162,
nays 25; as follows:
YEAS — Messrs. Aiken, Albright, Allen, Allison, Barks-
dale, Hendiey S. Bennett, Benson, Bingham, Boeock,
Bowie, Boyce, BratHiaw, Branch, Brenton, Broom, Buf-
firiton, Burhngame, Burnett, James H. Campbell, Carlile,
Caskie, Bayard Clarke, Ezra Clark, dawson, CUngman,
Howell Cobb, Williamson K. W. Cobb, Colfax, Comins,
Covode, Cragin, Crajge, Crawford. Cullen, Cumback, Dam-
rell, Davidson, Timothy Davis, Day, Dean, Denver, De
Witt, Dick, Dickson, Dowdell, Edie, Edwards, Elliott,
Emrie, English. Etheridge, Evans., Floience, Foster, Cal-
loway, Giddings, Gilbert, Goode, Granger, Greenwood,
Grow, Augustus Half, Robert B. Hall, Harlan, J. Morrison
Harris, Sampson W. Harris, Thomas L. Hams, Harrison,
Hickman, Hoffman, Holloway, Thomas R. Horton, Valen-
tine B.Horton, Houston, Howard, Jewett, George W> Jones,
J. Glancy Jones, Kelly, ICclsey, Kennett, Kidwell, King,
Knapp, Kno\, Lake, Leiter, Letcher, Lindley, Lumpkin,
Samuel S Marshall. Matteson, Maxwell, MoMullm, Mc-
Queen, 8nnth Miller, Millson, Morgan, Morrill, Mott,
Nichols, Norton, Andrew Oliver, Mordecai Oliver, Orr,
Packei, I'earce, Peek, Pelton, Pettit, Phelps, Powell,
Pringle, Puryear, tieade, Ricaud, ltitclne, Rivers, Rob-
bins, Roberts, Robison, Ruffin, Rust, Sabin, Sandidge,
Savage, Scott, Shorter, Samuel A. Smith, William Smith,
William R. Smith, Sneed, Stephens, Stranahan, 8wope,
Talbott, Tappan, Taylor, Thorington, Thurston, Trafton,
Tnppe, VaiJ, Va!k, Wade, Wakeman, Waldmn, Walker,
Warner, Elhhu B. Wa«hburne, Watkins, Watson, Wells,
WheeJei, Whitney, Williams, Winslow, Wood, Wood-
ruff, Woodworth, John V. Wright, and Zolhcoffer—162.
NAYS—Messrs. Ball, Biilmghurst, Bli«<, John P. Camp-
bell, Knight, Knovvlton, Kunkel, McCarty, Killian MiJ/er,
Parker, Peiry, Purvianee, Ready, Sapp, Seward, Sherman*
Simmons, Spinner, Stanton, Todd, Undei wood, Walbridge,
Cadwalader C. Washburne, Israel Washburn, and Daniel
B. Wright—H.
So the decision of the Chair was sustained.
The question recurred on agreeing to the second
resolution, on which the yeas and nays had been
ordered.
The question was taken*, and it was decided in i
the negative—yeas 10, nays 125; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Albright, Allison, Baibour, Henry Ben-
nett, Benson, Biilirigiiuist,Bmgham, Bliss, Bradshaw, Bren-
ton, Burtinton, Builingame, Ezia Claik, dawson, Col-
fax, Comms, Cragin, Cumback, Damrelh Timothy Davis,,
Day. Dean, Dick, Dickson, Dodd, Duifee,Emrie, Giddings,
Gilbert, Granser, Grow, Robert B. Hall, Harlan, Holloway,
Thomas R. Horton, Howard, Kelsey, Knapp, Knowlton,
Matteson. Kilhan Miller, Morgan, Mott, Murray, Penning-
ton, Peny, Petut, Pike, Puiviance, Robbms, Roberts, £*ge,
Sapp. Scott, Spiuner, Stanton, Stranahtm, Tappan, lhor-
inirton, Tralton, Wade, Wakeman, Walbtidge, WaUlron,
Cadwalader C. Washbume, Elhhu B. Washburne, Watson,
Welch. Wood, and Woodworth—70.
nays—Messis. Aiken, Allen, Barksdale, Hendiey S.
Bennett, Boeock, Bowie, Boyce, Branch, Broom, Burnett,
Cadwalader, James II. Campbell, John P. Campbell, L*wi«
1). Campbell, Carhle, Caruthers, Caskie, Bayard Clarke^
CUngman, Howell Cobb, Williamson R- W. Cobb, Cox,
Crai e, Crawford, Davidson, Denver, Dc Witt, Dowdell,
Dunn, Edwards, Elliott, English, Etheridge, ^ushs, Flor-
ence, Foster, Galloway, Goode, Greenwood, Augustus
Hall, J. Morrison Hams, Sampson W. Harris, Ihoinaa L.
Harris, Harrison, Haven, Hickman, Hoffman, \ a entme B.
Horton, Houston, Jewett, George W« Jones, J. Glancy
Jones, Kelly, Kcnnett, KidwelJ, Kmg, Knight. Knox, Kun-
kel, Lake, Letcher,Jjindicy? Lumpkin, Alexander K. Mar-
shall, Samuel S. Marshall, Maxwell, McCarty, McMulhn,
McQueen, Smith Miller, Millson, Millward, Moore, Mor-
rill Nichols, Norton, Andrew Oliver, Mordecai Oliver, Orr,
Pearee, Peek, I'heips, Porter, Powell, i'ringle, Puryear,
Quitman, Read?, Ready, Ricaud, Ritchie, Rivers, Ruffin,
Rust Sandidge, Savage, Seward, Shorter, Samuel A. Smith,
William Smith, William It. Smith, Sneed, Stephens, Stew-
art, Svvope, Talbott, Taylor, Thurston, Todd, Triype, Un-
