THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 15,
has been ordered, and it operates as well on the
preamble as on the resolutions.^
The SPEAKER. The previous question was
ordered on the resolutions, and there was ho time,
during the consideration of the resolutions, when
the preamble was open to amendment.
Mr. JONES. How came it before the House?
The SPEAKER. It was reported by the se-
lect committee.
' Mr. JONES. And is it not to be voted on, and
was not that fact known when the previous ques-
tion was called ? I would inquire of the Chair if
he ever knew, in the whole history of parlia-
mentary proceedings, when such a decision was
made? (Criesof"Order!" "Order!") Iamonly
inquiring for information.
Mr. CAMPBELL. Debate is not in order.
Mr. JONES. Now, can the Chair point out
any case where such a decision was made?
Mr. CAMPBELL. I call to order.
Mr. JONES. I am inquiring for information,
which it is important we should have.
Mr. CAMPBELL. The gentleman had better
ead the report of our proceedings.
The SPEAKER. Debate is not in order.
Mr. HOUSTON. When the previous ques-
'ion was called, did it notapply to everythingbe-
'ore the House at the time, in connection with
,he matter to be voted on ?
The SPEAKER. Everything before the
House.
Mr. HOUSTON. That is tne position I oc-
:upy'. Everything before the House to be voted
>n was under the operation of the previous ques-
tion. It is true that the preamble is to be voted
on last.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I object to debate.
Mr. I-iOtJSTON. When the resolutions are
voted on, of course the previous question is ex-
hausted, so far as they are concerned; but it still
operates on the preamble, for the preamUJe and
resolutions were reported from the select com-
mittee for the action of this House; and when the
previous question is called, it operates on every-
thing before the House to be voted on. The pre-
amble had to be voted on immediately after the
resolutions.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I object to debate.
The SPEAKER. The amendment to the pre-
amble is in order, for the reason that the previous
question only operated on the questions submit-
ted by the Chair. The Chair has only submitted
the resolutions which have been voted on.
Mr. HOUSTON. Indul-e me 111 one remaik.
Mr. HAVEN. It pained the gentleman when
I wished to make a remark; and, as he objected
to me, I mast object to him. [Laughter.]
M''- HOUSTON. Thugentleman'spainshave
a singular dnection.
Mr.STEPHENS. The preamble and resolu-
tions stand as a title and a bill. We first pass '
the resolutions, and then take up the preamble.
That is parliamentary law.
The SPEAKER. The preamble is a statement
of tacts; and when the lesolutions have been
passed, it may be necessary that the preamble
should be amended. There has been no time
since the preamble was reported when it could
be amended, except the present. If amendment
is offered to the preamble, it is the duty of the
Chair to submit the question to the House.
Mr. JONES. If a bill with a preamble is read,
and then the previous question is called, does it
not cover everything but the caption of the bill?
The SPEAKER. It covers everything sub-
mitted to the House.
Mr. JONES. Then, if the Chair and Clerk
do not happen to read the preamble, that pream-
ble is not covered by a call for the previous qucs-
tion. But this preamble was read.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will read the fol-
lowing passage of the Manual in support of its
decision:
" When a bill i  taken up in committee, or on its second
reading, they postpone the preamble until tile other part? of
J'e through. The reason is, that, 011 consid-
eration of tlie body of the bill, buch alterations may therein
De^made as may also occasion tile alteiation of the pream-
1 appeal from the decision of the
Chair that an amendment is now in order to the
preamble, th^ mam question having been ordered
o e put. i he resolutions have been voted on
under the operation of the previous question, and
I hold that the previous question is not exhausted
until we have voted on the preamble.
The SPEAKER. Inasmuch as the previous
question was' ordered on the resolutions, which
were alone submitted to the House, it does not
apply to tliV preamble,. The Chair rules the
amendment in-order.
Mr. PfiAJR.CE. I move that the appeal be laid
on the table.
The question was taken, and the motion was
agreed to; there being on a division—ayes 136,
noes 28.
So the appeal was laid on the table.
Mr. DUNN. I invite the careful attention of
the House to the phraseology of the amend-
ment.
I ask that it be read.
The amendment was read.
Mr. DUNN. I ask the indulgence of the House
to make a single remark. The resolutions upon
which votes have been taken were deductions
from facts to which they referred. Those facts
are set forth in the original preamble. Now,
what were the facts reported to the House in that
preamble in reference to Mr. Keitt ? The pre-
ambli^tonds in the place of the indictment, and
the eVHftec amounts to nothing.
M r.TTA MP BELL, of Ohio. I have no par-
ticular objection to hearing the gentleman from
Indiana; but I refused to withdraw the demand
for the previous question this morning for another
gentleman, and I must insist on it now. I do not
do it from any want of respect for the gentleman,
but I feel it my duty to do it.
Mr. DUNN. I present this matter as a point
of order, Mr. Speaker, and if I am out of order
otherwise, I suppose I have a right to present it
to the Speaker for his decision and the judgment
of the House.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman has aright
to present the question as a point of order.
Mr. SEWARD. There was no objection to
the gentleman occupying the floor when he got
up, and 1 maintain that the objection comes too
late now.
Mr. DUNN. I do not want to engage in gen-
eral discussion. It is a point of order alone that 1
wish to call the attention of the House to, for
surely members have some protection here as to
what they have once recorded by their votes.
Mr. CAMPBELL. The Journal will show all
the facts.
Mr. DUNN. The facts reported in reference to
Mr. Keitt, and from which the resolution which
has been adopted was a deduction, were these and
these only: That he had been informed of the con-
templated attack, knew of it, and was present
when it occurred. Present m what character?
As a witness, and in no other character. The
rule holds in pleadings as in suits, that where an
express purpose is mentioned, every other pur-
pose is excluded; there is no inference. Well,
sir, the purpose stated was, that he was there as a
vfitness, and that excludes every thingelse. There
was no other evidence before the House when
we voted on that resolution. I am confining my-
self strictly to the record, and the record is the
preamble. What is m the report otherwise than
in the preamble, amounts to nothing, because the
resolutions refer to the preamble. It is the in-
dictment. Now, when we were called on to vote
on the resolution, we were called upon to say
whether this House disapproved of Ins conduct
m that transaction, so far as that conduct was
detailed to the House in the preamble. What
was it? I have mentioned it; it was, that he
knew the assault was contemplated, and did not
interfere to prevent it.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio, (interrupting.) I
will relieve the gentleman from Indiana from his
difficulty, if^he will yield to me for one moment.
Mr. DUNN. If the gentleman thinks he can
remove the difficulty, I will yield for that pur-
pose.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I withdraw the demand
for the previous question; and, in lieu of the
amendment which I have offered, I move to
amend the latter part of the preamble by striking;
out the words, <£ Henry A. Edmundson, a Rep-
resentative from the State of Virginia," where
they occur, and changing- the phraseology so as
to make it conform to that alteration.
Mr' That is a11 rlSiu- With that I
am satisfied.
pre-
Mr. CAMPBELL. I now demand the
vious question'.
Mr. HOUSTON. I ask that the preamble may
be read as it will stand if it is amended as pro-
posed.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I ask that it be read
as it will stand if amended; and I ask, farther,
that the paragraph of the report immediately
preceding the preamble may be read.
The SPEAKER. It is not competent, pending
the call for the previous question, to have any
portion of the report read.
Mr,, JONES, of Tennessee. I ask that the
preamble, as it now stands, may be read.
The preamble as it would reaa if amended was
then read, as follows:
Whereas, the Senate of the United States have trans-
mitted to this Rouse a message, complaining that Preston
S. Brooks, a Representative from the State of South Car-
olina, committed upon the person of Charles Sumner, a
Senator from the State of Massachusetts, while seated at
his desk in the Senate Chamber, after the adjournment of
that body on the 22d of May last, a violent assault, which
disabled him from attending to his duties in the Senate, and
declaring that the said assault was a breach of the privileges
of that body: And whereas, from respect to the privileges
of the House, the Senate have further declared that, inas-
much as the said Preston S. Brooks m a member of this
House, they cannot arrest, and, & fortiori, cannot try or
punish him for a breach of their privileges; that they can-
not proceed further in the case than to make their complaint
t o this House ; and that the power to arrest, try, and punish
devolves solely on this body: And whereas, upon full
investigation, it appears to this House that the said Preston
S, Brooks has been guilty of the assault complained of by
the Senate, with most aggravated circumstances of violence;
that the same was a breach of the privileges, not only of
the Senate, but of the Senator assailed, and of this House,
as a coordinate branch of the legislative department of
Government, in direct violation of the Constitution of the
United States, which declares that Senators and Represent-
atives, " for any spccch or debate in either House shall not
be questioned in any other place:" And whereas, this
House is of opinion that it has the power, and ought to
punish the said Preston S. Bkooks for the said assault, not
only as a breach of the privileges of the Senator assailed,
and of the Senate and House, as declared by the Constitu-
tion, but as an act of disorderly behavior: And whereas, it
further appears, from such investigation, that Lawrence
M. Keitt, a Representative from the State of South Car-
olina, some time previous to the said assault, was informed
that it was the puipose of the said Preston S. Brooks to
commit violence upon tbe person of said Charles Sumner,
for words used by him in debate, as a Senator, m the Sen-
ate, and took no measures to discourage or prevent the
same; but, on the contrary, anticipatinjthe commission of
such violence, was present, on one or more occasions, to
witness the same, as a friend of the assailant: Therefore—
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I would suggest
that this preamble has reference to something
which does not appear in the proceedings. -
Mr. CAMPBELL. Well, I will trust to that.
Mr. "WALKER, Is it in order to move an
amendment?
The SPEAKER. It is not, pending the call
for the previous question.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered; and, under the operation
thereof, the amendment was agreed to.
The question recurred on the adoption of the
preamble as amended.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee, called for the yeas
and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and was decided in
the affirmative—yeas 104, nays 83; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Albright, Allison, Ball, Barbour, Henry
Bennett, Benson, Bilhnghurst, Bingham, Bliss, Bradshaw,
Bienton, Bul!mton,Burhrigame, James H. Campbell, Lewis
1) Campbell, Chaffee, Bayard Clarke, Ezra Clark, Claw-
son, Colfax, Comms, Covodc, Cragin, Cullen, Cumback
Damrell, Timothy Davis. Day, Dean, De Witt, Dick, Dick-
son, Dodd, Dunn, Durfee, Edie, Edwards, Emue, Gallo-
way, (ridding-?, Gilbert, Granger, Grow, Robert B. Hall,
Harlan, Haven, Hickman, Holloway, Thomas R. Ilorton,
A alentme B. Horton, Howard, Hughston, Kelsey, King,
Knapp, Knight, Knovvlton, Knox, Letter, Matteson, Killian
Miliei, Mooie, Moigan, Morrill, Mott, Murray, Nichols,
Norton, Andiew Oliver, Parker, Pel ton, Pennington, Perrv,
Petut, Pike, Pringle. Purviance, Ritchie. Bobbins, Roberts
Kohison, teabm., Sapp, Scott, Sherman, Simmons, Spinner,
Stanton, Stranahan. Tappan, Thonngton, Todd, Trafton,
Wade, Wakcman, Walbndge, Waldron, Elhim B. Wash-
buinc,Israel Washburn, Watson, Welch, Wells, Wood,
and Woodruff—104. '
NAYS —Messrs. Aiken, Allen, Barksdalc, Hendley S.
Bennett, Bocock, Bowie, Boyce, Broom, Burnett, Cadwal-
ader, John P. Campbell, Carhle, Carutliers, Caskie, Clmg-
man, Howell Cobb, Williamson R. W. Cobb, Cox, Oraige,
Crawford, Davidson, Denver, Dowdeil, Elliott, Eustis,
Florence. Goodp, Greenwood, Augustus Hall, J. Morrison
Harris, Sampson W. Harris, Thomas L. Hams, Hoffman,
Houston, Jewett, George W.Jones, J. Cflancy Jones Kelly,
Kidwell, Lake, Letcher, Lumpkin, Samuel S. Marshall,
Maxwell, McMullin, McQ,uccn, Smith Miller, Mordecai
Oliver. Orr, Packer, Peck, Phelps, Powell, Purvear, Quit-
man, Ready, Ricaud, Rivers, Ruffin, Rust, Sandidge, Sav-
age, Seward, Shorter, Samuel A. Smith, William Smith,
Sneed, Stephens, Stewart, Swope., Taibott, Taylor, Trippe,
