December 18,
country Believed that there Was such,a state of-
affairs existing that promised peace on this ques-
tion for all time to come. They had heard the
President declare that no act of his should go to
disturb the harmony that pervaded the Union.
The people thus believed and voted, and per-
mitted themselves to be deceived. They sent
here those who thought proper to disturb the har-
mony of the country by taking land from free-
dom, called "Nebraska and Kansas.
Mr. ORR. I should like to ask the gentleman
from Pennsylvania, from whence the'Government
of the United States acquired the country em-
braced-within the.existing Territories of Kansas
and Nebraska?
" Mr. ALLISON. By purchase, I suppose.
Mr. ORR. From whom ? -
' Mr. ALLISON. France.
Mr. ORR.- Was it not slave territory when it
was purchased r
Mr. ALLISON. There were slaves there.
' Mr. ORR. Slavery existed there at the time
of the purchase from France ?
' Mr. ALLISON. Certainly.
Mr. ORR.. Then by the compromise of 1820
gentlemen took from slavery—as he chooses to
put it in these terms—that which belonged to
slavery; and now, when itis taken back, lie says
that we have deprived" freedom of that to which
she was entitled.
Mr. ALLISON. It was a compromise forced
upon the country by southern votes; but gen-
tlemen did not stand to their own bargain. And
1 have heard gentlemen here taunt us thus: why,
say they, you refused to stand by that compro-
mise for many years, and because you refused
to stand by it, we will take from you the little
that you were allowed to have. That is the kind
of justice that is to be meted out to us. You
drove us into a compromise contrary to the prin-
ciples of right and justice. You gave us a por-
tion, a small portion, and,when you had the
power again, snatched even that small portion
from us. Are we to be put off thus? Are we of
the North to bo taunted, because our constituents
arc not willing to abide by such action ? No, sir;
the time has come when the people of the North
are determined that northern sentiment shall have
justice done it. To be sure it was a Territory in
which slavery did exist. That is true; but by
the compromise of 1820 a large portion of it was
dedicated to freedom, and that, too, by a solemn
compact. At that time it was supposed many
years would elapse before the Territory would
be inhabited; but just as freedom was about to
have some portion of it, when it was to realize
some of the benefits of the compromise, a power
steps in, and takes that which under the com-
pact justly belonged to her. And yet gentlemen
ask us to acquiesce in the wrong that has been
done us. There are honorable gentlemen here
from the South who acknowledged this wrong,
and who deprecated the act at the time of its
commission. They believed it to be an injustice,
and that it would open the flood-gates of agita-
tion and bitter feeling. They believed that it
was an apple of discord thrown among the people;
yet our constituents are condemned for sending
here those who reflect their sentiments.
Mr. JONES. iVamo the southern men to whom
you allude' Are they Whigs or Democrats?
Mr. ALLISON. I will attend to my col-
league's question at some future time. If he
will call at my room I will furnish him with all
the information of the kind which he may de-
sire.
Mr. FLORENCE. With my colleague's per-
mission, I would ask the Clerk how long my
colleague can retain the floor, and farm it out to
gentlemen to make speeches? I understand that
my colleague [Mr. Jones] yielded it to him for
the purpose of asking him some questions.
The CLERK. The Clerk will reply to the
gentleman from Pennsylvania that there are now
no rules in force, and that a gentleman can retain
the floor as long as it is the pleasure of the
House to allow him to do so.
Mr. FLORENCE. I want to ask my col-
league from tlie Schuylkill district [Mr. Camp-
bell] some questions which are pertinent to the
subject-matter of his remarks. I am desirous
of explaining in reference to what he said which
was personal to myself. I ask my colleague to
permit mo to do so some time during the day.
[Laughter.] I should like to' have-made clear
what is so mysterious in this farming-out of the
floor.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I hope my colleague may
have the opportunity for explanation which he
asks. [Cries of " Call the roil!" "Let us ad-
journ," &c.]
Mr.McMULLIN. The gentleman from Penn-
sylvania lias finished. Who has the floor, Mr.
Clerk?
The CLERK. , The gentleman from Pennsyl-
vania, the Clerk understands, still retains the
floor.
Mr. JONES. When the House shows an un-
willingness to further entertain a discussion of a
question before it, in my opinion it is then high
time that an end should be put to it. I have
done. *
Mr. CLERK. The gentleman from Tennessee
is recognized by the Clerk.
Mr. FLORENCE. I hope he will yield to
me, for the purpose which I have suggested.
Mr. ETHERIDGE. Mr. Clerk, I did not get
the floor to yield it, but for the purpose of' using
it. And permit me to say, sir, that the spectacle
of this political "love feast" demands that some-
body should use it effectually. We need some
repose after the hard, intellectual exertions of the
morning. [Laughter.] We have listened to
most able and elaborate efforts from that most
prolific political family of Maine. [Renewed
laughter.] And every politician from the key-
stone State has been playing the part of witness,
or lawyer taking and giving depositions. It is
obvious to us all that we are not making any
progress, and I suppose this thing of taking po-
litical depositions is to go on ad infinitum; and
the result is, that the gentleman from Massachu-
setts [Mr. Banks] and the gentleman from Penn-
sylvania [Mr. Fuller] and the gentleman from
Illinois, [Mr. Richardson,] who are seeking the
high honors of the Speakership, are completely
thrown into the back-ground. They may all
say—"Save me from my friends." [Laughter.]
NAv, sir, we have been in session about two
hours. No vote has yet been taken for Speaker,
and I know what has been said this morning will
be as much as the people can digest in the next
three or four days: therefore I suggest that uni-
versal panacea for the diseases of all legislative
bodies, and that is an adjournment. [Laughter,
and cri"s of " Let us adjourn !" " Call the roll!"]
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I would ask the
gentleman to withdraw his motion for a moment?
Mr. ETHERIDGE. If I withdraw the mo-
tion to adjourn, will the gentleman renew it when
he has finished his remarks?
Mr. SMITH. I will.
Mr. ETHERIDGE. Then I withdraw it.
Mr. SMITH. Mr. Clerk, I desire to ask the
gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. Campbell] a
question or two. I presume that it will be con-
ceded by every gentleman in the Hall to be im-
portant that we should ascertain the exact opin-
ions and sentiments of the members who are
voting for the various candidates for the Speaker-
ship. The gentleman from the Schuylkill district
[Mr. Campbell] said, if I understood him aright,
that he was voting for Mr. Banks as an American.
Did I understand the gentleman aright?
Mr. CAMPBELL assented.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. The gentleman
says I did understand him aright. I then ask
him if Mr. Banks did not quit the American party
last fall?
Mr. CAMPBELL. Not to my knowledge.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. Not to your knowl-
edge ?
Mr. CAMPBELL. No, sir.
Mr. SMITH. I ask the gentleman if he does
not know, or if it be not the fact—and lam seek-
ing information now—that Mr. Banks voted for
and supported Mr. Rockwell, and against Mr.
Gardiner this fall' Is the gentleman informed
upon that subject?
Mr. CAMPBELL. I have heard about that
matter, but I can only answer that I do not know.
Mr. SMITH. The gentleman does not know
because he was not present when the vote was
cast. He is no doubt perfectly satisfied that. Mr.
Banks left the American party last fall. I pre-
sume he is perfectly satisfied that-Mr. Banks
supported Mr. Rockwell against Mr. Gardiner,
and yet I understand him to tell this House that
he is supporting Mr. Banks because he is an
American.
Mr. CAMPBELL. Will the gentleman let me
ask him a question now ?  
Mr. SMITH. Certainly.
Mr. CAMPBELL. Was not the gentleman
elected as an American ? Will he answer that
question ?
Mr. SMITH. Yes, sir.
Mr. CAMPBELL. You were?
Mr. SMITH. No, sir, I was not.
Mr. CAMPBELL. Not elected as an Ameri-
can !
Mr. SMITH. I will enlighten the gentleman.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I would like to be enlight-
ened upon that point. I have been wanting to
know why the gentleman has been voting for
Mr. Richardson when he was elected as an
American.
Mr. SMITH. Yes, sir. The gentleman is not
well informed of my history. I have always
supported the Democratic party. I always during
'my canvass, from every stand from which I ad-
dressed my fellow-citizens, proclaimed that I was
an old ironsides Democrat, that I was not a Know
Nothing, and that I had never even sought ad-
mission into the order. I proclaimed that, I say,
in every speech that I made. I went further,
Mr. Clerk, and gentlemen of this House, and
said that I was against the secrecy that prevailed
in the organization. I went further still, and said
that while there was nothing in their platform
that was not the echo of Mr, Jefferson's cele-
brated act establishing religious freedom, yet
there was a purpose to practice proscription, and
I was opposed to that. But I said this—and I
proclaim it in this Hall—I said, in every speech
I made, that the ninth and eleventh basis princi-
ples, as proclaimed by the Virginia Know Noth-
ings, were sound Democratic doctrine? and that
doctrine was to pledge the whole of the American
party to support a strict construction of the Con-
stitution.
Mr. GIDDINGS. Will the gentleman say
whether he voted for Mr. Wise? [Cries of
" That's it," and laughter.]
Mr. SMITH. One thing at a time, sir.
[Laughter.] The gentleman knows that, well
enough. I said, further, that in reference to for-
eignism, the sentiments that were promulged in
the basis principles of the American party of Vir-
ginia were principles that I could approve. I,
said, my countrymen, and I wish it to be heard
everywhere, that in Virginia, the representative
of a minority section of this Union, the Know
Nothings, upon the principles there promulged,
were to be looked upon as allies, and not as ene-
mies. I said that I would not abuse them; that I
would not denounce them; that if they were in
error, I would reason with them as brothers, but
I would not quarrel with them. That is what I
said, and it has been the labor of all my feeble
exertions for the last cwo years to try and make
the whole southern population a unit, that it
might be reared up as a breastwork of living
and intelligent fire to stay the foul tide of fanati-
cism.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Pennsylvania. Will the
gentleman allow me to ask him another question ?
Mr. SMITH. I suppose you understand my
position now.
Mr. CAMPBELL. . I would like to ask tho
gentleman if he did not call at the office of the
American Organ in the city of Washington 
Mr. SMITH, (interrupting.) Often, sir.
Mr. CAMPBELL. And did he not say to the
editors that he agreed in sentiment with the views
of those gentlemen , as expressed in their paper ?
Mr. SMITH. I never said anything on the
subject except what I have stated here, and that
I said throughout the length and breadth of my
district. Any more questions ?
Mr. GIDDINGS. I would only ask the gen-
tleman if he voted for Wise?
Mr. SMITH. I did not. Is the gentleman
i satisfied >
Mr. GIDDINGS. Perfectly. [Laughter.]
Mr. SMITH. I did not vote for Mr. Wise.
The reasons will perhaps be given, and I doubt
not they will prove satisfactory to my constitu-
ents. I did not vote for Mr. Wise, nor did I
vote for his adversary. I chose to adopt in that
canvass, quoadhoc, a " masterly inactivity, "if you
choose, and you can make the most of it.
