32
APPENDIX TO THE GONGRESSIQNAL GLOBE.
[December 20,
34th Cong....1st Sess. Organization of the House—Mr. Cox, Mr. Reade, Mr. Letcher, etc. Ho. op Reps.
any parties at the South, it is wholly unknown to
me. The South is ready to defend the Constitu-
tion and the laws as they now stand. The North
has the advantage of us in population, and in the
facility with which our Yankee friends can move
about. Wc southern men cannot travel as easily
as northern men can. They go from placc to
place with the facility of the swallow in spring
and fall. They rush into these Territories and
take possession of them; and we say. to the
North, let your people go there; let them go th^e
with theiranti-slavery sentiments and settle there;
let them provide, if a majority so decide in their
constitutions, that they will have no slavery, and
we, as honorable men, will stand here under the
Constitution, and let them come in as free States.
When you tell me that that will not do, and that
you intend to put a restriction on the Territories,
1 say to you that upon that subject the South is
a unit, and will not submit to any such thing.
You do not understand that, or you would not
press it so pertinaciously.
A gentleman near me says, that they have npt
said a word yet about the restoration of the Mis-
souri compromise line. Well, they have given one j
hundred and six votes in this House, and the res- '
toration of the Missouri compromise is the basis
of the union of those one hundred and six members;
and when the gentleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr.
Fuller,] with a manliness, an independence, and
a nationality, for which I thank him and feel grate-
ful, gets up and places himself upon a national
platform, and says that he is willing to abide by
the Constitution and by the laws, some northern
men, who had previously supported him, rise up
■ and declare that, had they known his position,
their right arms should have dropped from their
sockets before they would have supported him !
Do you call that backing your friends? It is not
the right sort of backing. It is backing out. The
idea upon which the union of these northern gen-
tlemen is based, is an unceasing agitation of the
slavery question; they seek first to restrict the
Territories, and then the Lord only knows how
far they will go. We can never unite upon such
a platform. I say it boldly and independently
tliat, bitter as the dose would be, I would rather
vote for an Administration Democrat than for a
man belonging to that school of politics. |
And now, Mr. Clef k > I have a fair suggestion
to make I am not authorized by any man, or
by any party in this House, to make it, but the
gentleman from Virginia [Mr. McMullinJ says
that it would be magnanimity on the part of this
little band of Americans to come over to the
Democrats. We are but a small and feeble partv,
(,m point of numbers,) contending against two
large and powerful parties. If, then, the gentle-
roan fro.W  Virginia syid his friends want to be
magnanimous, let th^m come over to us, and
unite with us upon a national man of our party—
a man whose principles upop the southern ques- 1
tion cannot be doubted by southern men—?uid by
the aid of that Democratic phalanx we will elect
him Speaker of*this House, and thus relieve our-
selves from the feasibility which now rests
upon us and place those men who intend to
agitate the country jmon the slavery question in
^ msk'r'™*
obstacles in the way of the election of an Admin
istration Democratic Speaker-the of
e Administration, and the resolutions of the
StrrCnCaUCUS-WOuId disable us frombrirg
ing to the Democratic support a power sufficient
to elect a Democratic Speaker of this House - and
I declare to you, if I to-day would go over to the
Democratic support, I could not carry with me
sufficient support to elect a Democrats Speaker
But I say to gentlemen of the Democratic partv'
if they will walk over to the national m°n of thn
American party, we can elect a Speaker and defeat
the sectionalism of the North; and I savfl, f
ought to do it, [Laughter.] Come ove^nd slfow
your magnanimity once. [Laughter. 1
[ilughtefj We C°me °Ver'Wil1 >'ou ^ear us?
Mr- CQX. No, we won't swear you, because
we might not be able to trust you afterwards
[Laughter.] But the gentlemen will receive that
remark in the spirit in which it is made. I will
111 XIX n lliVll Jib • JL Hill
tell you what we will do with you, we will jyit
: you upon your honor.
]V[r. READE. With all the solemnity of an
oath and a dying declaration ?
Mr. COX. Yes, put you upon your dying dec-
laration. [Laughter.] Mr. Clerk, I have made
the suggestion I intended to make in reference to
the present position of parties. I have endeav-
ored to show that, by no possibility, could there
be, in my judgment, any union and affiliation
between the Free-Soiiers, the Black Republicans,
or whatever they may call themselves, and the
■ American party properly so called. I have en-
deavored tp show, and I believe it true, that every
man who claims to be an American, and has taken
upon, himself the additional and cumulative prin-
, ciple and purpose of "abolition, "is un-American-
ized-—thrown out of that party—is unrecognized,
and is not treated as a Know Nothing. He is
abolitionized completely. I have attempted to
show that there can be no unioq between that
party, or jnen entertaining such puj-poses, and
the American party here. '
I have also endeavored to show, as we now
stand, that thefe seems to be a difficulty in any
connection between the Democratic party (so
called) in this House and the American party.
Gentlemen have' pride in the matter; they do not
like to surrender to us, a mere handful as it were.
It would be very agreeable to them, no doubt, if
we would surrender and have the yoke put upon
our necks. But we cannot do that. There is
nothing practical in such a course; and I tell
I you, if we should do it, we would have no force
! or power sufficient to elect a Speaker. Well, we
have no desire to do it, either, and I want you
to understand it. [Laughter.] But the thing is
not practicable, and therefore it is not worth while
to talk about it. I want you to understand that
the responsibility of organizing this House upon
the basis of the Constitution, and according1 Iq
the southern construction of the Constitution, is
uponyou, Democratic gentlemen. You can do
it. You can, within one hour from this time,
elect a man of this House for Speaker, "who stands ■
upon the Constitution, and who is opposed to '
the agitation of the subject of slavery in any form ;
or ^hape, and who will support the Constitution i
with all its guaranties.
Mr. LETCHER. I wish to interrupt the gen-
tleman just here, as this seems to be an odd sort
of arithmetic he uses, and which I do not under-
stand. The gentleman has endeavored to demon-
strate to this House that if the members of his :
creed should come over to the Democratic side, !
they combined could not elect a Speaker; but
tnat if the Democrats should come over to the
National party, they, combined, can elect. Now,
"nderstand that sort of arithmetic!
Mr. COX. If the gentle man understands my
explanation as badly as he has understood what
1 have said, he never will be relieved from his
ignorance. I say we have not the power to carry
over our whole Strength to the Democrats. That
ts what I said, and I said it repeatedly. You
place yourselves in such a position, and the his-
tory of the Administration is such, it is impos-
, sible to carry the strength of the American party
oyer to you. r'
MATCHER. Well, as I understand it,
Eenffi A01t)e over to ws> because we !
lir h® °™ces'and your men want them.
Mr. COX. Oh, no. I
th^.ffiLETtlHER' they <3° not care about ;
MrCO*ynca;?TuheyJote for our men •'
Mr. COX. God forbid that there should be
1 ask nothi«g> and I never ,
peonfe Sf] ,at7thlnS except at the hands of the !
™e a out Place ! That is the
aimcmty with some men, and, I fear, some i
!u^,es and parties; but, thank God, it is not so
with old Kentucky. There is, I believe a cub !
yTy c,^eoffit0Ti1Ue' hH1'1 heUeve' tb'ere are
J l7 p J , e h°Wers there. We have verv
W> fn office holders in Kentucky. We
mentC0 Y^.ratlvelJ «o patronage of this Govern-
ment. You spend millions every year on tL
sea-boards but not a cent in old ffiuckv F
believe, with the exception of a township of land
in Florida, about which we quarreled ten years
or more, and some small appropriations to im-
Erove our border rivers, and some stock in the
lOuisville and Portland canal, Kentucky has
i | never received one dollar from the Federal Treas-
!! ury. Our people do not come here and ask you
I to pass laws for us. Wc are independent in our
j own resources. Weraise our own produce, sell-
j| ing what we do not consume, and live in a sort
! of independence at home, which makes us free,
ji You have never known us to ask anything by
! petition.
Can you say the same thing of the North?
j They besiege these Halls with petitions about
J slavery in places where they do not reside, and
, about an institution which they never saw, for if
j j they had seen it they would never have petitioned
in reference to it. You are deceived in reference
j to that institution. If you could see the sons of
Ham in their condition of servitude, well clothed
and provided with all the necessaries of life,
I worshiping their Maker on the Sabbath in their
own congregations, and without restraint, and
then behold them practicing all the horrors of
cannibalism in the wilds of Africa, and compare
their condition in this country with that in tneir
native land, you would feel and think far differ-
ently from what you now do. Yours is an in-
( terfcrence in reference tq a matter which exists
only with us, while we ask nothing.
I suppose the gentleman charges the American
party with a desire to obtain the emoluments of
the offices of the House, from a knowledge of
the love for, and tenacity with which his party
holdg on to them. Thus, on one hand, the
desire of the North to interfere in the institution^
of the South precludes cooperation on our part
with a large party in this House; while on the
other, I fear the love of office prevents a mag-
nanimous display of nationality on the other.
Now, sir, we want no office, we as.k no office.
The Democratic party, who elect the Speaker,
may take the responsibility of the offices. So
far as I am concerned—and I think I can get.
twenty or thirty of my friends to go with me
and say to the Democrats of the House, we will
, stand back until you are all satisfied before we
take any position upon any committee whatever
[Several voices, "Amen."] My friends around
me say Amen. That is our sentiment. Elect
whom you please; we want no offices. We want
; a? ®'Sanlzlat^on> but we want it upon el basis that
siia/i put down all sectional agitation.
Mr. READY. Will the gentleman from Ken-
way t(! enal),e me to submit a motion
I that the House adjourn?
Mr. COX. I have something more to say.
Mr" ETHERIDr/^T^VH1 P^P°9e-
t, I yielded the floor to
the gentleman from Kentucky. I hope he will
n°t y^ld it for a motion to adjourn.
Mr. COX. I did obtain the floor by the
courtesy of the gentleman from Tennessee, and
therefore have no right to yield it without his
raws JUr*** °r,h"e
A Member. Write it out.
WhS lIL f°' sirV 1 H not want t0 write
W hat 1 have to say I prefer to talk right out
There is one thing connected with our efforts for
1 le'edr "i'11 °Sf As;
1 mistaken, old protection Whigs from Pennsvl-
JZedt vo£ ?eVen"y red'and ha"" «-
chussetts Mr R he ?ent'eman from Massa-
nussetts, [Mr. Banks,] a man whose whole
history has been hostility to the principle of nro-
practice0 mTth* manufactu$.es> whose constant
EdTrecStn energies of whose soul have
oeen directed to crush out what has been ree-anW
as the controlling interest of these very men and
the people whom they represent. I confess that it
is a matter that has fillecf me with some suroril
_ How is it that Pennsylvania, with her coal and
T|'1C!} ar® the objects dearest to her heart
should be found voting for a Speaker ip faVor of
removing the protective dutv upon iron altogether?
It appears to me that the only inferenfe that
