1855.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
33'
34th Cong....1st Sess. Organization of the House—Mr. Jones, of Perm., Mr. Cox, etc.
Ho. of Reps.
can be drawn from such facts is, that the sec-
tions] fee I in <r of those gentlemen on the subject
of aiiti-sla very agitation is paramount to all others,
even to fostering the industry and prosperity of
their own constituents.
Mr. JONES, of Pennsylvania, (interrupting.)
I understood that the honorable gentleman from
Kentucky expressed the opinion that the Demo-
cratic party, standing upon the same platform,
with regard to the question of slavery, with the
party with which he acts, should come over and
vote for their candidate: in other words, he can
see no obstacle in the way of the Democratic
rwty coming over and voting for Mr. Fuller.
will tell him one obstacle in the way of arriving
at that result. It is this: no man could have been
better pleased than I was to hear my colleague
[Mr. Fuller] take theground which hedid yester-
day, because it was the first step towards a sound
political position; but still there is much want-
ing. If those gentlemen from the South, calling
themselves the American party, are willing to plant
themselves upon the declaration that they simply
are not in favor of the restoration of the Missouri
restriction, that is so for good. But the difficulty is
still to be overcome. The act of 1854, known as
the Kansas and Nebraska act, is not direct legis-
lation at all. It is merely a legislative declaration
that the acts of 1850, commonly called the com-
promise measures, were inconsistent with the
act establishing the Missouri line of 1820, and
that, consequently, the said act of 1820 was in-
operative and void. It did not pretend to repeal
the Missouri restriction, but merely to declare it
void by virtue of the acts of 1850. It asserted
that by the compromise measures of 1850 the
principle of non-interference with slavery in the
Territories was established, and that this prin-
ciple must apply to all Territories hereafter to be
organized as well as to Kansas and Nebraska.
My honorable colleague at first said that he
was not in favor of the repeal of the Missouri
compromise at the time it took place; he referred
to 1854; it took place in 1850. Very good. I
was about to suggest to gentlemen from the
North of the Know Nothing party, that they
might vote for him on that principle. He says
now that he is not in favor of the restoration of
that line, and gives as a reason, that he is against
agitation. The southern Know Nothings vote
for him on this principle; but if he will go still fur-
ther, and say, as the national Democracy have
said, that he is in favor of applying the principle
to all future unorganized Territories, he will
then stand on their platform. Now, let me call
the attention of my honorable friend from Ken-
tucky to the difficulty in his way of voting for
the Democratic candidate for Speaker. The only
obstacle in the way, as I understand him, is, that
our resolution is disrespectful.
Mr. COX. Not at all.
Mr. JONES. I have repeatedly stated that it
was never intended to be disrespectful, and yet I
understand this was the obstacle. I will ask the
fentleman from Kentucky a grave question. Do
understand the gentleman to state that he and
those who act with him are in favor of the prin-
ciples embodied in the Democratic platform, and
that the only obstacle in the way of joining with
the Democrats is the offense which the resolution
gives, in speaking of his party as Know Nothings,*
and the enemies of civil and religious liberty,
yhich they apply to themselves? Do those reso-
lutions of the Democratic caucus embrace the
principles professed by southern men.' Is it be-
cause the words are offensive, or that it contains
$ principle to which they are unwilling to sub-
scribe, that they refuse to stand upon the platform
with us? "We regard these two questions as equal
and alike. We consider it unconstitutional to
deprive any section of the country, or any class
of individuals, of the rights guarantied to them
under the Constitution; we consider it unconsti-
tutional to deprive any of our citizens, either na-
tive or adopted, of their right to civil and reUgious
liberty which has been guarantied to them under
the Constitution. One is as mueh a violation of
the Constitution as the other. These are our
principles, and they are embodied ia our resolu-
tions. This I now say distinctly, and I hope
I shall not be called on for a repetition of the
statement. The Democrats must be allowed to
New Series—No. .3
express their sentiments, and they do so without
intending offense to any one. We are in the mi-
nority, and we ask that you will not deprive us
of the humble privilege of proclaiming what it is
that we believe. The responsibility of organiza-
tion is with you. Our responsibility is to stand
or fall with our principles. [Applause.]
Mr. COX. The gentleman from Pennsylvania
[Mr. Jones] says that his difficulty in voting
with the American party, is in the fact that they
entertain, as he says, some principles hostile to
civil and religious liberty.
Mr. JONES. If the American party does not
entertain these sentiments of hostility to civil and
religious liberty, then the resolution does not
apply to them?
Mr. COX. Another difficulty with the gentle-
man is, that he understands that the compromise
measures of 1850, and the Kansas-Nebraska bill,
embrace a principle that ought to be carried out
in the entire territorial legislation of the country.
Do I understand the gentleman correctly ? If I
am correct in my understanding, I woufli then ask
the gentleman whether he is for repealing the
restrictive laws which now have force in Minneso-
ta, Oregon, and Washington Territories?
Mr. .TONES. I will answer my friend. I will
make this preliminary remark: I am always pre-
pared to vote on a question when it practically
arises.
Mr. COX. That is satisfactory to me.
Mr. JONES. But it is not to me. I do not
want the gentleman to go off half-cocked with
that as my answer. I will tell the gentleman that
while I do not favor ex post facto laws; that while
I would not be in favor of bringing up the ques-
tion of the reorganization of the Territories at the
instance of any State or of Congress, thereby
disturbing vested rights, still, if I am called on
in this Hall by what I believe to be the voice of a
majority of the people of Minnesota, Oregon, or
Washington, to apply the Nebraska principle to
those Territories, it shall have my vote. Being
satisfied that the principle is right, I say to the
gentleman that I am willing to carry this doctrine
out whenever the question comes in this manner
practically before us. I accompany this with the
remark that I only speak for myself in this
matter.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio. I will ask the
gentleman from Pennsylvania whether it is the
purpose of the party he represents, to vote for a
bill which may be introduced by some gentleman
who claims the right to go into any of the Terri-
tories with slaves, and which has for its object
the removal of the provision of the organic acts
of the Territories which now excludes them?
Will he and his party vote for that ? Say yes
or no.
Mr. JONES. I cannot answer the question
yes or no. I want the gentleman to deal fairly
with me, and not to ask me a question with so
long a preamble, and requiring so shortan answer.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I will strike out the pre-
amble, and put the naked question. If my friend
from South Carolina introduces a bill that a
southern man shall have the right to go with his
slaves into Minnesota, Oregon, and Washington,
as the right was given last session to go into
Kansas and Nebraska—if such a bill be intro-
duced, and it is put to a vote, will the gentle-
man and the party he represents vote for it ?
Mr. JONES. I will answer the gentleman if
he will allow me. I am not authorized to speak
for the Democratic party. I speak for myself
and my constituents, and to them I am respons-
ible. The national Democracy agree in organic
or fundamental principles; in all else each gen-
tleman can, without impeachment, exercise his
own taste, or indulge his own fancy. 1 am not
authorized to speak for the party beyond its own
public declarations, or to say wnat they will do,
but I will tell the gentleman what I will do.
Mr. COX. Well, tell me.
Mr. JONES. I take the ground that the people
of the Territory, and of all Territories, should
have absolute control over this whole matter in
framing their State constitutions; and if they clect
a Delegate to this House on that question who,
in his place, will ask for it, I will vote for it.
[Cries of "That's right!" "That's enough!"]
Mr. COX. I want to say 
Mr. JONES. I want to ask my friend from
Ohio [Mr. Campbell] whether, if the people of
the Territory ofMinncsotacome here, and through
their Delegate ask him to allow them to have the
privilege of having slavery or not, as they please,
he will vote for that ?
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio. Never. [Ap-
plause.]
Mr. COX. I understood the answer of the
gentleman from Pennsylvania to the question put
by my friend from Ohio to be that he would do
whatever the people of the Territory desire shall
be done upon that subject. Well now, sir, that
is exactly the principle of the Kansas-Nebraska
bill as to the Territories, except that the restric-
tion of slavery now exists in the Territories of
Washington, Oregon, and Minnesota. But he
has never answered the question whether or not,
if a bill should be introduced into this House to
repeal the restriction upon those Territories, he
would vote for that bill.
I tell you, Mr. Clerk, and I say it upon my
responsibility to my constituents, that we desire
j no such thing. We desire the laws to remain
! as they are in relation to those Territories. We
: have pledged ourselves to the support of the prin-
ciple of abidlhg by the laws as they now stand.
We have never sought, I tell you again, to estab-
lish slavery in any Territory by the legislation
of Congress. You of the North, upon the con-
trary, have sought to abolish slavery there. You
have a majority of the population of this country.
We make no war upon your domestic institu-
tions. We leave you your State rights. But
because we ask the same thing for the people of
the South, you say that the South is aggressive.
Mr. DUNN, (interrupting.) Will my worthy
friend allow me to make a remark ?
Mr. COX. Certainly.
Mr. DUNN. Mr. Clerk, I am a native of Ken-
tucky; I love my native State, and her generous
and gallant people; her great history; her cher-
ished memories; her strange and wild traditions.
All my impressions on questions of right and
wrong, in a moral point, were there received.
They were deeply and strongly made. And, now,
will the gentleman allow me to inquire if it is not
true that nearly all of the great and good men of
that State, in her early days, in the pulpit, at the
bar, and in the Senate chambers, from all her
forums, did not habitually utter an earnest pro-
test against the institution of slavtry ? Did not the
expostulation come from the closetof herscholars?
Was it not a lesson taught in her school-rooms?
And was it not mingled with the voift of parental
affection at her firesides ?
Mr. COX. I will answer that question, and
answer it in all candor. I know my friend from
Indiana. He is from Kentucky, and belongs to
a family that I love and esteem. I admit that
many of the great men of Kentucky have gone
j against slavery in the abstract. They never nave
I asserted, however, that this nation has a right ta
\ control the institution. Not one of her divines
or great men have done such a thing; and if north-
ern fanatics had let Kentucky alone, in her hu-
manity and kind feeling, the probability is, that
she would now have been in the process of eman-
cipation. [Applause.] But by your fanaticism
and sectionalism you have driven her to investi-
gate more thoroughly the subject of slavery, both
as to its morality and the constitutional guarantees.
This investigation has led her to take herposition,
and now she stands upon the border as a wall
between the free and the slave States, and all her
sons have united in declaring that Kentucky does
not intend to be subject to domineering inter-
ference in her domestic affairs from any quarter
whatever.
Air. DUNN. If the gentleman will permit me,
I will put that right. He knows my purpose is
not to embarrass him here or at home, but is in
a spirit of perfect respect and friendliness for him.
It is very important that we should all understand
each other.
Mr. COX. I am aware of that. Go on.
Mr. DUNN. Then let me say that my friend
misunderstands the preseqX indications in the free
States, if he supposes they are of kin or in sym-
pathy with political abolitionism. It is but the
true, just, wise, and manly remonstrance of that
same anti-slavery sentiment which the gentleman
