mm
December 18,
JJjrth.. I, say, then,- if is our duty, our duly to
the country and to God, to draw up a distinct line
between the national sentiment and,the sectional
Sentiment of this House. It is said that it is to
be expected that thei'e should be at lea^t some
concession here of social or political prejudices.
There is no necessity for any, because, if I under-
stand it, sir, we can all agree upon regarding
slavery legislation, as it exists, as a, finality.
A Member." OK 110, we'cannot.
Mr. SMITH. Oh, I do not expect of course to
apply, that remark to the supporters of the gen-
tleman from Massachusetts, [Mr. Banks,] but I
speak of the other portion of the House, who
refuse to bend the knee to Baal. They can, at
least, combine on this great element of public
duty. The-question is, how can it be done? Here
the gentleman from Alabama [Mr. Walker] has
suggested one plan. There are other plans by
which it can be accomplished; for it is in the
power of this House, perfectly within its power,
if I understand aright its national sentiment, to
organize the House and start us in the career of
our public duties.
' Mr. LETCHER, (interrupting.) Will my
colleague allow me to interrupt him at this point?
Mr. KEITT and others.' Oh, do not interrupt
him-
, Mr. SMITH. I am not through yet.
Mr. LETCHER. I merely desire to make a
point for information. My colleague [Mr. Smith]
says he holds it to be important that the House
should organize, and that there is a way of or-
ganizing it. That mode of doing so which seems
to be best; in his estimation, is the one suggested
by the gentleman from Alabama, [Mr. Walker,]
in his remarks this morning; and' my colleague
says that there is a national platform, a national
organization, on which parties may unite and this
House may organize. Now I desire to know,
from my colleague, when he is talking aboutthis
nationul platform, and drawing the line of sepa-
ration between national men and sectional men,
whether it is not within his knowledge that at
this moment notices are inserted in the columns
of Whig and Know Nothing papers in Virginia,
from the president of the State council, calling
upon the subordinate lodges to send delegates to
Philadelphia, on the 22d of February next, to
nominate a candidate for President of the United
States? I ask my colleague to say still further,
whether in all that has been said on this floor,
any allusion has been made by southern Know
Nothings jn the way of reproach towards their
northern brethren, while the gentleman over the
way, and others have taken occasion to assail
the Democratic party as a sectional party, for its
vote for Mr. Richardson ? I desire to know
Whether, when this council meets at Philadel-
phia the i?2d of February next, the men who
went out of their council in June last, and re-
pudiated their platform, are to be received in full
communion, and be conferred with upon the
questions that are then and there to be considered ?
Mr. SMITH. Why, Mr. Clerk, and gentle-
men of the House, I can assure my colleague and
the members of the House, that I know nothing
more in reference to this matter than the gentle-
man from Virginia himself.
Mr. LETCHER. Does not the gentleman
know that a call for the election of delegates to
this convention has been published in the papers
all over our State ?
Mr. GIDDINGS. Let me ask the gentleman
a question,
Mr. SMITH. I will answer all the questions
gentlemen may see fit to ask, but first let me
answer my colleague, [Mr. Letcher.,] I say to
my colleague, and I say it in all candor, that I
know no more in respect to the matter of this
convention than himself. I have seen in the
papers, that, in conformity with resolutions
adopted by the convention held in Philadelphia
last June, delegates are being appointed to meet
in that city in February next; but I also see, from
various portions of the country, that the holding
of this convention meets with very decided oppo-
sition, as premature. I see opinions expressed
that, if the meeting is held, it will merely be one
of consultation, and not for the purpose of making
any nomination. That is all I see, and that is
all I know 011 the subject.
Then, as to the second question: has there
been any fault found by the northern Know
Nothings with the course. of the southern Know
Nothings upon this floor, or by the southern
Know Nothings with the course of those from
the Worth? I reply that there has been very little
said by one section either for or against the other.
The gentleman from Alabama, [Mr. Walker,]
however, this morning did speak of the course of
th* gentlemen from the North in terms of the
most decided reprobation.
Mr. L-ETCHEIR. As I understand it, Mr.
Banks does not belong to the American party.
Mr. SMITH. My; colleague has precisely the
same information vpon the subject that I have.
I have stated clearly and exactly the ground
upon which I acted' during my canvass, and he
knows as much about tlie conduct of the Ameri-
can party, or the position ofthe distinguished
gentleman from Massachusetts ^to whorn he has
referred, as I do. And now, having finished
what I have to say, I move, as I have promised
to move, that the House do now adjourn.
Mr. GIDDINGS. I ask the gentleman to
yield the floor to me.
Mr. SMITH. If the gentleman has any ques-
tion to ask, I yield with pleasure, and will an-
swer it with pleasure.
Mr. GIDDING-J. I have no question to ask
of the gentleman from Virginia. I wish the
floor to propound some questions" to the House
itself.
Mr. SMITH. I mean no discourtesy to the
gentleman from Ohio, but I am under a pledge
to the gentleman from Tennessee [Mr. Ether-
idge] to move to adjourn. That gentleman
yielded me the floor with that express under-
standing.
Mr. GIDDINGS. And now I ask the gentle-
man from Virginia to yield me the same cour-
tesy shown him by the gentleman from Tennes-
see.
Mr. SMITH. Again I say that I mean not
the slightest discourtesy to the gentleman from
Ohio, but I am under obligations to make the
motion which I have made. ,
Mr. GIDDINGS. Then I appeal to the
House.
The CLERK. Does the gentleman from Vir-
ginia withdraw his motion?
Mr. SMITH. I cannot. _
Several Members. Vote it down.
The question was taken, and the House re-
fused to adjourn.
Mr. GIDDINGS. My fellow-members: I
address you thus, because we have no other au-
thority or officer to whom I can address myself.
As yet we are in an unorganized condition. We
are without rules; we aretrithout officers; we
are without authority in this Hall. The people
are looking with the most intense interest for the
organization of this body. They are expecting
us to proceed to the momentous business which,
as their Representatives, we are bound to transact.
Sir, I am not under the circumstances disposed
to find fault with these explanations to which we
have listened for some two days past. I think
it is right end proper that gentlemen should place
their views before the country, that their con-
stituents may know and appreciate them. But
there is one thing that I dislike. With all del-
icacy I would suggest that, instead of using
terms and phrases upon which different individ-
uals may place different constructions, we should
speak of principle. Instead of using such terms
as Democrat and Whig, Know Nothing and
Free-Soiler, we should use language expressing
the sentiments and principles held by different
men. If we will come to that, we shall find that
we are not half so various in our sentiments as
we are when we use phrases 'implying anything
or nothing, according to the views of each indi-
vidual who listens to our remarks.
And there is another point to which I wish
most respectfully to reply. Y esterday we listened
to various remarks coming from different parts
of the Hall, from gentlemen from different parts
of the Union, but all having distinctive reference
to the North and South. Sir, that is a distinc-
tion which 110 man ever heard come from my
lips. It is upon principle, enduring, eternal, un-
yielding principle, that I place my whole, my
entire moral, political, and religious being. I
have no regard for parties, nor for sections, for
they mean nothing. It struck me, when my
friends from Pennsylvania upo  my right [Mr.
JokesJ and he upon my left [Mr. Allison] were
speaking this morning, that, if they had spoken
of principle, instead of party, they would have
found that there was very little difference between
them; they would have found common ground
upon which all could stand together.
And now I speak of this continual denunciation
of sectional views, and sectional feelings, and
sectional parties; they all come from a party
which has been repudiated by the people of the
country. They come from that minority of
seventy-four in this House. And these are the
gentlemen who propose here to the majority of
the House, that we shall resign and go home, if
they will. The proposition is unfair. We are
doing the work of "the country, for which our
constituents sent us here. We are endeavoring
to organize this House; they are endeavoring to
prevent an organization. To illustrate my idea,
I will remark that I am reminded of the criminal
standing upon the gallows, the rope fastened to
the beam over his head and around his neck, the
drop on which he stands sustained by a simple
cord, which the sheriff stands ready with his
hatchet to cut. "Now," says the criminal to
the sheriff, "if you will resign, I will, and we
will go home together, and appeal to the people!"
[Great laughter.] Gentlemen, let me tell you
that this Nebraska question has been tried before
the American people, and judgment has been
pronounced upon your conduct. And now
your insensibility of your own condition reminds
me of a theological writer—I think it was Sweden-
borg—who states that upon a certain time he
was entranced and carried to the other world,
where he met with a class of fogy's spirits that had
been in that world twenty, thirty, and even forty
years, but had not yet learned that they were
dead. [Shouts of laughter.] I mention this for
your instruction; I mention it for your edifica-
tion—for your good. I hope you will not forget
it, for I really think it would be more modest for
you to reserve such propositions while you are
in so small a minority.
I again come home to gentlemen here who are
the professed advocates of an institution which,
at the commencement of our Government, was
regarded by the fathers of that day as limited
and sectional, and whichis now still more limited
and more emphatically sectional than it was then.
They had the boldness to avow their sentiments;
and, on a former occasion, when this House was
in great confusion, tossed about on this slave
question, like the waves of the mighty deep
amid the storm that lashed them into fury—when
all the vituperation, and slander, and calumny,
of which mortal lips were capable, were hurled
at the devoted head of the Hon. John Quincy
Adams—"the old man eloquent"—I recollect
well that he rose in his place, despite slavehold-
ing detraction and slaveholding denunciation,
and the contempt of northern dough-faces, and
called on the Clerk to read the first paragraph
of the Declaration of American Independence.
I now wish to refresh the minds of my associates
here with the principles of that document, which
was penned by the great author of American
Republicanism, the apostle of American Democ-
racy. It is the first anti-slavery document that
I ever read. It runs in this vein:
" When, in tile course of human events, it becomes neces-
sary for one people to dissolve the political bands which
have bound them to another, and to assume among the
Powers of the earth the separate and equal station to
which the laws of nature and of nature's God entitle
them, adecerit respect to the opinions of mankind require
that they should declare the causes which impel them to
the sepaiation."
What were they ? I would put the question to
the gentleman from Virginia, [Mr. Smith,] who,
with knitted brow, clenched fist, and grating teeth,
denounced gentlemen from Massachusetts in lan-
guage that would have better become some other
place than the Halls of legislation. With the
great apostle of American republicanism, we Re-
publicans of this land " hold these truths to be
self-evident—that all men are created equal."
All men—not the high nor the low, the rich nor
the poor, the negro, the mulatto, nor the white—
but all men who bear the image of God, whose
countenance beams with immortality, are "en-
dowed," not by the President, nor his Cabinet,
not by the Senate, nor the House of Representa-
tives, nor by human laws, or human constitu-
tions, but " by-their Creator, with certain inalien-
