1856.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1645
great improvement on what they now are, but they will not
be what they ought to be; because modern experience, as
I am told, suggests that the breech-loading muskets and
rifles are entirely superseding the use of those loaded at the
muzzle; and one bilfeeh-loading rifle is worth a dozen of
those of the other kind. If you spend your $1,250,000 m
repairing these old muskets, and fit Maynard's primer to
them, tliey will not be so near to the standard winch mod-
er nimprovements now require, as they were with flint-locks
when they were made. In other words, the breech-loading
rifles will take the advantage of them altogether.
" I further understand—though this subjcct comes up so
suddenly that I have not had time to inform myself upon it
—that an appropnatioa was asked for and granted to the
War Department, some time ago, of $90,000, for the pur-
pose of experimenting with breech-loading rifles; and I am
told that that sum has not been expended; that the exper-
iment has not been made. These old guns, though they
will be very good with Maynard's primer in dry weather,
will not stand wet weather."
These are the opinions of the Senator from New
Hampshire. Now let us look into the facts.
First, allow me to say that I am not here for the
purposs? of defending the President of the United
States or the Secretary of War. They need no
defense from me;andif they did, they have many
friends here, much more able, much more com-
petent, and doubtless much more willing to enter
on the discharge of that duty than I am. But,
sir, I am ready to defend the President, the Sec-
retary of "War, or anybody else, when unjustly
and improperly assailed. I believe them to have
been unjustly assailed on this occasion, and in
defending myself, I wish to defend them. I stand
here to defend myself and not the President of
the United States. I am an humble member of
the Committee on Military Affairs who reported
this bill. I take on myself the full share of re-
sponsibility that attaches to the bill, and am will-
ing to be tried by it. I am ready to stand up in
its vindication here or elsewhere.
The Senator says that our muskets, when
thus prepared—mark you, §1,200,000 of the
money proposed to be appropriated m the bill
is to effect changes in our present muskets — will
be worth but little, and not at all comparable to
the present Sharpe's rifle. Now, Mr. President,
I profess to know something on the subject of
guns, and I undertake to assert here to-day, not
upon a mere opinion, that the old muskets which
we have now in our armories and arsenals, which
lconfecs are comparatively worthless, will, when
this change is effected upon them, be equal to
any arm in the United States in all respects,
and will be superior to any arm in the United
States in point of range. The musket used at
present has an estimated average range of one
hundred yards. We are not left to conjecture as
to what will be the range of these muskets when
thus improved. We have heard a great deal
about the Minie rifles, but I say there never was
such a gun as the Minie. Mmie never made a
fun in his life, and there is no such thing as a
Iinie rifle. I have conversed with Minie himself,
and he told me that he never made one. What
they call a Minie rifle in France and here, is
nothing more nor less than the old American
musket converted into a rifle; and the great
virtue and excellence of the Minie rifle consists
in the cartridge alone, and not in the gun. We
propose to take these old muskets and rifle them,
and use the Minie cartridge; and then they become
precisely what you understand by the Minie rifles,
and are "precisely the gun which is used in the
French army, for 1 have seen thousands of them.
One million two hundred and fifty thousand
dollars of the sum appropriated by this bill is to
be applied to the conversion of this gun into what
is termed the Minie rifle. What is the estimate?
The estimate is, that it will cost three dollars
a gun. How many guns have we? You have
five hundred thousand muskets now on deposit
in the arsenals and armories of the United States,
and you have three hundred thousand deposited
with the States, making eight hundred thousand
in all. 1 admit that they are practically worth-
less fur all useful purposes. Three dollars per
gun, it is suited, will convert them into the Minie
rifle, and furnish them with percussion locks and
the Maynard primer; and then, in my judgment,
you will have such a military arm as is not to be
found on the face of the earth. Then, shall we
apply $1,250,000 to this purpose' Your guns
are useless now; and with this expenditure of
three dollars a piece you can convert them to- one
of the most effective arms known to any service
in the world.
Some eix weeks ago, the Military Committee
of the Senate was invited to go down and witness
experiments with this improved gun. The ex-
periments were had, and it was found that the
old musket of the United States, which was
before worthless, by this improvement was ca-
pable of a range of nine hundred yards effectively.
Is it not worth three dollars per gun to change
the range from one hundred to nine hundred
yards? The old pistol, which was good at a
range of seventy-five or eighty yards, upon actual
experiment was found to be effective at a range
of five hundred yards, when improved as pro-
posed; and now, when we ask an appropriation
of three dollars a gun to convert them into such
an instrument as that, we are told it is profligacy
and a useless expenditure of public money. I
maintain that if you are to have defenses at all—
if you are to have arms, there never was an ap-
propriation more just or more judicious, from the
foundation of this Government until the present
hour; for there has never been such an improve-
ment in fire-arms made by the ingenuity of man
at so small a cost. For three dollars you can
convert the old musket into the most effective
weapon now known to the history of the world.
But the Senator from Ne«j|Hampshire says
that, oven when you have mMps improvement,
the musket will not be at all iwffial to the breech-
loading rifle. That is a question which is debat-
able I shall not enter into an argument upon it,
and it is not material. We have not got the
breech-loading rifle, but we have the musket.
What can you get the breech-loading gun for ?
I have the estimate. We paid Mr. Colt for his
carbine forty-five dollars a-piece for a portion of
them, and for the residue, thirty-two dollars and
fifty cents per gun. We have purchased a por-
tion of Mr. Sharpe's rifles, and what did we pay
for them? We paid him thirty dollars apiece
for them. Then these breech-loading guns will
cost you at the lowest price thirty dollars, when
for three dollars you can make a better military
arm than cither of them.
The Senator from New Hampshire calls the
Secretary of War to task for the $90,000 which
were appropriated two years ago for the purpose
of purchasing breech-loading rifles. We did
make that appropriation, not, however, by my
consent; but it, is the law, and I submit to it.
What was the law ? Was the Secretary directed
to go and invest $90,000 in Sharpe's rifles? No.
Was he directed to invest it in any rifle? No.
He was directed to make a full investigation and
experiment, and invest the money in the best
breech-loadmg rifles lie could get. "That experi-
ment is going on. The Secretary of War pur-
chased some of Sharpe's, and some of Jennings's,
and some of three or four different patterns, and
they are now all in the hands of the soldiers of
the country. The experiment is beingmade;and
when it has been made, and the result is pre-
sented to the War Department, I take it that the
Secretary of War, ill the execution of the law,
will invest £90,000, unless Congress, in then-
wisdom, shall repeal the law, which, in my judg-
ment, they ought to do. So much, then, for the
$90,000. The Secretary has done all that the
law required him to do; and if he had done more
he would have gone outside of the law, and acted
in violation of the law.
But the Senator asks the cost of our arms. I
have that information. If any Senator pays at-
tention to the annual report of the Secretary of
War, which is an elaborate one, and which per-
haps I should not have read with much care but
for my position on the Committee on Military
Affairs, he will find that the Secretary of War
informs the Congress of the United States that a
new and improved arm is now in process of con-
stiuction. They are making patterns by which
the guns hereafter to be made will be made on
the principle known as the Mime principle. Not
one has yet been made—not, at least, up to the
time of the report of the Secretary of War.
They were preparing then; and in the mean time
he asks for this appropriation of $1,250,000, that
the old gun may be converted into this rifle arm
known as the Minie rifle.
The muskets made by the Government of the
United States cost us ten dollars apiece. Then
you pay ten dollars for the gun made in the
American armories as against the gun made by
individual enterprise, or the breech-loadmg rifle.
You have a pistol—Colt's pistol. This costs you
from twenty-four dollars to twenty-eight dollars,
as against the pistol made in the United States ar-
mories at from seven dollars to eight tfellars.
The pistol made in the United States armories
for eight dollars has an effective range of five
hundred yards. Mr. Colt's pistol costs twenty-
eight dollars, and has an effective range oflessthani
one hundred yards. It is true that the breech-
loading pistol will fire much oftener than ours.
Ours is a single-barrel pistol, loaded'at the muz-
zle, and the other is a breech-loading pistol with
five shots. They can shoot much more rapidly,
but then, while it has its advantages, it has, ac-
cording to military science, some disadvantages.
It has no such range as the pistol manufactured
in our armories, and therefore it is notat all com-
parable for long distances. We have eight hun-
dred thousand stand of arms comparatively use-
less at present, and we want to convert them into
effective arms, and we ask this appropriation for
that purpose. Is not this proper?
I come now to the next point. Another por-
tion of the bill is for the manufacture of cannon.
Mr. President, have you inquired what your de-
fenses are? How do they stand? You have
thousands of miles of sea-coast, and if every gua
belonging to the United States was planted at a
proper position on the coast from New York to
New Orleans, you would not have guns enough
to furnish that coast alone. I repeat, that if every
single piece of stationary artillery in the United
States was properly adjusted on proper points on
the Atlantic sea-board from New York to New Or-
leans, you would not have enough to supply that
coast. You are vastly deficient in the number of
cannon which you require, and in the carriages
which are necessary. A portion of this appro-
priation is to supply that defect. Is it neces-
sary to defend the country at all ? If it is, let us
defend it effectually; let us have no pretension
about it. If you intend to hold out the pretension,
let us have something of the substance and some-
thing of the reality.
There is another point in the bill. A large
amount, $450,000, is appropriated for ammuni-
tion. I remember that the Senator from New
Hampshire was horrified at that. Four hundred
and fifty thousand dollars at one time for ammu-
nition ! He certainly went back to the days of
hipboyhood, and thought of those excursions of
his on the Jiills of New Hampshire, with his little
flask on one side and a pouch on the other, when
he thought he was ready to meet an.army. That
may do very well for the hunting boy, but I think
it would be a very poor defense for a great nation
like this. If every pound of powder and ball that
you have got in the United States service to-day
were brought together,how much have you got?
I have stated that you are vastly deficient in the
guns; but taking the guns which you have now,
all the cartridges which you have got in the United
States would not furnish twenty-five rounds for
them. I speak advisedly. Sir, in all your arse-
nals throughout the whole Union, you have not
got twenty-five rounds of cartridge for your can-
non. If you were involved in a war to-morrow,
or next month, you would cut a beautiful figure
with twenty-five rounds of cartridge ! In forty-
eight hours, at Scbastopol, they shot away more
than you have in your whole country. But yet
gentlemen tell us that it is a monstrous proposi-
tion to talk of appropriating $450,000 to buy am-
munition, when you have not got twenty-five
rounds of cartridge, according to the report of
the ordnance department. You may go on in
the same ratio with the construction of guns, that
you have gone on for the last twenty years,
according to a statement from the War Depart-
ment, and at the end of forty years you will not
have your fortifications manned.
Then, Mr. President, it seems to me that if we
intend to put the country in a state of defense at
all, there never was a wiser and juster appro-
priation than this. How can you arrive at the
conclusion that it is mere profligacy to be ex-
pended in the defense of the country ? If it was
money to be squandered in favoritism, or for the
creation of new offices, or in donations, I would
enter my protest; but this bill does not propose
to create a single additional office or any addi-
tional officer. It is simply an appropriation to
buy arms aa&^mrnumtion for the defense of the
country. Repeat, that if it was as clear to my
mind that $30,000,000 were necessary as it is
