36
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[December 21,
34th Cong....1st Sess. Organization of the House—Mr. Cox, Mr. Walbridge, etc.
Ho. of Reps.
have mentioned; and the other, the anti-Nebraska
sentiment—that is, opposition to any further
slavery extension. I am not for the abolition of
slavery in the States where it now exists. Many
of us would take up arms to protect the rights of
slaveholders in the States where it has existence
at this time. Those are the only two parties of
■which I heard anything during the canvass.
Mr. COX. I would now inquire of the gentle-
man from the Kalamazoo district what was the
particular ground taken on this question in his
district during the late canvass ?
Mr. WALBRIDGE. Mr. Clerk, I do not
care to be brought forward for the purpose of
settling questions of political orthodoxy between
twelfth-section Know Nothings and Democrats.
They are matters which are for their own de-
termination.
Mr. COX. I do not ask the gentleman to do
bo. I have made an inquiry merely for the pur-
pose of getting information in reference to the
ntaAl « n « t M A M h • A I* A M " 1 M 4 A A A M A ftl «"1 ftfll /\TIA 1 AlArt _
Before I go further, I would ask my honorable
friend from Ohio [Mr. Campbell] what was the
course of the canvass there upon the subject of
the Kansas-Nebraska bill?
Mr. NICHOLS. If the gentleman will allow
me, I will state what the course of the canvass
was in my district last fall. It is well known to
the gentleman that I was a Democratic member
of the last Congress, and voted against the Kan-
sas-Nebraska bill. I did so because I put upon
that bill the same construction that the gentleman
from Pennsylvania [Mr. Jones] has put upon it
this morning, and repudiating the doctrine ad-
vanced by that gentleman on this subject, I voted
against the bill. For that act it was deemed advis-
able by the Democratic organization in my district
to put medowi\. They nominated a distinguished I
gentleman of my own State, who has held high j
I official positions under the Democratic party
i there, against me, and when the charge was made
against him, that ho was a pro-slavery man, he
Mr. WALBRIDGE. However, if it will ac-
commodate the*gent(eman from Kentucky, I am
willing to state what I know in relation to the
matter. [Cries of " Go on!" " Hear him!"] I
am averse, Mr. Clerk, to being made a witness
for the purpose of settling a question of political
othodoxy for the Democratic party, or between
~c :*  3   J
uuui uiiiuuu in iciciciivc "to ij again si nun, utui iiu was tt prD'Sitivi
ground upon which the late congressional elec- defined the question of "squatter sovereignty
tion was fought in the State of Michigan. ; in a published address to the voters of the dis-
at- wit roinfif ie ■' <"•- ' trict,-and, as I understood that address, I was
opposed upon the ground that by my vote I had
denied to the people of the Territory the right to
act upon this question themselves. "That was the
strongest objection made to me in my district.
] But there were other positions taken by the
  , wi uii cui j Nebraska Democrat who was opposed to me,
that party, or any portion of it, and my good that further illustrate the doctrine of "squatter
friends the twelfth-section Americans, so called, j: sovereignty," or the principles of the Nebraska
upon this floor; but as my friend from Kentucky I! bill as understood by the Democracy of the dis- 1
has appealed to me for information, and as I am trict; I mean the Democracy within the organi- i
ever desirous of contributing as much as possible zation, for a majority of the Democracy of the
to the harmony of the Democratic party, and am district have sent me here again to represent
just now especially anxious to enable that party them. Sir, my opponent took the position that
to come to a good understanding with the twelfth : the Kansas-Nebraska bill was the best Abolition
section gentlemen, I will state what I have un~ measure ever passed by Congress. [Laughter.]
derstood to be the Democratic platform at the | He went to the people upon that issue—upon that
INortri on the subject of slaverv. or rather. I ' *1 .* 1 . i •
North on the subject of slavery, or rather, I
might say, the ground on which that party sup-
ported the Kansas-Nebraska bill.
I had the pleasure, sir, of listening to an elab-
orate speech made by one of the distinguished
Senators from my State, during the canvass of
1854, in which he discussed at length the princi-
ples of the Kansas-Nebraska law, and the reasons
■which induced him to give it his support. He
took the ground then that it was the best law for
freedom that had ever been passed;and in support
of that opinion, among other arguments used by
him was this, that by the Missouri compromise
slavery was prohibited in all the Louisiana pur-
chase north of 36° 30' by positive enactment, and
implication was therefore permitted south of
f nit) 11 A • an J 4 It a ♦ IT . *r i t •
under the parliamentary law, and by the permis-
sion of the House. The Clerk has no power to
i execute the rules of the House; in fact, there are
no rules in existence.
Mr. NICHOLS. The gentleman from Ken-
tucky intimated that he desired to ask me a ques-
tion.
Mr. COX. My question is this: what is the
name of the gentleman who was your opponent ?
Mr. NICHOLS. Mr. G. B. Dorsey, late a
member of the Ohio Constitutional Convention.
Mr. GIDDINGS. What was your majority?
Mr. NICHOLS. About six thousand—more
or less. [Laughter and applause.]
Mr. COX. I will now yield the floor to the
gentleman from Ohio, to allow him to answer my
question.
Mr. READE. The gentleman from Pennsyl-
vania [Mr. Jones] states that he has been mis-
understood, and desires to explain.
Mr. COX. I intend to allow him to explain
in a moment.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio. I hare been ap-
pealed to by the gentleman from Kentucky to
state what was the course of the canvass in my
State, and I am willing to do so.
I had the pleasure, sir, of addressing the people
at a great many points in three of the greatest
States of the Northwest—Ohio, Indiana, and
, Michigan. Uniformly, I believe, the position
' assumed by the Democratic candidates was, that
| by the repeal of the Missouri compromise nothing'
I was lost to freedom, because, under the provisions
; of the bill, slavery could not enter into the Ter-
ritories. I recollect more distinctly a discussion
which I had with the honorable Senator from
my State, [Mr. Ppgh,] in the district of my col-
league, [Mr. Nichols,] and in his presence, in
which the honorable Senator took the ground of
the Nicholson letter, that slavery could not exist
__ u,. u upuu mnt j me in icnoison letter, mat slavery could not exist
declaration; and, to illustrate the sincerity of his anywhere without positive enactment; that as
position, he said further, and he annpRlprl tn thnao „  i  
t J    9 --- VA4V UA4IW4 ICjr \/i ilXO
position, he said further, and he appealed to those
who had long been identified with him in politi-
cal action to bear witness, that he had opposed
the annexation of Texas, which I had advocated,
and further, he came before the people upon a
distinct printed pledge to vote against the incor-
poration of any slave territory into the Union
nn/loi" nntj on/1 nil n>  1^1 < *
* , j".  oeen maae dv tne nonorable member
"*ranyanJ all circumstances; and thatis squat- , from the Detroit district, [Mr. Howard,! who
ter sovereignty and the Kansas-Nebraska bill as wns nl<jr> /.ommaoinn- *u  t i  <_
J , —* * WWHI«W*,IVVO f nmtio suutti*
, ter sovereignty and the Kansas-Nebraska bill as
j construed by those of the Democratic party in my
1 district who attempted to defeat me for my vote
: against that bill.
Mr. COX. I would thank the gentleman from
v I   -  - " MU
there was no positive law creating slavery in the
Territories of Kansas and Nebraska, slavery
could not, under the provisions of that bill, exist
there. I had the pleasure, too, of making ad-
dresses in every district in the State of Michigan,
behind the distinguished Senator to whom allu-
sion has been made by the honorable member
t' <ArVl tli ft 1 J ■ ~1. ' .1 rH t "TT i i
Congress had conferred upon the people of W ' hl8.remarks; lf so'1 Wlsh to
®as and Nebraska, and, without legislation upon
the subject, slavery could not exist there. This
■view of the subject was taken by all the Demo-
cratic speakers to whom I listened during the
Canvass of that year in my district, and was I
believe the general sentiment of the press The
question was asked the honorable Senator ex-
pressly and pointedly, by one of his old political
friends, whether he believed Congress fad the
power under the Constitution to legislate on the
subject of slavery in the Territories, and he an-
was also canvassing; the State. I have in my
possession his speeches, as reported at the time,
m which he took the ground of the Nicholson
letter, claiming, in those speeches, that if a slave-
holder, under the provisions of the Kansas-Ne-
r-x r. I ^ a _ n 4 1 1__   1* |
swered unequivocally that, in his o^n * Con-" i I sirn^y th£
gress had the power; and, m reply to a' question ' " 7" "
of the expediency of exercising it, he referred his
friend toaspeech made by him [the Senator] ifetkis
flail in 1849. I had not the pleasure of listening
to any of the speeches made by the still more
distinguished Senator from my State durin  the
same canvass, but I well recollect reading one
reported by the Detroit paper, supposed to be in
his interest, but delivered in another part of the
State, in which he took substantially the same view
of the subject, except as to the power of Congress
yM.e in th« Premises
m/r n ~ ; i iioiuer, uuaer tne provisions of the Kan<mq-Np.
Mr CAMPBELL of ohi* <estimony no.w- || {>™!  <*t> takes his slave property across the
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio. Bern- annealed line into Kansas, the shackles fall from him the
j moment he crosses that line, and the slave stands
there as free as his master.
Mr. NICHOLS. I desire to say a word more
m explanation.
Mr. COX. I have not willingly indulged this
course of interrogation. A few moments since,
when the gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr.
Jones] appealed to me to allow him a few words
of explanation, I denied him the privilege, but
after what has transpired I now tender to him
that privilege.
- JONES, of Pennsylvania. I confess I
telt a little at a loss to understand how my honor-
able fnend from Kentucky could decline to yield
the floor to me, and then almost immediately
afterwards yield it to a gentleman who belonged
to a party different from that to which I belong.
1 wish to remark that I do not altogether fancy
j this mode of catechising. I have very cheerfully
answered every question-which has been pro-
nnnnhoh fn t l  t . ^
make the correction now.
j^r- COX I cannot yield to him at this time.
Mr. SEWARD. I hope we shall have some
order about this thing.
Mr. JONES, of Pennsylvania. I want to say
only one word.
Mr. COX. Not now; you shall come in after
a little. j
Mr. SEWARD. I rise to a question of order; j
1 want to know if there is to beany order in this
House? J
Mr. JONES. I want to say to my friend
say to my
Hr" • _Mr-J31erk, who has the floor?
i? ,, The gentleman from Kentucky
as the floor. Does he yield it to the gentleman
from Pennsylvania who desires tomakTan ex" ;i which ha« keen pro-
planation? an ex , P.ounded }° me> and I have no objection to con-
r **_. ^. i tmue to dn an MUtu.  .t-j:-.- .
planation
1 ™ first to ask the gentleman
fro"} Nichols] a question.
Mr. SE WARD. I rise to a question of order.
wWh lf there are any rules of order by
which this House is controlled; and if so, upon
, ;• , « ' —** •* uutcc-uuii tci con-
: nue to do so, as long as gentleman conduct it
fairly But if it is the desire of gentlemen who
wish to interrogate me, as my friend from Ohio
aid, and as the gentleman from Kentucky seemed
disposed to do, with categorical questions, de-
manding categorical answers, yes or no, to pro-
ceed by framing questions in his own lanfmaee.
and <!fiil?n<r nn mp tr* ananrA*    1 & .
11kwli "ed'
The CLERK The Clerk will say that there
of th/ House at present in existence
The gentleman from Kentucky retains the floor
1 - —   v*v\-.nijc ij^reaicer to
answer any further questions that may be ad-
dressed to me on such conditions. I have, thus
far, answered every question, and have no objec-
tion still to do so; but I wish to say to gentlemen
