1855.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLO.BE.
47
law of the United States? But he does not do
that in regard to the people of Ohio. We legis-
late in regard to other crimes there; but he denies
our authority to prohibit this. My friends, I
want to make this expose here, because for days
and days I have seen the Democrats of this
House stand forth—I mean no offense—with
effrontery which would well become a dominant
majority m this Hall.
Mr. LETCHER, (interrupting.) Do I under-
stand the gentleman from Ohio to say that a
master has a right to kill his slare in the south-
ern States?
Mr. GIDDINGS. I say whatl cannotbe mis-
taken in. I ask the gentleman, as he is a master,
whether, if he attempt to chastise a slave in Vir-
ginia, and that slave defends himself, has he not
the right, under the laws of that State, to take
that slave's life ? That is the point. Come right
to it.
Mr. LETCHER. The criminal law which
protects me protects my slave.
Mr. GIDDINGS. He evades my question.
Let me aslc the gentleman to answer directly.
There should be no equivocation before the Amer-
ican people. I wish the gentleman to tell me
whether, if he attempt to chastise a slave, and he
resist, he has not the right to take the life of that
slave ?
Mr; LETCHER. No, sir; there is no such
right there, and there never was.
Mr. GIDDINGS. Then I say to the slaves of
Virginia, " Defend yourselves." I would to God
I could proclaim to every slave in Virginia to-day,
" You have the right of self-defense, and when
the master attempts to exercise the right of do-
minion over you, .slay him as he would slay your-
selves." But the gentleman is mistaken. This
deprivation of self-defense is the very gist of
slavery; without it slavery cannot exist.
Mr. READE. Will the gentleman from Ohio
allow me a moment to answer his question ?
Mr. GIDDINGS. Oh, certainly.
Mr. READE. Have you not in Ohio a right
to correct your children, and to make them sub-
mit to your authority?
Mr. GIDDINGS. Not by talcing, his life.
Have you not the right in North Carolina to take
the life of your slave ?
Mr. READE. No, sir; we have no such
right; our right over our slaves scarcely extends
any further than your right over your son in Ohio.
I now ask, would you advise the sons of Ohio, as
you advise the slaves of Virginia, to resist their
fathers ?
Mr. GIDDINGS. My friend from North Car-
olina need not put such a question. He knows
my sentiments on that subject. Does he intend
to disgrace andlowerthe relations betweenafather
and son by comparing them with those between
a master and slave ? Why, let me tell a fact I
can show from my own correspondence. I have
a letter from a slaveholder in Virginia, wherein
he declares that he owned a female slave nineteen
years of age; that she was a woman of unblem-
ished character*, a member of the Methodist
church; that she was set upon by a young man
with improper purposes; she was athletic, and,
by one of those unfortunate blows which some-
times occur, laid her ravisher dead at her feet, in
protecting that which was dearer to her than life
—her honor. For this she was sentenced to be
hajiged.
And now, my friends, here is the issue. The
Democrats have at last, in one instance, been
outspoken and bold in their avowal of thoir inten-
tion to maintain slavery in Kansas. They de-
clare that the principles of the Kansas bill shall
be maintained, that the doctrines of that bill shall
be upheld. They declare also hostility to Know
Nothingism as one of the principles of their plat-
form. Now, sir, the combined forces of the
Opposition are arrayed against this platform of
theirs. We say that freedom shall be restored
to Kansas. "YV e say that the solemn consecra-
tion entered into by our fathers thirty-five years
since, shall be restored, and transmitted to our
descendants. Here we stand. This is the issue
before this House. This is the issue for the
campaign of 1856. " Liberty for Kansas" is our
motto. Upon that the people of the Union will
stand. We are forming our party. We are
gathering our forces. We are consolidating our
ranks. We intend to be ready for the confikt.
! On that issue we go to the people, and may God
1 prosper the right!
And now, in reference to this talk about the
dissolution of the Union, about which we have
heard considerable this morning, let me say, my
friends, don't lie awake of nights for the fear of
the safety of the Union. Why, do not gentlemen
know that, of late, the leading Democratic paper
in the southern portion of the Union, the Rich-
mond Enquirer, for some months past has never
ceased to proclaim the coming dissolution of the
Union? Day after day it has called upon the
South to prepare for the dissolution of the Union.
But all this comes from the South. Wre never
hear the dissolution of the Union advocated at
t.he North. No northern man, with any reputa-
tion as a politician, ever advocated it.
A Voice. Did not Sumner?
Mr. GIDDINGS. No, never. WTe at the
North will stand by the Union. We will stand
by the Constitution. And let me say to timid
gentlemen from the North, be not anxious about
the Union. We do not intend to dissolve the
Union, and we do not intend to let you do it.
[Laughter.] Understand that. We mean what
we say: we will not only maintain the Union,
but we will tell southern traitors who threaten it
that they shall not dissolve it. It has been ce-
mented by the blood of our fathers who fought
fonts establishment. We are bound to maintain
it by all the obligations which bind men, and we
mean to do it. Threaten its dissolution, reiterate
the threat as often as you please, and we meet
you with a stern front ancf unwavering resolution
that such a traitorous object shall not be reached.
I speak in all kindness. We have already got
this House. Next year, with God's blessing, we
shall have the President; and in two more years
we shall have the Senate. Then the Executive
and Legislative branches of the Government will
be in our power. Then those who threaten dis-
solution had better look out.
A Voice. You do not mean to hang us?
Mr. GIDDINGS. I do not think that you are
fit for hanging. [Laughter.] I would not hang
one of you—not one of those who threaten a dis-
solution of the Union. I will tell you what we
will do. If the threat be iterated and reiterated,
we will dig up the bones of old Hickory, and re-
publish his proclamation of 1832, in which he
swore "by the Etarnal! that he would hang
every man who attempted a dissolution of the
Union." That will be quite sufficient. [Laugh-
ter.] That will do the work. It did it then,
and it will do it again.
Now, my friencls, let me tell you, out of the
sincerity of my heart, that this story of the dis-
solution of the Union has grown stale. It is
no longer current; we hold it in ineffable con-
tempt.
It were useless for us to organize this House
unless a majority entertain principles hostile to
the present Administration. We differ in our
views. Some hold that slavery should never be
sustained by the Federal Government; others
think it should be permitted to remain in this Dis-
trict; others are willing (o let it remain in Kansas;
but all are opposed to the Kansas bill; and most
of us would restore liberty to the people there.
All condemn those who violated the Missouri
compact. These various opinions can only meet
on the plain principles of justice to each and to
all. The election of Speaker has relation to the
transaction of business here. When that shall
be accomplished, we shall then arrange ourselves
for the coming campaign. In that, we may sep-
arate—we may even oppose each other; but we
shall all most cordially oppose the present Ad-
ministration until it be blotted from existence.
Mr. KNOX. I move that the House do now
adjourn.
Tellers were demanded, but not ordered.
Mr. HUMPHREY MARSHALL. 1 would
appeal to the gentleman to withdraw his motion
for a few moments, so that I may be heard in ex-
planation of the position which I occupy upon
this floor.
Mr. KNOX. I withdraw the motion.
Mr. MARSHALL. It is due, Mr. Clerk, to
the courtesy we owe to each other, after so much
has been said to-day in regard to the positions
of men and parties, that the small party to which
I am attached, and which has to such an extent
been a theme for commentary by others, should
be heard by one of its own members before we-
adjourn.
i do not, like the gentleman from Alabama
[Mr. Walker] who addressed you this morn-
ing, feel any uneasiness at my political position.
Like the Democratic section in this Chamber, I
have no terms of compromise to offer or accept.
I ask no quarter—my party asks no quarter.
We stand before our country upon the funda-
mental propositions we have asserted, and we
are ready at all times to maintain them as tho
true and only safe bases of our national integ-
rity. I do not complain of the legislative declar-
ation of tho Democratic members of this House,
made at the commencement of this session,
either for its want of courtesy or for thp unusual
time and place at which it was uttered. On the
contrary, I regard it as the legitimate sequence
of the Executive Administration those gentle-
men support—an Administration which pro-
scribes from office and place all men professing
the opinions I entertain, and which dares, in this
free country, to wield the arm of power to strike
down even the common laborer at his toil for
an honest expression of American sentiments.
[Loud applause in the galleries.] They have
proclaimed before this country that they regard
us as the enemies of civil and religious liberty,
because of our enunciation of truths which we
sincerely believe to be essential to the preserva-
tion of American independence and American
nationality, and we accept the issue. Ay, sir,
we take up the glaive thus thrown by our adver-
sary, though he plays the Parthian while offer-
ing it.
But, sir, we did suppose that this was not the
arena proper for the contest. That combat belongs
to the hustings and before the great body of the
people. I understood that we came here for the
purpose of transacting the public business de-
manding legislative examination and action, and
that there was no necessity for plans and platforms
as preliminary to the organization of tins House.
But when gentlemen of the Democratic party
have undertaken, at the beginning, to congratulate
the country upon the results of the elections, and
to proclaim that they stand in solid phalanx as
the peculiar defenders of great principles of civil
and religious freedom against extraordinary as-
saults made upon them by the " Know Nothing"
party of the United States—when laudations of
this high ground, so assumed, have been issued
by their press from this capital, and are echoed
and reechoed by their papers of lesser note and
consequence, from one end of the Union to the
other, their action takes a political significance
we cannot safely disregard, and they will justly
be held responsible by the country for the choice
they have made of the forum in which to pro-
claim their political creed and determinations.
Under these circumstances, I want the people of
this country to scrutinize that declaration, and
may be excused, I trust, for declaring briefly the
position which I also occupy as an American. .
Independent of their assumption that they are
the especial friends of civil and religious liberty,
arrayed to protect the fundamental maxims of
both fiom the ruthless assaults of il American-
ism"—independent of their arraignment of the
American party for a violation of these principles,
they have taken a stand upon a sectional question
to which I invoke the attention of my countrymen.
Their resolution tenders congratulations to tho
country for the triumph <c of the principles of the
Kansas-Nebraska bill," and they hold it to bo
their highest duty " to continue oar efforts in thu
maintenance and defense of those principles and
the constitutional rights of every section, and
every class of citizens, against their opponents of
every description," &c. The readiness of these
gentlemen to take that position exhibits ih$ desire
for a renewal of a sectional controversy; and I charge
the. faet to be, that it is taken with the expectation
of solidifying the political and matoial interests cf
one section of this country, and arraying men of all
parties hi that section against the other section, and
is done with the view of meeting their natural antago-
nists—the Republican party—hi order that they may
get up a sectional presidential contest. If this is
true, will not the country perceive at once that
the introduction of these matters into a resolution
by the Democratic members preliminary to an
organization of this Chamber, is an aiding and
abetting of the effort of the Republican section
