33
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[December 21,
34th Cong....1st Sess. Organization of the House—Mr^CoXiMr^Quitmmu
Ho. of Reps.
But this rule does not hold in
which is the subject of slavery.
Bubject there; an intellectual—an immortal being—
a being that is accountable, individually) to the
Great Author of existence: and, as that is so, he
is entitled to have and ought to have secured to
him free will and free action. He ought not to be
the subject of another. Such sub|ection is incon-
sistent with his obligations to God. For how
shall be answer for his deeds who has no govern-
ment of himself? How shall he answer for his
purposes, when they are forced upon him by su-
perior power? How answer for his want of
knowledge, when his condition deprives him of
the means of knowledge? and, I grant, necessa-
rily deprives him, in view of the master's safety;
for knowledge to the slave is danger to the mas-
ter. It is a great misfortune, but it cannot be
otherwise.
Here, then, is a direct invasion by one man
upon the most important and essential rights of
another—an invasion that steps between a man
and hia Maker. This is against the Divine law. •
It has no moral sanction, and must rest its defense
upon force alone, for in force, not in right, it had j
its beginning. The continuance of the evil, where i
it prevails, sometimes has to be endured fora.
Jong period to prevent greater mischiefs, for in
the choice of evils we are to take the least. But,
even then, that which we choose remains an evil.
Looking at the subject in this view alone, I
am bound to say the evil should not be extended
where it can be prevented. I know it is esteemed
a heresy, just now,in some quarters, to believe in
a "higher law " But there is one, and we can-
not change it, though we may violate it, taking the
consequences. That higher law did not inaugu-
rate slavery. It did not establish or legalize it;
on the contrary, the whole teaching of that law
is against it. The doctrine is broadly and plainly
given of perfect equality, as to rights, amongst
men, of justice and love from one to another.
There was authority given to the parent over the
child, and, if you please, a property for the time
in his service, but this was for the good of the
child, for the purposes of nurture, education, and
preparation for the great duties of life. And I do
not concede too much by admitting that such
authority and property in service are given in
some other relations; but in all such cases, the
good of the person governed is one, and the
main object in view. That law, instead of giving
sanction to perpetual servitude, to slavery, imposed
restraints and prescribed humane regulations for
it, as a then existing institution. It gave a year
of jubilee and release to the bondman. He was
hot to "go away empty."
And even here, a careful examination of the
condition of things then existing in the world,
may suggest that the great object was, (as these
bond-servants who were to be taken from the
heathen or the stranger, which appear to have
been treated as in the same condition,) by sub-
jecting such persons to a probation in servitude,
with a chosen people, to make them familiar
with that knowledge which would redeem them
from barbarism. A time for the continuance of
such service was given. To have held them be-
yond that time would have been a violation of
that law: perpetual servitude would have vio-
lated it. The time of service for the child was j
left with the parent to determine, from what !
might be necessary in each particular case, as re- j
gards a longer or shorted guardianship. j
Human laws have interposed here, and in some j
countries fixed the time of majority at one age 
in some at another. But the great common' law
of the world, following the plain teaching of the
Divine law, makes freedom of man the rule, and
slavery the exception. Where the rule exists,
and there is a tribunal to enforce it, the slave is
freed the moment he is within the jurisdiction.
Where there is no tribunal, the rule is of no prac-
tical value; and if the gentleman goes with his
slave to such a place, the parties then fall back
upon their original rights. It is then between
tnem again a naked question of force—and which-
ever can make the first law and enforce it, be -
comes the master. Such, I believe, would be the
fact in regard to Territories of the United States,
over which no law but the Constitution had ever
been extended. For—although in other quarter s
regard to that jj it is thought to be a heresy to say so—I do not
£ man is the !' think that instrument, of itself, either establishes
or prohibits slavery. Tt. referred that to alter
1 that by looking at the language of the Kansas-
Nebraska act itself, my conclusion is strongly
supported. For construing that act by the known
and established legal tests, slavery is virtually
legislated into these Territories. The will of the
Legislature is to be ascertained in part by the
language employed in a law. What, then, if
slavery was not designed to go there, under the
territorial act, was the use, in defining who
should be voters, of the words "every free, white,
male inhabitant?" &c. The word free is not
found in such a connection in territorial acts
It referred that to
|j legislation; and as to the Territories, to congres-
; sional legislation. Congress lias so legislated
from the beginning. The ordinance of 1787,
prohibiting the institution from the Territory j
northwest of the river Ohio, was passed before
the adoption of the Constitution.
Amongst the first acts passed after the adop- ,
tionofthe Constitution, and by a Congress com-i connection in rerruuruu
posed of many who had been members of h<^ found in termS) prohibited;
constitutional convention—at a time when pub- , i wnere^ s y, j f!,„ ,1npn
lie men well understood that instrument, and the i
whole power it conferred, and what was intended j
to be withheld—was an act giving efficacy and j
perpetuity to the ordinance of 1787. Washing- j
ton, who had been the presiding officer of the ;
constitutional convention, was then President^ of
the United States
act. There were then
in thatNorthwest Teriitui v, >v"«   n . -r iV,
before the ordinance, the Constitution, or the act |i not, if the matter should
of Congress. Years afterwards the question of i 1 courts, we shall find that the constnictions which
Wlitrxe oiavtij iiwo ""-"-"5 ~i '
but where it has been allowed, the word does
occur.
And again, by that act, provision is made for
trying the title to slaves in the courts, and prescrib-
ing the mode of taking appeals, &c. If it was
not contemplated and intended that slavery should
their freedom was brought before tne highest
courts of my own State and other States. This
involved the precise point as to the power of
Congress to legislate on this subject in and for
the Territories. And it was ruled, that the
power to do so was plenary, the legislation right.,
and that such persons were free by virtue of such
have been attempted to be palmed off at the North,
will be promptly overruled, and those of our
people who have honestly believed them will find
that they have been miserably cheated by plausible
sophisms. If the gentleman had asked me what
I thought the law ought to be upon these ques-
tions f should have answered him differently,
legislation. T^his is the substance of those de- i| but as his questions imply a^wisli
cisions. Authorities are abundant on this point.
I It ought to be regarded as a closed question.
I Seein?, then, that the power does exist, that
i if not exercised, the institution, as I remarked
! on yesterday, being a bold trespasser, will invade
; our Territories, and then protect itself there by
| laws, and regarding it as a moral wrong which
ought not be increased or extended; an injury
1 to the white race to which they ought not to be
subjected where it can be avoided, I wish to
prohibit, by law, its introduction, or rather,
continuance, in Kansas and Nebraska. It was
prohibited from there once, and it kept out. The
prohibition was withdrawn, and it has gone in;
and now I wish to turn it out again. I insist it
should again be turned out, for the reasons given.
t This I also believe will give peace to the coun-
try, and all profess to desire that. Such is my
answer to the gentleman's first question; I fear
it is neither very clear nor satisfactory.
As to Iiis other question—to wit: what was the
position of my competitor in our canvass for
Congress, as to whether the passage of the Kan-
! sas and Nebraska act prohibited or allowed
i slavery to go into those Territories before they
: become States?—I have to remark, that my com-
! petitor is nothere at present. I am notwiiling to
make a statement as to his position, which now
only rests in the recollection of men, and if acci-
dentally I should do him injustice, he might not
be easily able to put himself right. But I may
refer to the position of the public press of my State
and district enlisted in the same cause with my
competitor and urging his success. Their issues
in my district were as abundant as the leaves on
the trees. They were regarded as defining, and
intending so to be understood , the position of the
party with whom my competitor acted. If, from
want of recollection, I misstate that position, a
reference to the columns of those papers will
readily correct the error
I believe the law is, he is entitled to a frank re-
sponse. That I have given. It may not be en-
I understood that position to be distinctly stated, j I who desire to do so
titled to much weight, as I pretend to no thorough
knowledge of that science, although it has occu-
pied most of my attention for a dozen or more
years past.
I have only to add that gentlemen need not be
startled at my "higher-law " notions, as I am
unable to see that the Constitution of the country
is in conflict with that law.
Mr. COX. I did not ifttend to go into the dis-
cussion of.the constitutional question, further
than to exactly state the position which I occupy.
I know that many gentlemen, North and South,
entertain very different sentiments on the subject.
Mr. QUITMAN. Mr. Clerk, I rise to a ques-
tion of order. I am well aware that this body is
not governed, at present, by any rules; but we
cannot be ignorant that there are some regula-
tions of order which belong to every deliberative
assembly. The question which I now propose
is, whether or not members can, on the resolu-
tion now before the House, enter into a discussion
of all the interesting questions which are ex-
pected to attract the attention of the country
during the present session of Congress? There
are gentlemen upon this floor for whom those
who have spoken cannot well speak. I wish to
be heard on these subjects when they come up
properly for debate. I do not care about occu-
pying the attention of the House in these pre-
liminary skirmishes; and I represent my own
opinions, as well as those of otners in this Hall,
when I say that they do not desire to have the
views expressed by some members published as
those entertained by the entire South. I there-
fore hope that gentlemen will confine themselves
to the question under debate. When this great
subject, which is to attract the attention of Con-
fress and the country, comes properly before us,
trust that, then, all may be allowed to speak
and to be this: that, in the repeal of the Missouri
compromise, no right was given to take or hold a
slave in those Territories—that they were in every
sense /ree Territorios, and slavery could not exist
there until provided for by a constitution and
laws. That until such constitution and laws
should be adopted, if slaves were taken there by
their owners, they were thereby emancipated—
und that such was the case not only in Kansas
and Nebraska, but in all the territory outside
of the State of Missouri, to which the restriction
of 1820 applied, whether the territory was north
or south of the parallel of 36° 30'; and so, in
fact, freedom had. gained by the repeal of the
Missouri restriction. Of course, from what I
: have already said, it will be seen I did not believe
1 this to be true, but just the reverse.
I The gentleman may indulge me tb remark,
While I am up I will, with the indulgence of
the gentleman from Kentucky, give notice that,
when the Clerk's table is cleared of business, I
shall propose, preliminary to the organization of
the House, and before the adoption of the rules,
a rule for the regulation of debate.
Mr. COX. 1 he gentleman does not propose
it for adoption now?
* Mr. QXTITMAN. No, sir; I give notice that
I shall hereafter offer it. It is as follows:
Resolved, That no member shall occupy more than fif-
teen minutes in debate on any question before the House,
except by unanimous consent of the House; nor shall any
member speak more than once on any motion, or resolu-
tion, until every member desiring to speak shall have spoken
thereon.
Mr. COX. I will now endeavor to confine
myself to the question before the House, that is,
th6 organization tff the body* I trust, however,
