165®
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 17,
the gentleman desires to throw any blame on the
Secretary 'of War, but that inference might be
drawn. That public functionary has performed
his duty. His acts are the subject of public
scrutiny; and it is no more than proper that he
should desire to put himself right before the
country, and show that he has discharged his
duty faithfully and properly.
Now, sir, what was the first proposition pre-
sented to the Senate in regard to this matter? It
was to remove the armory to Judiciary square.
That square is already occupied; and woulcl you
locate a parade ground, and would you -turn
loose the roar of artillery, and the parade of
troops and horses, in the vicinity of the hospital
and the courts of justice? That seems to me to
be out of the question. Where, then, is this
institution to be located? The impression is
thrown out that it is loeated on a favorite spot
on the Mall, and blurs and destroys all the beauty
of that public walk. Does not the gentleman
know that the Mall has been laid off into streets
—that streets are running north and south and
east and west, through it? By the glance which
I have been able to bestow on the report of
the Secretary of War, I learn that such is
the fact. If the gentleman had used the argu-
ments which he now uses, when the attempt was
made to run the canal through-—if he had been
on the floor of the Senate and had used these
arguments when Congress disposed of the prop-
erty contiguous to the Mali on Pennsylvania
avenue, from Third to Sixth streets, they would
have come with much force. Then a sufficient
quantity of land could have been preserved to
insure all that the gentleman seems to desire on
that point; and in this desire of his I concur
most heartily.
Mr. President, I do not wish to detain the Ren-
ate; it is rarely that I trouble them; but as I
offered the resolution which elicited the informa-
tion communicated m the last report of the Sec-
retary of War, because I felt that injustice had
been done to that officer in the performance of a
responsible duty, I am disposed to be particular
in stating the facts. The President of the United
States has told you that he made the location.
Cannot we trust him? Does he show that he
was indifferent to the matter. He says:
" The selection of the site- was made after a full Ivming
of till! panics itifoie-.tod, and a personal examination by
myselfof all the.s>te  su^ested as suitable for the innpo-o."
Would you ask anything more of the Chief
Magistrate of this Union? He says the site was
selected after he had heard all the parties inter-
ested. He gave his directions to the Secretary
of War on the subject, ond the Secretary re-
ferred it to f-olonel Cr.ug. Colonel Cuug fella
you, wifh jgi«at mimiti i>< ,-s and exactness, the
desire which he had to make the best selection
which he could for the site. fJc examined all
the points suggested, and he has detailed them
in his report. Is all this to pass unheeded and
unobserved by the Senate of the United States?
Bo it so. I want, however, to put the facts right
and correctly before the country. I do not see
that there should be cause for feeling on any side
hero. I have no doubt that my honorable fuend
from Mississippi, and hi.-s committee, have actcd
according to the dictates of their best and impar-
tial judgment; but fhe fact* are presented to the
Senate, and we have a right to scrutinize and de-
liberate on those tacts, and to form our own con-
clusion on them. I am ficmk to say that if I had
at first known the facts as 1 now understand them,
and as they have been submitted to the Senate, I
should never have concurred with my friend from
Mississippi in giving these instructions to the
committee. I should havetaken a differenteouisu;
and though I might not be willing to approve this
appropriation at first as an original question,
standing m the position which it does now, con-
sidering the large amount of damages which will
be sustained by stopping it, and under the full
conviction which I believe to be the fact, that the
best selection has be .n made which could have
been obtained in the city of Washington, 1 shall
vote against this bill.
I dislike to detain the Senate, but I deem it duo
to the Secretary of War that the facts should be
known to the Senate. It was only yesterday
evening that I learned that his last report had
been printed. I was nothere at the moment when
it was presented to the Senate, and had not thtte
to glance over the manuscript. It was but yes-
terday I learned that it had been printed and for-
warded here; and being the original mover of the
resolution, 1 felt anxiety to ascertain what was
in it. I sent for a copy and examined it. Now,
i appeal to Senators, if they have examined the
report, and if they are prepared now to vote on
this subject? I am not remarkable for my literary
pursuits, but I felt it my duty to examine the re-
port; and I say that the facts which it presents
are eminently worthy of the consideration of the
Senate. What does the Secretary of War tell
you? What does Colonel Craig tell you? What
does the President tell you ? That this is the
best location that could have been made in the
city of Washington. You find, besides, that the
Secretary of War says the location is isolated
from the residue of the Mall by three streets, and
is a portion of the Mall on which scarcely any
other public building can be put.
Mr. BROWN. The President never said any
such thing; I must correct my friend; nobody
has said so, because this location is on one por-
tion of a seventeen-acre piece of ground, which
is one solid mass. I am sure nobody has said so
officially.
Mr. FXTZPATRICK. I may be mistaken;
but here is the report;
{C In the scchon between Sixth and Seventh streets, by
the change in the direction of the canal, more than one
fourth of this part has been peinianemly eut off and occu-
pied by the canal; a pait of it is rented "our by ihe corpora-
tion. and is now occupied by lumber, wood, and coil;
while the remaining partis peimanently cut off by streets
fiom the other parts of the Mali."
I think that bears me out in the assertion.
Mr. BROWN. I state again, on actual survey,
that the piece of ground on which this lot stands,
measures now about s#entcen acres solid, with
no street running through it. It was originally
a part of a much larger piece of ground, which
everybody knows has hern cut up by these
streets being run through it.
Mr. Fl FZPATR1CK. Well, sir, here it is in
the report. It continues after what I havejustread:
In a comer of this alreadv permanently mutilated sec-
tion is the site selecred by the President for the building to
contain the aims of the volunteer, the military tiophies,
and newly invented aims for the military service, tn the
original design this section is divided mto two parts by the
grand thoroughfare hcietofore noticcd.''
In consequence of the rigid and severe scrutiny
to which these officers have been subjected, the
Secretary of War has in his report presented
the facts minutely. I call for the reading of this
document. I think it sheds great light on the
subject.
Mr. BROWN. Docs the Senator ask to have
that whole long report read?
Mr. FITZPATRICK. Yes, sir.
Mr. BROWN. I object.
Mr. FITZPATRIClL I ask that it be read
a^ a port of my remarks.
Mr. BROWN. I do not want to charge my
friend from Alabama with anything unfair, but
here js a long paper which it will take all day to
read. It has been printed and laid on the tables
and desks of Senators. I object, and ask the
sense of the Senate on the reading of the docu-
ment-
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I am sure my
friend from Mississippi is wrong on the point of
order. He certainly cannot object to the reading
of a communication which was called for by a
resolution of the Senate.
Mr. BROWN. The communication was read
and ordered to be printed, and has been printed
by direction of the Senate.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. But I hope that
no Senator will suppose for a moment that an-
other Senator has not the right to call for the
reading of a communication in response to a res-
olution of the Senate. That cannot be. I sub-
mit the question of order.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Secre-
tary will read the rule on the subject.
The Secretary read the 14th rule:
" 14. When the reading of a piper is called for, and the
same is objected to by any member, it shall he determined
by a vote of the Senate, and Without debate."
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The question
is, Shall the paper he read?
Mr. FITZPATRICK. I wish to make it a
part of my speech. I can read it myself if ne-
cessary, but I prefer that the Secretary should
read it.
Mr. BROWN. If my friend determines to
detain the Senate by the reading of the paper, to
which nobody will listen, I would as soon have
the clerk read it as himself; but it has been printed,
it has been lying: here 
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Debate is not
in order. The question is, Shall the paper be
read ?
It was decided in the negative.
Mr. FITZPATRICK. Then I shall have the
trouble of reading it myself; but I really think it
is a document which ought to be read. I never
annoy the Senate unnecessarily, and I should not
have called for the reading of this paper now but
that I believed Senators had not examined it. I
never saw it until last night. I am not disposed
unnecessarily to trouble the Senate with a matter
that does not seem to be in accordance with their
taste. My sole object for desiring it to be read
was that the Senate should really understand the
question. I assure the gentleman and the Senate
that I do not do it for the purpose of consuming-
time unnecessarily, but I felt assured that, as it
had so recently come here, Senators had not had
time to turn their attention to it; and I deemed it
proper to submit it.
Mr. BROWN. Let me ask the gentleman this
question : Does he suppose any Senators would
listen to that paper, except one or two, if he
should have it read ? My objection to reading the
paper is that it is a waste of time. Everybody
knows that Senators are not going to listen to a
printed paper of ten or fifteen pages. If my friend
wants to make it a part of his speech he can
do so.
Mr. FITZPATRICK. I do not want to pub-
lish it as a speech, but I want to set the Secretary
of War right.
Mr. BROWN. Nobody will listen to the
reading of a long document like that.
Mr. FITZPATRICK. I shall not trouble the
Senate by having it read. T should like to hear
it myself; but as a majority seem inclined not to
have it read, I will not do anything against their
wishes. I will content myself for the present
with what I have said until I hear something
calling for an answer.
Mr. BROWN. I wish, in reply to the speech
of my friend from Alabama, to say but a word or
two m relation to the official document on the
subject of damages, which has constituted the
staple of his speech. Now, how is that enormous
bill of damages made up? The official report
says there is a charge of $33 97 for excavation.
That was all the work that had been done which
could not be turned to account when this report
was made; and I assert again, upon my responsi-
bility as a gentleman and a Senator, that when
this movement was made a spade had not been
stuck in the ground, for I went upon it and
inspected it. Nothing had been done except to
buy materials. What was the amountofexpend-
iture on all accounts when this report- was
made? The official report shows that they had
expended_ for window-frames, rough sheds,
wrought iron door-fenders, cast iron spouting,
columns, bolt, blue rock, mortar,cement, bricks,
&c., $5,534 80. The whole of that sum is for
material bought, except $33 97; and whit do they
report that they can get for if? They say they
can sell it for $1,383 70. They have purchased
articles for $5,534 80, which upon their own re-
port they say they can only sell for $1,383 70.
That is where your $24,000 damages come from
so for.
Now, what is the next item > Mark you, Sen-
ators, they have purchased articles which amount
to $5,500, and they have done $3 i 97 worth of
work. The next item shows that they claim for
damages $15,406, independent of loss on what
they bought.
Mr. FITZPATRICK. State what that is for.
Ml*. BROWN. I will read it,
" After delivering the above materials on ihe ground to
the United States, on or about May 1, 1836, they Then
claim, (that h, on May 1, 1856,) should the order to stop
work be received ou that day, damages to the amount of
§13,40(5."
Damages for what? Damages for buying
$5,500 of material, which can be sold only at a
loss of $4,000. They have only done $33 97
worth of work; they claim $15,000 damages on
|33 97 worth of labor.
That is your official report! That is the docu-
