40
appendix to the congressional globe.
"34th Cong....1st Sess. Organization of the House—Mr. Burnett, Mr. Etherulge,etc,
[December 21,
Ho. of Reps.
the
con,
Territory without any law whatever, pro or
upon the subject. Therefore, I want the
gentleman to show how the Constitution carries
slavery there. It is very important to the slave-
holder to know by what process this is done; for
if, when the slaveholder goes to Kansas, he finds
no local law there upon the subject, and has to
look alone to the Constitution, he should know
how to invoke its aid. And if the argument of
the gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. Jones]
be true, that the Territorial Legislature cannot
establish slavery there, and it be also true that
the Kansas bill left us without any law, what is
to become of the slaveholder while the country
is subject to a territorial government alone?
Then, again, there is this further difficulty.
The gentleman admits that the people of any j
State in the Union may abolish slavery. He ;
does not deny the proposition. Then, while the j
people of every State may abolish slavery, yet, ,
according to his doctrine, that the Constitution
carries slavery into the Territories, there would be
no power whatever by which to get slavery out
of a Territory. We are presented with this
anomaly, that while every State might free itself
from the institution of slavery, or establish it,
the Territories, if they have not population sum- j
cient to form a State, would be left with slavery !
forced upon them by the Constitution, without j
any power on their part, or the part of Congress, ;
to abolish it, although every inhabitant in the
Territory might be anxious to destroy it.
I call the attention of the gentleman to these
.thing? for this reason: the southern portion of
the Democratic party, and a portion of the south-
ern Whigs, in 1848,-'49, and '50, denounced
squatter sovereignty as being the Wilmot proviso
in disguise. The only exception I remember
was my honest and consistent colleague, [Mr.
Jones.] He has always been an advocate of the
doctrine. But the southern Democracy, for the
sake of "Nationality," I suppose, have, at last,
" backed down," and now take the doctrine of
squatter sovereignty as medicine for all the dis-
eases of their party. I will, at the proper time,
be heard upon the subject, and after the gentle-
man's speech has been published, I will take
occasion to expose some of the heresies to which ■
I think he has subscribed. I say this much only,
because I have not the floor to go into a full ex-
amination of the subject now. I desire him to
fortify what I conceive is an erroneous position
with authority and argument, because 1 design
to meet it, if not with argument, at least with ,
authority. I call his attention to it also, because
I believe it right that he should give his reasons
for the position he has assumed—a position to
which I will not subscribe while, as a southern
man, I can occupy grounds so much more im-
pregnable. The gentleman's speech, in my judg- j
ment, does not present the true position of the
South, or the ideas of southern statesmen, and j
fbr that reason I desire that my protest should j
.go out with his speech. The true position of
the South is, that slavery in the States is author-
ized by law—it is ours by adoption, and subject !
to the exclusive control of the people among '
whom it exists; and that the Constitution carries
it nowhere, nor anywhere destroys it.
The gentleman from South Carolina [Mr.
Keitt] asks here if Congress has power over the
subject of slavery in the Territories of the United
States ? I have always said that the Constitution
gives Congress no power over the subject of
slavery in the Territories; but no man has yet :
heard me argue that proposition. I take the >
position that the Constitution gives no sttgh
power; and I leave to others to enforce the prep-
osition by argument. The honorable Senator
from Michigan, [Mr„CAss,]—and I suppose 1
have a right to allude to gentlemen in the other
end of the Capitol, since we are unorganized—the
honorable Senator from Michigan has said that
Congress has no power over the subject of sla-
very in the Territories; and from this very want
of power he deduces the doctrine of popular or
squatter sovereignty. Why, if Congress has no
power— to take the position assumed by General
Cass, and I do not see how we can avoid taking
his position—the people who go into the Terri-
tories tftust have the power upon the acknowl-
edged pti&ciple that all naen who assemble
together in large numbers have a right, m the
absence of laws, to adopt such regulations as
they deem proper for their safety, and to frame
and regulate their domestic institutions in their
own way, especially where there is no power to
restrain them. Then it comes to this at last: that
if Congress have no power over the subject in the
Territories, the people thereof must have it out-
side and independent of the Constitution. That
is the position to which we must come; I see no
other alternative. I am, therefore, forced to be-
lieve that the Kansas-Nebraska bill conferred
upon the people of the Territory what we of the
South call squatter sovereignty, and what the
people of the North call popular sovereignty,
which is the right of the Territorial Legislature
to establish or prohibit slavery.
I am called upon now to affiliate with that por-
tion of the NebuMka Democrats who tell me that,
by the destruction of the Missouri compromise
line, the people of the North will override, the
South and carry their free institutions as far even
as the Isthmus of Darien. Why, sir, I see no
difference between the Republican party—the
black Republican party, jf you please—and that
portion of the Nebraska Democrats at the North
who have taken a stand in favor of squatter
sovereignty; because they all war on the institu-
tions of the South. The only difference between
this Republican party and those distinguished
men at the North who have supported the Kansas-
Nebraska bill, is as to the means of destroying
slavery in the South. Why, sir, Senators and
Representatives who voted for that bill, went
home and defended their course on the ground
that the bill was in favor of freedom. And this
Democratic Administration, which is heralded all
over the South as a blessing to the country, has
said, through its Executive,—and no man has
denied it,—that the South and the North should
have changed positions on that question. And
-why? He declared the bill to be "a proposition
in favor of freedom;" and that, should it pass,
though we might absorb the whole of Mexico
hereafter, yet, we would never, under the princi-
ples of the bill, have another slave State added to
the Union.
Now, I ask my southern friends what they
mean by this Nebraska test1 I want to know
what difference there is between the northern
opposers of the Kansas bill and those northern
men who have supported it on the ground that
they had a redundancy of population, and that,
with their twenty millions of people emigrating
rapidly in a direct line to the West, backed by
the immense emigration from Europe, and aided
by alien suffrages, they could go there and not
only make Kansas and Nebraska free States,
but, in their own language, "Carry the war into
Africa," by creating free States south of the Mis-
souri compromise line ? And some have boasted
that the country west of Arkansas, and northern
Texas itself, would fall victims to.their rapacity,
and all be converted into free States. The
only difference I know to exist beween your
northern Nebraska Democrats and the northern
Republican party is as to the best means of
hedging in and destroying the institution of
slavery. You may examine the speeches of most
of those gentlemen of the North who have
justified their action on the Kansas-Nebraska
bill, and you will find that they have placed their
justification on the ground that it was the best
thing that could be done to destroy slavery.
There are gentlemen here who have done so.
They, at the time the bill was pending, said that
it concealed the idea of squatter sovereignty; and
our southern friends did not deem it proper to
meet the difficulty directly in a fair way. And,
while it was pending, the honorable member from
Maine [Mr. Fuller] offered an amendment, put-
ting that question beyond all cavil and dispute.
That amendment was voted down upon the ground
that the principle was already in the bill.
I hope the House will pardon me for having
trespassed so long on its time. What I have
said I have addressed chiefly to my honorable
friend on the right, [Mr. Cox,] and I trust that,
as he has the floor, he will pursue his train of
argument, and finish the able speech he has com-
menced. "I want to hear him on these points,
that I may be convinced or have an opportunity
of replying to him at length, as under the hour
rule, which will be in force when the House is
organized, it would be impossible for me to reply
fully to all the gentleman's positions from which
I dissent. As I remarked before, I would be
glad to hear his authorities and reasons in detail,
especially on the constitutional difficulty I have
suggested. I say that the South may bid defiance
to northern interference while we occupy the true
ground in the controversy; and I never will sur-
render that high ground for the purpose of beg-
ging rights under the Constitution which I have
independent of it. The South has always, in
fact, stood upon the ground that it does not in-
voke the Constitution to protect slavery, and that
the North eannot invoke it to destroy it.
Mr. BURNETT. Will the gentleman from
Tennessee [Mr. Etheridge] allow me to ask
him one question ? .
Mr. ETHERIDGE. Certainly—a hundred, if
you choose.
Mr. BURNETT. The question which I de-
sire to put to the gentleman from Tennessee is
this: whether be is a brother of my colleague
from Kentucky [Mr. Cox] so far as the American
organization is concerned?
Mr. ETHERIDGE. That matter will all
come up for discussion in proper time, and I will
then answerany questions the gentleman may ask
ma. If he will ask me now any question perti-
nent to the discussion, I will take pleasure in
giving him a pertinent reply; but the House will
at once see the irrelevancy of his question, and
consequently appreciate the reply which I have
made.
Mr. BURNETT. The opposition in this
House to the American or Know Nothing party
have been called upon here to-day by my col-
league [Mr. Cox] as witnesses against the Dem-
ocratic party with which I stand identified. I
understand the gentleman from Tennessee [Mr.
Etheridge] to take issue with my colleague on
the point of the power of Congress on the subject
of slavery in the Territory of Kansas. I desire
now, for the purpose of having it go before the
country—that it may see how much peace and
harmony is in this party—my friend from Ten-
nessee to answer the question and say whether
he does not stand on the same identical platform
on which the gentleman from Kentucky [Mr.
Cox] stands, so far as the American or Know
Nothing organization is concerned ? The ques-
tion is a legitimate and proper one; and this
House can determine as to the candor and fair-
ness with which the gentleman answered it.
Mr. ETHERIDGE. I have no hesitation in
informing the gentleman from Kentucky, [Mr.
Burnett,] that, after the Philadelphia platform
was made, I indorsed it before my constituents
as containing principles which no party in this
country had ever seriously disputed.
Mr. COX. My colleague might not have asked
his question, if he had only listened to what I
•aid the other day,that "he who fought with me
in that fight, and outlivedit, should bemy brother,
be he e'er so vile." I was going to say,in reply
to the questions propounded by my friend from
Tennessee, [Mr. Etheridge,] who desires that 1
should go into a constitutional argument as to
the power in Congress, or the absence of power
in Congress, to legislate on the subject of slavery,
that he will very readily perceive that I ought
not to enter upon an argument of that sort now,
and particularly so since he declares in his speech,
that he desires me to make my argument, not for
the purpose of his agreeing with me, but that he
may at a proper time try to refute it. My time
will not allow me, after trespassing so long on
the patient attention of the House, to gratify my
friend to the extent of his wishes.
I will state to the gentleman, very briefly how-
.ever, what I conceive to be the true doctrine
upon that subject. He labors under a misappre-
hension if he supposes that I have entertained
the idea, or expressed it, that Congress has
power over slavery in the States, or that slavery
was established anywhere by the Constitution of
the United States. The States themselves, and
the right to property in the States, existed prior
to the formation of the Constitution. That Con-
stitution is somewhat in the nature of a confeder-
ation between the States, and in other respects
