50
THE mmmMmanw ulobe.
December 19,
these petitioners' ask" slidilld be "'paid Were paid
"tffider the treaty 6f Louisiana of 1803. NSw, the
wholeiquestion is )"cdiK'i'd to a;quesUon of f&;t.
•If it be true StKat these claims were paid under
the treaty of 1803,. there ought to be an end of
.them. " If, oa the oflier- hftnd, it-be. not true—and
,Wat ts'the. pofy'^'oiind, upon-which the veto is-
'founded—the elaims daght' to be "paid. . ,. _ ,
fWhtq'tfo m&sage came in at the last session,
X was conscious, of thefact that there did. exist
in the Department of State testimony that w.ould
conclusively .reltyte' the 'foundation, upon' which
tlie."whole message proceede'd. There I.knew
'cciuld be-fouiid the names of all, the .claimants,who
were paid .under the-tre'aty of 1803,'arid there
also were'the names of the elaimants'for indem-
nities ¥or spoliations" committed, by the French
prior to 18Q0. -The two lists have been since
published, knd it appears that not a single one
of those who" ask" for indemnity from_ th'isGov-
ernment :on account of these spoliations is in-
cluded in-'the-payments made under the treaty of
•1803. I'forbear togo On with the discussion;
I .rose only to make this remark; but at some
•.future day I shall'call up these, petitions for the
purpose of considering the subject more fully.
The 'PRESIDENT. The "petitions will lie
upon the table.
"WITHDRAWAL OF PAPERS.
On motion by Mr. CASS, ,it was
Ordered, Tliat Ileuben Wood have leave to withdraw his
petition and papers.
On motion by Mr. SUMNER, it was
Ordered, That Richard S. Co.vc have leave to withdraw
his petition and papers, for the purpose of presentation to
•the Court of Claims.
On motion' by Mr. STUART, it was
■ Ordered, That John Spencer have leave to withdraw his
'memorial and papers from the tiles of the Senate, in order
to present them to the Court of Claims.
Oa motion by Mr. YULEE, it was
Ordered, That the papers of John Tucker be withdrawn
ffpw the .flies., of the Senate, and referred to the Committee
on Military Affairs.
PENSION LAWS.
On motion by Mr. FOOT, it was
Resolved, That the Committee on Pensions be directed to
inquire into the expediency of extendtog tlio benefits of the
existing pension laws to tlie surviving officers and soldiers
of the war of 1812, and to the widows and minor children
of those who are deceased.
NOTICE OF A BILL.
Mr. BUTLER gave notive Of his intention to
ask leave to introduce a bill in relation to punish-
ment in the penitentiaries.
ERRONEOUS REFERENCE. ,
Mr. EVANS. Mr., President, some days ago
a petition, of "William Anderson, praying for re-
muneration for losses sustained in consequence
of the death of his brother of disease contracted in
the'military service during the last war with Great
Britain, was referred to the Committee on Revolu-
tionary Claims. That committee <lo not consider
this as a case coming within their province, and
they have therefore directed me to report it back
to the Senate, and ask to be discharged from its
consideration, and that it be referred to the proper
committee. It. should go properly either to the
Committee on Claims or the Committee oil Mili-
tary Affairs, f do not know which.
The PRESIDENT. The Committee on Rev-
olutionary Claims will be discharged from the
further consideration of the subject.
1 The petition "was referred to the Committee on
I Military Affairs.
^ NAVAL RETIRING BOARD.
Mr. BRODHEAD 'presented the petition of
Peter Wager, jr., late a master in the United
States Navy, remonstrating against the action of
the Naval Board, appointed under the act of Feb-
ruary 28, 1855; which was referred to the .Com-
mittee on Naval Affairs.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. Mr. President, I rise -to
present the memorial of Uriah P. Levy, late
captain in the Navy of the United States, com-
plaining of .the illegal action, in his case, of the
Jate board of naval officers, whereby he has been
«iricken from the rolls, and praying Congress to
pass a law annulling, as to him, the report and
ifiiKjiag of the board, and restoring him to his
former place in the Navy; praying also the Sen-
ate, is the mean time, to suspend action on the
nomination, if any should be made, of,any person
to fill the-pla.ee he held. I move that it be referred
to the Corn'mittee on Naval Affairs;" and11 hope
they will think it w'orthy of a very carefulperusal
ana examination. It is a paper drawn "ttp>witlr
great ability. The terms and-purposes of the
act of .Congress - aire very carefully scrutinized
.and ascertained, for the purpose of showing that
this, case does not come within the scope of the
" iegjifelation designed by the passage of that law.
L The ijigmfjrial was referred to the Committee
on Naval*'Affairs..
, 'Mr,' JQNJ2S, of Tennessee. I offer the follow-
ing resoration:,
■Resolved,- Thauhe .Secretary of the Navy be "directed to
furnish tiie senate with a copy of the proceedings of the
board of navy bfficcrs, appointed'under the act of Congress
passed on' the SStli day of .February, 1855, entitled "An
act to promote the efficiency of the.- Navy," embracing
sucli charges as liave .been pieferr.ed against the several
officers of the Navy who have been.dismissed from the
public service or placed on the reserved list.
If there be no objection,-1 should like to have
this resolution considered now.
Mr. BRODHEAD. I would suggest to my
-friend from Tennessee, as the chairman of the'
Committee'on Naval Affairs [Mr. Mallort] is
absent, the, propriety of suffering this resolution
to lie over until to-morrow or the next day, as
he is expected here' from day to day.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. If the Senator
objects to the resolution, it must lie over as a
matter of course.
Mr. BRODHEA D. The chairman of jthe Com-
mittee on Naval Affairs reported the bill under
which this board held its sessions, and I think it
is due to him that all steps taken in the Senate in
reference to it should be in his presence.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I have no dispo-
sition to press the resolution now, but I desire to
have this information at the proper time. I am
willing that it shall lie over for the present.
Mr. CLAYTON. It appears to mo that the
examination to which this'resolution must lead,
as well as that to which the memorial presented
by my friend from Kentucky must lead, ought
to be conducted in the executive sessions of the
Senate. Honorable gentlemen who will reflect
for a moment how deeply this investigation must
concern those who have been the subjects of the
repprt of the Naval Board, will see the peculiar
propriety of having the whole matter first con-
sidered in executive session. I do not venture
to make any remark which can by possibility
hurt the feelings of any officer who has been
under the consideration of this board, and I feel
confident that the Senate, if they should sustain
the action of the board, will desire to do it in such
a way as will be least offensive to those who have
been " dropped from the naval list. I can very
"well understand, that if all the information that is
in the possession of the' Department is to be pre-
sented here in public session, in pursuance of the
resolution of my honorable friend from Tennes-
see, great injury will be done to many persons
whose conduct has been the subject of considera-
tion in this board. I say no more than merely to
throw out this idea.
Mr. BUTLER. Mr. President, I agree en-
tirely with what has been said by the honorable
Senator from Delaware. I have some constituents
who complain of the conduct of this board, and
I have reserved what I intended to say upon that
subject for the deliberation of the Senate in ex-
ecutive session; because, in that relation to the
President, we are his advisers, and I should de-
plore to have this subject assume the shape of a
matter of popular discussion. Iam perfectly will-
ing to give it a fair consideration, both as it re-
gards the board that has pronounced upon these
gentlemen, retiring or furloughing them, and as
regards the justice of the sentence of those who
have been dismissed. But I do think—I give it
as my suggestion merely—that all these questions
should be reserved for executive session. I have
committed to me now the cases of three gentle-
men from South Carolina, and I shall reserve
.them for executive session, believing that to be
the true course.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. Mr. President, I
should certainly be inclined very much to defer
to the opinions of my friends, the Senator from
Delaware aud the Senator from South Carolina,
but I a.m unable to arrive at the conclusion which
they have announced. I do not propose, how-
ever, to debate this question. I think it is not in
order to do so. It is not before the Senate. The
"resolutiongoes over, as a matter of course, under
the rule, o'bjection having been made to its con-
sideration now. -I shall call it- up "at, some early
day, at least as^early a day as I can after the ar-
rival of the chairman of the Committee on Naval
Affairs; and,I shall be able then, I.t-hink, to de-
monstrate to the satisfaction of some; gentlemen
that we cannot, in justice to many gentlemen who
are interested in.this subject, do otherwise .than
give them a fsur hearing .before the country._ I
am tired of secret sessions. One objection which
I have to the action of this board is, that it was
a secret one. What is said, I desire to be said
openly and above-board. That is the feeling I
have; but it is not in order to discuss the matter
now. Let it go over.
Mr. BELL, of Tennessee. I have had ill my
hands for several days«a memorial of the nature
of the one presented by the honorable Seiiatorfrom
Kentucky, [Mr. Crittenden.] I have delayed
presenting it for the reason that I,supposed it
probable that a matter of so much importance as
the manner in which the requirement of the law
of the last Congress upon this subject had been
carried into execution by the Executive, would
.be made the subject of some remarks in the mes-
sage of the President of the United States, which
we cannot expect.until thp House of Representa-
tives shall be duly organized, and the President
notified of that fact. I think it not unlikely that
the President may lay such views before both
Houses of Congress on that subject, as piay pre-
vent some, if not all, the examinations which
may be proposed by individual members of the
Senate or of the House of Representatives; and
I should be opposed to discussing this subject—
at large, at all events—or going into any inves-
tigation on the part of the Committee on Naval
Affairs, of %vhich I am a member, and to which
some of these memorials are addressed, until we
shall hear from the Executive on the subject.
Then, my opinion is, the Senate will find them-
selves under obligation to pursue such course
as they may think expedient, in regard to the
redress which may seem to be due to the late
officers of the Navy who conceive they have been
injured; and, if that course requires public dis-
cussion, I think there is nothing in the nature of
the proceedings, or of the subject, which ought
to prevent it. But if the nature of the redress be
not of that character, or if the Senate shall be of
opinion, in Executive session, after consultation,
that there is no redress required on the part of
anybody, then it will be perceived there will be
no necessity for public discussion; but if there
should be, I can see no other means of arriving
at it than by open discussion in the Senate as
well as in the House. If, however, we can pre-
vent that, I shall be very happy indeed. At all
events, I think it is rather premature to be dis-
cussing or considering these subjects at all, until
we hear the views of the Executive as to the man-
ner in which the law of the last session has been
executed, or was sought to be executed.
Mr. MASON. Mr. President, I have been
very forcibly impressed with the view that has
been taken of this question by the honorable
Senator from Tennessee, [Mr. Bell,] in the con-
sideration that I have been required to give to the
feneral subject of the action of this board; and
have so suggested to various officers who feci
that they have been aggrieved by the action of
the board. We do not know—I am sure I do not
know—what may be contained in the annual
message of the President or the report of the
Secretary of the Navy in reference to the results
of the deliberations of the board, and of the exec-
utive action pursuant upon it, upon the general
welfare and condition of the Navy, or in refer-
ence to any wrong which it may be conceived
has been done to any officer of the Navy. But
I am disposed to think that, if the subject shall
be taken up for the deliberation of the Senate, it
will be found to embrace a very large scope of
inquiry—whethe# in executive or in open session,
I am not prepared to say; and I submit to the
honorable Senator who has offered the resolution
(which I understand he proposes to do) to allow
it to lie over until we have the annual communi-
cation containing the views of the Executive, if
there be any submitted, before any action is taken
oil the subject.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. Why, Mr.' Pres-
ident, I believe that is the fact now. "The resolu-
