1855.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
41
34th Cong....I st Sess. Organization of the Home—Mr. Edie, Mr. Cox, Mr. Pearce, etc.
Ho. of Reps.
resembles a government of consolidated and cen-
tral powers. It confers upon Congress certain
powers. Wherever it confers an exclusive power
upon Congress, the States have no power on the
subject; but wherever there is no power ex-
pressly conferred, or properly and necessarily
arising by implication, in order to execute some
expressly granted powers, then the people have
that power in themselves, and may exercise it in
their own way; and hence, upon the subject of
slavery there is no power in the Constitution.
No power has been conferred, by virtue of the
Constitution, to designate what shall be the rule
in reference to the right of ownership in slaves,
or to what section slavery shall be confined. The
Constitution, however, does recognize the exist-
ence of that right, when it provides for the recla-
mation of fugitives from service, by which the
founders of that instrument understood slaves.
I say, then, that there is nc express grant of
power to Congress in reference to the subject,
and there is no need that there should be any; for
does it not follow, that when m^n go from the
States into the Territories of the United States,
the Government of the United States protects
them in whatever is "recognized as property in
the States from which they come? Until the
Territory becomes a State, therefore, if slaves
are earned there they must of necessity be rec-
ognized as such. Then they will decide the
question as they see fit. I hope my friend from
Tennessee understands my position now.
Now, sir, I will not trouble the House by going
any further into the question of slavery in the
Territories. I desire, however, to devote a few
minutes to the discussion of the principles of the
American party, which are charged with the re-
sponsibilty of preventing the organization of the
House. The honorable gentleman from Penn-
sylvania [Mr. J ones j said there could not in his
judgment be any union between the Democrats
and the national American party of the House, '
and his reason was, that the American party held
sentiments that were in his judgment hostile to
civil and religious liberty.
Now, let me notice these charges for a moment.
He said that, if this obstacle could be removed,
they would stand substantially upon the same
platform. Do his objections to the American
.party arise from the secrecy of the party? I
suppose he does not apprehend any danger from
the secret meetings of the people who own the
Government—to whom the Government belongs,
for the purpose of discussing the principles of that
Government. The people who own the Govern-
ment could not consistently hold secret meetings
for the purpose of conspiring against the Gov-
ernment, for that would be a conspiracy against
themselves. Whoeverdistrasts these secret meet-
ings distrusts the honesty, the honor, and the
integrity of the American people. No, sir, secret
.. meetings of the people are dangerous only to
Governments where tyrants rule to oppress the
people. That is not tlie case under the Govern-
ment of the United States, and therefore no dan-
ger need be apprehended from the people who
compose the Government holding meetings in
secret for the purpose of taking into considera-
tion their own affairs. I therefore suppose it can-
not have been from this consideration that the gen-
tleman from Pennsylvania was unwilling for the
Democrats to join the national American party.
But, sir, I have heard it said, and have seen it
stated in the newspapers, that the secret meetings
of the American party were similar to the clubs
that once met in secret in France, which led to so
much bloodshed during the Revolution, and the
.comparison has, in some quarters, given to the
Americans the title of " bloody Know Nothings."
My recollection of the history of that Revolution,
however, is, that these secret societies were not
the causes of the misery, wretchedness, and blood-
shed that were brought upon that nation. It was
a corrupt and doted nobility—a tyrannical hier-
archy, with a mercenary priesthood, that tram-
pled under foot the humble laborers until driven
to the last extremity; and when aroused from the
apathy into which hundreds of years of oppres-
sion had sunk them by the fiery appeals of mighty
intellects to avenge the wrongs of centuries, and
maddened by their oppression, they rushed into I
extmnesaf violence and bloodshed. But the fault
was their oppressors, and not theirs. But in the
I United States these secret societies meet merely
I for the purposes of engineering the business of
j the Government, which belongs to them, and
i which is their proper and legitimate business,
j They protect the foreigner when he comes here
I in all the rights that can safely be intrusted to
| him, but they also protect the citizens of the
; country against strangers, who, when they land
| here, are ignorant of our institutions, until they
j shall have undergone a probation for such time
! as to prepare them for citizenship, when they are
admitted to all the rights of citizenship. That is
| what the American party propose to do. They
want to perpetuate the principles of free govern-
ment upon the Western Hemisphere.
It is said that the American party are hostile to
j religious liberty; that they proscribe men for their
religious opinions. I deny the charge absolutely
and flatly. I deny that there is one syllable in the
American creed that is hostile to religion. My
vote is my own. I have the right to cast it for
whomsoever I please. If there is a man, or set of
men, whom I consider not safe to be trusted with
office, I have the right to cast my vote against
them, just as you have the right to cast your vote
against me. There is no proscription in that.
And the American party have the same right to
say they will not cast their votes for a certain
party or set of men entertaining particular opin-
ions which, in their judgment, are hostile to the
true principles of free government. No, sir, I
have no doubt the American party would rally as
heartily as any party or set of men in the defense
of the Roman Catholic church, should her rights
ever be invaded. Let them have the privileges
; which the law confers upon them. .Let them be
! candidates for office if they please. Let them
convince the popular mind that they entertain
: sentiments very different from those which have
been attributed to them by their own writers. I
will vote for a Catholic as soon as any body
else, when I am convinced that he is not at all
| affected in his political conduct by the opinions ]
j of his superiors, and the obedience which he j
■ gives to the precepts of his church. And there i
; can be no just ground of objection against the !
| American party for these opinions, nor is the ;
charge true that they are in favor of the pro-
scription of civil and religious liberty.
I will allude, before I close my remarks, to the
recent action of the State Council of Pennsylvania.
With the indulgence of the House, I will send
the paper to the Clerk, that it may be read.
The Clerk read as follows:
" American State Council—The American State
Council is bow in session in this city, J. W. Hunsicker,
Esq., President, in the chair.
" The attendance is veiy large, and the utmost harmony
prevails.
" All the delegates subscribed to the following before
taking their seats in the convention:
"The undersigned, delegates to the State Council of Penn-
sylvania, from the subordinate councils of the State, do
hereby declare that they recognize the platform adopted by
the National Council which assembled in Philadelphia in
June last, to be the platform, of the Jlmerican party ; and
farther, do hereby declare that they recognize the State
Council, now holding a session in Philadelphia, of which
Joseph W. Hunsicker is president, to be the only legitimate
State Council of the American party in this State; and that
they owe allegiance and respect only to the said council;
and further, that they will recognize and abide by the plat-
form of the National Council aforesaid, until the same be
altered, modified, or repealed.
" They passed resolutions approving of the course of
Jacob Broom, William Millward, J. R. Edie, and HenryM.
Fuller, Representatives of the American party in the Con-
gress of the United States, in refusing to coalesce with
those who regard outside issues as more important than
Americanism, thus attesting the national character of their
views.
" They passed resolutions expressive of their regret at
the loss sustained by the death of George p. Henszey, a
very prominent member of their party, and of condolence
with the members of his family m their sad bereavement,
and, as an evidence of respect, adjourned, and attended bis
funeral in a body.
"Important standing committees were appointed who
are busy preparing business for the action of the convention.
"A resolution was adopted tendering to the Hon. Hum-
phrey Marshall the thanks of the American party in Penn-
sylvania, for his able and eloquent speech on the subject
of Americanism, delivered on the floor of Congress, and
particularly for the nationality of his sentiments—' regard-
ing no man as an American except he stands on the Phila-
delphia platform."'
Mr. EDIE. Allow me to state, Mr. Clerk,
that that State Council is composed of twenty-two I
seceders. [Laughter;] They are no part of the I
State Council of Pennsylvania. [Laughter and
applause.]
Air. COX. Perhaps they are like some seced-
ers here, having gone off from the State Council
becausc that council refused submission to the
feneral council held at Philadelphia. They may
ave seceded—of that I am not advised; but they
, have now come back to the right ground.
Mr. PEARCE. My colleague [Mr. Edie]
. who made the statement that the council, now in
session at Philadelphia, is composed of twenty-
two seceders, is president of the State Council
proper of Pennsylvania.
! Mr. COX. I would be pleased to hear the
, truth of this matter, as understood by my friend
from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Broom.]
Mr. BROOM stated that the men, charged by his
colleagues to be seceders from the Pennsylvania
State Council, were the true national Americans
of that State, because they acquiesced in the ac-
tion of the National Council, held at Philadelphia.
Mr. COX. The truth I understand is, that
after the National Convention of the American
party at Philadelphia had passed the resolutions
i known as the platform, a number of gentlemen
in Pennsylvania refused to acquiesce m the ac-
tion of that convention; that an effort was made
ill the State Council to release the order in the
State from the authority and principles of the
National Council. This attempt was opposed by
the twenty-two now called seceders. They ac-
knowledged theauthority of the National Council,
and assented to its action; and because tlicy re-
fused to join in the insubordinate movements of
the Free-Soil wing of the order, they are now
i charged with secession from the American party.
I wish we had more secessionists of this class.
, They stand upon the Philadelphia platform, and
their coadjutors have agreed to the resolutions
which have been read. I greet them as National
Union Americans, and trust they may triumph
in their efforts to purge the Atiierican party in
[ Pennsylvania of every sectionalism.
' Mr. Clerk, I think I have sufficiently showp
: that the American party is a national one 1
| think that I have also shown that its members
i cannot by any possibility unite or cooperate with
[ what is called the Republican party of the North.
: I have shown that their views (the American
party) are sound and satisfactory to southern
men. There are men who entertain different
! opinions about the constitutionality of slavery in
the Territories, as there are in the Democratic
! party; but they all agree in the propriety of aban-
doningall further agitation of the slavery question.
; That constitutes the nationality of the party; and
in this national conservative sentiment, anil reso-
lution, gentlemen from the North and South have
united and intend to persevere. We are in favor
of carrying on the various branches of the Gov-
ernment according to the strict letter of the Con-
stitution. What more can be asked? Are we
not the happiest people on earth?
There is presented in this Hall a singular
spectacle. The Representatives of twenty-five
millions of people assemble in Congress, and are
unable to organize. Nevertheless, the people
remain unaffected by it. They have had plentiful
harvests, and now receive high prices for all their
produce. Our naval marine is larger than that
of any other commercial nation. Our sails whiten
every sea, and every quarter of the globe buys
our produce and manufactures. Our people have
everything they can desire; not only comforts,
but luxury and independence. They are entirely
happy. They ask only that they may be let
alone. They want no disturbing legislation.
They, with the American party, ask only one
thin;:—peace. It was for the attainment of that
end that the party was organized. The attempt
has been made to cripple its energies by the
attachment of local sentiments, but they have
been cast off, and the party platform now stands
pure and national.
I trust there may be some sort of approach to
the American party from some quarter, which
will show that it is not the offices they are seeking
here, but simply the organization of the House
and the progress of public business.
I am much obliged to the House for the courtesy
they have shown me in attention to my somewhat
lengthy remarks.
