1652
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July IT,
of that order till final settlement,
at §100 per day, say for three
days, which, in this case, is al-
ready charged above lor the 1st of
May....... •••••• ♦••••• $'300 CO
Whence'the amount to be paid on
the 1st of July, 1830, to Bird &
Co., and the loss to the United
States then would be as nearly as
can be ascertained from their
statement—
Damage and loss on the 1st of July,
1S560 $22,382 00 $24,849 10
Presuming that the law will probably pass by the 1st of
July, 1858, no extension of damages to a later day is herein
inserted.
Washington Arsenat,, Jtpril 30,1858.
WM. II. BELL, Major of Ordnance.
Colonel H. K. Craig, Chief of Ordnance.
That, I believe, embraces all, making altogether
an aggregate of §24,849. I have never held this
up as a just account. I think my friend never
understood me to say thatl indorsed the account,
or that any department of the Government had
indorsed it. X took the ground that, if you re-
jected the account and stopped the work,although
this Senate and this Congress may never provide
for its payment, yet I have seen enough in this
and in previous Congresses to satisfy me that
these claimants will never rest until they have
the full amount allowed them. It is done here
underthe eaves of the Capitol, and it will be paid
sooner or later if we stop this work. This is the
turning point with me. If we have to incur this
immense amount of damage, 1 say the chcaper
plan would be to complete the work and pay the
additional amount of $4,000 or $5,000.
As the Senator has objected to my reading the j
report of the Secretary of War, I feel called upon |
to refer to some portions of it at least. I under-
stood the Senator frrfm Mississippi to take the
ground that this was not an isolated spot of land.
Hear what the report says:
" A number of these yards .ire on (he same section of the
Mall upon which the site w.is ^elertcd lor the public liuild
nig for the aitnory, inditaiy trophic-. nenly invented arms,
&t\, and thutseetion being tiuls aireauy paiualiy disposed
ot l>y Congress-."
I ask the Senate to listen to this, and it will
satisfy my friend, who supposed that I was in
error "in the statement which 1 made, that it was
disconnected from the balance of the Mall:
" And permanently cut otf from the other sections of the
Stall l>v Sixth street, (tile western limit of the control of
the coipnrauon of YVnhin^loii.) and by Seventh street on
the W'M. cannot now lie improved m connection willi The
oilier sections, and it was deemed entirely compatible with
reason and propuety, and in exact compliance with tlie
law of the i;i-.t se^ion of (.'omev—that the President
should M-lert the Mte of tins Imildmg on one end ot iln .
section, completely isolated as it is on three sides by per
inanent public stieets, wlneh cannot be altered without
changing the original plan of the city."
Mr. BROWN. I understood the Senator to
say that the piece of ground on which the house
is to stand, is a little spot cut oft' by itself.
I have admitted all the tune that this tract of
seventeen acres was cut off bv a street from the
original two hundred and fifty acres, as the
Smithsonian part has been cut off, and as the
part on which the Washington monument stands
lias been cut off. It was once all a solid piece
of ground; but 1 stated twenty times over in the
Senate, that this seventeen acres is a solid piece.
Mr. FITZPAT1UCK. I only soy that if this
building was constructed on this part of the Mali'
it would not affect the balance, because it was
isolated by three streets which had literally cut it
off, and these are public streets, and so tegarded.
Now, after what 1 have read, can my friend sav
that that is not isolated and cut off from the rest
of the Mall ? Th^n whence comes all this alarm
about the effect which it is to produce on the
beauty of the Ma!!' The officer who has charge of
the matter, and who has made a full investigation
of it, toils us thnt it is entirely cut off from every
portion of the Mall, and cannot be made use of
in connection with >.t. The great argument of the
gentleman against the continuance of this insti-
tution on these grounds is its effect on the Mall;
that these grounds are to be* held up as great pub-
lic ^ grounds. which should be dedicated to pos-
terity, and to the age ill which we Jive, and that
all'their beauty is to be destroyed by the mere
fact of the location of tin? institution upon them.
No one can doubt the fact, because it is in the
chart accompanying the report of the Secretaiy
of War, that three streets effectually and perma-
nently cut off this piece of ground from the Mall,
and it is not in the least degree affected by it.
There are many portions of the report of the
Secretary of War which I should like to read,
but as the Senate seems disinclined to hear it
read, and I suppose Senators are informed of it,
and 1 was mistaken in supposing they had not
read it, I will not be guilty of such bad taste as
to inflict on the Senate that which they are not
inclined to hear. I have no duty to perform but
to protect the public interest, and do what I be-
lieve to be right in the disposition of this ques-
tion; and hence, though I voted with the Senator
from Mississippi originally to stop the work, the
developments which have been made have satis-
fied me that it would be injurious and improper
to do so, and that the work can be completed
within a few dollars of what we shall incur by
stopping it, without any benefit to the country.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I do not feel any
interest in this controversy going on between my
friends from Alabama and Mississippi. If I un-
derstand the confilst between these gentlemen, it
is not so much on the merits of the bill as on the
location of the armory. If I understood the Sen-
ator from Mississippi when he first called atten-
tion to this subject, he did not take ground
against the construction of this building, but his
objection was to its location. If I remember
aright his argument on that occasion, he was
willing that the work should bo carried on if the
location were changed from the Mall to Judiciary
square, or some other point. I have no opinion
worthy of the slightest consideration—none that
I would trust myself—whether the location is the
best one; nor shall I stop to inquire whether it is
the best location. I am willing to refer the ques-
tion to the proper auth#Hties, and if they nave
been hasty in their decision, let them reexamine
it.
But, sir, I am in favor of the construction of
the building. 1 voted for it two years ago, be-
hoving it to be a proper building, necessary for
the safe-keeping of the public arms. I still think
so. I hope my friend from Mississippi will not
insist on abandoning it because he feels himself
aggrieved by the pertinacity with which these
gentlemen have proceeded with the work. I dare
say he is right m that. I think they acted in bad
temper, at least, in going on m despite of the ar-
gument proceeding in the Senate while the ques-
tion was under consideration, and continuing to
carry their materials there and going on with the
work. 1 think it was a little contemptuous to-
wards the Senate, and I nm not surprised that the
chairman of the Committee on the District of
Columbia should feel it; but I hope he will not
allow his feelings to militate against the public
interests, or against the erection of a public build-
ing which all of us conceived to be necessary only
one short year ago. I want this house built.
I hope the Senate will not sustain the proposi-
tion of the committee to repeal the act making an
appropriation of $30,000for this work. Assuming
it to be true that it is competent for the President,
or the Secretary of War, or the District Com-
mittee, if you please, or somebody else, to select
a proper site for the erection ofthe building, letus
leave the matter for the present, and agree to go
'j on with the work. If the sense of the Senate
| S shall be that the location is an improper one—and
'! such is the inclination of my own mind—s nd that
I! a more suitable site may be selected elsewhere, or
:! that we have not a proper site on the public
|! ground, let us buy a site and erect a building for
'■ the purposes contemplated.
Now, one word as to the question of damages,
about which my friends «eem to be in some con-
troversy. If they will take up the subject quietly,
without any feeiing, they will see that there is no
great difference between them. The Senator from
J Mississippi maintains that the proposition is
ij monstrous on its face; that out of §5,500 only
-! §1,300 can be realized, and thciefore there is a loss
p of §4,200. That is not at all strange, if he will
; look at it quietly. These men have purchased
I these materials, and they belong to them. They
propose to transfer them to the General Govern-
ment. Does not every man know that, when tiie
;i General Government ^oes into market with a
!j commodity, they are alwavs overreached ? When
i| they have to buy, they are required to pay the
j! highest price; when they come to sell, they nl-
i ways get the lowest prise. They buy muskets
for the military service, at private contract, at
from thirteen dollars to seventeen dollars; but
when they come to sell them to George Law, he
pays three dollars. That is the invariable usage
and the result of the Government speculating in
property. Now these men, Bird & Company,
propose that these articles shall be transferred to
the General Government; and if they go into mar-
ket as auctioneers to sell and dispose of them,
my opinion is that you will not realize even
$1,300 for the $5,500, if you put up Uncle Sam in
the market to sell the commodities.
That is not alfthe trouble in this matter. There
is a greater trouble than that. This very bill of
the committee proposes—what?
"Thatthe Secretary ofWarbe, and he is hereby,directed
to pay to the contractors for the erection of said, building
such sum, out of any money in the Treasury not otherwise
appropriated, as will be a fair and just equivalent for any
losses they may sustain on account oi the passage of this act;
and if the said Secretary shall find it necessary, in making
a settlement with said contractors under this act, to take
the whole, or any part of the materials already provided for
the construction of said building, he shall cause the «ame
to be sold, and the money arising from such sale to be paid
into the Treasury."
Now, Mr. President, my experience, and your
experience, and the history of this Government,
shows that these contractors will get very nearly
the original amount of the contract. There is the
case of Glover and Mather, who contracted to
carry the mail annually from Louisville to New
Orleans for, I believe, $180,000 a year. That
contract was taken from them by the Postmaster
General. They came here to the Senate com-
plaining that they were damaged by the arrest of
the contract. That is a case precisely like this.
What was the result of that complaint? The
Congress of the United States passed an act that
the Auditor should investigate the affair,^ and
determine how much damage they had sustained;
and but three days ago he allowed them $200,000
damages upon their contract, which they never
performed, on which they earned not a single
dollar; for they never carried a single mail. Now
you have a case in point. You propose to take
this contract from the men you gave it to. If you
pass the law that they shall be paid the damages
that have accrued, my judgment is, that they will
get very nearly the whole amount of the original
contract price; for they will throw all the mate-
rial on the hands of the Government, which will
be, in fact, a dead loss to the Government, and
they will get paid for their prospective profits just
as these gentlemen did under the law of Congress;
and under your bill they are entitled to prospect-
ive profits.
Now, I submit the question to my friend from
!} Mississippi as it is. I know he has no improper
ij feeling about this matter. He feels of course that
'! he has been treated with some indignity as cliair-
ji man of the District Committee. I grant that he
has been; and if he will only do a little swearing
and cursing at those who have done it, I shall
have no objection; but I do not want the public
! service to be damaged. I submit to him whether
;! it is not best to withdraw the bill and let the
'! building go on at some suitable point, selected
i; by the Committee on the District of Columbia
p and the Senate.
ii Mr. BROWN. The Senator from Tennessee
overlooks the only point in this case. This is
not the committee's bill. As I have already said,
this bill was reported in obedience to an order of
the Senate. I have no power to withdraw it. I
have no authority to amend it. It is the Senate's
bill and not mine. They chose to reconsider my
! bill after they had once passed it, and ordered
j me to report this one in lieu of it, and now I
I leave the Senate to pass it or not just as they
| please, for I do not care a button about it one way
! or the other, beyond trying to rescue what I con-,
j ceive to be a public reservation from ruin. I hops
we sha'l come to a vote.
I Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I do not remem-
j ber saying that it was the bill of the Senator from
i Mississippi.
i Mr. BROWN. But I was speaking of the bill
I of the committee, and the Senator suggested to
me to withdraw it. How can I withdraw it
;; wlien it is brought here by order of the Senate ?
! Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I suggested
i whether he might not consent to withdraw it - I
'! knew very well it was the committee's bill,
! because it bears that fact on its face. I knew it
j was not the bill of the Senator from Mississippi,
