52
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 19,
that it should be restored ; and if efforts to that find should
fail. Confess should refuse to admit any fetate tolerating
slavery, which shall be formed oat ot any P<"Uob ot the
territory from which that institution was cxeludcd by the
compiomise."
Mr. BROOM. If my colleague will allow, I
will explain what was the resolution of only a
portion of the council to which the ge11tlexn9.11
refers. The remaining portion repudiated their
action, and adopted resolutions to that effect.
Mr. BARCLAY. It was the resolution adopted
by a regular meeting of the council held at Read-
in". Tt is somewhat singular that they should
select the stronghold of the indomitable Democ-
racy for their meeting. How many repudiated
that action ? I will tell the honorable gentleman
.from Philadelphia: only ten; ten out of one hun-
dred and seventy-six! That resolution was in-
dorsed by the American party of Pennsylvania.
And I now desire to know when those gentlemen
come upon this floor, and cast their votes tor the
distinguished gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr.
Fuller] as a candidate for the Speakership,
whether they mean us to understand that he stands
011 that resolution or not? The honorable gen-
tleman from Somerset [Mr. Edie] casts his vote
regularly for his colleague, [Mr. Fuller,] and lie
was president of the council which adopted that
■very resolution. Yet the gentlemen come here
and tell us that they are eminently national; that
theirs is the national party ; and that in the Amer-
ican party of Pennsylvania no sectionalism can
be found. And the gentleman from the Schuyl-
kill district [Mr. Campbell] tells us that he was
elected as a Whig: a 'Whig indeed! 1 should
like to exactly understand the position of my col-
leagues who, for the first four or live days, voted
for the distinguished gentleman [Mr. Fuller] as
a candidate for Speaker, notwithstanding the pas-
sage of that resolution which lie indorsed, and
which I suppose he now indorses. Subsequently,
they voted for Mr. Banks of Massachusetts.
Now, I should like to know whether there is
any difference between the honorable gentleman
from Massachusetts [Mr. Banks] and the honor-
able gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. Fuller]
on this particular question. If I understand the.
position of the former gentleman, he takes no
stronger ground on the question than does the
gentleman from Pennsylvania. And yet our
friends from the South, who pretend that we are
sectional ill our feelings, and that between us
there is nil impassable gulf, still cast their votes
for the gentleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Ful-
ler,] who, I presume, stands upon this resolu-
tion. Can they, with any consistency, cast their
votes for htm? I should like to know why they
cannot cast their votes as well for the gentleman
from Massachusetts, [Mr. Banks,] who does not
go a step further? Their positions being identical,
and there being perfect unanimity of sentiment
between these gentlemen, as 1 understand it, I
■should like to know upon whom the responsi-
bility lests of tlie failure to organize this House?
The responsibility rests upon those gentlemen
who pretend to be—and I have no doubt of their
feeling so—eminently national, but who throw
their votes away, and refuse to vote for a gentle-
man who is acknowledged to be perfectly national
in his feelings.
Mr. Clerk, I have 110 desire to detain this
House. I am anxious for its organization; but
at the same time i should like to see that organ-
ization effected upon proper principles. [Loud
trios of '• Call the roll!"]
Mr. WHITNEY obtained the floor.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Pennsylvania. I rise
to make a personal explanation, and 1 hope the
gentieman will yield me the floor for a few min-
utes, [Cries of •' Hear him!"]
Mr. WHITNEY yielded the floor.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I am represented in the
Daily Globe as having said yesterday that the
American party of Pennsylvania were not afraid
of the term " Abolitionist." I beg leave to say
that! did not use that term. I said that the Amer-
ican party of Pennsylvania were not afraid of the
ter.il "Know Nothingism," and I desire to be
corrected in t hat respect.
In reply to my colleague, [Mr. Barclay,] I
will say that I stated yesterday—and I am so
reported—that certain Democratic members of
tins House from the State of Pennsylvania were
eiected openly as Anti-Nebraska men. I did not
charge the gentleman with having been a Fre'e-
Soil candidate, or say that he was elected as such
to this House. What I said was, that certain
Democratic members were openly elected as Anti-
Nebraska men; and I now ask my colleague
whether he was or was not elected to Congress
as an Anti-Nebraska candidate ? If not, I am not-
correctly informed; if he was, the gentleman can
say so.
Mr. BARCLAY. I will say, in reply to the
question of the honorable gentleman, that, I was
the regularly nominated Democratic candidate in
my district; that I was nominated by the regular
convention of that party, according to its usages
and customs. I was run as a Democrat, and' as
such elected.
As I have already said, I was opposed to the
repeal of the Missouri compromise, because I
conceived it to be a mere abstraction, and to be
uncalled for and unnecessary; but, at the' same
time, after the repeal was, effected, I took the dis-
tinctive, open ground, on the stump, and else-
where in my district, that I should vote against
any act which had for its object the restoration
of that compromise, and that I was opposed as
much to its restoration as I had been to its re-
peal.
Mr. CAMPBELL. This discussion is quite
useless, Mr. Clerk, and I am notdisposed to ask
further indulgence of the House to question this
gentleman or that.
But, sir, my motives in sustaining- Mr. Ful-
ler, of Pennsylvania, in the first instance, and
subsequently Mr. Banks have been brought into
question by my colleague from Pennsylvania,
and I have a word or two to add upon that sub-
ject. I stated yesterday that 1 was elected to
this House as an Anti-Nebraska candidate. My
colleague and I represented that principle in
voting for the gentleman whom we fu-st pre-
sented for Speaker—Mr. Henry M. Fuller, of
Pennsylvania. Wo sustained that gentleman as
long as we supposed or believed that we could
effect an organisation upon his name. But,
recognizing in Mr. Banks, an Anti-Nebraska
candidate for the suifrages of this House, and
also an American, when he received eighty-six
votes, we cast our votes for him for the purpose
of elfee.tmg an organization. We have thus been
consistent throughout.
I .desire to say, also, in answer to my col-
league, that in the congressional election of
1854, the American party of Pennsylvania did
not take ground upon the question of the Kan-
sas-Nebraska bill. The convention to which the
gentleman refers was held 111 the city of Read-
ing, in .luly, 1855, subsequently to the congres-
sional election, and did not, and could not, form
an element in the prior election. I am here, sir,
as an Anti-Nebraska man, and, in that respect,
represent my constituency; yet I affirm that the
American campaign of 1854, in the State of
Pennsylvania, was conducted without any re-
gard to that question whatever, and I trust that
my colleague now understands that. I will not
prolong this unnecessary discussion. [Cries of
1 "Call the roll!"]
Mr. WHITNEY. Mr. Clerk, I desire to say
, a few words to the House before the roll is again
j called. After two weeks of balloting, and two
days of debate, wo have failed to give to this
House a presiding officer, and before I take my
seat 1 intend to submit a resolution which, if
adopted, will produce that desired result.
But before 1 submit this resolution, I desire to
say one word 111 defense of the American paity
at the North. Coming here as a stranger in this
Hall, I have not ventured to obtrude my voice
upon the assembly before, trusting that older
members—men more able to vindicate the national
American party—would have taken that respons-
ibility upon them. But, sir, there has been no
such response. The only echo from the American
party that has been heard upon this floor has
come from the gentleman from Kentucky, a south-
ern man; and I now rise with diffidence, and fully
aware of the delicacy of my position, to say a
few words in behalf of the American party of
the North. That party has been stigmatized
here, as identical with the Free-Soil party, and it
becomes me as a representative of the sentiment
at the North, to deny the allegation.
I have not been exempt, sir, more than other
gentlemen from the North, from those taunts
and vituperative epithets which have been poured
out by the Free-Soil press of my native State.
But, sir, it has been with me a principle of my
public career, ne'ver to descend to a discussion
with the newspaper press. I stand here upon
my own responsibility. My constituents and
my country are to be the judges of my acts, and
whatever a partisan press may say in favor of
my course, or in opposition thereto, weighs not
the matter of a straw in my estimation. Sir, it
is usual, it is natural, and therefore to be ex-
pected, that each partisan press will support the
policy of its party, and denounce the opponents
of tut polity. In that view I recognize it, and
in tlmt view I refuse to enter into any controversy
with it.
The American party, in its intrinsic character,
stands aloof from all sectional controversies of the
day. Its objects are—to guard the avenues of in-
telligence by protecting our system of public edu-
cation; to protect the elective franchise from the
inroads of illiterate and misguided foreigners; to
ward off the encroachments of radical European
theorists; to relieve the industrial interests of the
country from the unequal competition of Eu-
ropean pauper labor; to prevent the abrogation
of wholesome laws, and the mutilation of con-
stitutions, through the dictation of strangers; to
resist the political encroachment of that Power
whose throne is in the Vatican; to save the Gov-
ernment of our country from the grasp of any
priesthood upon earth; and, finally, to conserve
the institutions of civil and religious liberty, to
maintain intact the Constitution of our country
and the confederacy of the States. These are
among the legitimate purposes of the American
party.
Mr. TRAFTON, (interrupting.) I wish to
ask a question here. I understand the gentleman
from New York to say that he represents the
American party at the North. Do I understand
him correctly?
Mr. WHITNEY. I claim to be a Represent-
ative elected by the national American party of
my district in the State of New York.
Mr. TRAFTON. But the gentleman made
the broad statement that he represents the Amer-
ican party at the North; and having gone over
his ground and stated the particular points of his
creed, I wish to call his particular attention to all
the points held by the American party at the
North, or I wish the gentleman to retract what
he has suid.
Mr. WHITNEY. Go on.
Mr. TRAFTON. Well, I hold in my hand
the platform of the American party of Massa-
chusetts. He has gone over, in part, the first
sections of that platform.
Mr. WHITNEY. I would like to ask the
gentleman whether the platform he proposes to
read is the platform of the bolters of Massachu-
setts, or of the legitimate American party?
Mr. TRAFTON. Such questions are rather
difficult to be answered, for the simple reason
that gentlemen find it rather difficult here not only
to define the position of others, but to define their
own positions.
What I said is, T hold in my hand the platform
of Massachusetts, and Massachusetts is a part
of the North. Now, I want the gentleman either
to withdraw the remarks he made, that he stands
here a Representative of the American party at
the North, or I want him to permit me to read
the whole of that platform.
Mr. WHFTDfEY. It is impossible for me to
retract one word of what I have said until the
gentleman reads that platform. But I wish to
ask him whether it is the platform of the party
that elected Governor Gardiner the second time,
or of the party that supported Mr. Rockwell ?
Mr. TRAFTON. It is the platform of the
American party of Massachusetts, of Connecti-
cut, of New Hampshire, of Maine, and I know
not of how many other States; but all those
States are at the North. With the gentleman's
permission, I will read it.
Mr. WHITNEY. I should be pleased to hear
it, so that I may know what the platform of the
American party of those States is.
Mr. TRAFTON. I will read it, then:
" Whereas the aggressive policy which has been uni-
formly pursued by the stave power, from the commence-
ment of our national existence down to the abrogation of
the Missouri compact, evinces a determination to ' ciuph
