42
appendix to the congressional globe.
[December 18,
34th Cong....1st Sess.
ORGANIZATION OF THE HOUSE.
SPEECH OF HON. J. R. GIDDINGS,
OF OHIO,
In the House of Representatives,
December 18, 1855.
The election of Speaker being the business
before the House—
Mr. GIDDINGS said: .
Fellow-Members: I address you in this man-
ner for the reason that we have no officer to whom
I can direct my remarks. As yet we are unor-
ganized-, without rules, without officers. While
in this condition the people are looking to us
with intense interest, expecting us to proceed, as
Boon as possible, to the discharge of the important
trusts confided to our discretion and patriotism.
Still I am not opposed to those explanations to
which we have listened for some days past, in-
deed, it is right and proper that gentlemen should
place their views before the country in order that
the people, who are our constituents, our masters,
may understand our positions. I am gratified at
hearing gentlemen speak out so plainly. It is
am important era with our nation. The eyes of
the country are upon each of us, and the popular
approval or condemnation awaits every member.
Gentlemen will pardon nie when 1 say there
is one practice which, in my opinion, leads to
unnecessary misunderstanding of each other,
and the consequent delay of business. With all
delicacy I suggest, that instead of using/ems and
phrases which are so indefinite, on which different
individuals place different constructions, which
serve rather to confuse than to enlighten our un-
derstandings, we should speak of principles. In
justice to ourselves and to each other, ought we
not to refer to the doctrines which gentlemen
hold, rather than call them "Whigs," "Dem-
ocrats," " Know Nothings," and " Free-Soil-
ersr" When a gentleman speaks of a member
as a Free-Soiler, what docs he mean by it? No
man can answer for another; or if different men
answer the question, each will give a different
definition of the term. So of all the parties. If
you speak of a " Democrat," one member will
understand you as referring to a gentleman who ;
voted for Mr. Pierce; another will believe you i
refer to a gentleman holding the opinions of JefFer- ,
son; and another will understand you as speak- !
ing of a supporter of the Nebraska bill; and an-
other will understand you to mean a supporter
of slavery generally. I tlwrefore submit whether :
we ought not to define these terms before we use i
them, so that we may each understand the |
speaker when he refers to the different parties, |
or to different members. If we but adopt this j
rule, we shall find ourselves agreeing upon many
points on which we now appear to differ. Gen- ;
tlemen, when I speak of the " Democratic
party," I refer to those who stand by the Ne-
braska bill, and denounce the " American organ-
ization" without a hearing: when I speak of
Republicans, I speak of those who take distinct
ana unmistakable issue with the Democrats on
these points, holding that all men and all parties
shall be respectfully heard; and when I refer to
" Know Nothings," I refer to those who seek to
enlarge the time required for naturalizing foreign-
ers under our laws, and who are now associated
by secret obligations.
There is one other point to which I would re-
spectfully ask the attention of gentlemen. Yes-
terday we listened to various remarks from mem-
bers having distinctive reference to sectional lines,
speaking of North and South, of northern parties
and southern parties, northern men and southern
men. This language ought not to be used here.
There are no such parties. I never use such
phrases. I base my whole moral, political, and
religious hopes and expectations upon distinct,
unyielding, enduring principles. 1 apprehend that
others do the same. It is well known that the
southern States adhere to slavery, while those of
the North are generally in favor of liberty. There
is, however, nothing sectional in these principles ;
or sentiments. Liberty is the same wherever it
is enjoyed. Its elements pervade the human
race: tHejr are broad as creation; comprehensive
as mankind. Slavery is also the same, whether
found in Africa, firaadrttt && United St&tem In
Organization of the House—Mr. Giddings.
Ho. of Reps.
this Union it has found an actual, permanent
existence only in one section of the country. At
the commencement of our Government, its touncl-
crs repudiated the doctrines of slavery; proclaimed
liberty to our territories, leaving slavery but a
limited existence in the States which constituted
the Union. Since that period it has become more
limited, and now actually exists in but one por-
tion of the Confederacy. It is most emphatically
; sectional" institution, embracing sectional in-
and forcing sectional issues upon the
a
terests,
country.
These sectional interests are now pressed upon
the consideration of this body, insisting that we
shall elect a Speaker of sectional feelings to preside ; this ■ubjcct.
over our deliberations, whose duties are general, i Gentlemen, we are
extending over the whole country. Those who
hold to the constitutional rights of the several
States insist that this sectional interest shall be ex-
cluded from our national legislation, and left with
the States in which it exists; that we shall elect
a Speaker whose views are national—who loves
his whole country. And I appeal to members,
whether it were not more just and more states-
manlike for the supporters of that institution to
call themselves, and be called^ "pro-slavery men,"
or the pro-slavery party, while the advocates of
freedom shall call themselves, and be called, the
"friends of liberty," rather than speak of
, " sectional parties "and "sectional issues?" Yet,
'■ if this sectional language must be used, why,
i then, let justice be done, and let it be understood
that about sixty southern members, representing
sectional interests, aided by some fifteen northern
members holding io the doctrines of slavery, now
constitute a sectional party, insisting that this Gov-
ernment shall legislate for that institution, and
'protect sectional oppression; that a minority of
seventy-four gentlemen, in a body consisting of
i two hundred and thirty-four members, stand here
and denounce the one hundred and sixty other
; members as "sectional;" that this minority, con-
I demned by the popular sentiment of the country,
stand here preventing an organization of this
! body; and wnile we, a large plurality, are endeav-
; oring to organize and maintain the Government
I and continue its functions, these gentlemen have
the effrontery to make proposition after propo-
sition that we, the one hundred and sixty, shall
resign our places, disappoint those who sent us
here, refuse to perform the duties for which we
were elected,and go home to the people. To induce ;
us to do this they say they will also resign, if we j
will. ■ The proposition is about as fair as would
be that of a criminal standing on the gallows, the
drop supported by a single cord, the rope around
his neck, and fastened to the beam above him,
the sheriff standing ready to execute the law, with
his hatchet raised to sever the cord that sustains
the drop on which the culprit stands, when he
coolly turns to the officer, and proposes: " Mw,
dition his spirit visited the other world, where he
mot with many old acquaintances, among whom
were a class of " Fogies," who, although they
had been in that world " twenty, thirty, and oven
I forty years, had not yet learned that they were
dead/' [Shouts of laughter.] I mention this for
the instruction, the edification of the minority. I
really think it were more modest for tliem to
withhold these propositions to resign, and these
assaults charging the majority with sectionalism.
The dictatorial bearing which they manifest is
not altogether agreeable. They all understand
I that I have myself heretofore acted with a minor-
ity in this body, and speak from experience on
.... in the midst of great con-
fusion. We'came here unacquainted with each
other, bringing with us different views and pre-
judices: it is absolutely necessary that we should
understand each other in order to act together.
We must know wherein we agree, and where we
disagree. This discussion would have arisen
very appropriately after our organization, but, as
it is conducted courteously and in good feeling,
we shall actually lose no time by entering upon it
now. In 1849 the discussion prior to the election
of Speaker was more constant and more unlimited
i than it has been at our present session. It then
; resulted in good, and l think it will now. The
real and indeed the only question of difficulty now
before us is that of slavery. For twenty years
it has occupied the attention and disturbed the
action of this body, exciting dissensions and call-
ing forth the warmer emotions of our nature. I
well recollect that, fourteen years since, this body
was thrown into the wildest confusion by the
agitationof this question; the passions of members
were lashed into fury at the presentation of a peti-
tion by the Hon. Johnduincy Adams. The shafts
of calumny, detraction, and slander, were hurled
at him: there he sat quietly in the seat now occu-
pied by my friend from Connecticut [Mr. Wood-
ruff,] while the waves of denunciation and
detraction were rolling and dashing around him
in wild disorder: venerable for his age, with a
countenance mild and placid as a summer morn-
ing, he rose from his seat, and having obtained
the floor, called on the Clerk to read the first para-
graph of the Declaration of Independence.
In imitation of that example, I now ask the at-
tention of the Housewhile I repeat that emanation
from the intellect of the great apostle of American
Republicanism, sanctioned and approved by Han-
cock, Franklin, the Adamses, and, indeed, by the
unanimous voice of the Continental Congress.
They declared that:
" When, in tile course ofhuman events, it becomes neces-
sary for one people to dissolve the political bands which
have bound them to another, and to assume among the
Powers of the earth the separate and equal station to
which the laws of nature and of nature's God entitl.e
them, a decent respect to the opinions of mankind require
Mr. Sheriff, if you will stop at this point, lay doton i i declare the causes whieh inlPel them to
and. return to the e separauon.
that luUchet, resign your place, and return
people, I will do the same. [Great laughter.] _
Gentlemen should understand that this question
of the Nebraska bill has been tried before the
people of the United States. They have passed
upon it, condemned it, repudiated its authors,
and put their servants here to restore freedom to
that Territory; to give security to the people in
that far distant region; bid this Administration
stay its hand, and nereafter to wield its powers
for freedom and not for slavery. The Democratic
members of this body have been reduced, in
twelve months, from one hundred and fifty to
seventy-four; from a triumphant and dominant
majority to a minority that is feeble, inefficient,
except to retard our organization. Yet, in all
kindness, gentlemen, you will permit me to say
| And what were the caused which led them to
separate from Great Britain ? They placed those
reasons on record, proclaiming to the world, that
"We hold these truths to be self-evident: that all men
are created equal; that they are endowed by their Creator
with certain unalienable rights; that among them are life,
liberty, aud the pursuit of happiness.
" That to secure these rights, governments are instituted
among men, deriving their just powers from the consent of
the governed; that, whenever any form of government
becomes destructive of these ends, it is the right of the
people to alter or to abolish it, and to institute a new gov-
ernment, laying its foundation on such principles, and
organizing its powers in such form, as to them shall seem
most likely to effect their safety and happiness."
This Government was founded for the pur-
pose, design, and end of securing " all men under
its jurisdiction in the enjoyment of life, liberty,
    7 n 7 J —• -* — x— "y i mi • —,i v — 7 7 ----- yw
that your modesty and delicacyin your new con- ' and happiness." It is now placed in our hands.
dition are not so apparent as would be desirable •
to some of us. You are rather too assuming.
Your propositions for us to resign may have been
quite acceptable under other circumstances; it had
even been generous if made while you had the
majority. You do not, however, appear con-
scious that the scepter of power has passed from
you; you do not seem to understand your help-
less condition. Your insensibility on that subject
reminds me of a very solemn fact recorded by a
theological writer—perhaps it was Swedenborg—
who sates that hfe vac eamtncwl, and in that con-
We, the Representatives of the people, are bound
to wield its power and influence in accordance
with those intentions of its founders. On this
rock the Republican church was founded, and I
speak reverently when I say, " the gates of hall
shall not prevail against it.'
This House and the country are aware that
the present Executive, in his inaugural address,
denies these truths, declaring that " domestia
servitude (slavery) is based upon the same prin-
ciples as other recognized rights." That in the
atner end of this Capitol thetffi " self-evident
