1855.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
53
out' the spirit as weli as the forms of liberty from among
us, and to subjcot the fiee States to a relentless despotism;
and whereas the .success of the southern delegates to the
national council recently held in Philadelphia,, In making
abject and uncomplaining &ubmi:>sion to pro-slavery legis-
lation a fundamental aiticle in the creed of the National
American paity, renders it imperative upon us to express
our vi<",v* upon the great question of the country and the
age: Therefore, wo dcclaie—
"1. That the action of the legislative, executive, and
judicial departments of the Government ought to be con-
trolled by the principle taught by the framsis and purest
intorpioterss of the Constitution—that ifreedom, is national
and slavery scstionalS
u2. That repose for the country and stability to the
Union must be sought by relieving the General Govern-
ment—f.n as its jurisdiction extends—of all connection
with and accountability lor American slavery."
At this point the reading was interrupted by—
Mr. WHITNEY, who said: I think it is
hardly necessary for the gentleman to finish
reading the platform. [Cries of " Go on!" "Go
on!7']
Mr. TRAFTON. I suppose the gentleman
thinks it hardly necessary; but if the gentleman
is going to preach a sermon for the North,! want
him to have a northern text. [Laughter.]
The balance of the platform is short, and I read
it:
"3. That the independence and soveieignty of the State
in its legislation and judiciary should be maintained in-
violate.
<'4. That the great barrier to slaveiv. ruthlessly broken
by the repeal of the Mis.-ouu piohibmon, oughl to be
speedily restored; and that m any event, no State elected
ftom any pait of the lerntoiy covered by that covnpiomise
ought even to be admitted into the Union as a slave State.
"5. That the right* of actual ^ettleis in the Tcmtoiies
to the fiee and undi-turbed excieiac ot their elective fran-
chise, giantod to them by the law-i under which tliey aie
organized, should be promptly protected by the national
Executive whcnevei violated or threatened.
"Resolved, That the pn-mon of the present national
Administration is one of opon, undisguised hostility to aij,
pnneiplcs we piot'ess; and therefore we believe that the
exigencies of the times demand th.it all men who agree in
thot-o principles should be united in their political action ;
and we will cheeifully couperate with all the opponents of
our common enemy."
I have now, Mr. Clerk, read the text, and
when the gentleman [Mr. Wiiitmey] shall have
preached his sermon, I may perhaps add a word
of exhortation. [Laughter, and a voice, ''You
may pray.,'l
Mr. WHITNEY. If I do preach a sermon j
from that text, I trust the gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts [Mr. Trafton] will listen to me, for
sometimes one may profit by sermons. [Laugh-
ter.]'
I was arriving, sir, precisely at the point
which the gentleman has opened. He has read
his platform, and that has satisfied me, and I
think the House, that it is the platform of the
Free-Soil party of Massachusetts, rallying falsely j
under the banner of the American puny. As I !
stated, sir, the measures winch 1 have mentioned, j
constitute the principal ingredients of ihe Amor- !
ican platform in its intrinsic character. But, sir, i
after the organization of that pan y, the apple of
discord was again thrown upon the country by
the repeal of the Missouri compromise; an act
deprecated by the whole JNorth, and unrequired \
by the whole South. I assert it hero ns my i
solemn conviction, that the people of the Souih j
no more desiied that violation of public f<uth than J
the people of the North. It was forced upon the ;
South. It was indirectly forced on the better |
judgment of the South; and its results have been '
the reagitation of this subject throughout the j
land. |
Weil, sir, to follow up the gentleman's [Mr. 1
Trafton] position, the American party had by -j
that time assumed an attitude of importance, os- 1
pecially in the northern and eastern Stales; and ;
I take it upon me.to say, that even in Alassa- !
chusetts, up to that time, no such ingredient as i
free-soiliam was found upon its record. Sir, i ■
had the pleasure of being present at. n festival
given m Massachusetts, at which the gentleman |
[Mr. Trafton] was also present. It was a fes-
tival in commemoration of the success of Amen- ,
can principles in that State m the fall of 3854. |
Mr. TRAFTON. Will the gentleman allow j
me to ask him one other question ? j
Mr. WHITNEY. I will allow the gentleman 1
to ask me forty questions if he will allow me to ,
answer him Yankee-fashion, by asking another, i
Mr. TRAFTON. I have not the slightest ,
objection. t
Mr. WHITNEY. But this is not the time for ;
interruption. 1
Mr. TRAFTON. The gentleman has dragged
me into a festival, and is making a false impres-
sion thereby. I wish to ask the gentleman if he
will say before the House, and before this audi-
ence, whether I, in the remarks which I had the
honor to offer before that festival, did not heartily
enforce and defend the same anti-slavery senti-
ments which I have read from this paper, and
whether my remarks were not received every-
where throughout the Hall with applause ?
Mr. WHITNEY. 1 will answer the gentle-
man candidly. My recolloction is distinct. The
gentleman made a very eloquent and patriotic
American address.
Mr. TRAFTON. I did not ask about that.
Mr. WHITNEY. His address was entirely
separate and di«*Hnet from the question of slavery.
But, sir, I do nothesitate to say that he declared—
and I will do him the justice to repeat it—that
if the truncheon of slavery should be raised against
him in Congress, he was not the man to flee from
it. The House will perceive that at that hour, in
the State of Massachusetts, the American party,
through its orators, its leaders, carefully main-
tained that line of distinction between the doc-
trines of the party and the free-soil issues. But,
sir, the American party gained power and force.
The Free-Soil elements were rearoused by the
opening up of the Nebraska question; and the
American party, being the party in power, and
carrying with it the popular vote, was seized
upon as a medium of success by those who fa-
vored the abolition sentiments—by those who
were opposed to the progress of slavery. These
threw themselves into its ranks, poisoned the
channels of its influence, and under its banners
carriod elections to Congress and elsewhere.
But, sir, that course was soon discovered. In
my native State—in the State which I have the
honor in part to represent—that game was played.
But with what client ? A temporary elleet. At
the last election in our Slate the Americans,
having purged their party of its free-soil interest
and influence, set forth in the campaign on their
own bottom, and txiumphantly elected their State
ticket n.nd most of their county tickets. In the
city which I represent the papers have given me,
and the world, to understand that the American
party are Free-Soilers. In reply 1 will but call to
mind the results of the last election 111 November,
where Mr. King, the Free-Soil, Fusion, Black Re-
publican candidate for Secretary of State, received
some six thousand odd votes, and Mr. Headley,
the American candidate, twenty-six thousand
odd. [Applause.] Four votes to one.- And yet,
sir, I am teld by some of these papers from a
pait of my district that 1 am not representing
the sentiments of my constiiuents. I know-
better. Not only am I lepivsenung the senti-
ments of my immediate constituents, but I am
representing the sentiments of the masses of the
North; fori assert here, sir, that the heart of
the North is national, whatever your demagogues
and your papers may say to the contrary. [Ap-
plause in the galleries.] I will continue this dis-
cussion only to refer briefly to the gentleman's
[Mr. Trafton] statement. On this very plat-
form which ho has read to the House, mid which
was called the American platform, the party 111
Massachusetts made its nominations. The Amer-
icans proper repudiated both the platform and
the nominations. A meeting, impromptu, was
immediately called, and a second convention nom-
inated a second candidate. And there, sir, in
Massachusetts, even in the distiict which the
honorable gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr.
Ba.nk>] told us was the strongest abolition dis- '
trict in the United States  |
Mr. BANKS, (m his scat.) I did not soy :
abolition; T snul freij-soil. 1
Mr. WHITNEY. I be^the gentleman's par- _
don. In the strongest free-soil district, then, m
the United Suites, the candidate of the second
convention re-eived a triumphant majority. i
Mr. SMITH, of Tennessee. Before .he gcUtk- j
man takes his seat, i desire to a&k him a ques- ,
tion. !
Mr. WHITNEY. I will hear the gentleman's |
question. I have concluded what I had to say. !
[Cries of ''Call the roll !"] j
Mr. SMITH. I understand the gentleman from j
New York to be a member of the National Atner- \
ican party. Now, I desire to know—I ask for !
information, and I hope he will gi\e me a dircct '
answer—whether he and the members of the
party in this House with whom he acts, would
vote for the admission of Kansas into the Union,
with a constitution recognizing the institution of
slavery ?
Mr. WHITNEY. My position upon that
subject is simply and plainly this: Whenever
a 1 erritory presents here a constitution- that em-
braces republican institutions, I shall not stop to
inquire whether it contains a clause establishing*
slavery or not. [Applause.] The Constitution
of my country is my guide in that matter. X"
occupy the position that the sovereignty of the
people of the States should be maintained.
Mr. CUMBACtC. Will the gentleman allow
me to ask him a question ?
Mr. WHITNEY. I will.
Mr. CUMBACK. I wish to ask the gentle-
man if the State Council of his own State, called
m reference to the Philadelphia convention, did
not in positive terms, deprecate the repeal of the
Missouri compromise, and declare that slavery
should have no advantage in consequence of the
passage of that act?
Mr. WHITNEY. I am myself opposed to
that act.
Mr. CUMBACK. The gentleman does not
fully answer my question. I ask him asram
whether the State Council of New York, held at
Binghamton, of which, if I mistake not, the gen-
tleman himself was a member, did not pass res-
olutions, not only deprecating the passage of the
Kansas and Nebraska bill, but declaring that
slavcfy skovld have no advantage in consequence
of the passage of that bill?
Mr. WHITNEY. The council to which the
gentleman referred did pass resolutions to the
effect that the passage of the Kansas and Nebras-
ka bill was a violation of the public faith, and
that slavery ought to receive no advantage there-
from.
Mr. CUMBACK. Now let me ask the gen-
tleman from New York how he stands upon that
platform *
Air. WHITNEY. Mr. Clerk, I now offer my
resolution, and I can only say that if it is adopt-
ed, T have no doubt it will result in the organiza-
tion of the House, by the election of a Speaker.
I offer the following:
Resolved, That m case no Speaker is chosen on orbc-
foie the st\t(v-filth ) ira voce vote, the House will inmiedi-
; atolv thoivauei proceed to the election of a Sneaker by
ballot.
Mr. CUMBACK. Will not the gentleman
answer my question. [Cries of ''Vote, vote'*']
Air. MACE. I move to lay the resolution upon
the table.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I hone the gen-
tleman will withdraw the motion to lay upon the
| table, nnd let us see "uho are m favor of electing
a Speaker by ballot.
; Mr. MACE. No, sir. I do not withdraw
i the motion.
! Mr. WHEELER. I demand the yens and
1 nays upon the motion.
The question was then taken upon Mr. Mace's
motion, and it was decided in the affirmative—
yeas 213, nays 7; as follows:
YEAH—Me-sis. Aiken, Albright, Allen, Allison, Banko,
Baibour, ^Barclay. Baik^dalo, Bell, Henry S. Bevmetl,
Benson, Bilhnglnust, Bingham, Bliss, Bocock, Bowie,
Boyee, Brudthaw, Bianeh, Bienton, iiiooks, Alutftngton,
Buihngame, Buin.'tt, Cadwakukr, Jamon 11. Campbell,
John P. Campbell. Lewis D Campbell, Ca -hlc, Caituhei--,
C.i^kie, Chalice, Ezra Clark, dawson, Chn^man, Iloweii
Cobb, WiiiMin-on it. W Cobb, Colfax, Connu-:, Cove^*,
Cox, dagm, Ciaiac. Ci.m loul, Ctu.ibaek,U:\mrc'll, ]>a\id-
son . Ih niv Winter Timoth\ L>avi-, Dean, Denver,
De Witt, ihek. Dickson, Dodd, Dowdeli, Dunn. Dnriec,
lOilic, Cilmnn.i-on, Kdwaul-. Knmo. E>!«li-<h. Erln-nd^e,
P-u-te'. Fainkn r, Flairiei, Fluierice. Fo-tei, Thomas J.
i) Fuller, Cri!lov.\H, Giddum-;. Gdbeit, Goode, Grangei,
Gieenw nod, Gio.v, Au.;u-uw Hall, Jiobeir B Hall, Haii.ui,
J. ,Moin-oii llai 1 !?•. Samp-oil VY Jlains, Thomas L Usui
If.uu-on, Haven, llerbeit, Hickman, I-Iollowa\, Thomas
It. Iloitoin Yalennne P. Uoiton, Houston. Ilouaid. Hugh.--
ton. Jev.vu, Gcoiu" W. Jone-. J. Clamy Jones, KeiU,
K"ily. K"l-.ey. Kenneir, Kuhveil. Km<i, Knapp, Kniphr,
Knowltoii, Knox. Kuiikcl. Lake, 3>uer, Lcteiiei.Lumpkin,
31.lee, Alexand'H l\. M alalia!!, llumpiney Mai shall, Samuel
S. jMoichaiJ, Muttos-oinMawveil, McCa«-t>, AIc.Muihi), Me-
tluei-n. M^rielhnn, Kilhau Ahliei, ^nnth Miller, Millson,
M'livaid, Moojc. Mor;r«n, Mori'H, Mort. 31mray, Nichols,
Norou, Aiidrevv Ohvci, Moidoeai Oliver. Orr. Backer,
P.unc, Parker, Peaito, Beck, Pclton, Peny, Fettit, Pike,
Poitei, Powell, Puncle. Puiviance, Puryear, Quitman,
Kead". Rcad\. Ihcaud. ititelne, Rivers, Robbins, liobeits,
Robi.^on. Iiufim,Uuht, Sabin, i^ago, Sandidge. Sapp, Savage,
Scott.  vM3watd, Siienirui. Shorter. Simmons. Samuel A.
Smith, William Smith, William K- Smith, Sneed, Spinner,
riunton, Stephen?-; Stewart, Stianahan, Swopc. Talbot!,
