1654
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 17,
believed this location was wrong. I brought the
.subject to the attention of the Senate, and they
determined that it was wrong, first by passing
the original bill, and then by a two-third vote
instructing me to report this bill. When the Sen-
ator asked me who is it that is charging the Pres-
ident of the United States with mal-action, and
mal-administration,and all that, I tell him no one.^
I differ with the President of the United States*
upon a simple question as to whether this build-
ing ought to be put on this reservation; and I
ask whether I ana other Senators have sunk so
low that we dare not differ from the Executive
upon a little question like this, without being
called to account and charged with arraigning the
President at the bar of public opinion for mal-
administration ? I understand, sir, that I have
the right, as an American citizen, as the humblest
man in the Republic, to differ even from the Pres-
ident upon a great question, and much more the
right to differ from him upon a small question.
I am his friend, but 1 thank the God who made
me, I am not his slave.
Mr. CLAY. I have not yet found or learned
from the response of my friend from Mississippi,
what I desired to know. I asked him two ques-
tions. First, who were the parties to this con-
troversy, and he tells me that the American peo-
ple on the one side, and the Presidenton the other,
are the parties. I asked him next, what was the
injury complained of ?
' Mr. BROWN. I said this bill was brought
here by order of the American Senate, and the
Journal will show it.
Mr. CLAY. Well, I want to know what is
the injury complained of? I have not been able
cxactly to understand it.
Mr. BROWN. If my friend does not listen
better than he has done, lie never will understand
it. It is no wonder Senators do not understand
when they do not listen. If it has been said once,
it has been said a hundred times, that here was
a reservation intended for the public use in this
city, as great reservations in New York, Phila-
delphia, Boston, and other cities, are intended
there for public use. Boston Common is intended
for the public use. The Park and the Battery at
New York are intended for the public use. In-
dependence Square in Philadelphia is intended
for the public use. The Mall in this city was in-
tended for the public use. Encroachments, as I
have said, have been, time and time again, made
upon it by running streels through it, by selling
off parts of it, by changing the direction of the
canal, and in other ways. Here was a proposi-
tion to make a further cncrur" .^vs't by putting
an armory on it. I chose, as "i American Sen-
ator, charged with the protection of the great
public interests in this city, to interpose my ob-
jection to this location, and this further encioach-
ment. 1 was seconded first by the Committee
on the District of Columbia, of which I am chair-
man, and next by the American Sriiate. Nov/,
I hope that my friend from Alabama understands
that the injury complained of is a still further
encroachment on a public reservation; and, sec-
ond, that this bill is brought here by me in obe-
dience to a resolution of the Senate.
Mr. CLAY. With all due deference to my
friend from Mississippi, 1 have not yet learned
what I wished to know, and that is, the injury
which will be inflicted on anybody or somebudy
by the erection of this building?
Mr. BROWN. What injury would be inflicted
on anybody by erecting a public building on the
Common in Boston, or upon Independence Square
in Philadelphia, or on the Park in New York?
I have said that this reservation in this city cor-
responds with those in the other cities.
Mr. CLAY. The cases are not parallel at all.
There is no sort of analogy between them. All
the squares referred to by the Senator from Mis-
sissippi are separate and distinct, and they are
not divided by any streets whatever; they are
one whole. Here we find the Mall divided into
a dozen different plots of ground; and the one on
which this building is proposed to be erected is
among the smallest of these plots, and it is to
be in one corner. I cannot see that it will inter-
fere with the primary and original purpose of
this reservation m the sbgivest degree. 1 do not
see that it is going to obstruct the'view; 1 do not
see that it is going to interfere with the walks, or
impair in any maimer whatever the pleasure or
affect the interests of any citizen of Washing-
ton.
I can imagine some interest that is to be sub-
served by removing this building to Judiciary
Square. It may tend to enhance the value of
private property round about that square; it may
tend to add to the value of vacant lots there, and
to increase the price which may be received in
the sale of them.
Mr. BRODHEAD. That is abandoned.
Mr. CLAY. I am told the removal to Judici-
ary square is abandoned. Then where is it pro-
posed to remove this armory? It is manifest that
if it is to be removed, it will be at-an expense of
not less than §20,000 to the Government. It ap-
pears, I understand, that you have expended
something like $25,000 already in the erection of
the building. Inasmuch as the ground has already
been intersected by numerous streets—inasmuch
as we have already several public buildings on
it—inasmuch as the original purpose of the Mall
seems to haveJ^en abandoned, I cannot see any
reasonable obJWtion to constructing the armory
there, and I shall vote for it.
Mr. GEYER. I do not think this question
has been placed on its true ground. If gentle-
men will reflect for a lmoment I think they will
see that Congress are undertaking to legislate
where they ought to forbear. The inhabitants of
this city, the proprietors and purchasers of lots
in the city of Washington, made their purchases
with a view to the plan. That plan indicated
this ground which it is now proposed to occupy
for the purpose of a depot of arms, as an open
space. I do not inquire into the constitutional
right of Congress to pass a law which will
enable them to erect an arsenal or armory or
any other public building on it; but I ask, is it
just, when you have sold to individuals lots in
the immc-diate neighborhood of ground which
was to have been open ground, to provide by
law for erecting- on it a nuisance to them ?
Mr. CLAY. I understand that nobody is
complaining of the erection of the building
there. It is not regarded as a nuisance by the
people.
Mr. BROWN. My friend from Alabama is
very much mistaken. The matter was discussed
here for four months last summer, and a vast
number of the people of this city—1 think seve-
ral thousands of them—waited on the President
and besought liim most earnestly to change the
location before making a contract. This request
was refused.
Mr. CASS. Is there any representation from
any individual aggrieved to the Senate upon the
subject'
Mr. BROWN. I tell the Senate now, as I
have told them before, that it is one of the sreat
misfortunes of this body, that when you talk
about things which are practical gentlemen will
not listen. I once had here a printed book
showing the correspondence upon the subject,
and showing how many thousand (I cannot re-
collect the exact number) of citizens here waited
on the President with a written petition, and be-
sought him most earnestly to change the loca-
tion, and he refused to do it.
Mr. CASS. That is not the question which
1 asked. I simply asked whether a representa-
tion had come before the Senate from any man
aggrieved, by petition. Every American knows
wn<u*e to come for redress, if lie is wronged.
Mr. FITZPATRICK. I desire to know
whether the remonstrances were on the score of
the building being a nuisance, or that another
location was preferred ?
Mr. BROWN. They objected to it because
it was a marring of an original reservation. Of
course there were a great many reasons, but that
was the prominent one.
Mr. FITZPATRICK. But have any of the
citizens objected to it on tjie ground of its being
i a nuisance ?
I Mr. BROWN. If my friend will apply to the
I Senator from Maryland, [Mr. Pratt,] who has
the printed papers in his possession, he will see
the whole matter. A great many articles were
printed in the newspapers here on the subject.
Mr. GEYER. _ I do not think that it becomes
us to be legislating so as to interfere with the
rights of individuals, merely because they do not
remonstrate. The United States have sold the
lots in theimmediate neighborhood of this ground.
They sold them according to a plan, exhibiting
it as reserved ground, and those persons had a
right to the benefit of it. The value of their
property is affected by it. Whether they remon-
strate or not, the question is, is it just or proper
in Congress to undertake to impair the value of
the property after they have sold it, by appro-
priating what was designed to be an open ground
to the purpose of an armory and parade ground?
Seventeen acres, I am told, are the contents of the
lot occupied by this depot of arms. It is to be a
parade ground; and persons who occupy lots in
the immediate neighborhood are to have the mili-
tary occasionally parading there.
It is said it will be a great nuisance to have this
structure on Judiciary Square near the courts of
justice, because it would annoy the courts. We
do not consider how much it is to annoy the in-
habitants; how much it is to invade the privileges
(to put it on that basis alone) of the inhabitants,
who are purchasers of lots in the city of Wash-
ington, according to the original plan. When
we are attempting to erect buildings and appro-
priate public grounds, I thinl!*it becomes us to
take care that we do not interfere with the rights
of individuals, though we may have the legal
authority to do so? We should not interfere
with their rights according to the plan under
which they purchased, and which is part of their
title.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I do not concur
in what my friend from Missouri has said, though
I always like to agree with him in everything,
because he is a just and good man. I am forry
to differ with him in toto on this occasion. In
the first place, I do notadmit that when the Gov-
ernment sold a portion of these reservations,
it bound itself not to use the remainder of the
ground. My friend cannot show that. The Gov-
ernment sold a portion of the property, reserving
the rest, just as my friend would sell off a portion
of his tract of land to me; but by doing so he
does not bind himself that he will not sell another
portion, or that he will not build a house on it.
The Senator from Mississippi thinks we have
not looked at this matter. I have not paid much
attention to it, I admit; but having been one of
those who originally recommended the passage
of the law for the construction of the work, I
have felt it my duty to stand up now to vindi-
cate what I thought was right then. 1 maintain
that the Government never came under any obli-
gation whatever to the purchasers of these lots
that it would not use the rest of the lots, or sell
them, or devote them to any purpose it pleased.
No such thing can be shown in the record. Then
that argument is at an end. These trespasses
upon rights by construction are at an end, unless
you can show in the deed that this was to be oc-
cupied as a public play-ground, and for no other
purpose.
There is another difference between my friend
from Missouri and myself. He seems to think
that the purchasers of these lots will be aggrieved
by having the military parading in their neigh-
borhood. If I owned those lots I would pay to
bring them there; and I venture the assertion,
that my friend's wife and children, if they lived
there, would rather have them there. Nine fam-
ilies out of every ten would rather look at the
soldiers than not. Instead of this being a nui-
sance, in my judgment it will enhance the value
of property in the neighborhood. It would with
me at least, for the recreation which it would
afford me of seeing the stars and stripes of my
country occasionally. And in these days of
political degeneracy, when the Union may slide
if it chooses, I think we ought to establish one in
sight of every house in the nation, if we can do
it without any public expense. Upon that score
I think the property in the neighborhood will be
enhanced in value. If that is to be the test, rep-
resenting this people as I do, for I am a repre-
sentative of the District of Columbia as well as
the Senator from Mississippi, I maintain that the
people do want it, and [ defy you to prove that
they do not want it. I believe it would enhance
the value of their property; it would stimulate
their patriotism, and if an enemy should ever
undertake again to burn the Capitol, I do not
think he would succeed in it. This is all that 1
have to say in reply to my friend from Missouri.
I do not think he has proved his case.
Mr. GEYER. The gentleman supposes that
