u
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December: 10,,
Tappan, Taylor, Thorington, Thurston, Todd, Trafton,
Trippe,.Tyson. Underwood, Vail, Valk, Wade, VVakeraan,
Wajbridge,' Waldroii', Walker, Warner, Cadwalader C.
Vtfashbunic, EliihuB. Wasfibume, Israel Washburn, Wat-
kins, Watson, Welch, Wells,: Whoeler,WilIiBms,Wm8low,
Wood, Woodruff, Woodworth, John V, Wright, and. Zol-
licoffdr-213. ' ' _
NAYS—Messrs. Ball, Bishop, Broom, Cullen, Evans,
Pennington, and Wbitney -7.
So- the resolution was laid upon the table.
Mr. CADWALADER. I congratulate the
country upon this result, upon .the almost unani-
mous condemnation by this House of the princi-
ple of se.cret voting—that principle upon which
afquo hereafter can, secret political organizations
depend. I repeat, sir, that it is a matter of
especial congratulation to this Union, that the
House have voted thus unanimously upon this
resolution.
Mr. LETCHER, (sotto voce.) They did not
understand the issue.
Mr. FTJLLEE, of Pennsylvania, Mr. Clerk,
I am not in the habit of being very much dis-
turbed by what may be said cither for or against
me; but, inasmuch as it was intimated this morn-
ing by one of my colleagues that my position was
misunderstood, 1 desire to avail myself of this
opportunity, with the indulgence of gentlemen
of the House, to declare fully and frankly what
my relations are.
It is conceded, I believe, that the difficulty
■which lies at the foundation of all our troubles is
tlie one question of slavery. I desire to declare
I am opposed to the present agitation of the sub-
ject of slavery, for the reason that, in my hum-
ble judgment, no possible good can result from
that agitation in the present excited state of pub-
lic feeling. Qn the contrary, that all discussion
upon this subject must now result, as it ever has
heretofore resulted,in evil and mischief; creating
popular discontent, individual distrust, sectional
alienation and division. I am willing, therefore, to
leave this question of slavery where the Consti-
tution of the country has left it, [applause,] with
the people who tolerate it, to control, regulate,
and determine for themselves. [Renewed ap-
plause.] X shall not meddle or interfere with the
subject. I will do nothing to disturb any exist-
ing relations. If it be an evil, it is their evil; if it
be a blessing, it is their blessing. I make no
aggressions upon the rights or feelings of any
man, or of any section; nor will I submit to any
invasion of mule.
With respect to pas t legislation there is an honest
<lifl'erence of opinion. I supported the compro-
mise measures of 1850; and was willing to regard
them a finality. I should have opposed the legis-
lation of the last Congress; I do not indorse it
now. Relieving that agitation then, as agitation
now, could result in no public good, and having
in view the public peaco and tlie public welfare,
I am willing that the past should bury its own
(lead, and I desire, forgetting former offenses, to
unite with my fellow-citizens everywhere, in a
patriotic effort to bring back the country to that
state of,good fueling and social harmony \v liich
oncc existed, and ought never to have been dis-
turbed. I believe that there can be no doubt with
regard to my sentiments on this subject. If there
be, I am willing to stand up before this great
inquisition, and submit myself to the interroga-
tories of the grand inquisitors. [Applause. J
Mr. SHERMAN. I desire to ask the gentle-
man one question. I do so for the purpose of
information. Would you be willing to allow the
institution of slavery to obtain an advantage, or
be extended, by reason of the repeal of the Mis-
souri compromise? I put the question to the !
gentleman with the greatest respect. '
Mr. FULLER. And I will respectfully an-
swer it. I will leave the matter to the people.
[Applause.]
Mr. SHERMAN. What people ?
Mr. FULLER. The people who are to be im-
mediately affected by it. If Kansas—and I wish
to be distinctly understood—presents herself for
admission into the Union, I shall vote for her
admission without reference to the question of
slavery.
[This sentiment was greeted by clapping of
hands, and cries of " Good!"]
Mr. SAGE. Would you vote for the repeal
of the Missouri compromise ?
Mr. FULLER. I have said that I do'not seek
to disturb that question. If the Missouri com-
promise- can be restored I would most certainly
be in favor of its restoration; but ii} view of the
difficulties which, surround, that question,, and
must defeat your efforts,,I saytHat 1 am opposed
to the agitation of the question.
, Mrf SAGE. I ,will again put the question to
the gentleman, and. in language that he* cannot
fail to understand.. Would you vote, for the res-
toiation.of-the Missouri compromise, if such a
propositipn. were presented for the decision of
this House ? . Are you opposed to that restora-
tion ?,
Mr. FULLER. Let me answer the gentleman
by saying, that /when that, or any other question
arises in this House, I shall vote according to
my own conviction'of right and of duty. [Ap-
plause,]
Mr. SAGE. I should not have put the ques-
tion-to the gentleman from Pennsylvania, if he
had not stated that he would, hold himself- ready
to answer all questions that might be, put to him-
I put the question in good faith, and I leave the
country to judge of the frankness with which it
has been answered.
Mr. FULLER. The gentleman is at liberty
to put questions to me. I am only sorry that!
cannot frame my answers to suit -him. What I
have said is my answer, and he must be content
with it.
Mr. TRAFTON. I will ask the gentleman a
question. [Cries of "Hear him!" "Call the
roll!" " Declare the vote!"]
Mr. TRAFTON. I will put a question to the
gentleman in all good feeling. The question re-
lates to the great doctrine of squatter sovereignty,
which has been so often alluded to. [Cries of
" Declare the vote !" " Hear him!"]
Mr. HOUSTON.. Unless there is better order
preserved we cannot hear the gentleman.
Mr. TRAFTON. 1 do not believe in a chok-
ing down process. I will put my question when,
order is restored.
The CLERK called the House to order.
Mr. TRAFTON. I would inquire of the gen-
tleman from Pennsylvania whether he would vote
for the admission of Utah into the Union as a
State, if she presented herself with a provision
for polygamy in her constitution ?
Mr. TODD. Mr. Clerk, 1 desire to say a word
in the way of explanation. [Cries of " Let us
have Fuller's answer !" "Declare the vote!"]
Mr. Clerk, I desire to say for myself and those
with whom I have acted from the first day of the
session, that when we came forward and voted
for our colleague, [Mr. Fuller,] we did it under
the impression and in the belief that he was sound
on the Kansas and Nebraska question. [Ap-
plause.] And all 1 desire to say now is just this,
to put myself right before my constituents, that
if 1 had known that my colleague entertained the
sentiments which he has avowed to-day, my right
arm would have withered before he would, have
received my vote. [Applause. Cries of "Call
the roll!" "Declare the vote!" " No more per-
sonal explanations !" &c.]
Mr. KELLY. Mr. Clerk, I rise for the pur-
pose of taking exception to some of the remarks
made by my colleague, [Mr. Whitney.] I agree
with that gentleman, so far as his national prin-
ciples are concerned; but I do beg to differ with
him when he avows upon this floor that the
Know Nothing party of the North is at all na-
tional in its feelings. If he knows anything of
the politics of the city of New York, he cannot
be ignorant of the fact, that there aie in this Hall
gentlemen from that city who received the Know
Nothing vote, who disagree with him in every
particular in this respect. The gentleman comes
from a district tiiut was formerly represented by
a national Democrat; and had the party been
united in his district, the late election would have
sent here a gentleman of different political faith
from that which he professes.
I maintain, Mr. Clerk, that the gentleman's
particular principle is to throw all the power
and influence of the party to which he belongs
against the foreign population of the country.
It is admitted, that what is called the national
Know Nothing party is opposed to the immi-
gration of foreign paupers to live upon the
American people. _ The gentleman says that that
is the particular issue of the American party.
Yes, sir, in every council, in every convention,
and in all the meetings that have been held, that
has been the principle of the Know Nothing
party of this Union. 'But when he classifies the
Know Nothing party of New York as a national
one,, I say that he isimistaken ,.and that he knows..
not of what he speaks. Look at the convention
that assembled at Binghampton during, the last,
summer,and see the avowals made there in rota-
tion to national principles; and the gentleman.,
himself, as I understand, was a delegate to that
convention. Knowing the declarations' of that.
convention, then, I would ask the national mem-
bers in this Hall whether they recognize the .
Know Nothing party of New York as being
truly and legitimately a national one ?'
Mr. WHITNEY was understood to say he.
was not a member of the convention.
Mr. KELLY. I understood the gentleman to
say that he agreed with the sentiments there
declared, but now the gentleman says that his
particular opposition is to the foreign population
of the country. Now, sir, is that a principle for
any party to stand upon ? Is it a principle that
a lot of school-boys assembled together would
declare to be a true and legitimate exposition
of their sentiments? Why it is a bugaboo that
commenced in the city of New York; and, if my
recollection serves me aright, the gentleman was
a member of what was then called the American
party of New York. But that party was short-
lived; it died out within one year; and as sure,
sir, as you sit behind that desk, that party's
career in this nation has gone as far as it ever
will go. Tlie great Democratic party of the State
of New York, depend upon it, will be united in
the coming election; and you will see, instead of
but one representative of the national Democracy
upon this floor from the city of New York, six
Democrats from that city, national in principle
and in every sentiment.
But, sir, the American people are not favorably
disposed towards this Know Nothing party. The
great American heart beats in a different way
altogether; and when the sense of the people shall
be taken, it will be shown to the country that
they are fair, honorable, and equitable to every-
body.
The American flag has been proudly borne
through every war in which this country has been
engaged, and under its glorious folds those who
have come from abroad and declared their inten-
tion to become citizens have fought and bled.
[Cries of " Call the roll!"] In conclusion, Mr.
Clerk, I hope that when my colleague gets up
again to declare that the Know Nothing party of
the city of New York is national, he will consider
first what he is going to say.
The Clerk again called the roll, and the follow-
ing was the result of the sixty-sixth vote: Whole
number of votes cast, 224; necessary to a choice,
113; of which—
Nathaniel P. Hanks received 106
William A. Richardson    75
flenry M. Fuller    34
Benjamin F. i.eiter  2
Alexander C. M. Pennington  2
James L.Orr      1
John Williams    1
Lewi* R. Campbell    1
Samuel S. Marshall .•  1
Nathaniel G. Foster    X
So there was no choice.
The following is the vote in detail:
For Mr. Banks—Messrs. Albright, Allison, Barbour,
Ball, Benson, Billmghurst, Bingham, Bishop, Bliss, Brad-
shaw. Brcnton, Buffington, Burlmgame, James H. Camp-
bell, Lewis D. Campbell, Chaffee, Ezra Clark, Claw.son,
Colfax, Conuns,Covode, Cragin, Cumbaek, Damrell, Tim-
othy Davis, Day, Dean, De Witt, Dick, Dickson, Dodd,
Xiurlee, Edwaids, Emrie, Flagler, Galloway, Giddings, Gil-
bert, Gianger, Grow, Robert B. Hall, Harlan, Iiolloway,
Thomas Jt. Horton, Valentine B. Horton, Ilowaid, Hughs-
ton, Kelsey, King, Knapp, Knight, Knowlton, Knox, Kun-
ke), Leitei, Mace, Matteson, McCarty, Meaeham, Killian
Miller, Mo;;ian. Moirill, Mott, lYTuriay, Nichols, Norton,
Andrew Oliver, Parker, Pearee, Pelton, Pennington, Perty,
Pettit, Pike,Pringlc, Puivianee, Ritchie, Robbms, Roberts,
Rolnson, Sabin, Sage, Sapp, Sherman, Simmons, Spinner,
Stanton, Stianahan, Tappan, Thorington, Thurston, Todd,
Tiafton, Tyson, Wade, Wakeman, Walbridge, Wnldron,
Cadwalader C. Washbume, Ellihu B. Washbnrnc, Israel
Washburn, Watson, Welch, Wood, Woodruff, and Wood-
worth.
For Mr. RicJiardsoTi—Messrs. Aiken, AUen, Barclay,
Barksdale, Bell, Henry S. Bennett, Boeoek, Bowie, Boyee,
Branch, Brooks, Burnett, Cadwalader, Caruthers, Caskie,
Chnginan, Howell Cobb, Williamson R. W. Cobb, Craige,
Crawford, Davidson, Denver, Dowdell, Edinundson, El-
liott, English, Faulkner, Florence, Thomas J. D. Fuller,
Goode, Greenwood, Augustus Hall, Sampson W. Harris,
Thomas L. Harris, Herbert, Hickman, Houston, Jewett,
George W. Jones, J. Glancy Jones, Keitt, Kelly, Kidwell,
