56
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 19,
construction of that resolution, he not only con-
gratulates his party, but he congratulates the
American people, on the successes of the Dem-
ocratic party in the recent elections in the North,
in the East, in the "West, and also in the south-
ern States, in opposition to the Know Nothing
party.
Mr. JONES. Allow me to correct the gentle-
man from Kentucky in one particular. He mis-
understood me if he understood me to say that
I did not mean the American party. I stated dis-
tinctly I recognized no such party; that I was an
American; the word I used was Know Nothing.
But I said that if "gentlemen were at a loss to
comprehend what was meant by that, they might
call it the party which they called the American
party. The Know Nothing party is some places
sectional, and some places national, and I wanted
to embrace all of them under that name.
Mr. CAMPBELL. Sir, I have ever conceived
that, through courtesy, a party was entitled to
that denomination which it claims, and that when
any gentleman in a convention or in a caucus is
called upon to refer to that party, he should char-
acterize it by the name which it claims. Sir, I
have never yet let fall from my lips the allegation
that the Democratic party was a Locofoco party;
and I recognize no right, in any gentleman, to
call the American party the Know Nothing party.
[Applause in the galleries.]
Sir, gentlemen may evade, they may shrink
from their declarations in writing or in words, but
this resolution of the gentleman from Pennsyl-
vania, [Mr. Jones,] introduced in the Demo-
cratic caucus, is an insult to the American party.
I came here prepared to vote for the distinguished
Representative of South Carolina, [Mr. Orr,] if
it were necessary for the organization of the
House, looking on him as eminently national and
as eminently patriotic. But what docs thatreso-
lution do ? It binds forty national men, who are
representatives of the American party 011 this
floor, in opposition to any cooperation with them,
and I stand here prepared to cast my vote for any
national man in opposition to any sectional fac-
tionist from whatever quarter he may come.
[Applause in the gallery.]
The allegation Ens been made that the Ameri-
can party is notanational party; and from whence
does it corns ? From gentlemen belonging to the
Democratic party of this House. They tell us
that theirs is the national party—that it is more
national than ours. And what evidence is there
of this fact? Have they held less communion
with the Abolitionists—with that faction which
teaches the doctrine of political larceny, of politi-
cal infamy—than ours? Have they made less cap-
ital by_ pandering to the prejudices of northern
fanaticism ? Have they not sought the votes of
men who arc false to their country ? In what,
then , consists this halo of nationality which they
say is thrown around the Democratic party?
Mr. Clerk, when you come to examine the
record of the Democratic party, you will find them
as sectional as any other party. They have as
sectional a platform as any party in the country
ever had. They have a national organ published
in this city, edited by a man formerly occupying
the position of United States Senator from the
State of Tennessee. That newspaper, 011 the 5th
of June, 1854, avowed that the Democratic party
could never nationalize itself upon the question
of slavery, and that if the Baltimore National
Convention had taken that position upon the
compromise measures of 1850, conditioned, as it
was, with several separate fragments of which it
was composed, there would have been a dismem-
berment of that party. Sir, could a national
organ, representing a national party, avow such
a sentiment as that?
And, sir, the resolutions of that convention met
not the issue. The Whig party, then boasting of
its unfaltering fidelity to the Union, held its con-
vention; but when the national men of that con-
vention demanded that resolutions should be
passed such as should bo satisfactory to the
South and to the North, like political managers
they faltered; they did not meet the issue, and
what was the result? These two great parties
vied with each other in encouraging the support
of this fanatical party at the North. And by
their devices, and the measures adopted by them
to obtain its cooperation and support, they have
brought the country to its present condition. By
the influence of their fostering care, it has sent to
the halls of legislation sectional and fanatical
men.
Then, sir, what did the"Ameijcan party do?
They neld a national convention, which did meet
the issue. They placed the question upon a
national ground. They avowed that this Con-
federacy was designed for the benefit and advant-
age of each and every citizen alike, whether he
was from the North or whether he was from the
South. -Wherever he came from, every .citizen
had an equality of right, and was entitled to an
equality of protection in his property, in his life,
and in his liberty. And further, they avowed
that they would stand .by the existing laws of
the country, and maintain them in every part.
And they further said, that any man who faltered
in carrying his nationality to that extent might
sever his connection from the party.
Well, sir, what was the result? There were
men in that convention who had been associated
with the American party, and who had been
raised to high positions by that party, which es-
chewed all sectional agitation, which eschewed all
allegiance to any sectional or local power; but they
went out from that convention, and what was the
result? They formed what is now known as the
Black Republican party, and they hoisted the black
flag of hostility to the nationality of the country.
They called a meeting, which was heldin Cincin-
nati, and what did thoydo? They there passed a
resolution, in lieu of the twelfth section of the Phil-
adelphia platform, upon the subject of slavery and
the Missouri compromise.
Mr. WALDRON, (interrupting.) I wish to
call the gentleman's attention to the name used
by him to designate a party in this country. I
desire to ask him by what authority he calls any
party " the Black Republican party?"
Mr. CAMPBELL. I called the party by the
name I have heard it designated by. what is
the name of your party ?
Mr. WALDRON. The party to which I be-
long is called the Republican party.
Mr. CAMPBELL. Very well. I will call it
by the name the gentleman wishes to be known
by. I say, then, these men withdrew from the
Philadelphia convention.
Mr. JONES, of Pennsylvania. The gentleman
from Kentucky will allow 1110 to interrupt him,
merely to say, that I understood him, in his first
remarks this morning, to complain of me, on my
part, for want of courtesy in not using the party
nn me which his party chose to designate itself by.
Now, if 1 understood him correctly, he called the
party wi tli which I am acting a faction. [Laugh -
tor.] Now, I want him to understand that the Dem-
ocratic party is particularly indignant at the idea
of being called a faction.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I will assure my friend
from Pennsylvania that I have never called the
party with which he acts a faction. I have never
called it by any other name than by that it calls
itself. I should have too much courtesy—too
much self-respect—*0 speak of his party as a fac-
tion.
Then, sir, this Republican party held their
convention at Cincinnati, and there passed reso-
lutions, demanding the restoration of the Mis-
souri compromise, and demanding that as the
ultimatum of their party. Now, sir, we at the
South have ever looked upon tins Missouri com-
promise as unfair in its essential features, as a
measure that was sectional and local, that it
avowed indirectly the principle, that the South-
erner, however patriotic, however devotional he
might have been to the Confederacy, whether in
time of war or in time of peace—he is to be treated
inferior to the northern man. It forbid the one
man to emigrate there with his property, while it
allowed the other to go thei-e with his, and pro-
tected him in the enjoyment of it.
Mr. HUGHSTON. I ask the gentleman to
allow me to put an interrogatory to him. Will
he tell mo how many there were of this Black
Republican party in the South?
Mr. CAMPBELL. I will answer the gentle-
man, that I only know of two in the Common-
wealth of Kentucky.
Mr. HUGHSTON. The gentleman from
Kentucky will allow me to say that wc have a
Black Republican party at the North; and that I
trust it is, in Kentucky, a grain of mustard-seed
that will go on and spread, until the fowls of the
air may lodge in its branches. [Hisses in the
gallery, and excitementj
Mr. CAMPBELL. The gentleman from New
York calls his party the Black Republican party.
The gentleman from Michigan, [Mr. Waldron,]
however, objects to my calling it by that name, and
insists that it shall be called the Republican party.
Now I want to know who I shall follow, and by
what name I shall designate that party? -
, Mr. HUGHSTON. It matters not to mo by
what name my party is called. I wish, however,
distinctly to be understood that I am not a mem-
ber of any American or Know Nothing organiza-
tion . But the last of all organizations that I would
ever connect myself with, is with the twelfth-sec-
tion Know Nothings, who are in favor of what
they term a national platform.
Mr. ALEXANDERK. MARSHALL. I will
ask the gentleman a question. Does he belong to
that organization ?
Mr. HUGHSTON. I do not.
Mr. MARSHALL. I do not refer to the
American, but to the Republican organization, or
the-, Black Republican organization—take which-
ever name you prefer.
Mr. HUGHSTON. I belong to the Republi-
can party of New York.
Mr. MARSHALL. Will you tell me what
are the aims and intentions of that party which
you figure as a mustard-seed, and which is to
grow and strengthen? [Cries of " It will take a
week to do it!" " Declare the vote !"]
Mr. HUGHSTON. I am perfectly willing to
answer the gentleman.
Mr. MARSHALL. Tell me, then, what are
the aims and objects of your organization on the
"subject of slavery?
Mr. HUGHSTON. I never cavil in regard to
names. Gentlemen may suit their own taste in
reference to the names by which we pre to be
designated. That is a mere matter of taste.
Mr. MARSHALL. The gentlexnan does not
answer my question. I presume that he can do
it briefly. [Cries of " Declare the vote !" " An-
swer the question!"]
Mr. HUGHSTON. I will answer the gentle-
man from Kentucky with pleasure at the proper
time; and my answer, I assure him, will be cat-
egorical.
Mr. MARSHALL. I will waive the question.
[Cries of " Lotus have the vote!" " Declare the
vote!"]
The CLERK. The gentleman from Kentucky
has the floor.
Mr.CAMPBELL, of Kentucky. Mr. Clerk,
when interrupted, I was addressing the House in
relation to the Missouri compromise. I was pro-
ceeding to state that it .was a measure in its char-
acter prejudicial to the South; that it made an
unjust discrimination bciween northern and south-
ern citizens; and that ita repeal placed the country
and its citizens of.all sections under the Constitu-
tion exactly as was d:\signed by the founders of
our Government. And I say now that the South,
thus placed in the position which she is entitled
to occupy with the North, never will submit to
the restoration of that Missouri compromise line,
or to a change of policy other than that which
has been avowed by the American party.
In addition, we demand that wc shall be let alone.
We ask no legislation on this subject. If slavery
be a moral, social, and political evil, then this
Republican party should be satisfied that the in-
fluence of the evil is not upon it, but upon those
which it surrounds. "We do nut ask interference.•
Not satisfied, however, with their own business,
with the local institutions of their own States,
they come forward, despite the plain provisions
of the Constitution, to take charge of the interests
of the southern people. And by their expressed
abhorrence for our institutions, and the princi-
ples of their political platform, we are led to be-
lieve that they are ready to push matters to a
length which must ultimately lead to a dissolu-
tion of this Union.
Mr. STANTON. By what authority docs the
gentleman say that the Republican party of the
United States desires to interfere with the insti-
tutions of the slaveholding portion of the country ?
Mr. CAMPBELL. By the resolution passed
at the Cincinnati convention, or the construction
which it bears, for the repeal of the Kansas and
Nebraska act.
Mr. STANTON. Read the resolution.
