46
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[December 18,
34th Cong....1st Sess.
Organization of the House—Mr. Walker.
Ho. of Reps.
hand—the Mobile Register—uses the following
language:
" The Democratic party in Congress has taken its stand
upon its principle—principles not ot to day or to-morrow,
but principles tiiat will stand tlie te.-t of tune, and remain
tile ture Ibunditioii of a party that appeals to the patriotism
it f.itp tlwtll* Ikkirn AAllll4ptllA
IIIC JrUIC IIALI111i'llll'll Vl (1 J/IM 1/ I" IIIV/ [H l IVVIOIU
of the people to support it tor their own and tiie country's
good. They have no bargains to oft'er. They do not choose
to huv southern Know Nothings to do their duty to their
constituents with the paltry pelf of an office, or a contempt-
ible advantage in the di.-tributioii of the powers of the
House. They ofler a creed and a candidate that ought to
command southern Know Nothing votes; but (he Adver-
tiser and its small party in Congress prefer trifling to duty,
prefer to waste their suffrages on impossible candidates io
planting them where they will tell against the enemies of
the South; and they salve their consciences under this
solemn mockery by upbraiding a solid body of seventy-nine
Democrats for not coining to their corporal's guard of thirty,
and electing Humphrey Marshall. Oh, hut they are will-
ing to go to Kiuhard«on, but t!rey have met with 110 en-
couragement from the Democrats; they have been treated
with contempt. We fancy no Democrat would have thrown
an obstacle 111 their way if tiiey had walked up to vote for
ftichankon. If they have met with a rebuff, then, it is on
account of the trade they brought in their hands as a con-
sideration for their voting for Richardson. They are ready
to do their duty, ready to make common cause with the
only party that is available to combat Abolitionism, pro-
vided tliey get a valuable consideration for it. 1 >Ut upon
such transparent attempts to hoodwink the people of the
South in reference to the true state of this case'. The fact
stands patent to the public eye, that the southern Know
Nothings are engaged in solemn trifling, while they have
had it in their power to have defeated the arch-conspirators,
Seward, Weed, and Greeley, who are plotting against the
safety of the South and the peace of the Union."
In the issue of the same paper of the day pre-
ceding this, in another article commenting upon
the state of affairs in this House, the editors re-
fer to me by name, and charge me with having
trifled in tne discharge of my duty: they say,
that upon a certain day I am recorded as having
voted for a Mr. Davis for Speaker, and that in
turn Mr. Davis voted for me.
Now, sir, as I remarked before,under ordinary
circumstances, I should have taken no heed to
such comments; but I think the time has come '
when every man's position upon this floor should !
not only be known to his fellow-members, but j
made known to the country. He should make
known where he stands, and where he intends to
stand. Why, sir, this small body of thirty men
have not only been the target for the press of the
country, but they have been used in this House
in the game of shuttle-cock and battle-door, by
the Republicans on the one side, and by the
Democracy on the other. What has the gentle-
man from Tennessee [Mr. Smith] said ? That the
Democratic party was the only one in this House
acting upon principle. Why, sir, it is the prin-
ciple of party arrogance, of party exclusiveness. I
i hey met in their preliminary caucus, and adopted I
a resolution which many of the calmer members !
of the party cannot but admit to be an insult to
members upon this floor who agreed with them
on the general principles of Government, and
only differed with them in reference to a mere
matter of legislative expediency.
Well, what is the condition of this small body
of thirty men? and where do they stand ? Have
they acted thus far in a spirit of captiousness, of
°.bJects had they to gain ? What
unon d!is wi,perS-lSt®"Cy in thcir efforts
upon this floor? '-Why, sir, is there a man here
who has not before this realized the fact that if
these southern Know Nothing,, on tL opSin-
01 the session, had rallied to the support of the
thltTam' nTt' lat6' (and *Jere Permit me to say
that I am glad to have met that gentleman in this
H though not belonging to the party
of which he is the standard-bearer-the compl£
ment extended to him is justly his due;)?he
fact, I say, must now be realized by all parties
that, if the southern Know Nothings hacf, at the
opening of the contest thrown themselves into
tne ranks of that gentleman's supporters, there
could have been no result other than to havefree- '
soiled the organization of the House. A union
ot the southern Know Nothings with the Dem- '
nf'iu0 D&rty C°uld not have il,sured the election
tho t r" ^ICI,ARDS.0N> for 'he simple reason, that
r°/?;CCSritcd Would not constitute a ma-
5n , r,Ho,USC| and such a« effort would
in all probability have placed the control of the
House in the hands of the Free-Soilers. Then
aS southern Know Nothings of this
House are concer^d, tlutoffect of our action has
been to stave off and prevent such an organiza-
tion as the one mentioned.
But, sir, that party claims to be a national one.
It was said on yesterday, that its claim to na-
! tionality is predicated on—what? On a certain
![ number of southern gentlemen calling themselves
; Democrats, who have united with fifteen gentlemen
j from northern States, only one or two, I believe,
J coming from a State further north than Pennsyl-
: vania. This union of a portion of southern mem-
bers upon this floor with a small fragment of the
1 northern representation, constitutes, in their ap-
prehension, a full and complete title and ground
to the claim of nationality. Contrast their posi-
: tion, so far as the claim to nationality is concerned,
j with that of the National America or Know
j Nothing party of this House. Some twenty-six
or twenty-seven southern gentlemen with fifteen
northern gentjemen, coming from some of the
largest States in the Union, uniting for a common
purpose, standing upon a basis known to this
country, and pledged by their acts here to do—
what? Why, to abide by existing laws on the
subject of slavery; to resist with all their efforts
a renewal of the agitation of the subject in and
out of this Hall; and to vote for the admission
of a State into the Union, whether its constitution
does or does not recognize slavery as one of its
social institutions. This is the position of this
much-abused and vilified American party of this
House; and when I use the term "American
I Party." understand me as only making applica-
; tion to those thirty or forty with whom I have
' thus far acted.
- But, say my Democratic friends, theirs is the
only national party. National! Why, sir, its
claims to nationality rest upon a sandy founda-
! tion.
Now, I would ask them, and in no taunting-
spirit, whether they have the power to unite in
harmonious action its members from different sec- j
tions? I ask them to point me to any great princi-
ple emblazoned upon their present banner, potent
enough to break down geographical and sectional
questions?
It lias no just claim to nationality. It main-
tains, it is true, here and there, its name and or-
ganization, but it has long since lost that integrity
of aim and purpose,-that attachment to principle,
which heretofore won the popular regard and'
favor.
It lives but under the shado wof its past renown.
It cart only purchase a nationality by unmanly
and disgraceful compromises. But even at such
try, to be synonymous with Free-Soilism. The
nationality of the Democratic party in this
House, in my opinion, consists in this fact: that
the whole body of the Democratic members from
the .Vor// , and the whole body of the Democratic
members from the South, act together here as a
, unit. No other party here presents that aspect.
' Now the gentleman from Alabama certainly does
not impute to me, or those gentlemen who voted
for my resolution, an intention to insult any in-
dividual, or any class of individuals. I am sure
such was not the case. My friend will search
; those resolutions in vain to find a word about
[ the American party. We speak of the Know
Nothing party, which, in my country—and I
§ resume it is the same elsewhere—means Free-
oilism concealed, in contradistinction to Frcc-
Soilism openly and publicly professed.
I merely wish my friend to understand, as an
allusion was made to the same thing yesterday,
that, as 1 understand the Democracy, they only
wished to place themselves on a national platform
before the whole country, so that neither gentle-
men from the North nor gentlemen from the
South should misunderstand theirposition. They
mean to stand upon that platform without com-
promise or concession; they do it from devotion
;; to what they believe to be a great principle, and
i, as a duty which they owe to thcir country; but
they never did design to cast any imputation
I upon any class or classes of men.
| I hope, therefore, my friend from Alabama
j will understand that, in speaking of the Know
Nothing party, as a Pennsylvania Democrat I
i mean to say that, but for that party by that
name called and known—and the records of the
country sustain me in that position—I believe
; that Pennsylvania this day would cast a vote
that no man would question the nationality of.
' ALLISON. Will the gentleman from
j Alabama allow me to put an inquiry to my col-
league from the Berks district?
Mr. AVALKER, I will yield for that pur-
pose. r
Mr. ALLISON.
. WJ 1 #    <_ 1 *_1| uv out.
a cost its claim to nationality is an empty boast.
North of Mason and Dixon's line it has shared
the fate of its old adversary, and been absorbed
in the swelling tide of Free-Soilism.
At the South, it is divided between the sup-
porters and the opponents of the Administration;
and it is a fact known to the country, that its
successes in the late elections, achieved as thev
were by the cooperation of Whigs—who, -with-
out anv coincidence of opinion, save opposition
to the American party, united with them for the
time—have been rather the result of local and
state issues, and a misconception of the aims
and purposes of the new party, than any gen-
eral popular recognition of any great, living-
principle of the Democratic party. I ask if this
is not a portraiture of the Democratic party >
, Vet this is their claim to nationality; and because
southern men, having an identity of feeling with
them, withhold their cooperation, they are ac-
cused as leaguing against that party with Free-
boilers. As long as that insulting resolution
stares them m the face, and is not retracted, it ■
places them in a humiliating position. I ask the
members of that party, in all candor and kind-
poski^, ? r 7 are jUSt in Puuif)g us in that
M--. JONES, of Pennsylvania. Will the ?en-
s \
ting
mate exactly what was meant by t. Twill
merely state that the nationality of FennsylvaS
instead of being represented upon this floor this'
fo7&SR ,laUOnalvolps> Poll seventeen
tor Mr. Richardson, if it were nnt zr
No,hi«sim, „hich uSSorLt'y
  I wish to know whether I
understood my colleague aright. I understood
him to say that the principles of the Know
Nothing party and of the Free-Soil or anti-Ne-
braska party were identical, and therefore that
there was not a majority of national Democrats
from Pennsylvania on this floor. Now, if I un-
derstood my colleague aright, I wish to say that
I indorse the idea expressed by him—that had it
not been for the fact that the people of Pennsyl-
vania condemned the Kansas and Nebraska act
of the last Congress, it might have been that sev-
enteen national Democrats would have been found
upon this floor; but having condemned that act,
the Know Nothings and the Free-Soil party
united, and Pennsylvania is represented here
by a majority of those who condemn that act
[Laughter.]
Mr. JONES. What was my colleague's ques-
tion ? I did not understand it.
Mr. ALLISON. The question I desired to put
to my colleague was this: Whether I understood
mm aright to say that the sentiments of the Free-
I Sod party and the Know Nothing party were
( uP°n the question of the extension of
Mr- JONES. Yes; but I wish to explain my-
self in three words, so that I cannot be misun-
derstood.
' coMagueLLISON' °h'1 perfeClIy a£ree my
Mr. JONES. What I meant to say, Mr.
mrK nfp" S,' that the nationaI Democratic
P 'y of Pennsylvania are willing any day, and at
bvythUn't0 mQ<Vhe Fl;°e-Soil Pany> as known
• ? that name, and to risk everything upon that
issue before the people of Pennsylvania; butwhen
a society, calling itself Know Nothing, is also in
tne tield, with a secret organization, and concealing-
those very same Free-Soil principles-an under-
ground organization with an above-ground opera-
tion—between the two, the Democratic party is
left with only six Representatives standing- but
we are proud of those six.
Mr- CAMPBELL, of Pennsylvania. Will
the gentleman from Alabama allow me to say a
word in reply to my colleague.
Mr. WALKER. Not now; I prefer to go on.
