m-
TIJtE COKGREamMAL. GLftBE-.,
December 20,
Mr. NICHOLS.' I am not aware that any
hissing has come from any members. But we-
have arrived at this crisis, that the sentiments of
members, uttered upon this floor, are systemat-
ically hissed or applauded in the galleries. Now,
sir, the power exists in the officers of the House
to preserve order at all times, and, notwithstand-
ing the rebuke of the gentleman from Tennessee
[Mr. Jones] may be all very weir, as applied-to
members, it occurs to me that some better order
should be preserved than we have heretofore had;
and therefore I persist in my motion.
Mr. JONES. I presume, sir, from what has
occurred in the galleries, that my peculiar senti-
ments would find as 'little sympathy there as
would those of the gentleman from Ohio; but,
opposed to proscription, religious or political, I
am for the largest liberty; and if the Know Noth-
ings assemble in the galleries and applaud when
their friends make speeches here, I, for one, will
not, until this House shall be organized and rules
for its government adopted, vote to turn out of
the galleries of the National Capitol even those
who would proscribe me.
Mr. HUMPHREY MARSHALL. I move
that the House do now adjourn.
Mr. FLORENCE. Upon that I demand tollers.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Florence
and Wheeler were appointed.
The question was then taken, and the tellers
reported—ayes 10f>, nays 80
The motion being agreed to, the House accord-
ingly (at three o'clock and thirty-five minutes)
adjourned until to-morrow,at twelve o'clock, m.
IN SENATE.
Thursday, December 2ft, 1855.
Prayer bythe Chaplain, Rev.Henry C. Dean.
The J ournal of yesterday was road and approved.
PAPERS WITHDRAWN.
On motion by Mr. FOSTER, it was
Ordered, That tlie memorial of Francis Guilbeau, admin-
istrator of Bryan Callaghan, deceased, be withdrawn from
the lUos of the Senate, and referred to the Couit of Claims.
On motion by Mr. FOSTER, it was
Ordered, That Nalimn Ward have leave to withdraw his
memorial and papers for the purpobe of presentation to the
Court of Claims.
PRIVATE CLAIMS.
Mr. BRODHEAD. The Committee on Claims,
to whom was referred the resolution in relation
to private claims, submitted by the Senator from
Tennessee, [Mr. Bm.l,] and an amendment to it,
submitted by the Senator from Maine, [Mr.
Hamun,] have instructed me to report the fol-
lowing as a substitute for the resolution and
amendment:
Jlciolvcd, That all private claims, upon whicli no adverse
reports wro made or ordered during the last session, and
whe'li weio ponding before the Senate at the close of the
last session, and which claims are founded upon any law
of Oongn^s, or upon any regulation of ail executive de-
partment, or upon any eo.lttact, expiess or implied, with
the Government of the United States, and which the claim-
ants choose to prosecute before the Court of Claims, be, and
the same are hereby, rel'eired to riie said eouit; and the
►Seeietaiy of the Senate he, and he is heiehy, instructed to
deliver all the papers m such eases to the clerk of the said
couit upon his application.
Mr. President, if it be the pleasure of the Sen-
ate , I ask that the resolution which I have reported
as a substitute for the resolution submitted bythe
Senator from Tennessee bo now considered.
The PRESIDENT. The Chair bears no ob-
jection; (he resolution is, therefore, before the
Senate.
Mr. BRODHEAD. The Senate will observe
that the Committee on Claims have embodied in
the resolution the words of the law, and have
only proposed to refer to the Court of Claims
rases in which they now have jurisdiction. The
effect of this resolution will be to enable private
claimants to obtain their papers from the Senate
files in those cases in which the court have juris-
diction, without a spccial reference of their cases
to the court by the Senate. I will read the
clause of the act which confers jurisdiction upon
the court:
"The said court shall hear and determine all claims found-
ed upon any law of Congress, or upon anv regulation of an
executive department, or upon any contract, expressed or
Implied, tvith the Government of the United States"—
These are the tvords the committee have quoted—
"which may be suggested to it by a petition filed therein,
and also all claims which may be referred to said court by
either House .of Congress-"
This resolution will only refer to- the court
cases in which they have jurisdiction, without a
special reference by the Senate; because there
were many cases pending before us at the. last
session in which the court have jurisdiction with-
out such a reference. This resolution will enable
claimants to obtain their papers by the cleric of
the Court of Claims making a call on the Secre-
tary of the Senate for them.
Mr. HUNTER. Mr. President, it seems to
me it is possible that there may be one difficulty
which can be provided against by an addition to
the resolution. Will the court consider all such
claims referred to them as, they believe to be
founded upon law, or departmental regulation, or
contract; or will they take jurisdiction of them
merely because the papers are delivered ? It is
desirable that the court should only take jurisdic-
tion of such cases as they believe come within
the description of the law and of this resolution;
and, therefore, I think the Senator from Penn-
sylvania would better accomplish his purpose if
he would add at the end of the resolution some
such words as these—" if the court should be of
opinion that they come within the character de-
scribed in this resolution." Let him add some
words to this effect.
Mr. BRODHEAD. Such is my intention, and
such was the intention of the committee, because
they quote the words of the act conferring juris-
diction; but the Senator from Virginia will ob-
serve these words in the act:
" The said court shall hear and determine all claims
founded upon any law of Congress, or upon any regulation
of an executive department, or upon any contract, express
or implied, with the Government of the United States."
These are the words of the act; these are the
words wc have used in the resolution; and, there-
fore, the court will not take cognizance of a claim
unless it falls within this description^ The mere
fact of reference does not confer jurisdiction
under this resolution.
Mr. HUNTER. With that understanding,
the resolution is well enough.
The resolution was agreed to.
SENATOR FROM ILLINOIS.
Mr. CASS. Mr. President, at the commence-
ment of the sessien I submitted to the Senate a
protest from some of the members of the Legis-
lature of Illinois against the election of the hon-
orable member from that State, [Mr. Trumbci.i..]
I said then, that on the organization of the com-
mittees, I would move its reference to one of
them—meaning the Committee on the Judiciary.
I now move that that protest be referred to the
Committee on the Judiciary; but I am willing
that it shall go to a special committee, or to any
other committee which may be preferred by the
Senate. If no preference be expressed, I ask
that it be referred to the Committee on the Ju-
dtciary.
The PR.ESIDENT. That reference will be
made, unless it be objected to.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Mr. President, I am en-
tirely indilferent as to what committee the pro-
test may go; but as the signers of the protest
seem not to have been aware of the fact that I
ceased to be a judge, and was succeeded on the
bench, some two years before fny election to the
Senate, I wish to present the evidence of that
fact, that it may go to the committee along with
the protest.
The PRESIDENT. The document will be
received and referred. ..
Mr. BUTLER. The practice upon this sub-
ject has been different. Upon some occasions
protests and papers of this kind have been refer-
red to a committee raised specially for the purpose,
in the nature of a committee of privileges and
elections. On other occasions such questions
have been referred to the Committee on the
Judiciary. I am inclined to think there ought to
be a more numerous committee to try questions
of this kind, and one which might be supposed
to be selected for the justice and impartiality of
its members m regard to the point in dispute. I
do not believe the Committee on the Judiciary
will have any feeling in this case one way or the
other; but I would prefer to have a special com-
mittee raised, if such be the wish of the sitting
member or any of his friends.
The PRESIDENT.' The Senator from South
Carolina submits no motion I believe ?
Mr. BUTLER No, sii\ I ma,ke the sugges-
tion to the sitting member, the honorable Senator
from Illinois, that, if it be the wish of himself or
his friends that a special committee should be
raised, it would be more agreeable to me.
Mr. TRUMBULL. 1 have no wish to express- -
about it. I am. entirely satisfied that the case
shall go to the standing committee of the Senate.
I have no sort of feeling on that point. It is a
matter of entire indifference to me before what
committee it shall go.
On motion, the Senate adjourned to Monde
next.
Dnda/
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Thursday, December 20, 1855.
The Houso was called to order by the Clerk
at twelve o'clock, m.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
ELECTION OF SPEAKER.
The business first in order being the election
of a "Speaker, the Clerk proceeded to call the roll
on the sixty-seventh vote for Speaker, with the
following result: Whole number of votes cast,
221; necessary to a choice, 111; of which—
NathanielP, Banks received 103
William A. Richardson  73
Henry M. Fuller     34
Benjamin P. Leiter  9
Alexander C.M.Pennington  2
James L. Orr •    «• 1
John Williams *  1
Lewis D. Campbell  1
John Cadwalader   1
Nathaniel G. Foster   1
John Scott Hamson    1
So there was no choice.
The following is the vote in detail:
For Mr. Banks— Messrs. Albright, Allison, Ball, Barbour,
Benson, BiJUngliurst, Bingham, Bishop, Bliss, Bradshaw,
Brenton, Buffington, Burhngame, James H. Campbell,
Lewis D. Campbell, Chaffee, Ezra Clark, Clawson, Colfax,
Comins, Covode, Cragin, Cumbaek, Damrell, Timothy
Davis, Day, Dean, De Witt, Dick, Dickson, Dodd, Durfcc,
Edwards, Emne, Flagler, Galloway, Giddings, Gilbert,
Granger, Grow, Robert B- Hall, Harlan, Holloway, Thomas
R. Horton, Valentine B. Ilorton, Howard, Hughston, Kel-
sey, King, linapp, Knight, KnoMton, Knox, Kunkel,
Leiter, Mace, Matteson, McCarty, Meacham, Killiari Mil-
ler, Moigan, Morrill, Mott, Murray, Nichols, Norton,
Parker, I'earce, Pelton, Pennington, Perry, Pettit, Pike,
Piingle,Purviance, Ritchie, Robbms,Robison, Sabin, Sage,
Sapp, Sherman, Simmons, Spinner, Stanton, Stranahan,
Tappan, Thonngton, Thurston, Todd, Traftori, Tyson,
Wade, Walbridge, Waldron, Cadwalader C. Washburne,
Elhhu B. Washburne, Israel Washburn, Watson, Welch,
Wood, Woodruff, and Woodworth.'
For Mr. Richardson—Messrs. Aiken, Allen, Barclay,
Barksdale, Bell, Henry S. Bennett, Boeock, Bowie, Boyce,
Branch, Brooks, Buinett, Cadwalader, Caruthers, Caskie,
CJmgman, Howell Cobb, Williamson R. W. Cobb, Craige,
Crawfoid, Davidson, Denver, Dowdell, Edmundson, Eng-
lish, Faulkner, Florence,Thomas J. D. Fuller,Goode,Green-
wood, Augustus Hall, Sampson W. Harris, Thomas L.
Harris, Herbert, Hickman, Houston, Jewett, George W.
Jones, J. Cflaney Jones, Keitt, Kelly, Kidvvell, Letcher,
Lumpkin, Samuel S, Marshall, Maxwell, McMulhn, Mc-
Queen, Smith Miller, Millson,Mordecai 01ivei,0rr, Packer,
Peek, Powell, (iuitman, Ru&n, Rust, Sandidge, Savage,
Seward, Shorter, Samuel A. Smith, Stephens, Stewart,
Taibott,Tayloi, Vail, Warner, Watkins, Wells, Winslow,
and John V. Wright.
For Mr. Fuller—Messrs. Broom, John P. Campbell, Car-
lile,Cox,'Cullen, Henry Wmter Davis, Etberidge, Eustis,
Evans, Foster, J. Morrison Harris, Hoffman, Kennett,
Lake, Lindley, Alexandei K. Marshall, Humphrey Mar-
shall, Millward, Pame, Porter, Puryear, Reade, Ready,Ri-
caud, Rivers, William R. Smith, Sneed, Swope, Trippe,
Underwood, Valk, Walker, Whitney, and ZollicofFer.
For Mr. Leiter—Messrs. Dunn and Moore.
For Mr. Pennington—Messrs. Harrison and Scott.
For Mr. Orr—Mr. Williams.
For Mr. Williams— Mr. Wheeler.
For Mr. Campbell—Mr. Edie.
For Mr. Cadwalader—Mr. Richardson.
For Mr. Foster—Mr. Henry M. Fuller.
For Mr. Harrison—Mr. Haven.
Mr. SMITH, of Alabama. Mr. Clerk, the
result of the vote, as just announced, is a pretty-
fair indication as to the point which we will reach
to-day. Jt affords very little consolation to those
who desire to see this thing brought to a close.
I have forborne, up to this time, opening my
mouth on this subject, although I have often
entertained a desire to do so. 1 have restrained
myself because I believe that speaking is the very
last mode by which harmony can be promoted
here.
I donotrisenow to make a speech; I rise to make
a proposition—one of my own humble concep-
tion—not to organize the House, but to promote
by degrees the business of the House. My plan
