48
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[December 22,
34th Cong....1st Sess.
Organization of the House—Mr. Bennett.
Ho. of Reps.
thus far acted with me, they occupy the same !l assiduous in his attempts to undermine the-found'
ground; and believing this, I am willing to confer |i ation upon vhich the Democratic party stands.
with those members of this House who stand
upon this general platform with me—to meet and
confer with them, not as parties struggling only
for personal or political ascendency, but as men
of any or all parties, actuated only by one com-
mon desire to serve the great interests of the
country, and to insure a true and conservative
organization of this House. I say, sir, that
unless I am greatly mistaken in the feelings and
the opinions of those with whom I have acted, I
am but expressing their own thoughts, and giving
utterance to their own wishes and their own
hopes. And I submit this in taking my seat—
and I beg that my words may be heard and
understood—that if no organization be effected \
this day, those members of the House, coming ;
from what sections they may, who are willing to 1
abide by existing laws on the subject of slavery,
who feel it their duty to vote for the admission
of a State into this Union whether its constitu-
tion does or does not recognize slavery as a part
of its social system, meet in this Hall this even-
ing, at half past seven o'clock, for the purpose
of having a conference to devise some plan by
which a conservative organization may be ef-
fected here.
organization of the house.
SPEECH OF HON. H. S. BENNETT,
of mississippi,
In the House or Representatives,
December 22, 1855.
The election of Speaker being the business
before the House,
Mr. BENNETT, of Mississippi, said:
Mr. Clerk: Howsoever much I may be dis-
inclined to participate in the discussion of the vari-
ous questions which have been presented to the
We have been told that the Democratic party was
dead, that this party had risen upon the ruins of
both the old political parties; let me ask, is it the
Banquo's ghost of Democracy that disturbs their
j slumbers?
I What is the proposition which has been sub-
mitted by the gentleman from Alabama, [Mr.
Smith ?] It is, that this House shall proceed by
common consent to appoint the committees upon
which shall devolve the important duties usually
devolving on this branch of Congress. The very
resolution presupposes an organization; or does
he address the proposition to the Hall that shel-
ters us from the inclemency of the weather?
Does he not know that the appellation of " House
of Representatives" is never given to the Repre-
sentatives of the people until they have organized
in obedience to the organic law and the legisla-
tion of the country? There is but one mode in j
which this House can be organized, and that is ;
by a steady adherence to the provisions of the i
Constitution and laws passed under it. There
is but one opening through which we must enter,
in order to effect so desirable an object. The J
duties appertaining, under the law, to the Speaker I
cannot be transferred to any other person. The I
Sergeant-at-Arms is required to take an oath and
in the selection of a Speaker? We have in our
resolutions given the same construction to the
eighth section of the platform that their own
party have given to it, and the same that many
Protestant religious periodicals have placed upon
it; and, sir, I maintain, if that article in their
i| platform does not mean to proscribe Catholics,
! it means nothing.
I cannot as a Democrat give my support to Mr.
Fuller, if there were no other objections than
that he is a member of the American party, and
indorses that platform, the provisions of which,
in my opinion, binds every one indorsing it to
submit to whatever acts of oppression the North
may inflict upon them. I proceed to prove that
proposition. Suppose that the Republican party
North and the American party South had have
engaged in belligerent warfare, and that the North
were the victors, and the besieged party had sur-
rendered at discretion and were imploringly suing
for mercy and peace at the hands of Abolition-
ists, and that the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr.
Giddinos,] with full authority, was directed to
draw up the terms of submission, they could not,
in my opinion, have offered terms more humil-
iating to the South than is presented in the Phil-
adelphia platform. For years, sir, this slavery
agitation has been going on between the North
and the South; every act of political intrigue has
to give bond and security, which are to be ap-,! been adopted by the North to legislate upon this
proved of by the Speaker; and I maintain that j slavery question, covertly avoiding the direct
the Speaker, when properly selected, cannot : proposition by which the stability of the Union
rightfully transfer that right to anybody else;and j would be endangered; the gentleman from Ohio,
1 urge, sir, that the members elect to this House, as I supposed, having this one single idea in his
in their unorganized capacity, have no power to I mind in drawing up the terms of peace that let
! alter or modify a law passed by this body when jj the North, by legislation or otherwise, aggress,
organized. But these are not the questions which !l M  = - " - ■
it is my purpose to examine. We have voted
for many days, and without success, to elect a !
Speaker. |i
■ It has been said by the Opposition that the j
Democratic party stood in the way of the organ- !
„ , T. . ization of the House by the adoption, in their
attention of the House in its present disorgan- caucus, of principles that insulted, and were at
ized condition, I feel that it is due to the country
and the people whom I have the honor in part to
represent, that these questions should be placed
in their proper light before the country. I should
like to know why it is that, up to this late day,
war with, the professions of those who otherwise
possibly, if not probably, would unite with us
m electing our Speaker. What are those prin-
ciples ? We have declared to the country that
, / • , ■ tt * , • I we are in favor of civil and religious liberty, and
the majority party in this House have refused to is that the barrier which is placed between the i
n f U0*-n ai !f iCr t° Pr,es,de ovcr southern American party and the Democratic \
the deliberations of this body during the present party of this Union? I appeal to that party
Congress I hazard nothing in the expression [j themselves, and ask them whether such has not ,
semecfIcSf W with ^ ^ ' % a-*e, construction by their own members of 1
only a majority of one,
W less than twelve hours after our first meeting,
the House would have been organized, and the
necessary legislation of the country would now
have been in a rapid state of completion. But,
sir, from day to day, and week to week, we have
: the eighth section of the Philadelphia platform,
1 that it was proscriptive ? Is it not true, that in
obedience to their ritual, which declares that none
shall be placed in offices of honor or profit in the
gift of the people or by appointment, but native-
born Protestant citizens, and the obligations of
been presented with the most s^rtlin, p/oposi! ■
i,y the I". compelled to vote igamst'a Catholic orTfJr-
eigner? Gahcand CeJtare alike proscribed from
a. participation in the offices of the country* You
a ■ tltnt ...:n    i _ . •
majority party in this House, and
resolutions alike violative of every principle of
parliamentary procedure and of the organic law
of the land.
I demand to knowfrom gentlemen, from whence
do they derive the authori ty to compel any mem-
ber upon this floor to yield the constitutional i
right of voting of his own free will for Speaker,
to preside over our deliberations? Docs not the
Constitution vest in each member of this House
the right of his own free will to vote for
j swear that you will not vote or give your influ-
: ence for any man for any office in the gift of the
! people, unless he be an American-born citizen;
in favor of Americans ruling America; nor if he
| be a Roman Catholic ; that you will, in all po-
litical matters, so far .as its order is concerned,
until their fanatical cravings were fully satisfied,
that the American party would be bound to sub-
mit, indorsing the provisions of the Philadelphia
platform.
Now, sir, what is the first proposition of sub-
mission indorsed by the South m the Philadel-
phia platform ? It is, sir, that the Union of these
States is the paramount political good. What is
a paramount political good? It is a good above
Hall others; a good above the preservation of the
Constitution, above the sovereignty of the States,
above the protection of the institutions of the
South. This, sir, is the first step of submission
voluntarily made by the American party indors-
ing the Philadelphia platform. With this ad-
mission, let the North aggress as they may by-
State or national legislation, the members of the
American party who stand upon the Philadelphia
platform dare not raise their voice or arm in
driving back such wanton aggressions, if, in so
doing it-would have the slightest tendency to en-
danger that Union, to which they have pledged
themselves to be the paramount political good.
They not only submit to a platform that requires
them to agree that the Union is the paramount
political good; but, sir, they agree to opposa
every attempt to weaken or subvert it.
Suppose the sectional party in the North re-
fuse to admit a new State into this Union, (which
presents itself with a Republican form of gov-
ernment, that being the only constitutional test,)
because the State asking for admission adopts a
pro-slavery constitution; and suppose, sir, they
abolish slavery in the District of Columbia, and
I. SSMSir £* "jts! in
r,r.i the a ,, u,t preierence. jjia | Constitution, to render to the master his fugitive
'i olatro av\/i (Ua J I  • ®
ber to preside over the dehberauonroftlifs 'bodl not the American" nartv ~ i n TmfiVi L TI,suuu!on,' render to the master his fugitive
as Speaker . By what authority do members view olr thr"iXhCtfcleno^tlTnln?fi^me !'! th„® So^lth declaVes resistance to sulh
the feast to which the Democracy of the coun-
try /wve been invited by fusion rule ? Is it con- I
_ . ndorsing the
proscription of those who professed the"7rP7d of 1 JAl?d Because, sir,
tended thaf the W '   j the Roman Catholic church because of its reli ' Qtf ha\e already agreed that the Union of these
IriopBintolcance- And notonly d J - ■
!! I am misinformed, the gentlemar
! ana, a member in this House, wl
by the American party in Louisiar
diated that portion of the platfori
ously acting with the American pa
support of Mr. Fuller, of Pen
! pPeaker. Then I say, if they can
j harmoniously act with a member
; order who has repudiated the prii
, platform, with what propriety or cc
ouTnierberadopTng^the 'I! fZ Mt T'7 that'but'
resolutions for that end? I would like to kno^f  «« i !,'heTfentlema? from Lomsi-
in the great political
;entlemen who have
sition as candidates
iHiat political bland-
i so captivating as to
his House from the
choice ? It is true,
i: °iris-"ncy" 
i ' hawllvaf] - '
what healings arc presented in theYreat political : hvVhp r?eraber ln tllls House, who was elccted
Pandora's box of L two gentlenfen I t! i tt
he American party here
'uller, of Pennsylvanii
say, if they can thus unit  
TO** the mai! of their choice? It is true, ordeTwho^asTevadiatJrl ™,';mbcr tlleir own the spirit and the temper of the' con'stituencv
whilst the one, witn a manly frankness, avowed ; platform with what ^ , principles of their ' that I have the honor to represent on this floor^
himself ODenlvafainst nannilw o-vnet  " i r™lorm>w;:"1 what propriety or consistent ran !landl feel a — f, , ■, floor,
been presented by the Opposition 'as*candidates Por.t/°n of tlle platform, is harmoni-
What P°ll^l "and- support of5Mr. FuLLE^^o^Peifnq7i^ere-'ni?16 ( noi ieci proua, standing on this floor as the Rep-
ishrnenis have they, that are so captivating as to Speaker Then I :?'i0 Pennsy!vama, for resentative of a people who would submit to
 j UJUUU Uiese
btates is the paramount political good, and that
they oppose every attempt to weaken and sub-
vert it. This, sir, is no overstrained conclusion.
Do we not witness the most formidable array,
now in this House elected, pledged to do the
very thing I have alleged ? I for one should
not feci proud, standing on this floor i
the day, yet I maintain that the other i
most inexpressible pride in repre-
