1856.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1659
to take up for consideration the bill (S. No. 252)
to repeal so mack of the act of March 3, 1855, as
provides for the erection of an armory in the city
of Washington.
The motion was agreed to.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The question
is upon the engrossment of the bill, upon which
the yeas and nays have been ordered.
Mr. PEARCE. I beg leave to say—1 shall not
detain the Senate with a speech—that, if it were
an original question, I should vote with the Sen-
ator from Mississippi; but as the law has been
passed, and in part executed, and as the encroach-
ment has been made upon the Mall, and as 1 do
not see any probability of carrying the repealing
act through at this session, I shaii vote the other
way.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 20, nays 16; as follows:
YEAS—-Messrs. Alien, Bell of New Hampshire. Benja-
min, Blight, Brown. Collainer, Fessenden, Fish, Foster,
Geyer, Ilamlin, Hunter, James, Pratt, Pugli, Seward, Sli-
dell, Toombs, Trumbull, and Wilson—20.
NAYS—Messrs. Btggs Biodhead, Butler, Ca«s, Critten-
den, Dodge, Evans, Fitzpatrick, Foot. Jones of Tennessee,
Mason, Pearee, Thompson of Kentucky, Wade, Weller,
and Yuiee—1G.
So the bill was ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading. It was read the third time, and
passed.
PUBLIC BUILDINGS IN BALTIMORE.
Mr. BRODHEAD. I ask for the considera-
tion of the Private Calendar.
Mr. PEARCE. I trust the Senator from Penn-
sylvania will withdraw his motion, in order to
enable me to take up a bill. lam called away
necessarily from the Senate for a few days, and
I desire, before f go, to have the Senate act oi? a
bill of a local character which I think will not
occasion debate, and which will consume but
very little time. Perhaps a few explanations will
be necessary from me, but I pledge myself that,
if it shall give occasion to debate, and go beyond
the hour of one o'clock, I shall abandon it. It is
Senate bill .N o. 348, reported from the Committee
on Finance.
The motion was agreed to; and the hill(S. Xo.
343) to carry into eiFoct an act entitled " An act
to provide for the accommodation of the courts of
the United States in the district of Maryland, and
for a post office ot Baltimore city, Maryland,"
approved 17th February, 1855, was read the sec-
ond time, and considered as in Committee of the
Whole.
It proposes to approve the contracts made on
behalf of the United States, under the direction
of the President, by Captain A. H. Bowman, en-
gineer in charge of Treasury buildings, on the
2d of February, 1356, with George P. Kane, on
behalf of the Merchants' Exchange Company, of
the city of Baltimore, Maryland, by which that
company entered into stipulations to convoy to
the United States a certain piece of ground front-
ing on Gay, Lombard, and Second streets, in said
city, with the appuitenances thereon, and on the
22(1 of March, 1856, with S. Cariss, John S.
Berrv,and H. R. Reynolds, on behalf of the Grand
Lodge of the State of Maryland, for the convey-
ance to the United States of a certain piece of
ground fronting on St. Paul street and Court-
house lane, in that city, and the building theieon,
known as Masonic Hall; and with Andrew Mc-
Laughlin, for theconvcyance to the United States
of certain grounds, and buildings thereon, adjoin-
ing the Masonic Hall and fronting St. Paul and
Fayette streets. An appropriation of $386,885 66
is to be made to carry into elfect the stipulations
of the contracts, and for repairs and making fire-
proof building, and fitting up and furnishing cer-
tain rooms, including all incidental and contingent
expenses, agreeably to the plans and estimates
reported by the President to the two Houses of
Congress, on the 9th of April, 1856.
Mr. PEARCE. I shall not trouble the Senate
with any remarks, unless some member desires
an explanation, which I shall be ready to make.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, read the third time, and passed.
COLONEL JOHN HARDIN.
Mr. BRODHEAD. I now move that the Sen-
ate proceed to the consideration of the Private
Calendar.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. Mr. President, there is
a little hill which I shall be very much gratified to
have taken up at this moment, as I am under the
necessity of being absent for a few days from the
Senate. It is a bill which has passed the other
House, and been referred to a committee of this
body, who have reported upon it. It is a bill
(H. R. No. 272) for the relief of the heirs of the
late Colonel John Hardin. I ask the permission
of the Senate to take up that bill. It is the only
private bill, I believe, in which I have anyinterest.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. WELLER. Is not that a bill which the
Committee on Military Affairs reported against?
Mr. CRITTENDEN. Yes, sir. _ *
Mr. WELLER. The question is on con-
curring in the report of the committee, which is
adverse.
Mr. HUNTER. The question is on the bill;
the report is a mere opinion of the committee.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The bill will
be read.
The Secretary read the bill, which proposes to
direct the Secretary of the Treasury to pay to the
heirs of Colonel John Hard in, deceased. $1,879 06,
that sum being the amount of the balance due
them under the agreement between General Wil-
kinson and Colonel Hardin, and to be in full sat-
isfaction of all claims on their part against the
Government of the United States.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The bill was
reported from the Committee on Military Affairs,
with an adverse report, and the question will be
on concurring in the repoit of the committee. j
Mr. BENJAMIN. Is there a printed report?
Mr. WELLER. Mo, sir.
Mr. MASON. Let us hear the reasons against
the bill.
Mr. WELLER. 1 might be able to assign
some reasons why the bill should not pass, but
I am waiting for the Senator from Kentucky. It
was referred to the Committee on Military Af-
fairs; and after having it for some weeks under
consideration, we were compelled to report against
it, although the Senator from Kentucky was anx-
ious for the passage of the bill.
Mr. HUNTER. As a mere question of order,
my opinion is, that when a hill is reported hack
by a committee adversely, it must go through
its regular readings. We do not take the vote
on the opinion of the committee, but on the bill.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The question
can he taken either way.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. Let it be on the bill.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The question
will be taken on the bill, if the Senate wishes
that course to be pursued. The bill is before the
Senate as in Committee of the Whole.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. I beg leave to explain
to the Senate this case, without a word of argu-
ment, and submit it to their decision. I shall,
perhaps, as briefly as otherwise, present the case
by reading the report which was made in the
other House upon the subject of this claim:
The committee have examined the report made on the
same ease at the Jast session of Conyres" by Mr. Faulkner,
from the Committee on Milita? \ Affuits. and deem the «jime
so full and conclusive, a< tn the m >asun? of relief which
should be allowed to said hen-, th.it tsiey herewith annex
the same a* a pait of their repoit. ami lecommend to the
House the parage of the accompany mg bill m lieu of the
one refened tn them.
" The histoiv of a man so noted as wa> Colonel John
Hardin is so well known to the people of this country, to
winch he extended to much of Ins devotion as to sacuilce
his life in its seivice, os to preclude the necessity of the
committee gouts into any minute detail of his caieer and
i^ervices. Previous to the expedition in which he was
killed, he was an ensign in a militia company m the mem- j,
orable expedition, m the year 1774. of Governor Dunmore, |j
of Virginia, against the Indian* : he was afterwards one of u
a company commanded by Captain Zach Morgan, during j[
an engagement of which with the Indians he was wounded |;
in the groin h: a bail, wiitm was never extracted to the ,
day of his death. StiU siiffe.mig fiom the effect^ of that .j
■wound, he \va- with Governor Dunmore on Ins march to !<
: the Indian town-,. He next joined the regular At my, with jj
i the commandm'asecond lieutenant: lie was then attached >;
■ to MorganV tine eoips, and was principally on the lines, i.
| until he i.'-i'/ucd ;i riir-t lieutenant's commission, in 1779. .j
occupying a!*^ .'.vs. during h)< ki-t seiviee. a high place in
! the icgaid or General Daniel Morgan. After performing lj
j many gallontdeodsin these and other positions, which deeds h
illustrate the pages of American history, he left the Army ji
■ and went to Kentucky during the next year, 1780, located ;|
some land warrant-, ami afteiwaids returned to his old ij
home ui Vnguiia, and removed his family to Kentucky m lj
17sti. He was aiterwards quaitermaster in the Wabash ij
expedition under Genetal Ckuk. In 1769 the numerous
depredations committed by the Indians in that locality
induced him tocross th* Ohio with a strong; bani of militia,
which had a warm engagement with a band of Shawnee
Indians, who were defeated, which caused the bUppresnou
of depredation* in that vicinity after that tune, tn tact, he
wa< in every Indian expedition which was formed after hi®
arrival in Kentucky, except that of General St. Clair,
which he was prevented from joining on account of Uiff
having accidentally wounded himself.
"In 1'92, the hostile In'dtans northwest of the Ohio he-
came so troublesome, and committed so many outrages, thai
it was the policy of the Government to make peace with
them, if possible. In order to do this, it was necessary to
find a man of more than ordinary courage, firmness, and
sagacity, to be the bearer of the white flag, or, in other
words, the messenger to invite Ihem to peace. Colonel John
Hardin was selected by General Wilkinson, then the com-
mander at Fort Wellington, for the reason, as the General
says himself, in his letter, * T u-ish you to undertake the foisi-
ness, because you are I eller qualified for it titan am/ man of
my acquaintanceNotwithstanding the expedition was
looked upon as almost certainly fatal to the undertaker, it
was not in Colonel Flaidin to evade the performance of %
mission tho suece*sof which would be of such incalculable
advantage to his country. The last letters received from
Colonel Hardin, previous to his oeath, show that he him-
self had little hopes ot returning to the bosom of his family,
tn the very la^-t letter that he wrote, he says: i But oh ' my
dear love, as I write anil meditate on myself, to think I have
left a peaceful, safe, ■plentiful, and so dear a ftimily, and
thrown my life into the hands of a cruel and savage enemy, I
cannot prevent the tears, flowing of my eyes at present.' lie
had, indeed, thrown his life into the* hands of a cruel and
savage enemy; for, savs Marshall's History of Kentucky,
' towards the close of the year, what hail been apprehended
with great anxiety—the death of Colonel John Hardin, who
had been sent with overtuics ot peace to the Indians—was
reduced to a eeitamty The particular manner of that
death has not been ascertained with any certainty of detail.
What has been learned is, that Colonel Hardin, attended by
his interpreter, on his route toward the Miami villages,^ar-
rived at an Indian camp, about a day's journey from where
Fort Dcfiance wa* alteiwards built by General Wayne,and
nearly the same di-tance from a town inhabited by Shaw-
nees and Delaware.-; that he was well received by the
Indians m camp, but had not been long there before five
Delawaies came m from the town; upon learning which,
the Colonel propo&ud to them to go with luni the samd
evening to the place. Thev, however, relumed to go back
that day, but seemed peaceably disposed, and he concluded
to camp with the Indians the "ensuing inght, tflueh he did
without molestation. In the morning, however, without
provocation or particular reason, a parcel of them shot him
to death. They seized iiis horse, gim, and saddle bag*, ex-
pecting, no doubt, in addition to the two former, that they
would find money and presents in the latter. His com-
panion they made a prisoner, and, taking him with them
on the road" toward* Sandusky, murdered him by the way.'
Thus terminated the carecr of thi-  remarkable man.
" His heirs now come before Oougiess claiming tne sum
of $200 per annum, fiom the date of his death, in 1792, to
that of his widow, m the year 1629.
" This claim is founded"upon a promise made hy General
Wilkinson to Colonel John Hardin, the mfoimation of
which promise is conveyed to his wife in the letter before
alluded to, written .just previous to his departure on the mis-
sion which ended in his death. In that letter lie says:
4 Should I fall a sacrifice in thisimportantattempt,the Gen-
eral has promised me to be your steady trtend, and that
your yearly supply trom Government shall not be less than
.$-200 during vour natural life.' The original of this letter, as
well as others written by Colonel Hardin, were exhibited
in the committee loom by the Hon. Richard fi. Stanton, of
Kentucky, and copies thereof are filed with the papers.
" The high character ol Colonel John Hardin as a man of
honor, whose word vv*s hi.-* bond, precludes the suspicion
that he would Inve thus written to his wife, if General Wil-
kinson had not made him such a promise, and satisfi's the
committee that the ptonnse was made, and that ihe Gov-
ernment wa< obligated to pay hi* wife the amount stipu-
lated during her natural li e.
"indeed," the previous legislation of Congress would
seem to indicate a di-po;ition upon the pan of the Gov-
ernment to recognize -ueli an obligation as that made
known in the letter ot Colonel Hatdin, although they may
not then have been apprised of the precise extent of that
obligation, {as the Idtci icrerred to was not known to his
childien until within the la*t twelve years;) tor. on the
27th of Fcbiuarv, I'M, an act of Congress was approved,
giving tolas widow and orphan children the sum of 6450
per annum for seven years. This action of Congress, less
than a \ear after the confirmation of his death, when the
facts of the case nm.-t have been fresh in the public mind,
proves conclusively that the Government at that tune fully
appreciated the dutj it owed to the widow and children of
Colonel Hardin. As:am, in the year ISOO, when the pro-
vision made for then) underthe previous act had ceased—
in fact, but one month alter the annuity provided tor had
been stopped under the limitations of the act—Congress
again acknowledged the obligation due by the Government
to the heirs of Colonel Hardin, by passm  a law giving to
each of his sons and daughters the sum of $100 per annum
until they shall have respectively attained the age of twenty-
one \ears; the last pajnient under tins act having been
made on the 23d of March, 1812, up to which time the
widow and children had received, in the aggregate, the sura
of $5,520 94.
" The committee is not of the opinion that the obligation
of the Government to the widow and children of Colonel
Hardin vwis exhausted hy tne provisions of the two acts men-
tioned. General Wilkinson promised Colonel Haulm that,
in the event of his fall, his widow should icceive not less
than £200 p^r annum during her natural Itle. Has tins been
done? Clear]vnot; for Ihe>um of$200 {per annum] from
the date of his death to the end of her life would have
amounted to $7,300; wliiKt th<- amount paid to the widow
and children, in all,only amount-- to the sum of $5,520 94.
The Government, at the time ot the passage of those acts,
was poor; it could nut fully satisfy all of its obligations} **
showed its high degree of estimation for the services of
Colonel Hardin by doing what it did for the widow and
