1856.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1661
same condition as the other one. The Senator
from Michigan who reported it is not in his seat.
Mr. PEAllCE. I hope the bill will not he
passed over. When it camc up on Friday last,
the Senator from Michigan had it passed over on
account of my absence. I am here now, and I
think a simple explanation is all that is neces-
sary. %
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The bill is
before the Senate as in Committee of the Whole.
Mr. CASS. It has no relation to the other
bill?
Mr. PEAPv.CE. Not at all.
Mr. CASS. That relates to a constituent of
our own.
Mr. PEARCE. This relates to a constituent
of mine.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Does the Sen-
ator from Louisiana submit a motion to post-
pone ?
Mr. BENJAMIN. No, sir.
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole,
proceeded to consider tiie bill, which proposes to
extend, for seven years, the patent granted to
Obed Hussey,011 the31stday of December, 1833,
for 44 a new and useful improvement, being a ma-
chine for leaping end cutting all kinds of small
grain and grasses."
Mr. PEARCE. I understand that when I was
not present on a former private bill day this bill
was passed, «nd then reconsidered.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. That is the
fact. ;
Mr. PEARCE. It is therefore up now as if it!
were originally before us. The bill proposes a
renewal ot'Air. Hussey's patent for seven years.
I lecolleot rather more than twenty year* ago?>
when I was first a member of the other House ot
Congress, to have met this old man with his ori-
ginal invention. I saw u in tins city, and I saw
the principle of hjs wheat cuuer. It has been
slightly altered since then; it lias been improved;
but I believe thcie has been no variation of prin-
ciple. The ground upon which he claims, and
upon which i think he may k-nrly claim, to have
a renewal of his patent, is one peculiar to his case.
His patent was about to expire; that is, some
months yet remained unexpired of the time tor
winch he had ootamcd his original patent, when
he came to the Commissioner ot Patents in Wash-
ington, and made application for a renewal. He
was advised by the i hen Commissioner, Air. Ells-
worth, to postpone the application until a shorter
time before the expiration of the patent. He was
not informed that there was any law or any rule
of the Department, or any rule established by the
board of patent referees, requiring a specific time
within which application should be made, and
accordingly he deferred to the advice of the Com-
nusMuiit.i of Patents, and did not, until some ten
or twelve days before the period ot the expiration
of the patent, aaain go to the office and ask for
liis renewal. When he did so, he was met by the
new Commissioner of Patents with a declaration
that he was too late—that the board had estab-
lished a rule by which it was neiessary to make
this application sixty days before the expiration
or the pat' lit. lie found himself, therefore, shut
out, and he was told that hi' had ueUei apply to
Congress, lie did apply to 0migr«. 3 at its next
session. The Committee on Patents reported
favorably on his application. 1 beheve the bill ,
passed the Senate, but failed in the other House.
Pie applied at the next Congress m i&oU, and
there nothing was done. We all know how the
public business which agitated the minds ot
members of Congress then supeiseded private
affairs, and nothing was done. At the last session
he made application, and a repoit was made by
tin - Committee on Patents, attei a u*ry cautious
and ivuvful unesugatiou. I think, ptrhaps, the
Senator from Mamewasthe member of the com-
mittee at that time who made the report—[Air.
Pr^sFA'nr.x. Yes, sir]—and who can correct me
if 1 have made any mistake in my statement. I
forgot whether the bill passed at that session or
not.
Air. FESSENDEN. It passed the Senate.
Air. PEARCE. Now (he committee have again
reported the bilk It is within my knowledge, 1
think L may say, that this inventor, a very meri-
torious man, has made no money as yet by his
patent, and is, if not pooi, at the present time at
feast very far from having accummnlated even a
competency. I think, under the peculiar circum-
stances of the case, if anybody be entitled to a
renewal of a patent at the hands of Congress, it
is this worthy and most successful inventor—not
more successful than worthy, but very worthy
and very successful. I am using his wheat cut-
ter, and prefer it to all others.
Mr. SEWARD. It affords me great pleasure
to say a word in favor of the extension of this
patent, because, while I have had occasion pro-
fessionally to be concerned in the trial of suits
which have involved the merits of different in-
ventions, reapers, and mowing machines, it
has never been my fortune at all to be engaged
or interested in behalf of this patentee, or in
support of his invention, but always to be em-
ployed by those who were maintaining other and
improved instruments, which camc into com-
parison and contrast with this one; and I am able
from this adverse position to bear testimony to I
the conceded originality of Mr. Hussey's inven- |
tion, of elements not interfering with others, j
and having very considerable merit. All that I
can be claimed by others is, that they may have i
suipassed him afterwards in the same pursuits,
on hints common to himself and them, derived !
from unsuccessful inventors who proceeded them. j
1 believe, also, that 1 am able to bear witness ;
that he has been so unfortunate as never to have
realized an adequate reward for his invention. I
do not think it interferes with the progress of
improvements; I think it is but a simple act of
justice to this meritorious man, whose invention
has very considerable merit, that he should be i
allowed to have hss patent extended for seven !
)-ears more under these circumstances, and I do
not know that anybody in the world is opposed
to it.
Air. FESSENDEN. Air. President, I will say
a word on the subject, as I made the report at the
i last Congress in favor of Air. Hussey, in con-
) firmation of wh.it has been stated by the honor-
able Senator from Alaryland. It is conceded by
everybody that Mr. Hussey's invention is an
original and important one. Nobody disputes
the fact that he is entitled to the credit of having
invented a machine of very great practical utility.
Itisareaper not only for reaping groin, but grass;
and the cutter is what is called the smooth-edge
cutter, and in that 1 believe it differs from all
other reapers which have been invented.
Nobody disputes, as I have observed, the
originality of the invention, and its very great
value. It has not only been practically tested,
but it was established at the World's Fair, in
London, on a trial there between him and Mr.
AlcCormick. Two trials, I believe, resulted in
different verdicts; but it was com eded that they
were both very important and very valuable ma-
( chines, and both had conferred great benefits on
! the public, and both were spoken of as entitled
( to great consideration, and as having conferred
| preat credit on the country where they were
! invented.
: Air. Hussey, the committer became perfectly
satisfied, instead of be-msr successful, as Air. Mc-
Conmck had been, was vry nnsuc-o^ful, and
■ thai without his own faub.ia reaping any ade-
1 quate r< ward wha'ever fur mvi ntton: and at
the time when the leport w made, although
: doing better, he had not become a man nf prop-
■ ■ erty. and had not received any consul raU'J
i amount of pay in proportion to what he deserved
to receive. He was a hard-working day-laborer
■ at his business.
■ Not only that, but, instead of being opposed
by the people m his neurhboihood, the people in
■ his section of tlm United States, wiiere Ins ma-
chine has principally been m operation, {/or it
has not extended into the "Weat; MeComuck s
1 machine has taken rveiythmg there,) are very
: much m favor of Mr. Hussey's receiving what
, In- ought to have receded—an adequate remuner-
■i ationT With regard to that matter, 1 do not
■ know of any opposition to him, except such as
I arose from the fact that, unfortunately, his ma-
! chine and McCormick's got in hoie together^and
! the opposition to the one seemed to constitute
! an opposition to both — they were so connected.
' MeCormick's case has been definitively disposed
of bv this body. Tins stands on a very different
foundation. Aly friend from Vermont [Mr. Col-
lamer] took the ground, which was satisfactory
to the majority of the Senate, that where the
question had once been tried by the proper tribu
rial, and the extension had been denied, it should"
not bo tried again here. As the Senator from
Alaryland has stated, there has been no trial
before of this application, and that not by the
default of Mr. Hussey, but through a misunder-
standing of the commissioners, by which "no
notice was given. He had, in fact, his fourteen
years. He made his application for a renewal;
but, under the circumstances which have been
stated, he was prevented from receiving the addi-
tional seven years, which he would -otherwise
have obtained. It is one of the strongest cases
which can possibly appeal to Congress. He has
not received what, by law, ho was entitled to
receive, and that not from his own fault, but from
an exigency which he could not foresee or control.
In my judgment, and in the judgment of the com-
mittee who made the report, and who were unan-
imous upon it, he is entitled, on every consider-
ation, to have his patent extended for the remain-
der of the time provided by the statute.
Mr. BRODHEAD. I wish to inquire of the
Senator from Alaine what is the difference be-
tween this case and McCormick's? Is not Alc-
Cormick's case quite as meritorious as this ?
Air. FESSENDEN. Mr McCormick's might
I have been as meritorious as this; I will not dis-
pute about that. The common judgment, how-
| ever, is, that the real merit of the original inven-
tion belongs to Hussey; but J am not disposed
to go into that question. That certainly is nota
more meritorious case; but the difference between
them may be briefly stated.
AlcCormick applied for a renewal, His case
was tried by the board appointed to settle the
!: question of renewal They gave him a full hear-
in*, and decided against him. In my judgment,
| they did not decide properly, because they de-
1; cided on an issue which I thought they had no
;j right to try; but they decided against him Under
;s these circumstances, the Senate considered that
'! the question having been settled by a judicial
ij tribunal appointed for the purpose, a number of
i yeais since, it should not be renrw< d here. Air.
ij tlussey never had a trial, and that not from his
! own fault. He made his application; bur owing
|! to circumstances, which have been stated by the
|j Senator from Alaryland, he was held not to bein
time to give the adequate notice provided for by
jj the rules of the Patent Office. The question,
I, whether he was entitled to a renewal, never was
I' considered at all. The board decided against
AlcCormick, on the ground that Hussey was the
II true inventor. I held, and now hold, that that
j[ was not the question for them; but the ground
I on which Hussey applied, and on which Mr.
J AlcCormick applied to the board, was, that ihcy
i had not receivrd sufficient remuneration for their
] inventions. That question has never been pie-
i sented in regard to Air. Hussey, and he never
j has had a trial. Owing to these regulations, and
j the view taken of them unde r the circumstances
j stated, he has never yet had seven >ears, or the
! chance to show that he was entitled to a seven
I years" exu nsion, when, in fa^t and in truth, it is
! beyond a'lqufstion that Mr. Hussey is a man
i comparatively poor, while Air. AlcCormick, as
' everybody knows, is a man very rich. That is
the difference between the men and between the
cases.
: Air. JONES, of Tennessee. I do not see any
difference in point of principle between the cases
of AlcCormick and Hussey. The honorable Sen-
' atorfrom Alaine advocated the passage of AlcCor-
mick"s hill, a week ago, quit*. a^> rarmstly as ho
. does this. True, ho does it on somewhat differ-
j ent grounds technically; but I do not perceive
that there is any difference, so far as principle is
concerned.
It is not denied that Air. Hussey had the ben-
efit of his patent for fourteen years. Why did
'he not set an extension? The Senator from
! Alaryland tells us the reason; but then this bill
does not proceed on the ground laid down m
McCormick's bill. We were urged to pass
AlcCornrck's bill because it left the question open
for adjudication by the only tribunal^ appointed
by the law to consider the question. Tins bw &
■ not so fair as that. This hill makes an absolute
extension by act of Congress. It does not re
" Mr. Hussey to the board appointed
, determine whether he should Jiave an ex <- j
i, or not; but we undertake here, in our e„
