62
the congressional globe.
December 20,
a majority of the House in opposition to the elec-
tion of Mr. Banks as Speaker. I say, then, is
there any' way by which this majority may be
brought to unite ?
The record shows that there are some'forty-
odd members, not belonging to the Democratic
party, who refuse to vote for Mr. Banks. No'w
I ask them, North Etnd South, if it is not in ac-
cordance with the usages of party everywhere
in the country that they should go with the
majority, and not with the'minority ?
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio. Did I Understand
the honorable gentleman from Virginia to say that
I had taken pledges, if I were elected Speaker, that
■ I would organize the committees bf the House
against the South.
Mr. McMULLIN. No, sir; certainly not. I
have brought no charges against the course of
the honorable gentleman from Ohio; and let me
tell him, and the House, that I approve, I in-
dorse, his manly, open, and frank bearing during
this whole contest. I would like to be able to
say as much for- [Here Mr. McM. stopped
short, and a suspense followed, accompanied by
shouts bf laughter, and cries of " Call the roll!'']
No, Mr. Clerk, you need' not call the roll quite
yet. I was going on, when interrupted by the
gentleman from Ohio, to propound an interroga-
tory to the gentlemen of this House. I say, I
ask the national men in(this House belonging to
the American party—I ask the Puller men—I
ask the gentleman from Alabama, [Mr. Walker]
—I address myself especially to the southern
Know Nothings—for I admit that the southern
Know Nothing party upon this floor is more
national than the northern Know Nothing party,
and certainly much more natiorial than the Black
Republican party—I appeal to these gentlemen
to know if they have the right to expect that the
plurality of seventy-four men, voting for Mr.
Richardson, shall come over to the minority of
forty men who have voted for Mr. Fuller ?
Mr. COX. I will answer the gentleman when
he has finished his remarks.
Mr. McMULLIN. I shall be very happy to
hear the gentleman's answer, and I will give way
for that purpose now, if he prefers it. I was
goingj on to say that it would be magnanimous-
ay, sir, it would be magnanimous and liberal for
the minority of those who are acting in concert
with us upon a common principle—who are, in
common with us, battling against the common
enemy of the institutions of the South, and of
the institutions of the country—the Abolition-
ists—I say it would be magnanimous in them to
come over and join us of the majority. I ask
those gentlemen to reflect, and see whether it
would not be generous and liberal on their part,
as well as just and right, that they should come
over and join us 111 the organization of the House ?
Lo.t them vote for Mr. Richardson, or some
other national man of the Democratic party, by
which the House may be organizedupon anational
platform. They certainly cannot ask us to come
over to them. Notwithstanding the condition
of the country, it would be contemptible for us,
who are so largely in the majority, to come over
to the minority. But, sir, the condition of the
House, the condition of the country, demands
that something should be done.
When I submitted my proposition the other
day, 1 did it m good faith; and, if a proper time
should occur, I shall again submit it in a some-
what modified form. My object then was, and my
object now is, to place the House in a condition
where it can" proceed with the business of the
country; for, M*r. Clerk, disguise it as you may,
the question of slavery, the question of the con-
stitutional rights of the South, is at the foundation
of all our dissensions and divisions in effecting
this organization. Sir, let me tell this House
again, that, dearly as 1 love the Union—and I
prijfc it above all earthly objects—whenever the
laws of this Government shall cease to protect
me in my person and my property—ay, sir,
whenever we shall have arrived at that point
when one man residing in the South shall cease
to be, in the eyes of the law, equal to another
man residing in the North, I am ready for dis-
union, and it will come. I beg gentlemen who
are opposed to the majority to reflect, and to con-
tinue to reflect. This question of North and
South is involved.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. Will the gen-
tleman from Virginia permit me to ask him a
question ?
Mr. McMULLIN. Certainly.
Mr. WASHBURN. X'would aslc him whether
he would, under any circumstances, be willing
to let the Union slide ?
Mr. McMULLIN. Yes; but not to let it slide
into the hands of the Abolitioiiists. [Laughter
and applause.] I consider the question an im-
pertinent one,' and not of the character of those
which ought to comefrom one member to another.
Mr. ZOLLICOFFER. Does the gentleman
j 'ask for the reason"why the minority with which
I act eannotgo over to the-majority with which
he acts? Is that the gentleman's question?
Mr. McMULLIN. Yes, sir; I "wished to un-
derstand why they did not come over to'us.
Mr. ZOLLICOFFER. I will say to the gen-
tleman from Virginia, for whose patriotism I
have much respect, that, in view uf the events
which have transpired within the last few days,
it does become s'Ome of the gentlemen with whom
I have been acting'to give an answer to the ques-
tion which has been propounded; and, in doing
so, I must be allowed, Mr. Clerk, to recur briefly
to the events which have occurred in this Hall.
We have assembled here under extraordinary
circumstances. Public events within the last
year or two have tended powerfully towards the
organization of great antagonistic, sectional, and
geographical parties. When I came to this Capi-
tol from my home in the South, I saw that there
would be an effort made to organize this House
011 a northern sectional platform—affecting di-
rectly, and possibly, in the end, fatally, institu-
tions of my native State, -which, rather than bo
forced to sacrifice, her sons would promptly im-
peril their lives and everything earthly that is
dear to them. I came here prepared to meet
rational and patriotic men of the North 011 a na-
tional, middle ground—that of the Constitution
and the Union—upon a basis which secures to
all men, whether in the South or the North, those
rights which our revolutionary fathers determ-
ined should be protected by the Constitution of
the United States.
The gentleman from Illinois [Mr. Richard-
son] was nominated by my colleague [Mr.
Jones] as the Democratic candidate. Within
a few days afterwards the organ ol' the Admin-
istration and of the Democratic party announced
to the public that Mr. Greeley,of the New York
Tribune, had declared, and truthfully, that the
Democratic party might unite with the American
party, and elect Mr. Poller, of Pennsylvania,
Speaker of the House; but that the declaration
was very safely made, for the thing was impos-
sible ; for the reason that the Democratic party
had planted themselves upon a platform which
they never would abandon for the#purpose of
compromising with any party. • Here is the lan-
guage of the Washington Union:
" When Mr. Greeley declared 011 Brulay tliat, ' if ttie
Democrats and the southern Know Nothings choose to
elect Fot.lkr to-inonow. they can,1 lie upoke the truth;
but lie ran no risk 111 the statement; lie knew that Liim-
akd^'jn was 'the Demociatic candidate,' and he knew,
too, that at the beginning nt' a great presidential canvass
the lA'iiKK'ials umleistood the importance of organization
too well to abandon their nominee 011 any tenns. Tins
tact will not be forgotten by the people ; it wan true that
the Democrats could have elected' Fuller, but such a
result was never for a moment contemplated by anyone
of them."
Now, Mr. Clerk, Mr, Fuller is a national
man from the North, who, in this critical junc-
ture , unites with national men in the South against
further agitation for disturbing the existing laws
connected with slavery. I, and others who sup-
port Mr. Puller, are national men, from the
South and the North, equally opposed to every-
thing which may tend to foment further agitation
between the people of the North and the South
upon sectional questions. Now what was that
platform which could not be abandoned ? The
resolution adopted by the caucus which nominated
Mr. Richardson attributed to gentlemen with
whom I act a disposition to deprive a portion of
the American people of their " civil and religious
liberty," This resolution or platform was in
these words:
" Resoleed, That the Democratic members of the House
01 Representatives, though in a temporary minority m tliis
body, tloclil this a fit occasion to tender to their fell'ow-clti-
zens of the whole Union their heartfelt congratulations on
the triumph, in the recent elecuons m seveial of the north-
ern, eastern, and western, as welt as southern States, of the
principles of'the Kansas-Nebraska bill, and the doctrines
of civil and religious liberty which have been so violently
assailed by a secret political order, known as the Know
Nothing party; and though in a minority, we hold it to be
■ our highest duty to pieserve our organization and continue
our efforts m the maintenance and defense of those princi-
ples, and the constitutional rights of every section and every
class pf citizens against their opponents of every description,
whether the so-called Republicans, Know Nothings, or
Fusionists; and to' this end, we look with confidence to the
support and approbation of all good and true men—friends
of the Constitution and the Union throughout the country."
The imputation here embraced had been some-
times made against'us upon the hustings. We
repelled it there, and everywhere when made.
While it may be deemed legitimate for gentlemen,
in a heated canvass, to make such an imputation,
if thought promotive of success in the conflict,
and while I did not, and do not now, complain
of it; yet here, sir, in this dSliberative body,
when gentlemen who profess to stand with me m
the maintenance of the Union and the Constitu-
tion—of the rights of the people North and South,
deliberately undertake to stigmatize me in their
party platform with occupying a position of an-
tagonism to the civil and religious liberty of the
people, they erect a barrier between us which it
is difficult to pass. What followed next ? When
a gentleman with whom-I lAve had the honor to
act, [Mr. Walker, of Alabama,] looking to the
probability of a majority of members standing
upon a middle ground—one conservative of the
Union, the Constitution, and the rights of all our
people—did suggest that he thought it time for
national men to have a conference, what was the
response ? When Mr. Walker said,
" I am anxious to see this House organized. I am
anxious that this House shall not pass under the control
of tile Republican party. I shall feel it my duty to use
every possible effort to prevent such a consummation as
that. And for the purpose of indicating, here and else-
where,' my own readiness to act with all men who are
leally conservative—to act with men who are opposed to
further disturbance 011 this exciting subject of slavery—to
act with men who still acknowledge their obligations to the
Federal Constitution—to act with men who ate prepared
to abide by the existing laws on the subject of slavery; I
say here—and, if I am not mistaken, I think that in this I
am speaking for almost the whole of the men with whom I
have thus far acted—I am willing to go fnto a conference
with all men who are prepared to stand on that basis, to
confer together, and see if they cannot devise some plan by
which there may be a safe, healthful, and conservative
organization of this House"—
what was the answer given by the author of
the Democratic platform, [Mr. Jones, of Penn-
sylvania,] apparently the leader of the Demo-
cratic party m this House? He spurned it. He
stated that the Democratic party could compro-
mise with no persons unless they came upon the
Democratic platform. He said:
" The Democratic party will meet in no caucus, except
in a caucus called by that paity itself, and on'its well-
settled principles. That is the only political caucus that
we will attend. [Cries of <Good, good!' and laughter.]"
Now, Mr. Clerk, is it not manifest to every
gentleman upon this floor, that as an honorable
man, as a man who has respect for the trust re-
posed in him by his constituents, I cannot go
over to the Democratic nominee, though a
national man, while I am thus repelled and
unjustly stigmatized—I will not say falsely stig-
matized, for it is not my habit to use expres-
sions that may be regarded as discourteous—but
unjustly I say, for I repel the imputation, that
we would deprive any portion of the American
people of their civil and. religious liberties.
A Voice. Did not Mr. Marshall, one of
your party, repel this suggestion ?
Mr. ZOLLICOFFER. It is true that the gen-
tleman from Kentucky [Mr. Humphrey Mar-
shall] did say that he had no disposition to
confer with such gentlemen as had stigmatized
him; but if was subsequent to the employment
of the language I have quoted from the gentleman
from Pennsylvania [Mr. Jones;] and, besides,
my Democratic colleague [Mr. Smith] had, on
Monday, used similar language to that employed
by Mr. Jones and the Washington Union—say-
ing, in behalf of the Administration Democ-
racy—" We receive no propositions, and we
make none, on this side of the House." Now,
sir, while it is confessed that they could elect Mr.
Puller, a national, Constitution-abiding man, if
they would, we are not, under such circum-
stances, able, to elect Mr. Richardson if we
would. Let the country bear this in mind.
And now let us examine that other powerful
organization in this House, the success of which
is daily threatening us with a northern sectional
