1662
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 18,
capacity, to legislate him into a patent for an ad-
ditional term of seven years. I want to know if
the Senate is prepared for that. Are we to come
here and consider all the merits of the question,
and all the details connected with it? How do
we know them ? I do not know anything about
the case, except what I find stated here; but yet
we are called upon to vote for a law declaring
that Mr. Hussey shall be entitled to an extension
for seven years. If he has been unfairly dealt
with, if any injustice has been done him, let us
treat Mr. Hussey just as we treat every other
patentee in the world—send him to the board ap-
pointed by law to examine all the facts and all
the testimony, to determine whether he is enti-
tled to an extension or not. But we are to abro-
gate that law, and to take upon ourselves the pre-
rogative of saying that he shall have his patent
extended. If the Senate is to resolve itself into
a commission to investigate the claims of paten-
tees, we might as well give up all other legislative
business; for if we were to sit here all the year
round we could not decide the various applica-
tions arid the various questions arising under the
patent laws of the country. It seems to me that
this is mostextraordinary legislation. You refuse
to give McCormick Ins extension because he had
a trial. Here is a man that you say had no trial,
and you give him his extension because he has
had no trial. If he is entitled to anything, he is
entitled simply 
Mr. PEARCE. The Senator will allow me
to suggest that he can try the Senate with an
amendment of the nature which he has suggested,
and perhaps he will have no difficulty.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. That is not my
business, I am against the bill in any shape in
which it may come up. If my friend from Ma-
ryland wishes to modify his bill, and put it in
better shape, let him do so.
Mr. PEARCE. It is not my bill.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I perceive that
is remarked tin being reported by Mr. Stuart,
from the Committee on Patents. I am against
it on principle. There are throe applications
here now, for the extension of patents for
reaping machines, so that the patentees may
plunder the agricultural interest of the country.
1 am tired of that. Representing an agricultural
interest, I am tired of seeing these men getting
life estates. Fourteen yeais is long enough.
When McCornuck's bill was here, it was said
McCormick had not made much money; but the
Senator from Maine, to-day, says that he has
made some money. He professed to be exceed-
ingly poor, and made proof before the board that
had not made a reasonable amount. Now we
are told that Hussey has made nothing, and
therefore we must renew his patent; and the
Senator from New York thinks it a very merito-
rious case; but 1 think he put an estoppel to all
his argument by admitting that he was counsel.
Mr. S15 WARD. I was never counsel fur him.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. You were coun-
sel for McCormick?
Mr. SEWARD. Yes, sir.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. He was counsel
for McCormick, and against Hussey. Now
that McCornuck's case is disposed of, he turns
round for Hussey. Plow could he take ground
against Hussey, and for McCormick, if he
thought liu&sey was entitled to it?
Mr. SEWARD. There is no conflict between
the in.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I think there has
been a conflict going on between all these men,
between Moore & Hascail, tlussey, and Mc-
Cormick. McCormick maintains, I believe, that
he lis the only man in the United States entitled
to a patent for these machines, and that he is the
original inventor. If the Senator will look to the
report, he will see that that was one of the ques-
tions considered by the boaid—whether McCor-
mick or Hussey was the inventor. They de-
cided that Hussey was.
Mr. SEWARD- The honorable Senator will
ailow me to explain. Hussey was first; and Mr.
Hussey complained that McCormick, who was
after him, had adopted his invention; that it was
Hussey's; and that MeCoimick, under no pre-
text whatever, could claim what Hussey had
done; that is, to claim Mr. Hussey's improve-
ment. All the questions there ever was between
these two machines was which of them was the
more practical and useful and beneficial ? But
the two are independent machines, and in no
conflict whatever with each other.
One word more, in relation to my own posi-
tion. I do not know Mr. Hussey, that 1 remem-
ber. Nobody ever spoke a word to me on the
subject. I saw this bill here. I knew that he had
conceived and carried out a very great and useful
improvement; and that, up to a year or eighteen
months past, he had never succeeded in having
it introduced, so as to get a reward. I knowthat,
within the last year or eighteen months, it has
developed its utility, and been acknowledged;
and that it is the first, the pioneer of all the other
improvements which have substituted mechan-
ical labor in reaping for the human hand; and it
seems to me to be a fair case for an acknowledg-
ment, on the part of the country, to this inventor.
If I had any interest, or prejudice, it has always
been adverse to this person. I thank the honor-
able Senator from Tennessee for his kindness.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. The Senator from
New York says that Mr. Hussey has made a
valuable invention—I am not disputing that—
and that he has realized no substantial benefit
from it. Upon what ground, then, I inquire,
did he receive his patent in 1833? He received
a patent in 1833 for an assumed invention, and
he enjoyed the exclusive benefit of that inven-
tion for fourteen years. Now, if in fourteen
years a man receiving a patent for a thing as-
sumed to be perfected—so much so as to author-
ize the Government to give him a patent for it,
securing him in the individual enjoyment of it
for fourteen years—cannot be remunerated, I ask
how long is it to be expected, or required, that a
man shall enjoy these exclusive benefits before he
gets rich enough to quit? When a man has
made an invention, perfect enough to justify the
issuing of a patent, is not fourteen years suffi-
cient to enable him to get remunerated for it? It
seems to me so.
I desire to propound another question, because
I am in search of information on this point.
Does not Mr. Hussey's patent—I have never
seen it—embrace those general principles em-
braced in McCormick's, and Moore & HascalPs,
and other inventors, whose patents have ail ex-
pired by limitation, and have not been renewed,
and the benefits of which the country is now
enjoying under that freedom guarantied by the
law? If you extend Hussey's patent, does it
not embrace those general principles of reaping
machines which would enable him to exert a
control overall other machines in the country?
That is a matter of which I know nothing, be-
cause I never saw the patent. It depends on the
patent. If the patent embraces the principles
contained in the patent of McCormick, and you
reinstate him in the enjoyment of them for seven
years, he has control over all these machines.
Mr. FE.SSENDEN. I can inform the gentle-
man that Mr. Hussey stated on oath, m his ex-
amination in the ca.se of McCormick, that there
was no necessary contest between him and
McCormick—that the machines were distinct
ones. McCormick told me the same thing over and
over again, that there is no contest between them.
Mr. SEWARD. I wish to say one word by
way of explanation to my honorable friend from
Tennessee. It would seem to me that, if the
patent was granted in the year 1833, by the ex-
piration of fourteen years, the patentee ought to
obtain sufficient remuneuition; but that is not
always the case, and I think it very often hap-
pens that the patentee does not receive any suffi-
cient remuneration during the term of fourteen
years, especially in these improvements of agri-
cultural implements. The prejudices of the
country are very strong against book-farming,
against theoretical farming, against mechanical
improvements as a substitute for human labor;
and it is a long time before an improvement of
this kind is brought into public use.
f remember the case of the cast-iron plow.
It has now superseded the wrought-iron plow
the world over. Two patents were granted, one
to Mr. Newbold, and the other to Mr. Jethro
Wood, of the State of New York, for the inven-
tion of the cast-iron plow. Each one made a
plow of so much cast-iron. Jethro Wood was
obliged to sell the wrought-iron plows, and (in
which the improvement chiefly consisted) furnish
them with wrought-iron plowshares. People
wou'd pay him for them, and when he wanted to
get them to experiment with his cast-iron plow-
share, he would have to throw one in, ana ask
them to take it. People went home with it in the
expectation that the thing would not last when it
encountered the stones and snags, but would
be broken. Hot metal! and how would it an-
swer for®the plow ! The consequence was, that
Jethro Wood, after fourteen years, got a renewal
of seven years, and still he did not get indemnifi-
cation, and again it expired, and was renewed by
Congress a second time, and carried to twenty*'
eight years, and by that time he succeeded in get-
ting a small support for his family; and his orphan
children have been here from year to year since
trying to get an acknowledgment, while New-
hold's children are here now, and they never got
one. Such is the fact about Hussey s machine.
All these other jnventors, i believe, acknowledge
the merit of Hussey's; and yet, in perfecting the
mechanical arrangements of the machine, which
is very complex, and prevailing on the public to
adopt it, he has spent the fourteen years; and it
is now just in a condition to remunerate him.
But I beg leave to repeat again that I am speak-
ing entirely as a volunteer; and from respect to
this useful and worthy man, who has added to
the fame of our country, and has obtained a rec-
ognition for the inventive talent of the country at
I the great world's fairs m London and in Paris, I
' feel that it would be very unwise and unjust not
to allow this recognition; and I do not think there
is a man in the world, outside of the Senate
Chamber, who would thank us if we should re-
fuse to allow it.
Mr. FESSENDEN. My friend from New
York might have stated another point of impor-
tance in this matter. There are but a very few
weeks in the year when you can use these reaping
machines, 'there are only five or six weeks in
the year when you can make experiments with
them. They are not like ordinary machines for
other purposes. They can only be used in the
reaping and mowing season. Twelve years with
these machines is only equal to one in point of
fact with others. Mr. Hussey obtained his pat-
ent for this reaper, and was engaged, as Mr.
McCormick was, for a large portion of the four-
teen years in bringing his machine to perfection,
and doing away with its defects and difficulties.
Having only that period of years in which to
try his experiment and perfect it, in reality the
time granted must have been exceedingly small.
Mr. PEARCE. There are a number of Sen-
ators who think this is not the proper tribunal
for the investigation of the facts neccssary to be
inquired into in a case like this. I admit the
force of the objection. The Senator from Ten-
nessee made the objection, and I thought he
would be prepared to obviate it an- amend-
ment; but as he has not done so, I have prepared
an amendment, which will refer the settlement of
this matter to the Commissioner of Patents, and
authorize him, on a full consideration of all the
facts, to renew the patent if he thinks it ought
to be renewed. I move to strike out all after the
enacting clausc of the bill, and insert this amend-
ment, which I hope will obviate all objections:
" That the Commissioner of Patents be. and lie is heteby,
authouzed and empowered to receive the application of
Obed llu-s&ey, a citizen of the United States, tor a rehear-
ing of Ins application for a renewal of his letters patent for
new and useful improvements m the machine for reaping
ail kinds of smalt gram, dated December 31, 1833; and
the said Commissioner of Patents is hereby authorized, di-
rected, and required, upon such application being made to
him as aforesaid, if made within thiee months fiom the
passage of tins act. to cause public nonce to be given of the
lime and place of hearing arid considering the same, and to
grant or refti>e a renewal and extension of the ^aid letters
patent for the term of seven years from the date of said ex-
tension, m the same manner and upon the same pnnciples
as they might have been extended tor the term of seven
years on said former application * Provided, however, That
all persons now enjoying the lawful use of any machines or
or improvements protected by the said letteis" patent of the
said Obed Ilut-sjey, and the pui chafers of any such machines
or impiovements so m u«e or lawfully constructed, if and
when said Commissioner shall renew said patents as afore-
said, may continue to use tbe same, notwithstanding the
pioviMons of this act: Jlnd provided, aho, That if, upon
such renewal and extension of said patent as aforesaid, it
shall be found to be too broad in its claims, the same may to
that extent be disclaimed, by entering a disclaimer m the
u*ua! (<>nn at the Patent Office, on payment of the usual
fees therefor."
Mr. HUNTER. Mr. President, I thought on
last Friday the Senate decided in McCormick's
case that it would not renew a patent; that it
