5£
appendix to the congressional globe.
[January 17,
34th C<wg....1st Sess. Causes which prevent the Organization of the House—31r. Carlile.
Ho. of Reps.
during that time. [Loud cries of "Go on; he
has half an hour!"]
Mr. CARLILE. The fearful condition m
which the country would be placed, that was
predicted pending the passage of the compro-
mise measures of 1850, if sectional organizations
were formed, and which created a necessity for
their passage, and a consequent necessity that
they should be considered a final adjustment of
all the agitation growing out of the question of
slavery, is noW upon us, caused by a refusal to
abide by and maintain them as a final settlement.
The "inducement" for the sectional organiza-
tion now in this House was caused by this Ad-
ministration in forcing through the last Congress
the Kansas-Nebraska bill, and by those who now
make it the test of Democracy. Sir, what a vast
difference between the so-called Democracy of
the present day and the proud Democratic Re-
publican party of former times! Is it a strict
construction of the powers of the Federal Gov-
ernment, as defined in the Constitution, that con-
stitutes the Democracy of to-day? No, sir—no,
sir; but it is an approval of this Kansas and
Nebraska bill that has furnished food to heart-
less agitators, wild fanatics, and senseless Abo-
litionists to war upon the South, and, conse-
quently, upon the Constitution of our common
country, to the prejudice of that country's peace,
and, it may be, to the dismemberment of this glo-
rious Unipn of States. Yes, sir, approval of the
principles of the Kansas and Nebraska bill—a
Bill that has given birth to a purely sectional
organization of agitators and disturbers of their
country's peace—this bill, which stands in the
way and prevents an organization of this House,
and. which may cause a dissolution of this Union,
is the test of the Democracy of the present day.
The Democratic members of this House, on the
Saturday preceding the day fixed for the meet-
ing of Congress, met in this Hall in caucus, and
adopted a resolution, planting themselves, not
upon the time-honored principles of the Demo-
cratic party, but upon the principles of the Kan-
sas-Nebraska bill. Now, sir, what are the prin-
ciples of the Kansas-Nebraska bill? and let us
try them by what has always heretofore been
understood to be Democratic principles, and tell
me if they can stand the trial ?
Mr. COBB, of Georgia, (interrupting.) Will
the gentleman from Virginia allow me to ask him
a question, in order that I may see if I under-
stand him correctly?
Mr. CARLILE. I will hear the question.
Mr. COBB. I desire to know of him if we are
to understand by this review of the Nebraska bill,
that he considers the passage of that bill as a vio-
lation of the plighted faith of the two political
parties of this country; and if the friends of the
Nebraska bill, in his judgment, acted in bad faith
to the cowntry in passing it ?
Mr. CARLILE. Mr. Clerk, I will, in the course
of my remarks, I think, satisfactorily answer the
question which the distinguished gentleman from
Georgia has propounded to me. Sir, what are
the principles of the Nebraska bill, as they have
been explained upon this floor by those who have
given their opinions as to what that bill meant ?
One of the first principles asserted in the Nebraska
bill is that which the people of my own State—
the people of Virginia—ever true to the Consti-
tution and the Union—have from time immemo- I
rial repudiated—the principle of " squatter sov-
ereignty ." Sir, no party on earth has ever been
more deeply committed, by resolve after resolve,
in party conventions, in legislative assemblies, and
every where where the question could be brought
into view, against this principle of " squatter sov-
ereignty, "than the Democratic party of Virginia.
What was the action of the Legislature of Vir-
ginia upon that subject for three consecutive ses-
sions ? Allow me to csjl the attention of the
House for one moment to one of the resolutions
adopted by the General Assembly of Virginia,
January 20, 1849. Here is the principle that the
Virginia Democracy—ay, the Virginia people,
without distinction of party, have ever maintained
upon this subject:
" resolved unanimously by the General -Assembly of
Virginia, That the Government of the United States has
no control, (Ureetly or indirectly, mediately, or immediately,
over the inmltutfon of slavery, io as to impair the rights of
the slaveholder, and that, in taking any such control, it
transcends the limits of its legitimate functions by destroy-
ing the internal organization of the sovereignties who cre-
ated it."
Now, sir, what is the principle of "squatter
sovereignty," incorporated and asserted in the
> Nebraska bill, as explained upon this floor by
Mr. Richardson, the chairman of the committee
that reported the bill to this House > It is that
the people of the Territory, or the Territorial
Legislature, has the control over the subject of
slavery. Am I right?
Mr. RICHARDSON. I made no exposition
of the iiill itself.
Mr. OARLILE. The power, then, of the Gov-
ernment?
Mr. RICHARDSON. I will say to the gen-
tleman what the bill states. All the power that
Congress possesses is conferred upon the Terri-
tory, subject only to the Constitution. The ques-
tion, whether there is any power in the Constitu-
tion, is to be settled by judicial decision. I gave
no exposition of the bill.
Mr. McMULLIN. Will my colleague allow
me to ask him a question ?
Mr. CARLILE. I will say to my colleague,
who I know to be my friend, that I desire to be
relieved from these interruptions. I do not think
it is courteous to interrupt a gentleman to whom
the floor has been assigned. When I get through
with my line of remark upon this particular sub-
ject, I will yield the floor for any question my
colleague, or any other member, mav desire to
put to me.
Mr. RICHARDSON. Will the gentleman
permit me to ask him a single question ? j
Mr. CARLILE. Certainly, because I referred
to you.
Mr. RICHARDSON. If you had been a
member of Congress when the Nebraska bill
passed, would you !
Mr. CARLILE.
have voted for it?
committed upon that subject in a letter which I
wrote to the then Representative of my district,
Mr.'Snodgrass, who died before his term expired.
Here is the language employed by the gentleman
from Illinois [Mr. Richardson] on Saturday
last.
Mr. FAULKNER? I ask my colleague to say
if he would have votedfor the Nebraska bill if he
had been a member of Congress when it passed?
I did not understand, from his reply to the gentle-
man from Illinois, whether he would have done
so or not.
Mr. CARLILE. I will state that before I get
through. I intend to state it. I have no conceal-
ments, as my colleague, I presume, knows. I read
now from the remarks made on Saturday <fcst by
the gentleman from Illinois, [Mr. Richardson;]
" The next question requires a more extended reply. In
1803 we acquired Louisiana; it was slave territory. In
1820 we divided, by line of 36° 30', that territory; north of ;
the line was to be free. In 1845 we annexed Texas; that
was slave territory; we divided that by extending the line
of 36° 30' through that—north, to be free. In 1848 we
acquired territory from Mexico. That was free. I voted
repeatedly to extend the same line west to the Pacific ocean.
I voted for that line with a few Representatives from the
North, and the whole body of southern Representatives.
When I gave those votes, I did not believe then, nor do I
believe now, that I violated the Constitution of the United
States. If you have power, under the-Constitution, to
exclude slavery from half of a territory, I think you have
power to exclude from all, though such an exercise would
be unjust and wrong. I have never, therefore, voted to
exercise that power, except upon the principle of compro-
mise.
" The Constitution does not, in my opinion, carry the
institutions of any of the States into the Territories ; but it
affords the^ame protection there to the institutions of one
State as of another. The citizen of Virginia is a% much
entitled, in the common territory, to the protection of his
property, under the Constitution, as the citizen of Illinois;
but botli are dependent upon the legislation of the territorial
government for laws to protect their property, of whatever
kind it may be. Thus, it will be seen, that though there
may be upon this point a difference theoretically—involv-
ing questions for judicial decision—yet there is none, prac-
tically, among the friends of non-intervention by Congress,
as the practical result is to place the decision of the ques- :
tions in the hands of those who are most deeply interested :
in its solution, namely, the people of the Territory, who
have made it their home, and whose interests are the most
deeply involved in thte character of the institutions under
which they are to live."
Sir, Virginia has ever maintained the position
that to no Territory, to the inhabitants of no Ter-
ritory, tono judicial tribunal, is she bound, by
any allegiance that sh« owe« to the Constitution,
to leave the determination of her constitutional
rights. She has determined them for herself,
and she has resolved, again and again in her Le-
gislature, that Congress has no control over the
subject of slavery, so as to impair the rights of
slaveholders in the Territories. She maintains
that that right is clear and well defined; that it
| admits of no quibbling and no doubt; and that it
j does not allow gentlemen to say, in one section
{ of the country, that the people of the Territory
1 can settle the question, and in another section
I that they cannot. That is the difference between
| the position that Virginia has ever taken upon
1 this subject, and that asserted in the Nebraska
bill.
I Mr. RICHARDSON. A single question. Do
' I understand the gentleman to say that the Terri-
! tory has no power over the subject of slavery?
1 Mr. CARLILE. No, sir; the Territory has
no power, while a Territory, to legislate upon the
subject of slavery, so as to impair the rights of
slaveholders; but when she proposes to cease her
territorial existence, and to frame her constitution,
and make her application to become a member of
this Confederacy, she has a right to determine this
question for herself. When she applies for ad-
mission into the Union, and not until then, can
she in her constitution exclude slavery from her
soil. The Territories are the common property of
all the States. They belong as much to Virginia
as they do to Massachusetts, and Virginia can go
there with her property, and claim the protection
of a common Government over that property, as
1 well as can Massachusetts; and Congress having
no power to interfere with the subject of slavery
j so as to prejudice the rights of the slaveholder,
consequently Congress can confer no power on a
| Territory in its territorial condition, or on its Ter-
I ritorial Legislature, so as to impair the rights of
! the slaveholder. And I very much fear that the
J great body of southern Representatives, who now
! are willing to make this Kansas-Nebraska bill a
test of southern Democracy, will, before many
; years have gone by, have reason to regret their
• present position.
Sir, this doctrine of squatter sovereignty, as
asserted in the Nebraska bill, is monstrous. If
the people were composed of those who were
born and reared upon our soil, acquainted with
the genius and spirit of our institutions, familiar
i with our beautiful system of Government, it prob-
| ably would not be so alarminf and dangerous;
[ but its authors, as if they were determined to
make assurance doubly sure, incorporated into
I the bill the odious principle of ali«n suffrage.
I Here it is:
| " Sec. 5. JIni le it further enacted, Thatevery free white
male inhabitant, above the age of twenty-one years, who
| shall be an actual resident of said Territory, and shall
possess the qualifications hereinafter prescribed, shall be
entitled to vote at the first election, and shall be eligible to
any office within the said Territory ; but the qualifications
of voters, and of holding office, at all subsequent elections,
shall be such as shall be prescribed by the Legislative As-
sembly : Provided, That the right of suffrage and of holding
office shall be exercised only by citizens of the United
States, and those who shatl have declared on oath their
intention to become such, and shall have taken an oath to
support the Constitution of the United States and the pro-
visions of this act."
Thus you perceive, Mr. Clerk, that the for-
eigner, who may be unable to apeak or read our
language, in five minutes after he lands in Kansas
or Nebraska may become a voter; ay, a member
of either branch <sf the Legislature, and a part and
parcel of the people who are to prohibit slavery
in a common Territory belonging to all the States
of this Union.
Mr. SANDIDGE. If the gentleman from Vir-
ginia will allow me—and I do not desire to em-
barrass him in his remarks—I wish to ask him
a question. The gentleman denies the power of
the Territorial Legislature of Kansas, and those
of other Territories, to legislate upon the subject
of African slavery so as to impair the rights of
the slaveholder. Now, I desire that gentleman
to say to the House whether, in his opinion, the
convention, so-called, lately held in the Territory
of Kansas, did prohibit the existence of African
slavery in the Territory by the adoption of a State
constitution, preparatory to their admission into
the Union as a State; and whether it is considered
by him as obligatory and binding upon him ?
M*. CARLILE. I will say to the gentleman,
