1855.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
63
-organization. What is their precise .position?
The senior gentleman from Ohio [Mr.G-iDDiNGs]
confesses upon this floor that he drew a resolu-
tion which was presented to a caucus of gentle-
men of that organization, at which I think he said
there were twenty or thirty members present,
which pledged every man to vote for no man for
'Speaker unless he stood pledged to organize the
committees, of this House in such a way as to
give to Free-Soilism the control of the committees.
Here is the language of the resolution:
uResolved, That we will support no man for Speaker
who is not pledged to carry out the parliamentary law, by
.giving to each proposed measure ordered by the House to
be commuted, a majority of such special committee; and
to organize the standing coihmittccs of the House by placing
on each a majority of the friends of freedom who are favor-
able to making reports on all petitions commuted to them."
Mr. JONES, of Pennsylvania. Will the gen-
tleman allow me to ask him a question ?
Mr. ZOLLICOFFER. Permit me first to com-
plete my answer to the "question of the gentleman
from Virginia, and then I will, with pleasure,
answer'any interrogatories which you may choose
to propound to me.
Mr. JONES. Very well, sir.
Mr. ZOLLICOFFER. I have now presented
the two platforms upon which the two oodies of
our antagonists are arrayed. Some things have
transpired here which have arrested my atten-
tion very sharply. The resolution adopted by that
meeting pledged twenty or thirty gentlemen who
are now voting for Mr. Banks, to vote for no
man for Speaker unless he is pledged to organize
the committees of this House with majorities in
favor of " the friends of freedom.And yet, sir,
notwithstandingthe announcement of that pledge,
I heard the gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr.
Banks] utter upon this floor, the day before yes-
terday, those words:
"I have never made any pledges, and I stand uncommit-
ted and picked to do what is right and just wheievcr 1
may be called to act, according to'my own convictions."
Gentlemen, is there not a remarkable conflict
of statement here? It was announced upon this
floor that the twenty or thirty gentlemen who
attended that meeting—men who are now voting
for Mr. Banks—adopted a resolution pledging
themselves to vote for no man ivho was not pledged
in this way; and yet the gentleman who is receiv-
ing their votes has disclaimed upon this jloor that he
ha$ made any such pledges! But this is only a side
issue. The striking state of things before the
House to which I wish to direct attention is,
that here are two platforms—the Administration
Democratic platform, taking a party position
upon one of the most exciting sectional questions
now before the American people, (threatening,
perhaps, the very stability of the Union itself.)
and throwing the gauntlet of opposition rudely
down to all others; and the platform of the Abo-
litionists, or Republicans, as they call themselves,
embodied in the resolution of the member from
Ohio, [Mr. Giddlvgs,] pledging its supporters to
vote for no man who will not thus sectionally
organize the committees of the House. On the
other hand, those with whom I act have stood
upon the compromises of the Constitution—
making no partisan or sectional issues calculated
to agitate and inflame the country to sectional
hostility. Although a southern man, and as true
to tlie constitutional rights and interests of the
South as any man that ever breathed the breath
of life, yet, when I saw public events tending so
imminently to the organization of two great geo-
graphical and sectional parties, I determined that
1 would plant myself upon the Constitution, and
stand for the tfnion upon that middle ground
\ipon which rational and patriotic men, both at
the North and the South, may stand withjgit
any compromise of principle, and for the good
of their common country. Those with whom X
stand have denounced nobody: they have done
nothing to embroil the country: if national
Democrats and national Americans cannot unite
to repel northern scetional triumph over both, it
is not the fault of the national Americans.
Mr. GIDDINGS (interrupting.) I desire to
put a question to the gentleman from Tennessee.
Mr. ZOLLICOFFER. The gentleman from
Ohio will pardon me. X am now answering the
question propounded to me by the gentleman from
Virginia, and I will not answer his question until
I get through with that. I regard myself, sir,
as standing upon conservative, national, union
ground. I believe that I have in my position
tendered the olive branch to the gentlemen from
the North, who are not willing to see these great
sectional organizations built up. I cannot be
brought to forsake the principles of the Consti-
tution—never; but I feel, that as far as I can do
so, consistently with my duty as a supporter of
the Constitution of the United States, it is my
duty to conciliate, to conipromise, to hold out
the olive branch to gentlemen of the North, who
have not placed me under a ban or stigmatized
me as wishing to deprive a portion of the Ameri-
can people of « civil and religious liberty." With
this view I selected, as the candidate for Speaker
for whom I would cast my vote, a gentleman
from the North. I resisted the importunities of
friends to unite on a southern man, because I
thought that, in this crisis of our great country,
it was my duty as a patriot to select a sound
national and constitutional man from the North.
Now, gentlemen, Olio word more. I see here
a great organization, numbering from one hun-
dred and four to one hundred and six members,
who are steadily voting for Mr. Banks. Whilst I
have reason to believe that the great lobby spirits
that control that organization are Greeley and
Seward, and Weed and Webb—men of intellect
and power at the North—who are as bitterly op-
posed to the American party as they are to the
Democratic party, I do, upon my conscience, be-
lieve that there are gentlemen voting for Mr.
Banks, from day to day, who do not belong to
the Abolition, or, as they style themselves, Re-
publican organization. For example, I cite the
gentleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Campbell,]
at whose position, as he announced it here the
other day, I was surprised. He says he is an
American, and he spurned the idea that the Amer-
ican party at the North were identified with the
Free-Soilers of the North; and yet he casts his vote
steadily against' a conservative national American
from his own State, and gives it to Mr. Banks, a
Free-Soil Democrat, who has affiliated, as his
record clearly shows, with the most ultra and
violent Free-Soil and Abolition factions! Yet I
suppose that gentleman is sincere. Such are the
powerful Abolition influences brought to bear
upon him, he stands in this paradoxical position.
1 believe there are other gentlemen steadily voting
_for Mr. Banks who are by no means identical
in position with Greeley, and Weed, and Webb,
the powerful anti-American spirits who are con-
trolling this organization, but who have had the
harness put upon them, and strangely feel that
they cannot shake it off. Tt is not for me to de-
termine their course. They have made their bed,
and must lie in it.
Now, Mr. Clerk and gentlemen, what is a
national man, supporting the distinguished gen-
tleman tromVennsylvama, [Mr. Fuller,] to do,
under these circumstances, but to stand to his gun—
stand to the Constitution, to the position based
upon the principles of the Constitution, and upon
a love of the perpetuity of the Union ? What
else shall I do, so long as I have power to act as
a Representative upsm this floor' The perpetuity
of this Union, as designed by the Constitution, is
paramount to all other considerations; and believ-
ing as I do, that the agitation of questions affecting
the subject of slavery is calculated to weaken thfe
bonds of the Union, I stand resolved to oppose,
by my acts here, and to prevent if possible, the
introduction before this body, of all propositions
to change existing laws on the subject of slavery.
Mr. STANTON. I would like to know of the
gentleman, before he resumes his seat, whether
or not he voted for the Kansas-Nebraska bill ?
Mr. ZOLLICOFFER. I am happy to answer
the gentleman, that X did vote for it; but, sir, I
have here taken by the hand national gentlemen
who voted against that bill, and who stand with
me against further agitation. I did vote tor the
bill, and X most certainly would vote for it again
were it to do over again; and, if necessary, X
shall maintain it with all the earnestness of my
life, because I believe it does simple justice to the
emigrants from both northern and southern
States into the common Territories, which are
the common property of all the States of the
Union. I have taken by the hand here gentle-
men who voted against the Kansas-Nebraska
bill, who, I believe, are national, patriotic men.
The gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. Fuller]
for whom I have cast my vote from day to-day*
would himself, had he/been a member t>f the last
Congress, have voted against that bill;,but satis-
fied as he is, that agitation is fruitiest and that
it would only tend to weaken .the bonds .of, the
Union, he would not vote for its-repeal, or do
aught to foment that sectional agitation which is
now tending to build up two great sectional- or-
ganizations. He agrees with rile .that we ought
to resist the introduction of all questions which
will lead to the agitation of slavery,'and I cor-
dially take him by the hand.
Mr. WRIGHT, of Tennessee. I wish to ask
my colleague if he objects to the resolution of
the Democratic caucus in reference to the Kansas-
Nebraskn bill?
Mr. ZOLLICOFFER. My colleagues will do
me the justice to say that I never dodge any issue.
I take my position, and every man knows where
I stand. In answer to the questioft I will say, that
while there is not a truer and more conscientious
advocate of the Nebraska bill anywhere, yet I
did think when we had assembled here under the
peculiar circumstances 1 have described, that it
was not a proper time to lay down sectional or
party positions upon the most exciting public
questions in such way as to invite the fiercest
agitation. I have thought it better for national
men to stand firmly together in defense of the
Constitution—provoking no agitation unneces-
sarily, and raising no unnecessary barriers to
prevent national men from acting together.
Mr. SEWARD. Why did you vote for it
then ?
Mr. ZOLLICOFFER. I do not recognize any
man's right to propound questions to me when
there appears in his manner a spirit of trifling.
Mr. SEWARD. I disavow any intention of
trilling with the gentleman.
Mr. ZOLLICOFFER. Then, I say, the ex-
ception 1 take to the Democratic platform is the
impropriety of taking such a position when it
was uncertain whether wc should be able to cffcet
a national organization of this House, by oven
the combined efforts of the Democrats and na-
tional Know Nothings together. I think this
movement was calculated to promote sectional
feeling and sectional results adverse to the South.
My opinion is, that the true ground to occupy m
the existing state of tilings is the quiet but firm
maintenance of the perpetuity of the Union, as
designed by the Constitution, as paramount to
all other considerations, and that it is the duty of
every man, under the circumstances, to stand by
the laws as they have been enacted. Sir, I think
I have now answered the question of the honor-
able gentleman from Virginia. I have shown
why we cannot pass the barriers the Democrats
have so inconsiderately erected against us. I
have shown that if, perchance, a northern sec-
tional man is elected Speaker, (with which we
are imminently threatened every day,) that it
is not oi'r fault—that we have cast no imputations
sundering national men, and that our Democratic
friends, having it in their power, as they confess,
to elect Mr. Fuller, a sound national man, are
responsible to the country, if, obstinately refusing
to do it, they permit the patience of a few north-
ern men, who are now scattering their votes, to-
wear away under this prolonged struggle, until
they finally effect the election of a northern sec-
tional Speaker. I, therefore, yield the flour to
the gentleman from Viiginia, to wliose couitesy
I am indebted for the time X have occupied.
Mr. WRIGHT. I have no doubt of ^the pa-
triotism of my friend and colleague from Tennes-
see in the course lie has pursued and in the
■ position lie has taken; and I assure the gentleman
X asked liim the question in order that I might
the more fully understand Ins position, and tor
the purpose of basing a few remarks upon that
question.
Mr. McMULLIN. I believe I have the floor,
and the gentleman cannot take it from me in or-
der to make a speech. [Cries of 11 Call the.
I roll!"]
j Mr. WEIGHT. This House well knows that
| this is the first time, since 1 made my appearance
: upon the floor of this Hall, that I have opened
i my mouth, except to cast my vote.
Mr. WALBRIDGE. I rise to a.qaestion of
order. It is this: is it fair or parliamentary for
one gentleman to get the floor in the morning, and
to farm it out to his friends through the whole-
