64
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 20.
day ? The gentleman from Virginia seems to be
doing so.
Mr. McMULLIN. I have yielded the floor
once or twice for explanation.
Mr. WALBRIDGE. Well, I want to know
whether it is parliamentary to do so? Will the
gentleman from Virginia answer me ?
Mr. WHEELER. I call the gentleman from
Michigan [Mr. Walbridge] to order. The gen-
tleman from Tennessee [Mr. Wright] has the
floor. •
Mr. WALBRIDGE. Well, I wish to ask the
gentleman from Virginia a question. [Cries of
"Order!" "Call the roll?"] .
The CLERK. The gentleman from Tennessee
has the floor, and the gentleman from Michigan
desires to ask the gentleman from Virginia a
question.
Mr. WALBRIDGE. My question is, whether
it is parliamentary for one gentleman to get the
floor in the nlorning, and farm it out all day to
his friends?
Mr. McMULLIN. A gentleman who carries
such a looking head as that upon his shoulders
ought not to ask such a question. [Laughter.]
Mr. WRIGHT. 1 do not rise for the purpose
of making a personal explanation. I have none
to make. But it is for another and entirely dif-
ferent purpose. My colleague [Mr. Zollicok-
fer] is a gentleman of the highest respectability
and of undoubted patriotism. I would not say a
word to injure his feelings, or the feelings of any
gentleman upon this floor, I care not from what
section yf the Union he comes, or what the prin-
ciples ho professes. I think it must be clear to
everyone, that gentlemen who belong to the so-
called American party here are standing out—I
will not say factiously—upon what they consider
to be an insult offered to them by the caucus of
the Democratic party. That point has been so
fully explained by my honorable friend from
Pennsylvania, [Mr. Jones,] that I deem it un-
necessary to say a word with regard to it. The
American party upon this floor, in persisting to
vote for Mr. Fuller.—whom I regard as n sound
national man, on the ground nf his remarks yes-
terday, and for whom I entertain the highest
respect—are making the principle of a rimple
change of the naturalization laws paramount to
any other issue before the country, for that is
all this House can effect. They deny most une-
quivocally, that they arc the enemies'of civil and
religious liberty. All they can accomplish is to
extend the period of the naturalization laws; and
this question they make paramount to the ques-
tion which is agitating the country from one ex-
treme to the other; and that,too, at a time when
one hundred and six honorable gentlemen have
arrayed themselves here, in solid phalanx against
what we conceive to be the constitutional rights
of the citizens of the southern States.
1 oame here not as a southern man, but for the
purpose of cooperating with every man of every
siiet 1011 to maintain the Constitution of our coun-
try, and to guard the rights of every State. I
have the honor to represent, in part, a State
which in all time has shown herself to be emi-
nently national and conservative on all questions,
and I represent a constituency who are not to be
intimidated by the threats of honorable gentle-
men, but who "know their rights, and knowing,
will dare maintain them." 1 am not one of those
who believe that this Union, hallowed by so many
glorious recollections, and cemented by the blood
of the fathers of the Revolution, will be dis-
solved; but I «-ould warn gentlemen that there is
n point beyond which endurance might cease to
be a virtue. Gentlemen may say what they
please with regard to these questions, but I am
one of those who entertain an abiding faith in the
good sense, the justice, and the patriotism of the
people of the northern States of this Union; and
I believe, before Heaven, that a fair expression
of public opinion from that section of our coun-
try would hurl from power and from place that
band of Representatives who come here enter-
taining opinions, as heralded forth by the honor-
able gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. G-iddikgs,] to-
tally at war with the Constitution. I do not be-
lieve that the second sober thought of the North
will affirm the action of many of their Repre-
sentatives upon this floor. I" believe they will
rally to the support of the Constitution and
of the Uiuon; and that they will sustain every
principle contained in the resolution of the Dem-
ocratic caucus.
Then, sir, here is the point I wished to make:
that my colleague, [Mr. Zollicoffer,] and those
who are acting with him, approving, as he says
he does, that part of the resolution of the Dem-
ocratic caucus in relation to the Kansas and Ne-
braska act, is making the insignificant question
{comparatively) of a change of the naturalization
laws paramount to the great question of the
rights and independence of the southern States
on the question of slavery. I therefore call upon
him, and those honorable gentlemen who cooper-
ate with him, to drop, for a time, his sentiments
—honest ones, I have no doubt—on this question
of minor importance, and rally to the banner of the
Democratic party on this floor, whose opinions
on the one great question he has announced him-
self to favor. Let us organize this House, and
do the business our constituents sent us here to
do; and then he can fall back on his advocacy of
a change of the naturalization laws, and relieve
himselif from the position which, I honestly
think, ho now occupies of preventing an organ-
ization. These remarks, Mr. Clerk, I submitin
the kindest spirit, and I hope they will be so re-
ceived by my honorable colleague and by all
other gentlemen on this floor.
Mr. McMULLIN. I again assure the House
that I anxiously desire to see it organized. But
yet the issue has been made by men of the
North, and we are ready to meet that issue as
becomes men. If the people of the North pro-
pose to indorse the sentiments of their Repre-
sentatives here, let us know it. Let us know the
worst, and provide for it. It has been alleged
against us in this part of the House that in cau-
cus we passed a resolution pledging resistance to
those who are in opposition to the Kansas-Ne-
braska bill and to the Administration. Sir, this
is no time for me, or for any other gentleman
hero, to enter into the defense of the Adminis-
tration. But, sir, when this House shall have
been organized—and organized I hope it will
be—I shall be one of the first and most forward
in doing justice to the present Administration. I
do not want to be understood here as conveying
the idea that the Administration is without its
faults. But, sir, the Administration has proved
to me that it is at least true to the South on the
constitutional question, or the question of ques-
tions which is now overlying and absorbing all
other questions. The Administration has been
true and faithful to the constitutional rights of
the South on the slavery question. So far as the
Administration is concerned, it has demeaned
itself as becomes a patriotic one, having due re-
gard to all portions of the Confederacy, and at
a proper time, sir, I will say what I think of it.
Gentlemen may talk of it, as they please, but I
repeat, that at a proper time I shrill defend the
Administration with all my ability on all those
questions on which I think it is deserving of
support.
But, Mr. Clerk, I have been mortified—not only
mortified but surprised, at the position taken hero
by some of my southern friends. My brethren
of the South will pardon *me for what I say.
There are good men, true, patriotic, Christian-
hearted men from the South, in this House,
with whom I respectfully differ. I allude to
those southern gentlemen who belong to the
American party as they call it. Sir, I am not the
man to oppose that portion of my friends of the
South on account of their attachment to that party.
I know that many of my fellow-citizens at the
South who went into that organization are just
as good and patriotic men as there are in this
country; but I do say, sir, that they have been
deceived, misled, and imposed upon as to the
doctrines which they have advocated both before
the people and m this House- A portion of their
doctrines I myself am prepared to indorse, and so
are, I am sure, the whole of my Democratic
friends; but others of their doctrines I condemn.
Whether these doctrines enter into the platform
of the Know Nothing party or not is amatter of
perfect immateriality to me.
Sir, I now call the attention of the House and
of the country to a very few of the subjects of
difficulty between that party and myself. We
have heard a good deal said in this House and
elsewhere about Americans ruling America.
That is one of the leading dogmas of my southern
Know Nothing friends. _ Now, sir, I ask those
gentlemen, where they will find one member here
who is not in favor of the same principle ? Where
is there such a man here ? Who is he ? Where
is he from ? I take issue just here with the gen.
tlemen. Let them tell me where is the man who
will say that any but Americans are to rule
America. There is no gentleman here having
any such idea.
But, Mr. Clerk, to proceed to the second dogma
of the American party! They are opposed to
foreign pauper, convict, and felon immigration.
Where, sir, is the man in this House who has ad-
vocated here or before the people the principle of
promoting the immigration of foreign paupers,
convicts, or felons ? There is no such man here.
I am as much opposed to the immigration of for-
eign convicts, paupers, and felons, as any man in
the country. I agree, then, with the American
party as to that proposition also.
But, Mr. Clerk, there is a third dogma of this
party with which I do not agree. That dogma
is opposition to Catholicism. Now, sir, I differ
in my religious ideas from the tenets of the Cath-
olic church as widely as the poles are asunder; but
I have ever been, and ever will be, an advocate of
the doctrine of religious freedom. I am in favor
of extending to every man the liberty of worship-
ing God according to the dictates of his con-
science.
A Voice. So are we.
Mr. McMULLIN. But, Mr. Clerk, my friends
from the South will pardon me for saying just
here, that I cannot agree to their prosenptive con-
stitution ! Look at their constitution! They
talk about the Democratic platform laid down in
the caucus. They have objected to that plat-
form, and say that it is owing to it that the House
is unable to organize. They say that the cause
of our non-organization is, that we have laid
down a platform which has reared up a wall of
fire between them and us. But, Mr. Clerk, I ask
the attention of this House to this important fact:
what matters it to the country as to who presides
over this House, if our southern brethren only
come with us, and help to defeat the election to
the speakership of an Abolitionist, and help to
elect a Speaker who will be true to the require-
ments of the Constitution, and to the rights of
every section of the Union? Why should they,
by their action, throw the House practically into
the hands of the Abolitionists?
I have designed, in submitting these remarks
to my brethren of the American party South, to
call their attention, and that of the country gen-
erally, to the constitution under which that party
exists, and to the issues therein laid down. Doc-
trines have been there laid dewn which should
never prevail in this or any other country; and
they must pardon me for my humble objection
to their constitution, as I deem it utterly incom-
patible with, and opposed to the principles of this
republican Government of ours.
Mr. COX. Will the gentleman from Virginia
allow me to interrupt him for the purpose of
asking him a question ?
Mr. McMULLIN yielded.
Mr. COX. I desire the gentleman from Vir-
ginia [Mr. McMullin] to state the particular
principles of the American platform which he
deems inconsistent with republican liberty, and
hostile to the institutions of the country. I desire
him to state them specifically and in detail.
Mr. McMULLIN. I will do so, sir, with
great pleasure, if the House is disposed just now
to hear me. [Cries of '• No, no !"and " Go on!"]
I am admonished, Mr. Clerk, by my friends
around me not to do so now, [laughter,] and I
am disposed to accommodate them.
Mr. COX. Well, I will withdraw the question
for the present.
Mr. McMULLIN. I will inform my worthy
friend from Kentucky, [Mr. Cox,] that at a
proper time hereafter I will with great pleasuro
answer his question. I will do so when the
House is organized. I will show him that my
objections to part of the Know Nothing constitu-
tion are of an insuperable character, and I think
I will induce the gentleman himself to think that
they are.
Mr. COX. If the gentleman from Virginia
[Mr. McMcllin] is not willing to answer my
question now—and I know his reasons; they are
satisfactory to me, and are, doubtless, proper
