1664
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 18.
other. I think it is proper to put McCormick in
this hill, and let them both stand or fall together.
Mr. THOMPSON, of Kentucky. Mr. Pres-
ident, I have no desire to make a speech, or to
say anything about a case of this nature; but as
the bill before the Senate comes from a commit-
tee of which I am a member, it is proper, perhaps,
that I should make a remark or two. I cannot
agree with the position of the Senator from Mis-
sissippi. I was impressed with the usefulness
of McCormick's invention, and with the credit
and renown which it had secured for our country
abroad. For these reasons I was favorable to
his application. I would not vote directly for
the renewal of his patent, but, as he said he had
not had a fair hearing, I was willing to submit
•the case to the Commissioner of Patents (Judge
Mason) for a rehearing, he being a man m whose
integrity, capacity, and ability, 1 have givat con-
fidence. Feeling satisfied that, if that bill was
passed, his judgment would be a correct one, I
voted for the bill which was under consideration
last week, to enable McCormick to apply to him
for a renewal. 1 do not see, however, that be-
cause McCormick failed in obtaining that retrial
or new trial, this applicant, Obed Hussey should
now have McCormick swung around his neck
like a stone, to sink him. It is hardly fair.
This man, as remarked by the Senator from
Maine, seems to be a quiet old Gtuaker gentle-
man, and I now simply desire to state to the Sen-
ate the reason why I have determined to support
this bill, after my examination of the facts of the
case.
Among the powers of Congress granted by the
Constitution is " to promote the progress of
science and useful arts, by securing, for limited
times, to authors and inventors, theexciusive right
to their respective writings and discoveries."
This old man made a valuable discovery, for
"which he was entnvlv imveniuneiated in the time
allowed him by his patent. In this view of the
case, treating it as a matter tn equity, i was of
the opinion that he was entitled not to have a
retna!,hke McCormick, hut an absolute renewal.
I admit that I am very much like my friend from
South Carolina, [\lr. Evams,] a member of the
committee. I do not go in for experimenting
with atmospheric tele^iuphs, or balloons to sail
from h'Mo to San Francisco in a day. I should
not like to make a trial trip in a balloon from here
to the Pacific, ocean, considering the dangers of
trial trips upon railroads. In addition to that, I
have no idea of experimenting to have a fellow
go through a tube guauUng the mail, in an at-
mospheric telegraph, above or below the ground,
with forced air-pumps, I do not want any of my
friends to be lodged about iSt. Pei''i>bur^h m the
sand hanks m tins weather, or to be left on the
mountains next winter with a mail bau shot like
a. ball iiom a cannon. I am supposed to be a
little skeptical in ihe.se matters. 1 think, however,
that we have taken a \ery reasonable view of
this case. The time allowed for patents was
supposed to be sufficient to enable an individual ;
to realize something asareward, as an encourage- j
ment tor improvements m the arts and sciences.
If he is poor—as poets and inventors, and men of j
genius gencially are—if he has not been remu- j
nerated, 1 think t hat Congioss, under the Consti- 1
tution, on equitable considerations, ou^ht to :
allow h un an opportunity by renewinjylus patent.
The committee were unanimous in their report
on this bill. I personally know nothing about
this old man; but I learn, from those who"are as-
sociated with him, that he is a meritorious and
clever man. Upon the principles of equity, under
our constitutional power to promote and en-
courage discoveries m the arts and sciences, we
have a light to pass a bill of this kind. I come j
to the conclusion, from my investigation as a
member of the committee, that this bill ou°*ht to
he passed.
Mr. HUNTER. Mr. President, the Senator
from Maine was mistaken m regard to the posi- i
tion which I took m McCormick's case. I said I
then that I had generally opposed all attempts to
renew patents by legislation, and I thoaght it
must be a very extreme case which could justify
it; but that 1 hoped, inasmuch as he did not ask
to have his patent renewed here, but to be remit-
ted to the proper tribunal to try it over again,
there might be something in his case which
would enable me to vote for it. After hearing the
argument, I was convinced that it was not proper
to do so. I referred to that case because, in my
opinion, it presented precisely the same principle
involved now, to show that the Senate had al-
ready made a decision which would bar the ap-
plication now made in behalf of Hussey; that
they had decided the general principles which
covered this case as well as the other; so that,
there is nothing inconsistent between the posi-
tion which I took then, and the position which I
take now.
Nor did I argue that it was unjust to McCor-
mick; on the contrary, I believed the decision of
the Senate was proper then,and I think it would
be proper now, to adhere to the precedent set on
that occasion. It is true, (I referred to the opinion
of the Committee on Patents, not to my own,)
I said tlrat the Committee on Patents had declared
that McSbrmick was ruled out, not on the merits
of his case, but on a mere technicality of law.
If he was ruled out on a mere technicality, so far
as the trial was concerned, he stood on the same
ground with Hussey who did not go before the
Commissioner in time, on account of his ignorance
of the law. I said that if Hussey did not make
mouey by this invention, so also it was no proof
that McCormick had not made money on the
invention which he sought to have repatcntcd.
Whatever he had made was on improvements, in
regard to which he sought no new patent. I said
that, so far as I could see, the principle m the two
cases was the same. I have seen nothing in the
cases to distinguish between them.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. I voted against the
application of McCormick for two reasons. The
first was, because I thought he had a fair oppor-
tunity of making good his application, if he could
do so before the cxammeis according to law. I
understood that his claim for a renewal was ad-
judicated theiv, and adjudicated upon its merits,
if the exclusion of a deposition, where many
were taken, because of the defect of notice, or
want of proper form in the notice, is to be called
technical, and the whole decision affected by it,
all our legislation will prove entirely nugatory,
which intended to remove fiom this House the
discussion of such a question by a reference of it
to the Patent Office. Itgives no title whatever, to
say that ins application was overruled on techni-
cal grounds. The matter at issue was the merit
of his application; and if he did not maintain
and defend it there, he has by law no nji'ht to
appeal further, or retry that question, if he
takes depositions informally, and is guilty of any
such impropriety in respect to them as causes
them to be rejected, he has no right to say that
the rejection is on technical ground. The proper
issue was made. The proper opportunities weie
afforded to him to maintain it by proof if lie could :
and his failure to do so docs not ptevent it from
being a decision on the merits. I thought, there-
fore, he had all that the law allowed him—a
proper opportunity of maintaimngbis claim—and
he had failed to do it. It would be altogelher
setting at naught the law, if in such a case we
were to take upon ourselves a reexamination,
giving him thereby chance after chance.
I had a furthei reason. Another question was,
whether he had been remunerated. If I under-
stand, fiom his own showing, he has been, to the
extent of some $450,000.
Air. HUNTER,. If the Senator will ask the
Senator fiom Maine, ho will.tell him differently.
The report of the Committee on Patents was, that
he had not been remunerated under the invention
which he sought to have lvpatented.
Mr. BROWN". 1 had a special charge of the
case of McCormick, and the evidence is that he
was not remunerated at all on the patent which
he seeks to renew. He took out two other pat-
ents for improvements on the original, and the
three were combined in one machine. On that
perfect machine he made profits, but on the ori-
ginal machine he made nothing, but rather lost
money.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. These are distinctions
which, I think, amount to very little. He has
made money—a great deal of money.
Mr. BROWN. I do not know how much.
Mr. GRITTED DEjN . 1 voted against him on
both these grounds: that he had been remuner-
ated—£ do not know to what extent, but an
extent that might be called handsome for an in-
ventor—and that he had had a fair opportunity,
and his cause had been determined against him by
the proper tribunal. The Senate decided against
him.
Now, sir, this being done, what propriety
would there be in sustaining the motion of my
friend from Mississippi, and saying that, having
had a fair trial and decision before the Senate,
the Senate shall be again troubled with the agita-
tion of the same question, against which they
have solemnly decided, and shall now reconsider
the case of McCormick in the form of an amend-
ment to this bill, and, as my colleague suggests,
hang a dead man around the neck of a living
man? I can see no propriety and no justice in
it. McCormick has had his fair trial everywhere,
and everywhere has failed to maintain the issue—
everywhere failed to show his right and title to
a renewal of his privilege. He has failed to ob-
tain a renewal of his patent here and before the
commissioner. Hussey has had no such chance.
The cases are perfectly distinguishable. Hussey
has had no remuneration. He is now what he
was in the beginning—a poor and artless me-
chanic—artless i mean in the manner of securing
his legal rights. He has made nothing; and how
has he lost the opportunity of appearing before
the Commissioner ? By the misdirection of your
own officer presiding in the Patent Office. Pie
himself mistakes, misleads Hussey, who, by re-
lying on your officer, placed there and appointed
for the purpose of receiving and dealing with his
application, was misinformed as to the nature and
time of the notice to be given. That is the way
he lost it. He had no hearing, and he lost it m
a manner that attaches no fault, and no imputa-
tion of negligence whatever to him.
Now, I ask my friend from Virginia, if these
are not strongly distinguishable and strongly dis-
criminating circumstances? There was remuner-
ation in the one case, a fair trial in the one case,
and a decision agamst the applicant. In the other
case there was no remuneration and no trial; but
the trial was defeated by means of our own officer.
Sir, the cases arc perfectly clear, perfectly dis-
tinguishable. In my opinion, it is clear that the
one had no right and that the other had. So I
shall vote; and the very character of this man
seems to me to bring his case exactly within the
spirit of this law intended for the encouragement
of talents like his. We have found Mr. Hus-
sey a man who was actually a mechanic, little
versed in law, but with that sort of genius and
that sort of industry in the application of his
genius, which makes him, in the very spirit and
temper of those laws, the object of that protection
which it was intended the public should give to
such men. He has lost his rights on a point of
bw. Ho has lost his case by the misdirection of
tin'judge you appointed. All that is admitted.
Thete is no controversy as to it. 1 think Mr.
Hussey ought to have a renewal. He has made
nothing; and I cannot keep from my mind in this
case another consideration. This man's machine,
though it in the first place may not have been as
perfect as improvements have made it, was the
great original from which all such machines
started. The reaping machine was his idea. He
first attempted to put it m practice. He gave the
idea to the world. He gave the idea m a prac-
tical, mechanical shape and form to the world,
and all the improvements which have been made
since have sprung from that as the tree springs
from us root. There is the root of it all.
In the hands of Mr. McCormick—for I do not
know much about the distinction between his im-
! provements and the original invention—it hns
1 been a mine of wealth. The great World's Fair
i gave it a name and fame all over the woild: but it
!| had it before. In the distant fields of the West
we have seen his machine at woik cveiywhere.
There has been a great remuneration; it may not
be adequate. I am willing to see on ample reward
obtained by the inventors of useful machines,
which contribute to the wealth of the country*
and to the convenience and wealth of others.
Mr. McCormick, I hope, with his machine has
reaped his own harvest, and a plentiful one. I
do not doubt that he has. Hussey has reaped
nothing but sorrow and disappointment, and
defeat and poverty. Now, sir, 1 am willing to
give him an additional term to try and compen-
sate this man for broaching this idea, and giving
it to the world.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I merely wish to say a
