54
appendix to the congressional globe.
[January 9,
34th Cong:...1st S«ss.
Organization of thg House—Mr. Botvie.
Ho. of Reps.
Department or the Interior, ^vgust 1M8^-
Sir: Your letter of yesterday to a compli-
receivcd, and I am directed to say . suK:ect which
 nce with the advice given 1tci jou a officer,
was, to present your affidavit; taken.oe if j.
as vou stated you conscientiously could do, tnat you aia
mul that you have no sympathy with the pnnciples, «b-
jects, or designs, usually ascribed to such Order.
Respectfully, 4c., CH^P§®'aAk.
Mr. Eobt. T. Foster, East Thirteenth street.
The following pledge or declaration is required
to be taken and subscribed to by the members of
the Democratic Association of this city,, before
they are admitted to flill fellowship:
«I do declare, upon my word of honor, that I ami not a
member of any secret political organization, or of any other
nnranization, or of any other association or society, whose
objects are antagonistieal to the objects of the Democratic
party, as declared in the resolution
bers of the House of Representatives of the 1st of Decern
ber, 1855."
I think it ill becomes those gentlemen who
are supporting an Administration which recl"lr®®
these oaths and pledges to object to oaths, i ask
them not to sink theirparty orgamzation-not to
leave their party associations—not to ignore their
party principles—but to try and effect an organi-
zation of this House, which, it does seem tome,
every lover of his country should desire. 1 think
that they can, for the time being, unite with us in
placing in the Speaker's chair a gentleman who
is as sound on the subject of the constitutional
rights of the South as any man on this floor. Is it,
Mr. Clerk, because the distinguished gentleman
from Pennsylvania [Mr. Fuller] believes that
it is better that native-born citizens, acquainted
■with the genius and spirit of our institutions,
should control the destinies of this country rather
than foreigners, that he is objected to? Sir, I
think that the Democracy ought not to object to
him on that ground. The resolutions of 1798 and
1799, adopted by the Virginia General Assembly,
have been considered orthodox by the Demo-
cratic party; and now, sir, I read from the Stat-
utes of Virginia one of the resolutions adopted at
thatmemorable session by the House of Delegates
on January 11,1799, and agreed toby the Senate
on January 16,1799:
« Resolved, Thatthe Constitution ought to be so amended,
that no foreigner who shall not have acquired rights under
the Constitution and law&at the time of making thia amend-
ment, shall thereafter be eligible to the office of Senator or
Representative in the Congress of the United States, nor
to any officii in the judiciary or executive Departments." ^
So thought the General Assembly of Virginia j
in 1798-'99. So thought those patriotic and wise
men whose expositions of the powers of this
Government have been considered orthodox by ,
the Democratic party from that day to this. j
Now, sir, the country desires an organization. .
The condition of our foreign affairs, if the press
is to be believed, requires-an organization. The
legislative department of this Government, as I
remarked yesterday, seems to be paralyzed. The
very existence of the Union is probably haz-
arded by the continuance of this state of things.
And, without endeavoring to throw the respons-
ibility upon any party or upon any gentleman
on this floor, I hold it to be the duty of each and
every member of this body to do all in his power—
forgetting for the time party ties, and uniting with
all conservative men—to effect 9x1 organization.
ORGANIZATION OF THE HOtJSE.
SPEECH OF HON. T. F. BOWIE,
OF MARYLAND,
In the House of Representatives,
January 9, 1856.
Mr. BOWIE said: I move, Mr. Clerk, to re-
scind the ten-minute rule.
I do not rise, sir, to make a speech simply for
the purpose of making a speech, but I want to .
call the attention of this House and the country j
to the condition in which we now are. I am
quite sure, if I could hold up a picture of it to the
people of the country, they would revolt at the
spectacle. It is a spectacle, sir, at which every
good man ought to revolt. Sir, we are playing a
comedy when we ought to be playing a tragedy.
I have heard it said that the House of Repre-
sentatives was like a bear garden. It may have
been so, sir, in times past, when men were pitted
against each other to fight; but 1 rather think it
is now more like a garden of foxes. Cunning and
artful men (and I fear, sir, some traitorous men,
too) have been sent here to represent the people
of the United States; men who pride themselves
more upon their qualifications for intrigue than
' upon a patriotic devotion to the principles of the
Constitution; men, sir, who understand, and for
that reason are constantly raising, questions of
| order, to the great delay of the public business
j and the annoyance of the really orderly members
I of this House. Sir, every true patriot will at
once respond to the great impulses of the public
heart. _
Mr. Clerk, I am neither a lion nor a fox; but if
I were to choose between the two, I should not,
like Cardinal Richelieu, " doff the lion's, and take
the fox's skin." Sir, the lion is indeed a noble,
because a courageous animal, and in the day 01
battle will be found strong for the fight; but the
cunning of the fox will subvert the judgment,
and blunt every patriotic impulse of the heart.
Sir, we did not come here to be artful and cunning,
or to exhibit simply our skill in parliamentary
tactics, but to be true to the country, to the Con-
stitution,and ourselves. Iam anxious to effect an
organization of this House, if it be possible; if
not possible, then I think the sooner we adjourn
sine die the better. We are indeed in the midst of
a revolution, not, to be sure, a bloody revolution,
but how soon it may become one God only knows.
Sir, I shall be the last man to draw the sword;
I but I want the people of the country to under-
, stand, what we do not seem to understand our- j
selves—that we are, in fact, in the midst of a rev- ,
olution. I do not say rebellion, because I do not
believe that any portion of the people of this
country will rebel against the Constitution and
the laws, when rightly interpreted and enforced.
[" Good!"] But still, I «ay, we are in the midst .
of a revolution. Does not every man on this floor
feel it to be so ? Do we not all know it to be so ?
You say, sir, it is harmless, because bloodless;
but let us not deceive ourselves in that respect.
We present, at this time, a spectacle to the world
which demoralizes the nation, and proves us to
be incapable of organizing the Government. Sir,
the wheels of Government will be stopped unless
we can organize the legislative department of the
Government. No man can doubt that. In my
judgment, the legislative is the most important
department of the Government. It is the law-
making power; the power which more immedi-
ately and directly affects the people of the country.
In the name of that people, then, I have a right
to ask, is there no way of stopping this miserable
farce? Is there no spirit upon this floor who can
devise some mode of conciliation by which we
can end this strugggle? I invoke, sir, that spirit
to rise up in our midst. If I cannot idolize, I
will at least follow his lead, for he will" have
beckoned me on to the preservation of the Consti-
tution of my country. Sir, in my humble judg-
ment, we must change our course altogether:
we shall never succeed in organizing this House
in the way we are now pursuing. We must
give up party and party tactics, and resort to the
instincts ofpatriotism. As long as men or parties
are placed in antagonistieal positions by the ma-
chinery of party organizations, we can never
expect them to surrender either their principles
or their standard-bearers. This is an all-con-
trolling emotion of the human heart, and you
can no more change or modify its results than
y6u can roll back the tide of the ocean.
[Hero thg hammer fell, but by unanimous con-
| sent,]  ,
Mr. B. resumed. You may as well suppose
that men will shrink in the day of battle, as to
suppose that these standard-bearers of their
respective parties will not be voted for, unless
withdrawn from the canvass by the united action
of their respective parties. Sir, he who thinks to
the contrary, understands, in my judgment, but
little of the pride and obstinacy of human opin-
ions, and* would not be a safe counselor in times
of struggle between the conflicting elements of
human passions.
Sir, let us have some plan of organization
which, as a common platform, a majority of this
House can stand. My friend from South Caro-
lina [Mr. Boyce] gave utterance the other day to
a g-lorious sentiment in regard to the obligations
of party. Party is all right. Party will save a
country sometimes, but some times it will destiny
it. Party will sometimes degenerate into taction.
It may even sometimes go so low down as to de-
generate into a state of hostility to the interests
of the country, growing out of the basest pas-
sions of the human heart, arrayed agains- all
that is good and noble and glorious in the history
of the country. Party, sir, may even do that.
I But is there no patriotic heart here ? Do we not
love our country ? And are we prepared to say
to the people of the country that we will not now
perpetuate the glorious Union of these states.
Will you say that the legislative branch of your
Government shall be struck down by the spirit
of party.'1 For one, 1 tremble when 1 contem-
plate the danger to which we are fast hastening
the people by the mere impulses of party. For
one, sir, so help me God, I would place my head,
and my heart too, as a sacrifice, on the altar of my
country before these States shall be dismembered,
unless it be by a usurpation of power on the part
of the Federal Government to strike down the sov-
ereignty of the States.
Sir, I have heard before to-day that we were m
a state of revolution on this floor. And the hour
may come when we may have to meet its conse-
quences here. I shall not falter in that hour, but
come when it may, I shall take my part, and act
my part, in the drama of the day. I pray to
God that he may avert so awful a catastrophe!
I pray to God to unite our hearts in the bonds of
fraternal love; and if that prayer be granted I
! can safely proclaim to the world that the Consti-
j tution of my country is preserved. Our breth-
, ren at the North say that they do not mean to
interfere with slavery in the States. This is all
very well. The Constitution vests in Congress
' no such power, and no such power has ever been
claimed in any quarter whatever. This, then,
is no concession to the South. We ask for no
concession: we only ask that you will not claim
the power to regulate or control slavery in the
Territories of this Union. No such power is
given bythe Constitution toCongress. The power
" to dispose of and make all needful rules and
regulations respecting the territory or other prop-
erty belonging the United States ' (article fourth,
section third, of'the Constitution) is invoked in
vain for any such purpose. The power to " dis-
pose of " means simply the right of alienation.
The power to " make needful rules and regula-
tions respecting the territory or other property be-
longing tothe United States" means simply the right
to make such needful rules and regulations for
the Territories, as property of the Union, which
requires protection, and not destruction, bythe very
terms of the limitation itself. Government, sir,
may, and ought to, protect property, but never to
destroy it, without the most imperious necessity
for its own defense, and then only on compensa-
tion to the owner. If it does resort to its sover-
eign power in this respect, it ceases only to be
a tyranny, when it shows an actual necessity for
the exercise of its power, in behalf of the body-
politic. It is true, Government, sir, may confis-
cate private property in the way of taxation, but
then it is done only in its own support, and for
its own uses. That Government is an execrable
despotism which raises more taxes from the peo-
ple than they require for thejr own uses.
But, gentlemen, do you not know that the
Constitution of the United States has given you
power over the question of slavery, except to
\ + 1+ 4 A mmw/] it nn/1 4a «n«rn *4 3 T lirxvrA
on
protect it, to guard it, and to save it? I ^iave
heard here, on this floor, and the idea seems to
have gone abroad Smong our northern friends
generally, that Freedom is national ,and Slavery
sectional. Who says this ? Is it to be found in
your Declaration of Independence, or in your
Constitution? You, sir, may say yes; but I tell
Jou that, at the very same hour when Thomas
efferson wrote the Declaration of Independence,
every State in this Union, except Massachusetts,
had African slavery within its limits as a dis-
tinctive form of human labor; therefore he could
not have meant that the institution of African
slavery was incompatible with the liberty of the
