THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN C. RIVES, WASHINGTON, D. C.
Thirty-Fourth Congress, 1st Session.
TUESDAY, JULY 22, 1856.
New Series....No. 105/'
word, more in the way of personal explanation
on this matter than anything else. I shall vote
for this bill. I stated the other day that I should
have desired to vote for McCormick's bill, but
our Legislature had instructed my colleague and
myself to vote against the renewal of all patents.
Upon referring to the terms of the instructions,
which, on such a subject, I felt inclined to obey,
though not generally yielding to the power of a
Legislature to instruct its Senators on all sub-
jects, I found them toapply to cases only in which
the patent had already been once renewed, and
renewed by the Commissioner, and instructing
us to vote against all further renewals by legisla-
tive action. If I had remembered thfe exact
terms of the instructions the other day I should
have voted for McCormick's bill. This bill
appears to me to have every possible merit which
an application of this kind ever can have. I can
conceive no objection to it; and I must say that,
while I should feel disposed, and be glad to do
anything I could to give McCormick a chance to
have his application for a renewal tried afresh——-
Mr. BROWN. Here is the application on my
motion, and 1 am going to bring it to a test-
Mr. BENJAMIN. If the gentleman had al-
lowed me to finish the sentence, I was going to
appeal to him whether his motion was a generous
one. McCormick's case has been passed upon
and rejected; and I do not think it is a generous
application on the part of McCormick's friends,
to use the simile already twice referred to, to hang
this millstone around the neck of a meritorious
applicant. He has lost his application, but not
altogether, for I presume it can be renewed, and
renewed on its merits. I think this is a very dog-
in-the-manger kind of policy to injure poor Hus-
sey, if he cannot succeed himself. It is far from
obtaining him friends, and would rather induce
me to vote against his application. I admire no
such mode of proceeding, and cannot sustain it.
Mr. FISH. Mr. President, I voted last Fri-
day against the renewal of McCormick's patent,
and I shall vote also against this, perhaps with
somewhat different feelings. I admit that my
sympathies have been to some extent touched by
the claims m behalf of this applicant. I, however,
vote on principle against oil these renewals by
the Legislature. Congress has by law provided
a mode by which applicants who consider them-
selves not sufficiently indemnified during the first
term of fourteen years granted, may obtain an
extension. If they fail, it is not the fault of the
Jaw; it is their own fault. But I am opposed to
these applications to Congress, with all the ap-
pliances which they bring about them, the con-
sumption of time, and other things.
I have, however, another objection against
voting for this particular application. The Legis-
lature of my State have expressed unanimously,
and, I believe, more than once, their disapproba-
tion of the extension of this patent. The reso-
lutions were passed, I believe, unanimously, and
presented by my colleague, who probably has
forgotten the fact, inasmuch as he thought there
was nobody outside of this Hall who was not
willing to grant this legislation. The Legisla-
ture having requested me to vote specifically
against this application of Mr. Obcd Hussey, I
shall vote partly in compliance with their wishes,
though, like my friend from Louisiana, I do not
hold strictly to the doctrine of instruction; but
wherever I can I will respect the opinion of my
Legislature. Believing, therefore, that they do
not wish it extended, and believing that the whole
policy of legislative renewals of patents is wrong,
i shall vote against the bill.
Mr. BROWN. I do not understand the prop-
osition which is advanced by several Senators,
that, because a party has failed to make large
profits on his patent, he ought, therefore, to stand
better before the Senate than a man who has
made profits. I think the parties ought to stand
here on the merits of their applications, and that
you ought not to be scrutinizing as to the amount
of profits. If two men have inventions of equal
105
merit, and one has industry, skill, and perse-
verance, to make profit out of his invention, and
the other is a lazy sluggai'd and indolent fellow,
who makes nothing, is he, on account of his want
of merit, to stand on better terms before the Sen-
ate than a man who has merit? That is your
proposition, and that is all of it.
Now, so far as these original inventions are
concerned, the evidence is simply this: that Mc-
Cormick made nothing by his discovery; Hussey
made nothing by his; but McCormick, being a
man of genius, a man of pcrscvcrance and in-
dustry, went on to make improvements upon his
machine, through which improvements he made
profits. But for these improvements he has
separate and distinct patents, which are not now
before the Senate, were not before the Patent
Office, nor anywhere but in his possession.
The distinguished Senator from Kentucky
[Mr. Crittenden] says that McCormick had a
fair trial before the Patent Office board of com-
missioners, and that Hussey had not. Why
had he not ? I understand the case to be that
McCormick made application for an extension
of his patent; Hussey interposed with a plea
that he had priority of discovery; and upon that
plea of his the board ordered the taking of tes-
timony. The testimony was to be taken by
McCormick and by Hussey, each for himself.
The testimony of both was taken before the
board, and both were rejected. I do not under-
stand why one had not as much chance as the
other. McCormick's case, which has passed more
especially under my supervision, was, according
to the testimony of Commissioner Burke—and
I am only to judge from what appears on the
face of the papers—rejected on a technicality,
the technicality being that his testimony was
not taken according to the forms of law.
Gentlemen choose to draw distinctions as to
what is a technicality. 1 take it, that if a man's
testimony is ruled out of court on the ground that
it has not got the seal of the county clerk to it,
so as to show that it was properly taken, thai is
a technicality. If does not attack the credibility
of the witnesses; it does not say that the testi-
mony was not taken; but the justice of the county
is not known to be justice here: and why ? Be-
cause the county court clerk did not certify to the
fact that he was a justice of the peace. That is
one of the technicalities; but I am not going to
pursue the subject.
Now, my friend from Louisiana says he thinks
it is hardly fair for me to bring forward McCor-
mick, and ask to have his name inserted in this
bill after Hussey5s. Why, sir, whose bill is it
that you have got up here? It is McCormick's
old bill. Nothing is done to it except to strike
out the name of McCormick, and insert that of
Hussey. It is not even an original proposition
offered for Hussey; but you take up McCor-
mick's bill, vote that down, and then take the
same bill, strike out the name of McCormick, and
insert Hussey's. I am against it. I care not
what others may think, or say, or do. I am will-
ing to put them both in the same boat, and let
them sink or swim together. If you do not put
in McCormick, 1 am for scuttling the boat, and
letting Hussey down. Put in McCormick, and
I am for having the boat to float.
Mr. COLLAMER-. Mr. President, I am, like
some other gentlemen, placed in a position in
which justice to myself requires me to make a
very few remarks. I do not see how it is that
gentlemen can with propriety, according to the
facts, say thai these two cases are in any mea-
sure identical, or have any relationship to each
other. They both relate to reapers, it is true,
and that I believe is the only thing in which
there is a resemblance.
Mr. BROWN. Then how came Hussey to
interpose to prevent McCormick's application?
; Mr. COLLAMER. I believe I understand
: tolerably well the history of the transaction. I
! do not mean to say that I agree in the history
i with either gentleman; but I myself take the
history of the transaction as I understand it, and
other gentlemen take it as they understand it.
Mr. Hussey took out the first patent. I have
not in my mind the exact date.
Mr. PEARCE. December, 1833.
Mr. COLLAMER. I think Mr. McCormick's
patent was tq^en out in 1834 or 1835. The sug-
gestion made by the Senator from Mississippi,
that the board, in passing on Mr. McCormick's
application for an extension, passed on the merits
of Mr. Hussey's case, cannot be true.
Mr. BROWN. I did not say that.
Mr. COLLAMER. You said they rejected
both. They did not reject both.
Mr. BROWN. I did not say they rejected
both on the same ground.
Mr. COLLAMER. They did not reject them
at all.
Mr. BROWN. Did they extend the patent]??
Mr. COLLAMER. Mr. President, I appre-
hend any gentleman will perceive that Mr. Hus-
sey's application, if he had made one for an
extension, must have been made a year before the
other man's. When Mr. McCormick made his ap-
plication for an extension of his patent, Mr. Hus-
sey 's time for making an application had expired.
It could not be that there were two such applica-
tions before the board at once. There was but
one. Mr. Hussey's time for an application had
already expired; it had gone by. McCormick
made application for an extension. Hussey made
none then, because he could not make any. He
had undertaken to make an application before,
and he learned that he was shut out. He first ap-
plied to the Department, and he was then told
that he had better defer it to a future day. He
did defer it; and when the future day came, before
his patent expired, he went to make application,
and then he was told that by the rules of the
Department he was too late. Of course he never
made any application. It is not true, therefore,
that when McCormick's case was passed his was
passed upon too.
Mr. PUGH. I would ask the Senator where
he gets these facts ?
Mr. COLLAMER. From the report read by
the Senator himselfand by myself the other day.
Mr. PUGH. I mean to ask for the evidence. I
have no doubt the Senator from Maryland has
been assured so, and I have no doubt the Senator
from Veimont has been assured so.
Mr. COLLAMER. I understand from the
report of the committee 
Mr. PUGH. But there is no report.
Mr. PEARCE. Allow me to explain. I be-
lieve there was no report made at this session,
but two years ago a report was made, in which
all the facts were set forth, and a letter from Mr.
Ellsworth verifying them.
Mr. COLLAMER. This is the statement of
the committee, and I understand that nobody
disputes that the facts are so. If the Senator from
Ohio dispute? them, I will call up the former re-
port and read it, but the dates show that there
could not have been two applications at that time.
Then let us examine tiicse two cases separately
in their order.
What was Mr. McCormick's case. I know
that it is exceedingly difficult in a court, and more
difficult in a larger body, always to tell upon
what grounds a decision is made.. One judge will
agree to a decision for one reason, and another
for another reason, and so, probably, it is in the
Senate. I cannot say upon what ground the
Senate rejected Mr. McCormick's application. I'
can merely speak for myself, I know nothing
of the opinion of others, further than they ex-
plain them here, not by their votes, but by the
reasons assigned for them. The.Senator from
Mississippi seeks all the while to dwell upon the
fact, which is no doubt satisfactorily established
in his own mind, that "Mr. A'IcCormick was de-
feated in his application to the Patent Office, on
account of some technical objection to his testi-
mony. I understand that there is not a single
word of truth in the representation. I know the
