56
appendix to the congressional globe.
[January 9,
34th Cong....1st Sess.
Organization of the House—Mr. Bowie.
Ho. of Reps.
  : : ~ . , .,nnnt eXjst bv 11 For these reasons, sir, I am found on this floor,
slavery therein does not, and cannot, e y | as j did at home, in union with con-
SE^lT-U not be "/o construed as to
prejudice any claims of the United States or of
any particular State." It i« difficult to compre-
Speaker under its operation, bad as that would be,
and as much as I should deplore it, I think even
that would be better for the country than that
there should be, at this critical juncture of our
foreign relations, disruption of the Government
b„ no organization at all. The majority ot this
House—which, 1 believe, is of a conservative
But. sir, the Know Nothing party are anxious
to be called the American party. So far as lam eVnt'roT the actio nVf Con-
concerned, they may have any name they m y it from inflicting, by unconstitu-
hendUo \riiat theseciaims of the United States, or choose to ftncv. lWenodeS1re o rob them ge , and keep ^ ^ y ^
^any pardcular State,relate, unless it be to the of try; and even if that majority should fail in this,
territory orothe^ropertybelongingto^ieUnaed j w(u tell them, sir, that, in my — R,iil the Executive and the Senate to
tKT $
SSSfSiSSi? SSSSw clnfmTni name, and so gen-
respecting the territory or other property be
longing to the United States, relate exclusivity
themmlves, to such rules and regulations only as
may be needful for Congress to make in reference
to the disposition, preservation, and management
of such territory as the common property of all
the States; and not to a class of jaowers entirely
■political in their nature, which have for their ena ;
■only the establishment of forms of government |
for the protection and enjoyment of civil and re- ]
jigious freedom. This latter class of powers, bit,
it seems to me, will more appropriately be found
among those which were reserved by the people,
und which the framers of the Constitution never
intended should be surrendered to the Federal
Government by any portion of the people of this
country, whether living in the States or after-
acquired territories. The great straggle between
the British Crown, tinder the administration of
Lord North, and the United Colonies, as to the
right of the colonies to govern themselves in all
bases whatever, had been finally closed by the
Establishment of that great fundamental political
iruth, that man is capable of self-government;
Wid had the framers of our Constitution inserted
In that instrument any provisions inconsistent
with that great truth, to be afterwards applied or
enforced against the people of any of the States    - . y . .
m after-acquired Territories of the Union, they i this great American party, losing the necessary
would, in. my judgment, sir, have falsified every > aliment to support it, as well as the element in
. , J. < . ° , -i .  * • 1_. I: 1_: ^ « Ui«  nnt rt-f wrotni* will
oitizens, whether native-born or naturalized; ay,
sir, and that too, whether they be male or female.
Now, sir, we are all Americans; and my Know
Nothing friends, it seems to me, in adopting that
name, have lost that definite and distinctive iuca.
which ought to characterize all parties,and which
(judging from the fact that no two of them have
the same knowledge of their platform, or agree as
to its construction) they preeminent^ possessed,
in the name of Know Nothing. [Loud and pro-
tracted laughter.) And this, sir, seems to me to
be more characteristic, too, of their precise views
of the constitutional rights of American citizens,
since, in their exposition of its principles, they
seem to have entirely forgotten that Roman Cath-
olics and adopted citizens had " some rights as well
as others."
But, sir, I am willing they may have the name
of American. It will be of no service to them
where their principles are known and explained.
I think it will do them, on the contrary, infinite
harm; for their principles are so prescriptive of
the civil and religious rights of so large a portion
of American citizens, that the people will be so
easily struck with the difference, between their
principles and. their name, that they will refuse
to cooperate with them. They will find that "it
is not the feast to which they were invited;" and
principle which induced the colonies to take up
*rms in defense of their own rights to separate
and independent sovereignty. But, sir, I have
■not trme to pursue these reflections further, in
the present condition of this House. I will take
an opportunity of doing so at some other time.
A Member. My friend from Maryland has
-indicated a willingness to answer any question
that may be put to him. I ask him, how it is
that he, who fought under the Whig banner, is
oowactdng in the Democratic ranks ?
Mr. BOWIE. I feel no difficulty about that—
■none whatever. 1 am found here, sir, acting
with the Democratic' psaty because the Demo-
"craric party, in my congressional district, acted
•with the conservative portion of -lite Whigs in
maintaining the great constitutional rights of
civil and religious freedom. I was not sent
.here, sir, as a nominee of the Whig party. Un-
'fortunately for that great and glorious party,
-as it existed in theipnre days of its conservative
-nationality, there was bat T>ne county in my
district where its flag hid not been struck down
*jr a secret foe, firing from behind a masked bat-
tery. [Laughter.] Yes,>«vt, a secret political
club, oilling themselves Know Nothings, had,
•very-recently after the defeat of General Scott,
organized themselves in every part of my. con-
gressional district. In the onset, they refased to
'avow publicly their political principles; bat, ifi
the course of time, when they proclaimed hos-
tility to the political rights of Roman Catholics
and to those of naturalized American citizens,
every conservative Whig, and every conservative
Democrat in the district proclaimed hostility to
them; and under a banner having inscribed on
its folds the glorious motto of "Eqttal political
rights to all American citizens," we met them, and
defeated them. Sir, in this motto I recognized
the great and cardinal principles of the old Whig
■party; and struck down, as they had - been, by
these secret political clubs, I had the proud satis-
faction of seeing them once again restored and
brought into active life by the patriotic efforts
of the aotuuL conservative friends of civil and
religious freedom in my district.
which to live,"like a big fish out of water, will
"flap and flounder for awhile," and then die of
" premature exhaustion." [Laughter.]
Sir, I was sent here from the largest Whig dis-
trict in Maryland, with the exception perhaps of
that of my friend and colleague, [Mr. Stewart,]
for the purpoSte of uniting with Whigs and Demo-
crats in maintaining the great principles of the
Constitution. I am now here to act with them,
just as I did at home. My Whig friends at home,
went into county conventions with Democrats,
and acted harmoniously together there, and I mean
to do the same thing here; and, sir, I shall be the
last man to desert them. Though their mode of
procedure may not correspond precisely with my
own vie ws, still'until they release me from my obli-
gations in Caucus in reference to the organization
of this House, as an honorable man I will fight
under their banner, if it be even unto death. ButI
do confess, sir, I cannot approve of this starving
arrangement, [laughter;] I do not approve of it,
because I believe that the Black Republicans will
beat us all—Whigs, Democrats, and Know Noth-
ings combined—two to one, at that game; and 1
do not see that any good can come from it.
I must say, in all candor, and in a spirit of just
we have still the Executive .
check the course of any legislation, the tendencies
of which might be dangerous to the perpetuity
of the Union. . ,
Sir, the country has never been m so distracted
a condition before, and I think the people of the
country ought to know the real condition of parties
on this floor. It is but too manifest that the gi eat
design of the Republican party of the North is
to cut down the political power of the South, and
by the aid of southern Know Nothingism they
hope to distract the southern States on the ques-
tion of the next presidency; while at the North
they will present an undivided front in favor of
what thfty call the national principle of freedom.
Sir, in this respect they will have a great advan-
tage over the southern States. We cannot get
Mr. Banks, their candidate for Speaker, to say
here on this floor that he belongs to the American
! Order, but he docs not hesitate to avow that he
belongs to the so-called Republican party. The
so-called Republicans of the North are united,
while the southern men, who are fighting for the
Constitution of their country and for their own
firesides and institutions, are to be allowed to
divide upon the question of Native Americanism
and Roman Catholicism. Sir, let me appeal to
that southern, as well as northern, band of pa-
triots known as Americans—for I must believe
they are patriots, though I think they are mis-
guided—to stand with us, and to unite with us
upon the true principles of the Federal Constitu-
' tion in regard to the great and paramount question
of the power of the Federal Government over the
institution of slavery. This is far more vital than
any question you can raise in reference to the
amendment of our naturalization laws; for that,
I understand, is now the only real question
upon which the true American party stands, as a
national organization. And I am free to confess,
that it is a question about which the best and
wisest men have differed, and may still continue
to differ, as a mere matter of governmental policy,
without the patriotism of either being doubted., or
! in the smallest degree questioned. Sir, these are
interesting questions to be sure, but they strike
no chord in our hearts which vibrates with sounds
of national disunion. They bring no tears to the
eye of the patriot when brooding over the broken
fragments of a ruined country; they send forth
no strains of martial music inciting fanatical hosts
to civil strife or servile war. No, sir; no. There
are no  uch bloody spectre# as these " starting
up in the way before us" when contemplating
simply a change in the naturalization laws of the
country; but let this Congress attempt to strike
down the constitutional rights'of the South, then
you and I and all of us will strike, though bloody
treason flourish over us. Come, then, ye patri-
otic Americans, and join your hands and your
. hearts with ours, ana help us to save the Union
deference to the opinions of others, that, in my .j and the States. By uniting with us, an organi-
opinion, some change must be resorted to in the j zation of this House can be effected, and peace
party tactics of the House before an organization : and tranquillity once more restored to an already
can be accomplished. I tell gentlemen that the . too much distracted country.
.people of this country are looking upon our action | And now, my countrymen of the North and
here with fear and trembling. And well theymay; the West, mast I appeal to you in vain? Have
for we are in fact'in a state of revolution; and; you thus obstinately made up your minds to
there is no way to get out of it except by an or- ) "place upon the hazard of the die" so great and
ganization of this House. I believe that there glorious a Union as rifew binds together the stare
is a majority here in favor of the principles of
non-intervention by Congress on the subject of
domestic slavery in the Territories. That ma-
jority ought to be brought together in some mode
of conciliation; for it must be admitted that no
other question is half so vital to the preservation
of the Union, or to the domestic tranquillity of
the people. If this is found to be impracticable,
then I should be willing, as a last resort, to adopt
the plurality rule; and if the Black Republicans
should succeed in electing their candidate for
and stripes of a flag which has never trailed in
the hour of danger? Can you deliberately mar
and blight so fair a portion of God's heritage
as this our beloved country ? Do you seriously
contemplate a dismemberment of this Union ? If
so, in the name of Heaven, and by the justice of
an offended God, I pronounce you traitors to
your God anji to your country. Oh! if you are
really anxious to preserve this Union, and will
only exhibit and develop those principles of the
human heart by your actions and your conduct
