1855.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
67
subsequent to the-election of many members of
this House? and is it not possible that there may
be gentlemen upon this floor now holding their
seats in defiance of the public sentiment in the
districts they profess to represent? Take your
time; work it out leisurely, and let us know the
result when you have ascertained it.
I was alluding to the position which we occu-
pied, and to what is demanded of us by our friends.
If these principles, embodied in their oaths and
obligations, do not bind any Representative on this
lioor connected with the national American or-
ganization, then the resolution passed by the
Democratic caucus constitutes no impediment in
the way of their giving their support to the nomi-
nee of that party. Jf they do, however, defend
and approve these principles, then I ask them
with what justice and with what propriety can
they call on us to withdraw our congratulations
to the country, when they refuse to take back the
obnoxious principles over which the triumph I
have alluded to has been gained? As desirable
as the organization of this House may be to thu
Democratic party, as desirable as it may be to a
large majority oi* the people of the country that
the organization shall fall into our hands, I say
frankly and candidly to my friends of the national
Amcncan order, that a Democratic organization
of this House never will be purchased, with my
vote, by the sacrifice of the principles involved in
the resolution passed by the Democratic caucus.
Three great principles are illustrated, or fore-
shadowed, by that resolution: the rights of the
States; freedom of conscience; and the rights of
the foreign-born citizcn. When war ceases by
the Republican party, as they term themselves,
on the first principle, and when war ceases on the
two latter ones by the American party, it will be
time then to consider the necessity of urging these
issues longer before the country. When that
time arrives, we shall not only be in Georgia and
in the South, but throughout this broad land, one
people, expressing one voice and one sentiment.
Every man in v  hose bosom beats a patriotic and
national heart, would hail such an epoch with
sincere gratification. I entertain no hope that
this so-called Republican or Free-Soil party will,
by any action of theirs, facilitate such a result.
There are elements in the other organization to
which an appeal can be made with stronger hopes
for a patriotic response. Let them remove the
barriers which their test oaths and proscriptive
doctrines have erected between them and the
Democratic party, and the work of consolidating
the entire national sentiment of the country m
one party is accomplished. We shall stand a
firm, united, and invincible phalanx, under the
proud banner of the national Democracy.
One objection made to our course is, that the
gentleman from Illinois [Mr. Richardson*] is the
nominee of the Democratic party, and we arc
asked to withdraw him and to unite in the election
of another man. In other words, there being no
personal objection to the candidate of the Demo-
cratic party, and there being 110 political objection
to him which does not equally apply to every
member of that party, we are asked to give our
votes to another candidate. For what purpose?
There can be but two purposes: one is to aban-
don the principles upon which we have stood—I
have disposed of thai; and the other is to waive
the Democratic oiganization. To-day, though
reduced m numbeis on this floor, that party occu-
pies before the country perhaps a prouder position
than it ever did before. My southern friends, do
you ask me to abandon the Demoe \itic organisa-
tion in the hour in which, purged of the last Free-
Sod sentiment that disturbed its harmony and
destroyed its power and usefulness, n is entering
:m a new career of triumph of Democratic and
constitutional freedom? 1 cannotrespond to your
request. Believing, as I do m my honest judg-
ment, that the best interest of this country, if not
its very existence, depends on the preservation
of the national Democratic party, I will never
abandon that organization as long as the banner
which floats over it has inscribed upon its fold the
principles to which I am m body and mind thor-
oughly and unfalteringly devoted now and forever.
But, sir, some representatives of the national
American party have expressed feelings and sen-
timents by no manner of means m accordance
with the feehngs and views presented by my
friend from Alabama, [Mr. Walker,] who
opened the debate on this question. ' My friend
from Kentucky [Mr. Humphrey Marshall]
llutterly repudiated the idea that we should unite
and cooperate together in the organization of this
House. He has nailed his banner to the mast,
it is his will to stand or fall by it. Be it so. But
it is ungenerous for them to quarrel with me
for a devotion to my banner, when they them-
selves are prepared to fall or to triumph by their
own. The honorable gentleman from Kentucky,
his colleague, [Mr. Cox,] invites us not only to
abandon our organization and our principles, but
to unite with him in the election of the candidate
for whom he has cast his vote.
Mr. COX. The gentleman will pardon me.
He is mistaken about my naming any individual
for whom we shall cast our votes.
Mr. COBB. 1 supposed that it would be for
a gentleman of the gentleman's party.
Mr. COX. Certainly it would be. The gen-
! tleman will allow me to say a word in explana-
i tion. I trust that I never was understood as
1 inviting the Democratic party to abandon a single
j one of their principles. I never did so, and never
; will. I told the gentlemen on that side of the
j House that it was impracticable for me, with all
the southern men of the American party, to elect
a Democrat; but I had no authority to say that,
if I desired it, I could carry them with me. 1
said, however, that a man of that party could be
elected if the Democrats would support him.
They might vote for him under protest.
Mr. COBB. 1 would rather embody my pro-
: test in my vote. It demands fewer explana-
tions, and isl more acceptable to the country. I
thought that the gentleman asked me to cast my
vote for the gentleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr.
Fcller;] he says now for some member of his
party. I will say frankly and candidly to the
gentleman from Kentucky, that if this House
were never to be organized without it, my vote
would never be given for the representative of any
party which has inscribed on its banner the
doctrine of these oaths and obligations; and I
should regret extremely, apart from that consid-
eration, to cast my vote for the gentleman from
Pennsylvania, because, in the act of doing it,
there would rise up before me the ghost of the
murdered Wrigiit,* who, by that gentleman's
constituency, and by his aid and cooperation, was
stricken down, because he gave his vote for the
Kansas-Nebraska bill, which my friend from
Pennsylvania says he would have voted against,
if he had been a member.
Mr. COX. Will the gentleman from Georgia,
as he addresses his remarks to me, allow me to
make one remark? It is this: he declares that,
on account of the proscriptive character of the
obligations of the American party, he never will
vote for a member of that party, i leave it to j:
the country to determine whether he has pro- i|
1 scribed that party himself,or whether ornot they ;i
are the proscribers. I say that to save my coun- i|
try I will take a good man, I care not to what:
party he belongs. [Applause in the galleries.] ;
Mr. COBB. I cannot save my country by-!
voting for a man who does not recognize the ,j
fundamental principles of the Constitution of my ji
country. It may be but an honest difference of ji
opinion; and whilst 1 cheerfully yield toothers |
the right of entertaining their own opinions in :
their own way, 1 shall certainly exercise the jj
same right of judging of the best mode of mam-!'
taining tuy own. In this case J have sufficiently n
indicated both the piinciples I hold, and the ii
mode by which 1 shall vindicate then. The sal-i1
vation of the country is hot to be secured in that i,
way. !;
1 have not risen to go into a wide discussion of ;;
those principles which have been brought before
1 the House, but I did flel that silence longer would ;
be unjustifiable, when from eve: y quarter I heard (:
these assaults made upon the Democratic party,:!
and that party held responsible for the want of or-
ganization. 1 will nut now go into a discussion -l
' of principles outsid" of those looking to the ques- ^
tion of the responsibility for the organization of !
the House, but at the proper time I do desire to 1
be heard before this House upon the principles1;
* Mr* Wright was a member of the !a-t Congress, a>
national Uemoeiat, and voted fur the Nebraska bill, and,
was defeated tor reelection by Mr. FeLLi-it. the American !
caiJihuat.: iur >SjKjdi,.er. >
of the Kansas-Nebraska bill, and upon the differ-
ences which exist in the Democratic party in re-
ference to it. I trust I shall be able to show at
that time that, although there do exist differences
of opinion upon abstract points, yet that, on
the great, leading, practical idea contained in the
bill, there is but one voice and one sentiment
in the Democratic party. Adopt what theory
you please; carry out what views you please,
entertained by gentlemen of the Democratic party-
varying from each other, they all come at last to
the great practical point, that the will of the peo-
ple of the territory shall control and decide the
question of slavery, and that I shall attempt to
elucidate before this House at the proper time.
My object now simply is to speak of the organ-
ization and the difficulties attending that organ-
ization. I have given my own views, and justi-
fied my own conduct in reference to the past, and
it will justify my conduct in the future. I am
upon tne line which duty and my principles havo
marked out to me, and I shall continue upon that
line to the closing scenes of this drama.
Mr. FOSTER obtained the floor.
Mr. WHEELER. I would like to ask the
gentleman from Georgia, who has just taken hist
seat, a single question.
Mr. COBB. I do not wish to interfere with
the time of my colleague. We all know, from
what has occurred here, that these questions,
when propounded, lead to debate, and thus, per-
haps, half a dozen speches arc inserted in one
gentleman's speech. I should prefer not to in-
terfere with my colleague's time.
Mr. WHEELER. Well, if the gentleman pre-
fers not to answer the question, I will not put it.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio. Will the gentle-
man from Georgia, who has the floor, allow me
to ask a question of his colleague?
Mr. WHEELER. What I wanted to know
was, if the gentleman from Georgia held the opin-
ions he has to-day expressed when lie supported
the Whia; paity of Georgia?
Mr. CAMPBELL. 1 desire to propound one
question.
Mr. COBB. I did notliear the gentleman from.
New York, [Mr. Wiikelfr.]
Mr. WHEELER. I would like to ask the
gentleman if he has not changed his opinions
since he united with the Whig party of Georgia,
in opposition to the Democratic party, and was
elevated by them to offices of trust and profit ?
Mr. COBB. Not in the least.
Mr. WHEELER. That is all. [Laughter.]
Mr. COBB. The question propounded by the
gentleman from New York shows that he doea
not understand the history of that question; and,
before he makes a point upon it, I would advise
him, as a matter of prudence and discretion, to
study n. [Laughter, and cries of u Good.'5]
Mr. WHEELER. 1 thank the gentleman for
his advice; but would it not have been as well
for him to have explained his position when he
was attacking national men ?
Mr. COBB. It would not, for the simple rea-
son, that it n^eds no explanation with those who
understand it, and those who do not understand
it have no right to expect any. [Laughter.]
Mr. WHEELER. Very satisfactory. [Much
lane liter. j
Mr. COBB. I am very happy that it is so.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I'desire to inquire of the
gentleman from Georgia why he charges the one
hundred and six ceii'.jenieu who have voted for
the honorable member from Massachusetts [Mr.
Banks] with entertaining principles adverse t< 
the Constitution? is it because we claim the
right und«r the Constitution of our country to
exclude slavery from the common territory of
the Government? is tli.it it1
Mr. COBB. My reply now will be a very
short one.
Mr. CAMPBELL. In other words, does the
gentleman consider what is commonly called I he
Wilmot proviso a violation of the Oonstitutiuii
of tho Tinted Stag's?
Mr. COBB. "Whenever I have the floor- 
Mr. CAMPBELL. You can K-i ve it now.
Mr. C'OriB —and the gentleman from Ohio
sees proper to propound ihat question to me
with unlimited control of the floor, to speak as
long as may be necessary to answer his ques-
tion, I will reply with great pleasure. I perceive
. that the g^mioman has been reading the Con-
