THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 21,
•gressioTial Globe containing the debates -which
occurred heretofore. I should judge so, at least,
us he commences his inquiries with the same
question that I have heretofore answered upon
this floor. I want no better justification for the
•position which I have assumed, that a party of
gentlemen are warring upon the Constitution
and rights of the States, than I find in the fact
that the sentiments' defended by the gentleman
himself seem to meet with a response upon the
part of the gentlemen who are associated with
iiim.
Mr. CAMPBELL. What gentlemen?
Mr. COBB. By those with whom the gen-
tleman has acted from day to day.
- Mr. CAMPBELL. We claim here the right,
under the Constitution, to exclude slavery from
the common -Territories of the Government. I
understand the gentleman to charge, that in this
respect we violate the principles of the Constitu-
tion, and I submit to this House and to the coun-
try, whether, after having made that charge, as
he has this morning, the question which I put to
him is not legitimate.
The honorable gentleman tells me he perceives
that I have been reading the Congressional Globe.
More than that, let me tell him; I have been read-
ing the Journals of Congress, and I discover
there that he has an opinion upon this great con-
stitutional question. I think I am entitled to his
opinion now.
Mr. COBB. I entertain no doubt upon the
subject. Do you want to bring me to my vote
upon the Oregon bill?
Mr. CAMPBELL. I do not wish to bring
you to your vote upon the Oregon bill alone, but
if yon charge me with sectionalism, and a dis-
position to violate the Constitution of my coun-
try because I maintain that Congress has power
to exclude slavery from the Territories, I am
prepared to justify myself by the highest au-
thority known to this Government, and to fortify
myseif by the action, hitherto, of the gentleman
from Georgia himself. The gentleman will allow
me to refer him to his past record, so that he may
be a little more guarded in future in making
chargcs against those one hundred and six hon-
orable members of this House, as being- faithless
to the Constitution; and also, by way of vindi-
cating the position we intend to maintain. I
have been learning some lessons from the wis-
dom of the honorable gentleman in past times,
and I hope we may learn more in future.
Ill 184ti, there was a question before this body
of vast consequence to our country. It was the
annexation of Texas; and pending that proposi-
tion here, a provision, upon the motion of the
honorable Senator from Illinois, [Mr. Douglas,]
was introduced, which I will road. I take it for
granted that, m that Congress, members, before
they voted, were sworn to support the Constitu-
tion. This is the proviso:
<l Jlntl in stu/h Strife or Slrrta rtfs shrill he formed out of
fiaid Territory, north of said Missouri compromise line,
slavery or in voluntary servitude (except for dimes) shall be
■prohibited*""
Now, Mr. Clerk, I submit to the House and
to the.country that this provision does not sim-
ply claim for Congress the jurisdiction of this
question and place the restriction over the Terri-
tory, but it goes far beyond that. It provides that
when the squatters or the sovereigns thereof
shall form a State constitution—when they shall
bo ready to come into the Union as an independent
sovereignty—they shall not thejn have the right
to tolerate slavery.
Now, I do not rise for the purpose of making
a speech, by any means, but for the purpose of
repelling the gentleman's assault with his own
vote. In the record of that vote, I find from the
State of Georgia the name of the distinguished
gentleman whom wo have just heard speak re-
corded in the affirmative.
I have said thus much, not with a view of going
into debate, for I have heretofore said I shoul2
not do that unless some question arose in which
my own reputation as a member of this body
was involved. The charge of sectionalism and
a disposition to violate the Constitution, which
I have sworn to support, having been made
against those with whom I have been acting, I
felt bound to vindicate myself thus far, and in
this way.
- As to this matter of Americanism, I will attend i
to it at the proper time. I stand ready to defend
all the leading characteristic principles of that
organization. But the time has not yet arrived!
There may be a difficulty in reference to this
matter of slavery, 'there may be some trouble
upon the subject of agitation and silent acquies-
cence, Which the future will remedy Before I
take my seat, however, I will say to the honor-
able gentleman from Kentucky, [Mr. Humphrey
Marshall,] who seems to claim the right to read
out of that organization every man who will not
pledge himself against agitation upon this ques-
tion, that I regard free thought and free discus-
sion upon all great questions as the vital idea of
true American independence; and I would rather
make myself physically his abject slave for life,
than to enslave my thoughts and yield my right
as a member of the American Congress to free,
full, and fair discussion.
Mr. HUMPHREY MARSHALL, The gen-
tleman will allow me to say that I do not, to use
his own elegant and eloquent language, assume
that gentlemen should come here with padlocks
upon their mouths, nor do 1 ask that members
of the American party shall not entertain and
express what sentiments they choose; but, sir, I
speak of the American party as a political or-
ganization, and I say I do not recognize any per-
sons as belonging to that political organization,
which has published to this country a set of sen-
timents upon a particular subjcct, unless those
persons subscribe to those sentiments. The gen-
tleman might as well, it seems to me, call all these
Republicans, Democrats, as call tliein Ameri-
cans; and he would come much nearer to the
mark, in fact, than by identifying with the Ameri-
can party those who enter this Hall with a set
of principles which he cannot discuss, which he
cannot enforce without a violation of that prin-
ciple which declares that they are willing to rest
upon the laws as they exist, for the purpose of
avoiding agitation.
Mr. COBB, of Georgia. The views presented
by the gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Campbell] in
respect to my record are perfectly familiar to us.
He has discussed them often.
Mr. CAMPBELL. No doubt of it.
Mr. COBB. I have received assaults in rela-
tion to that record, and I have defended my action
to my own satisfaction, and to the satisfaction of
my constituents, and I shall in this Congress re-
peat my defense if it be necessary.
Mr. CAMPBELL. The gentleman will now
understand what I desired to show—that, if we
propose to violate the Constitution, we have an
example for doing so.
Mr. FOSTER. I rise, Mr. Clerk, not with a
view of making a speech. I felt inclined, a few
days ago, to seek the floor, not to make a speech,
but to present a proposition by which I supposed
we would be able to organize the House. Since
that time I have had no anxiety to get the floor;
and it was as far from my expectation this morn-
ing, when I came into the Hall, that I should be
to-day on my feet for the purpose of addressing
the House, as anything could possibly be. I
feel, however, called upon to say a few words in
reply to the speech of my honorable colleague
[Mr. Cobb] who has just taken his seat; and I
promise the House that I will not be tedious; I
do not intend to spread out my remarks. I am
not going to argue at length upon any question,
but to present my views very briefly on some of
the points made by my colleague. I would pre-
mise, however, that it did occur to me, from day
to day, while we were balloting here for presiding
officer of this House, that we were acting like
children. There was something asserted on this
floor which, I believe, is not true, to wit: "That
the Opposition was in the majority." You have
frequently heard that declaration made on this
floor. They soy the Opposition is in the major-
ity; and why does not the Opposition organize
the House? Now I ask the question, opposition
to what? Is it to the present Administration?
Do I understand gentlemen to assert that every
man in this House who casts his vote for the
nominee of the Democratic party indorses the
present Administration ? Am I so to understand
it? If I am not, then it is not to the Administra-
tion that we stand in opposition. To what is it,
then, that we stand in opposition? Is it to the
principles embraced in the Kansas-Nebraska bill?
Be it so. Taking that, then, as the test, I deny
that we have had any'demonstration that there is,
on this floor, a majority in opposition to the prin-
ciples, of that bill. Where has it been demon-
strated ? Has the gentleman from Massachusetts,
[Mr. Banks,] who represents the anti-Nebraska
feeling on this floor, been enabled, as yet, to get
a majority of votes? Havo you 'not heard the
call made, day after day, for all the anti-Nebraska
men to meet, with a view of taking measures to
organize the House? And yet they have been
unable to effect an organization. But, if any
demonstration has been made on this subject, it
is that a majority of the House are in favor of
the principles of the Kansas-Nebraska bill; that
is, if we can understand what these principles
are. And now I come to that point.
I confess, Mr. Clerk, that one difficulty with
me has been—and it has been maintained here
to-day—that the Democratic party have put them-
selves on a measure and not on a great principle.
Why on a measure? Was it that there were
certain tender-footed men who would not come
up to the great principle—as we understand it—•
embraced in that bill ? Then if the object were
to wash that party of all uncleanness, let them
lay down the great principle as a principle, and
call upon every man to stand up, not to a meas-
ure, but to a principle; that is what we want.
And, Mr. Clerk, it has been made apparent here
to-day—I did not bring it up, bmt it came up
on this floor—that the Kansas-Nebraska bill is
understood in one place to mean one thing, and
in another place to mean another thing. And
when the gentleman asks me to come up and
meet him on a principle, and stand together in
the organization of this House, I want it to be
a principle which speaks the same language in
Massachusetts as it speaks in Louisiana. I want
it to speak the same language everywhere, all over
this Union: and if so, I may come up and stand
with him on that principle. But, Mr. Clerk, I
did believe, and I take occasion to say here, I
never had any difficulty in understanding for
myself what were the principles embraced in the
Kansas-Nebraska bill. I do not want gentlemen
to understand me as objecting to the bill, or to
the verbiage or language of the bill. That is not
the objection. I do not care how good the bill
may be, how well drawn it may be, how well it
defines itself. It is not a principle. There is the
difficulty. I object to making it a test—not only
that, but any bill. I object to making a test on
any measure, because gentlemen can take that
measure, and may say it means one thing in one
place, and means something else in anotherplace.
But when you come to a great principle, then it
speaks the same language in all places, and is
understood by all men alike; and then you can
come together face to face, and understand one
another. And I insist just here, that before gen-
tlemen get up and read me out because I cannot
come up to what they insist, they should be clear
as to what they go on. If they insist on a prin-
ciple, let them lay down that principle in so many
words.
But again: the gentleman [Mr. Cobb, of Geor-
gia] says that he objects not to the national
American party going in with his party. And
be it remarked that the other day a gentleman,
[Mr. Jones, of Pennsylvania,] denning what was
meant by the resolution offered and passed in the
Democratic cairous, said we ought to take no ex-
ception to that resolution. He was willing to
take us—how? You must not only (said he)
abandon your organization, but come in as Dem-
ocrats—you must not only abandon the organ-
ization you have already joined, but you must
come in penitent, and with ropes around your
necks; and then we are willing to accept you
as Democrats, and to act with you, and then we
can effect an organization. Well, we object to
this. But the gentleman says that is not what he
means; that is not what the resolution means.
We only intended to declare that we could hold
no communion with men who are in favor of
civil and religious proscription; and he says
i that if we are not in favor of civil and religious
i proscription we are not included in that resolu-
! tion. Nov/ what may have been the object of
these men in adopting that resolution is not for
me to say; but, by the language of the resolu-
tion, they not only congratulate themselves and
the country upon the triumph of the principles
of the Kansas and Nebraska act in divers States
