1855.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
69
in the Union, but they go on to congratulate
themselves upon their triumph over the secret or-
ganization called the Know IN othing party. They
charge us, then, by name with holding opinions
hostile to civil and religious freedom. The diffi-
culty would not have been insurmountable if
they had not called us by name. But, sir, when
they call me by name, and tell me that I hold
doctrines hostile to civil and religious freedom, I
ask them to take back the charge, or not expect
me to hold communion with them. They may
congratulate themselves as much as they please
upon the success of their principles. Nobody
objects to that. But I doobjcct to their charging
me with sentiments that I do not hold. I did
not have the honor to meet my colleague upon
the stump in my district during the last canvass.
It might not have been a very great pleasure to
have met him, but still I should have been happy
to have discussed this question with him.
A Member. He did not come there, did he?
Mr. FOSTER. He was in the district once
or twice, I believe.
Mr. COBB, of Georgia. It is true I did not
meet my colleague in his district. I regiut that
I did not meet him, and have the opportunity to
ask him a question that I did ask a good many
of those holding the same politicnl sentiments as
he holds, namely: whether he had not subscribed
to the oaths I just read? I should like to ask
my colleague that question now.
Mr. FOSTER. What oaths?
Mr. COBB. The oaths which I just read to
the House.
Mr. FOSTER. I do not recollect what those
oaths were. For the sake of argument, however,
I am willing to admit that the American party do
take oaths, obligations, or whatever you may
please to call them, that embrace in substance
what has been read by my colleague; and I
assure my colleague that at some suitable time,
when the House is organized, and has not much
else 011 its hands, I shall be willing to discuss
with him the question of the propriety of taking
such obligations; bul not now. [Loud cries of
"Call the roll!"]
Mr. BENNETT, of Mississippi, obtained the
floor, but yielded it to
Mr. McMULLIN, who moved that the House
adjourn.
Several Voices. Don'tadjourn until we have
taken one vote.
Mr. SAGE and others called for the yeas and
nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. McMULLIIST. I withdraw the motion.
Mr. ENGLISH. I understand that the gen-
tleman from Mississippi, [Mr. Bennett,] who
has the floor, desires th.it the House shall adjourn.
As a matter of courtesy to him, I renew the
motion of the gentleman from Virginia, that the
House do now adjourn.
Mr. STANTON demanded the yeas and nays,
but they were not ordered—ayes 32, noes 131.
Mr. STANTON. I demand tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Chaffee
and Vail appointed.
The question was then taken; and the tellers
reported—ayes 102, noes 96.
So the motion was agreed to.
And thereupon Cat half past three o'clock
the House adjourned till to-morrow at twelve
o'clock, m.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Saturday, December 22, 1855.
The House met at twelve o'clock, m.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
QUESTION OF ORDER.
The CLERK. The gentleman from Missis-
sippi [Mr. Bennett] is entitled to the floor.
Mr. BENNETT. Mr. Clerk, I claim the kind
indulgence of the House while I shall very reluct-
antly attempt to offer a few remarks in relation
to the questions which have been presented to
our consideration.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. I ask the gen-
tleman from Mississippi to yield to me for a
moment. I wish to say that I have no purpose
of interrupting the gentleman in the course of the
remarks which he is to make; but I do desire to
give notice that when he shall have concluded his
speech, 1 will raise a question of order. I will
now state my question of order. I do not ask
that the Clerk will now decide it, or that he will
ihput it to the House. It is this: That until the
^^organization of the House by the choice of a
Speaker, no debate is in order.
A Voice. Under what rule is the question
raised s
Mr. FLORENCE. The gentleman from Maine
is very clever; after he has had a full opportunity
of presenting his own views on matters which
have been brought to the attention of the House,
he coolly asks an organization without further
debate, and without the least chance afforded to
other gentlemen who may desire it to explain
their position. I have been making efforts for
several days to obtain the floor, but as yet have
been unsuccessful. I want to correct the history
of some gentlemen in reference to Pennsylvania
politics. I desire to set forth what in my judg-
ment is the comparative positions of the great
parties of that State on the slavery, or the Kansas-
IS ebraska question; and to also refer to the ground
taken respectively by the members of the Amer-
ican and the Democratic party. I have not had
an opportunity for that purpose, and until I am
allowed to do so I shall oppose all questions of
order which shall have for their object the cutting
off of all further debate. It is not fair to have
only one half of a subject set before the House.
Mr. WASHBURN. My friend from Penn-
sylvania has occupied, I think, as much of the
time of the House as I have. It is not my pur-
pose to interfere with the remarks which the
gentleman from Mississippi proposes to make,
but when he shall have concludcd, I give notice
that I shall raise the question of order which 1
have stated.
Mr. FLORENCE. My purpose is a charita-
ble one. I desire to put gentlemen correctly on
the record. I hope that the question of order,
when raised, may meet with an adverse decision.
A Voice. It will be voted down.
Mr. FLORENCE. I hope so.
Mr. BENNETT here took the floor, and ad-
dressed the House in remarks which were with-
held for revision. [The speech will be published
in the Appendix.]
Mr. QUITMAN. 1 ask my colleague, before
he takes his seat, to allow me the floor for the
purpose of presenting the resolution of which I
gave notice the other day.
Mr. BENNETT. 1 will yield to my colleague
now for that purpose.
Mr. QUITMAN. I have no wish, Mr. Clerk,
to stand in the way of any member in this House
who desires to address the House. When I
asked the floor of my colleague, I did not do it
with the intention of making any remarks myself,
but for the purpose of presenting the resolution
of which 1 gave notice the other day, in reference
to the limit of debate, and which then seemed to
receive favor from the House. [Cries of4' That's
right!" '-Let's have it!"]
Mr. QUITMAN. I would remark that I am
informed that the mover of the resolution that is
now on the Clerk's table is willing to withdraw
it. If not, I will ask the permission of the
House to offer mine as a substitute for the reso-
lution offered by the gentleman from Alabama,
[Mr. Smith.] i present this resolution, not for
the purpose of suppressing debate—God forbid !
I am prepared to meet gentlemen upon every
question that properly comes before this House,
i come here not to ask of gentlemen of the Op-
position the suppression of any opinions they
may entertain, or that their constituents may
support them in. I come here to meet extreme
opinions, whatever they may be. Let them be
uttered—let them go to the world; let us and our
constituents know what they arc, and the extent
to which they go.
But, before they arc discussed, I desire to see
this House organized, that the debate upon these
momentous questions, upon which the safety
and prosperity of the country depends, may
be conducted with that parliamentary decorum
which cannot be expected in the present condi-
tion of the House. I consider that there are now
but two proper subjects for discussion by the
j House, in its unorganized condition. One is as
to the responsibility that must rest upon the re-
spective parties in the House, and the oilier, the
explanation of the position which gentlemen per-
sonally may occupy. For myself, I have no per-
sonal explanation to make. Every man knows
my position. My desire in presenting this reso-
lution, then, is to restore order here, and for the
purpose of confining debate to its legitimate
sphere. I therefore propose my resolution as a
substitute for the resolution of the gentleman
from Alabama.
Mr. WASHBURNE,of Illinois. I understand
that there is no proposition before the House. I
ask the Clerk if I am not right?
The CLERK. Thcfe is no proposition before
the House. The resolution presented by the gen-
tleman from Alabama fell by the adjournment of
the House.
Mr. QUITMAN. I then present the following
as an original proposition:
Rtbolved, That until the oiganization of the by the
election of Speaker, no member shall occupy more than
ten minutes m debate ; nor shall any member speak more
than once upon any question before the House, until every
member de&trmg to speak shall have been hoard.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. I usk'the gen-
tleman from Mississippi if he will not consent
also to embody in his proposition another one—
that upon a motion to lay on the table there shall
be no debate; so that it may be within the control
of the House to stop debate upon any question
when the majority shall desire it?
Mr. QUITMAN. I accept that as an amend-
ment to my resolution.
Mr. BRICNTON. I ask the gentleman from
Mississippi if he will not consent so to modify his
resolution as to cut off all debate upon any propo-
sition?
Mr. LETCHER. I would inquire if it is de-
signed that the resolution shall extend hack to the
commencement of the session, and cut down all
the speeches we have been listening to for the
last two weeks, to ten minutes each ? [Laughter.]
Mr. BRENTON. Does the gentleman from
Mississippi accept my proposition ?
Mr. QUITMAN. I cannot.
The question was then taken; and the resolu-
tion, as modified, was adopted.
Mr. STANTON. I do not propose to occupy
the ten minutes to which I am entitled under the
resolution which the House has just adopted.
The CLERK. The Clerk must interrupt the
gentleman from Ohio. The gentleman from Mis-
sissippi [Mr. Bennett] was upon the floor, and
only yielded it for the purpose of allowing the
resolution which has just been adopted, to be
presented. The gentleman fiom Mississippi is
therefore entitled to the floor if he desires further
to continue his remarks.
Mr. BENNETT at this point made some fur-
ther remarks, which he has withheld for revision,
and which will anpear in the Appendix.
Mr. STANTON. Mr. Clerk, I do not rise for
the purpose of occupying the ten minutes which
I am allotted under the rule. 1 believe that there
has already been too much debate; I believe that
its continuance can m no way be useful to the
House; and I therefore rise for the purpose of
offering a resolution which seems to mc to furnish
the only practicable means of securing on organi-
zation. In offering the resolution I put myself
on the precedent of 1840, when a similar con-
dition of things existed, and when the House
was organized by the election of a Speaker by a
plurality vote. 1 apprehend that there will be no
difficulty about the constitutional question. I
apprehend there will be no difficulty about the
power of the House.
The Constitution provides* that the House
shall choose a Speaker, and it authorizes the
House to make rules and regubilions for the gov-
ernment of its pjocecdmgs. This House in its
present condition is a House within the meaning
of the constitutional provision. It has been so
recognized from the day we met till this time.
You, sir, called the roll. The gentleman from
Tennessee [Mr. Jones] moved that the Hoitsc
proceed viva voce to elect a Speaker. When the
proper time arrived, it was moved that the House
adjourn. The House met, and your minutes
recited that the Ilonseh ad done this, that, and the
other, and that the Howe met pursuant to ad-
journment. I say, therefore, that in the minutes
of the proceedings, in common parlance, and by
every rule of construction, this House is a
House, and competent to adopt rules and regula-
tions prior to the election of a Speaker, and it is
iu&t ?s competent to make a regulation that a
