TO
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 22,
plurality shall govern', as it is to adopt a rule that
the election shall be viva voce.
Farther, sir, the Constitution also provides that
Representatives shall be chosen to the Congress
of the United States, and the mode of choosing
such Representatives may be prescribed by Con-
gress or by the State Legislatures. Now, sir, a
law passed by a State Legislature, or by this
Congress, for the election of members, is no more
a law than a rule of this J3ouse is a law to this
body. No man ever questioned that a law might
be passed authorizing a plurality to elect mem-
bers of Congress. Rules of the House, passed
in pursuance of the power conferred by the Con-
stitution, are precisely as much laws for the
government of this Mouse as those are for the
election of members. The same construction
which authorizes members to be elected by a
plurality gives us a right to pass a law or a rule
that a plurality shall elect a Speaker.
■ But, sir, there is another point. I apprehend
that there is no gentleman upon this floor wh.o
would vote to elect by a plurality who would not
feel himself bound in honor, whether it resulted
in the election of his choice or not, to vote for a
resolution declaring the person having the plu-
rality, Speaker of this House, although I believe
that to be entirely unnecessary. Being perfectly
aware that there is a great variety of opinion
upon both sides of the House touching the pro-
priety of the passage of this resolution, and that
no good can arise from debating it, I shall ask
the previous question on its passage; and I de-
mand the yeas and nays upon the previous ques-
tion. There can be no trouble about the question
of order, bccause, by the parliamentary law,
every deliberative body, when it assembles, has
a right to stop debate by the previous question.
I now demand the previous question on the
passage of the resolution; and I ask the yeas and
nays upon the previous question.
Mr. PHELPS. I move to lay the resolution
on the table.
Mr. BOCOCK. I demand the yeas and nays
upon that motion. [Cries of "Read the resolu-
tion."]
The Clerk read the resolution, which is as fol-
lows:
Resolved, That the Ifouse will now proceed to vote
viva voce for a Speaker of the Thirty-Fourth Congress, ami
the member having the highest number of votes, provided
it be a majority of a quorum, shall be declared to be clected
Speaker.
Mr. STANTON. I take it that, in the absence
of rules, 110 motion to amend or lay on the table
can be made after the previous question has been
demanded.
The CLERK. A motion to lay on the table
seems to be in order under the parliamentary law.
Mr. HOUSTON. We recognize it in the res-
olution limiting debate.
The CLERK. The resolution adopted to-day
recognizes such a motion.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was then taken; and it was de-
cided in the affirmative—yeas 114, nays 107, as
follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Aiken, Allen. Barksdalo, Bell, Henry
S. Bennett, Bocock, Boyce, Brooks, Broom. Burnett, Cad-
walader, John P. Campbell, Cariile, Caruthers, Caskie,
Bayard Clark, Chngman, Howell Cobb, Williamson 11. W.
Cobb, Cox, Oraige,Oraw'foid, Cu'hn, Davidson, If. Winter
Davis), Denver, DowdelL Dunn, Eihmindfon, Elliott, Eng-
lish, Etheridge, Eustis, Evans, Faulkner, Florence, Fo-<tei,
Henry M. Fuller, Thomas J. D. Fuller. Goode, Greenwood,
Augustus Hall, J. Moirison Hairis, Samp-son W. Harris,
Thouirw L. Harris, Ilarn^on, Havon, Horbert. Hoffman,
Houston, Jewett, George W. Jones, J.Glancy Jones, ICeitt,
Kelly. Kennett, Kidweil, Lak«\ Letcher. Lindlev, Lump-
kin. Alexander K. Mar.-biill, Humphrey IVIa^ljall, Samuel
ri. Marshal!, Maxwell, McMuliin, McCiueen, Smith Miller,
Millson, Miliword, Mooie, Mordeeai Oliver, Orr, Pamc,
Peck, Phelps, Porter, Powell, Pnngle. Pnryear, Quitman,
Readc, Ready, laeaud, Richardson, Rivers, Ruftm, Ru?t,
Sandidge, Savage, S«-ott, Seward, Shorter, Samuel A.
Smith, "William Smith, William It. Smith, Sneed, Ste-
phens, Stewart, Swope, Talbutt,Tnppe,Underwood, Vail,
Vallc, Walker, Warner, Watkin«t, Wells, Wheeler, Whit-
ney. Wirir-low, John V. Wright, and Zolheoffer— 114.
NAYS—Messrs. Albiight, Allison, Ball, Banks, Barbour,
Bmclay, Ilenrv Bennett, Benson, fiillinghursat, Bingham,
Bisnop". Bht-s, Bradshaw, Brentom Bufimgton. Burlingame,
James IL Campbell, Lewis D. Campbell, Chaffee, Ezra
Clark, dawson, Colfax, Comins, Covode, Cragin, Cum-
back. Damrcll. Timothy Davis, Day, Dean, De Witt, Dick,
Dickson, Dodd, Durfee, Edie, Edwards, Emrie, Flagler,
Galloway, Gidding^, Gilbert, Granger, Grow, Robert B.
Hall, Harlan, Ilollovvay. Thomas R. Horton, Valentine B.
Horton, Howard, Hughston, ICelsey, Kmg,Knapp, Knight,
(Cnowlton, Knox, reciter. Mace, Matteaon, McCarty,
Mt-acUam, Kiilian Miller, Morgan, Morrill, Mott, Murray,
Nichols, Norton, Andrew Oliver, Parker, Pearce, Pelton,
Pennington, Perry, Pettit, Pike, Purvianee, Ritchie, Rob-J]
bins, Roberts, Sabin, Sage, Sapp, Sherman, Simmons**
Spinner, Stanton, Stranahan, Tappan, Thorington, Thurs"
ton, Todd, Trafton, Wade, Wakeman, Walbndge, Wal-
dron, Cadwalader C. Washburne, Eilihu B. Washburne,
Israel Washburn, Watson, Welch, Williams, Wood,Wood-
ruff, and Wood worth—107.
So the resolution was ordered to lie upon the
table.
Pending the call of the roll, the following pro-
ceedings took place:
Mr. BARCLAY. I have a word to say before
I give my vote. I will state to the House that I
do not approve of the principle of that resolution;
but inasmuch as we have been balloting here for
three weeks without any hope of an organization,
and as it appears to me that we must ultimately
adopt the plurality system, and believing, as I do,
that the responsibility should rest upon those
gentlemen who throw their votes away, I desire
to cast that responsibility upon them,and there-
fore vote against laying the resolution on the table.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio. 1 am opposed to
the adoption of this resolution; but in order to
enable its friends to bring it to a direct vote, I
shall vote " no"upon this motion, although, upon
a direct vote, I should vote against the resolution,
for reasons which I shall be ready to give at the
proper time.
Mr. FLORENCE. If it be in order, I move
to reconsider the vote by which the resolution
was laid upon the table, and to lay the motion
to reconsider upon the table.
The CLERK. The Clerk thinks it is not in
order. The Clerk begs leave to state that there
is now no proposition before the House. [Cries
of " Call the roll!"]
Mr. SAPP. I move the adoption of the fol-
lowing resolution:
Retained, That from and after this day the House shall
meet at ten o'clock, a. m., until the election of a Speaker
is effected.
Upon that resolution I demand the yeas and
nays. i
The yeas and nays were orderpd.
, Mr. FLORENCE. I move to lay the resolu-
tion on the table.
Several Members. Oh no; vote on it directly.
Mr. FLORENCE. Very well; I withdraw the
motion. I only want to vote against it.
Mr. GREENWOOD. I would inquire wheth-
er, if that resolution be adopted, we shall be
compelled to come here to-morrow? [Cries of
" No, no !"}
The question was then taken upon Mr. Sapp's
resolution, and it was decided in the negative—
yeas 109, nays 111; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Albiight, AUison, Ball, Baibour, Henry
Bennett, Benson, Bilhughuirt, Bingham, Bishop, Bliss,
Biadshaw, Brenton, Bnffington, Burlingame, James H.
Campbell, Chaffee, Ezra Claik, Clawson, Williamson R.
W. Cobb, Colfax, Covode, Cragin, Crawford, Cumback,
Damrcll,Timothy Davi«, Dav, Dean, De Witt, Dick, Dick-
son, Dodd, Dunn, Edie,Edwards, Emrie, Etheridge, Flagler,
Galloway, Giddm^, Gilbert,Granger, Harason, Holloway,
Thomas R. lloiton. Howard, Hughston, J. Glancy Jones,
Kelsey, Kim;, Knapp, Knight, Knowlton, Knox, Leiter,
Maee,Matteson, McCarty, Meacham,Killian Miller, Moore,
Morgan, Morrill, Mott, Murray, Nichols, Norton, Parker,
Pearco, Pelton, Pennington, Perry, Pettit, Pike, Porter,
Prtngle, Purvianee, Purvear, Reade, Robbing Roberts, Sa-
bin, Sage, Sapp, Scott. Sherman, Simmons, Spinner. Stan-
ton, Siewait, Slr.mahan, Swope, Tappan, Thounsston,
Todd, Trafton. Vail, Wade, Wakeman. Walbndge, Wal-
dron, Cadwalader C. Washburne, Elhhu B. Washburne,
Israel Washburn, Watson, Welch, Wood, Woodruff, and
Wood worth—] 09.
NAVS—Messrs. Aiken, Allen, Barclay. Barksdale. Bell,
HenryS. Bennett, Bocock, Boyce, Brooks, Broom, Burnett,
Cadw alader. John P. Campbell*, Lewis D. Campbell, Carlile,
Caruthers, Caskie, Bayard Clark, Chngman, Howell Cobb,
Coming. Cox, Craige," Cuilen, Davidson, Henry Winter
Davis, Denver, Dowdell, Durfee, Edmundson, Elliott. Eng-
lish, Eu<tis, Evans, Faulkner, Florence, Foster, Ilenry M.
Fuller. Thomas J. D. Fuller. Goode, Greenwood, Grow. Au-
gujstus'Hall. Robeit B. Hall, Harlan, J. Mornson Hairis,
Sampson W. Hairis, Thomas L. JIarri«, Haven, Herbeit,
Hoffman, Valentine. B. Horton, Houston, Jcwctt, George
W. Jones. Iveilt, Kelly, Kennett, Kidvvell. Lake, Letcher,
Lmdiey, Lumpkin, Alexander K. Marshall, Humphrey Mar-
shall. Samuel S. McUshall, Maxwell, MeMullm, McQuecu,
Smith Miller, Millson, Milhvard, Andrew Oliver, Mordeeai j
Oliver. Orr, Paine, Peck, Phelps, Powell, Quitman, Ready, !
Rieaud,Richardson, Rivers,Rufnn, Rust, Sandidge. Savage, j
Seward, Shorter, Samuel A. Smith, William Smith, Wil- 1
liam R. Smith, Sneed, Stephens,Talbott,Taylor,Thurston, j
Trippe. Underwood, Valk, Walker, Warner, Watkins I
Wells, Wheeler, Whitney, Wmslovv, John V. Wriglu, and j
Zolheoffer—111. j
So the resolution was rejected. j
Pending the call of the roll— j
Mr. FLORENCE said; Before I cast my vote [
on this resolution, I desire to say a word or two
to justify myself before my constituents, in order
that they may not have the impression that I am
not a very industrious member, because the whole
House will bear evidence of that fact. [Shouts
of "Order!"] Oh, very well; call on. I can
wait. [Laughter.] I am a very patient man, as
well as a very industrious one. I have a very
large correspondence, and have a good deal of
business to do at the Departments. I do not
desire to reflect upon anybody connected with
any of the Departments of the Government, but
every other gentleman of this House, who has
had any experience here, knows that it is very
difficult to have interviews with any gentleman at
the head of Departments before ten o'clock in the
morning. Now, the business there is quite as
important to my constituents as the legislation
here, and a little more important than what has
been occurring1 here for three weeks. I desire to •
ftdfill all my duties, both at the Departments and
here, and therefore I do not intend to vote for
that resolution, not because I am not disposed to
come here early in the morning, but because I
cannot come—business calling me elsewhere. I
vote "no."
Mr. PECK also said: I desire to remark, pre-
vious to recording my vote, that I am in the same
category with the gentleman from Pennsylvania,
[Mr. Florence.] I am willing to sit here as
long as any member of this House. I will sit
all night, or from twelve o'clock, m., until twelve
o'clock at midnight, to assist in thfe organization
of this House; but, sir, my constituency have
imposed upon me duties other than those which
are to be discharged upon this floor, and since I
have been here 1 have not found the first day
when it has not been absolutely nccessary for mo
to consume the entire morning, up to the time of
the meeting of this House, in the performance of
these duties. I therefore cast my vote in the
negative.
Mr. SEWARD also: I think I could come to
a more correct conclusion on the subject before
the House by taking the fresh air in the morning,
than 1 could by being dragged up here at the early
hour often o'clock, and getting my feelings ex-
cited at so early an hour of the day; but the
main reason for giving my vote against this
resolution is, that I am opposed to it anyhow.
[Laughter.]
Mr. PERRY. I rise for the purpose of offer-
ing a resolution which I think, if adopted, will '
result in the speedy organization of this House.
The House has, to-day, determined that they
will not elect a Speaker by a plurality vote, con-
sequently we are held to the old method of voting,
according to the majority rule. There has been,
for a few days past, considerable debate in this
House, and I, as a member of this House, am
perfectly willing that the debate should proceed,
and that every gentleman who found it necessary
to explain to his constituents and to the country
his position, should have the opportunity to do
so afforded him. "With the permission of the
House I will read my resolution:
Resolved, That this House will now proceed to the elec •
tion of a Speaker viva voce, and shall continue to vote until
an election if effected; and from and after this day no de-
bate upon this or any other question incidentally growing
out of this question shall be m order.
Upon that resolution I demand the yeas and
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. McMULLIrT. I move to lay the resolu-
tion upon the table.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. According to that
resolution we are to continue to vote until an
election is made, and that will keep us here day
and night.
Mr. TODD. I call for the yeas and nays upon
the motion to lay the resolution upon the table.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. OUR. I would inquire of the mover of
the resolution, whether he designs by it to forco
us to continue in session, without adjournment,
until the election of a Speaker is effected _
Mr. PERRY. I will modify my resolution in
order to meet objections, by adding the words,
" except to adjourn."
Mr. ALEXANDER K. MARSHALL That
amendment simply provides that debate may be
had upon a motion to adjourn, and docs riot meet
the objection. The objection is that the resolu-
