mo
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
July 21,
conformity to what is the regulation of the De-
partment. In the code recently adopted by the
commission appointed under the direction of the
Treasury Department, this precise principle lias
been incorporated. I apprehend there can be no
doubt that the change should be made.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, read the third time, and'passed.
DELAWARE BREAKWATER.
Mr. BAYARD. Mr. President, I move that
the Senate take up the bill (S. No. 94) making an
appropriation for the improvement of the Delaware
breakwater. X will state very briefly the reasons
ighy it ought to be taken up now, and passed at
this session.
, The principle has been settled by Congress, so
that, at all events, as to works of this kind, there
can bo no doubt. The work is eminently na-
tional beyond all question. It is a work that re-
lates not so much to my own State, as to the com-
merce of the whole country from Maine to Geor-
gia. It is an asylum for vessels of the whole
coasting and foreign trade of the corn) try. It has
preserved to them millions of property from loss.
There have been some ^2,000,000, I think, ex-
pended on it, or near that sum. According to the
deiign—I do not mean for its entire completion,
but even as laid out—the work is to be raised
above the water, for the purpose of protection,
twelve feet. The upper strata of stone are very
heavy, and afford protection, and when once put
up they remain without injury from the ocean
during the heaviest weather; but the line, which
is already above the water some three feet, some
eight feet, (there being only a portion, about one
third or one fourth, I think, which is twelve feet
high,) stands in such a position that each year,
when no appropriation is made, the work is in-
jured whenever there is a heavy storm. About
$100,000, or §125,000, will complete what is al-
ready above the water to its proper designated
height, and afford fivefold the protection which
it now does to the commerce of the country.
Underthese circumstances, the work having been
sustained under all Administrations for twenty
years past and mo e, and no appropriation hav-
ing been made for the last three years, I think the
bill ought to be taken up and be passed at this
Session. I move that it now be taken up.
Mr. TOOMBS. It is hardly in order to take
up that bill now, and there are some rather im-
portant matters connected with the Judiciary
winch ought to be acted upon. The subject of
internal improvement has had its full share of
the time of the Senate, and this bill is a special
order, with a batch of them. I prefer that the
morning hour, at least, should be allowed to
other matters.
Mr. BAYARD. I do not suppose that the
bill will lead to any discussion. I presume no
Senator desires to debate a question which has
been so often discussed, and the principle of
which the present Congress has settled by more
than a two-thirds majority. There can be no
objection to the particular measure, because it
lias been recognized by successive Congresses
for thirty years past. The work was commenced
thirty years ago; it is nearly completed; and this
appropriation is necessary for its preservation
and efficiency. The appropriation proposed is
$100,000; and it will give to the work five-fold
the efficiency which it now has. Ten minutes
will be sufficient to pass the bill if it be taken
up. I do not suppose that any Senator desires
to make a speech on a question so threadbare as
regards argument. I am obliged to be away after
the second day of this week, and am anxious to
have it disposed of before I go away.
Mr. HAMLIN. I do not wish to interpose
any objection to the taking up of the Senator's
bill, but I desire to make a suggestion for his
consideration. Theie are other bills on the Cal-
endar equally meritorious with this, and situated
precisely as it is in relation to the character and
situation of the work; and 1 suggest—I hope the
Senator may be willing to adopt the suggestion
—that we assign the day after to-morrow for the
consideration of all those bills.
Mr. BAYARD. This bill will not take long.
X put it on the ground that I shall not be here
myself the day after to-morrow. It cannot in-
terfere with other bills; and, with great deference
to'the honorable Senator from Maine, I do not
think he can, in the whole catalogue of works of
internal improvement, find one so preeminently
national in its character as the one provided for
by the bill which I now move to take up. It is
of no particular interest to my State; we have no
coasting trade of any amount; but to the city of
Philadelphia, and the navigation of the river Del-
aware, and to the whole coastiiig and foreign trade
of the country, it is of great importance. It has
already saved millions of dollars to your citizens,
and it stands in the position I have shown you.
It was commenced more than twenty years ago,
and carried above the water line nearly in its
whole course. There are breaks in the structure
that do not carry it up to the height which is ne-
cessary for the purpose of protection. The con-
sequence is, that in that part which is not twelve
feet above the water (the designated height)
breaks occur at different intervals. The ocean
breaks through in a storm; thus it affords a very
inadequate protection. There are many vessels
there—very often as many as sixty or seventy
lying there at one time, loaded with valuable car-
goes. One hundred thousand dollars will almost
entirely complete the line to the top; and until it
is completed, the heavy stones being always
placed 011 the top for that purpose, an injury is
done to the smaller stones until they are coped in
this way with heavy stones of two tons and up-
wards, and they are washed away by heavy
storms. The finished portion of the work is not
subject to that difficulty.
Mr. CLAYTON. I can bear testimony with
my colleague to the fact, that this work is o'fsmall
importance to the State which we represent. We
have very little coasting trade, but we are com-
pelled from our situation to become special wit-
ness of the great advantages of this work to the
country; and we should be false to our duty if
we did not give other Senators the information
which we have as to the importance of the work.
This is perhaps one of the few, if not the only
great national work, entered upon by the United
gtates, that has really paid its way. It is true,
Ss my colleague has said, that it has saved
already millions of dollars to the commerce of
the country; and there is not a State in the Union
for which it has saved more than the State of
Maine, represented by the honorable Senator ob-
jecting to the taking up of this bill at this time.
Sir, if you will go to Cape Henlopen or Cape
May, you can scarcely stand on either of these
capes any day in the week without witnessing
the importance of this work to the commerce of
the country. If a cloud appears in the horizon,
when there is not a single vessel lying in this
breakwater, if there is the slightest appearance
of a storm, you see at once the whole ocean
whitened with the sails of different vessels, all
aiming for the breakwater for protection, and
they get it there. There was not a spot probably
on the coast of the United States which was
more remarkable for shipwrecks, before this
breakwater was built, than Cape "Henlopen.
Since it was built there has been scarcely any.
The reason why this work is of comparatively
small importance to the State which I represent,
is, that our vessels are generally vessels of light
draught, and easily find a refuge and protection
in the streams of the State, with which they are
perfectly acquainted; but these are streams in
which large ships from the different ports of the
country cannot enter, orin which they could not
find refuge, for they draw too much water for
that purpose. Our coastage, however, draw but
little water, and desire but very little protection
from the breakwater. I repeat again, there has
never been a work of greater benefit to commerce;
and of the necessity of this appropriation there
could not be a doubt. Indeed, sir, if Congress
were acquainted fully with the importance of
this work to the country, another improvement
would be added to it—the icebreaker and the
breakwater would be connected; and although
the breakwater is of vast importance to the coun-
try, it will never be what it ought to be until
these two works are connected.
Mr. BROPHEAD, I beg to suggest to my
friend from Delaware, that the Senator from
Maine will withdraw his objections.
Mr. SEWARD. The honorable Senator from
Maine substantially made my speech while he
had the floor, I believe I had the honor to
present this bill from the Committee on Commerce
to the Senate,and to recommend its passage, and
I am certainly prepared to defend and maintain it;
but at the same time the honorable Senator from
Delaware will please to take notice that there are
only three of the Committee on Commerce here,
and that we have general charge and supervision
of all these bills for the improvement of rivers and
harbors. We have sent three of them to the
House', which were regarded as test bills, favor-
in" improvements in different portions of the
country—one for the improvement of the Missis-
sippi river, another for the improvement of the
St. Clair flats, and the other for the St. Mary's
river. All the rest it is our purpose to urge on
the Senate for their consideration at a very early-
day.
The honorable Senator from Michigan [Mr.
Stuart] is absent, and is, 1 believe, absent from
indisposition. The honorable Senator from Lou-
isiana [Mr. Benjamin] is not now in his place.
If the Senators will accept our proposition, take
to-morrow or the next day for their consideration,
whichever will suit them, we shall endeavor to
bring up all these bills in the order m which they
stand on the Calendar. For one, I am not willing
to commitmyself to a departure from that course.
On that subject I wish to state that, while I recog-
nize and appreciate the importance of this im-
provement, it does not stand alone. Th^re is a
bill for the improvement of Hell Gate, over which
a large portion of the foreign commerce passes,
and which, as every body knows, is a place of
peculiar danger. There is a propriety in giving
that as early a consideration as possible. If you
go up the "Hudson river you will find that the
whole internal commerce on the lakes and the
Erie canal is arrested by the overslaugh on the
Hudson; and 1 need not inform the Senate that the
bulk of that trade exceeds the whole foreign trade
of the United States. If you ascend beyond the
canal to the lakes, then I believe and say there
is not one completed and perfectly safe harbor on
the whole of the lake coast of the United States
of America. If you say that some expenditures
have been made on those improvements, and that
the works are suspended, and in a dilapidated
condition, that is true of the whole system of
works: therefore I suggest to the honorable
Senators from the State of Delaware, that they
will undoubtedly have their bill passed; they will
have our support; but it is only reasonable, as it
seems to me, that they should allow the com-
mittee to call up the bills in their ordinary course,
and they will do so at as an early a moment as
can be desired.
Mr. B1GLER. I shall vote for taking up this
bill. I see no peculiar force in the suggestions of
the Senator from New York. This bill is right
in itself. The Senator from Delaware [Mr.
Bayard] has given us a very important reason
for its prompt consideration. He has introduced
it here; he feels solicitous for its passage; and
says that he is obliged to be away at the time
indicated by the Senator from Maine. It is a
measure that concerns my constituents deeply.
I have been repeatedly urged to ask the Senate to
consider this bill. I shall vote for its passage.
The condition of the work has been described by
the Senator from Delaware; it is in progress; it
is in a perishable condition; and a few thousand
dollars now expended will be a matter of econ-
omy for the Government. I trust the Senate will
take up this measure, and dispose of it.
Mr. BELL, of Tennessee. I shall vote, for
the motion of the Senator from Delaware, for the
reasons stated by him, because I think there can
be no question in the mind of scarcely any Sen-
ator that this is a very general and national
object; but I wish to interpose a single word in
reference to some other bills. I will say nothing
of any particular work in which I feel any sep-
arate interest; as, for example, the appropriation
proposed by one bill for the Tennessee river; but,
as to the Mississippi river, there is high expedi-
ency, not to say necessity, for passing the bill
making an appropriation for removing the ob-
structions, as far as possible, in the river. I think
no object rises above it. 1 trust, if the other bills
are not taken up ill their order, that the bill ap-
propriating a sum of money for the removal of
the obstructions in the river Mississippi, which
is the main trunk, the artery of the great internal
1 water communications, will be taken up at some
