1856.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOgg.
time or other, as soon as convenient. "With these
remarks, I shall not detain the Senate, but shali
vote for the motion of'the honorable Senator
from Delaware.
Mr. CASS. Mr. President, twenty years ago
-or more I had a good deal of official connection with
this work, and am well aware of its importance.
As a matter of personal accommodation to the
honorable Senator from Delaware I shall vote to
take up the bill; but I wish to observe that it is
useless to spend our time in discussing the rela-
tive value and importance of the various WOi'^s
provided for by the bills on our Calendar. We
might waste our whole time about it. I suppose
there is no gentleman who does not consider the
works within his district as equally important
with any other. W^e had better discuss their
merits when they come up, and take up the bills
on the Calendar in their order. I shall not vote
to give any preference to any bill after this, but I
od this simply as a matter of personal accommo-
dation to the Senator from Delaware.
Mr. BAYARD. The reason why I appeal to
the Senate to take up this bill is not personal to
myself merely, but it is because of the condition
of the work. The work was commenced more
than twenty years ago, and m its present condi-
tion very little more "than the appropriation now
proposed will complete it to the proper height
above the water line, so as to prevent the annual
injury which it undergoes in its incomplete state.
That is the reason why it peculiarly calls for
action.
The question being taken on the motion to take
up the bill, on a division; there were—ayes 12,
noes 11; no quorum voting.
' Mr. BRODHEAD. I ask for a recount.
Mr. CLAYTON. [ call for the yeas and nays.
Mr. BRODHEAD. That is not necessary;
a recount will be sufficient.
Mr. WELLER. I desire to state that, at one
o'clock,! shall be compelled to ask the Senate to
proceed to the consideration of the three million
1853, in this District especially, and in various
Territories and district courts of the United
States, has become enormous. The reports are
before me; they are quite voluminous; but I will
give a sample of one of them in this District, and
the Senate will judge from it. 1 have them also
from the Territory of Utah. This bill proposes
to release the General Government from the pay-
ment in this District of costs in all cases below
felony. The way in which the present system
is worked in this District will be shown from the
reportof the Auditor of the Treasury, from which
I will read a brief extract:
" Upon referring to abstract A, it will be seen that the
total amount paid to magistrates and constables, up to De-
cember 31,1855, is $(54,526 41. Tiiat from May 17,1848,
to June 30, 1854, a period of six years, the amount paid wad
$36,196 83. That from July 1,1854, to December 31,3855,
a period of eighteen mouths only, the amount paid was
§•28,329 58, only $7,867 25 less than the amount of the first
ei.\ voai-5 the law was in force. If the amount charged
tor the half year ending the 30th instant shall equal the
amount paid foi the halt year ending December 31, 3855,
(theie is> room lor but little doubt that it will exceed
$1-2,689 10,) then the expense of the two years ending June
30. 1856, wit! exceed the expense of the six years ending
June 30,1854, by ibe amount of §4,8-21 85. Can thisc\cc a
be legitimately or fauly attributable either to the increase
of population.*or the increase of cnme in the District ?
"Abstract l> exhibits the number and disposition of the
ca^ps foefoic the magistrates for the half yeai ending De-
cember 31, i855; fiom winch it appeals that the gioss
number of criminal cases was 0,798, of winch 3,826 were
discharged on bonds to keep the peace, and 3,959 weic dis-
missed, including warrants on which no leturu^ weie
made ; i?o that 5,785 cases out of 6,798 are shown to have
been so ummpoitant as to demand no punishment. Ol the
balance of the cas-es there weu: nominally 637 commuted to
jail, 315 bound to appear at court, 58 whipped, and 3 bound
to support bastardrf, in a41 1,013; but in reality there were
but 695 different persons affected in the 1,013 eases, for
sevoial wanantd rau against the same person m many in-
tauces."
They go on, ant] by multiplying subpenas,
and paying officers, they have run the estimates
of the marshal in this District, for the last half
year, up to §12,000 for the payment of justices
and constables. Sometimes in a case of riot
thirty-five warrants are made out for four persons.
That is shown by one of the papers I have here.
That has been "done by cross-indictments and
subpenaing various parties. It is merely a
scheme by which constables and magistrates run
the United States to large expense. In an ordi-
nary not, where there is not sufficient testimony
to bind the parties over, there is an expense of
two, three, or four hundred dollars.
Similar evils exist m the Territories of the
United States, where marshals and other officers
1 frequently have themsehes summoned. It is
bill, of which I gave notice the other day, i
that, if this bill is likely to lead to debate, it
scarcely worth while to take it up for the remain-
ing few minutes of the morning hour. Tint I take
it for granted that it has been so fully discussed
heretofore that no one desires to speak on it, and
I shall not interpose any objection. I have no
doubt that there is a quorum in the Senate if
there be a recount.
Mr. CLAYTON. I suppose there can be 110
debate, and no necessity for debate, on these sub- ^ ^  ^  
jects. I ask for the yeas and nays on the ques- j1 decided, by many of the existing courts, that they
11 have no power to discharge grand juries until the
end of the term. You summon them, and get
trough the business in one day, apd yet the court
will keep open for bankruptcy cases perhaps three
months, and you pay the grand jurors two dol-
lars and fifty cents or three dollars a day all the
time. In that way the expenses of the judiciary
have unnecessarily grown to enormous sums.
1 have a statement of the facts' on all these
points; and if they will not weary the Senate, or
if they desire to hear them, I shall read them. It
• .     ««nic! ihot (Hp hill is introduced.
tion of taking ui the bill.
Mr. WELLER. I appeal to the Senator from
Delaware to withdraw the call. We can accom-
plish the object by a recount, without the yeas
and nays. . .
Mr. CLAYTON. I shall not insist.
The question being taken on a division, there
Were—aves 13, noes 13; 110 quorum voting.
Mr. WELLER. I suppose the President, by
counting himself, would make a quorum.
Mr. BRODHEAD. The Senator from JSew
Jersey [Mr. Thomson] has come into the Cham-
beThc PRESIDENT pro tempore. A recount is
called for. The Chair will put the question again.
Senators in favor of taking up the bill on the
motion of the Senator from Delaware will show
it by rising. .
The motion was agreed to, there being, on a
division—ayes 19, noes 14. So the Senate pro-
ceeded as ill Committee of the Whole to consider
the bill (S. No. 04) making an appropriation for
the improvement of the Delaware oreakwater. Its
object is to appropriate $100,000, to be expended
under the direction of the Secretary of War, for
the improvement and repair of the Delaware
breakwater.
The biil was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, read a third time, and passed.
JUDICIAL EXPENSES.
Mr. TOOMBS. I move to take up the bill (S.
No. 381) to amend the act regulating the fees,
costs, and other judicial expenses of the Govern-
ment in the States, Territories, and District of
Columbia, and for other purposes. _
I will state, if the Senate desires to hear it, that
the enlargement of the expenses under the act of ;
But m no event shall they he paid by ihe United-Stated
In this District, at this time', all the fees of i.$i -
clerk of the court are paid by the Utiited Sates,,
even in suits between private individuals." For
instance: there was a fee-bill of $10,000 ren-
dered by him for last year; the amount was paid
by the United States, and liis accounts '"wefe
turned over to the marshal for collection Vyt'h"^
United States. I have the evidence from tlic'lte-
terior Department that, though the United State's
paid him $10,000 for his accounts, they collefttej.
only §600. He malces the United States pa"f
his clerk's fees, then the accounts are tilrned dyei-
to the marshal, and hardly a dollar is paid at all;
I move this addition to the sixth section' and it
will then read:
Sec. 6. Jini beitjurtker enaclei, Tliat all costs and fees
for services rendered bv the clerks of the several courts in
the District of Columbia, chargeable .to 'others than tl e
United States, shall bo payable immediately after tlie ser-
vices are performed, and t-hall be collected by such rules
and regulations, not incompatible with lawj as may be pre-
scribed' by the court* in which such services are rendered ;
tut 111 no event shatl they be [laid by the United States.
There is 110 reason why the United States
should pay costs in controversy between A and
B in trover in this District, more than any where
else ill the United States; but now they ai!e all
paid by the United States. The clerk drawson the
Treasury, turns over his bills, gets A, B, and G,
collecting, and out of last year's $10,000 account,
I think 8600 were collected by the United States.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. PQGH. Mr. President, this hill pro-
vides four places for the taxation of costs in
cases to which the United States are parties.
After having provided that the costs shall" be
taxed by the judge of the district, it theft pro-
vides that that taxation shall be at the mere
mercy of the accounting officers in the Auditor s
and Comptroller's offices here. I Object to that
provision. It seems to me to be one of manifest
injustice. There is a provision in the general
law relative to the costs and fees, which provides
that the marshal of each district shall forthwith
pay, upon the taxation by the court, and be sub-
jected to a penalty if he does not pay on that
certificate, and is subjected to one of the penal-
ties, i suppose, imposed by the independent
Treasury law. He is bound to pay. It binds
him. It is a certificate by the officer who taxes
the costs to compel the marshal to pay A E; hfi
is compelled to pay; lie 1ms no discretion; lie lias
nothing to do with the taxation of the costs.
Now, if you give the accounting officer here a
ri ht to alter that taxation of costs, you do not
giTt the money back from the witness or the
lurors, but you get it from the marshal; and
thus you put him between two fires—between
the taxing officer and the witness on one side,
and the accounting officer of the Treasury on the
°'l"concur with the bill that there is something
wron«* m the taxation of costs. I fear that it has
been very loosely done; and I concur in the
proposition that the judge of the district shall be
1 • j —   i... .t„.. ki.t nfrov lw has taxed
is to correct these evils that the bill is introduced
Mr. BRODHEAD. It is quite unnecessary to
road them. AVe understand the bill, and it is a
good one.
Mr. TOOMBS. The bill was carefully con-
sidered by the Judiciary Committee.
The motion was agreed to; and the bill was
read a second time, and considered as m Com-
mittee of the Whole. It proposes to requiie the
accounts of the commissioners, marshals, attor-
; neys, and clerks of the United States, to be cer-
tified to by the district judges, sub ject to revision
by the accounting officers of the Treasury, from
whom an appeal lies to the Secretary of the ln-
i terior. It piovides that the fees of not more than
; four witnesses shall be charged to the United
! States for examinations before commissioners ill
i criminal cases, unless their materiality and lmpoi-
i tance be certified to by the district attorney , sub-
i ;ect to revision as 111 other cases, it prohibits the
i holding of the courts at more than three places in
i each Territory; gives power to discharge grand
' juries during term time; and prohibits the re-
| Jcelpt of witness fees by the marshal or his depu-
i Mr. TOOMBS. I move to amend the sixth
section by adding these words:
required to tax the coMs; but after he
them, 1 do not want any accounting officer of the
'I'ury to overhaul them. He has no more
ri-ht to overhaul the taxation of cosls m a suit
in which the United States are parties, than in a
cause between individuals. If the district at-
torney is not satisfied, he can make a motion to
rctax them in court • but why do you punish
the marshal who has acted in good faith, and, m
obedience to the positive provision of law, has
paid out the money ? You compel him, then, to
respond out of his pocket for the errors of Judg-
ment of the officer who taxes tne costs, ibis
has been done throe or four times li rc, ana it
has been done in defiance of law by the accounting
officers of the Tieasury in every case. 1 do not
know how many marshals'accounts are suspend-
ed under the claim by Auditors and Comptrol-
lers, and their clerks, to sit as a court <> error
judicially upon the taxation of costs by tne om-
cer appointed by law. I gVant that the taxation
has been very unjust and erroneous in many
cases, and I wish to put all san-'ruard^tju
it; but alter we have made th^ s .nil*.
lot it stand. I call attpnuo \ t..
ing made the district judgvj *.
enonj IrifM'e tllC Hlititt I C
tax costs, there the matu
there
tl. t,hnv-
r officer to
10 statiJ;f
C costs, UUTK. v . - .
in addition to the fact thot the marshal is requirt a
forthwith to pay the money on the certificate
