1672
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 21,
of that officer, there is another provision, that he
himself shall not issue any scrip, paper, ac-
knowledgment, or receipt, to a witness or juror.
He has got to pay him the money. He cannot
issue paper, saying, " I acknowledge to have
received this certificate, and I will pay you the
money provided the accounting officer finally al-
lows it. He has to pay the money on the spot.
He cannot even issue his acknowledgment, and
wait for the decision. The amount of the matter
is, that every marshal of the United States is
first compelled to pay the money on the certificate
of the officer taxing the costs, and then, at an
interval of five or six months, he gets his own
pay here, on the action of the accounting officers
of the Treasury, and he is compelled to pay out
of his own pocket for any error of judgment
committed by the taxing officer. It seems to me
that this is unjust. It is repeated four times in
the bill, and my proposition is to strike it out
wherever it occurs. My amendment is to strike
out of the first section, these words :
"And the same shall be subject to revision upon their
merits by said accounting officers, as in case of other public
accounts."
Mr. TOOMBS. The difficulty is that youhave
no security for taxing costs unless it is sub ject to
revision by the accounting officers of the Treas-
ury. All the disbursing officers of the Govern-
ment throughout the United States are subjected
to the same responsibility. Your subordinates
in the Army and in the Navy are oftentimes or-
dered to pay money by their superior officers.
The experiment was tried for many years in this
Government, and it was found utterly impossible
to have any effectual check 011 the disbursement
of public money, unless by tins species of ac-
countability. Among our district judges we have
a great many different sorts of people, and under
the present system there is very little responsi-
bility. Every one who will take the trouble to
look into this subject will find that there are
most outrageous abuses existing. The marshal
generally makes out his own bills of costs. He
brings them to the judge, who signs them, and
they are brought here sometimes with charges of
thousands where they ought not to be dollars. I
might instance one in the Territory of Utah, where
over $2,000 were charged for a guard for the judge
and the district attorney of the United States on
their way to court. [Laughter.] It cost #7,000
apiece to hold two courts m the Territory, and
$2,000 were spent for men as a company to escort
the judge and district attorney to court, and addi-
tional amounts for rations and baggage-wagons
for them. A guard of honor for the judge of
twenty men was provided! Of course lie 'certi-
fies to his guard of honor, and they are in the
recent requisitions which 1 have among the pa-
pers, and can turn fo if nocc.ssaiy.
Then there is il.e c.vse of commissioners. I
have looked at some of their charges, and find
them atrocious. There are very heavy charges
on occasions of public excitement, particularly
under the fugitive slave law. Availing themselves
of the peculiar character and importance of the
question, and the feeling which it excitcs, great
multitudes of witnesses and of parties aie sum-
moned where it is wholly unnecessary. The
marshals, their deputies, and their sons, are sum-
moned as witnesses. The marshal makes outthe
account, and the commissioner certifies to it, and
you have an account for twenty, or thirty, or
forty thousand dollars, when, if honestlv done,
it would not amount to one thousand dollars.
What I mean by honestly done is, done effi-
ciently—without any extra expense. I desire to
do everything that is necessary to secure the
administration of the laws. Some of these offi-
cers, availing themselvs of the proper determi-
nation of the Government to have the laws faith-
fully executed, have considered themselves as
having a wild and unlimited discretion to run up
bills of costs, injurious to the country, and inju-
rious to the very good cause in which they are
serving.
casG the judge at Pittsburg, which
has been before Congress. He goes on from
day to day and holds court for proliably one hun-
dred and eighty days in the year, according to >
his record. He certifies to the attendance of all I
the officers for every day; he certifies to their '
nve dollars r day. The judge participates in it
oftentimes from the peculiar relations in which
he stands to the parties. In many cases the
judge's son is the clerk of the court. There are
some transactions in regard to the judiciary
hardly fit to be mentioned in this body.
There is no hardship in putting the courts of
justice, and especially the district courts and
commissioners of the United States, under the
same checks in the expenditures of public money,
as all the disbursing officers of the Army and
Navy and Treasury, who disburse millions every
day. There might be some difficulty at first, and
some conflicts between the Department and the
judges, but they would soon make their decisions
conform to the final decision of the Secretary of
the Interior. Our practice for twenty years has
shown that there is no safety to the public Treas-
ury without some such safeguard as this. During
the last ten or fifteen years, without any increase
of business, the expense of some of tlie courts
has gone up twenty, thirty, and even fifty per
cent.
While we have complained very justly of the
profligate expenditures in various branches of the
Government, nothing can exceed in that respect
the increase which has taken place in the ex-
penses of the judiciary department. They are
the most flagitious and unnecessary of all others.
The Senate has heard frequently of the conduct
of some of the courts in bankruptcy cases, and
the same evil still continues. A man goes into
court and makes a motion in those cases, at va-
rious times, and a certificate is given that the
marshal and clerk, and everybody else, attends,
and they get paid in that way for every day for
five, or six, or seven months.
Some of the judges hold that they have no right
to discharge grand juries during a term. Honest
judges say they have the power, and they do dis-
charge the grand juries when there is no busi-
ness for them; but one half the district judges of
the United States hold that they cannot discharge
a grand jury when they have no business, so that
the court may be held open for some immaterial
matter, and they may keep it open as long as
they please, and the grand jury will draw pay
from the United States every day.
The complaint is that the judges have certified
to these bills. They have certified to them con-
stantly. Some of them I have before me which
not one Senator here would sanction, but they
have been sanctioned by these judges. I wish to
put these expenditures under some safeguards.
The present system may result from the inatten-
tion of the judges. Probably it is so. They
have got accustomed to certifying these bills too
much pro forma, and therefore f would provide
that the marshal who makes up the bills shall
I see to it that*no other than the legal costs and
I charges are allowed, and for this I would hold
him to the same responsibility as every other
disbursing officer. I admit that there is some
ground for the position taken by the Senator from
| Ohio, but I think we cannot reach the evil in any
[ other way than that proposed by the bill.
Mr. PITCH. 1 do not object to any relaxation
of the marshal's own cost. I agree with the Sen-
, ator that these abuses have become so shameful
that the time has come to redress them; but the
I accounts of witnesses and jurors are audited by
; the court, according to law, and the court issues
j a certificate to the marshal to pay them. These
, items ought not to be recalled afterwards, be-
cause the marshal does not get the money.
Mr. TOOMBS. There is the same provision
m regard to disbursing officers in the civil and
military service of the United States.
Mr. PUGH. I did not wish to interrupt the 1
Senator in his argument, but this is the provision
of law to winch I have referred: I
" In enses where the United States aie panics, the mar- 1
«llal shall, on the order of the court, to be entered in its min- '
tites, pay to the jiaors and witnesses such fees as they may
appear by such order to be entitled to, which sum shall be [
allowed lnm attheTreasniy inlns accounts." j
Thus you compel him to pay out the money I
on the order of one officer. Pie has nothing to ;
do with that; he does not say how many jurors
there shall be, or how many witnesses there shall
be. You compel hini to pay the monev, and now
you propose to allow an accounting officer of the
Tieasury to charge him out of his own private
funds with anyerror of judgment which the tax-
ing officer may commit.' I agree with the hon-
orable Senator from Georgia, there have been
great abuses in the Federal courts. If, however,
there be such a case as he states of a judicial offi-
cer, the remedy is not by legislation—the remedy-
is for the House of Representatives to impeach
him, and bring him to the bar of the Senate. P
do not know anything about such a case, and of
course do not express my opinion upon it.
Mr. BENJAMIN. Allow me to make a sug-
gestion to my friend from Ohio. If we pass thia
bill it will be the interest and duty of the marshal
to watch over the allowances made by the judges
in favor of witnesses and jurors, for he will know
that he is to be held responsible to the accounting
officers for the over-payment. At present he has
no earthly interest in watching over these fees.
He says, " I shall be-paid back whatever I pay
under the judge's order; it is a pro forma entry;
and I have no interest to protect the interests of
the United States." If this bill be passed, the
marshal's duty will be to watch and object to any
illegal fees the judge may, from oversight, order
to be paid; because it is only the man who has a
pecuniary interest in seeing these sums limited to
their precise legal amount that can be relied upon
as a disbursing officer.
Mr. PUGH. Suppose he does object, and the
judge overrules him, he is compelled to obey;
and then under this bill the accounting officer of
the Treasury overrules the judge.
Mr. BENJAMIN. In that case I have no
doubt Congress would overrule the officer, and
impeach and turn outthe judge.
Mr. PUGH. It would cost the officer twice
the amount to have a special act passed. I say
select any officer ycrn please for this purpose. It
would occur to me that the judicial officers would
be most proper; for if we cannot trust the judges
we can trust nobody. Select your judges, and
say they shall be responsible for taxing the costs
to be paid to the jurors and witnesses; but after
they have made their decision, do not say to an
executive officer, who has no concern, and could
not be asked to have any concern in the matter,
who is not a lawyer, who is not expected to be a
lawyer, that he shall be responsible for the errors
of your judicial tribunals. It is only in respect
to this point that I make objection. As to the
marshal's own charges in serving process and
calling deputies, or calling anybody else, I agree
with the Senator from Georgia, that he should be
subjected to the strictest responsibility that can
be put on him at the Department.
Mr. TOOMBS. I think the objection from
the Senator from Ohio is a very fanciful one. It
is hardly to be presumed, if the marshal made a
fair effort to have an honest and good bill of costs,
and the judge decided against him, that the ac-
counting officer of the Treasury would overrule
the judicial decision. The difficulty has been
that the marshal makes these requisitions often-
times in advance, and they are carried to the
court, and no opposition is made by the judge.
The marshal summons the witnesses, and sum-
mons the jury, and is presumed to know the facts.
The decision of the judge is oftentimes given on
his own statement of facts. It is almost impos-
sible for him to decide wrong where the marshal
makes an eflort to have it done properly. I made
allusion a short time since to a requisition which
I had not then at hand, but I will read it now, to
show how the marshals are in the habit of treat-
ing the Treasury:
Second Juilirial District United States Court, June Term.
1856.
Necessary guard to judge and attorney from Great Salt Lake
City to I'djowan Iron Company, two hundred and fifty
miles through Indian country, twenty men, thirty days,
at four dollais pur day fonnan and hoise, each twenty dol-
„ lais,   00
± our baggage wagons, twenty days, at five dollars
per day. each eighty dollars  320 00
Rations lor twenty men, thirty days, one dollar,
each, $600   600 00
Thnty-six jurors, (grand and petit,) two dollars
per day, ?ix days  432 00 v
Thirty-six witnesses  324 00
Mileage foi jururs and witnesses  360 00
Guard service and other expenses incident to serv-
ing writs, &c., in the Indian country  2,000 00
Estimated expense of court and jury rooms, six
day?, at fifteen dollars...  90 00
Fuel, lights, stationery, and other incidental ex-
penses     100 00
Marshal's fees and per diem, $500—commission-
ers, 72   623 72
Bailiff and crier  60 00
$7,309 72
