72
THE CONGRESSIONAL,' #LOBE.
December 22,
ing, but the gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Sher-
man] rose to a question of order. The motion
noyt feefore the House is to lay the resolution on
the table. Al
Mr. WASHBURNE. My point is, that the
the gentleman from Ohio having offered his reso-
lution, and the gentleman from South Carolina
[Mr. Keitt] having proposed his amendment,
which amendment was not accepted by the gen-
tleman from Ohio, the first question to be taken i
is upon the adoption of the amendment. I ask |
the yeas and nays upon the amendment of the  
gentleman from South Carolina.
Mr. LETCHER. "Why, is not there a motion
to lay all upon the table ?
The CLERK. The gentleman from South
Carolina [Mr. Keitt] moved to lay the resolu-
,tion and amendment upon the table; that motion
will, therefore, take precedence of the motion to
amend. The question now before the House is
the motion to lay. on the tabic.
. Mr. WASHBURNE. I understood the motion
to lay on the table to have been withdrawn, and
the amendment then to have been submitted.
The CLERK. That was true, but the gentle-
man from South Carolina [Mr. Keitt] then re-
newed the motion to lay the resolution and amend-
ment on the table.
Mr. ENGLISH. I wish to give notice that,
if the motion to lay on the table is voted down,
and the amendment of the gentleman from South
Carolina also voted down, I shall move an amend-
ment. I send it up to the Clerk's desk, and ask
that it may be read. I presume no member will
object to it.
Several Members. Read it! Read it!
The CLERK read the amendment, as follows:
And that no member be allowed to indulge in the use of
meat, drink, fire, or other refreshments, gas-light and water
only excepte.d, until ail election of Speaker shall be ef-
fected.
The CLERK. The question is upon laying the
resolution and amendment upon the table.
Mr. LETCHER. I demand the yeas and nays
upon the motion.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. KEITT. I wish merely to announce that,
as the resolution I understand is incompatible
with tny proposition, I shall vote to lay it upon
the table, and present my amendment, perhaps
afterwards, as an independent proposition.
The question was then taken upon the motion
to lay on the table, and decidcd in the negative—
yeas 103, nays 113; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Aikon, Allen, Ball, Barclay, Barksdalc,
Cell, Homy Bennett, Henry S. Bennett, Bocock, Boyco,
Brooks, Broom, Burnett, Cadwalader, John 1'. Campbell,
Caruthers, Caskie, Clingman, Howell Cobb, Williamson
R. W, Cobb, Cox, Craige, Ciawford, Cullen, Davidson,
Denver, Dovvdell, Edmundson, Elliott, English, Ethcridge,
Eustis, Evans, Faulkner, Florence, Henry"M. Fuller,
Thomas J. D. Fuller, Goode, Greenwood, Augustus Hall,
J. Morrison Horns, Sampson W. Harris, Thomas L. Har-
ris, Harrison, Haven, Heibert, Houston, Jevvett, George
W. Jones, J. Glancy Jones, Keitt, Kelly, Kidwell, Loiter,
Letcher, Lindley, Lumpkin, Mace, Alexander K Marshall,
Samuel S.Marshall, Maxwell,Mcfoullin,MeQ.uern,Snnt3i
Miller, Millson, Moore, Mordccai Oliver, Orr, Fame, Peek,
Phelps, Portor, Powell, Purycar, Quitman, lteade, Ready,
Rieaud, Richardson, Rufiin, Savaj/e, Seward, Shoi ter, Ham-
uel A. William R. Smith, Sneed, Stephens, Stewart,
Swope, Talbott, Taylor,Tnppe,TJndei wood, Valk, Walker,
Warner, Watkins, Wclla, Whitney, Wmslow. and John V.
Wright—103.
NAYS—Messrs. Albright, Allison, Barbour, Benson, Bil-
linghurst.Bingham,Bishop, Dli^s,Buulslidw,Bionton, Buf-
fington, Burlingame, James H. Campbell, Levv^ D. Camp-
bell, Carhle, Chaffee, Bayard Clark, Ezra Claik, Claw-
son, Colfax, CommR, Covode, Cnigm, Cumback, jjamrel],
H. Winter Davis, Timothy Davis, Day, Dean, De Witt,
Dick, Diekson, Dodd, Dunn. Duifee,Edie, Edwards, Emrie,
Flagler, Foster, Galloway, Gilbert, Granger, Grow, Robert
B. Hall, Harlan, Hoiloway, Thomas R. Uorton, "Valentine
B. Horton, Howard, ilngh^ton, Kelsey, King, Knapp,
Knight, Knowlton, Knox, Lake, Humphrey Marshall,
Matteson, McCarty, Meacliam, Killian Miller, Morgan, i
Mornll, Mott, Munay, Nichols, Norton, Andrew Ohvei, '
Parker, Pearce, Pelton, Pennington, Perry, Pettit, Pike,
Prmgle, Purviancc, Ritchie, Rivers, Robbins, Roberts, Rust,
Sabin, Sage, Sandidgc, Sapp, Scott, Sherman, Simmons,
Spinner, Stanton, Stranahan, Tappan, Thorington, Thurs-
ton, Todd, Trafton, Vail, Wade, Wakeman, Walbridge,
Waldron, Cadwalader C. Washburne, Elhhu B. Wash-
burne, Israel Washburn, Watson, Welch, Wheeler, Wood,
Woodiftff, Woodworth, and Znlhooffer—113.
So the resolution was not laid on the table.
The question then recurred upon the amend-
ment of Mr. Keitt.
Mr. CLINGMAN. I move that the House do
now adjourn.
Mr. "WADE. I demand the yeas and nays
upon the motion.
Mr. VAIL. I hope the gentleman from North
Carolina will withdraw the motion to adjourn,
and allow us to vote on the resolution.
Mr. CLINGMAN. Very well; I will with-
draw it until the vote has been taken.
The question again recurred on the amendment
of Mr. Keitt.
Mr. BILLINGHURST. I more to lay the
amendment of the gentleman from South Caro-
lina on the table.
Several Members. You cannot do that.
Mr. BILLINGHURST. I thought it was in
order to move to lay the amendment on the table,
and that it carried the original resolution with it.
The CLERK. The motion is not in order.
The question was then taken; and the amend-
ment was not agreed to.
The question then recurred on the adoption of
the original resolution.
Mr. ORR. I move now to lay the resolution
upon the tabic.
Mr. KELLY. Is that motion in order ?
The CLERK. It is in order.
Mr. KELLY. Will not that motion carry all
the other resolutions with it ?
The CLERK. "What other resolutions does
the gentleman refer to ?
Mr. KELLY. The resolution of the gentle-
man from South Carolina for one.
The CLERK. That has been already voted
down. The only proposition now before the
House is the resolution offered by the gentle-
man from Ohio, and a motion to lay that on the
table is in order.
Mr. HARRIS, of Illinois. I demand the yeas
and nays upon the motion to lay on the table.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. KEITT. This is a gag law, is it not?
Mr. BENSON. Not in the least. Nothing
of the kind.
Mr. McMULLIN. Is it in order to submit
a remark upon the motion?
The CLERK. It is not, under the order of
the House adopted this morning.
Mr. McMULLIN. Well, sir, I desire to say
to'theHouse [Loudeallsto "Order!"] Well,
sir, 1 will make a speech that is in order. I move
that this House do now-adjourn; and upon that
motion I demand tellers.
Tellers were ordered, and Messrs. McMullin
and Millward appointed.
The question was being taken, when
Mr. McMULLIN said: At the request of sev-
eral gentlemen who desire to accomplish another
object before the adjournment, I will withdraw
my motion for the present, though I will renew
it presently. [Loud cries of "Too late!"]
Mr. CARLILE. I submit that it is not too
late. The question has already been decided by
the Clerk, that any member has the right to with-
draw his own proposition before the House have
taken a vote upon it, and the negative side of the
question has not been counted.
The CLERK. The Clerk thinks that, as gen-
tlemen seem to require that the vote shall be taken,
the count had better go on.
The question was taken, and the House refused
to adjourn; the tellers having reported—ayes GO,
noes 105. [Loud cries of "Call the roll!" "Letus
adj ourn over!" "Read the proposition before the
House!"]
Mr. CARLILE. I move, Mr. Clerk, that
when the'Housc adjourns to-day, it be to meet on
Wednesday next. [Cries of "No!" "Vote it
down!" J
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I demand the
yeas and nays on the motion to adjourn over.
A Voice. Is the motion to adjourn over in
order ?
Mr. CARLILE. A motion to fix the day to
which the House shall adjourn is always in
order. It is a privileged motion. Now, Mr.
Clerk, I appeal to this House [Cries of
" Order ! The motion is not debatable !"]
The CLERK. It is always in order to sub-
mit a motion fixing the day to which the House
shall adjourn; but the motion is not debatable.
The motion is a privileged one.
Mr. CARLILE. I understand that the motion
is debatable. However, I will waive the point.
The CLERK. The'yeas and nays have been
demanded. Those in favor of ordering the yeas
and nays will rise.
Twenty-two members rose.
The CLERK.' There is not a sufficient num-
ber up.
Mr. CRAIGE. I demand tellers on the yeas
and nays.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Norton and
Edmundsoj* were appointed.
The question was taken; and the yeas and nays
were ordered, the tellers having reported—ayes
51; more than one fifth of those present.
The question was taken on the motion to
adjourn over; and it was disagreed to—yeas 40,
nays 176; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Allen, Barksdale, Henry S. Bennett,
Boyce, Broom, Cadwalader, John P. Campbell, Carjile,
Caskie, Bavard Clark, Cox, Cullen, Davidson, Henry Win-
ter Davis, Denver, Edmundson, Florence, Henry M. Ful-
ler, Gilbert, J. Morrison Harris, Heibert, Keitt, Kelly,
Lake, Lindley, Alexander K. Marshall, Huuiphiey Mar-
shall, Maxwell, Millward, Orr, Phelps, Rieaud, Richard-
son, Bust, William Smith, Walker, Wheeler, Whitney,
Williams, and Zollicoffer—40.
NAYS—Messrs. Aiken, Alblight, Allison, Ball, Banks,
Barbour, Barclay, Bell, Henry Bennett, Benson, Biiling-
hurst, Bingham, Bishop, Bliss, Bocock, Bradshaw, Bi en-
ton, Brooks, Buffingtoa, Burlingame, Burnett, James H.
Campbell, Lewis D. Campbell, Caruthers, Chaffee, Ezra
Clark, dawson, Chngman, Howell Gobb, Williamson R.
W. Cobb, Colfax, Comins, Covode, Ciagin, Craige, Craw-
ford, Cumback, Damrell, Timothy Davis, Day, Dean, De
Witt, Dick, Dickson, Dodd, Dowdell, Dunn, Durfee, Edie,
Edwards, Elliott, Emrie, English, Etheridge, Eustis, Evans,
Faulkner, Flagler, Foster, Thomas J. D. Fuller, Galloway,
Giddings, Goode, Granger, Greenwood, Grow, Augustus
Hall, Robert B. Hall, Harlan, Sampson W. Harris, Thomas
L. Harris, Harnson, Haven, Hoiloway, TItiomas R. Hor-
ton, Valentine B. Horton, Houston, Howard, Hughston,
Jewett, George W. Jones, J. Glancy Jones, Kelsey, Ken-
nett, Kidwell, King, Knapp, Knight, Knovviton, Knox,
Leiter, Letcher, Lumpkin, Samuel S. Marshall, Matteson,
McCarty, McMullin, McQueen, Meacham, Killian Millci,
Smith Miller, Millson, Morgan, Morrill, Mott, Murray,
Nichols, Norton, Andrew Oliver, Mordecai Oliver, Paiker,
Pearce, Peck, Pelton, Pennington, Perry, Pettit, Pike,
Porter, Powell, Piuvidiice, Puryear, Quitman, Reade,
Ready, Ritchie, Rivers, Robbms, Roberts, Rufiin, Sabm,
Sage, Sandidge, Sapp, Savage, Scott, Seward, Sherman,
Shorter, Simmons, Samuel A. Smith, William R. Smith,
Sneed, Spmner, Stanton, Stephens, Stewart, Stranaban,
Swope, Talbott, Tappan, Taylor, Thormgton, Thursfon,
Todd, Trafton, Trippe, Underwood, Vail, Valk, Wade,
Wakeman, Walbridge, Waldron, Warner, Cadwalader C.
Washburne, Elhhu B. Washbume, Israel Washburn,
Watkins, Watson, Welch, Winslow, Wood, Woodruff,
Woodworth, and John V. Wright—176.
So the House refused to adjourn until Wednes-
day next.
Mr. SEWARD. I move that the House do
now adjourn; and on that motion I demand the
yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
Mr. CLINGMAN. I demand tellers on the
motion to adjourn.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Hoiloway
and Clingman were appointed.
The question was taken, and the House refused
to adjourn; the tellers having reported—ayes 75,
noes 106.
The CLERK. The question now recurs on
the motion of the gentleman from South Carolina,
that the motion of the gentleman from Ohio be
laid upon the table.
Mr. SEWARD. I move to postpone the con-
sideration of that resolution until Monday next.
The CLERK. The Clerk thinks that motion
is not in order. The yeas and nays have been
ordered on the motion to lay upon the table.
Mr. BENSON. I thought that the yeas and
nays were ordered on the adoption of the resolu-
tion.
Mr. KEITT. The gentleman from South Caro-
lina [Mr. Orr] moved to lay the resolution on
the table, and on that motion I demanded the
yeas and nays.
Mr. BENSON. Were they ordered ?
Mr. KEITT. They were.
The CLERK. The Journal clerk sustains the
gentleman's declaration. The yeas and nays have
been ordered.
Mr. McMULLIN. I appeal to the gentleman
from Ohio to withdraw his mo tion for the present.
If gentlemen on the other side of the House desire
that a vote be taken for Speaker let us have it.
[Cries of " Order !" " Call the roll!"]
Mr. SHERMAN. The speaking has been all
on that side of the House. There have been no
speeches made on our side of the House. Wo
think that it is too early to make speeches. I
therefore respectfully decline to withdraw my
proposition. I think that we ought to pursue
our constitutional business, and clect a Speaker
to preside over our deliberations. I do not deem
this the right time for debate.
