1856.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Third Judicial District United States Cowrt. July Term.
1856,
Estimated expenses of twenty men to guard Judge from
Great Salt Lake city, to Genoa, Oarson county, <?evpn
hundred miles through an Indian country, seventy-five
day,-, going and returning, at four dollars per day for man
. and horse, $300 each   $6,000 00
Four baggage wagons seventy-five days, five dol-
lars each    1,500 00
JEtations seventy-five days each one dollar, 1500.... 1,500 00
Thirty-six (grand and petit jurors) twelve days
at two dollars each, 72  864 00
Witnesses    648 00
Mileage for jurors and witnesses  360 00
Guard service and other expenses incident to
serving writs, &c. in an Indian country  2,000 00
Estimated expenses of court and jury rooms,
twelve days, at fifteen dollars per day  180 00
Stationery, lights, &c.,  100 00
Marshal's fees and per diem, $500—commission-
ers,#^ 44   765 44
Bailiffs and criers per diem    320 00
$14,037 44
Thus we have a charge of over §14,000 for
holding two terms of six days each of the dis-
trict court of the United States in the Territory
of Utah. This is the report of the marshal made
here, and these accounts are certified to by the
judges somehow.
Mr. BENJAMIN. That is $1,200 a day.
Mr. TOOMBS. Yes, sir; that is the way the
money is taken. There is no other mode of pro-
curing accountability except by holding respons-
ible the party who spends the money. We snoald
hold him to the same responsibility that we hgjd
disbursing officers in the Army and Navy and
civil service of the country.
', Mr. PUGH. I do not see the parallel between
the cases. How can you compare an executive
officer, a marshal, who pays out money on the
order of a judge by express requirements oflaw,
with a disbursing officer in the Army or Navy or
civil service who pays on his own discretion ?
Mr. TOOMBS. But those officers are ordered
to pay.
Mr. PUGH. Then the order is their protec-
tion.
Mr. TOOMBS. It very often happens that an
inferior officer is ordered to pay a certain amount
for transportation*, for example—or I will take a
ease which we have been arguing for a week or
two: Suppose a captain in the Navy orders four
'assistant masters to be on duty when he is entitled
to but two. The purser is ordered to pay them,
and whfen these accounts come here that item is
disallowed.
Mr. PUGH. That would be a void order in
itself.
Mr. TOOMBS. It is utterly impossible, I
think, to have security in any other way. The
Senate will see that every one of the items com-
posing the United States court expenses is made
up by the marshal. It is nothing but his accounts
confirmed. He is the man that makes them
wrong from the start, and therefore he is the
proper person to be held responsible. He ought
to know how to make out a bill of costs. We
.have found by experience that the judges usually
certify to whatever accounts the marshal presents.
While I admit that there is a point in the position
of the Senator from Ohio, and though this pro-
vision may lead to a temporary inconvenience, I
■think it is impossible for you to protect the Treas- i
ury without holding the marshal responsible for 1
illegal expenses, whether paid by the approval j
of the judge or otherwise. j
Mr. GEYER. The Senator from Georgia sup- i
poses that this is an analogous case to that of a ]
disbursing officer in the Army or Navy, and con- |
tends that, because a disbursing officer who pays i
under an illegal order is held responsible for that ,
payment, a marshal who pays money under a I
legal order ought, therefore, to be responsible for ,
the legality and regularity of that order. Now, |
I apprehend there never was a case where a dis- j
feursmg officer in the Army or Navy paid upon j
an order authorized by law, and where he was .
commanded by law to make the payment upon 1
'that order, in which he has been held responsible |
for the payment. In this case the law requires !
and commands the marshal to make payment on ;
the decision of the judge. He has no discretion, ;
as your disbursing officer has. When a voucher j
is presented to a disbursing officer, he is made
the judge of the sufficiency and regularity of the
charge, and he takes upon himself the responsi-
bility of making the payment; but in this case
you appoint a district judge, and say that upon
his decision and mandate the marshal shall exe-
cute his decision, and he is under a heavy penalty
to do so. In the mean time you propose to
allow an appeal, and make him take the conse-
quences of a reversal. It seems to me that this
is altogether a different case from that supposed
by the honorable Senator from Georgia. I hope
the amendment will prevail. The bill contains
many valuable provisions. The mischiefs which
exist ought to be corrected; but I do not think
they should be corrected at the expense of the
marshal, who is acting under the orders of the
law, and not merely of the judge.
Mr, HUNTER. Do I understand the Senator
from Missouri to say that, when the judge passes
on those accounts, he passes on them as a judge—
that it is a legal decision—that it makes them
legal? Does he not pass on them merely as an
auditor ?
Mr. GEYER. The law requires the marshal
to pay the accounts on the order of the court.
Mr. HUNTER. Would it not be in the power
of the marshal to refuse to pay, if an order were
made contrary to the regulations of the Treasury
Department.
Mr. GEYER. I apprehend not. It is made
a part of his legal duty under a penalty.
Mr. HUNTER. It seems to mc, then, that so
much of the previous laws as makes it imperative
on him to pay to the order of the judge, should
be repealed. 1 think the accounts ought to be
brought here for revision. I believe the general
system of accountability m the Treasury ought to
apply to the marshal's accounts as to every other
class of accounts; and if there be anything in the
existing state of the laws incompatible with that,
it ought to be repealed. I ask the Senator from
Georgia, if he cannot introduce an amendment to
that effect ?
Mr. TOOMBS. I am perfectly willing to agree
to an amendment of that kind. I want the ac-
counting officers here to have the final decision.
Mr. HUNTER. I think that is indispensable.
Mr. BENJAMIN. There is a difficulty which
neither of the Senators, as yet, has adverted to.
When a cause is tried, and the witness is sum-
moned, and is in attendance on the court, he is
entitled to his fees for his attendance, and they
must be paid at the time. That witness cannot
wait, and come back a distance of one hundred
miles, or more, a^ie end of the year, when the
marshal's accouiwPare settled, for the purpose
of getting his dollar, or two dollars, or three dol-
lars. He must be paid at the time, so that there
must be responsibility at that time somewhere
for the payment of witnesses' fees; and so, too,
of the jurors' fees. Now, as the law stands, the
marshal takes the order of the judge, and pays
those fees. The difficulty in the law, as the Sen-
ator from Georgia has very well explained, is,
that marshals are corrupt, that judges are, per-
haps, sometimes corrupt—very rarely, I hope—
hut very often are careless; ana the consequence
is, by abuse of power in the marshal, large extra
numbers of witnesses are gathered together at the
cost of the United States, and for numbers of
days, far exceeding what is requisite.
The committee propose to remedy the evil by
making; the marshal's accounts examinable here
by the accounting officers of the Treasury. The
objection made to that is this: the marshal has
been bound to pay, and if you make his accounts
reexammable, and those accounts are not allowed,
you place him in a false and dangerous position,
which he ought not to occupy. The reply, I
think, to that objection, is very plain and clear.
If the marshal honestly attempts to have the
costs properly taxed, if you make it his duty, by
putting him in this dangerous position as regards
his accounts, to see that no overcharges are made,
the consequencc will be that the marshal will
watch the expenses of the cause, and if the judge
orders an overpayment he will enter his opposi-
tion and urge it and litigate; and if, upon a fair
and honest opposition to the order of a judge so
made, the judge shall finally determine, notwith-
standing the marshal's objection or opposition,
that he must pay that amount, there is no danger
whatever that the officers of the Treasury will i
then refuse to allow the charge on the ground
that it has been forced on him and he had no op-
portunity of avoiding the payment. But as the
law now stands, the order of the. judge being
final, and the accounts not being examinable
here, the marshal has no interest in opposing
anything. On the contrary, he hasan interestin
colluding to increase the expenses; and .the judge
carelessly approving them, the whole amount is
paid here without examination. I think the
remedy of the committee is the only feasible one.
There will be an occasional, a very rare case-of
injustice done to a marshal; but when that is done
he must do as all other public officers-do, apply
to Congress for a remedy if he is oppressed by
the Departments. I do not think, however, that
you will find an Auditor of accounts or a Secre-
tary, to whom an appeal is allowed, who will
mulct a marshal with a disallowance of items
which he has strenuously opposed in the interests
of the Government, and which he has been abso-
lutely forced to pay by the superior power of the
judge.
Mr. BUTLER. Mr. President, although this
bill comes from the committee with which I am
connected, I do not profess to have any especial in-
formation on the subject. The Senator from Geor-
gia has had the bill under consideration, and he has
made explanations, such as have been approved
by my judgment, and I give that approbation
now. Heretofore, as far as my experience and
investigation have gone, the interests of the mar-
shal, the interests of the witnesses, and the inter-
ests of the jurymen, have all concurred; and the
consequence has been that abuses have accumu-
lated from time to time without any correction.
It is said they maybe corrected by judicial
discretion, or by the interposition of judicial
authority, in bringing these expenses down to a
proper limit. Now, it is not worth while to dis-
guise the fact, that the remote district judges
might as well sign the paper, as presented by the
marshal, with the hand over the writing, as in any
other way, for, as well as I understand, they do
not investigate the charges. Perhaps, at the end
of the term, they sign accounts and let them go on
the faith of the marshal; but make the marshal
an adversary party to sift the costs at the time the
accounts are made up, and, I answer for it, you
will secure something like truth. I never knew
a case where money was disbursed without there
being an adversary interest, when it did not go all
on one side.
Under the present system, I regard the jurors
and witnesses and marshal on one side, and the
judge as indifferent; and signs the accounts with-
out examination. As the Senator from Louis-
iania says, I will answer for it practically that if
the marshal is placed in opposition to examine
these accounts and see that justice is done, the
district judge will not be reversed one time out of
five thousand by the Department. I do not think
any gentleman occupying a position in one of
these Departments would interfere with the de-
cision of the judge when the marshal himself
had been in an adversary position to correct the
accounts. I am willing that something like jus-
tice shall be attained when there are parties to d#
justice; but when all run one way, depend upon
it, the result must be mischief. Why, sir, the
abuses which have been committed in this way
are beyond anything 1 dreamed of until present-
ed by the committee. I shall go for the bill.
Mr. GEYER. The honorable Senator from
Louisiana supposes that he has found a remedy
for an acknowledged evil by a compulsion, which
he supposes the bill provides upon the marshal
to become a party to every bill presented by a
juror or a witness. He admits that there is a
necessity that the witnesses and jtpors should be
paid immediately, and therefore is unwilling, I
understand, to repeal that portion of the law
which makes it obligatory on the marshal to
make the payment on an allowance by the court.
He then supposes that jurors and witnesses will
be drawing money in that way to which they are
not entitled; but he proposes to leave the law
stand which compels the marshal to pay them
money to which they are not entitled, upon the
order of the court, he to take the risk of an af-
firmance of the judgment of the judge of that
court upon the bill of costs.
Now, Mr. President, this remedy which is to be
substituted seems to me to be altogether extrav-
agant, when it proposes to make the marshal a
party to the account of every witness and every
juror, and compel him to be in attendance in
court when the bill is presented, to have it taxed,
