1856.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
63
34th Cong.... 1st Sess.
Organization of the House—Mr. Sherman.
Ho. op Reps.
Mr. Clerk, we hear a great deal now-a-days I
about Americanism—and by not a few of those,
too, who call themselves, par excellence, Republi-
cans. Now, sir, hns America—with her hun-
dreds of millions of foreign trade, and millions
almost beyond count of internal and domestic
trade—with all her incalculable resources of com-
merce, agriculture, and manufactures in a state
of rapid development—has America, the asylum
of the misruled, misgoverned, and oppressed of
ail climes—the home of civil and religious liberty*
—the lisjht of the world, and the hope of man-
kind, no higher objects to occupy our attention
than those questions which, whatever may be
their merits touching the condition of the African
race in the several States and Territories, do not
properly come within the purview of our duties
to look after here?—questions, the discussion of
which in this Hall can have no possible effect
but to create agitation, stir up strife, array State
against State, section against section, and to
render the Government, by suspending its legisla-
tive functions, incapable practically of perform-
ing those great and essential objects for which
alone it was expressly created.
These views I submit to-the considerate atten-
tion of all. I shall trespass no longer upon your
indulgence. I thank the House for their kind-
ness In hearing me. I must apologize for the
time I have occupied the floor. I had no idea,
when I arose, of speaking ten minutes. I barely
wished to say to the gentleman from Tennessee,
[Mr. Zollicoffer,} that those gentlemen from
the South who had voted for the Missouri line,
could not, because of such votes, be justly held
or considered the advocates of the constitutional
power of Congress to prohibit slavery in the
Territories; and but for his extended reply,
bringing out new matter, I should not have taken
up the ten minutes allotted.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. Mr. Clerk, I
do not propose to detain the House but for a
moment. I think that the opinions of tha g^itle-
man from Georgia [Mr. Stephens] in reference
to the power of Congress, or of the people, with
respect to the Territories, have, within a few
years, undergone changes not a little remarkable,
and not a little funny. In 1850 the gentleman j
from Georgia, as I have understood, believed in j
the constitutionality of the Wilmot proviso, and, j
of course, of the Missouri compromise. He was j
in favor at that time of perpetuating and extend- 1
ing a compromise which he now alleges was in
effect repealed and destroyed in 1821. Let us
hear what he said in reply to the gentleman from
Virginia, [Mr. Bayly,] who, on account of ill
health, 1 am sorry to say,is not now in his seat:
" I remember that speech well. I disagreed with it then
and now. t did not then hold, nor do I now, that the
people of the Territories had any such right as contended
for."
That is, the right of popular sovereignty—the j
right to decide for themselves, while in a terri-
torial condition, whether they would or would
not have slavery. i
" I have alluded to this speech barely to answer the gen-
tleman out of his own mouth. I hold, that when this Gov-
ernment gets possession of territory, either by conquest or !
treaty, that it is the duty of Compress to govern it until the '
people are prepared to be admitted as a State into the Union,
at the discretion of Congress." j
Until that time, the power over the Territory .
in regard to its domestic affairs, and, of course,
to this question of slavery, is—where ? Where
but in Congress ? There it is, and there only,
said the gentleman from Georgia in 1850.
Mr. STEPHENS. The gentleman is wholly
misquoting £*pd Misapplying. That speech was
made on a very different point to what I have this ;
day discussed. I protest against any garbleid por-
tion of my speech being read with an application !
which it never had. That speech was on the
inherent right of the people—squatter sovereign- '
ty—which I have this day discussed. I held that
there was no inherent right of the people outside
of the Federal Government to setup an independ-
ent government. I hold so now. That is the
principle I maintain.
Mr. WASHBURN. I hope that the gentleman
will not further interrupt me.
Mr. STEPHENS. When I am alluded to I
must reply. ■
Mr. WASHBURN. As to garbling the gen-
tleman's speech I will say that I have done no
such thing. The quotation is word for word
and letter for letter from the Congressional Globe
of the time; and the House will judge whether I
misapprehend or misunderstand nim. He says,
and emphatically, this power, and of necessity the
whole power and duty, are in Congress ana no-
where else. What did he say when, in 1854, the
Nebraska and Kansas bill Whs up for our consid-
eration ? He used the following language:
" That the citizens of every distinct and separate com-
munity or State should have the right to govern themselves
in their domestic matters as they please, and that they should
be free from the intermeddling restrictions and arbitrary
dictation on such matters from any other Power or Govern-
ment in which they have no voice. It was out of a viola-
tion of this very principle, to a great extent, that the war
of the Revolution sprung."
Again:
" We do not ask you to force southern institutions or our
form of civil polity upon them; but to let the free emigrants
to our vast public domain, in every part and parcel of it,
settle this question for themselves, with all the experience,
intelligence, virtue, and patriotism they may carry with
them. ThiSj sir, is our position. It is, as I hate mid, the
original position of the Sovth. It is the position she was
thro urn. hack upon in June, 1850. It rests upon that truly
national and American principle set forth in the amendment
offered in the Senate on the 17th of June, which I have
stated; and it was upon the adoption of this principle that
that most exciting and alarming controversy was adjusted.
This was the turning point; upon it everything depended,
so far as that compromise was concerned."
Then the gentleman, as I understand from his
speech, took the ground that the right to govern
the Territories belonged to the people of the
Territories, and that under this right they might
decide whether they would .have slavery or not.
Then it was that he indorsed the doctrine of pop-
ular sovereignty.
Mr. Clerk, in 1850, if I have not entirely mis-
taken him, he held to the doctrine, so far as the
constitutional, power is concerned, which is held
by the Republicans of this day. In 1854 he held
to the popular sovereignty doctrine of the dis-
tinguished Senator from Michigan, General Cass.
To-day, he holds that there is no such power
either in Congress or in the people; but he says
that he will ratify what the people may do there.
First, there was power in Congress, then there
was power in the people, and now there is power
nowhere.
Mr. Clerk, the gentleman has taken occasion
to complain of the party with which I am acting,
because they have takefi the name of Repub-
lican. What better or more fitting name could
be assigned to, or assumed by, the party which
now stands here occupying the ground that has
been maintained by the Republicans of this coun-
try from the foundation of the Government? Sir,
if I have not erred W my reading of history, a
long time ago there was a distinguished Repub-
lican in this land—one so prominent and influ-
ential that he came to be regarded as the father
of the Republican party: his name was Thomas
Jefferson. He, sir, was the author of the great
principle on which we all stand to-day. He
taught this people that it was their duty to
prevent the extension of slavery over the free,
virgin earth of the Almighty. Such was the
doctrine of the father of Republicanism, and it is
our doctrine; and, if I have not misread history,
there was a Republican party in 1820. There
was then a Republican President, and his name
was James Madison. He had a Republican
Cabinet, of which three of the members were
from the South; and during the administration
of that distinguished Republican from Virginia,
the Missouri compromise, which concedes and
involves the right of Congress to prohibit sla-
very, was passed, and, on consultation, approved
by the Republican President and the Republican
Cabinet, composed of such men as Calhoun,
Crawford, and Wirt.
And, sir, from the origin of the old Republican
party there have been territorial bills passed by
Congress founded upon this idea and this princi-
ple of slavery restriction. It was in 1854, wflen
gentlemen came here and undertook to stride
down that principle by the repeal of the time-
honored compromise, that true and patriotic men
perceived that there was a necessity for'a Repub-
lican party—a party which should plant itself
upon the foundations, inculcate the doctrines, and
perform the work of the old Republican party;
and thus, and for these reasons, the Republican
! party was formed. It could not help being
! formed. Men who believed in the great truths
i of the fathers, upon which alone Republican in-
stitutions can rest, saw that they must unite in
defense of those truths; and, in seeking for a
name, they could find none more appropriate and
fitting than that worn by the party which taught
and enforced them so nobly in the early days of '
the Republic. They espoused the principles of
the old Republicans upon the only question of
that day, which is an important and national
question now; they took also their name and ban-
j ner—the br*ad white banner, on which is writ-
| ten, in letters of sunshine, " Union for the sake
j of liberty, and liberty for the sake of humanity."
I Their right to both shall never be contested; nor,
j while in their keeping, shall either be tarnished
| or sullied.
The CLERK. The gentleman's time has ex-
pired.
Mr. FULLER, of Maine. I will ask my col-
league if that question of Republicanism and free-
dom was an issue in the late election in our State ?
i Mr. WASHBURN. I had occasion to speak
upon that subject the other day, but I will an-
swer my colleague's question by saying that 1
think it was in some measure an issue. I under-
stand, however, that my colleague traversed the
State, and made speeches at sundry points and
places, and that he denied, in his speeches, that
it was an issue, and claimed that votes should be
given to his party because of certain local laws
of the State, which he said were eminently tyran-
nical. [Laughter.] And if I have not been mis-
informed, that was one of the most interesting
and moving parts of his speeches, in which he
depicted his own unfortunate condition, by de-
claring, solemnly and mournfully, that he, living
in a frontier town, upon every occasion when he
i was desirous of "wetting his whistle," was
obliged to leave this boasted land of liberty, and
go over into the British province of New Bruns-
wick. [Laughter.]
organization of the house.
REMARKS OF HON. J. SHERMAN,
OP OHIO,
In the House of Representatives,
January 16, 1856.
The question was upon the adoption of the
following resolution, offered by Mr. Thorinoton,
of Iowa:
Resolved, That Lewis D. Campbell be declared the
Speaker of the House of Representatives for the Thirty
Fourth Congress of the United States.
Mr. SHERMAN (when his name was called )
said: The proposition of the gentleman from
Iowa places me in a very embarrassing situation.
Up to this time I have never had. any doubt as
to how to cast my vote, but now I confess, in all
candor, that I do hesitate.-- The result of my
reflection is to vote for this resolution. In doing
so 1 separate, to some extent, from many of my
own colleagues, and from many of my friends.
I desire, therefore, to state the reasons why I shall
so vote. For twenty-three times I voted for Lewis
D. Campbell, of Ohio. It was the desire of the
people of my district, and of the State which I in
part represent, that Mr. Campbell should be in-
vested with the high honor of presiding over the
deliberations of this House. I voted for him in
good faith, and desired his election. For ninety-
one times I have voted for the distinguished gen-
tleman from Massachusetts, [Mr. Banks.] I have
likewise voted for him in good faith, desiring on
each ballot to secure his election.
But now, without the knowledge of my dis-
tinguished colleague, and without consulting, so
far as I know, any of the Representatives of the
State of Ohio, the gentleman from Iowa offers
this resolution. If he belonged to either of the
farties in this House who do not agree with us
might regard it as designed to divide and dis-
tract us; but I am satisfied that such was not the
purpose of that gentleman. He is a friend, true
to the principle which unites us, and his object
was simply to show to the House and the country,
tHat we were willing to organize by the election
of any reliable anti-Nebraska man as Speaker.
