64
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[January 16,
34th Cong....1st Sess.
Organization of the House—Mr. Sherman,
Ho. of Reps.
Such certainly is my desire, and therefore I shall
vote for the resolution. . , ,
Here, sir, I might end this explanation, but by
the courtesy of the House many members have
been allowed to express their opinion upon the
question seriously considered by our constituents
—who is responsible for our failure to organize ?
"Waiving for the present the duty which, in my
judgment, requires every one of us to vote for
the plurality rule, whoever it may elect,. I desire
to say candidly that I think the great responsi-
bility rests upon those gentlemen who, professing
to be, and no doubt being, opposed to the repeal
of the Missouri compromise, and agreeing with
as ia our anti-Nebraska sentiment, have yet
separated from us, and have uniformly voted for
gentlemen who have been voting either for Mr.
Campbell or Mr. Banks.
Mr. DUNN. Will the gentleman allow me to
interrupt him ?
Mr. SHERMAN. Yes, if the gentleman will
not take much of my time.
Mr. DUNN. I have to state to the gentleman
from Ohio and to the House, and, adopting the J
common parlance here, "to the country, that 1
am not answerable to the gentleman, nor to tmti
House, nor to any one outside of my own district^
for any votes which I may give hew for Speaker.
There, sir, I can make this matter satisfactory;
I can make it satisfactory upon the record I now
hold in my hand. I will be held to no responsi-
bility here, and I will submit to no reflections on
my course here.
Mr. SHERMAN. The gentleman from Indiana
eertainly could not have supposed that I intended
to cast any personal reflection upon him; but the
votes of the little party with which he acts are
proper subjects for discussion. The responsi-
bility for the organization of this House is a public
matter. The people of the country are looking
to us and fixing the responsibility here and there.
I have a right to my own judgment as to where
that responsibility rests, and I will express it
freely and frankly. Having done so, I say this,
that the only way in which those gentlemen who
have been acting separately from us can justify
their course is by adducing ta this House a good
reason why Mr. Banks is not fit to occupy that
chair. If they can cast the least shadow of sus-
picion upon him—if they can show that he has
demanded pledges or promises in order to obtain
that position—if they can justly cloud him with
even a shadow of dishonor, I will be the first man
to leave him;—ay, if they will give to the House
any reason that would satisfy even gentlemen on
the other side that Mr. Banks is unfit for that
position, 1 rwiil leave him, and vote for the gentle-
man from Indiana, or for anybody else; but since
they have failed to give any such reason, I have
felt myself bound uniformly and honestly to vote
for the distinguished gentleman from Massachu-
setts. If this resolution does not pass, I shall
continue so to vote hereafter.
I do not pin my faith to any maw. I am an inde-
pendent Representative here, and I will vote for any
one of a dozen—ay, of a score af those who have
been acting with me upon this side of the House.
I will vote for no supporter of this Administra-
tion. I will not vote for the gentleman from Penn-
sylvania, [Mr. Fuller.} If the sorry alternative
should be presented to me,I would rather vote
for the gentleman from Illinois, [Mr. Richard-
sow,] because we are told that the gentleman
from Pennsylvania represents an anti-Nebraska
constituency, and was elected, to some extent,
upon that principle, and the memory of a confid-
ing people, whose sentiments he does not express,
rises up in judgment against him.
Mr. FULLER, of Pennsylvania. As the charge
now made by the gentleman from Ohio has been
variously repeated, I will state a single fact: At
the same election when I iyas returned a member
of this House, ex-Governor Bigler, now United I
States Senator from Pennsylvania, was a candi- ;
date for the office of Governor, standing upon the
same platform with my competitor, addressing ]
the people from the same stand, and advocating
substantially the same measures. He carried the
district by a handsome majority, I'was elected
by over two thousand majority. I would not
have alluded to this fact but to correct a wror% J
impression, and to show that it was not the anti-i
Nebraska issue which determined that election.
It is but just to say, that a strong feeling existed
in my district adverse to the repeal of the Mis-
souri compromise; but I feel assured that I am
now representing the wishes of a large majority
of my constituents in resisting further agitation,
i • Mr. SHERMAN. I will take thegentleman's
declaration as true, as no doubt it is; but he has
declared upon this floor, that, if he had been a
member of the last Congress, he would have
voted against the repeal of the Missouri compro-
mise as an unwise and useless violation of public
faith; and yet he tells us this paradox, that now,
if he had the power, he would not reinstate that
prohibition of slavery in the Territory north and
west of Missouri.
Mr. HOUSTON. He said that he would doit.
Mr. SHERMAN. No, sir, I think he went
far beyond that the other day. His position, at ■
any rate, is known to the House and the country.
He goes far beyond the gentleman from Illinois,
and now tells us that Congress has no power to
prohibit slavery in the Territories—and that the
people who inhabit them can only do it when they
are forming a State government. Whatever his
constituents may say, an almost universal public
, opinion in the northern States has condemned
I him. A majority of his own friends and col-
! leagues, who supported him at the commencement
j of the session, deserted him when he defined his
; position; and now he is voted- fbr by the very few
! anti-slavery men from the free States who are
I willing to bow with submission to an acknowl-
edged wrong.
Sir,, however the fear of agitation may trouble
the gentleman from Pennsylvania, it will not deter
us from insisting upon the prohibition of slavery
north and west of Missouri. Nothing less than
; that will satisfy the country ; and if it is not done,
; as it probably will not be, we will maintain our
! position of resisting the admission of Kansas as
i a slave- State, under all possible circumstances.
; The CLERK. The gentleman's time has ex-
I pired.
I Mr. SHERMAN. I vote ay.
In the debate which followed the vote on the
foregoing resolution,
t Mr. DUNN said: I wish to make another
remark to some gentlemen upon this floor. Sev-
eral gentlemen have announced this morning to
the country—because it is the country which is
interested in all these matters—that the whole t
responsibility of this want of organization rested
uporrthosehere who,professing to be anti-Nebras- i
ka men, would not give their support to the gen-
tleman from Massachusetts [Mr. Banks.] Let
me tell those gentlemen, I fffn not only a professor
of anti-Nebraskaism, but one fully m the faith
and practice, and that I am almost as old upon
that subject as some who are the most noisy and
j stormy here now. Sir, I will not yield one inch
1 from the front line of those* who claim to be the
[ old soldiers, or the neophytes, in this army; and
: when you, gentlemen, one or all of you, under-
| take to read me from the church, I imagine, before
j this trial is through, the church will be ready to
j turn you. out. That is all I have to say upon
! that subject, save this:' I do not permit any one
of you to keep my judgment, my conscience, my
politics, or my honor; nor will you control my
j vote upon any subject here against my own sense
1 of right. They are in my own care, and I shall,
in all cases, conform to what I regard just and
; proper.
In reply to a question put by Mr. Gidoings, of
Ohio,
Mr. DUNN resumed. I wish only to say to
the gentleman from Ohio, as he has stated, that I
Game to the caucus, as he calls it, in pursuance
of a call signed by myself and some others, on
ti e occasion of the " informal meeting" of which
he speaks—a call which some other gentlemen
| rtfwstd to sign; but instead of finding a full meet-
! ingT found but a partial meeting; and the gentle-
1 men who were there I found to be simply pre-
pared—as seemed necessary in the predicament
of men who could not help themselves—to regis-
ter the edict of those who stayed away. There
| was no liberty of choice given them; their posi-
| tion was ridiculous. I was unwilling; to submit
j as a slave to any such thing; and, sir, I never
1 will. But I have s«idenough or this pointhere-
tofore, and will not repeat it. I am not here to
give reasons for my course, but simply to repeat
that no one here has any right to call my vole in
question. , T ...
Mr. SHERMAN. I would state that I did
not attend the meeting spoken of; but if the gen-
tleman [Mr. Dcnn] thinks that even now he can
five me any reason why, as an honorable mail,
should withdraw my vote from Mr. Banks, I
would like to know it, and I now desire that he
shall give it. Imputations have been thrown out
on this floor long enough; and I now say that,
if a charge can be proved against the candidate
for whom I am voting which can reflect any dis-
honor upon him, I shall abandon him; but if
the imputations thrown out against him cannot
be sustained by a direct charge, then they will
only bind me to him with links of steel, and I
will never abandon him. So I would, in all kind-
ness and in all courtesy, ask the gentleman fiom
Indiana, for whom I have high respect, to let us
have these charges and these proofs. [Here the
hammer fell.]
Mr. DUNN resumed the floor, but was re-
minded by the Clerk that his time had expired.
[Cries of "Let him go on!"]
The CLERK. If there be no objection, the
gentleman from Indian^ will proceed.
Mr. DUNN. I may take this occasion to make
an inquiry of the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr.
Sherman,] as to a fact which has been reported.
If it is incorrect, he cannot object that I give him
an opportunity to set it right; and that is, whether
he defeated his predecessor on this floor for the
seat that he now occupies, among others, for the
reason that he gave the very same vote on the
i Kansas and Nebraska bill on account of which
I make some objections to Mr. Banks? It may
be useful to the public to know just what have
been the views of gentlemen and of their constitu-
ents in regard to that vote, before the zeal here
to accomplish certain ends had sanctified all the
delinquencies of the past.
Mr. SHERMAN. When the gentleman is
through with his explanations, I will answer him
upon that point, as well as upon others which he
has made.
After Mr. Dunn dosed his remarks,
Mr. SHERMAN said: Mr. Clerk, when I rose
this morning and stated that, in my judgment,
the responsibility for the want of an organization
. of this House rested mainly upon those gentle-
men who have been voting for Mr. Pennington,
I -did not anticipate that that' remark woijld lead
to a general discussion by gentlemen upon all
, sides of the House. Sir, many opinions have been
expressed with regard to where that responsibility
rested. The Administration party have charged
it upon the anti-Nebraska men; those who have
been voting for Mr. Fuller claim it rests upon
both sides of the House; and the gentlemen with
whom I vote have insisted that the only solution
| of our difficulty is the plurality rule, which we have
repeatedly offered. I expressed the opinion—and
I now entertain that opinion still more strongly—
that those few gentlemen who have voted for Mr.
Pennington for some days past were responsible
for the non-organization of this House. I did
not impugn their motives. I did not attempt to
read them out of any party. I only alleged the
fhet, that those gentlemen—any three of whom
might, for a whole week, have organized this
House—were responsible for our inability to do
so.
And now, Mr. Clerk, let me examine the rea-
sons which have been given by the distinguished
gentleman from I ndiana [Mr. Dunn] fior the course
they have pursued. I appeal to every member
of this House whether, with the grave fact be-
fore us that this House has remained disorganized
fbr six weeks, while they have had the power to
close the controversy by the election of Mr. Banks-
at any moment, these reasons are not ridiculous ?
What are they? One was, that the friends of
' Mr. Banks desired that when my colleague with-
drew as a candidate that the vote should not be
concentrated upon Mr. Banks. Admit this to be
true, and what of it? Is it not right and proper
that the friends of a candidate who sincerely
desire his election should choose their own time
to press his claims. But suppose that this request
of the friends of Mr. Bank* was wrong, must
