THE CONGRESSIONAL GLQfMS.
July 31,
(tad to- become a party to a controversy between
the United States and the witness or juror, for
the eharge for (lis compensation. "Without an
express command of the law, or some penalty
for not doing it as proposed by this bill, a mar-
shal who should attempt to interfere, except
.when eft)led upon by the court as a witness tn
the settlement of the account of anybody else
sgainst the United States, would be considered
9$ impertinently interfering in business that did
(Hit concern him. I would ask the honorable
Senator, ifhe had been a juror, or a witness, and
-was about to present his account for allowance,
and the marshal should step up and interfere,
and attempt to engage in a controversy between
him and the United States, which the judge was
settle, how would he regard it? .
Mr. BENJAMIN. I will state to the Senator
that, under existing laws, I should consider it
very impertinent; but the object of this bill is to
make it quite pertinent and respectful.
Air. GEYEK.. So I understand it. Then, sir,
the object of the bill, as I understand the honor-
able Senator's explanation, is this: there are wit-
nesses and jurors who have been paid more than
they were entitled to. It supposes that other
witnesses and jurors may have demands of the
same character. They are to get the money out
of the pockets of the marshal by the express
command of the law; and in order to make the
marshal see that he-does not pay more out of his
pocket than he lawfully ought to pay, he is to
abide the decisoin of another tribunal before which
this judgmentupon which he has paid is to be re-
viewed. He cannot escape. And the answer is,
tht themarashal is to be made responsible for the
correctness of the judgment of the judge; and if
the judge shall err, even when he interferes, he
is still to be made responsible for that judgment.
As is very properly suggested by an honorable
Senator near me, the amount, after all, may be
allowed. If he is to come here and have such an
allowance made, ho having paid it after having
made an effort in the court to have it disallowed,
it will in the end amount to the same thing.
Mr. President, it seems to me that the appro-
priate remedy for the error of the judgment of
the judge would be this: if anybody is to be
punished for it, let it be the judge himself, and
not the marshal. But the law in that respect is,
I think, well enough as it stands. With regard
to the officers of the court, it is very easy to
provide that the payment shall be suspended until
the allowance is finally affirmed by the account,
ing officer here; but in regard to jurors and wit-
nesses, payment becomes necessary immediately,
and it will not do, in my judgment, to make the
marshal responsible for the errors of the court.
Mr. WELLEIi.. 1 desire to ask the Senator
from Georgia the reason why section thiiteen has
been inserted in this bill? It is a section which
provides that "no clerk, deputy clerk, marshal, or
deputy marshal, of any of the courts of the United
States, shall hold or exercise the duties of com-
missioner of any of said courts, nor receive
compensation therefor." 1 know that, in many
of the States, the clerk or deputy clerk is United
States commissioner. He has charge of all the
books and papers; and it seems to me to be much
more convenient that the duties of these officers
should be confided to the same person. Unless
there be some good reason for changing this prac-
tice, I desire to retain it as it is. In the State
which 1 have the honor to represent, 1 knowthat
the duties of commissioner are performed by two
of the cleiks. They are men admirably qual-
ified for discharging the duties of commissioner,
both intelligent men of legal learning 
Mr. TOOMBS. Let me suggest to the Senator
that it is as well to get along with one part of the
bill at a time. There is now an amendment
pending to the first section. When wo get to the
thirteenth section we can discuss that. If we go
on irregularly we shall have the discussion of
two or three points at once.
Mr. WELLER. I am not now proposing an
amendment. I am simply desiring to ascertain
the reason why this section has been inserted.
The discussion of the whole bill is now properly
in order.
Mr. BENJAMIN. Let me suggest to my
friend from California, that I have an amendment
to the thirteenth section; but I think we had bet-
terget through with this section at first.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Foot in
the chair.) The pending question is on the mo-
tion of the Senator from Ohio, to strike out cer-
tain. words in the first section.
Mr. PUGH. I propose to withdraw that
amendment, and to offer it in a different shape,
as a proviso to be added to tho end of the section:
Provided, however, That no account of fees or costs, paid
to any witness or juror upon the older of any judge or
commissioner, shall be so reexamined as to eharge any
marshal for an erroneous taxation of such fees or costs.
I wish to make one suggestion to the Senator
from Louisiana, and the Senator from South Car-
olina. They say that a marshal has been con-
cerned in summoning these witnesses. Why,
sir, the marshal does not order a single witness
to be summoned—he serves process. It is the
district attorney who names the witnesses. The
marshal has nothing to do with the number of
jurors; they are fixed either by law or by the
court. How is it his interest to increase or dimin-
ish the number of witnesses or jurors ? He has
no interest in it at all. He can make them neither
more nor less in number. Why is it that you
are to make it the interest of the marshal to liti-
gate the question ? It is the duty of the district
attorney, and you arc asking the marshal to per-
form the duty "of the district attorney. It is his
business to stand up for the United States in all
their courts,and see that no money is charged to
the Treasury improperly. Now, instead of light-
ing upon the corrupt judges of whom you have
spoken, or indolent district attorneys, you are
asking a man who is not a lawyer to depart from
his proper duty, and take upon himself their
duties.
I want to protect the Treasury of the United
States from improper charges; but if it can only
bo protected by shielding indolent district attor-
neys, or indolent or trifling judges, and sacrificing
men who are not supposed to be lawyers, I, for
one, shall vote against protection. I agree that,
in regard to all the rest of the marshal's charges—
all his charges for transportation of judges, for
transportation of prisoners, for his own fees, his
own costs, everything in relation to which he has
any responsibility—I would vote with Senators
to subject him to any amount of reexamination.
But when you say in one breath that he shall pay
tho money upon the order of the judge where the
district attorney should attend, and he does pay
it m obedience to law, and then say that he shall
have his account overhaulew^- the clerks in the
auditor's office, it seems to me to be an incon-
sistency.
Mr. TOOMBS. I will accept the amendment.
Mr. PUGH. I am much obliged to you.
Mr. TOOMBS. Although it is wrong, I will
accept it to get rid of a discussion. This is a
very small portion of the expense. It is as dimes
compared to thousands of dollars.
Mr. PUGH. The unjust judge was prevailed
upon after a hearing.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. WELLER. I now move to amend the
bill by striking out the thirteenth section, to which
1 have called attention.
The amendment was rejected.
Mr. WELLER. 1 made some inquiry awhile
ago why this change is proposed to be made in
the law, and I was in hopes that tho%Senator
who reported the bill would give me some reason
for it. It is a departure from the old law, and I
think it is due to the Senate that some reason
should be assigned for the change.
Mr. TOOMBS. There have been quite a num-
ber of abuses growing out of persons holding
two or three offices at once. These expenses
have grown very large. Sometimes a cleric of a
court is paid in three or four different characters,
as clerk, as commissioner, and as witness. As
a general rule it is better, especially in regard
to matters involving the disbursement of public
money in distant places, that one man should
hold butone office. It is more difficulttc impose
on the Treasury, where that is the case, than where
one man holds a number of offices together. 1
think it is proper to provide, that neither the
clerk, nor the marshal, nor the deputy clerk, nor
the deputy marshal, shall bold the office of com-
missioner. There are other persons who can dis-
charge the duties quite as well. They themselves,
at present, are of tentimes auditing their own
accounts. Under existing laws, A, as marshal,
audits the accounts of A, himself, as commis-
sioner. That is the difficulty growing out of it.
Mr. CASS. Mr. President, I have no doubt
that there are many abuses which ought to be
corrected, and I have no doubt that part of them
arise from the equivocal phraseology of the exist-
ing laws. The difficulties in regard to the account-
ability for public money I know by experience-.
They arise from the nature of our institutions and
the nature of our business. You require an offi-
cer, civil, military, or naval, at a distance from th#
seat of Government, to make payments. He makes
them on his discretion. The parties to whom he
pays the money are scattered. He comes here,
and his accounts are rejected by the Auditor. He
cannot get the money back from the parties to
whom he has paid it. That seems to be a hard
case.
The military rule, which has been referred to,
has not been correctly stated, I think. The rule
in the Army as to paymasters—and I suppose it
is the same in the Navy as to pursers—is thi^:
If a paymaster is required to make a payment,
and he doubts its propriety, or if he is required
by the commanding officer to make a purchase,
and he says he has no authority to do it, he in-
dorses his doubts on the order.- Then, if the
commanding officer reiterates it he >in?k%s the
purchase. If the account be rejected th^ amount
is charged to the commanding officer. . The pay-
master merely obeys his orders. T&at is the
provision in the Army on the subject, and has
been for a good while.
Now, sir, the accounting officers are liable to
mistakes like everybody else. They may make
mistakes in the settlement of accounts; they may
make mistakes to the amount of many thousands
of dollars, and nobody ever made the accounting
officers pay the money. There is one practical
difficulty with regard to them, which I will state
to the Senate. An accounting officer, with the
most perfect honesty and the greatest disposition
to do justice, by continuance in his position,
comes to have a leaning always in favor of the
Government. The operation of the mind of an
accounting officer of experience is not, what reason
is there why this amount should not be paid,
but what reason is there why it should not be
rejected. Perhaps this is the natural result of
their position. I will give you an instance that
occurred here, to my own knowledge, with one
of the most honest men this Government ever
had as Auditor, who was in the Department for
nearly half a century. He got into such a habit
that he distrusted every account. Senators per-
haps know that on the lakes there is a great
snpply of what arc called white fish. During a
portion of the last war with Great Britain we
were in extreme fear of starvation, and an order
was given to a quartermaster to purchase seine,
in order to catch fish. It was in the month of
November when white fish run. It was at a
time when supplies were vastly important to the
troops. The account came here to Washington,
and it was rejected. Why? The Auditor had
spent his life on the Delaware and Potomac, and
he said, " this is a cheat; fish do not run in No-
vember." He knew something about shad, and
he took it for granted that no fish ever run in the
fall. He came to the conclusion, at once, that
there was a combination to cheat the Govern-
ment, and he rejected the account, and charged
the officer with the amount. This occurred to
my personal knowledge, and I had to interfere
to have the matter corrected.
I have no doubt the accounting officers here
are very honest in the performance of their duty;
but because an account appears to be an extrav-
agant one, or because payments are made which
the offieermay think the law ought not to author-
ize, it does not follow of course that it was done
from bad motives. There may have been a,n
error in judgment. It seems to me that there
must be some discretion lodged somewhere. I
am willing to correct any actual abuse that exists.
I have not understood heretofore that the courts
took the initiative in the making out and paying
of accounts. I supposed the marshals paid the
accounts, and then the court certified to them.
This I presumed was the general course in the
district courts of the United States, but it may
be otherwise.
Mr. BUTLER. I think you are right.
Mr. CASS. I know this was the case; for
