1855.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
75
tion. They have their duties to perform, and I
■will say, so far as they have endeavored to dis-
charge their duty, I have no occasion to com-
plain. "We are not sent here to support this par-
ticular Administration or to oppose it. We are
sent here to discharge our duty as the Represent-
atives of the people, and the people will hold us
responsible for their proper discharge, as a coor-
dinate branch of the Government.
I will, Mr. Clerk, without trespassing further
upon the attention of the House, propose and
submit for the consideration of the House some
resolutions which I have drawn up. I will offer
them either as a substitute for that already before
the House, or will have them laid upon the table
for future consideration.
The resolutions of the gentleman from Mary-
land [Mr. Stewart] were sent to the Clerk's desk
to be read.
The CLERK. The gentleman's [Mr. Stew-
art's] time has expired; and therefore the Clerk
thinks that his resolutions are not in order at this
time. [Cries of "Let them be road!"]
The Clerk proceeded to read the resolutions,
but was interrupted by —
Mr. CLINGMAN, I am averse to interrupting
any gentleman on this floor. Cut it seems to me
better that we should proceed in order, and I hope
therefore that before the proposition is submitted
to the House, we will first dispose of the two
resolutions already ponding. I do not object to
the gentleman offering his resolutions at the proper
time, but I do object to anything that is not in
order.
Mr. MATJESON. Do I not understand the
Clerk to have decided that the resolutions of the
gentleman from Maryland [Mr.Stewart] are not
in order ?
Mr. CLINGMAN. I have objected in good
faith to the introduction of the gentleman's prop-
osition, because 1 think it is bettor to proceed in
order. After the pending propositions are dis-
posed of, then let the gentleman's [Mr. Stew-
art's] resolutions be introduced.
The CLERK. Objection having been made,
the resolutions of the gentleman from Maryland
[Mr. Stewart] cannot now be read.
Mr. MATTESON. As I understand the Clerk
to decide that the resolutions offered by the gen-
tleman from Maryland are not in order, I now ask
the gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Sherman] to with-
draw his resolution for the purpose of enabling me
to offer a proposition for a plurality vote to-day.
The CLERK. The gentleman from Maine
[Mr. Perrt] has control of the resolution before
the House; he havingacccpted the proposition of
the gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Sherman] as a
modification of his original resolution.
Mr. McMULLIN. I submit, Air. Clerk, that
the gentleman from Maryland [Mr. Stewart]
has a right to read his resolutions.
Mr. CLINGMAN". He has not; his time has
expired
Mr. STEWART. The resolutions which I
have offered are in the nature of a compromise. 1
want the House distinctly to understand that. I
should, like to have them read for the purpose of
having them acted upon at the proper time.
The CLERK. Objection having been made,
the resolutions cannot now be read.
Mr.STEWART. I appoal from that decision.
Mr. McMULLIN. I submit that it is perfectly
competent for the gentleman from Maryland [Mr.
Stewart] to read his own proposition.
Mr. CLINGMAN. It is not competent for
him to read them, inasmuch as his time is out.
Mr. RUST asked whether he was not entitled
to the floor?
The CLERK. Yes; but the gentleman from
Maryland has appealed from the decision of the
Clerk, and the question before the House is,
"Shall tho decision of the Clerk stand as the
judgment of the House?"
Mr. STEWART. I withdraw my appeal.
Mr. RUST took the floor.
Mr. BANKS. I ask the gentleman from Ar-
kansas [Mr. Rust] to yield me the floor for a
moment only-
Mr. RUST. I yield the floor to the gentleman
from Massachusetts.
Mr. MATTESON. I supposed, Mr. Clerk,
that I was entitled to the floor.
The CLERK. The Clerk has recognized the
gentleman from New York, [Mr. Matteson.]
Mr. BANKS. Then I desire the gentleman
from New York to yield me.the floor.
Mr. MATTESON. With pleasure.
Mr. BANKS. I was not present, Mr. Clerk,
in the Hall of the House at the moment that the
distinguished gentleman from Maryland [Mr.
Stewart] made allusion to myself. Inasmuch
as my attention has been calle'd to it by one of
my friends, I beg of that gentleman to do mo the
honor to repeat his suggestion, that I may re-
spond to it
Mr. STEWART. I had the honor to state
to the House, when I was up 
Mr. RUST, (interrupting.) I thought, Mr.
Clerk, that I had the floor.
The CLERK. The gentleman from New York
[Mr. Matteson] was entitled to the floor, and
he has given way to the gentleman from Massa-
chusetts, [Mr. Banks.]
Mr. STEWART, (resuming.) I took occasion
to state that the position of the gentleman whom
I had the honor to support for the speakership,
the distinguished gentlemary from Illinois, [Mr.
Richardson,] on the great questions which now
agitate the country, was distinctly and specifically
known; that the honorable gentleman from Penn-
sylvania [Mr. Fuller] had also, in his own per-
son, and from his own place in this House, defined
his position in reference to these great questions;
but that the attitude of the distinguished gentle-
man from Massachusetts [Mr. Banks] in reference
to these questions was not known, and that it
had been charged upon him by some member
here, that in a speech which he made in the State
of Maine, he had stated that, under some circum-
stances, he was willing to let the Union slide—
that he had used the words, "letthe Union slide.''
Ilis attitude, I remarked, was not precisely known
' in reference to these great questions before the
House; and I thought it was due to the House,
and to tho country, from that gentleman, or from
the friends who sustain him for the speakership,
that his attitude should be distinctly and unequiv-
ocally stated for the satisfaction of the House.
That is, I believe, in substance what 1 stated on
this subject.
Mr. BANKS. I have but a word to say. I
have never in my life expressed a sentiment of
indifference to the Union of the States—never in
my life. In tho speech which I made in Maine,
and which has boon referred to here, I said what
has been said by almost every man who has ever
alluded to the Union of the States. It had reference
to the future only, rthd to the natural results of
that new policy which has been inaugurated m
relation to the institution of slavery. And I ex-
pressed this opinion at that time that one such
result would be, if that policy were carried outto
what seemed to be its legitimate issue, to wean
the affections of good men from the Union of
States to which thoy have always clung. It was
an appeal to the people of that State, not against
the union, but to bring it again back to the prin-
ciples which animated its founders.
I never revised any report of that speech, and
am not responsible for the phraseology in which
its sentiments are clothed; but no report that I
have ever seen of it has represented me ns speak-
ing of the Union as it is, but, in every instance,
as speaking of the consequences to the country,
if that policy which I indicated should be carried
out to its last and legitimate results—prostituting
its gigantic powers to the extension of a single
interest, and strengthening and perpetuating its
influence in every part of tho country, in the
States whore it exists, m the Territories, and m
the free States.
I have never yet in my life expressed a feeling
of indifference to the Union of the States. I am
for the Union as it is, and not for its dissolution
under any circumstances. I will meet Us enemies
in the field of tho Union, to light for the Union.
I am for it as the guarantor of the rights of the
States, as the main prop—to use the words of
Washington—of the liberties of the American
people. And I trust that its existence may be
perpetual; that it may forever stand in the record
of human histories, crowned with an immortal
fame. [Continued applause.]
Mr. BOYCE. I desire to propound a ques-
tion to the gentleman from Massachusetts, [Mr.
Banks.]
The CLERIC. The gentleman from New York
[Mr. Matteson] has the floor.
Mr. BOYCE. Well, I ask that gentleman to
yield mc the floor, that I may ask the gentleman
from Massachusetts one or two questions at this
time.
The CLERK. Does the gentleman from New
York yield to the gentleman from South Caro-
lina?
Mr. BOYCE. Do so, just for a moment.
Mr. MATTESON declined to yield the floor.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I hope the gentle-
man from New York [Mr. Matteson] will allow
a question to be put to the gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts, [Mr. Banks,] for his last answer is
somewhat peculiar. Let the opportunity, there-
fore, be offered to him for finishing it up.
Mr. MATTESON. I am extremely desirous
of putting this thing to the vote, and I do not
wish, therefore, to yield the floor.
Mr. RUST. I think, Mr. Clerk, that I have
the right to the floor, and, if so, I am willing to
yield it to the gentleman from South Carolina,
[Mr. Boyce.]
The CLERK. The gentleman from New York
[Mr. Matteson] has been recognized by the
Clerk.
Mr. KEITT. Then, let the gentleman from
New York [Mr. Matteson] go on. What does
the gentleman want ?
Mr. MATTESON. I ask the gentleman from
Ohio [Mr. Sherman] to withdraw the resolution
which he offered on Saturday, so as to allow
me 
Mr. KEITT. He has no right to do so. The
resolution is within the control of the gentleman
from Maine, [Mr. Perry.]
Mr. MATTESON. I will take care' of that
matter in a moment. I understand that the gen-
tleman from Ohio [Mr. Sherman] offered a sub-
stitute for the resolution of the gentleman from
Maine. [Mr. Perry,] and thnt 
Mr. SMITH, of "Yersinia, (interrupting.) Mr.
Clerk, if the fl6or has been accorded to the gen-
tleman from Now York, [Mr. Matteson,] of
course he has a right to it; but, sir, he has already
, yielded it to the gentleman from Massachusetts
i '[Mr. Banks] and to the gentleman from Mary-
land [Mr. Stewart] for the purpose of explana-
tion. That explanation has not yet been fur-
nished, and it ought to be. I am not satisfied
with the answer of the gentleman from Massa-
chusetts, and, if no other gentleman will, I will
propound a question to him.
Mr. MATTESON. I must insist, Mr. Clerk,
that I have the floor, and I am not to be inter-
rupted. At. any other time I would be entirely
satisfied and gratified to have the gentleman from
Virginia [Mr. Smith] propound any question he
might desire to the gentleman from Massachusetts;
but at this stage of the proceedings I must insist
on proceeding to tho business before the House;
and, sir, if the gentleman from Maine is entitled
to the floor, then, for the purpose of enabling
him to speak to his resolution, I will yield it to
him.
The CLERK. Th'1 substitute was offered by
the gentleman from Arkansas. [Mr. Rust.]
Mr. MATTESON. [ yield to him, then. _
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I nse to a question
| of order Tho gentleman from New York 
The CLERK. The time of the gentleman
from New York has expired, and he has. there-
fore, no further right to yield tho floor.
Mr. SMITH. Well, sir. I still rise to a ques-
tion of order. My point of order is this: The
gentleman from Maryland [Air. Stewart] stal< d
an interrogatory that called for an explanation
! from the gentleman from Massachusetts, [Mr.
| li^xits.] The debate anested for the pur-
! pose of giving that gentleman an opportunity to
; explain. He did undertake to give that explana-
i tion, but such a one as I could not understand.
, I want him to place his position where it maybe
distinctly understood upon the subject indicated
. by that interrogatory. I therefore submit that,
! the floor having been awarded for that purpose,
. no other business is m order until the cxplana-
; tion has been finished. That is the question I
: submit, and I want the Clerk to decide upon it.
, If it be in order, I desire to propound a question
| to the gentleman from Alassachusetts.
] The CLERK. The Clerk overrules the ques-
j tion of order; but states that the gentleman from
I Virginia is entitled to the floor for ten minutes,
i Air. SMITH. Then if I have the floor I will
