1856.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
69
34th Cong....1st Sess.
Organization of the House—Mr. Sherman.
Ho. of Reps.
it be followed by the grave consequences that
have ensued ? I submit this question to the eandor
of any man.
Another reason has been urged,—more plaus-
ible perhaps, and that is, that Mr. Banks and his
friends were opposed to a caucus. Now, I say,
as one of the original friends of my honorable
colleague from Ohio, [Mr. Campbell,] so far as
my knowledge extends, he, as one of the candi-
dates, was not in favor of a caucus.
Mr. CAMPBELL, (interrupting.) When I
came to Washington, at the commencement of
this session, I confined myself for several days
to the hotel. I was called upon by various mem-
bers who were opposed to the Nebraska bill.
Some of them, who had been members of the
Democratic party, said to me, that they would
prefer to vote for a candidate for Speaker who
had not a caucus nomination; that a caucus nom-
ination would be a weight upon them at home.
My friends from the Northwest who called upon
me assured me, if we went into a caucus, I
should probably receive the nomination upon the
first ballot. I said to them I desired that no
course should be pursued, beneficial to myself,
which would tend to prejudice any anti-Nebras-
ka member before his constituents. I desired
them to take a course by which to ascertain who
was the strongest man, and, if they found it ne-
cessary to resort to a caucus in order to ascertain !
that, I was content to leave the matter entirely :
with them. I made no serious opposition to a
caucus, further than simply to say there were :
those who said they would prefer to cast their
votes for an anti-Nebraska Speaker without the
formality of acaucus nomination. I said further, :
that all I desired for myself was, that it should [
be ascertained in some fair and honest way who
could command, at the outset, the greatest rote ,
upon this question, let me know the result, and !
that that man should receive my support so long
as the contest should last. That is what I said. If
my colleague knows of my having said anything
to the contrary, he is at liberty to make the cor-
rection. :
I may as well say now, that I was disposed to :
regard a preliminary vote in the House prefer- ]
able, and just as good a means of ascertaining the
strongest man as a caucus could be, with barred i
doors. I uniformly declared that we should as-
certain who had the most strength, and then rally
upon him, and all I desired of my friends was,
if they should come to the conclusion that I was :
the man, after a fair test, they should stand by
me. This was all that I asked, of any one. For
the twenty-three first votes the greatest strength ;
was thrown upon me ; yet the votes given for 1
other anti-Nebraska candidates would not con- !
centrate upon my name for reasons then unknown j
to me, but which I now fully understand. On |
the night of the fourth day some of my friends 1
came to me, and advised me that I ought to with- .
draw from the contest. Against my own judg-
ment I yielded. My colleague [Mr. Sherman]
was one of them. I discovered I was about to be
abandoned by some of those who had professed
friendship on the next day, notwithstanding that j
I had requested only at the outset that I should >
not be voted for at all, unless I was to be sustained i
so long as I was in the lead of candidates on one j
side. I therefore determined to withdraw, and j I
did withdraw from the canvass. 11
Mr. SHERMAN. The remarks of my col- j!
league, then, have sustained the assertion I made :j
that he, and indeed all the northern members of !
this body, whose opinions decided the course of !'
the anti-Nebraska members of this House, ad- j
vised against a caucus. j j
Mr. CAMPBELL, (interrupting.) I wish to . j
have it distinctly understood that any remarks I j
may have made in opposition to a caucus were j
not predicated upon a personal desire, but upon >
the idea that perhaps a caucus might prove inju-
rious to the interests at home of some of those ■
who came here expecting to vote for an anti-Ne- j
braska candidate. .
Mr. SHERMAN. My colleague has stated j
the reasons why he thought it unad visable to have j
a caucus. They are satisfactory, and commended
themselves to the good sense of many of the ablest )
members on this side. Nevertheless, the fact |
stands out, that all the candidates who were i
New Series—No. 5
spoken of were, for reasons satisfactory to them- j
selves, opposed to a caucus. My friend before I
me, [Mr. Leiter,] who was one of the leaders I
of the Democratic party in Ohio, was always j
decidedly in favor of a caucus, and insisted that >
discipline was necessary to success. j
I allude to this merely for the purpose of dis- I j
posing of one of the reasons mentioned by the ;
gentleman from Indiana, [Mr. Dunn,] for his i
opposition to Mr. Banks. All the candidates are
liable to the same objection; and, whether there
is any force in it or not, it ought not to be urged
solely against Mr. Banks. j
But, sir, the gentleman from Indiana has called
the attention of the House to another fact, which
I suppose, from the tenor of his remarks, is a
reason for the course he has taken. The gentle- j
man from Massachusetts [Mr. Banks] voted on ;
the first vote for the gentleman from New York, 1
[Mr.Wheeler.] Well, sir, until thatgentleman
defined his position on this floor, I supposed they
both stood upon the same platform. I supposed !
that they were both anti-Nebraska Democrats.
But my friend from New York, [Mr. Wheeler,]
it seems, stands solitary and alone on a national :
Democratic platform of his own making; but j
when we came here, at the beginning of the ses-
sion, I certainly recognized him as a candidate,
occupying precisely the same position as the gen-
tleman from Massachusetts [Mr. Banks] does.
I would have voted for him [Mr. Wheeler] with
the same readiness with which I voted for the
gentleman from Massachusetts; therefore the gen-
tleman from Massachusetts should not be con-
demned for voting for a man who apparently, at
least, agreed with him in all respects.
The gentleman from New York had steadily
opposed the Nebraska bill, and his course had
been highly approved by the country and his con-
stituents. Since he has defined his position he
has received no Republican vote.
These are the only reasons that have been given
by the gentleman from Indiana [Mr. Dunn] that
now occur to me. It is true, he states that he
has others, but when called upon in good faith to
state them, so that thejr may influence the votes
of others, he tells us that he is not responsible to
this House for his reasons or his votes. Well,
sir, until he enlightens us we can only grope in
the dark, and form our opinions of the conse-
quences of his votes from the glimmering light he
yields us. These opinions I, as a member of this
House, have a right to declare, and that, too, |
whether lam an " old soldier " or a "neophyte." i
And, sir, since I have been drawn into this dis-
cussion by simply stating a fact, which in my :
judgment has been in the minds and on the lips
of thousands, 1 appeal to every member of this
House to judge of the truth of the fact I have
alleged, and whether the reasons that have been
stated by the gentleman from Indiana can justify
the grave consequences that have resulted from •
his course. Six weeks have been spent in futile |
efforts to elect a Speaker, civil war has been im- |
pending on our borders, and a breach of diplo- I
matic intercourse is threatened with Great Britain.
The appropriation bills and all the ordinary legis-
lation of Congress are suspended. The justhopes
of the people have been disappointed, and we are
compelled to appeal to a defeated Administration
to adopt the plurality rule to avoid a difficulty
which, in my judgment, ought never to have j
arisen. I
While I have felt it my privilege and duty to !
speak thus frankly of the course pursued by the !
party to which the gentleman from Indiana be-
longs, and to examine the reasons he has given
us why we should abandon our candidate, I have j
never impugned his motives, or attempted to read i
him out of any party. On the contrary, 1 have a j
high respect for his ability, and hope often to fol-
low his leadership in the contests on this floor. I
deeply regret that he now differs from the great
body of his political friends in the selection of a
Speaker. Yet truth and candor compel me to
say, that with all the reasons that have been
given, and with all the facts that are before the
House, the people of this country, North, South,
East, and West, will hold these anti-Nebraska
men who have refused to vote with us, when one
hundred arid seven members had concentrated
upon one man, and when three of them would
have elected Mr. Banks Speaker of this House—
I say public opinion throughout the country will
hold these gentlemen responsible for the delay in
the organization of this House.
Mr. DUNN. Will the gentleman from Ohio
permit me to interrupt him ?
Mr. SHERMAN. Certainly.
Mr. DUNN. The gentleman from Ohio is
simply showing that some gentlemen here have
not been occupying precisely the same ground on
the record as they have occupied before the coun-
try, and that that was one part of my reasons for
abandoning the gentleman from Massachusetts.
I would let gentlemen know that, whatever my
reasons were, they are not a matter which con-
cerns this House, or which the House has a right
to inquire into. I am answerable for them else-
where, and I will submit to no lectures here on
the subject. Such was the whole tenor of my
remarks on that point.
Mr. SHERMAN. It cannot be out of the re-
collection of the House that, when, a few minutes
since, the gentleman from Indiana was about
closing his remarks, and was intimating that he
had reasons for abandoning the gentleman from
Massachusetts, which would have influence on
the members of the House, I rose in my place
and desired him to state those reasons; and the
fentleman was permitted, by the courtesy of the
louse, to go on and state the reasons which
prevented him from voting for Mr. Banks 
Mr. DUNN, (interrupting.) The gentleman
from Ohio will allow me to interrupt him. Does
not this House distinctly recollect that to the
gentleman there, [Mr. Meacham,] and to the
gentleman here, [Mr. Sherman,] I again and
again declared that I would make no charge, nor
go into my reasons? That was well understood
and distinctly stated. No man could have mis-
understood me. It was too plainly stated.
Mr. COMINS. Will the gentleman from Ohio
allow me to state 
Mr. SHERMAN. Not now. I state this, that
the objection of the gentleman from Vermont
[Mr. Meacham] would have compelled the gen-
tleman from Indiana [Mr. Ddnn] to take his
seat; and that that objection was withdrawn for
the purpose of giving the gentleman from Indiana
time and opportunity to state the reasons why he
did not vote for Mr. Banks; and when objection
was withdrawn by the gentleman from Vermont,
that the gentleman from Indiana might proceed
to state the reasons why he holds this House
disorganized, he did proceed with his remarks,
aad did state reasons for not voting for Mr.
Banks. These reasons I have examined. If he
has not stated all, I have only to say, the House
fave him the opportunity—the friends of Mr.
Iasks invited the disclosure, and we have the
right to infer that we have now all that has pre-
vented him, and those who vote with him, from
uniting in the support of Mr. Banks.
I now proceed to but one point more, and then
I have done. It is this 
Mr. PENNINGTON, (interrupting.) Will
the gentleman from Ohio yield to me a moment
for the purpose of addressing to him an inquiry?
Mr. SHERMAN. I yield with pleasure.
Mr. PENNINGTON. I wish to know of the
gentleman from Ohio, whether I am to under-
stand him as imputing to me any responsibility-
whatever for the delay in the organization of the
House ?
Mr. SHERMAN. Most certainly not.
Mr. PENNINGTON. I think I should have
a nice little entertainment if I were to attempt to
put a ring in the nose of my friend from Indiana,
[Mr. Dunn.1
Mr. SHERMAN. I am far from imputing to
the gentleman from New Jersey any blame what-
ever. Every one must give him the highest credit
for his course here. He has uniformly voted for
Mr. Banks, while these gentlemen nave been
voting for him, [Mr. Pennington.] Here is the
rub. It is upon no question of principle they
withhold their votes; and the man they have
selected of all others in this House to nil that
chair gives his great name, his high reputation,
and his voice here, constantly in favor of the
gentleman from Massachusetts. The leader con-
demns his followers.
But I will proceed now to a matter personal to
