THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 21,
Mavnard's primer, becomes one of the best weap-
ons I think that I have seen anywhere.
Mr. COLLAMER. I wish to ask the Senator
from California one question. The Senator from
Rhode Island, [Mr. James], who is a practical
mechanic, has suggested to me that this manner
of undertaking to prime a piece by putting m a
tube to the vent has been fully tested by himself,
and that in point of fact, after firing a few days
it gives way and cannot be sustained.
Mr. WELLER. I intended to inquire into
that at the Ordnance department, having received
the same information as the Senator from Ver-
mont from the Senator from Rhode Island, who
is eminently a practical man. His statement to
me was, that after being fired one hundred times
the plug put in there would come out. I do not
know how that is; but I take it for granted that
the Ordnance department, in making the experi-
ment tested that, and looked at that question.
When they make a general report that the exper-
iment is successful, 1 take it for granted that they
have looked into the question.
Mr. MALLORY. I call the attention of my
friend, the chairman of the Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs, to the fact, that the States and Ter-
ritories have now some small-arms which no de-
gree of improvement can render efficient. I will
instance Hall's rifles, which are perfectly useless,
which were issued by the General Govern-
ment, and are now in the possession of the States
and Territories. No improvement on that gun
can possibly make it any better. It is worthless
now. I desire to ask whether, under this bill,
the States will have the right to surrender these
arms and draw others 111 lieu of them which may
be useful ? My State received a proportion of its
quota in Hall's rifles, and they have always been
useless since they were drawn. I ask whether
the committee would accept an amendmentauthor-
izmg the States to surrender the Hall's rifles given
to them, and draw others in lieu of them.
Mr. WELLER. I think that question requires
more examination than can be given to it now.
It ought to be examined by the Committee on
Military Affairs, so as to see bow far the General
Government should go in taking back old arms.
This bill simply proposes that, if they should re-
turn the muskets now in process of rifling at our
manufactories, the General Government will, at
its own expense, make efficient rifles out of them.
There is no proposition of course to call on the
States for the various arms, and reissue them in
any form, but simply to call for these old mus-
kets, in order thai the improvement may be made
on them, and then to redistribute them to the
several Stales.
The various amendments offered by Mr. Hun-
ter were agreed to.
Mr. SEWARD. How much do the amend-
ments rcduce the bill?
Mr. HUNTER. One million two hundred
thousand dollars. The original bill appropriates
&3,000,000-, this reduces it to $1,800,000.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Foot.)
The question is, Shall the bill be engrossed, and
read the third time ?
Mr. HALE. I am not going to make a speech
on this bill; I have done that,; but I wish simply
to discharge my duty by asking to have the yeas
and nays taken on it. I thought the bill was
useless entirely when it was introduced, and it
seems now to be admitted that two fifths of it
was so; but we are called upon to vote the other
three fifths. I think the friends of the bill hav-
ing admitted that two fifths of it was bosh, the
Senate should vote that the other three fifths are
so likewise.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. WELLER. I desire to move an amend-
ment to the bill, which is necessary to make the
appropriation correspond with the items. I move
to strikeout the words, " §3,000,000, "and insert
" $1,800,000."
The amendment was agreed to.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
on the engrossment of the bill, resulted—yeas27,
nays 10; as follows:
YEA3—Messrs. Allen. P.nyaril. rip 11 of New Hampshire,
Bell of Tennessee, Beujamm, Bright, Brodhead, Cass,
Clayton, Collame r, Dodge, Douglas, Fisli, Fitzpatrick, Foot,
Foster, (leyer, Hunter, Iverson, Mallory, Mason, Pratt,
Pugli, Seward, Slidell, Thomson of New jersey, and
Weller—27. '
NAYS- Wesere. Biggf, Durkee, Fessenden, Hale, Hous
ton, Thompson of Kentucky, Toombs, Trumbull, Wade,
and Wilson—10.
So the bill was ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading. It was read the third time, and
passed.
HARBORS IN MAINE.
Mr. HAMLIN. I ask the Senate to indulge
me by taking up Senate bill No. 54. I think it
will not consume many minutes of the time of
the body. It is a bill making appropriation for
three harbors in Maine. I ask it, because I may
not be here more than a very few days, and I am
anxious that the Senate shall vote on the bill.
I think it will receive no opposition. _
Mr. SEWARD. I voted against a similar
motion in regard to another improvement this
morning, for the reason that I thought we ought
to take up these bills in their order; but the Sen-
ate decided otherwise, and chiefly on the ground
of personal courtesy to the Senator from Dela-
aware, who wished to be absent after to-morrow.
That is precisely the case, as I understand it,
with the honorable Senator from Maine; and the
Senate, having established that precedent in the
one case, 1 hope this motion will be agreed to.
Several Senators. Take them up now.
Mr. SEWARD. We are ready to take them
up; but the honorable Senator from Michigan,
[Mr. Stuart ,] belonging to the committee, is sick,
and will be back in a day or two, and we are
waiting for him. I think it would be but proper
and fair to give the honorable Senator from Maine
a hearing.
Mr. HAMLIN. There are three items m the
bill, all works for which appropriations were
formerly made, and for which estimates are now
furnished. It may be impossible for me to be
here when the bills shall be reached in their order;
and I think if the Senate give me their attention
they will bo able to act on the bill in a few min-
utes, if they will indulge me m taking it up.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate pro-
ceeded, as in Committee of the Whole, to con-
sider the bill (S. No. 54) making appiopriations
for certain public works in the State of Maine.
It proposes to appropriate $8,000 for contin-
uing the repairs of the breakwater in Portland
harbor, Maine; §50,000 for continuing the break-
water at Richmond Island harbor, Maine; and
§15,000 for continuing the breakwater at Rock-
land harbor, Maine. The money is to be exp ended
under the authority of the SiWetary of War.
Mr. HAMLIN. These are all harbors directly
on the coast, by which all the commerce between
the Atlantic and the English coast must necessa-
rily pass. One is at the mouth of the Penobscot
river; the other is in Portland; and the other is
midway between Portland and Boston. There
are thousands of vessels which seek refuge, pass-
ing by these harbors every year, for protection.
They involve both our foreign and domestic com-
merce. There are no harbors on the coast of
Maine which can be more national in their char-
acter than these three. These appropriations are
all to complete works which have been begun. The
last appropriation in the bill is wrong, and I move
to amend it by striking out " Rockland," and in-
serting " Owl's Head.''
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HAMLIN. I move to add to the end of
that clause, " and extending the same to Eagle
Ledge." That is in accordance with the Secre-
tary's recommendation.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HAMLIN. I propose to strike out
" $15,000," and insert " §12,000," as that is the
sum estimated for by the Department.
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate as amended,
and the amendments made as in Committee of
the Whole were concurred in. The question was
stated to be: " Shall the bill be engrossed and
read a third time?"
Mr. HUNTER. I call for the yeas and nays
on that question.
The yeas and nays were ordered; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 24, nays 8; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Allen, Bell of New Hampshire, Bell of
Tennessee, Benjamin, Bright, Cass, CoUamer, Dodge, Dur-
kee, Fessenden, FMi, Foot, Foster, Geyer, Hale, Hamlin,
Houston, Jones of Iowa, Pratt, Sebastian, Seward, Trum-
bull, Wade, and Weller—24.
NAYS —Messrs. Biggs, Fitzpatrick, Hunter, Iverson,
Mallory, Pugli, Reid, and Toombs—8.
So the bill was ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading. It was read the third time, and
passed.
MARQUETTE HARBOR.
Mr. SEWARD. I think it is only just and
fair now that we take up and dispose of the
rest of these improvement bills in J^ir°™er.
I move, therefore, to take up the bill (b. No. db)
making an appropriation for the construction of
a harbor at Marquette, on Lake Superior, m the
State of Michigan.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate, as
in Committee of the Whole, resumed the cot-
sideration of the bill. No amendment being
proposed, it was reported to the Senate without
amendment; and on the question of ordering it
to be engrossed for a third reading, Mr. Biggs
called for the yeas and nays, and they were or-
dered; and bemg taken, resulted—yeas 21, nays
12; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Allen, Bell of New Hampshire, Bell of
Tennepsee, Benjamin, Cass, Collamer, Durkee, Fessenden,
Fish, Foot, Foster. Geyer, Hale, Hamlin, Jone^ of Iowa,
Pugh, Sebastian, Seward, Trumbull, Wade, and Wilson
21NAYS—Messrs. Biggs, Brodhead, Butler, Fitzpatrick,
Houston, Hunter, Iverson, Mallory, Pratt, Eeid, loombs,
and Weller—12.
The bill was read the third time, and passed.
HARBOR OF MANITOWOC.
Mr SEWARD. The next bill on the Calen-
dar is (S. No. 88) for continuing the improvement
of the harbor of Manitowoc, Wisconsin. I move
to take irtip.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. BUTLER. I move that the prior order
be dispensed with, and that the Senate proceed
to the consideration of executive business.
Mr. SEWARD. I hope that will not be done.
Mr. HALE. Is that motion in order until this
bill is disposed of in some way or other ?
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Foot in
the chair.) It is the every-day practice to inter-
pose motions to adjourn, or to- proceed to the
consideration of executive business.
Mr. HALE. A motion to adjourn is always
in order, but not so a motion for an executive
session. . ,
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It is the com-
mon practice of the Senate.
Mr. BUTLER. It is the common practice of
the Senate, and is generally acceded to, except in
the case of river and harbor bills.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
would hold, as a question of parliamentary rule,
that the motion could not be entertained until the
pending bill was disposed of; but the Chair will
receive the motion of the Senator from South
Carolina, in pursuance of the practice of the Sen-
ate. The question is on that motion, to proceed
to the consideration of executive business^
The motion was not agreed to; there being on
a division—ayes 13, nays 24.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The bill (S.
No 88) is before the Senate as in Committee of
the Whole.
It proposes to appropriate $12,500, to be ex-
pended under the direction of the W'ar Depart-
ment, for continuing the improvement of the har-
bor of Manitowoc, "Wisconsin, on Lake Mich-
igan.
Mr. SEWARD. I am instructed by the Com-
mittee on Commerce to offer an amendment to
this bill, to strike out " $12,500," and insert
"$62,780 92;" and strike out the word "con-
tinuing," and insert "completing."
The amendment was agreed to.,
The bill was reported to the Senate as amended,
and the amendment was concurred in. On the
question of ordering the bill to be engrossed, and
read a third time,
Mr. BIGGS called for the yeas and nays, and
they were ordered; and being taken, resulted—
yeas 23, nays 11; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Allen, Bell of New Hampshire, Bell of
Tennessee, Benjamin, Bigler, Bright, Cass, Collamer,
Dodge, Durkee, Fessenden, Fish, Foot, Foster, Geyer,
Jones of Iowa, Pugh, Sebastian, Seward, Trumbull, Wade,
Weller, and Wilson—23.
NAYS—Messrs. Biggs, Brodhead, Butler, Fitzpatrick,
Houston, Hunter, Iverson, Mallory, Pratt, Roul, and
Toombs—11.
So the bill was ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading. It was read the third time and
