66
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[January 9,
34th Cong....1st Sess.
Organization of the House—Mr. Bennett.
Ho. of Reps.
myself, which has been drawn- into this discus-
sion by the gentleman from Indiana, [Mr. Dunn.]
It has been charged on this floor—and Democratic
papers in the State in which I live have repeated
the story over and over again—that the canvass
in my congressional district in Ohio, against my
friend, General Lindsley, was conducted, and the
chief opposition to him made, on the ground that
he voted the same way as Mr. Banks did on
postponing the Pacific railroad bill. Now, 1
state to the House that I consider that vote
wrong. But if my predecessor had come home
all day to-morrow, as it would seem to be the
determination of certain parties we shall do—I
prefer a little " promiscuous spouting" to the dull
monotony of constantly calling the roll; but I pro-
testall the time against this compulsory, protracted
sitting. I would prefer to see gentlemen come
fairly up to the scratch, and do directly and openly
what they thus propose to accomplish by indirec-
tion and strategy.
Who are the men, Mr. Clerk, who are voting
with the Republicans againstadjoumment, d?eterm-
, | ined, as they have declared in caucus, to keep
and gone to the people of his congressional dis- ii the House in session until a Speaker is elected?
trict, and repudiated this Administration, which 11 The immortal aeventy-four—the simon-pures,
had sanctioned and adopted the repeal of the : ! who represent the Administration on this floor!
Missouri compromise as a party measure, ne
would have been returned here without oppo-
sition from the Republican party, precisely as
his colleague [Mr. Nichols] has been. But, in-
stead of this, he acquiesced in that wrong, and
allowed himself to be placed on a platform ^ap-
proving the general course of this Administration.
He would not pledge himself to vote for the
restoration of the Missouri prohibition. He oc-
cupied the same position as that now taken by
the gentleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Fuller,]
in acquiescing in what he declared to be wrong.
On this point alone, waiving all previous party
questions, we went before the people of my dis-
trict, he the nominee of the Administration party,
and I as the nominee of the Republican party. In
the canvass I gave him great credit for his gen-
eral fidelity to principle, and the manner in which
he had discharged his duty in Congress—speak-
ing of him everywhere with kindness—seldom
alluding to his vote on postponing the Pacific
railroad bill, but basing my opposition to him on
the fact that he was willing to acquiesce in the
Nebraska bill, and on certain contingencies allow :
the institution of slavery to be extended north ,
and west of Missouri. I declared that I never
would submit to the extension of slavery over
And do they hope, if they succeed in forcing an
election, that the honorable gentleman from Illi-
nois will be the occupant of that vacant chair?
By no means! They have not the remotest idea  . .
of such a result. The gentleman from Virginia, , I We can say to them, as would an Irishman under
of this House have been elected as opponents of
the present Administration of the National Gov-
ernment. It may be said, and truly, that that
Opposition differ among themselves—that they
£ire not united, and cannot unite, in their efforts
to elect a Speaker. But surely it does not follow,
for that reason, either that the friends of Mr.
Richardson are themselves entitled to the speak-
ership, or that they are released from all respon-
sibility in electing that officer. They will not be
held blameless in the premises, I can assure them,
though they may claim exemption on the ground
that they are a larger body than the conservatives
who are voting for Mr. Fuller. The Banks
men make a larger party in the House than they,
and, if this ground is good, should have the
Speaker. Is it because they are a small minority,
these Democratic gentlemen should be released
from their share of blame for non-organization?
[Mr. McMullin,] just now, in remonstrating
against this night session, charged distinctly upon
his party friends, the Democracy, that they had
: no such hope. Do they intend to come over to
South America? They would, doubtless, indig-
nantly repel such an imputation. The conclusion
is then inevitable, that they are holding the House
in session to-night with the hope of gaining a
partisan advantage, infuturo, by the election of
the gentleman from Massachusetts, [Mr. Banks.]
If this be so, I repeat, it would be better for them
to come out like men—come boldly up—and vote
the circumstances, we are twice as small as you.
[Great laughter.] And to go still further down,
the half dozen outsiders who have been voting
from the cqmmencement for almost anybody in
general and nobody in particular, can still less be
saddled , by this mode of reasoning, with any re-
sponsibility in the premises. It is true, some of
their especial friends are of a different way of
thinking; but this is a family quarrel in which I
do not choose to interfere; not exactly, perhaps,
for the same reason the woman gave for not inter-
fering between the bear and her husband, viz:
and taking the responsibility before the country.
By so doing, they will save us the repetition of
the pathetic interludes taking place around us, of
i members making their nuncupative wills, be-
queathing to the House the last words of wisdom
that fall, like droppings from the sanctuary, from
lips that may never again be opened to express
their preference for Banks, Richardson, or IW
,, . [Great laughter.] We shall be spared the
that Territory, if my vote or voice could prevent r affecting leave-takings and explanations of those
it; and I now say, before God and my country, whose duty to their " families and friends," com-
that I never will. pels them to pair-off, and go home to supper,
" with what appetite they may," rather than re-
for the plurality rule, thus electing Mr. Banks, j because she did not care which whipped, (my
orl ,al" 'U "   ^ - sympathies being in this case altogether with the
weaker party, who are so
I am no Abolitionist in the sense in which it is
here used. -1 had always been a conservative
Whig, until my southern brethren dissevered the
ties that bound us by aiding this Administration
in its attempt to extend slavery. A great ma-
jority of our people were willing to adhere to all
the legislative compromises until they have been
shamefully violated; and now, since the issue has
been forced upon them, they will demand that,
under no circumstances whatever, shall the South
derive any advantage from this breach of faith.
Since my Whig brethren of that section have
allowed this Administration to lead them from
their duty; when they abandon the position which
Henry Clay would have taken j forget his noble
name and proud achievements, and decline any
longer to observe his counsels and carry his ban-
ner, they lose all their claims on me. We do not
desire to interrupt or disturb the harmony which
ought to exist between the different sections of
the country. That was done by the last Con-
gress. We only appear here to demand justice;
to demand compliance with conditions that will
restore the peace and good feeling that prevailed
when the wrong we complain of was done. We
ask no more, and we will submit to no less.
ORGANIZATION OF TIITi HOUSE.
REMARKS OF HON. L. M. KENNETT,
of missouri,
In the House of Representatives,
January 9,1856,
On the election of Speaker, and the organization
of the House of Representatives.
Mr. KENNETT said:
Mr. Clerk: I move that the resolution limiting'
debate to speeches of ten minutes be rescinded •
and on that motion, as the custom seems to be'
tolerated by the House, I desire to submit a few
remarks upon the condition of things here at this
lYlOlTlPttt (ni'no A 'nl/snU -    \ r/~i   /./,
main here to test the question of physical endurance.
Well, sir, I am not very strong—and as this is
the first time I have attempted to address the
House, so also it may be the last—and I had,
perhaps, better occupy the time that remains to
me in giving some reasons why I have stood,
and still intend to stand, by the gentleman from
Pennsylvania, in casting my vote for Speaker.
But first, I must say, that J have no long tele-
graphic dispatches from home to read to the
House, after the manner of honorable members
from Ohio. Nor have I even a letter to produce,
announcing that my friends and constituents
are delighted with the course I have been pursu-
ing. I take it for granted, however, the people
of my district are satisfied to leave their interests
in my hands, and are content with my conduct,
or theJL^0uld have complained, which they have
not. This, at least, seems to me a fair inference.
They, as I suppose, consider my action so man-
ifestly right, that it needs no backing up. It is
only in doubtful cases that public opinion is made
to order, and furnished in quantities to suit!
^ It is very true, sir, and I might say "pity 'tis
tis true, that our prospect of electing my friend,
the honorable gentleman from Pennsylvania, is
not very flattering. But we have the consolation,
, like the good old lady in Missouri, who raised no
corn year before last, of knowing that none of our
neighbors are any better off. The other divisions,
or factions, or what else you may choose to call
them, on this floor, stand respectively in the same
category, and are satisfied to do so—unless I
except my friends, the Democrats, who do not
stubbornly resisting
the outside pressure,) but because it is prudent to
i keep clear of family jars.
And now, Mr. Clerk, seriously let me ask, what
has this party—the Democratic, upon which, aa
I contend, the great responsibility does rest of
organizing the House—done towards effecting
that object? They have offered us the highly
honorable gentleman from Illinois, [Mr. Rich-
ardson,] my friend, and one for whom, under
certain circumstances, I could and would have
voted with the greatest pleasure. I have not re-
quired that that gentleman should be taken down,
and some other put in his place, in order that I
might vote for a Democrat for Speaker. 1 believe
he is amongst the best, if not the noblest Roman,
of them all—my neighbor—a western man—de-
voted to western interests; and I could have voted
for him with great pleasure, and would still, could
my vote elect him in opposition to a Republican
or Abolitionist, had I now, or ever, since the first
; attempt to organize the House, been afforded a
j lair opportunity. But neither I, nor one of the
j menus with whom I act, have ever had either
i such opportunity or a reasonable excuse for doing
so. These gentlemen have elevated their candi-
date upon a platform intended to be inaccessible to
me and my friends, by which they say they intend
to stand, and upon which, if necessary, they pro-
pose to die. They have tauntingly told us they
would not even hold out a helping hand from that
platform to lift us upon it, though we should
desert our flag and our principles, and make an
enort to get there; but we must crawl up as best
we may, at the risk of breaking our necks in the
attempt; and even then must come with ropes
round our necks, ready to be hanged for our pains.
[Laughter.] Rather severe terms for the doubtful
pleasure of taking a bitter pill, for such most of
us would consider a vote for a Democrat under
any circumstances—an alternative only tolerable
as a last resort. If we had known our friends
were determined to be so hard on us, and that
the resolution of their caucus was to be binding
here, and to be henceforth inexorably enforced,
for one I should have brought my coffin up with
*r on/! -a  • .i ,   -
seem content to be ranked with other neoDle" but m ♦" Yn , i m e orouSM P*7    P with
if I may be permitted to remarkSoufin'tcS: i! Z d I'f at hand in
ing anything discourteous to them-thev like th« ■' tn «*** /? ¥' ^ to° intend still
wropthemselves1 in Uvelr cloaks 1 ***** from  —
ot political righteousness, and devoutly thank
are not as other people are. [Re-
th„T«t aUghtf-] I say they seem to thank God
that they are better than other men
, j men—better than
sylvania, [Mr. Fuller,] and die in my tracks, if
need be. I vote for him because he is against
agitation—sound on the slavery question—and
a conservative, Union-loving statesman, whose
ability for the place is undoubted, and whose
high character and spotless integrity would in-
s"r® ^partiality in the discharge of the duties
ot the position. I do not object to him on ac-
count of his antecedents, however they may stkfe
