1856.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
803
in reference to this expenditure, and t trust that
the House will also so act.
The facts developed here by the gentleman from
Ohio is an answer to the inquiry now very com-
mon throughout the country, and which you will
hear in this Hall—how is it that your printing
expenses are running up so largely? It is by the
publication of useless books, pictures, and every-
thing of the kind which you throw off upon the
country, and with which the country is becoming !
nauseated. Some of my constituents are now ;
writing to me that they desire to be relieved of |
those books which arc circulated under this sys-
tem of publication, which has been explained by j
the gentleman from Ohio. I trust we are learning !
some facts and gaining some information which
•will arrest this expenditure of the public money ;
in the publication of these books. i
In reference to these Pacific railroad routes I 1
do not profess to be informed; but if the inform-
ation I have is correct, you are publishing the ;
surveys of a variety of routes, and not alone the
one which is finally to be chosen, for that has not '
been determined on. You are publishing the sur- j
veys of all these routes and all these engravings. !
The question is, whether we are going to incur ■
this expense, and open the door for thousands i
upon thousands of dollars hereafter, with the j
information now in the possession of this House ? j
I trust we will refuse this appropriation; and I ;
trust the House will set the example of refusing |
to publish these books, and that Congress will
■cease to be a book-making machine, especially of i
such miserable books as we have been in the habit !
of publishing. !
Mr. H. MARSHALL. I have been some- ;
what bothered — yes bothered, is the word — to
understand how the publication of this book of i
explorations has been so delayed in the hands of 1
the public printer, yet how such ignorance can :
prevail as to the probable cost of it when com- ]
pleted. How is it that all the parts of the publi- j
cation are in progress, yet nobody is able to
furnish the House with an approximate estimate
of the extent or cost of any one branch of the
work? The law of 1852 is very explicit relating
to the dispatch of public printing. I will read it:
ec Sec. 5. The public printer 4iall he required to execute
«ach job of pnntmsrmtrusted to him within thirty days from
the date of its deliveiy by the superintendent, except hills,
reports, and joint resolutions, winch shall be letumed as
the Clerk of the House or the Secretary of the Senate shall
require, unless, for zond reasons shown, the Supenntendent
of public piinttng shall extend the time; and, should the
printer detain any matter longer than thuty days, a de-
duction of live per centum skull be made by the Supeim- ;
tendent from the account of the printer foi biich job, and
an additional deduction of live pei centum foi an additional
detention of twenty il.us. It'the public prmiet >hall detain
suehinattei tor sixty day<. the superintendent shall vithdraw
it entirelu, and shall employ another printer lo execute the
same with piomptnead upon the terms prescribed by the
law, and, in bucli case, the public printer bhall not be al-
lowed therefor.5J
These commands of the law are absolute on
their face; and, as one of the authors of the law,
I know they were intended to be imperative, and
not merely directory. What reason is "shown"
by the Superintendent of Public Printing for the
delay in furnishing this work? The law of the
land could not be more explicit than it is; can we
not enforce obedience to its sanctions 7
When the public printer cannot, or does not,
execute satisfactorily what is intrusted to him,
the Committee on Printing possesses the power,
and it is the duty of that body to take the matter
in hand. This is also regulated by the law of
1852:
" Said committee shall have power to adopt such meas-
ures as may be deemed neee«<ary to remedy any neglect or
delay in the execution of the public printing. Provided, That
no contiact, agreement, or arrancemententcred into by this
committee, shall take effect until the same shall have been
appioved by th.it House of Congress to which the prmtuia
shall belong; and when the printing delayed belongs to the
business of both Houses, until both Houses shall have ap-
proved of such contiact or arrangement."
What are the facts of this case ? Last year
Congress ordered the publication of this worfc by
the public printer. It has not yet been published
entire. I understand the first volume only has
been printed and distributed. I ask the honor-
able chairman of the Committee on Printing for
some explanation of the reason for the delay be-
yond the time authorized by the law of the land;
and I want to know what reason has been shown
by the Superintendent of Public Printing for in-
dulgence and procrastination in the delivery of
this work ? I want to know whether the Com-
mittee on Printing have exercised the power and
performed the duty imposed on them by thelaw,
m the sections from the statute which 1 have just
read to tho House? Has any new contract been
made? and, if so, at what price for the work? I
presume nothing of the sort has been done by the
Committee on Printing, because there has been no
arrangement submitted to the House for its con-
© ,
currenee anu consent.
Mr. Chairman, if I caught the statement of the
honorable chairman of the Committee on Print-
ing correctly, we are now informed that,although
each branch of this work is in process of pub-
lication, no branch of it is as yet entirely written
from the notes of the exploring engineers; and
therefore nobody can say yet how many vol-
umes the publication will comprise, or what will
be the ultimate cost of the work to Government.
A rough estimate is made of $530,000 as the cost
of publishing this book! But what it is to con-
tain, what the number or character of the illus-
trations accompanying the work, what the vol-
ume of reading matter, or the quality of it exactly,
no one can say, for the plain reason that the
authors have not yet icritten the work. I submit
respectfully, sir, that we are marching to an un-
known point. I think it is high time to call a
halt m this business. The subject is, confessedly,
one of great interest to the country, and the work
which it is intended to facilitate by these prelim-
inary explorations is of the highest importance to
this Government and people; but we are not to
forget that, when this book shall have been pub-
lished, it will not exhibit the route which engi-
neers will, m all probability, finally adopt. In-
deed, were an engineer required to rcsurvey for
the route to be definitely adopted, there is scarcely
one who would pursue the exact line which this
work will furnish. The Pacific railroad may be
accomplished, but the book of explorations will
likely be antediluvian before it comes from the
publisher's hands; or at any late will have little
or no necessary connection with the route we
shall actually adopt.
Explorations are yet being made through the
country beyond the western settlements, with a
view to the best routes for a Pacific railway.
The annual report of the Secretary of War ex-
hibits some very interesting facts in this connec-
tion, by his statement of the discoveries of new
routes, well watered, and running through fertile
and cultivable regions not known to earlierexplor-
ers. Are these explorations to find a place in the
proposed publication? Let the work be written,
sir; let the author complete his book, and then it
will be time for Government to publish it, if it
shall spem to be likely to repay the trouble and
expense. I concur, heartily, in the determination
expressed by the honorable member from Geor-
gia, [Mr. Cobb,] not to appropriate further at
present to this publication, because we are acting
without proper information upon the subject. I
hope the committee will adopt the same view.
I think, sir, we had best halt awhile, at any rate; for,
as at present advised, I do not know but that
the appropriation in continuation of these costly
volumes may prove a prolligate and unnecessary
waste of the public money. I shall not vote a
dollar until I see my way clearly.
Mr. NICHOLS. I propose to answer an inter-
rogatory or two of the gentleman from Kentucky.
I will say^ Mr. Chairman, first and foremost, that
the Committee on Printing of this House have
never had anything to do with this work; sec-
ondly, I will say to him that, under the printing
law, you cannot establish a default on the part of
the public printer, for he has executed the work
as fast as the manuscript was placed in Ins hands,
and the contingency of a subsequent contract to
be submitted to this House for printing, lias never
arisen, and perhaps never will arise, it the work
should progress to a completion. But the gen-
tleman from Kentucky rose to inquire as to how
it is that work is placed in the hands of the
printer before a full copy is obtained.
Now let me state to the gentleman a case which,
I am informed, occurred here a day or two ago,
in relation to the report of a survey by an officer,
as to which a resolution to print was adopted in
the Senate, and has been referred to the Commit-
tee on Printing on the part of the House. I was
informed in the office of the Superintendent of
Public Printing, that the report was submitted to
him for an estimate as to the cost. He took the
manuscript and made his estimate on it. That
estimate was returned to the Senate, and an order
to print was founded on it. The day after the
order was made, the person having the work in
charge came to obtain his manuscript, and stated
that the work that was submitted to him was only
a portion of it, although the Superintendent of
Public Printing believed that it was the whole
work, and on the estimate which he made there-
on the order to print was made in the Senate.
Now there is the difficulty. These reports aro
submitted in the first place to the Superintendent
of Public Printing. They are called for by a
resolution. The order to print is founded on the
simple letter-press matter placed in the hands of
the Superintendent of Public Printing; and the
resolution to print always includes a direction to
carry with it the engravings and illustrations, by
maps and otherwise. And I venture to say here,
that on any resolution to print the exact charac-
ter and extent of the work has never been known.
That it was not known, when the Pacific railroad
report was ordered to be printed, is apparent from
the discussion that has been pursued upon it, a
report of which I have before me, and also on the
work of the Japan expedition.
As I said before, thegentleman from New York
then raised the objection that the extent of the
work was not known; and he was an.swered by
the chairman of the Committee on Printing, on
the part of the House, that it was proposed that
the manuscript should be furnished during the
vacation of Congress. All that has been furnished
has been furnisTied during the vacation, and the
extent of it is not known yet. Now, if it be the
sense of the House to stop this Pacific railroad
report, I have not a word to say—I care nothing
about it. But to refuse this appropriation does
not reach that object. Itdoesnotgo to that extent
at all. All that you refuse to do, is to provide for
engravings which have been heretofore ordered to
illustrate the work. That is the extent to which
it reaches. And perhaps the object would be a
praiseworthy one, and work no harm. But the
letter-press still goes on. I have shown the Com-
mittee, by the statements which I have submitted,
that the engraving of the work, the illustration of
it, is the most expensive portion of it; and per-
haps, if the House refuse to allow the appropria-
tion, and the letter-press printing goes on, we
have a work which will riot cost so enormously
as we have been led to suppose.
I have alluded to this case, Mr. Chairman, not
for the purpose of reflecting upon any one, but
for the purpose of showing how these printing
orders swell; how the increased expenditure is to
be accountcd for. The gentlemen who compile
these reports have a just and laudable pride in
their professions natural desire to shine, to excel.
The House has acted without proper inquiry.
Your resolutions have passed without question.
What is everybody's business is nobody's busi-
ness, is an old aiage; and I have labored to
discover, in all of the orders made by the last
Congress, a single instance where an objection to
a resolution to print was pressed, or where any
member or any party called for the yeas and nays
—spoke against it, or them; or made a distinct
mark against any proposition to print of any kind
or character. Perhaps I should except the gen-
tleman from Tennessee, [Mr. Jones,] who made
an unsuccessful effort to table the Pacific railroad
resolution. Gentlemen generalized upon the ques-
tion of printing, but in specific cases voted for
almost every recommendation made by the print-
ing committee.
1 do not quarrel with an officer who desires to
put his work before the public in a creditable
shape; but when you propose to give him discre-
tion to print any and everything, the question
assumes another shape, and I think the commit-
tee will agree with me, that no order should ever
be made to print a work, unless the manuscript,
designs, &c., be properly submitted to the com-
mittee, so that, its precise extent can be determined
in advance of its commencement.
You may take for example the Japan Expe-
dition and the Pacific railroad report; both orders
were made on the same day, (see p. 732, vol. 30,
Congressional Globe.) I append the resolution
to print the Japan works:
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Navy be requested
so communicate to this House a copy of the report of Com-
