*w
*78
THE CONGRESSIONAL trLOBE.
December 24,
cast my ballot for him until the expiration of our
congressional term. But I desire that this H<juse
should be organized; and I want it organized
"under conservative influences. I wish to save the
* country from the disgrace—and by the employ-
ment of that term I mean nothing personally
offensive to the distinguished gentleman from
Massachusetts [Mr. Banks]—I desire to save
this country from the disgrace of the election of
a man to preside over this body who occupies
the position which has been ^ssigned to that gen-
tleman to-day. Coming from the State of Mas-
, sachusetts, as ho does, and boasting upon this
. floor that he represents the strongest anti-slavery
district in the United States, 1 say it would bean
insult to my section of the country to elevate him
to the speakership of this House. I do not be-
lieve that the State of Massachusetts, which has
nullified the fugitive slave law, and which has
trampled under foot the rights of my constituents—
I say X do. not believe, under the Constitution,
!- and the true theory of our Government, that the
"State of Massachusetts to-day belongs to the
Union. And I take this occasion to say further,
that when this House is organized, if it ever
should be, I intend, if no one else does it, to in-
troduce a resolution to the effect that no gentle-
man, sustaining the position of the gentleman
from Massachusetts, and no Representative from
that State, is entitled to hold a seat upon this floor.
[Laughter.]
I liavo said that heretofore I have voted for
Mr. Richardson. I have 110 personal or po-
litical objections to that gentleman, so far as I
understand his history. I find that numbers
of our political friends here have expressed a
desire to meet the sound conservative men of this
House in council, in order to agree upon a third
man to be supported for the speakership. As
far as I am concerned, not abandoning in the
least my opposition to the Philadelphia platform,
as laid down by the American party—not renounc-
ing my attachment to the principles of the Repub-
lican State-Rights party—without abandoning the
ground upon which X was elected, I say that upon
the main question here—the question whether
or not the Missouri compromise line shall be
re/established, which is paramount to all other
questions—I am willing to meet every man upon
v tliis iloor who occupies my position oil this question,
in order to agree upon some sound conservative
man to be supported for the speakership. The
time has come when it is necessary for us, the
sound conservative men of the House, who agree
upon the great principle of acquiescence in the
existing laws of the United States, upon the sub-
ject of slavery, and who are opposed to the
restoration of the Missouri compromise line, to
come together and to act together until an organ-
ization is effected.
1 am willing to sacrifice my predilections, and,
if necessary, coase voting for Mr. Richardson;
and I have no doubt that that gentleman is him-
self perfectly willing to withdraw his name from
the candidacy win'never it becomes manifest that
a third party, professing the same political prin-
ciples which he professes to be guided by, but
who will be untrammelod by caucus nomina-
tions, may stand a better chance of election than
himself. If we can select a third party who will
be perfectly satisfactory to the sound conserva-
tive men on this floor, then I have no doubt but
that the gentleman from Illinois [Mr. Richard-
son] will consider it a pride and pleasure to
withdraw his name from the consideration of this
House.
Mr. ELLIOTT. I would inquire of the gen-
tleman from Alabama [Mr. Shorter] whom he
lias voted for thus far?
Mr. SHORTER. I have voted for Mr. Rich-
ardson every time, except on two or three ballots,
when 1 voted for the gentleman from South Caro-
line, for whom J intend to cast my vote again.
l\lr. ELLIOTT. If you do not vote for him
now, I will never abandon linn—never.
Mr. SHORTER. I make no issue, Mr.
Clerk, with the honorable gentleman oil my
right, [Mr. Elliott,] or with any one occupy-
ing the position which he does in this matter;
and in order to show that I am guided by prin-
ciple ill what I propose, I will state this: that if
my abandoning Mr. Richardson at this crisis
shall induce even that gentleman [Mr. Elliott]
to leave us, I will not abandon him. But I am
in favor of that part of the resolutions offered by
the gentleman from Maryland [Mr. Stewart]
this morning, which invites to meet in council
here, all men who stand on the same high con-
stitutional platform on these questions on which
'we stand. Therefore, inasmuch as the gentle-
man from Kentucky [Mr. Elliott] objects to
my abandoning Mr. Richardson at this crisis,
and inasmuch as he refuses, under any circum-
stances, to vote for a third man if I vote against
Mr. Richardson now; and anxious as I am to
secure the hearty cooperation of all who agree
upon the great question in issue here, I abandon
for the present the intention with which I rose,
and I again vote for Mr. Richardson. [Laugh-
ter and applause.]
After th« announcement of the vote as above
recorded—
Mr. NICHOLS. I now rise for the purpose
of renewing the proposition of my colleague
from Ohio, [Mr. Stanton,] made on Saturday,
which was voted down. I aslc for the reading
of the resolution, and call for the previous ques-
tion.
The resolution was reported, as follows:
Resolved, That the House will now proceed to vote vim
voce for a Speaker of tlie Thirty-Fourth Congress; and the
member having the highest number of votes, provided it be
a majority or" a quorum, shall be declared to be elected
Speaker.
Mr. BARKSDALE. I move to lay the reso-
lution on the table.
Mr. PHELPS. And on that motion I ask for
the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken, and there were—yeas
114, nays 101; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Aiken, Atlen, Barksdale, Bell, Henry S.
Bennett, Bocoek, Boyee, Brooks, Broom, Burnett, Cad-
walader, John P. Campbell, Lowis D. Campbell, Carlilo,
Carutliers, Caskie, Clmgman, Howell Cobb, Williamson K.
W. Cobb, Coy, Craige, Crawford, Cnllen, Davidson, Henry
Winter Davis, Denver, Dowdell, Dunn, Edmundson, Ed-
wards, Elliott,English, Ethcridge,Eustis, Evans, Faulkner,
Florence, Foster, Henry M. Fuller, Thomas J. D. Fuller,
Goode, Greenwood, Augustus Hall, J. Morrison Harris,
Sampson W. Harris, Thomai L. Harris, Harrison, Haven,
Herbert, Houston, Jewett, George W. Jones, J. Glancy
Jones, ICeitt, Keliy, Kemiett, Kidvvell, Lake, Letcher,
Lindlcy, Ijumpltin, Alexander K. Marshall, Humphrey
Marshal!, Samuel w. Marshall, Maxwell, MeMullin, Mc-
Queen, Smith Miller, Mdlson, Millvvaid, Moore, Morrie-
eai Oliver, Orr, Paine Peck, Phelps, Porter, Powell, Prin-
gle, Puryear, Quitman, Iteade, Ready, Richardson, Ilivers,
Ruffin, llusr, Sandui!?e, Savage, Scott; Seward, Shorter,
Samuel A. Smith,William Sniitli.WiihamR. Smith, Sneed,
Stephens, Stewart, Swope, Talbott, Taylor, Tuppo, Un-
derwood, Vail, Vallt, Walker, Warner, Watkins, Wells,
Whitney, Win-low, John V. Wiight, and Zolhcoffer—114.
NAYS—Messrs. Albnght, Allison, Barbour, Barclay,
Henry Bennett, Benson, Billmghurct, Bmgliam, Bliss,
Bradshaw, Brenton, RnfTington, Burhngame, James H.
Campbell, Chaffee, Ezra Clark, Clawson, Colfax, Comins,
Cragtn, Cumback, Damrcii, Timothy Davis, Day, Dean,
De Witt, Dick, Dickson, Dodd, Durfee, Edic, Emrie, Flag-
ler, Galloway, Giddmgs, Gilbert, Granger, Grow, Robert B.
Hall, Harlan, Holloway, Thomas R. Horton, Valentine B.
Ilorton, Howard, Hughstou, Kelsey, King, Knapp, Knight,
Knowilon, Knox, Leiter, Mace, Maiteson, MeCarty,
Meacham, Kilhan Miller, Morgan, Morrill, Mott, Murray,
Nichols, Norton, Andrew Oliver, Parker, Pcarce, Pelton,
Pennington, Perry, Pctttt, Pike, Purviance, Ritchie, Rob-
bins, Robison, Sabin, Sage, Sapp, Sherman, Simmons,
Spinner, Stanton, Stranahan, Tappan, Thormgton, Thurs-
ton, Todd, Trafton, Wade, Wakeman,Walbndge,Waldron,
Cadwalader C. Washburne, Ellihu B. Washburne, Israel
Washburn, Watson, Welch, Williams, Wood, Woodruff,
and Woodwortli—101.
So the resolution of Mr. Nichols was laid on
the table.
Mr. ORR. I move that when this House ad-
journs it adjourn to meet on Thursday next.
[Cries of "Say Friday!"]
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. On that mo-
tion I demand the yc'as and nays.
Mr. GIDD1NGS. I would suggest to the gen-
tleman from South Carolina that we have no
power to adjourn over; that if a majority of the
members of this House should come here to-
morrow, notwithstanding an adjournment over,
and elect a Speaker, they would have as perfect
a right to do so as if we nad passed no resolution
of the kind.
Mr. ORR. The Speaker elected under such
circumstances would find that " Jordan is ahard
road to travel!" [Shouts of laughter.]
' Mr. FLORENCE. I think so too. A pretty
example it would be for Christian men to present
to the country! [Continued laughter.]
_ The yeas and nays were ordered on the mo-
tion to adjourn over.
Mr. DAVIS, of Maryland. I move to amend
the resolution of the gentleman from South Caro-
linarby inserting Friday instead of Thursday.
. Mr. ORR. I do not believe that we could le-
gally adjourn over to Friday.
Mr. DAVIS. Then I withdraw my motion to
amend.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I would ask the
gentleman from South Carolina to modify his
proposition, and to move thatwhen the House ad-
journs it adjourn to meet on "Wednesday next.
I think that we should, perhaps, adjourn over to-
morrow. I am willing to vote for that; but I am
not willing to vote for a longer adjournment.
Mr. ORR. My friend from Tennessee pro-
poses that I should modify my motion and move
to adjourn over till Wednesday. I prefer to ad-
here to my first proposition, that we should ad-
journ to meet on Thursday. The House has the
chance of deciding between Wednesday and
Thursday.
Mr. JONES. Then, if the gentleman from
South Carolina refuses to modify his proposition,
I move to strike out Thursday and to insert Wed-
nesday. [Cries of " Agreed!"]
The CLERK announced that the vote would
be on the amendment of the gentleman from Ten-
nessee, [Mr. Jones.]
Mr. STEPHENS. , I would suggest, Mr.
Clerk, that the proper course is to put the ques-
tion first on the longest time. If one gentleman
proposes to adjourn to Wednesday, and another
gentleman proposes to adjourn to Thursday, the
parliamentary law requires that the question be
first put on the longest term.
The CLERK acquiesced in that proposition.
Mr. JONES. The gentleman from South
Carolina [Mr. Orr] makes a proposition to this
House. I move to strike out a part of it, and
insert something else instead; the yeas and nays
are called on the question; must not the question
be first on my amendment?
The CLERIC. The Clerk thinks that the gen-
tleman from Tennessee [Mr. Jones] is right.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. Be good enough,
then, to state the question before the House.
The CLERK. The gentleman from South
Carolina moves that when the House adjourns it
adjourn to meet again on Thursday next. The
gentleman from Tennessee [Mr. J ones] moves
to strike out Thursday and insert, in lieu thereof,
Wednesday. The question is on the amend-
ment.
Mr. SMITH. I will only say that we may as
well not adjourn at all, if we do not adjourn till
Thursday, because otherwise I cannot go home,
[laughter,] and I suppose there are a good many
gentlemen here similarly circumstanced.
Mr. JONES. I would say to the gentleman
from Virginia, [Mr. Smith,] that I am not voting
for this adjournment for the mere purpose of
fiving gentlemen who have be.en elected and sent
ere to discharge their duties as Representatives,
an opportunity to go home and visit their friends
and families; but it is from a respect to the day
that I propose to adjourn over to-morrow.
Mr. FLORENCE. I would like to ask the
gentleman from Tennessee a single question.
Mr. JONES. I am ready to hear it.
Mr. FLORENCE. I want to know how gen-
tlemen who desire to go home, and participate in
the observances and festivities of the day, and
who have to travel one hundred and forty miles
to do so,can, without injury to themselves, come
back so as to be hero on Wednesday ? If they
desire to go home and participate in the observ-
ances of the day with their families and friends,
as is their custom, they should at least iiave till
Thursday to return.
Mr. JONES. I ask the gentleman from Penn-
sylvania [Mr. Florence] if he is willing to give
the gentlemen from California and Oregon and
Washington Territories, time, by an adjourn-
ment, to go home and return here ?
Mr. FLORENCE. Well, the question is
plainly put, and I will answer it. I do not know
but that I would give them that opportunity, not
at this time, however, but at a more convenient
and proper season. [Laughter.]
The question being put on Mr. Jones's amend-
ment,
Mr. ALEXANDER K>. MARSHALL said:
I think, Mr. Clerk, that, that is an unfair mode
of taking the question. I suggest that the ques-
tion be taken on the longest time first.
