mib
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 21,
• Mr SEWARD, I will inform the honorable
Senator from Snath Carolina, that for the whole
State of Wisconsin there are five bills. One is
for the harbor of Manitowoc, which has been
passed by the Senate. - One is for Racine, which
is fhe bill under consideration. There is another
for the harbor of Kenosha, another for Sheboy-
.gan, another for Milwaukee, Wisconsin.
Mr. BUTLER. How many for that locality
-t<-how many for Michigan?
-Mr. SEWARD. We have already passed one
for Marquette, m the State of Michigan. There
is another for the South Black river, another for
the mouth of the Grand river, another for the
mouth of Black lake, another for the mouth of
Clinton river, another at St. Joseph's, another at
Monroe, another at Muskegan river. This is
for a large extent of lake coast. The honorable
Senator from Michigan can better explain its ex-
tent than I can. The whole coast line of the
State is about twelve hundred miles.
Mr. BUTLER. How many of these bills are
there for New Y ork ?
Mr. SEWARD. Much less than that—only
four or five for large and important points on the
lakes.
Mr. BUTLER. How many for Pennsyl-
vania?
Mr. SEWARD. Only one. There is only one
harbor of Pennsylvania on the lakes, and that is
Erie.
Mr. BUTLER. How many for Missouri ?
Mr. SEWARD. A large share, considering
the recent troubles there.
Mr. GEYER. There is an appropriation for
the Mississippi river in its whole extent; and
another for the Missouri.
Mr. BUTLER. How many for Vermont?
Mr. SEWARD. One.
Mr. BUTLER. How many for New Hamp-
shire ?
Mr. SEWARD.
Mr. BUTLER.
None.
How many for Iowa ?
Mr. JONES, of Iowa. One.
Mr. BUTLER.
Mr. SEWARD.
Mr. BUTLER,
lina?
Mr. SEWARD.
Mr. BUTLER.
Mr. SEWARD.
How many for Georgia ?
One; all she asked.
How many for South Caro-
[Laugliter.]
All she asked
Ah!
And one more, I believe.
Mr. DODGE. For the information of the gen-
tleman I may state that we have statistics here
from the proper authorities of the city, showing
that the present population of Racine is nine thou-
sand. The value of real estate tlrcrc is $l,l(>7,0fcll.
The value of personal estate is §900,000. The
value of the public buildings is estimated at
$68,000; making altogether $2,135,081. Thus
you have the population and the business pre-
sented here officially from the proper authorities
of the city of Racine.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I know of no point on the
whole shores of Lake Michigan more entitled to
an appropriation at this time than Racine, if this
system of appropriation from the Federal Treas-
ury is to be pursued, instead of allowing the local
authorities to make their own harbors, which (
believe would be infinitely better for them than
to appropriate a dollar from the Treasury. Here
I may be permitted to remark that I believe the
freatest misfortune that ever happened to the lake
arbors was for the Federal Government to take
charge of them. If, however, this system is to
prevail, there is no point on the lake more de-
serving of an appropriation than Racine. I would
be glad to close this whole system under the firm
conviction that nine tenths of all the money is
squandered (and every man who knows anything
about these harbors knows that nine tenths is
squandered) under the men who have charge of
the matter, who are totally incompetent to judge
of it—your West Point cadets, who know noth-
ing about it, who are good in their place.but are
useless as superintendents of harbors; but still,
if the system is to prevail—if money is to lie ex-
pended elsewhere, and we may get one dollarout
of ten in our western lake harbors, I shall vote
ioi the appropriation until we can get a better
system. ° |
Sir, if you wish to make these appropriations !
at f'- Put'a?m the <W of !
steamboat captains, and, pilots, and engineers, i
who understand the business pracUcally. You !
now squander your money and get but little oti
the lakes. You get more than on the rivers, be-
cause you get a small percentage of the value of
the money expended. _
I shall vote for this bill because navigation is
a great interest which requires protection. You
have got the worst system you could devise .for
the navigating interest; the worst for the owners
of ships; the worst for- the western country; and
yet it does, perhaps, a little good on the lakes:
any other system would do more good. If ap-
propriations are to be made anywhere, I shall
take as much pleasure in voting for one for Racine
as any other point; but I trust the time will come
when we can apply an economical and sensible
system, that will Airnish real and substantial
protection to western interests.
M r. HAMLIN. The evidence before the Com-
mittee on Commerce, in relation to these matters,
certainly has furnished no such state of things
as has been described by the Senator from Illi-
nois. I cannot speak certainly of the manner in
wfcich appropriations have been expended upon
the western waters. It has not been my fortune
to witness the operation. Of the expenditures
made on the coast of Maine I can speak, because
they have undergone my personal inspection and
examination.
Of the very few places on an indented coast of a
thousand miles, where the Government has made
appropriations for us, great and substantial ben-
efits have been rendered, not only to the com-
merce of the State, but the commerce of the whole
Union, and to all the commerce that passes our
State on its way to or from the European poits.
Itis undoubtedly true that the expenditures there
made have not been quite as economical as they
would have been if they had been conducted by
individuals; but that is a misfortune with all gov-
ernments. It is also equally true that appropri-
ations partially to complete a work, and then
withholding the necessary appropriation to com-
plete that work at the proper time, has undoubt-
edly cost the Government more than it ought.
The misfortune therefore has been in the want
of Congress making the appropriations at the
proper time, which has led to increased expend-
itures, rather than in the fact that the expend-
iture was made by the General Government.
Now, I sppak what 1 know of the appropria-
tions which have been made north of this on the
Atlantic coast; and there is no Senator here, I
dare say, who will rise in his place and not con-
firm what I have said—that the appropriations on
the Atlantic coast have been an actual benefit to
the commerce of the whole country. It is not the
commerce of the locality that is benefited by the
appropriation; it is the commerce foreign and dis-
tant. If it were true, however, that these appro-
priations were so far worthless as the Senator
from Illinois asserts, I can only say that he comes
to a different conclusion from that at which I
should arrive. I would not stand here saying
that the appropriation of ten dollars was worth
but one, and then in the next breath affirm that
1 would not go for it—not I. Nor would I still
vote for this appropriation if I did not believe that
the Senator from Illinois himself was laboring
! under a mistake in his judgment. That the work
: may cost the Government more than it ought, I
j will not deny. That it may cost the Government
| more than it would if the appropriations were
I made at the proper time, successively, I will not
j deny. But 1 simply rose more for the purpose
: of saying that there has been no evidence before
| the Committee on Commerce which would justify
Jus in believing that these appropriations, as a
11 geneial thing, have not been well applied.
Jj _ Mr. DOUGLAS. Mr. President, I do not de-
i' sire to prolong this discussion. I do not choose
!; to make any is*ue with the Senator from Maine,
: about the harbors in his State My opinion is
j, that this system operates pretty mueh in Maine,
J: as it does elsewhere; but, I only speak of my ob-
ij serration on those harbors which have come
! more immediately under my eye*and which I
j have had occasion to investigate.
] There is the Senator from Missouri, [Mr.
r' GEY£.ft,J who is a resident of St. Louis, and
knows tJiat we made <ippiopi-i;itions here for the
, St. Louis harbor—a harbor twelve huudred miles
' from the ocean, in a river 3 He knows very well
j that as long as we made appropriations for the
j work with wing-dams from Bloody Island into !
the stream, the next flood thateamc along would
cut them them off; and one of the worst obsta-
cles in the'St. Louis harbor now, is the pile of
stone which you put there by your appropria-
tion. After the Government got tired of filling
up the channel of the river, and making it worse
every time it touched it, the city of St. Louis ap-
plied .to the State of Illinois for permission to run
a dam from the east side of Bloody Island to the
main shore. They did so, and accomplished the
object at once; but it never was accomplished un-
til your Government left it, and the city of St.
Louis and the local authorities took charge of it.
Now, sir, you may go to Milwaukee, twelve
miles from Racine 
Mr. DURKEE. Twenty-five.
Mr. DOUGLAS. Twelve, I think.
Mr. DURKEE. No; twenty-five.
Mr.DOUGLAS. Be it twenty-five; butlthink
you have mistaken the geography of your own
State. At Milwaukee you made your appropria-
tion. Your engineers fixed your harbor and your
piers down at the mouth of the river, one half or
three fourths of a mile from the real business
town. You cut it out, I and believe the first ship
that went in got in and wentashore; the nextone
run in astern and sunk; and so on, until you
filled it up; and after eight or ten years, j^ou
passed a bill in the Senate to change the location
of your piers one half or three fourths of a mile
from where your engineers put them, and now
you are erecting them at a different point. I ask
the Senator from Wisconsin if that is not the
fact in regard to appropriations there?
Mr. DURKEE. That is true; but the firstap-
propriation was expended at what was thought
to be, by the engineer department, a proper place
for the improvement. On subsequent reflection,
however, it was thought, the beach having been
worn away, that it was economy to put it further
up.
Mr. DOUGLAS. The subsequent reflection
was, that the Senate overruled the engineers,
without knowing anything about the facts. Your
engineers were one way, and the Senate the other,
and the Senate happened to act in conformity to
" subsequent reflection." Now you may go to
Michigan City, the next harbor on Lake Michi-
gan, forty miles from Chicago, and the only lake
harbor in the State of Indiana. You made your
appropriations for the mouth of that creek; and
as quick as you made the work, the first storm
that came filled it up with sand, so that you had
not three feet of water in the mouth. Then you
abandoned it and began again, and it filled up
again. You have kept it on, and it has filled up
as fast as you went. It made land for the ripa-
rian proprietors, but it made no harbor for your
vessels, and there has never been a vessel that
could draw six feet of water in that harbor, and
never will be. What did you do with the last
appropriation which you made for that harbor ?
Blair & Co., private individuals, had run a pier
out into the lake, and charged tolls upon the pier,
and you went and spent your appropriation by
adding to the length of their private pier; and
that is all you did with it. What good have you
got out of it?
When you take up these harbors one by one
you find a succession of blunders—blunder upon
blunder all the way through—and yet you cannot
, get western men to look the thing in the face,
l and remedy a system which brings almost as
j many calamities as it does advantages with it.
j I admit that in some places you do some good;
: and until we can get a better system, I, as a
i western man, living upon the banks of these
i lakes, shall hold on to this. But you are keeping
our people there hoping for something in the
future, and yet advocating a system which brings
nothing but disappointment and rum in its train.
That is the result of your system—it is the prac-
tieai result. It is so on the Ohio river. You
have been expending $80,000 a year, above the
falls, for years; and what has been attained by
it? I will organize every steamboat captain on
the Ohio river, above the falls, as a jury, and I
will take every pilot as a witness, and I will
prove, that every time you have made a wing-
dam you have made the navigation worse. I
will prove by those witnesses before that jury,
that every timo you touched it you made it
worse; for when you made a wing-dam in order
to narrow the channel, and make the water shoot
