804
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 2,
roodore M. C. Perry, on the subject of the late expedition
to Japan, and if said report shall not be completed, before the
expiration of the present session of Congress, then to deliver
the same to the Clerk of the House during the recess.
Then follows the resolution to print the said
report.
In this case there is a direct vote of the House
to print a work, admitted by the order to be incom-
plete, and the extent and character of which was
not, and could not be known to the House. The
fentleman from New York [Mr. Haven] was at
rst disposed to object upon this ground, but
yielded, perhaps in deference to the unanimous
sentiment of the House.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio. I wish to make
a remark or two in relation to the observations
of the gentlemen from Georgia and Kentucky,
[Messrs. Coos and H. Marshall.] I will go as
far as any gentleman here for economy and to
reduce the public expenditure. And I am willing
to confess that I think this matter of public print-
ing has been carried to a very great excess—that
a great deal of matter has been printed, at a large
expense, and sent abroad through the country,
which is utterly useless. To illustrate: A very
large number of copies of the finance report are
annually printed and sent abroad overthe country,
and I have no idea that one out of every fifty of j
them has been read, even by members of Con- j
gress themselves; and if gentlemen propose to j
reduce the number of that document, I shall most [
unquestionably go with them. But, sir, what is i
the condition of this matter? It is to supply a ;
deficiency for the publication of a work ordered
by the last Congress, if is necessary—at least a :
portion of it—and the amendment of the Senate 1
provides that only as much as may be found ne- )
cessary for the contract entered into by the order ;
of last Congress shall be used.
Now, sir, the gentleman from Georgia says i
that this document, when printed and published, ,
will be useless. 1 hold, sir, to the contrary, i
hold that these explorations furnish information ;
of vast consequence to the whole counti^, be-
cause they tend to exhibit the topography of the i
country between this and the Pacific coast; and j
we all know that the immigration there is annu- !
ally very largely increasing. If the gentleman :
will not publish the information which has been ■
acquired by those exploring expeditions through '
their surveys, why not stop the surveys? Do ;
gentlemen undertake to toll me that it is economy 1
to expend large sums—hundreds of thousands of I
dollars—to survey the different proposed routes j
to the Pacific, with a view to ascertain whether i
a railroad may brt made, and then to file away
that information in the dusty closets of your De-
partment? Sir, I hold that it is a work which
ought to go abroad among the people; not merely
with a \iew to illustrate the importance, the ne-
cessity, and the advantages which would be
derived from this railroad, but with a view of
extending information as to those routes or ave-
nues to the Pacific. Mr. Chairman, I voted in
the Committee of Ways and Means that this ap-
propriation should be retained, and I shall vote
here to retain it, because it is but the initiative
step of what I regard as the greatest measure of
internal improvement of the age—that of uniting
the Atlantic with the Pacific coasts, of furnishing
facilities to the people of the eastern States for
emigrating to those distant Territories, of fur-
nishing to this Government the means of trans-
porting its troops and munitions of war to the
Pacific coast. I look upon it, sir, as the great
measure of the age; and, viewing it in thathght,
I am ready to vote any reasonable amount of
money for carrying on the exploration, and then
for communicating the result of that exploration
to the country.
Why, sir, we shall be called upon, as we were
called upon at the last Congress, to appropriate
an immense area of the public domain, with a
view to the union of these two coasts by rail.
And how, I ask, are gentlemen to make up their
judgments as to the. merits of that great scheme,
without having before them the information which
is to be acquired by means of these surveys?
Why, sir, the Pacific railroad bill came within a
vote or two, if I mistake not, of becoming a law
at the last session of Congress; and the very
reason why it did not become a law may be found
in the fact that some of the members were unable
to decide as to the merits of the different routes
proposed, because this information, which has
been obtained at a vast expense to the national
Treasury, had not Chen been laid upon our desks.
Now, sir, I am a friend to this great project,
and I want this information to enable me to vote
nnderstandingly. I care not where the route may
be—north, or south, or the middle line—I am for
the route that is found to be the most practicable.
Whenever the information is laid before me that
will enable me to judge which is the best route,
I shall be ready to vote the grant of land, or the
amount of money that may be required; for I
am one of that sort.
Now, Mr. Chairman, a word as to the insinu-
ation that has been thrown out that there may
be a disposition on this side of the House to be
extravagant. Sir, I have explained the reason
of mv vote, and as to the opinion of gentlemen
upon the other side of the House, whether thrown
out in the form of insinuations, or in the form of
a direct charge, that we are disposed to squander
the public money, let me say that we are now
only furnishing the means of paying for work
ordered by the last House, when the gentlemen
on the other side of the House weie in a majoiity r
of two io one. I want that to be understood, j
We have not initiated this system of printing and
engraving so extensively. It comes to us from
the Thirty-Third Congress; and the question
now to be determined is, whether we will repu-
diate the contracts which that Congress made,
and put an end to the whole system of publishing
the information they have voted the money to
obtain. If we stop the printing, all the money
that we have expended thus far will be thrown
away—utterly useless. The money has been
expended in collecting ihe information, but there
is a deficiency in the appropriation for its publi-
cation. The whole amount is not required at
this time. This isem of appropriation will be
necessary for the present fiscal year m aceom-
i.lishins: "the work ordered by the Thirty-Third
Congress. Tim I is the'
provision; and although
vhoie substance of this
there was a disagree- ;
ment in the Committee oi Ways and Means upon •
the subject, in my opinion it ought to be con- j
currcd m. i
Mr. PHELPS. Mi. Chairman, we have ap- '
propriated something bke £o50,0'JU for the pur-
pose of exploiipg the country between the valley
of the Mississippi and the pacific ocean, and of |
ascertaining the most practicable route for a rail- j
road between these two points. One volume of
this report has already been published under the ,
direction of Congress. Additional surveys have ;
been made, and, if I mistake not, there arc still j
parties m the field engaged in the prosecution of i
particular surveys ordered by the last Congress, |
for which there is still an unexpended portion ot |
the appropiiation then made. j
Now, it is proposed that the information thus j
obtained by the engineers who have been em- j
ployed, an-1 who are qualified and competent to
discharge the duty which has been assigned them, j
I! shall be published, for the purpose of demonstra-
ting to the people of the United States the prac-
ticability of the construction of the road, and
furthermore, in order that the people of the coun-
try who are interested m the construction of the
road, may form some opinion of the cost of ihat
magnificent work.
Now, sir, 1 am in favor of seeing this road
constructed, but this is not the proper time to
discuss the manner nor the method by which we
are to consummate this great work. The ques-
tion now before the committee is, will you direct
these maps to be engraved ? Will you have them
printed and distributed to the people, of the coun-
try, and convey to them the information which
you have obtained ?
But gentlemen seem disposed to complain of
the vast amount of the public printing, and of the
expense it involves. I admit that the cost is
enormous; but that is no good reason why we
should not print chose works, which convey
valuable information to us and to the people of
the country, and which we could acquire in no
other way. Sir, I am for economy in this matter
of public printing. X am opposed to printing any
works except those which ar° necessary and
useful for our information as legislators, or which
furnish useful information to the people of the
country in enabling them to judge correctly of the
merits of the subject under consideration. At the
last session of Congress this House passed a res-
olution directing that ten thousand extra copies
of the reports upon the explorations and surveys
for the Pacific railroad should be printed. But I
have the resolution itself before me, and will read
it to the committee;
Resolved, That there be printed for the use of the House
ten thousand copies of the reports of the surveys for a rail-
road to the Pacific, made under the diiection of the Secre-
tary of War, embiacmg the report of F. \V. Lander, civil
engineer, of a survey of a railroad route from Puset's Sound,
hv Fort Hall and the Great Salt Lake, to the Mississippi
river; and the icportof J. C. Fremont, ot a railioad hom
th« headwaters of the Arkansas liver into the State of Cali-
fornia. together with the maps and plates accompanying
each of said repoits necessary to illusuate them.
In the execution of this resolution you are in-
formed that the first volume of the report has been
published. You are informed that there will be
live additional volumes, embracing maps and
drawings. Some gentlemen have seen fit to com-
plain because the work is published in quarto and
not in octavo form. By our own legislation we
have vested the power in the Joint Committee on
Public Printing to decide whether the work shall
be printed in quarto or in octavo form. That com-
mittee of the last Congress, as I am informed,
directed the work to be printed in quarto form.
The consequence is, that we have the first volume
presented to us in the manner in which the com-
mittee directed its publication—printed and bound
m quarto form. As a matter of course, it is con-
templated that the other volumes shall be pub-
lished in the same Kyle and manner. Perhaps,
theie may be some diminution of the cost in this
ease.
| I am as much opposed as the gentleman from
! Georgia to the publication of picture books for
: distribution among the people; i am not prepared
: to say what drawings shall accompany these
i explorations and surveys. I do not believe that
i any drawing illustrative of Indian life or habits,
! or any drawing representing that country, is of
i any service to the public. I know the amendment
'• of the Senate designs the publication of drawings,
i If the members of the House desire to economize,
j there is a point here at which they can begin.
They may provide against the publication of
I drawings, leaving the maps to be published as
; illustrative of the routes.
j Mr. Chairman, I did not expect this amend-
1 ment of the Senate to be assailed. I know that
| I happen to differ with some of my colleagues on
! the Committee of Ways and Means on this
j point—perhaps radically differ from them, f am
I m favor of the construction of a railroad to the
| Pacific, not at the expense of the Government,
: but that the Government may do towards it, but
j to a greater extent, what it has done towards the
I construction of various railroads in different States
of the Union—by making a grant of land to aid
i m building it. It is necessary to have the publi-
\ cation of these reports and maps, to enable us to
< determine which route is the most practicable,
j and to form some opinion of the probable cost of
j the work. For this reason, as a member of the
; Committee of Ways and Means, I was in favor
j of concurring in the Senate amendment. I do
| not propose to strike out any part of it. If gen-
i tlemen desire to reduce the expense, they can
I strike out that portion which refers to the en-
| gravings and illustrations other than the maps
I which accompany the reports.
; Mr. MeMULLIN. I do not propose to occupy
• the time of the committee but for a few moments
! in reference to this important question. It strikes
1 me that the chairman of the Committee on Pnnt-
! ing correctly presented this question to the com-
■ mittee. 1 understood him to say that the proba-
1 ble cost of this work would be not less than
' $300,GOO.
Mr. NICHOLS. Five hundred thousand dol-
lars.
Mr. McMUI^LIN. If it is the purpose of this
Congress to commit itself to the construction of
the contemplated Pacific railroad, then this tx-
• penditure ought to be made. 1 am not prepared
I to commit myself in favor of the work. The
: gentleman from Missouri has informed us that he
is in favor of the construction of that road, not by
the Government, but on the plan heretofore
adopted in reference to railroads of the West.
This bill. Mr. Chairman, comes to us this
morning, with these amendments, tor the first
time. They have only just been laid upon our
