1856.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
09
34th Cong.... 1st Sess.
Our Relations with Great Britain—Mr. Cass.
Senate.
brings no relaxation of this unfriendly feeling. It
brings professions enough, but little correspond-
ing- action. And the operation of the feeling is as
evident at this day, as at any former period of our
intercourse. So far as we know, the conduct of
the Ministry has called forth no token of public
disapprobation.
Mr. President, we had a short discussion the
other day upon the subject of the oft-debated
Monroe doctrine. I propose very briefly to re-
examine it; and I shall do so with the more con-
fidence, because I have just refreshed my recol-
lection by a conversation with the person, who,
of all living men, has the most right to speak
authoritatively upon this matter. I refer to Mr.
Rush, whose name is well and favorably known
to the whole country, which he has served with
honor and ability in various high capacities, at
home and abroad, and who was our Minister in
England, when this doctrine was first broached.
I have already expressed the pleasure I felt at the
progress this great American principle had made,
and at the hold, it had obtained upon the public
mind, and especially at the adhesion to it, which
had been pronounced llAP by two able and dis-
tinguished Senators, ^has grown in favor,
rapidly but firmly; for the tenth year has not yet
passed away, since I addressed the Senate upon
the subject, and they refused even to refer it to
the Committee on Foreign Relations for examin-
ation. Mr. Buchanan said well and truly, in
one of his notes to Lord Clarendon, that, "when
first announced, more than thirty years ago, it
was hailed with enthusiastic approbation by the
American people; and since that period, different [
Presidents of the United States have repeated it
in their messages to Congress, ahd always with
unmistakable indications of public approbation." j
When this subject was before us, in one of its
almost periodical visits, some years since, I said: ,
" But these resolutions, (resolutions recognizing *
the doctrine,) or equivalent ones, embodying the i
same principles, will pass the Legislature of the
United States. Their passage is but a question
of time. They may fail to-day, and they may
fail again. Timidity, or imbecility, may overrule
that firm sagacity which befits our condition. It
is just as certain, that these principles themselves
will be permanently engrafted into the American
policy, and in the most imposing form, as that
they are now engrafted in the hearts of the
American people.'' I
What, sir, is the Monroe doctrine ? Let Mr. i
Monroe answer the question. In his annual |
message to Congress, in 1823, he announced his '
views upon two important subjects. They are 1
as follows, and are to be found 'in different parts !
of the message: j
"1. That it was impossible for the Allied j
Powers to extend their political system to any i
part of America, without endangering our peace
and happiness, and equally impossible, therefore, i
that we should behold sueh interference with in-
difference."
" 2. That the occasion had been judged proper
for asserting, as a principle, in which the rights
and interests of the United States were involved,
that the American continents, by the free and in-
dependent condition, which they had assumed
and maintained, were henceforth not to be con-
sidered as subjects for future colonization by any
European Power."
It is extraordinary, sir, that any one could sup-
pose, that these declarations had reference, only,
J** the peculiar position of the Spanish colonies.
The first had, but the second was addressed to
all nations, and was intended to operate during
all time. It was the annunciation of a new line
of policy. On what was it founded? On the :
situation of our country, and of the various States
of this continent, which demanded a system as
Mr. Jefferson said, "separate and apart from
that of Europe." For ages after the discovery,
the colonies, planted in this hemisphere, were the
mere appendages of the mother countries; used
for the purposes of trade, and without the slight-
est view to the establishment of any enlarged pol-
icy for their prosperity or increase. They were
useful in peace for the purposes of commerce;
and in war, to aid in its prosecution. When the
successful result of our Revolution established an
pendent power ionnde this side of the Atlantic,
it began to be perceived, that new interests had
arisen, which would necessarily lead to great
changes. And when the Spanish colonies took
the same position, as sovereign States, it became
evident, that the time had arrived for some deci-
sive action upon the subject. It was impossible
for the United States to permit, if they could
prevent it, the recolonization of those countries,
! or the establishment of new colonies. They could
j not suffer a state of things, which would forever
; connect those vast regions with European Powers,
making them parties to distant wars—dynastic,
ambitious, and what not—in which they had no
concern; and thus endangering our safety and our
interests—placed as they were on our very bor-
ders, keeping us in perpetual alarm. The great
code of public law is not a rigid, unbending one.
It accommodates itself to the advancing condition
of the world; of which power of adaptation
many examples are on record, as in the case of
the principle of the right of occupation, resulting
from discovery, and the abrogation of the claim
of dominion over what was called the narrow
seas. Many other instances are to be found, but
I shall not stop to seek them. The question is
well touched by Mr. Canning, who said' to Mr.
Rush:
" It concerned the United States, nnder aspects and in-
terests, as immediate and commanding, as it did or could
any of the States of Europe. They were the first Power
on that continent, and confessedly the leading Power. They
were connected with Spanish America by their position, as
with Europe by their relations; and they also stood con-
nected with those new States by political relations. Was
it possible they could see with indifference their fate de-
cided only by Europe ? Could Europe expect such indiffer-
ence ? Had not a new epoch arrived in the relative position
of the United States towards Europe, which Europe must
acknowledge? Were the great political and commercial
interests, which hung upon the destinies of the new conti-
nent, to be canvassed and adjusted in this hemisphere, (Eu-
' rope,) without the cooperation, or even knowledge, of the
United Statea?"
1 And to the same purport speaks Mr. Everett
in one of the most admirable letters to be found
in the whole history of diplomacy. He said,
speaking of the influence of the United States:
" But a new element of incalculable importance in ref-
erence to territorial arrangements is henceforth to be recog-
nized in America."
This principle of European non-interference in
the affairs of this continent has been advocated,
and brought before Congress and the country, by
1 three Presidents of the United States at different
intervals, and under circumstances, calling for
action. In Europe, such a line of policy might
well be marked out by the executive authority,
as that department of the Government possesses
the power to enforce it, being vested with the
right to make war. But here the Executive oc-
cupies a very different position, and he can estab-
lish authoritatively no such principle, without the
cooperation of Congress. He may recommend,
but the Legislature alone can sanction and en-
force his views. We ought, sir, years ago, by
congressional interposition, to have made this
system of policy an American system by a solemn
declaration; and, if we had done so, we should
have spared ourselves much trouble, and no little
mortification. But we let the time pass by, with-
out appreciating our high responsibilities, leaving
important interests to be the sport of circum-
stances. And why this indifference to a measure,
urged upon us by so many grave considerations ?
The honorable Senator from New York [Mr.
Seward] said, the other day, that this doctrine
was an abstraction, and haa therefore found no
favor with Congfess. Sir, it was never an ab-
straction. There never was a moment, when its
resolute confirmation by Congress would not
have been of the highest importance to the honor,
the interest, and the safety of our country. The
legislative confirmation would have been no more
an abstract declaration, than the executive rec-
ommendation. Both the one and the other were
demanded by the gravest considerations. No,
sir, it was not the fear of abstractions, which in-
terfered between Congress and this good work.
It was some undefined apprehension, that, if we
spoke the words, we must adhere to them; and
that, if we adhered to them, they would be words
of terrible import to our country. I am happy
to believe, that timidity is giving way to a wise
firmness.
Mr. SEWARD. Will the honorable Senator
allow me to ask him a question at this point by
way of elucidating this matter ?
Mr. CASS. Certainly.
Mr. SEWARD. I desire to avail myself of
the honorable Senator's recollection about the oc-
! casion when the debate, to which he alludes, took
'■ place. Was there at that time before Congress a
practical question of conflict, or apprehended con-
: flict, in regard to any portion of tne territory of
I Central America? I ask the question, because I
have quite forgotten the occasion on which the
debate to which he refers took place.
Mr. CASS. I beg pardon; I referred to the
honorable Senator's declaration on the introduc-
; tion of the President's message.
Mr. SEWARD. I spoke then of the reason
why it failed upon the occasions when it had been
brought forward, referring especially to an occa-
sion since I had been a member of this House,
when the honorable Senator from Michigan him-
self brought it forward, and I thought then it was
presented without an occasion.
Mr. CASS. Mr. President, so far as I know,
the first attempt to procure the cooperation of the
American Legislature in this doctrine was on its
redeclaration by Mr. Polk. He certainly intro-
duced it in reference to the then pending difficul-
ties in regard to Oregon. There was a plain,
practical point. We refused to say a word,
and, I repeat, we refused then even to take the
subject into consideration. On the other occa-
sion to which the honorable Senator refers, there
was a resolution, I think, introduced by myself;
but I do not recollect what particular bearing it
had, except its general bearing, on the welfare of
the country.
Mr. SEWARD. That is what I understood,
j and therefore I asked the question,
j Mr. CASS. The circumstances connected with
! Mr. Monroe's communication are well known, and
, properly called for the consideration and action of
: Congress; but it found neither. When Mr. Polk
adopted and renewed the declaration, the Oregon
i controversy was pending, and it was a peculiarly
! fitting occasion for a union of the legislative and
'I executive powers, in order to bring this great
j! work to its consummation. Still, nothing was
! done. And, now, this subject is again brought
; before us by another President, and with a view
I to its direct bearing upon the discussion, in which
;! we find ourselves engaged with England. Some
i years since, as I have stated, the debate in the
j Senate was brought on by resolutions intro-
duced by myself, affirming the concurrence of
] Congress in the anti-colonial doctrine. It was
fruitless in any useful result, and thus this Amer-
; ican principle has been but a barren dictum, as
; Lord Clarendon calls it, and will never fructify
; until it receives the sanction of the Federal Legis-
| lature.
The honorable Senator from New Hampshire,
I [Mr. Hale,] in the remarks he made upon this
subject a few days ago, referred to the views ex-
pressed by Mr. Calhoun, in the Senate, in relation
to this doctrine, and maintained, that no general
Crinciple of action was laid down by Mr. Monroe,
ut that his efforts were limited to the preserva-
tion of the independent States of Spanish origin
from the grasp of the Holy Alliance, as the union
of various despotic powers to put down popular
demonstrations was called. The unholy alliance
would have been its proper designation.
There is no doubt, sir, but that the threatening
aspect of affairs in relation to these Spanish
States, and the known project to bring them under
the dominion of some Bourbon prince, was the
prominent cause, which led Mr. Monroe to inter-
pose upon that occasion. Circumstances do not
create principles. They call them into actioii.
Circumstances occurred, which directed the atten-
tion of the American Government to an approach-
ing crisis, and it then investigated, not only its
line of action, but the ground upon which that ac-
tion could be justified, and the result was this well-
known declaration. In our position, it is one of
the great elements of our strength, and of our
means of self-defense. It is perpetual, as well in
its obligations, as in the security, it brings with it.
It interfered with no existing rights, but looked
to the future, with a view to guard that from
danger.
Mr. Monroe promulgated, what is known
