1855.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
79
The CLERK, The Clerk thinks that the
amendment of the gentleman from Tennessee
[Mr. Jones] is in order; and the House is now
proceeding to vote on that amendment.
Mr. JONES. I think, Mr. Clerk, that if no
time were specified in the original motion, and if
then Wednesday were proposed, and Thursday-
were proposed, and Friday were proposed, the
question ought to be put to the House first on
the longest time; but where there is a proposi-
tion before the House with a specified day in it,
then it is certainly in order to strike out that and
insert some other day, and the question should
first be taken on that amendment,
Mr. GROW. In filling: blanks the longest
time and largest amount ought to be put first.
The CLERK. So the Clerk understands.
Mr. ORR. If it be necessary for me to make
my motion in such a shape as to put it in order
to meet the views of the gentleman from Tennes-
see, [Mr. Jones,] I will propose that when tlv;
House adjourns itadjourn to meet on (blank) day.
The gentlemen may then fill up the blank with
whatever days they propose, and the question
will be put first on ihe longest time.
Mr. JONES. That is no motion at all. There
can be no adjournment over withouta day named.
Mr. STEPHENS. I rise, Mr. Clerk, to the
point of order which 1 first made. Do I under-
stand the Clerk to have overruled that poiut of
order?
The CLERIC. The Clerk thinks, with the
gentleman from Tennessee, [Mr. Jones,] that the
question ought to be put first on the amendment,
in the shape in which the resolution then stood.
Mr. STEPHENS. Then I read from Jeffer-
son's Manual, page 100, what is the parliamen-
tary law on this point:
"In all cases of time or number, we miiit consular
whether the laigei comprehendstnele^i.a-m a question
to what dav n postponement .hall bo, the numbei ot a com-
miitee, amount of a line, team of an nnpii.-onnient, tetm
oi' lrtedeemabihry of a loan, Oi the j dquw.n m any
Other ease; thai the quotum mu.-t bejin amaxuno. Or
whether the lev-er include-; th i g: eater. a^ in que.'tions on
the limitation of the rate of intent, or what day the session
shall be closed by adjournment, or what day tite next shall
commence, wnen an act alml! commence, or the termi-
nus a quo m any other case where the question must begin
ami/dino; the object being not to bos;m at that extieme
which, arid more, being within oveiy man's widi. no one
could negative it, and jret if he should vote in the aftiima-
tivc, eveiy question for more would be precluded; but at
that extreme which would unite few, and then to advance
or icccde tilJ you get to a number which will unite a baio
majonty."
Mr. JONES. Well, but where the number,
amount, or time, is specified in the proposition
before the House, and where an amendment is
offered 
Mr. STEPHENS. The question on the longest
term must be first put.
The CLERK. The Clerk is in doubt as to the
proper construction of the Manual, and submits
the question to the House, he not having, of
course, any power to enforce his judgment. But
he would suggest to.the gentleman from South
Carolina [Mr. Orr] that he should so amend his
resolution as to include the proposition of the
gentleman from Tennessee, or else let the ques-
tion come up in the order proposed by the gen-
tleman from Georgia, [Mr. Stephens.*]
Mr. MILLSON. It is undoubtedly competent
for the gentleman from South Carolina to intro- :
duce his resolution in blank, and at the same .
time move to fill the blank with " Thursday." ;
Then if another gentleman moves to fill it with i
another day, the parliamentary rule requires that '
the question must be first put upon the longest'
day. It is also true, as the gentleman from Ten- ■
nessee says, that when the original resolution is j
introduced, naming the day, and another mem- ;
ber proposes to amend the resolution by altering '
the day, whether for a longer or shorter period,
the question must be first taken upon the amend- j
rncnt. But now, I understand, the gentleman |
from South Carolina [Mr. Orii] introduces his *
resolution in blank, and at the snme, time moves j
to fill the blank with Thursday. The gentleman j
from Tennessee [Mr. Jones] then moves to fill1
the blank with Wednesday. The parliamentary j
rule in that case, as the gentleman from Georgia !
has stated, requires that the question must first;
be put upon the longest day. j
Mr. JONES. I am surprised that the gentle-;
man from Virginia, who has just taken his seat,1
should have fallen into the mistake, which,upon
reflection, I think ho will see he is laboring under.
The gentleman from South Carolina cannot make
a proposition, and, at the same time, move to
amend it. Fie may offer his proposition, and,at
any time be fore the House has taken action upon
it, modify it>as he may think proper; but still it
is his proposition, and cannot be voted upon as
an amendment. He may move, that when the
House adjourns it adjourn to meet on Thursday,
and then he may amend it by inserting Wednes-
day. But to move that when the House adjourns
it adjourn to meet on -day, would be no
proposition at all, and, in my opinion, could not
be entertained.
(Mr. MILLSON. The gentleman is undoubt-
edly correct under the old rules of the House;
but he will remember that we are acting now
under parliamentary law; and, under that law,it
is competent for a member to introduce a propo-
sition in blank, and thou move to fill the blank.
Mr. JONES. I understand parliamentary law j
and the law of common sens.'to be against the '
argument of the gentleman. Now, sir, the gen-
tleman from South Carolina might have moved
that when the House adjourns it adjourn to meet
on Wednesday next, anu then some of his friends
who desired a longer period might have moved to
strike out" VYeduesday' 'and insert "Thursday."
Then the question would have been fiist upon
jnseiting Thursday. Whatever is the determina-
tion of the House, if it is desired to put the qui 
tion upon the longest tiuie first, that would nave
been the proper course to pursue.
Mr. ORR. I did not suppose, when I made
the motion, that it would give rise to this discus-
sion upon parliamentary law. It seems to me
proper thatthe question should be first taken upon
the longest time. L>ut if the parliamentary law
is as the gentleman from Tennessee [Mr. Jones]
has suggested, to obviate all duTicuity upon the
subject, I will withdraw my motion, and allow
my colleague to make it.
Air. K MITT. I now move that when this!
House adjourns it adjourn to meet on Wednes-
day next.
Mr. ORII. I move to amend the motion by i
strikingout"W ednesday "and inserting 4*Tliurs- t
day."
Mr. NICHOLS. I demand tellers upon the
motion.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Sage and
Ivuitt appointed.
The question was taken, and the tellers report-
ed—ayes CI, noes 104.
So the House refused to adjourn over until
Thursday.
The question then recurred upon the motion to
adjourn until Wednesday.
i\Ir. KEITT. I withdraw the motion; let the
House meet to-morrow.
Mr. FLORENCE. I renew the motion, that
when the House adjourns it adjourn to meet on
Wednesday next, at twelve o'clock.
The yeas and nays were demanded and ordered.
The question was taken upon Mr. Florence's !
motion, and decided in the affirmative—yeas 115, j
nays 96; as follows: j
YjEA^—JIossis. Aiken, \llen, Baiksdale, Boll, Henry S ;
Bennett, Biis^;, Boeoc-k, Hoycc, Ihooks, iiioom, Burnett, !
Cadwalader, John P. Campbell, Lcwjs D. Campbell, Ca- !
rather--, Caskif, Uayaid Uiaik, Ohngman, IJowoll Cohb. I
Williamson R. W. Cobb, Cox. ("alien, Dand-:on. Hemy ■
Winter Davi*, Diek, .Dowd&ll, Edmundbon, Edwaid-, Ens- !
ti>, Evans*, Faulknei, Flounce. Fo-tcr, II >niy M. Fullci, 1
Thomas J D. fuller, Gilbert, Coode, Greenwood, Grow, |
Augustus TI.ilI, ftobeit 13. Hull, .T. Mom-on Ham*, rfamp- j
>oii W. Ilarru, Thomas L. Haiti.-, Hanson, Valentine 15. J
Jlorton, Houston, Joweit, G' oi^o W. Jono-. J. Clancy j
Jones, Kutt, Kelly, Kennett. Ividwcll, Knox, Laic,Letch- l
er, Lindley, Lumpkin, Mace, Alexandei K. Mai-diall, !
Humphrey M.u-h.ill, .vuniiel Marshall, Matt^on, Mav !
well, Afr'AIuIhu, jMnisoru Aliliwurd, Pvuhols, IKoiton. An- I
drew Ohvei. Mordccai Oliver, Orr. Panic, Paiker, Peek, '
P<mmn«rton, Phelps, Porter, Powell, Pini«l<>, Quitman, j
Beude, llcady, Biciiaid-on, Ritchie, ilivo^, ituJTui, Ku^t, '
'vUHlidg'*. bava^e. ^heimnn, Slmiter, Samuel A. ►Snnih, ;
William Smith, Wi'ltum U. ritnnh, Sliced, Stephens, Stew- 1
air, sSwope, Talbott, 'Pavlor, Tiip|>e, Tiiduwoon, Van,1
Valk, Wad'\ Walker, Wiitkirw,W<'ik, Wh >t ney, Win.~Io\v, i
Wooduorth, John V. Wright, and Zoilicofter—IJ .*>.
NAYS — Alesidrsj. Aibri-iht, Allison, Ball, I>aihour, Ear- j
clay, HeniyBcnnett, Kenton, Bilhn hurst. Bingham, Biad- 1
shaw. Brcnton. Bufrmsiton, Barini<famo, Jame^ II. Camp- |
bell, Carlile, (.""natfee, Ezra Chuk, Claw<on, Colfax, Com- 1
m^, Crairin, Craige, CravvtOTd, Cumbaek, Damroll, Timothy :
J>avi\, Day, Deati. Denvci, JDe Witt, On.fv, Hiek^on. Dodd, '
Dunn, Duil«e, Edu*, Emrie, English, Ethendgo, Eia^ler, !
Calloway, Giddmgi, Giangei, Harlan, Heibert, lloll 'way, I
Thomas it. Horton, Howaid, Hugh^ton, KeUoy, iCuiy, \
Knapp, Knight, Knowiton, Leiter, McCarty, McQueen, 1
Meachara, Killian Mllier, Smith Miller, Morgan, Morrill,
Mott, i\tarray, Pearee, Polton, Perry, Pike, Purviance, Pur-
year, Robbms, RvJb/aon, Jlust, Sabin, Sapp, Scott, Reward,
Simmons, Spinner, Stanton, Stranahan, Tappan, Thorin<j-
ton, Tiiurston,Todd, Trafton, VVakeman, Walbiidge, Wal-
dron, Warner, Cadwalader C. Wa?hburne,Elhhu 3. Wash-
bum e, Israel Washburn,Watson,Wood, and WoodruH*—D6.
So the House agreed to adjourn over to Wed-
nesday.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I move that
the House do now adjourn,
Mr. MACE. Upon that motion I demand
tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Mace and
Walker appointed.
The question was taken, and the tellers report-
ed—ayes 131, noes 40.
So the motion was agreed to, and thereupon
(at three o'clock) the House adjourned until Wed
nesday next, at twelve o'clock, m.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Wednesday, December 2G, 1855.
The House met at twelve o'clock, m.
The Journal of Monday was read and approved.
[Cries of "Call the roll!5' Go on with the
vote for Speaker!"]
Mr. IviVKrHT. Mr. Cleric, I shall not inter-
fere with the call of the roll very long. I rise for
the purpose of submitting a motion to the con-
sideration of the House I have not, as yet,
spoken on this question of organization; I do not
propose to do so now, further than to say a few
words in preface to my proposition. There has
been a e;enolal anxiety expressed on both sides
of the House to come to an organization, and T
take it that members are serious in their wish for
the attainment of so desirable a result. We am
now in the fourth week of the session without
a Speaker elected, without an organization of
Compress, which is necessarily preliminary to the
publication of the condition of our n(fairs,'foreign
and internal, through the medium of the Presi-
dent'^ message. The resolution which I send to
tin' Clerk's desk will, in my judcvimmt, if adopted,
effect an organization of the House during the
present week:
The Clerk read the resolution, as follows:
Rcolvcd, That tins House will continue to vote viva vocr,
and without debate, lor a tfpoakci to-dav, to-mouow, and
to the eou^lu-ion ol the- iir.-i \ou- on Ftiday nv.vt, a' an
election .'hall not m>oh >r be mado; bath t'lsac -hall bu no
election on the >-aiJ fhvt fun! on Fudav, then ine Uou-e
will pioeeed to a second t.ial on said day. when the per-oa
who shall bo highest in said votc,ai,d t;)mll hav^ am uoot/
or ;i ijuoium, shad be the speaker of the Ti>ht>-Fouit:i
COU^ioj-V.
Mr. BARKSDALE. I move to lay the reso-
lution on the table, and on that motion I demand
the yvii-.i and nays.
Mr. KTHERIUGE. Before the vote is taken,
let me st to the House ibis  
The CLERK. Under the order of the House,
no debate can take place on the motion to lay on
the table.
Mr. ETHERIDGE. I am aware of that. I
rise to make a privileged motion. 1 move, be-
fore the question is taken 011 the motion of tho
gentleman from Mississippi [Mr. Bahii'jdai.e ]
to lay on the table, that there be a eaii of the
House.
Mr. TAYLOR. I second that motion.
Mr. EOCOCK. I surest that Ukvo is no
such motion as that made by theprenili'man from
Tennessee known to the pailiamentary law. We
are not now acting under the rules of the House,
but under the parliamentary law.
The CLERK. Aecoidiug to the parliamentary
law, in a call of the Houi-.v e;[ch memuer rises mhis
place as he is called, and the absented are then
the only ones nouced. The Ck-ik thmkr> that
the motion is also 111 order under the Constitution
of the United State s.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. If there he a call
of the House, ns I undeistand, we «hall have n>o
power to send for the absentees and compel their
attendance. If the roll be called on the motion to
lay 011 the table, it amounts to the same thing.
Air. "^THERilXrE. As there seems to be
some objection to my motion, I will withdraw it.
The yeas and nays weiu ordered.
The cjuestion was taken on the motion to lay
011 the table, and it was agreed to—yeas 1U5,
nays D'l; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Aiken, Allen,Bark.'-dale, Bell. Ilemy d.
Bennett. Eocoek, Dojce. Brooks, BroomCadwulader, John
