1850.
THE CONGRESSIONAL OLOfifi.
through and cut a deeper channel there, the water
ran off and showed a bar above. When you
made a cut through that, it showed another bar;
and so, every time you removed one bar it dis-
closed another, until the wise men came to the
conclusion that the Ohio river would be the best
navigable stream in the world, if" there had only
been water enough in it; and the only trouble
■was, that there was not water enough on the bars;
and every time you removed one bar you dis-
closed another in the bottom. That has been
the result. It has been done, too, under your
topographical_ engineers, who went out there,
Knowing nothing about the practical result of an
obstruction at the bottom of a stream, and in the
channel of the strimm. But take a Steamboat cap-
tain who has run for twenty years, or a pilot who
has been aground one hundred times, as my friend
froiA California suggests, and he knows what
effect the sinking of the wreck of a boat has on
the depth of a channel. He knows what effect the
removal of a snag has on the channel, and what
the making of a wing-dam has. He is a prac-
tical man. One dollar expended by him is worth
One hundred dollars expended by topographical
engineers, who do not understand the business.
You never will have protection to western com-
merce as long as it is under the charge of the
War Department and your topographical corps.
I mean no disrespect to the present incumbent, nor
to any other incumbent. It grows out of the
nature of the case. You must reverse your whole
system; you must dispense with your topograph-
ical corps as superintendents; you must take the
matter out of the charge of the War Department;
you must put it under the charge of the local
authorities; you must have practical, experienced
men—steamboat captains, underwriters, steam-
boat owners—men whose fortunes are invested in
navigation, whose lives are devoted to the watch-
ing of that interest, in order to expend this money,
if you wish to do any good with it. If you wish
to do anything on the Mississippi river, let the
work by contract to a practical man under the
direction of your boards of trade, your under-
writers,and your shipowners, or some other class
of business men who understand what they are
doing—and then you will get some return for
the money which you expend.
X know, sir, that it is not considered proper to
"talk in this way. I know it is a great feather in'
a politician's cap if he can go home and say, " I
have got §100,000 for my district," without refer-
ence to whether that $100,000 of public money
Fields one farthing in return to the public good.
know it is a good hobby to electioneer upon;
but I am telling you what my convictions are, as
a western man, of the result of this system of
appropriations expended by this Government
under the direction of your topographical corps.
Yet the Senator from Maine, if he could come to
the conclusion that I do, would not vote for a
dollar. Sir, as long as these appropriations are
made for Maine, as long as they are made for the
"whole seacoast, as long as they are made any-
where else, when they come near my home, ami
I think I \vill get one dollar of good for ten dol-
lars of expenditure, I am going to take the money
there until we can reform the system. But I am
bound to say, as a candid man, that experience
shows that a reform in this system is necessary—
not prompted by hostility to the navigating inter-
est—but a reform prompted by friendship for that
interest, by a regard for its protection, by econ-
omy in the expenditures, by wisdom in the direc-
tion of the expenditures of the money. I think
we ought to reiorui this system so that we shall be
able to get something for the public good. I hope
for but little, if anything, under the plan which
we are now prosecuting.
Mr. CASS. I rise merely to express my dis-
sent from the opinions advanced by the honor-
able Senator from Illinois. 1 believe—in fact I
know, that the appropriations for the lakes have
been of vast importance. I have seen in my time
improvements that evince it. I have no doubt
whatever that errors have been committed, and,
as I stated here on former occasions, there is an
obvious cause for it. When these improvements
began, that is, when the white settlements com-
menced on these lakes, the rivers were not open
—they had bars. I have already told the Senate
that 1 crossed the mouth of the Cuyahoga river
on foot; there was no getting into it; and now
WSWv
there is a great city of fifty thousand inhabitants
there, and steamboats of the largest size go in by
means of these improvements. There wta a time
when we could not get into Buffalo, but every
j vessel had to go to Black Rock. We can go in
j there now by these improvements. They have
j been experiments to some extent, and they are
> experiments to this day in some places. You
j have been defeated in many instances, but still
j your improvements have been valuable for the
time, and finally lead to good. The young men
of the engineer corps have to learn like other peo-
ple, but there are always able and experienced
officers to superintend. In the Senator's own
city of Chicago now is one of the most able and
experienced officers in the Union, Colonel Gra-
ham, whose opinions on such subjects are as good
as those of any engineer who can be found. He
j superintends the work of all these lakes.
| The honorable Senator refers to Milwaukee as
j a specimen of the way in which these appropria-
1 tions are expended. Certainly at the entrance of
| the river there was a difficult problem as to how
the improvements should be made. The first
, attempt was to make piers at the mouth of the
j river. The river projects out, and runs parallel
I with the lake for some distance. Now it has been
I found more convenient to cut off the point. I re-
j peat again, it was an experiment. In respect to
! Michigan City, of which the Senator has spoken,
| it is at the very southern extreme of Lake Mich-
! igan. It is exposed to the waves of that great
lake, and they are very dangerous. There is a
little creek there that cannot keep itself clear under
any circumstances. We undertook to make a
harbor, but there was no force in the creek to
carry the mud and sand out, and keep it out, as in
these other streams. At times during the year
they rise, they work through, and they create an
opening. Such a little stream as the one at Mich-
igan City cannot do it. It is a question now. It
is proposed to make abreakwater there. Whether ,
a breakwater can be made there with the sand i
eternally rolling in from that great lake, whether ||
it can be permanently made without filling up, is 'j
questionable; but it is an object to be sought. It ;
is an object of vast importance to the northern i
part of Indiana, and some part of Illinois, and j
perhaps to some part of Ohio. The experiment I
is well worth making. I repeat again, I do not
agree with my friend from Illinois, that all these ;
expenditures have been failures. I know that a 1
great many points on the lake which were closed 1
naturally are now open, and have been kept open ]
by the improvements which have been going on. i
Mr. HALE. As I intend, Mr. President, to ■
vote for these bills, and as the State which I have i
the honor in part to represent does not receive I
from them a single dollar directly or indirectly, :
except as a part of the great Confederacy, and
hardly ever did, and never will, I desire simply
to state the reasons which govern me. I
We have $70,000,000 to spend this year. We j
have got to spend it somehow. We agreed this |
morning to spend $1,800,000 of it I think in the j
most foolish way that could jjpssibly be devised ;
by human wisdom or human folly. I want to :i
put-myself on record in contrast with that vote, ;!
and leave the country to say whether gl,800,000— l>
I understand all these bills do not amount to more <]
than that—spent in making improvements in the 1
great rivers of the country and in the harbors of i
the lakes, will do as much good to our commerce '
and to our prosperity as it will if spent in repair- ]
ing a set of miserable old muskets that are not i
worth a straw now, and will not be worth a slraw
more when you have spent §1,800,000 on them.
I want to present the question to the friends of L
economy; and I should like to have the ear of •
the honorable Senator from South Carolina, who 1
watches the Treasury in this matter with faithful ,
assiduity. Would it not have been as well to ;
bring a little of his scrutinizing economy to bear <
on the wholesale draft that went out this morn- j
ing, of $1,800,000 at a slice, to repair these old II
muskets, and buy cannon, and buy powder to I
fire salutes?—for we have no enemy to fire at. jj
I present the question whether $1,800,000 will |,
not do quite as much good if spent in this way, [j
as if spent in that ? You have the money, and it ;>
will be spent, undoubtedly. There is no doubt il
that you will spend all you have got, and a little jj
more, for I perceive by the report of receipts and , I
expenditures that we are drawing a little on the II
- , The Sttrplua irgrowang a little lessat
the eiid of every yea?. •, , „ v v^
The money has to be spent, and I prefer tij
spend it for something useful. E venif themoney
appropriated be spent as foolishly as the Senator
from Illinois'nays, he admits that it d(Se's -a;Sftfe
good m some cases, aboutonetenth. Thenlthifik
it has the advantage over the appropTiati'oh which
we agreed to make this morning. If ie does good
to the amount of one tenth .of the appMprtaBdiiJ
I can justify myself in voting for, it in preference
to the appropriation which , we agreed to make
this morning. If weharegottospendHheiftoneifi
I think we had better spend it for the purposes
of peace in contending with theelements of nsituVe
and subduing' these foes, rather than in the Way
in. which it i ay be spent under such appropria-
tions as that which the Senate agreed to this
morning.. . '
Sir, it seems to me that when the friend*? of
internal commerce see $70,000,000 going, it is not
very much for them to ask a small item, two or
three per cent, of this immense amount, for their
particular benefit, for tb eir secti on, for their rivers
and harbors, instead of letting it all go elsewhere
where nothing would be left to tell you how it
was spent, and for what it was spent.
I am glad, sir, that I have read the speech of
the Senator from Illinois. I will do him the
credit—I know I shall not be misunderstood—to
Say that 1 have derived some benefit from it, be-
cause he has satisfied me that the greatest clog
in the way of carrying out these improvements
is the West Point Academy. That is the great
snag. Now, if he will take hold with me; Twill
go to remove that root and branch, from its very-
foundation, and then we shall not, have a corps
of topographical engineers, whom we are obliged
to support; but as long as We have tdtfographical
engineers there must be something for them to
do. If the country insists on having the luxury
of kWping up the West Point Academy, and
grinding every year a grist of topographical en-
gineers, how idle is it to say that they must not
have something to do ? It is exactly as Secretary
Graham, two or three years ago, sent word to
us to build ten additional sloops of war in order
to give the lieutenants of our Navy something to
do; for if we must have lieutenants we must have
sloops for them to go to sea in. If we have topo-
graphical engineers ground out annually at West
Point we must have something for them, to do.
I guess they have learned a little by this time.
The Senator from Illinois should be charitable
enough to believe that, after they have made so
many blunders, they are not so stupid but that
they will make some' improvement and some
I progress. When they have blundered so many
j times it is very likely that by another Adminis-
' tration, when they have spent this appropriation,
they will be competent to take hold of this busi-
ness profitably; but if we keep them we must
employ them.
Mr. SEWARD. Mr. President, this debate
is not very profitable for the friends of the bill,
because we find ourselves answering an argument
which has been made by one of our own friends
and supporters; one who votes for the bill. I
rise, therefore, for the purpose of asking those
who concur with me in thinking that these meas-
ures are important, to accent the vote of die hon-
orable Senator from Illinois with thankfulness.
His vote is more effective than ten even of his
ablest speeches. His vote is a perfect answer to
the whole argument which introduced it. I hope,
therefore, we shall be content to leave him in the
enjoyment of his own special reasons for voting
in favor of the bill, if he agrees with us in the
general result.
Mr. BUTLER. Mr. President, I rise now
mainly to make one special remark, and that is
in reference to the refuge which has been taken
under the name of Mr. Calhoun. The Senator from
Michigan, (who himself is authority, I know,!
when be has the power of commanding as many
votes as he can here for these appropriations, has
brought to his aid the authority of Mr. Calhoun's
name. My attention was called to it in his speech.
I wish now to ask the gentlemen who are voting
under the authority of Mr. Calhoun's name,
whether they have observed the limitation of his
doctrine? He was a wiser man than to trust
appropriations of this kind to local temptation.
I admit that Mr. Calhoun said, as I heard him
