76
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[January 96,
34th Cong.... 1st Sess.
Our Relations with, Great Britain—Mr. Cass.
Senate.
through tke world as his doctrine—the American
doctrine of American self-preservation. Itis now
sought to degrade it to a mere temporary expe-
dient, living; while the Holy Alliance lived, and
dying with the death of that unprincipled league.
Now, sir, Mr. Monroe is the best expositor of
his own views. Hear him. Ia hie annual mes-
sage of 1824, when t|ie danger from the Holy Al-
liance had passed away, he said, renewing his
recommendation, that we hud no concern with
European wars, but " with regard to our neigh-
bors our situation is different. It is impossible
for the European Governments to interfere in their
concerns, especially in those alluded to, which
are vital, without affecting us."
But, sir, we have another witness to introduce,
whom no American can hear without respect and
gratitude, the writer of the Declaration of Inde-
pendence, the patriarch of the Democratic faith,
the Statesman nnd patriot, second only to Wash-
ington in the estimation of his countrymen. Mr.
Monroe, during his whole Presidency, was in
the habit of the most confidential communication
with Mr. Jefferson upqji all questions of serious
concern. Ho consulted him upon this subject,
«nd here follows the answer, dated October 24,
1S23. Never were sentiments sounder in them-
selves, or more beautifully expressed:
" The question presented i>y the letters you have sent me
{s the most momcnious, which has ever been offered to my
contemplation, since, that of Independence. That made us
k UatiOfi; this lets ow tompass, and points the course, which
Ve Grefritecr through the acton oftane. And never could
we ewliark on it under circumstances more auspicious.
Our first and fundamental maxim should he, never to en
tangle ourselves in the broils of Europe. Our second, never
to tuffer Europe to intermeddle with cis-Jltlantic affairs.
MAMlAn 1V7 /V m* U nny] Ik? jkft n nA* * — J - * '. _ ^ &
given to him by Mr. Calhoun. He was ft safe
and sagacious statesman, cautious in his investi-
gations, looking narrowly into every question
presenting itself, hearing all that could be said,
and then deciding for himself, and adhering with
unshaken firmness to his decisions. I knew him
well, and hold him in remembrance as a true
patriot and a pure one, and the worthy successor
of his personal and political friends, Jefferson
and Madison. The declaration of Mr. Monroe
contained the enunciation of a general principle,
and its application to a particular case, while Mr.
Calhoun has confined it to the latter, divesting it i
thus of all claim to the establishment of a great j
iine of policy. j
It has been said here more than once, and I !
think, though I am not certain, that it was said j
by Mr. Calhoun, that the course of action of !
Mr. Monroe upon this subject, was the result of
a suggestion made by Mr. Canning to Mr. Rush, i
This is another, among the many errors, which
seem to have clustered around this whole matter.
It is easy to show this.
As early he July, 1833, Mr. Rush received
from the Department of State a dispatch, contain-
ing the views of the President upon the Spanish-
American question, corresponding, substantially,
with the ground, subsequently taken in the mes-
sage. They were transmitted to him, not for any
immediate diplomatic action, but to put him in
possession of the opinions of the Government,
as circumstances might arise, rendering it neces-
sary for him to be acquainted with them. Mr.
Rush, I understand, had his first conversation
....... with Mr. Canning, at the request of the latter,
America, North and South, has a set of interests, distinct ' towards the end. of August in that year: and his
from tbose of Bucope, and peculiarly her own. She should, J: — ' ■' ■
therefore, have a system of her own, separate and apart
from that of Europe; the last is laboring to become the
domlcil of despotism—our endeavor should surely be to
make otir hemisphere that of freedom-"
And now there are those, who would mar the
magnificent figure of Mr. Jefferson, by converting
his ocean of time into a mere duck pond, and his
fundamental maxim, never " to suffer Europe to
intermeddle with cis-Atlantic affairs," into the his-
torical recollection of a temporary project to save
our neighboring States from a blow aimed at that
time at their safely, and all danger from which
passed away, as suddenly as it had arisen.
And there is another voice from the tomb, which
speaks the same confirmatory language, respect-
in this doctrine—the voice of one whose memory
*-ill live upon the pages of our history, and in the
hearts of our countrymen, as long as true genius
and elevated patriotism shall find admirers.
In 1885, Mr. Clay, then Secretary of State, in
a letter to Mr. Poinsett, says, " that the then
dispatches, announcing the result of that, and of
other subsequent interviews, did not reach Wash-
ington until about the middle of November, just
before the opening of Congress, as Mr. Rush says,
in his interesting narrative of this diplomatic
episode. Now, I have already read an extract
of a letter from Mr. Jefferson to Mr. Monroe, j
da-ted October 23, 1823, by which it appears,
that the President had communicated to the retired
Patriarch his impressions, and probably his in-
tentions, in relation to this whole subject, which
met, as we have seen, the most cordial approba-
tion; and I have no doubt but that a similar cor-
respondence, with a like approval, took place
with Mr. Madison. It is obvious, that a course,
involving such important principles, and fraught,
it might be, with startling consequences, must
have been some time under the consideration of
a cautious statesman, like Mr. Monroe, before it
could assume a shape, proper to be submitted for
the opinion of Mr. Jefferson. It is clearly im-
« . , — ' -j ™- " v ™vu . | xtj.1 . ,iuiiciisuu. x\> cicariy iiu-
rresident, Mr. Mafias, who was Secretary of 11 possible, that the suggestions of Mr. Canning
«tate when Mr. Manma advnxuuxl i cc,uJd have led to the establishment of this doc-
l trine, or to its promulgation. Why, sir, it is a
well-known historical fact, that when the message
T\,f« 7V/T~~  I J T-> .... •.   ^
State when Mr. Monroe tdvaaced. his doctrine,
coincides in ' both principles,' (non-interference
and anti-colonization,) which were laid doWn after
much and anxious deliberation on the part of the
late Administration. The President,(Mr. Adams,)
■who then formed * part of it, continues, to coin-
cide with both, and you will urge upon the Gov-
ernment of Mexico- the utility and expediency of
-asserting the same principle# on all proper occa-
sions." '
It is obvious, sir, that Wr.Calhoun was under
e misapprehension in relation to the views of Mr.
Monroe upon this subject. He himself stated,
that his .recollection of it was iropejfeet, and that
it was so, is beyond all contradiction. He con-
sidered that the " declaration of Mr. Monroe had
reference to a specific case, (the Holy AUianeea
and stopped there." ".Mr. Monroe," beaddei
" wasa wise man,and had no design ofburdeniar
the country with a task it could Bot perform. He
.knew there was a broader declaration made by the
-gentleman, then Secretary of State,'' &c. What
Mr. Calhoun here alluded to, I profess ray in-
ability to comprehend. No declaration could well
bo broader, than that of Mr. Monroe; and what-
ever agency or advice Mr. Adams may have had,
ttr -given in the matter, its responsible paternity
fasts-upon the Chief Magistrate. I have reason
to heheve* that Mr. Adams was anxious for the
measure* though his precise share in it I do not1
know;. Indeed, Mr. Clay, by his authority, as I
ftave shown, avowed his concurrence in it. But,
sir, those who knew Mr. Monroe well know that
wSa satoW to Ike character of wisdom, here
of Mr. Monroe reached Europe, it excited a great
sensation among the politicians, and nowhere a
greater one than in England. Mr. Canning had
proposed toMr .Rush that the United States should
take ground against the extension of the schemes
of the Holy Alliance to the Spanish-American
States, and promised the cooperation of England.
The proposition reached here, when, as we have
seen, Mr. Monroe was about to submit his doctrine
to Congress. He aceepted the suggestion of Mr.
Canning, as to the particular case, which was
all the British Government wanted, but he also
accompanied his action with a declaration of the
principles, which he thought -should guide his
country thereafter. Now, sir, Mr, Canning did
Sot partake of the mistake, which prevails here,
its saw that the special interposition was tempo-
that the doctrine itself was perpetual,
1 am informed by one who knows, that no man
in Europe was more surprised than was Mr.
Canning, when he found that the American Gov-
ernment had gone so far beyond his wishes and
expectations. And we see, sir, to this day, that
the point is perfectly understood in England; for
Jjord Clarendon, in his statement, said to Mr. i
Buchanan, but the other day, that the anti-colo- I
msation declaration of Mr, Monroe was " but the
tUctum of the distinguished person, who declared
it, but her Majesty's Government cannot admit
Vr.0C i'as ,an international axiom, which
ought to regulate the conduct of fiuropeaa States."
Here is no attempt to avoid the principle, nor is
there any in the answer of Mr. Buchanan, who
frankly avows his adhesion to the "dictum,"
and adds, with true American spirit, that " if the
occasion required, he would cheerfully undertake
thetaskofjustifyingthe wisdom and sound policy
j of the Monroe doctrine, in reference to the nations
of Europe, as well as those of the American
Continent." I wish our Minister had been called
upon to do this work. He would have done it
well and conclusively, and in a manner, which, I
doubt not, would have been satisfactory to his own
countrymen, if not to European politicians, and
which might have silenced objections at home..
Mr. Canning, sir, arrogated the credit of one
great measure to himself, to which he had no
just claim. Let him not have the merit of an-
other, to which he advanced no pretensions. He
said, in quite a grandiloquent vein, in the British
House of Commons, that he had called the Span-
ish-American Republics into being, and his words
fell with proud assent upon English ears. But,
sir, the boast had no foundation. At the very
time he made it, those Republics had achieved
their own independei^a, and were beyond the
reach of Spanish resiWJugation, and that inde-
pendence had been formally acknowledged by the
United States. I think 1 am correct in the state-
ment of this fact.
Mr. SUMNER, (in his seat.) It is so.
Mr. CASS. I believe, sir, that to Mr. Clay,
more than to any other statesman, American or
European, was aue the entrance of those States
i into the family of nations.
But, after all, sir, this inquiry into the origin of
the Monroe doctrine has but a speculative inter-
est. To adopt an expression, familiar to the
ears of Senators, it is well " to vindicate the truth
of history," and to vindicate it upon this point;
but this great cis-Atlantic principle does not now
derive its strength from its origin or its author;
it rests upon a surer foundation, upon the cordial
I concurrence of the American people, and is des-
tined to be a broad line upon the chart of their
policy. One motive with some of. us—perhaps
with many of us—in the Senate, for supporting the
Clay ton-Bulwer treaty was, that, if carried out in
good faith, it would peaceably do the work of the
Monroe doctrine, and free an important portion
of our continent from European interference.
That it has so far signally failed is no fault on our
side. Whether it is to be a triumph as well as a
fault, on the other, will depend on the firmness
and self-respect, which may direct and accompany
our course. I am well aware, that, during the
premiership of Lord Palmerston, an amicable ar-
rangement, or rather a fair fulfillment of the treaty,
agreeably to its obvious import, and the avowed
object of the parties, is an event hardly to be
hoped for. I have nothing to say of that distin-
, guished English statesman, incompatible with his
! own high position, or this high place, where cir-
cumstances have given to his views, to his tem-
perament perhaps, an importance rarely attached
to a public man out of his own country. But he
is not only the official head of the British admin-
istration; he is also its guiding spirit; and hia
probable course is no matter of indifference to the
, people of the United States. Some time since,
sir, in this Chamber, I took occasion to say that,
of all the active public men of England, I con-
sidered Lord Palmerston the most unfriendly to
our country, and- that his exertions would never
be wanting m any effort to oppose us. This opin-
ion was received with some surprise, and a good
deal ot incredulity, but I believe his sentiments
are now pretty well understood here, and nothing
1 favorable is expected from him. Sir, he undoubt-
edly^ nourishes the strongest prejudices against
our institutions, our progress, and our prospects;
and there is hardly a well-informed American,
returning from Europe, who will not confirm this
representation. His observation to Mr. Castel-
lon, the Nicaraguan Minister, is indicative, not
only of his sentiments towards us, but of his
estimate of our firmness. He said:
« We have been disposed to treat the United States with
some degree of consideration; but, in reference to this
question, it is a matter of total indifference to her Ma-
jesty's Government what she may say or do."
Very complimentary, this, to our national pride.
Hia lord&firp may yet be disappointed. From
