82
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 26,
therefore, that I shall vote against the resolution
with a great deal of pleasure; and I do notimagine
that, if the resolution is adopted, there are five
men in the House who have any idea of carrying
it out.
' Mr. MILLSON. I believe there is but one
single instance in the history of our Government
of a continuous session of the .House of "Repre-
sentatives, and that was during the' ever mem-
orable effort of the House of Representatives to
elect a President of the United States in 1801.
Then it was the opinion of the House that the
Constitution of the United States required a con-
tinuous session; that it was ijet competent for
them to adjourn from day to'day until they had
performed their constitutional duty of determin-
ing between Mr. Jefferson and Mr. Bjirr.
I have received ajnost graphic description of
the events of that period from a most distin-
guished actor in it. After many ineffectual bal-
lotings, the House desired to adjourn, but could
not, and, by a sort of agreement—a tacit agree-
ment—among the members, a large majority re-
tired from the Hall, leaving sentinels of both par-
ties behind to watch the proceedings, and give
notice of any attempt at meditated fraud that
might be perpetrated. After awhile the House
agreed to take but a single vote a day, under
which, after the vote had been taken, members
repaired to their quarters.
Now, I ask, if the House is prepared to do
voluntarily what it was then obliged to do when
those obligations proved, as the event shows,
most irksome and arduous ? If this is intended
as a mere resolution that the House will not ad-
journ, even though a majority may desire, until
a given purpose is accomplished, why, then, it
is in the nature of a vow, and moralists tell us
that vows, when unnecessary, are sinful.
But, sir, I see no reason for the House imposing
this restriction upon its own free acts. If a ma-
jority desire to adjourn, let them adjourn. An
adjournment is always the work of a majority,
and if it is the will of the majority to sit here
without adjournment until a Speaker is elected,
why should we declare that resolution ? I have
steadily voted against early adjournments. I do
not know that I have more than once concurred
with the majority of the House in a resolution
to adjourn. But I am unwilling to impose any
restriction upon the free discretion of a majority
of the House. I prefer to leave it to the majority
to adjourn whenever they see fit to adjourn. For
these reasons, I shall vote against the resolution.
Mr. BOCOCK. I should not have said a word
in explanation of the1 vote I expect to give upon
this question, but for what has been said by sev-
eral gentlemen from my own State in opposition
to the resolution under consideration. The ques-
tion has been asked, what is to be accomplished
by declaring that we will not adjourn when it is
within the power of the majority to rescind the
resolution and adjourn whenever they may see
fit? Sir, I would regard its adoption as a decla-
ration upon the part of those who adopt it, that
they will carry out the purpose expressed by it.
Now, sir, a member may rise here at any time
and move that the House adjourn; and seeing
nothing up to make it objectionable, I might vote
in favor of the adjournment. But when wo have
declared by resolution that we will sit here until
an election of Speaker has been effected—when
that has been declared as the concerted purpose
of the majority voting with mc, I should not so
vote at any time until that election lias been
effected, unless under peculiar circumstances.
And again, a strong reason in favor of the
adoption of the resolution is, that it will require
positive action upon the part of the majority of
the House to rescind it. Under this resolution,
if a member under the excitement of the moment,
rises and moves an adjournment, it will not be
competent for the Clerk to entertain the motion
nor put it. The motion will be out of order.
I now come to the suggestion made by my col-
league in my rear, [Mr. Caulile.] He asked
the gentleman from Georgia if he considered a
sectional organization of so little importance, that
he would afford facilities for such an organization
to be effected ?
Now, Mr. Clerk, I am as much opposed to a
sectional organization of this House as any man
here, but I submit to my colleague, I submit to
fhe House, whether the adoption of this resolu-
tion will furnish any facilities to-a majority of this
body, to accomplish such an object, that they do
not now possess ? If, after the adoption of this
resolution, a sectional organization is effected in
the course of a week, the same strength that
brought about that result would have brought
about the same result the next week, or at some
other time; so that it is merely a question of
time. • If, then, we are to have such an organiza-
tion, why should we procrastinate? We have
l®n here for three weeks, sitting only a short
time each day, without accomplishing any result.
The country is looking with deep solicitude, to
see where this drama is to end. Sir, let us evince
by the adoption of this resolution, the sincerity
of our purpose; let us show that we are sincerely
in earnest in our efforts to effect an organization
of this House. Let us not seem to be trifling
with this matter. Let us not seem to come here
to amuse ourselves, and then to adjourn and go
home, there to seek our relaxation and our ease.
Let us organize at once, or prove to the country
that there is some deep, vital, and important mat-
ter dividing us, which prevents an organization.
I shall vote for the proposition, and cxpcct to sit
it out.
Mr. McMULLIN. I am and have been as
anxious as my colleague to see this House organ-
ized. I am as desirous of attaining that end as
the gentleman from Georgia, [Mr. Stephens,]
or any other gentleman in this Hall. I voted the
other day against my better judgment for the
proposition of the gentleman from Mississippi,
[Mr. Q.citman.J I voted for the limitation of the
debate to ten minutes, with a view of showing to
the House and country that I was in nowise in
favor of occupying the time of this body unne-
cessarily with discussion.
And let me call your attention, Mr. Clerk, and
that of the House, to a state of things which ex-
isted in this body during the last Congress. Do
you not remember that when we had the appro-
priation bills u(^der consideration, that after two
or three night sessions it was found extremely
difficult to secure a quorum to progress with the
business. A motion was made for a recess, so
that gentlemen might be allowed some oppor-
tunity of taking necessary refreshment. It was
voted down; and when a division of the House
exhibited the want of a quorum, the very gentle-
men who voted down the motion for a rccess had
a call of the House, and the absentees brought
in. And is it now the purpose of the gentleman
from Georgia [Mr. Stephens] to seek to obtain
the absencc of gentlemen on either side of the
House when we have been here for two or three
days and nights votin°- continuously—when we
shall bo compelled to have something to sustain
the stomach ? Is it his desire that we shall con-
tinue here day and night ? I can tell the gentle-
man that I represent a constituency who have
confidence in my intentions. I intend to represent
them fairly, honestly, and faithfully.
It is mortifying for me to be forced to differ
with my colleague who has just taken his seat,
[Mr. Bocock.] Does he suppose that his con-
stituents have no confidence in him ? Has he not
given sufficient evidence already to satisfy the
most exacting of them that he will on no occasion
be in favor of sporting with the time of the
House ?
Mr. Clerk, is it the object of gentlemen to
chang-e the responsibility of a want of an organi-
zation of the House ? How is he to do it ? "The
Republican party, it is admitted, are 111 the ma-
jority. Does the gentleman from Georgia desire
to sue that party secure the advantage by reason
of the absence of cither the friends of Mr. Rich-
ardson, or those of Mr. Fuller? No, sir, I will
ascribe no such intention on his part.
Mr. STEPHENS. I think, judging from the
past three weeks' experiments in this Hall, that
the Republican party are not m the majority.
[Cries of " That is it!" " That is it!"]
Mr. McMULLIN. There are three parties in
this Hall. There is a clear and decided anti-
Nebraska majority. The gentleman will not deny
that ?
Mr. STEPHENS. I must say in reply to the
gentleman from Virginia that, so far as indica-
tions have been manifested, he is also in error in
that conclusion.
Mr. McMULLIN. I trust in God that I may
be. '
Mr. STEPHENS. The plan now offered, if
adopted and adhered to,will soon show us whether
or not the opinion is correct. I think that the
demonstrations for the last three or four weeks,
or since the session commenced, tend strongly to
showthat there is not an anti-Nebraska majority
on this floor.
Mr. McMULLIN. When has this House
adjourned earlier than four o'clock ? Has it not
been the habit, sinee our session commenced, to
proceed with business until that hour of the after-
noon ?
But, sir, for one, I am unwilling to give either
of the three parties here an advantage over the
other. And I take occasion to repeat what I said
before, that whenever the majority of the House
desire to vote, and to continue to vote until eleven
o'clock at night, or all night, it has the power to
do so without the adoption of this resolution—
this monstrous and unprecedented gag-law. I
am opposed to this thing of attempting to force
gentlemen into a false position. I am opposed
to it now, and shall continue to oppose it to tho
end.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. Mr. Clerk, I
would inquire whether it is not in order to call
the previous question on the resolution ? If it is,
I desire to make that call. I think that we have
had debate enough.
The CLERK. The Clerk thinks that the call
for the previous question is in order.
Mr. ORR. Does the Clerk decide that the
previous question operates on the deliberations
of this body ?
The CLERK. The Clerk thinks that it does.
Mr. ORR. I should like to know the author-
ity by which such a decision is readied.
Mr. WASHBURN. I believe that the Manual
will bear the Clerk out in his decision. I think
it lays down that doctrine.
The CLERK. The Clerk will, with the per-
mission of tho House, read from the proceedings
of the Thirty-First Congress, after the election of
the Speaker, but before the rules had been adopted
for the government of the House:
" Mr. Boyd rose and inquired of the Speaker what effect
the previous question would have 011 the resolution he had
otTeied in relation to the rules of the House.
" The Speaker said that the effect, would be to bring the
House to a direct vote on the adoption of the resolution."
Mr. ORR. I should like to hear the clause in
the Manual which has reference to the operation
of the previous question read for the information
of members. When that is done I would then
ask the Clerk to state the effect of the operation.
If it is in force, which I deny, it cuts off all de-
bate and amendment. I do not know that I ought
to have informed the friends that that would be the
result. I am opposed to the adoption of any
resolution, the result of which is to force this
House from determining the election of Speaker
on principle, to making the determination a ques-
tion of the strength of stomach. [Laughter.]
Mr. WASHBURN. I would inquire whether
the gentleman from New York [Mr. Sage] would
not accept the amendment of the gentleman from
Georgia, [Mr. Stephens ?] When that is done
I shall then call the previous question.
The CLERK. The gentleman from New
York did accept the amendment.
Mr. GROW. I will refer the gentleman from
South Carolina [Mr. Orr] to page 101 of the
Manual. He will there find authority for the
previous question. It is as foliows:
" Sec. 34—The previous question.—When any question
is before the House, any member mav move a previous
question, ' Whether that question (called the main ques-
tion) shall now be put?' If it pass in the affirmative, then
the main question is to be put immediately, and no man
may speak anything further to it, either to add or alter."—
Memor. in Haketv, 28; 4 Grcy: 27.
Mr. ORR. If the previous question is to cut
off all amendments, and bring the House to a
direct vote on the original proposition, is not the
question simply then on the resolution offered by
the gentleman from New York, [Mr. Sage?]
Pending amendments are saved from the opera-
tion of the previous question by special rule of
the House of Representatives, which has not yet
been adopted.
Mr. WASXIBURN. Precisely; but I under-
stand that the gentleman from New York has
modified his resolution.
Mr. SAGE. For the pu rpose of saving time,
I modified my resolution by accepting the amend-
