1856.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
809
and sixth streets on west and east and north of B street, ,
Mam! ■ and n, the time, by the contract tor tins building,
tor rmenui" til.- foundations has amved, I would request
r:,„. : -yoa'd be .:o as to furm-h Mr. Miller with the
t!-"1 • 1 .. .       ,,i l*-.t fur flip
n«ce- au-nuiliontv tor entering upon the said lot tor the ,
h'jovc purpo-e; tor I suppose you, as Commissioner, are j
ire propoi ciuliiontv to appiv to. !
t5nioM any evidence of the '•election of the above ground '
bvVbe Pie-ijent be needed, >ou will please acquaint Mr. '
iMiller, and \vc will endeavor to furnish it.
I am. sir, ver v lespectfullv, your obedient servant,
1 5 ' 1 WILLIAM H. BELL,
Major Commanding Jlrsenal.
To Dr. Blake, Commissioner of Public Buildings.
Mr. BROWN. I do not propose to debate the
question further. The Senate will see the obvi-
ous propriety of moving in this matter, and doing
it promptly. I ask, in obedience to the wishes
of the Committee on the District of Columbia,
that the resolution may be at once put on itspas-
sa."e'
By unanimous consent the Senate proceeded,
as in Committee of the Whole, to consider the
joint resolution.
Mr. ADAMS. I do no^know that I can pro-
pose any amendment to this resolution, to effect
an object which I desire to attain; but I think
we should so legislate as to have it distinctly un-
derstood that wherever officers are authorized to
expend the public money, under a law of Con-
gress, and they make contracts, either directly
or indirectly, exceeding the appropriation, they
should be personally responsible for any excess
of expenditure over and above what they are
i_ uthorized to spend. The Government should
not be held liable for such acts. 1 do not know
that I can reach that object by an amendment to
this resolution: but I trust Congress will in future
adopt the rule that if persons make a contract ;
with an agent of the Government, they must look 1 j
to the authority of the agent; and if the agent ;
transcends his authority, they must hold the :
agent accountable for any excess over and above ;!
the amount allowed by Congress m theappropria- |i
tion, whether the work be completed or not. , |
Mr. PRATT. I should rather imagine, Mr. |[
President, that the remedy for the evil suggested ;i
by the Senator from Mississippi [Mr. Adams]
would be to make the public officer responsible to ,j
the American Government for his misconduct in :j
office. I do not think we should make the mno- lj
cent contractor responsible, but should make the i
no-cnt amenable to the laws for his dereliction of ,
dutv. The remedy, I think, is a plain and evi- '
dent one. If a public officer has violated his j
duty, let him be held responsible for it—let him i
bear the consequences; but do not make innocent ;
contractors sutler. !
But, sir, that question is apart from the subject
before us. Every one, I suppose, who has looked ■
at the great public mall uf the city of Vv ashington,
designed in future, when the population of the j
city shall be greatly extended, to be planted with
trees, and decorated with public, walks, for the ;
amusement and the benefit of the health of the
oeople, will see that it should not be converted I
into a military parade ground. Surely, it was ;
never designed by any one on earth for that pur- .
pose, at the time when the appropriation was
made for the erection of this armory. Its erec-
tion at the point designated by the resolution of
the committee would be equally beneficial to the
public, and productive of no wrong. I hope,
therefore, that the resolution will be passed.
The joint 'resolution was reported to the Senate
without amendment, and ordered to be engrossed
for a third reading. It was read the third time
and passed.
SLOOPS OF WAR ALBANY AND PORPOISE.
Mr. FISH. I wish to ask the consent of the
Senate to take up, at the present time, Senate bill
(No. 76) for the relief of the widows and orphans
of the officers, seamen, and marines of the United
States sloop of war Albany, and for other pur-
poses. It is a bill reported from the Committee
on Naval Affairs, and it will probably come up
to-morrow, m due order, as a private bill; but as
I shall be under the necessity of being absent
then, 1 suppose there will be no objection to its
consideration now. 1 do not think it will take
more than five minutes to pass it.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate pro-
ceeded to consider the bill as in Committee of the
^Thlfbill, as originally introduced by Mr. Fish,
provided that, for the purpose of fixing the time of
the commencement of the pensions of the widows
of officers, seamen,and marines who were lostJn
the sloop of war Albany, the 18th of April, 1855,
should be taken to be the day on which the Albany
foundered at sea; and proposed to allow to the
children, under sixtecii years of age, of those
who died in that vessel the pensions to which
their widows would have been entitled, if their
widows were living. It further provided for the
settlement of the accounts of Purser Nixon White,
who was lost in the Albany.
The Committee on Naval Affairs reported the
bill, with an amendment m the nature of a substi-
tute, to strike out all of the original bill after the
enacting clause, and insert the following:
That for the purpose of fixing the time at which shall
commence the pensions, under the exiting laws, of the
widows of the officers, seamen, and marines who were lost
in the United States sloop of wai Albany, as well as the
time to which the pay of said officers, seamen, and mannes
shall be allowed, the 18th day of April,1850, shall be deemed
and taken to be the dav on which the sloop of war Albany
foundered at sea; and that, for the like purpos.es, the 29th
day of June, 185o. shall be deemed and taken to be the day
on which the United States bug Porpoise was lost m like
maimer. . ,
Sec. 2. And be it further cnocted, That if anv of the
said officer?, seamen, or marines, shall have left no widow,
or having left a widow she shall have died betoie the pass-
age of this act, and there shall be living, at the date of the
passage of this act, a child oi childien of the said officers,
seamen, or marines, under sixteen years of aire, -such child
or children shall be entitled to the same pension to which
the widow, had there been one as aforesaid, would have
been entitled, for the like penod of five yeais; but in case
or the death or miermamasu of the widow befote the cx-
puation of the said tprm of five yeais the said pension, for
the remainder of the said tejm, shall go to the child orchil-
dum of the said deceased officer, seaman, or marine: Pro-
vided, That such pension shall cease upon the death of such
child oi chiklten.
Sec. 3. And be it jvrthrr enacted. That m case there be
no widow, or child, or elisldion. <vs atoresaid, then the
paient or patents,and if thoie fire no paicnts, the biotheis
and bisters, of the officer?, seamen, and mannes who were
! lost in said sloop of war Albany and bug Poipoise, shall be
| entitled to, and receive, out of any money in the Treasury
not othfiwi-se appmpitated, a sum equal to twelve months'
j pay of then rc-peetivc deceased relations aforesaid, m addi-
1 tion to the pay due to the said deceased at the date of the
loss of said vessels respectively.
] Sec. 4. And he it further enacted, That the proper ac-
! counting officer? of the Trcasun Department be, and hereby
! arc, authorized and duectcd to>ettle the accounts ot Nixon
i White, late puiser m the Nnvy, who was lost in the sloop
! of war Albany, with all his accounts and voucheis for ex-
i pendituies ami payments made by him, and with all the
i mone\. >toie.<. and" simpho* procuted foi the u>e ot s;nd
vessel, ami ro'allow him a ciedit for whatever sum appears ,
' to be due liom inm on the books of the Department. 1
j Sec. 5. And be it further enacted, That she pennons and 1
! payments made to the piop-r representatives, as provided
i for in this act,'of Passed Midshipman William Iv. Bridge,
! wno was in command as acting lieutenant of the bn 
S Poipoi&e When she was lo-t, «hall be at the lull rate of the
J pay of a lieutenant m the United States Xav\
;j Mr. FISH. I have a further amendment to
!| offer by direction of the committee. It is to
j| insert in section third, after the words, ti ofEceis,
seamen, and marines who were lost in said sloop
'( of war Albany and Porpoise," " including cap-
i! tain's clerk and assistant draughtsman/'
ii The amendment was agreed to.
i!i Mr. FISH. I have another amendment to
j > offer: *To include within the provisions of the fifth
section, besides the representatives of Passed
Midshipman William K. Bridge, "and of the
other passed midshipmen who were on board the
!, Porpoise when she was lost, under orders from
!i the Navy Department, as acting lieutenants."
The amendment was agreed to.
The substitute of the committee, as amended,
was agreed to. The bill was reported to the
Senate as amended, and the amendments made
as in Committee of the Whole were concurred in.
The bill as amended was ordered to be engrossed
for a third reading, was read a third time, and
passed.
CHEROKEE INDIAN PENSIONS.
Mr. CLAY. The Committee on Pensions,^to
whom was referred a joint resolution (fe. R. I^o.
6) declaring ill what manner the pension laws ;
for the benefit of the Cherokee Indians shall be ,
executed, have instructed me to report it back
without amendment, and to recommend its pas-
sage. As it is a matter of a great deal of import- ;
ance to the widows and orphan children ot t.ie ;
Cherokees, but of no wmsequcnce whatever to
the Government, I hope the resolution will be
passed now. It simply directs that payments j
shall be made to the widow of an Indian pensioner, i
if there be anv, or if there be no widow, to the
j administrator, or executor, for the benefit of the
! orphan children, and that they shall not be sub-
ject to the debts of the deceased. Itsimply directs
how the pensions shall be paid. I trust there will
be no objection to considering and adopting the
resolution now.
By unanimous consent, the Senate, as in Com-
mittee of the Whole, proceeded to consider the
joint resolution, which declares that the provis-
ions of the 14th article of the treaty with the
Cherokees, concluded at New Echotaon the 29th
of December, 1835, and the pension law of the
14th of April, 1842, which provides for pension-
ing Cherokee warriors who were wounded while
serving on the side of the United States, during
the last war with Great Britain, shall be so con-
strued that those warriors or their legal represent-
atives shall receive the same semi-annual allow-
ance, according to the degree of their disability,
as is no w allowed by law to other invalid pension-
ers of the United States, to be computed from
the day of receiving the wound until the decease
of the warrior. If the payment is made to a legal
representative, the pension is to be for the bene-
fit of the widow, or, if there be no widow, for the
benefit of the minor children; and the pension is
not to be subject to any debt or contract of the
pensioner.
The joint resolution was reported to the Senate
without amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading, was read the third time, and passed.
COURT-MARTIAL OP CAPTAIN RITCHIE.
Mr. HOUSTON". I move to take up the res-
olution which I submitted on the 1st of April,
calling for information in relation to the court-
martial of Captain Ritchie.
The resolution was read, as follows:
Rem led, That the Secret3rv of the Navy be directed
to t'ui msli the Senate with copies of the proceedings ot a
naval court-martial recently heldm the cityot Philadelphia
[ for the trial of Captain Ritchie, and all the conespondenee
' relating theieto ill the Department.
The PRESIDENT. The question is on taking
up the resolution for consideration.
Mr. FISH. Can the Senator from Texas give
us any idea of the size of the book which this cor-
respondence will make ? I should also like to know
what the object of this inquiry is? As I under-
stand the subject, the court-martial alluded to in
the resolution grew out of quarrels consequent
on the action of the late naval board. My im-
pression is, that we have had enough of that in
the Senate. We have had the record of one court-
martial brought here, which made an immense
volume, in which there was no information of any
interest whatever given to the Senate, or to the
public. I should like to know, then, whether we
i are to get anything better on this occasion, or
whether any smaller book is to be printed ?
! Mr. HOUSTON. I am very sorry to differ in
opinion with the honorable Senator from New
; York. It is always exceedingly mortifying to
I me to disagree with any gentleman here in opin-
: ion; but on this occasion I hope the honorable
j Senator will cxcuse me tor thinking that it is
i necessary and proper that this resolution should
j be passed. I can inform him that the answer
; which will be made to it will not be voluminous;
' perhaps there will not be more than three or four
' paces'of the entire coirespondence, as I under-
| stand. From the knowledge which I have of it
i I wish it to be brought before the Senate for the
i sake of the information which it will afford us.
i We are acting on the subject to which it relateSj
! and we cannot be too weli informed m regard to
P it I deem it a subject of much importance, and
I wish to obtain all the information possible in
reference to it. The gentleman from New York
is a member of the Committee on Naval Affairs,
and is no doubt familiar with the business before
that committee; but on this point lie will permit
me to differ from him in opinion, with due defer-
ence to the committee and to himseif. I wish to
obtain this information. I know that other Sen-
ators wish to have it. Some who are favorable
to the action of the board have told me this morn-
ing that they have thought of calling for the same
information which the answer to this resolution
will give to us. For that reason I hope it will be
adopted. ,
Mr. PRATT. I deeply regret that I feel
obliged to oppose the resolution of my honorable
! friend from Texas. I think that the indications
' of the last few days manifest to us the impropriety
