1855.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
83
merit of the gentleman from Greorgia, [Mr. Ste-
phens.]
Mr. WASHBURN. I call for the previous
question.
Mr. STEPHENS. The proper course will be
to vote down the previous question, or else we
cannot test the sense of the House upon my
proposition.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. I would ask
the gentleman why the proposition of the gentle-
man from New York, [Mr. Sage,] as it now
stands, will not test that question?
Mr. STEPHENS. Has the gentleman from
New York accepted my amendment?
Mr. SAGE. I have.
The CLERK read the resolution as modified;
it is as follows:
Resolved, That until a Speaker is elected 110 motion to
adjourn shall be m order.
Mr. STEPHENS. That is right now.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I move that the
resolution be laid upon the table.
Mr. ORR. I ask for the yeas and nays on that
motion. I hope it will prevail.
Mr. PAINE. I understand that the proposi-
tion now before the House is designed to test the
physical endurance of members.
Mr. JONES. The motion to lay on the table
is not debatable.
The CLERK. The Clerk understands the
gentleman from North Carolina as rising for in-
formation.
Mr. PAINE. I say, sir, that I understand the
design to be to test the physical endurance of
members here.
The CLERK. The Clerk thinks debate is not
in order.
Mr. PAINE. Is debate not in order on a
motion to lay 011 the table?
The CLERK. It is not, by an express order
of the House, which, as the gentleman from
North Carolina will remember, was made a few
days ago.
.The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was then taken on Mr. Jones's
motion, and it was decided in the negative—yeas
64, nays 110; as follows:
YEAH—Messrs. Allen, Bell, Boycc, Bjoom, John P.
Campbell, Carliie, Caiuthers, Caskie, Cok, Cullon, David-
son, liemy Winter Davis-, Denver, Dowdeil, Dunn, Duileo,
Edmundson, Elliott, Ethendse, Eustis, Evam, FJoionee,
Foster, Henry M. Fullei, Goode, Greenwood, Augustus!
Hall, llobert B. Hall, Harlan, J. ?,loin on Harris, Hampton
W. Haras, Thomas L. llaru^, Humcon, Ilaven, Valentine
B. Horton, Houston, Jewett, George W. Jono-i, Kidwell,
Lake, Letcher, Lindley, Lumpkin, Alexander K. Maislmil,
Humphrey Mai shall, &anmel Marshall, Mawvcll, Mc-
Mulim, MeQ.uecn, Million, jYhlhvard, Moore, ;\Ttehols,Orr,
Paine, Peek, Porter, Powell, Reade, Heady, Ritchie, Rivera,
RulTin, Hu>f, Sabni, Sundid^e, Savage, Slimier, ►iaimiel A.
Smith, William R. tfnuth, Sliced. Sicwart, Swopu, Taylor,
Thurston, Tnppe, Underwood, 'Valk, Walkci, Whitney,
Wuislow, John V. Wright, and ZoiJieofrer—tM.
NAYS—Messrs. Aiken, Aibiitjlit, Alli-on, Bull, Brubour,
Barksdale, Henry Bennett, Ilenry S. Bemvtt, Benson,
Billmghurst, Bingham, Bliss., Bocoek, Biadshaw, Bientoci,
Brooks, BuflingLon, Builmgame, Cadwalader, James H.
Campbell, Lewis D. Campbeii, Chafiee, Ezia Claik, Claw
son, CUngman, Howell Cobb, Williamson Pc. W. Cobb,
Colfax, Coimns, Cragm, Craige, Crawfoid, Cumback, Dam-
rell, Timothy Davin, Day, Dean, DeWitt, Dick, Diek-.on,
Dodd, Edie, Edwauls, English, Faulkner, Flagler, Thoma<t
J. D. Fullei, Galloway, Giddings, Gilbert, Giauger, Grow,
Herbext, Holloway, Thomas li. Horton, Howard, Hugh-
ston, J. Clancy Jones, Knapp, Knight, Knowlton, Knox,
Iieiter, MeCarty, Meacham, Kiibui Miller, Smith Mdler,
Morgan, Morrill, Mott, Murray, Morton, Motdecot Oliver,
Parker, Pearce, Pelton, Perry, Pettit, Pike, Pi ingle, Pmvi-
ance, Puryear, Quitman, Sage, Sapp, Scott, Seward, Sim-
mons, Spinner, Stanton, Stephens, Siranahan, Tappan,
Thormgton, Todd, Trafton, Vail, Wade, Wakeman, Wal-
bridge, Waldron, Warner, > Cadwalader C Washburne,
Elhhu B. Washburne, Isiael Washburn, Walking, Wation,
Welch, Wood, Woodruff, and VVoodworth—110.
So the House refused to lay the resolution on
the table.
Pending the call of the roil,
Mr. GREENWOOD said: I am opposed to
this resolution upon two grounds: The first is,
that I am unwilling that any gentleman should
put a test to me to govern my votes here. In the
second place, the resolution would make the con-
test for Speaker a question of physical endurance; j
and whilst I feel that I am as competent to un- j
dergo the fatigue as any gentleman here, I am |
unwilling to force it upon others, and least of all i
on my friend from Georgia, [Mr. Stephens.] I j
therefore Yote " ay.5' j
Mr. PAINE said: I desire to say that my vote !
upon this motion does not express my views in j
relation to the resolution. I desire to take eoun- 1
sel with my family and friends in the city before
I am called upon to vote on the resolution.
[Laughter.] I desire, therefore, that it shall be
laid upon the table for the present, and I vote
" ay.
After the announcement of the vote,
Mr. PECK said: I propose an amendment to
the resolution.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. I believe a
demand for the previous question is pending.
The CLERK. The demand for the previous
question is pending.
Mr. HOUSTON. The demand for the previ-
ous question cannot be pending, because since the
call for the previous question the resolution has
been entirely changed.
Mr. WASHBURN. I renewed the demand
for the previous question after the resolution was
modified.
The CLERK. The Clerk understands the
modification to have been agreed to by the gen-
tleman from New York, fieforo the previous
question was demanded.
Mr. PECK. It has not been seconded, however,
and I wish to suggest to the mover of the resolu-
tion, that he should amend it soas to make it read:
" from and after to-morrow." I would vote for
the resolution in that shape, but not otherwise.
I want to give my friend from North Carolina
[Mr. Paine] an opportunity to take farewell of
his friends and family, [laughter,] and to afford
myself an opportunity to prepare myself to en-
gage in a contest of physical endurance with all
advantage by taking in a stock of provisions, and
making a fair start.
Mr/WASHBURN, of Maine. 1 would in-
quire whether debate is m order?
Mr. CADWALADER. I wish to make a
suggestion. The unexpected inclemency of the
weather has prevented many punctual members
from returning to their places- 
Mr. WASHBURN. 1 rise to a question of
order. I de.sire to know if debate is in order
during the pendency of a demand for the pre-
vious question ?
Mr. PECK. Ts my motion to amend in order ?
Mr. SEWARD. I am opposed to the previous
question, and move that the House do now ad-
journ.
The question was taken, and the House refused
to adjourn.
The previous question was then seconded.
Mr. PAINE. Do I understand that the pre-
vious question has been seconded?
The CLERK. The previous question has
been demanded and seconded.
Mr. PAINE. I would request the gentleman
from Maine to withdraw the motion f<Whe pre-
vious question. I would like very much to be
able to submit an amendment. We ou^ht not
to be called upon to make this sacrifice without
some compensation.
The CLERK. The Clerk would respectfully
suggest that debate is not in order.
Mr. PAINE. I hope I may state what my
proposed amendment is, in order that the gentle-
man may be able to decidc whether he will with-
draw the demand for the previous question. My
amendment is, that every member who dies un-
der the operation of this resolution shall have a
monument erected to his memory. [Much laugh-
ter.]
The question recurring, " Shall the main ques-
tion be now put ?"
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee, demanded the yeas
and nays.
Mr. DUNN. For the information of gentle-
men who may not be familiar with parliamentary
rules, I would inquire whether, if the House
should refuse to sustain the previous question,
the proposition would be open for amendment?
The CLERK. The Clerk thinks the proposi-
tion would be postponed until to-moirow, when
the motion can be renewed.
Mr. ORR. I call for tellers on the yea1? and
nays.
The Clerk appointed Messrs. ORRond Knox.
The House was divided; and the tellers re-
ported fifty-eight in the affirmative.
So the yens and nays were ordered.
The question being, " Shall the main question
be now put?'' the roll was called thereon, and
there were—yeas 125, nays 12; as follows:
YEAP— iVL . Aiken, Albrigh,, Allison. tHI?; Bmhour,
Barksdale, Henry Bennett, Henry S. Bennett, Benson, Bil-
lmghurst, Bingham, Bliss, Bocoek, Biadshaw, Brenton,
Brooks, Buffington, Burlingaine, James fl.OanpMl, Lewis
D. Campbell, Carutliers, Chaffee, Ezra Clark, dawson,
Chngman, Howell Cobb, Williamson R. W. Cobb, Colfax,
Conuns, Cragin, Craige, Crawford, Cumback, Damrell,
Timothy Davis, Day, Dean, De Witt, Dick, Dickson, Dodd,
Durfee, Edie, Edmundson, Edwards, Elliott, Emrie, Flag-
ler, Thomas J. 1). duller, Galloway, Giddiugs, Gilbert,
Granger, Robert B. Hall, Holloway, Thomas li. Horton,
Howard, Hughaton, J. Glancy Jones, Kelly, Knapp, Knight,
Kowlton, Kuox, Lake, Leiter, Humphrey Marshall, Me-
Carty, Meacham, Killian Miller, Smith Miller,Moore, Mor-
gan, Morrill, Mott, Murray, Nichols, Norton, Andrew Oli-
ver, Mordecai Olivei, Parker, Pearce, Pelton, Perry, Pot-
tit, Pike, Prmgle, Purviancc, Puiyeai, Quitman, Ready,
Robison, Sabin, Sage, Sapp, Scott, Sewaid, Simmons,
Samuel A. Smith, William R. Smith, Spinner, Stanton, Ste-
phens, Strauuhan, Swope, Tappan, Thormgton, Thurston,
Todd, Trafton, Wade, Wakeman, Wsilbndge, Waldron,
Warner, Cadwalader C. Washburne, Elliliu P. Washburne.
Israel Washburn, Watkins, Watson, Welch, Whitney,
Wood, Woodruff, and Woodworth—125.
NAYS—Messrs. Allen, Bell, Boyee, Broom, Cadwala-
der, John P. Campbell, Carhle, Caskie, Cox, Cullen, Da-
vidson, Ilenry Winter Davis, Denver, Dowdeil, Dunn, Eng-
lish, Ethendj>,p, Eu^tis, Evans, Faulkner, Flo ence, Foster,
Henry M. Fullei, Goode, Greenwood, Giow, Augustus Hall,
Harlan, J.Morrison Hains,Samp--on W. Harris, Thomas L.
Harris, Xlamson, Haven, Herbert, Valentino B. IIoiton
Houston, George W. Jones, Kidwell, Letcher, Lindley*
Lumpkin, Alexander K. Marshall, Samuel S. Marshall,
Maxwell, McMulhn, McQueen, Millson, MiUward, Orr,
Pame, Peek, Porter, Powell, Reade, Richaulj-on, Ritchie,
Rivers, Ruflin, Kust, Sandulge, Savayc, Phoitei, Sneed,
Stewart, Taylor, Tnppe, Underwood, Vail, Walker, Wins-
low, John V. Wright, and ZoIlicolTer—72.
So the main question was ordered to be now
put.
The CLERK announced the main question to
be the adoption of the following resolution:
Resolved, That until a Speaker ii elected no motion to
adjourn t-hail be m order.
Mr. OUR. I call for the yeas and nays upon
the adoption of that resolution.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. WALKER. I would inquire of the Chair
if the effect of the last vote is not to postpone the
further consideration of the question until to-
morrow morning?
The CLERK. The main question hps been
ordered to bo now put. If the vote had been in
the negative, that would have thrown tlu; ques-
tion over. The Clerk may err in the decision,
and ho submits it to the House for its decision.
Mr. WALKER. I do not like to take un ap-
peal, though it strikes me that the decision of tiie
Clerk is wrong.
Mr. STEPHENS. What was the question
decided by the lust vote?
The CLERK. Shcdl the main question be now
put?
Mr. STEPHENS. And what was the vote?
The CLERK. One hundred and twenty-five
in the affirmative, and seventy-two in the nega-
tive.
Mr. STEPHENS. Then of course it is not
postponed. The House has ordered that the
mam question shall be now put.
The CLERK. The Clerk agrees with the gen-
tleman from Georgia. Does the gentleman from
Mississippi anpeat from the decision?
Mr. WALKER. No, I do not.
The CLERK. The yeas and nays have be-en
ordered on the main question.
The question was then taken,and there were—
yeas 110, nays 87; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Aiken, Albright, Alison, Ball, P.arbour,
Barksdale, ilenry Bennett, ilenry S. Bennett, Isen^on, Hil-
hn hur*t, ISmgliam, Blisd, Bocoek, Brad -haw, Brenton,
Brooks, Buttmefon, BiuIin<>anK\ Jaine.^ II Campbell, Lewis
D. Campbell, Chaffer Bayaid Clark, EzraClask, Clawson,
Cnugmun, Howell Cobb, Williamson U. W. Cobb, Colfax,
Comms, Ciasm, Crai^o, Crawi'nd, Cumback, Damrell,
Timothy Travis, Day, Dean, DeWitt, Dick, Dici^on, Dodd,
Edie. Edwards, Emrie, Faulkner, Flakier, Thomas J. D.
Fullei, Galloway, Guiding, Gilbert, Granger, Glow, Robert
B. II.ill, liolloway,Thomas li. lioiton, ilpw.ud. Hughstori,
J. Clancy Jones," Kelly, Ku;y, Knapp, Knight, Knowlton,
Knox, Letter, Mace, MeCaity, Meacham, Kilnan Miller,
Moman, Moriill, Motr, Murray, IVorton, Aruhow Oliver,
Mordeeai Olrvei, Paine, Parker, Pearce, Peek, Pelton,
Pony, l'eitit, I'ike. Pimgle, Purviancc, Puiyoar, Uunman,
Sybin, Sapp. !?cott, Reward, Simmon--. Spmner, Stan-
ton, Stephen*. Stranahan, Tappon, Thoinistton, Todd, Traf-
ton, Wade, Wakeman, Walbtidjre, Waldron, Vvamer.Cad-
waladci C. Wasdibume, Ellthu b. Waf<i l>utne, Laiel Wash-
bum, VVawon, Welch, Wells, Wood,.WoodiulF, and Wood-
wort h—JIG.
NAYS—Messrs. Allen, Bell, Boyce, Broom, Cadwalader,
John P. Campbell, Carhle, Caiuthers, Caskio, Cox, Cullen,
Davidson, Henry Winter Davis, Denver, Dowdeil, Dunn,
Durfee, Edmund^on, Elliott, Cnyhsh, Ethcud^e, Eua-ti^,
Ev;ins, Florence, FoMer, Henry M. Fuller, Goode, Green-
wood, Augustus Hall, Ilailan, J. Morrison Hnrim,Ramp^oa
W. Hams, Thomas L. Harris, Harrison, Haven, Herbert,
V'dentine B. fcioiton, Houston, Ccorue W. Jc.ne \ Kidwell,
