ti
appendix to the congressional globb.
[January 28,
34th Cong....1st Sess.
Our Relations with Great Britain—Mr. Cass.
Senate.
presents the subject in an aspect, which is new to
me, and certainty suggests better reasons for the
adoption of this course, than I had anticipated,
though I still think the treaty would have been
safer without this clause.
I appreciate the reluctance of the Senator to de-
bate this subject. It is no pleasant task. As he
well intimates, it demands strong reprobation, in
strong- language. I believe I have not, certainly
I have not intended, to employ expressions, which
do not fairly belong to the circumstances. I rec-
ollect, some years since, that Lord John Russell,
in the British House of Commons, called Mr.
Polk's Oregon message a " blustering display"—
I think that was the term. His lordship's dis-
play was an unfortunate one, for there was noth-
ing to warrant the aspersion. But there are pre- (
tensions so grossly unjust, that no mild epithets
befit their character. One of these we are dealing
with to-day. j
Lord Clarendon, in a dispatch to Mr. Cramp-
ton, connects the Mosquito protectorate with the
honor of England, and distinctly avows that he
has no intention to abandon it. He, indeed, tells
Mr. Buchanan that the Government " did intend
to reduce and limit that right." Mr. Buchanan's
retort is a very happy one. He intimates that
some proof of this design, more substantial than
the mere declaration, might remove this subject
from the controversy. It is not denied, on the
part of England, that it must be exercised with-
out bringing with it occupation, or fortification,
or colonization, or dominion.
Now, sir, what is this protectorate, which can-
not be abandoned without leaving a dishonorable
stain upon the English escutcheon? How has
it been exercised, and what good has it done ? I
need not go over the historical narrative, showing
the unjustifiable progress of this assumption of
supremacy over these Indians.' The story has
been often told, and the interference itself has
been the principal cause of more than one war
between Spain and England. It reduced these
Indians, or—if it has not actually done that—it
has aided in reducing them from a numerous band
of high-spirited aborigines to a miserable rem-
nant of a few hundreds—I believe not more than
five hundred north of the San Juan—and the de-
cadence has not been less rapid or visible in their
moral and physical condition, than in their power
and numbers. All accounts represent them as in
the lowest state of wretchedness. " Degraded,"
as Mr. Buchanan says, " even below the common
Indian standard"—they can hardly sink lower.
And the contemptible exhibition of King crown-
ing has been enacted at Jamaica, as well as iu the
Mosquito country, by British officers of the high-
est authority, and the head of a drunken savage
chief has been encircled with a tinsel royal dia-
dem, and he has been hailed as one of the sov-
ereigns of the earth. And the title is in happy
coincidence with the farce, and must have sounded
euphoniously to English ears, when the trumpets
blew—and I suppose they did, as in the olden
time—and the people cried, God save the King
OF THE MoSQljlTOES !
Lord Palmerston seems to have held a very
different estimate of the powers of this monarch,
and of the condition of his monarchy, at different
times, or, at any rate, to have avowed one. He
said, in a letter dated July 16, 1849, to the Min-
ister of Nicaragua, that " the King of the Mos-
quitoes had, from an early period of history, been
the independent (!) ruler of a separate territory."
" E converso," he said to Mr. Rives, " they have
what is called a King, but who, bv-the-by, is as
much a King as you or I." What a jewel is
consistency! Lord John Russell and Lord Palm-
erston both denominated this pretension a fiction.
It is so, and a gross one, too. I might, indeed,
characterize it by a stronger epithet. But, like
other members of the same imaginative family, it
is undergoing a metamorphosis which is rapidly
converting it into grave fact, whieh. if not now
met and resisted, will mark its place in history
as having exercised a controlling influence upon
the fate of those wide-spread regions. The world
is looking on, and doubtless with interest watch-
ing the course of the disputants, and, regarding
the cause of the struggle as an experiment, won-
dering whether British presumption or American
forbearance can be carried furthest or continued
longest. "While a British Secretary of State is
lending his sanction to such an unworthy trans-
action, referring to the anointing process as one
of the foundations of the British claim, in a com-
munication with an American representative.
Lord Clarendon calls the present chief " a decent,
well-behaved youth." He may be so; but if he
is, he does not derive his virtues, as he does his
I realm, from hereditary descent, for Lord Claren-
1 don further says: " his late Majesty, his father,
! was a bad fellow." He was a worthless, drunken
! savage; all accounts agree in that. Lord Claren-
don said, inadvertently I should think, with
purposed frankness it may be, that the present
monarch lives in the family of Mr. Green, the
consul, denying at the same time the exercise of
any British power over the region by means of
the royal protege. He adds, however, " that
the consul may be often called upon to give his
advice or opinion to the Mosquito Government."
Well, sir, this is cool, if not satisfactory. And
has Lord Clarendon so low an estimate of man-
kind, as to suppose that a single man, either in
his country or in ours, can be found, who can be
deceived by such representations ? It is making
a heavy demand upon human credulity. Here
is an immense extent of sea-coast—more than
five hundred miles—held by the British Govern-
ment, upon this weakest of all pretenses. Thus
held to-day, but to be held to-morrow in full sov-
ereignty by the right of possession, and, if need
be, by the application of power. And all this,
while the wax is hardly dry upon a treaty, whose
whole spirit is incompatible with even the exercise
of influence for political purposes by one party,
which might, as I have already said, injuriously
affect the other in that magnificent region.
But, after all, Lord Clarendon makes the follow-
j ing striking admission—and a strange one it is,
, considering his general propositions and preten-
j sions. He says, though Great Britain never held
| possession of the Mosquito coast, yet "she
undoubtedly exercises a great and powerful in-
fluence over it as protector of the Musquito
king." Who knows, but that this relation may
hereafter assume a position in the English heraldic
1 college, and as the sovereign is the Defender of
the Faith, the protectorship of the Musquitoes
may take its place alongside the boasted motto of
the pious Henry VIII ?
I desire to ask the honorable Senator from Del-
aware, if this professed abstinence from interfer-
ence has been observed, and whether the British
consul has not issued grants of land, without ref-
erence to the authority of the Mosquito King?
Mr. CLAYTON. Yes, sir; he undoubtedly
has done so. If the Senator will refer to a letter
of our Minister in Central America, of the 10th
day of July, 1849, addressed to this Government,
he will see there that the Minister states that fact
distinctly. He says:
" Since the seizure of this port by the English,, the muni-
cipal and other regulations have been dictated by the Eng-
lish authorities, at the head of which glands her Britannic
Majesty's consul general, Mr. W. D. Christy. He has
taken up his residence here, and assumed the entire con-
trol of affairs. No written laws or regulations have been
promulgated; and this gentleman is, de facto, a dictator, his
will being tile law, beyond which there is no appeal. He
lias made himself extremely obnoxious to the inhabitants,
without exception, and his arbitrary conduct is the subject
of complaint on every hand. His sole adherents are half a
dozen officials, one of whom is vice consul, another harbor-
master, others policemen, &c. Although the so-called
Mosquito flag is flying, yet,apart from tiiis, there seems to
be no deference to Mosquito authority on the part of the
consul-general. He has taken upon himself to disregard
all leases and grants of land made by the Nicaraguan au-
thorities before the English conquest, and assumes to sell
the same, not as the agent of the Mosquito King, but as her
Britannic Majesty's vice consul.
" This assumption may not he deemed of much import-
ance, but it will tend to show that here it is hardly deemed
worth the while longer to keep up the shallow disguise of
' Mosquito authority.'"
This will be found on the 135th page of Exec-
ut'v® Document, No. 75, of the first session of
the Thirty-First Congress.
Mr. SUMNER. What is the date of the letter?
^r: CLAYTON. July 10, 1849. Again: on
page 138 of the same document, there is a speci-
men of one of these grants, signed by her Britan-
nic Majesty's vice consul, James Green; and a
statement of sums of money paid for a survey
of the land by E.obertWoods, surveyor, an Eng-
lishman. Mr. Marcy instructs Mr. Buchanan
It
that there is really no Mosquito Government,
is, as he says, merely a British Government.
Mr. CASS. Now, sir, I have neither time nor
patience to examine and expose this ground, as-
sumed by Lord Clarendon. That the whole of
the Mosquito country is just as much under the
subjection of England, as the Island of Jamaica,
is as obvious, as the most palpable fact which is
now passing before the world.
A few days ago, sir, when this subject was
before the Senate, I recalled some reminiscences
connected with English philanthropic professions
of regard for the Indians, of which we have
heard so much in this country; and upon that
occasion, I appealed to the honorable Senator
from Kentucky [Mr. Crittenden] as a witness
of the truth of my assertions. I renew the ap-
peal to-day, because I know him to be a compe-
tent one, both traditional and personal; for having
been born and lived all his life on the dark and
bloody ground of Kentucky, as it was called by
the Indians, he early heard the talcs of horror,
which Indian barbarities, urged on by British
agents, brought upon that country; and I saw
him stand up in battle against a combined Chris-
tian and barbarian army, where the red man had
been subsidized to fight the warfare of the white
man. He knew—the country knows, indeed—
that these allies, as they were called by the British
commissioners at Ghent, were purchased by a
! lavish distribution of money, and presents, and
, whisky, and by the hopes of gaining Indian tro-
phies in the form of human scalps, to be reaped
in a bloody harvest on our frontiers. This state
of things was never more eloquently or feelingly
depicted than by Fisher Ames, in an address in
the House of Representatives, remarkable in our
oratorical history for its beauty. It took place
during the administration of General Washing-
ton, on a resolution that it was expedient, to make
appropriations for carrying into effect the treaty
with Great Britain. The consequences of the
failure to do so formed the principal topic of Mr.
Ames's remarks; and among these the Indian hos-
tilities, to which we should be exposed by English
influence over the Indians, were the most promi-
nent. His thrilling accents yet almost ring in
my ears. The eloquent speaker said:
" On this thelne my emotions are unutterable. If I could
find words for them, if my powers bore any proportion to
my zeal, I would swell my Voice to such a note of remon-
strance, it should reach every log-house beyond the mount-
ains. I would say to the inhabitants, wake from yourfalse
security; your cruel dangers, your apprehensions are soon
to be renewed! The wounds, yet unhealed, are to be torn
open again. In the day time, your path through the woods
will be ambushed; the darkness of midnight Will glitter
with the blaze of your dwellings. You are a father—the
blood of your sons shall fatten your corn-fields. You are a
mother—the war-hoop shall wake the sleep of the cra-
dle."
I look with a feeling of loathing upon this
interference of one civilized nation with savage
tribes living out of its territory, and within the
dominions of another Power. And the feeling
reaches indignation, when the measure is cloaked
by hollow professions of philanthropy, while, in
fact, it is dictated by the purposes of power. Our
experience has been a long and costly one; and I
do not believe, that there has since been any
change in this system of political ethics, which
accelerated the downfall of our Indians, and
which is producing a similar fate upon the coast
of Central America. May our aboriginal inhab-
tants be everywhere delivered from the protection
of such a protector!
Let us survey this matter of the treaty from
another point of view. A change of position often
gives increased interest to the same landscape.
Suppose an arrangement like this had been entered
into between the French and English Govern-
ments, for the purpose of securing a transit across
the isthmus of Suez, and a safe communication
through the Red sea, for both parties, to the rich
regions of eastern Asia. And suppose the French
Government had endeavored, under the claim of
protection, and by means of money—that key to
the heart of an Arab—to gain an ascendency over
some of the Ishmaelite tribes on the eastern coast
of the Red sea, with Consuls to board and lodge the
chiefs, and to give " them advice and opinion"—
those are the words—upon all important affairs;
I say, supposing all this, what woutd be the course
of the British Government ? And the question
