1856.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
75
34th Cong....1st Sess.
Tht Central American Question—Mr. Seward.
Senate.
becomes still more emphatic, if to these supposi-
tions we join another, that the French should add
insult to injury by offering such reasons—no, not
reasons, but such pretexts—for their want of faith,
as are coolly presented and urged for our satis-
faction and acquiescence. I will not pursue the
inquiry; it cannot be necessary. The answer
may be read in the history of England, and he
who seeks it there can find it. I now renew the
request that the letter of Mr. Johnson way be
read.
The Secretary tead the letter, as follows:
Washington, Detember 30,1853.
M* i* * Sir: I cannot hesitate to comply with your
request, to give you my opinion on the construction of the
treaty of Washington, of the ]9tli of April, 1850. Pending
the negotiation of this treatv, I exerted myself, in personal
conferences with Sir Henry L. Bulwer, to bring about an
agreement between yow and hire; an<l, on several occasions,
I had the honor to be consulted by you both; particularly
in reference to the declarations made on lioth sides, at or
about the time of the exchange of ratifications.
In the first draft of the first article of the treaty presented
by you for the consideration of the President^ the contract-
ing parties were obligated not " to occupy, or fortify, or colo-
nize, or assume or exercise any dominion over Nicaragua,
-Costa Rica, the Mosquito coast, or any part of Central
.America." I thought then, as you did, that these words
were sufficient to exclude any nation disposed to observe
the faith of treaties from occupying, fortifying, colonizing,
or assuming or exercising any dominion, under any pretext,
or fbr any purpose. I stiH think so; but I remember well
that other gentlemen, who were consulted at the time,
sired, from abundant caution, that Great Britain should j
pledge herself not to make use of any protection which she
afforded or might afford, or any alliance which she had or
might have, to or with any State or people, for the purpose
of occupying, fortifying, or colonizing, or of assuming or
exercising dominion over that country; and, in consequence,
the provision to that effect was introduced as n part of that
article. The object of this was still more especially to dis-
arm the Mosquito protectorate of Great Britain in Central
America.
My own opinion was then, and it bow is, that this pro-
vision was not at all necessary. You thought as I did ; but
as it could not possibly weaken the force or effect of the
preceding words, and, if effective at all, could only serve to
render them more forcible and operative; we did not object
to its insertion. If the former words prohibited, as they
dearly did of themselves, the doing any of the particular
acts specified, an express stipulation, that such acts should
not be done, by or under cover of protectorates or alliances,
could only operate still more effectively atid absolutely to
prohibit them. Ab one of the advisers of the President, I
unhesitatingly gave him my opinion, that the treaty did.
effectually, to all intents and purposes, disarm the British
protectorate in Central America and the Mosquito coast,
although it did not abolish the protectorate in terms, nor
was it thought advisable to do so, " in ipsissimis verbis."
All that was desired by us was, to extinguish British domin-
ion over that country, whether held directly or indirectly—
whether claimed by Great Britain in her own right or in
the right of the Indians. But our Government had no mo-
tive and bo desire to prevent Great Britain from performing
any of the duties which charity or compassion for a fallen
race might dictate to her, or to deprive ourselves of the
power to interfere to the same extent in the cause of hu-
manity. We never designed to do anything which could
enable the enemies of this miserable remnant of Indians to
batcher or starve them; and we thought that both Great
Britain and the United States owed it to their high charac-
ter for civilization and humanity, to interfere so tar in t^ieir
behalf as to prevent the extirpation of the race, or the ex-
pulsion of them from the lands they occupied, without
extinguishing, by a reasonable indemnity, the Indian title
according to the rules of justice, which have been admitted
both by the English and ourselves. But we did intend,
(and the treaty contains everything for that purpose that
could be desired) to prevent the British Government from
using any armed force, without our consent, within the
prohibited region, under pretext or cover of her pretended
protectorate. And when now reviewing what was done, 1
say, upon my responsibility as a lawyer, and as the legal
adviser of the President at the time, that, in my judgment,
human language could not be more properly and admirably
selected for the purpose, than that which you employed
when you signed the treaty.
It has been said, but I can hardly accredit it, that Great
Britain now contends, in virtue of the phraseology of the
last part of the first article, incidentally speaking of the
protection which either party may use, that the treaty ac-
knowledges the protectorate over the Indians. If so, it
equally acknowledges our protectorate over the same In-
dians, or over Nicaragua, or any State which we may
choose to protect. The same words apply to both parties,
and it is a bad rule that does not work equally for both. The
moment Great Britain threatens, with arms, to defend the
Indians, and claims a right to do so in virtue of the treaty,
we may claim, by the same instrument, with equal justice,
the right to take arms in defense of Honduras and Nicar-
agua. But, in my judgment, the treaty, which was meant
for peaceful purposes, denies both to Great Britain and the
United States the right to interfere, by force of arms, for
any such purpose, or for any other purposes, except by mu-
tual consent. If Great Britain may send an army into
Nicaragua to defend the Indians without violating the treaty,
which binds her not to occupy that country, then, by the
same rule of construction, she may also fortify the whole
of Central America, or introduce a colony there under the
same pretext. Any adverse possession of Great Britain in
Central America, without our consent, is an occupation in
violation of her national faith. The construction which
Would allow her to place an aimed soldiery on the territory,
ftjrthe purpose of protecting the Indians, would also allow
her to assume absolute dominion there for the same pur-
pose, and thus annul the whole treaty.
But it may be said that, some other nation may invade
Central America, and that this construction would deprive
both the contracting parties of the power to defend it. Not
at all. Both parties have bound themselves to protect the
canal, and all the canals and all the railroads that can be
made, not only in Central America, but in any part of the
Isthmus which separates North from South America. In
virtue of this obligation, it would be the duty of both to
resist, by the most effective means in their power, all inva-
sions and other acts hostile to their great and philanthropic
common purpose. So, too, injuries or torts inflicted either
by the Indians, or by any Central American State, upon
either American citizens or British subjects, may be pun-
ished hy their respective Governments without violating
th etreaty; and no one of these States, by means of a con-
vention, which is marked in every line by a devotion to the
true principles of commerce, civilization, and equal justice
to all men, can escape punishment for her injustice or op-
pression. Th is treaty is the first instance, within my knowl-
edge, in which two great nations of the earth have thus
endeavored to combine, peacefully, for the prosecution and
accomplishment of an object Which, when completed, must
advanee the happiness and prosperity of all men; and it
would be a matter of deep regret, if the philanthropic and
noble objects of the negotiators should now be defeated by
petty cavils and special pleading on either side of the At-
lantic.
As to the declaration of Sir Henry L. Balwer, and the
counter-declaration made by you at the time of the ex-
change of the ratifications, I probably had a better oppor-
tunity of understanding the views and objects of both of
you, than any other. I assisted, by your request, in the
arrangement of the phraseology of the counter-declaration,
dated the 4th of July, 1850, to Sir H enry Xi. Bulwer's dec-
laration of the 29th of June. By your request, also, I ex-
amined Sir Henry L. Bulwer's powers, and conversed with
him, freely and fully, on the whole subject, at the very mo-
ment when, in consequence of his declaration, you threat-
ened to break off the whole negotiation.
I remember well, that, after his declaration was received,
there was a period when you had resolved to abandon the
treaty in consequence of it; but when Sir Henry consented
to receive your counter-declaration of the 4th of July, in
which you expressly limited the term, " Her Majesty's set-
tlement at Honduras," to that country which is known as
British Honduras, as contradistinguished or distinct from
the State of Honduras, and also confined the word " de-
pendencies" in his declaration to those " small islands"
known at the time to be such; in which, also, while ad-
mitting Belize, or British Honduras, not to be included in
the treaty, you disavowed all purpose of admitting any
British title even there; in which, too, you declared that
the treaty did inclnde "all the Central American States
within their jHst limits and proper dependencies," and in
which you expressly stated to him that no alteration could
be made in the treaty without the consent of the Senate,
and that he was understood as not even proposing any
such alteration; you then consented to exchange upon
that counter-declaration, which, in your judgment, and in
Inine, too, completely annulled every pretext for asserting
that the declarations of the negotiators had altered the con-
vention, or fixed an interpretation upon it contrary to the
meaning of the President and Senate. We both consid-
ered then, and, as a jurist, I now hold it to be perfectly
clear, that the exchange of the ratifications on that coun-
ter-declaration was, on the put of the British Minister, a
complete waiver of every objection thai could be taken to
any statement contained in it.
In point of law, the declarations of the negotiators, not
submitted to the Senate, were of no validity, and could not
affect the treaty. Both understood that. This Government
had decided that question in the case of the Mexican pro-
tocol, and the British Government was officially informed
of their decision. The very power to exchange ratifica-
tions gave them the same information, and it is absolutely
impossible that the British Minister could have been de-
ceived on that subject.
I remember well, that you steadily refused every effort
Qn the part of Sir Henry, to induce you to recognize the
Mosquito title. The treaty left us at liberty to recognize
the title of Nicaragua, or any other Central American State,
and left the British Government the right to recognize the
title of the Mosquito King. On these points the parties
agreed to disagree. But the right to recognize is a very
different aflair from the right to compel others to recognize.
The British protectorate was, I repeat, entirely disarmed
by the treaty. How is it possible for Great Britain to pro-
tect, if she cannot " occupy, or fortify, or assume any do-
minion whatever" in any part of the territory ? She is
equally prohibited, in my opinion, from occupying for the
purpose of protection, or protecting for the purpose of oc-
cupation. If she observes the treaty, her protectorate
" stands" (as you once well said of it, in a diplomatic
note) " the shadow of a name."
With regard to the British colony said to have been estab-
lished on the 17th of July, 1853, in the islands of Roatxn,
Bonacca, Utilla, Barbarat, Helena, and Morat, and desig-
nated as the colony of the Bay" of Islands, the question
whether, by establishing such a colony. Great Britain has
violated the treaty of 1850, depends entirely upon facts, in
regard to which there are different opinions. The only
islands known to this Government on the 4th of July, 1850,
to be dependencies of British Honduras or Belize, were those
referred to in the fouthand fifth articles of the treaty of Lon-
don, ofthe 14th of July, 1786. The fourth article provides that
" the English shall be permitted to occupy the small island
known by the names of Casina, St. George's Key, or Cayo
Catina," and by the fifth article, they "have the liberty of j
refitting their merchant ships in the southern triangle in- i
eluded between the point of Cayo Cufina and the cluster of
small islands which are situated opposite that part of the |
coast occupied hy the cutters, at the distance of eight leagues '
from tbe river Wallis, seven from Cayo Caflna, and three I
from the river Sibun, a place which has always been found
well adapted fbr that purpose. For which end, the edifices
and store-houses absolutely necessary for that purpose shall
be allowed to be built."
These articles in the treaty of 1786 give us the only
knowledge of any small islands which were, on the 4th ot
July, 1850, "dependencies   of British Honduras. I repeat,
that the counter-declaration acknowledges no other depend-
encies of British Honduras but those small islands, which
were known to be such at its date. We knew, indeed, that
Great Britain, as well as Honduras, had laid claim to Roa-
tan, but we had no information as to the ground on which
the former rested her claim. Your reply to Sir Henry L.
I Bulwer avoided any recognition of the British claim to it,
or other allusion to it, than could be inferred from the pos-
itive assertion that the treaty did include all the Central
American States, " with their just limits and proper depend-
encies." If these islands Were a part of any Central Amer-
ican State at the time of the treaty, the subsequent coloni-
zation of them by Great Britain is a elear violation of it.
If, on the other hand, they did not then belong tt> any Cen-
tral American State, it would be gross injustice on our part
to pretend that the treaty did include them. My impression
is, that Roatan belongs to the State of Honduras, but iny
knowledge of the facts is too limited to enable me to express
it without diffidence.
During the Administration of President Taylor, there
was no new aggression by Great Britain in any part of the
Isthmus which Was not promptly met and resisted. Heliad
firmly resolved, by all constitutional means in his power,
to prevent such aggression, if any should be attempted,
considering, as he did, that all the passages through tbe
Isthmus should be kept free, to enable us to retain our pos-
sessions on the Pacific. I pretend to know nothing of what
has occurred there since his day; but neither he nor his
advisers could be held responsible if the treaty negotiated
by his orders has been at any time violated since his death.
I can scarcely suppose it possible that Great Britain in-
tends seriously to interpose her protectorate again to obtain
dominion over the Isthmus. I am assured, that whatever
may be contained to the contrary in any dispatches emanat-
ing from the British Foreign Office, of which rumor speaks,
the fact is that a portion (represented to be one half) of the
claim of the Mosquito King has been lately bought up by
,; American citizens, with the concurrence and approbation
, fo the British Government; and that negotiations are on
foot,with a fair prospect of success,for the purchase, by the
same persons, ot the residue of that claim.
* * * * * * it
' I am, dear sir, sincerely your friend and obedient ser-
vant, REVERDY JOHNSON.
Hon. John M. Clayton,
United States ISenate, Washington.
THE CENTRAL AMERICAN QUESTION.
SPEECH OF HON. W. H. SE WARD,
OP NEW YORK,
In Senate, January 31, 1856,
On the motion to refer to the Committee on
Foreign Relations the Letter of Lord John Rus-
sell, respecting the construction of the Clayton-
Bulwer Treaty.
Mr. SEWARD said: Mr. President, I desire
to concentrate the attention of the Senate and of
the country upon the Central American question.
Therefore I pass over the controversy about Mr.
Crampton's violation of our neutrality laws, as I
do the more general topic of the Monroe doctrine,
both of which subjects have been elaborately dis-
cussed by the Senator from Michigan.
The President of the United States has caused
oUr case to be fully and ably presented, and
Great Britain has explicitly refused to comply
with our demands. It belongs now to Congress .
to determine the course which the country shall
pursue. It is necessary, therefore, to review our
position. If it is right, we cannot recede without
dishonor, never to be incurred. If it is wrong,
we cannot recede too soon. If we shall not re-
cede, we may involve our country in no common
war—an evil to be avoided if possible, consist-
ently with duty. I shall therefore take care not
to say, consciously, anything that might tend to
inflame our own country, or to exasperate Great
Britain.
It is no question of persons or of parties, nor
is it even a domestic question. Therefore, I shall
refrain now, as I did when I spake to it before,
from bringing any personal or partisan or do-
mestic subject into the debate, no matter who
shall invite or shall provoke to such a course.
_ Speaking geographically, Central America is
situated on the Isthmus which unites the two
continents of North America and South Amer-
ica, and extends from the southern border of
Mexico to the northern boundary of New Gra-
nada; and it spreads from that part of the Atlantic
ocean which is called the Caribbean sea, to the
shore of the Pacific ocean. Sneakiug politically,
Central America is constituted by the independ-
