1856.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1685
has fallen into an error. I did state, sir, that the
claim could not rightfully go before the Court of
Claims, because it was not derived from any law,
nor was it the result of any obligation, express or
implied, existing against the United States. But,
sir, I did not say that it was not founded on
an equitable obligation. On the contrary, it is
founded on an equitable obligation, and an equit-
able obligation of a political character.
The question presented to the consideration of
the House is this: In astate of war, the Congress
of the United States, by its legislation, has said,
that all those in the public service of the nation
who make a capture from the enemy shall be
entitled to the proceeds of that capture. Now,
sir, this legislation applies to the cases of indi-
viduals in the public scrvice, or to those in private
armed vessels duly licensed and commissioned.
The legislation of Congress has been of a general
character, and did not provide for many cases
which are necessarily embraced in the principles
of the general acts. But there have been partic-
ular acts of legislation since that time, in which
the principle involved in the genera! legislation
has been applied and extended by Congress,
again and again, to cases of this kind, which
depend upon the same principle. It has been
extended to cases in which private citizens of the
United States, acting under the.influence of pat-
riotic motives, and m discharge of the highest
duty which the citizen owes to his'country, have
captured property from the enemy, in the waters
of the United States, in every instance in which
such fact has been brought to the notice of the
Government. If such property had been cap-
tured on the high seas by persons holding com-
missions, it would have been devoteu to their
advantage; and, on the same principle, we ought
to give to those individuals who have made cap-
tures in the waters of the United States without
commissions the like advantage. It is equitable
and right, that the political principle which led to
the adoption of the general law giving to the
captors property m the thing captured, should
be"applied to private individuals. And it is more
particularly so in this instance, because the C011-
giess of the United States, in the exercise of its
political power, has again and again seen fit to
make such an extension and such an application
of the principle to others similarly situated.
Mr. McMULLIN. Does the Chair entertain
or recognize the motion winch I submitted—that
the Committee of the Whole House report this
bill to the House, with a recommendation that the
committee be discharged from the further con-
sideration of this bill, and that it be referred to
the Court of Claims ? If the Chair entertains that
motion, I desire to say a word on the subject.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair will state that
the question was originally on the motion of the
gentleman from Virginia, [Mr. Millso;;,] that
the bill be laid aside, to be reported to the House
with a recommendation that it do not pass; and
011 that motion tellers were ordered. The gentle-
man from Virginia [Mr. McMullin] moves an
amendment to that motion, so as to discbarge the
Committee of the Whole House from the further
consideration of this bill, and that it be referred
to the Court of Claims. As an amendment, the
motion is in order.
Mr. MILLSON. I will relieve my colleague
of the difficulty, as I suppose that at present his
motion is hardly in order, pending the motion
which I submitted at the last session of the com-
mittee that the bill be reported to the House, with
a recommendation that it do not pass. With a
view, however, of sending this case'to tile Court
of Claims, I will withdraw the motion which [
made, so as to make in order that motion, which
I will submit, if my colleague pleaseflin lieu of the
motion which I originally presented—namely, that
it be referred to the Court of Claims for adjudi-
cation. I withdraw, then, the motion which I
originally submitted.
Mr. CADWALADER. I will ask the gen-
tleman from Virginia [Mr. Mill son] to favor me
with a reference to the date of his speech, or as
nearly as he can give it, when this case was last
before the Committee of the Whole House.
Mr. MILLSON. I do not know exactly when
it was. It was some four or five weeks since. I
am just informed by one of the officers of the
House that it was on the 20th of June that this
question was last up before the committee.
Mr. CADWALADER. Then I beg leave to say
what the gentleman himself cannot say, that I hope
that no gentleman will vote for this bill, without
reading the remarks, printed under date of 20th
June last, delivered by the gentleman from Vir-
ginia on this floor. He there shows, I think, to
the conviction of every impartial mind, that, with
a mere change of name, this is the same dishon-
est and disreputable claim that has been already
rejected.
Mr. MILLSON. I was about to say further,
that when this question was before the committee
on a former occasion, 1 presented all the views
which then occurred to me, why this bill ought
not to pass. I acquitted myself of my duty, and
was perfectly willing that the House should
take on itself the responsibility of either passing
or rejecting the bill. If the discussion of that
day is not remembered, it is not my fault. I feel
no sort of inclination to go into the argument of
the question again.
But, as the facts seem to be very generally mis-
understood on all sides, I will briefly say what
the case is, without repeating any of the argu-
ments which I presented before. It is a simple
claim to reccivc from the Treasury, on the ground
that the capture was an illegal one—more than
the parties were entitled to if it had been a legal
one. The case as presented to the court, and as
decided by the court, was decided on the suppo-
sition that the capture was legally made. It is
i admitted on all hands that the capture was llie-
' gaily made; but, by the contrivance of the princi-
pal parties, it was made to appear to the court that I
it was a legal capture.
Mr. KNOWLTON. I askleaveto correctthe
gentleman from Virginia.
Mr. MILLSON. Certainly, sir.
Mr. KNOWLTON. On a former occasion I
showed that the action of the court was based on
the ground that it was a seizure under the revenue
law,° while the facts as afterwards developed
show that it was a capture instead of a seizure.
Mr. MILLSON. Now, that is precisely what
I said. If it was a capture, it was illegal, be-
cause these were non-commissioned captors.
Mr. KNOWLTON. Will the gentleman allow
me? It was explained on a former occasion that
the men who composed the crew embraced in
this bill, believed that they were acting legally
under Captain Miller. It was not their fault, as
the evidence shows. |
Mr. MILLSON. I have nothing to say about [
that, whether they believed or did not believe that J
the capture was a legal one. I speak of the facts,
I say that the gentleman himself [Mr. Kkowlios]
has admitted, and will admit now, that the cap-
ture was illegal. I say again, that it was present- ;
ed to the court as a legal capture by the contriv- ]
ance of the principal parties. It was made to j
appear that the capture was a legal one : and the ,
judges, considering the capture to be a legal one, J
disposed of the proceeds by giving one half to j
those who took the property, and the other half
to the Government, distributing the moiety which ,
the captors received between Noah Miller and the j
collector, and giving to the present petitioners j
§1,000 each, as their share of what the court
regarded to be a legal capture.
I say that the present application is founded on
the ground that the captuie was not a legal one;
that'it was not made by a revenue boat, as was
then pretended, but was made by these persons
as non-commissioned captors, though, if the gen-
tlemen please, they may have supposed they were
commissioned captors. Now they ask, as illegal
captors, the other moiety which the Government
had received, and which they could not have re-
ceived if the capture had been legal, as it was sup-
posed to be.
That is the simple state of facts. I shall
not trouble the House further if it has forgotten
what I said on a former occasion, when I was
presenting my views m opposition to the bill.
Mr. G1DDINGS. If I can got the attention
of the committee for a single moment, I will ex-
press my views upon the subject of this bill.
This case was fully investigated before our com-
mittee; and ill order to understand its merits it
is necessary to go to the history of the action of
the Government in such cases. _ The first capture
that was made in the Revolution was under cir-
cumstances similar to these. It was by men,
inhabitants of Maine, who voluntarily entered
and took possession of a boat in Machias bay, in
that State. Theyattacked a British vessel; some
of them were killed in the action; but they cap-
tured the vessel, and the Government awarded
the prize to the captors; and in every instance, X
want gentlemen to understand, where citizens
have captured vessels from the enemy during
any of the wars, those vessels have been award-
ed to the captors. Sir, these men, although they
did not wait to be commissioned by the Govern-
ment, yet risked their lives—some of them were
killed; but they captured the vessel, and the pro-
ceeds of the sale went into the Treasury. Here,
sir, are these men, whose money the Govern-
ment has had the use of for forty years. They
are now in the decline of life and in poverty.
They do not ask for money which is to come
from our constituents. They ask us to give
them the money to which they are entitled, for
the vessel and cargo which they captured, and
which has been withheld from them. And shall
we withhold it? Would that be patriotism upon
the part of this House? Why, sir, every -man
who entered the service of the country, and con-
tinued in it fourteen days, receives one hundred
and sixty acres of land. But these men were
in actual combat for three hours; they captured
the vessel and cargo which were sold by the
Government; and the question now is, shall we
give them the money to which they are entitled?
That is the whole case.
Mr. MILLSON. I withdraw the motion to
report the bill to the House with a recommenda-
tion that it do not pass, and substitute the motion
that the bill be reported to the House with the
recommendation that it be referred to the Court
of Claims.
Mr. SAPP demanded tellers upon the motion.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Sapp and
Millson were appointed.
The question was taken; and the tellers reported
—ayes 35, noes 104.
So the motion was not agreed to.
The bill was then laid aside to be reported to
the House.
HEIRS OF RENNER AND HEATH.
The committee next proceeded to the considera-
tion of House bill (No. 206) for the relief of the
, heirs and legal representatives of Daniel Renner
i and Nathaniel H. Heath.
; The bill directs the Secretary of the Treasury
I to cause the claim of Daniel Renner and Nathan-
: icl II. Heath, late of the firm of Renner & Heath,
' or their legal representatives, to be audited and
settled according to the principles of equity and
justice—the same being for property destroyed
by the British in 1814, during the last war with
Great Britain.
Section two provides that the claim shall be ex-
amined upon evidence now on file, and such evi-
dence as may hereafter be presented, and com-
pensation shall be made for the value of the
movable property destroyed, after making a fail-
deduction for the probable damage and cost of
removing said property to a place of safety, and
returning it to the city after the danger had
passed; provided that the sum paid upon the
settlement of said account, in addition to what
has been heretofore paid, shall not exceed the
sum of $4,636; which, when paid, shall be in full
of all damages and claims of the said Renner &
Heath, or their representatives, arising out of the
destruction of their property by the enemy during
the said war with Great Britain; and provided
further, that the amount paid by virtue of the
provisions of this act shall be paid in equal parts
to the said Renner & Heath, or to their legal
representatives. .
The report states, that during the last war
with Great Biitam, Daniel Renner and Nathaniel
II. Heath, under the firm of Renner & Heath,
were engaged at the city of Washington m the
manufacture of rope and cordage for the JNavy,
as well as for the community generally. ^
That when the city was threatened with inva-
sion they had on hand in their walk, near the
navy-yard, a large quantity of cordage, rope,
and twine, suitable for the public use; and fear-
ing the destruction of their property by the
approaching enemy, they employed, m ample
season, a sufficient number of boats to remove
all their stock to a place of safety; but their
boats were taken from them and impressed into
