1686
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 19,
the service of the United States to remove Young's
brigade across the Potomac, by order of Gen-
era! Winder. Renner &. Heath then procured
carts, and afterwards wagons, for the removal of
their property; but these were also impressed by
the United States Government, to remove books
and papers from the public offices, and for the
removal of other public property. Finding their
utmost industry and vigilance, as exhibited in
these energetic efforts to save their property by
removal, thus frustrated by the Government,
they were reluctantly compelled to leave it to its
fate.
The enemy soon after entered the city, dis-
covered these naval stores, set lire to and burnt
them, and with them destroyed all the stock,
implements, and buildings of the said Renner &
Heath, comprising substantially their entire prop-
erty. Of the liability of the Government to make
compensation for the movable stores thus de-
stroyed, Congress made full admission on a for-
mer application for relief, the petitioners then
being allowed $19,803 60 towards their losses
thus sustained. That sum was awurded to the
petitioners, then representing the firm of Renner I
& Heath, under the act of Congress for thai pur-
pose, approved February 16, 1819, by the ac-
counting officers of the Treasury Department,
to whom the subject was by that act referred,
and who were unable to make a larger allowance,
notwithstanding the evidence, because they were
restricted to that amount as the maximum by the
terms of the act itself.
Mr. HALL, of Massachusetts. I move that
the bill be laid aside to be reported to the House
with a recommendation that it pass.
Mr. McMULLIN. What is the amount of
the appropriation >
The CHAIRMAN. Not more than four thou-
sand dollars.
Mr. McMULLIN. My friend from Alabama
[Mr. Cobb] says that the bill ought to pass.
Mr. COBB. Yes, sir. It submits the question
to the decision of the Treasury Department. He
cannot allow more than four thousand dollars.
Mr. McMULLIN. This case was investigated
in 1819. It seems to me that the Congress of that
day were as capable of giving this question a just
decision as we are. Since then, however, we
have, in addition to the first appropriation, paid
for the rope-walk and other buildings. I suppose
the Congress that paid for the rope-walk and
other buildings was as competent to judge of the
case as we can be. Two dollars the ton was the
amount deducted for the removal of the hemp,
rope,&c. Is two dollars sufficient for that removal'
How far would two dollars the ton remove the
property of this company > I should like to know
whether two dollars per ton is sufficient for the
removal of that property out of the way of the
enemy. I know something of hauling. Jn my
youth I was engaged in hauling goods, wares,
and merchandise.
It strikes me, Mr. Chairman, that this claim is
rather of a questionable character. It has been
before the Congress of 1819 and the Congress of
1853. Unless we can fix on some mode of final
decision, there never will be an end to these claims
against the Government. I will not vote for the
bill, though it may bo advocated by my friend
from Alabama, who is, as a general rule, a good
standard for my action.
Mr. DAVIDSON. I should like to ask the
chairman of the committee whether the fact is
established that the boats for taking the property
out of the way of the enemy were impressed into
service by the Government forces ?
Mr. COBB. That is established beyond con-
troversy.
Mr. DAVIDSON. Then I do not see how we
can avoid paying.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. Mr. Chairman, if
gentlemen will read the report in this case, they
will find that, after the restoration of peace in 1819,
a claim was made for hemp, cordage, twine,&c.,
destroyed by the British forces when m posses-
sion of this city in 1814, of §31,510 75. Congress
passed a law to pay for the hemp, rope, cordage,
twine, &c., destroyed as alleged. It did not
admit the full amount of the claim of thirty-
one thousand and odd dollars; it appropriated
§19,803 CO for the losses incurred as alleged. In
February, 1853, another act was passed by Con-
"i for the benefit of these parties. To indem-
nify them for the loss of rope-walk and fixtures
destroyed by the enemy, an appropriation was
made of $6,744. In all, there was appropriated
the sum of §26,547 50. The rope-walk and other
buildings, and the hemp, rope, cordage, &c.,
have all been paid for. Are we to go back and
revise all acts of indemnity heretofore passed ?
Are we to reexamine bills passed forty, thirty,
twenty, or even five years ago, and say that
enough was not appropriated to satisfy any par-
ticular claim ? Are we to do this when necessarily
nearly all of the evidence important for the exam-
ination has been destroyed, lost, or mislaid? Let
gentlemen look for a moment where this sort of
legislation is to lead us.
Then, sir, I say that this case having been
twice passed upon, and twice paid by Congress—
first for the movable property, and afterwards
for ' the property attached to the freehold—we
have nothing more, and should have nothing
more, to do with it.
Mr. KNOWLTON. I regret that my colleague
on the committee, [Mr. Marshall, of Illinois,]
who reported this bill, is not in his seat. I do not
remember all the particulars of the case, but I
remember well that it was demonstrated to the
committee, that there was more property de-
stroyed there than the parties have ever been
paid for. It was also shown in evidence that
there were teams prepared hy the parties for the
removal of that property, and that they would
have removed the property, but that the Govern-
ment stepped in and took those teams, and came
to this very building for the purpose of removing
the public property, in order that the public
records might not be destroyed.
The committee, under the circumstances, were
of the opinion that the bill ought to pass.
Mr. HALL, of Massachusetts. It seems to
me that the representations made by the gentle-
man from Tennessee ran hardly have its effect
of inducing this committee to reject the bill on
the ground that this claim has already been twice
acted upon. The very fact that it has been twice
acted upon makes it perfectly obvious, to my
mind, that there has been imperfect action.
Granting that there has been perfect action in
all the provision of law to pay for the rope-walk
itself, yet for the removed property the amount
claimed was not paid; and it so appears, from
the fact that a certain sum was appropriated—a
sum not. sufficient to cover the claim in all its de-
tails. There is no reason then, why, under the
circumstances, this claim should not be further
pursued; and the proposition is now only that,
as there is an uncertainty as to the amount of
money which ought to have been paid, a provision
should be made to pay the petitioners such
amount as they have not been paid, and are enti-
tled to, to be determined by the Auditor of the
Treasury Department. If it is referred to him,
all the evidence in regard to this matter will be
canvassed. If there is no new evidence, the Au-
ditor of the Treasury will say then there is no
claim, and there will be an end of the proceeding.
What reasonable objection can be urged to this
course when there is a diversity of opinion in re-
gard to the matter ? As these men were obstructed
by the Government in the attempt to save their
own property, and their materials used to save the
archives of the Government from destruction,
they ask that they may be compensated m full,
and as they ought to be. There is no reason wily
this opportunity to be heard should not be given
to them, and that is all that the bill proposes.
Mr. FULLER, of Maine. I would like to in-
quire of the gentleman from Massachusetts, if
this same evidence, upon which the claim to be
paid is now asked, was not before Congress in
1819 and in 1853 ?
Mr. HALL. Undoubtedly.
Mr. FULLER. I recollect something about
this claim, and members who remain here any
length of time well know all such claims. I recol-
lact that m 1853 it was said that these men had
been paid for their rope and hemp. I suppose
that, three or four Congresses hence, a claim will
be brought up for the loss of the use of that prop-
erly.
I have another objection to this bill. If there
is aclaimagainst the Government,and it is a just
claim, this is the proper body to specify the sum,
and to appropriate it, and it should not be referred
to the Secretary of the Treasury, or to any
accounting officer of the Treasury. It was precise-
ly in that way that the Galphin claim got through
—by referring it to the Secretary of the Treasury
to settle it according to principles of equity and
justice. If Congress, acting as a judicial body
upon this case while the transaction wa s fresh, and
the recollection of witnesses fresh, investigated
the matter and agreed upon the sum to be paid,
why should it not be res adjudicata, and why
should Congress be afterwards called upon to
reopen it? There never will be an end to claims
against the Government if this course is adopted.
I recollect that this claim was regarded with great
doubt in 1853, and the action of Congress then
was supposed to be an end of it.
Mr. H. MARSHALL. It seems to me that
this bill ought not to pass. According to the
report of the committee, we are here called upon
to review that which the committee which origin-
ally examined this case thought was a final
decision. A dispute seems to have arisen about
this price of the rope. The committee which
originally examined this subject thought that
a certain deduction should be made; and this
claim comes before Congress again, upon the
ground, that that committee made too large a de-
duction, and that the prices which the claimants
had charged originally were fair prices, or prices
that the good's would, a short time afterwards,
have brought; Where an invoice has been made
out of property destroyed, leaving the owners
to put down their own prices, and your com-
mittee has, in the adjudication of the loss, determ-
ined the prices, and there has been no successful
appeal upon the part of the claimants to the Con-
gress which adjudicated it, it seems to me that it
is rather too late a day now to come before the
Congress of the United States, and ask them to
review and readjust the proper prices which they
ought to have charged for their losses.
1 am not disposed to criticise the action of
another Congress, but I must confess my inability
to perceive the principle upon which the Con-
gress of 1853 voted to pay these people for the
rope-walk. The enemy could not have trans-
ported the rope-walk away, though they could
the goods; and it is a new principle of public law
to bind the Government to pay for real estate, or
real chattels, destroyed by the enemy.
However, they have got back here, and T am
not now disposed to reopen the case, much less
to refer it to an Auditor of the Treasury Depart-
ment to say what, according to the equity of the
case, is right. This case has been heard upon
two occasions by the Congress of the United
States, and the parties have been compensated
upon both occasions. They have had full oppor-
tunity to make themselves heard in full. The
first time they did present their case in full, and
it is res adjudicata, so far as Congress is con-
cerned.
Congress has considered the subject, and adjudi-
cated upon it; and it seems to me that it is too
late in the day now to be bringing forward evi-
dence to attempt to correct prices, especially when
that correction is to be the correction of an adjudi-
cation made by Congress.
Mr. COBB, of Alabama. If any gentlemen
have anything fiuther to say against the case I
should like to hear it.
Mr. GREENWOOD. I am not in the habit,
Mr. Chairman, of taking part in such discussions
as this, and I only rise now for the purpose of
calling the attention of the House to the two sev-
eral acts which Congress has passed for the pur-
pose of compensating these individuals for the '
alleged loss of their property. I fully agree with
the gentleman from Kentucky, [Mr. H. Mar-
shall,] that there ought to be some point of
| estoppel against the presentation of claims, when
they have been once considered and passed upon
by Congress, especially where they have been
favorably considered, whore a bill has been passed
for the relief of the parties, and where they have
taken the benefit of the act.
Now I propose to send up to the Clerk's table
an act passed by Congress in 1819, that it may
be read for the information of the House, and
for the purpose of showing the character of the
first act passed for the relief of these parties.
The bill, approved February 16,1819, was read.
It authorizes and directs the accounting officers
of the Treasury to settle the claim of Daniel
Heath and Nathaniel A. Renner, on account of
