1856.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
77
34th Cong.... 1st Sess.
The Central American Question—Mr. Seward.
Senate.
by the presence of its mercantile marine and its
armed navy, kept the nations of the East in their
places; the other, by the mere influence of its
opinions and its laws, was supreme among the
newer nations of the West. They met on that
important strait, not to contend together for
dominion over it, nor yet to combine together to
seize and divide an exclusive dominion there, but
to make it free to each other, and equally free to
all mankind. They met in the presence of the
feeble and contentious republics which the in-
fluence of their own institutions had perhaps too
soon organized out of the ruins of Spanish des-
potism in America, not to overthrow and subju-
gate those republics, and seize the domains which
they could not hold, but to fortify them, and
guarantee their possessions to them forever. It is
not the present, but the future, that stamps upon
human transactions their true and lasting charac-
ter. Higher than the fame of Agincourt, of Sar-
atoga, of Waterloo, or of Buena Vista, shall be
the glory of that conjunction of Great Britain and
America on the heights that command the repose
of the world. The truce they made there was
not effected without mutual self-denial, acquired
under the discipline of free government. Great
Britain repressed a constitutional ambition that
had long convulsed the world. The United States I
subdued one that nature prompted, and the voice ]
of mankind applauded and encouraged. Let not ;
that sacred truce be broken, and these friendly
Powers engage in deadly strife and discord, and
violence be thus let loose, to arrest the progress
of the nations. Better for the pride of each, that
the white cliffs that garrison the coast of England
sink into a black and pestilential morass, and
that Niagara lose forever its deep-toned voice,
and ooze through a vulgar channel to the sea,
than that the great and sonorous concord thus \
established between them be rudely broken. I i
counsel you, Senators and statesmen of the Uni-
ted States, by all the motives that are born in the
love of such a land as ours, in such an age as
this—I counsel the Senators and statesmen of
Great Britain, by all the motives that greatness
and ambition like her own will not permit to be
inactive—to preserve and maintain, at all costs
and hazards, and through all discontents and
jealousies, this great treaty. Let this political
rainbow stand, stretching from the skies down-
wards on either side to the horizon, a pledge that
the nations shall not again be overwhelmed by
any after-coming deluge of human passions.
1 shall examine first the question concerning
the Mosquito coast. The United States insist
that Great Britain is bound by the treaty to with-
draw from that district. Great Britain denies the
obligation.
The United States take their stand on the fair
and natural effect of the language contained in the
treaty. Its stipulations are, that Great Britain
shall not obtain or maintain any colony or occu-
pation, or exercise any dominion over Nicaragua,
Gosta Rica, the Mosquito coast, or any part of
Central America. Great Britain asserts that the
stipulations are only prospective, and do not take
hold upon and terminate any occupation or colony
or dominion of hers which is existing at the time
when the treaty is concluded. She argues that
Such an effect is merely inferential; whereas, if it
had been intended, it would have been embodied
in the form of an express renunciation.
It seems to me that the renunciation does not
rest in an inference only, but is explicitly ex-
pressed. The treaty is very brief. It grasps many
great interests of the United States, of Great
Britain, of the Mosquito nation, of the Belize
colony, of Nicaragua, Honduras, Costa Rica, and
the two other Central American States, of Mex-
ico and New Granada, and of all friendly nations,
and necessarily disposes of them in language
which is comprehensive, while it is abrupt and
terse. Great Britain stipulates that she will not
ever (that is to say,after this time, henceforward)
maintain any colony or occupancy, or exercise any
dominion over the Mosquito coast. This stipu-
lation cannot be fully executed, unless Great
Britain shall, from this time, relinquish, discon-
tinue, give up, retire from, and abandon, what-
ever colony, occupation, or domain, of whatever
form or nature, she now maintains or exercises
on the Mosquito coast. A doubt may arise
whether the colony, occupation, and dominion,
indirectly maintained and exercised in the form
of a protectorate over the Mosquito nation, is
included in the renunciation. To remove this
doubt, Great Britain repeats and specifies that she
will not (from this time henceforward) " make
use of any protection which she now affords to
any State or people, for the purpose of maintain-
ing any colony, or occupation, or exercising any
dominion whatever, on the Mosquito coast." I
turn the argument of Great Britain against her-
self. If she is not to relinquish and discontinue
her Mosquito colony, occupation, and dominion,
now maintained ana exercised in the form of a
protectorate, why does she not expressly reserve
and save them ?
I submit, in the next place, that if the Ameri-
can construction is not the true one, then the
treaty is destitute of that mutuality which is in-
herent in all conventions, and avowed with pecu-
liar earnestness and solemnity in this one. The
United States have not, either on the Mosquito
Coast or in any other part of Central America,
any colony, occupation, or dominion, of any form
whatever. They stipulate that they will never
obtain or assume any such. Great Britain has
all of these existing in the form of the protector-
ate, and that constitutes the obstacle to the open-
ing of the proposed ship canal, an object desired
by both parties. She agrees on her part that she
will not only not obtain or assume any new colony,
occupation, or dominion there, but she will not
hereafter maintain or exercise any such that is
now existing. As she has heretofore " made use"
of her protectorate for the purpose of maintain-
ing ana exercising such occupancy and dominion,
she agrees that she will make use of that machin-
ery for those purposes no longer. But if the
machinery is preserved at all, it must constitute
now, as heretofore, a colony, an occupation, a
dominion;and therefore the machinery itself must
cease. If the British construction is right, then
Great Britain has conceded nothing present and
nothing future; while the United States have con-
ceded everything, equally present and future, by
excluding themselves henceforward and forever
from Central America.
One can scarcely maintain his gravity when
he finds Lord Clarendon, on the other hand, ar-
guing that the British construction is based on
the principle of mutuality. His syllogism is this:
Great Britain has colonies, occupations, and do-
minions, in Central America; the United States
have none. If Great Britian relinquish her colo-
nies, occupations, and dominions, she surrenders
advantages without receiving any equivalents.
But it is to be remembered that the United States
denied absolutely the British title to their col-
onies, occupations, and dominions, in Central
America; and, secondly, they had antagonistical
rights to establish colonies, occupations, and do-
minions there, by virtue of the contract and two
treaties extended to them by Nicaragua, whose
title they hold to be paramount to that of Great
Britain. To avoid this conflict between them-
selves, the parties agree to abandon Central
America to the States existing there, to whom it
belongs.
Pressed by the American argument, Great Brit-
ain concedes that the treaty limits and modifiesher
protectorate; but she cannot stand on that ground,
because the treaty specifies no limitations or mod-
ifications; and the language which confessedly
works them out, equally works a complete dis-
continuance and abandonment of the protectorate
herself.
•Lord Clarendon attempts to derive a contem-
poraneous exposition favorablo to the British
construction from the conduct of Spain and the
United States previous to the treaty. Spain did
not indeed remonstrate against the protectorate
during the last years of her power in America, but
she had abundant occupation in defending them
against her insurgent provinces. The United
States did not challenge the legality of the pro-
tectorate before 1849, although invited to do so
by Central America, and the States of Honduras,
Guatemala, and Nicaragua. But then they had
acquired no title and no interest which would
authorize their intervention. When that title
and that interest were acquired, they promptly
and explicitly announced to Great Britain tneir
irreconcilable opposition to her maintenance of
the protectorate.
I have already given the protest made by Mr.
Rives. I give now the language of Mr. Clayton,
as expressed by Mr. Lawrence:
" Is Great Britain eager or willing that the question of
her allespd protectorate should be tried at the bar of the
public opinion of the world ? Does she believe that she can
obtain credit for having undertaken it from a conviction
that the Mosquitoes were competent to discharge the duties
of sovereignty; or is she disposed to hazard the notoriety
of the tact, that the visor of royalty which she would fain
place upon the pseudo-monarch of that region is too trans-
parent to conceal the features of the real sovereign? Can
Great Britain imagine that the commercial nations of the
world will tacitly allow her, by means so invidious, to ob-
tain substantial and exclusive control over the right of way
to the Pacific, by the port of San Juan and the river of that
nauie, or to wrest the sovereignty over that region from the
rightful proprietor ? In such pretensions we trust that the
United States, at least, will never acquiesce."—[Senate
Doc. 27, p. 19, Vol. III., 2d Sess. 32d Cong.J
Lord Clarendon next resorts to a refinement of
criticism quite extraordinary in such a place.
He refers to the stipulation by which the parties
agree to invite all Powers friendly to either of
them to enter into stipulations similar to those
contained in the treaty; and argues that this agree-
ment Would include the Central American States;
while, if they should accept the invitation and
sign the treaty, they would thereby, according to
the American construction, renounce the territo-
ries in which they exist. The most cursory
reading of the stipulation, with its context, shows
that two classes of States are contemplated—one
class, not those existing in Central America; the
other, those which are established there. Only
the first class are invited to enter into stipulations
similar to the present treaty, and they are also
invited to follow the example of the contracting
parties, and enter into especial treaties with the
second class—namely, the Central American
States.
I leave this controversy of words, and, follow-
ing the distinguished negotiators, I rise to the
height of the great argument. Mark, I pray you,
the manifest conflict of the British exposition with
itself.
In his statement of the 11th of September, 1855,
Lord Clarendon argues thus:
" If the treaty had been intended to act upon and term-
inate the protectorate, 'it would have contained in specific
terms a renunciation, on the part of Groat Britain, of the
possessions and rights which, up to the conclusion of the
convention, she had claimed to maintain.' "
Again, and on the same hypothesis, he writes:
" The treaty would then have imposed upon Great Britain
the obligation to renounce possessions and. rights, without
any equivalent renunciation on tbe part ot the United
States."
Again:
" If the convention was intended to impose upon Great
Britain an obligation to withdraw from portions of ten itory
occupied by it, then the Government of the Central Ameri-
can States would, by the mere act of accession, sign away
their rights to the territories in which they were situated."
Once more he writes:
" The British Government neither have the wish to ex-
tend the limits of their possessions or the sphere of their influ-
ence in that quarter, nor would any British interest be pro-
moted by doing so. But, the British Government are not
prepared to contract either the one or the other."
You see at once that, in these branches of the
discussion, the protectorate is no unsubstantial,
shadowy thing, but that, on the contrary, it is a
political institution, having the elements of pos-
session, occupancy, and dominion.
Listen now to his lordship, while, with equal
skill, he plays upon a lower key. In his state-
ment of May 2, 1854, he writes:
"It is proper that her Majesty's Government should ni
once state her Majesty has never held any possessions what-
ever in the Mosquito country. But, although Great Britain
held no possessions in the Mosquito country, she undoubt-
edly exercised a great and extensive influence over it, as
the protecting ally of the Mosquito king."
Again he writes:
"Mr. Buchanan confounds the two conditions of a sov-
ereignty and a. protectorate, and, under this error, treats tbe
agreement not to colonize, or occupy, or fortify, nor assume
nor exercise dominion over, as an agreement not to protect.
With respect to sovereignty, Great Britain never claimed,
and does not now claim or hold, any sovereignty over Mos-
quito."
Here the British protectorate dissolves into a
faint and indistinct shadow, and a Mosquito king-
dom rises up before us, as perfect in outline and
majestic in proportions as one of those graceful
