88
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 27,
4
from Alexander Gibson, a lieutenant in the Uni-
ted States Navy, who has been retired on the
furlough list by the late naval board, complaining
of their action and praying redress; which was
referred to the Committee on Naval Affairs,
■w Mr. FISH presented the petition of A. C.
Rhind, complaining of the action of the late naval
board, and asking restoration to his former rank;
which was referred to the Committee on Naval
Affairs.
Also, the petition of several citizens of Rich-
mond county, in the State of New York, asking
for the restoration of Lieutenant J. C. Carter to
the active service list of the Navy, from which
he was displaced by the action of the late naval
hoard; which was referred to the Committee on
Naval Affairs.
Mr. HAMLIN presented the memorial of
George M. Weston, a commissioner of the State
of Maine for prosecuting the claims of that State
against the United States, for lands apportioned
to settlers under the fourth article of the treaty
of Washington, and expenses incurred m the
execution of the said fourth article, praying for
the settlement of those claims; which, with the
papers heretofore filed relating to the same case,
was leferred to the Committee on Claims.
Also, the petition of Jacob Carlton, for himself
and the owner,3 and sharesmen of the schooner
Brandyv/ine, employed in the cod-fishery, pcay-
ing a grant of fishing bounty for the time she was
so employed; which was referred to the Commit-
tee on Commerce.
PAPERS WITHDRAWN ANB REFERRr.D.
On motion by Mr. SEWARD, it was
Ordered, That the petition of Itcbei:(:;i Huii>ey, widow of
Zt'pimtUaii If.'iNi'y, lie witltdi.'m'n from the. files of the. Sen-
ate and referred fo the Committee on iVut-ions.
On motion by Mr GEYER, it was
Ordered, That the petition ami accompanying papers of
Captain I,nnL'do;i l;;i ,t.on,a--'i.t;;ut quiutfnnm-tor 10 r,lte
An:t>, [jrajitig thul Ik: may be credited with an amount of
public money of which lie was (kfiauded by his clerk, ho
withdrawn fiom the flies of the Senate and referred to the
Committee 011 Military Allans.
ADJOURNMENT OVER.
Mr. THOMSON, of New Jersey. Ar tWo
is but a amall number of Senators present, i move
that when the Senate adjourns to-day it be to
niect on Monday next.
Mr. ADAMS. From a ivport I have heard of
(he vothigin the House of UoprcHOtitativoK this
jrioniing, it is not impiobablc India Sprnk^ruiny
be elected to-day; and if n Speaker .should be
elected, it would be very dcirirabic to receive the
nmuial mes^a^o of the Pi rodent as «oon as pos-
sible. 1 merely throw out the suggestion that it
is not improbable that a Speaker may be clected
by the other H<mac to-day, and if so, we should
jnu't to-morrow to receive the message.
Mr. IiAMLlN. I think it would be much
better Jo adopt the motion submitted by the Sen-
ator from New Jersey. The vacant seats here
pioelaiiii that many Seno tors arc ub.^cut, and they
will probably be absent for some days, as it was
jiot expected that any business would, be trans-
acted during the holidays.
The motion was agreed to.
EXECUTIVE SESSION".
Several messages of an executive character
having been received from the President of the i
United Status, by Mr. Webster, ids Private See- !
rotary— !
Oa motion of Mr. STUART, the Senate pro- I
cecdcdto the consideration of executive business; |
and after some time spent therein, the doors were I
reopened, and the Senate adjourned to Monday.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Thursday, December 27,1855.
At ten o'clock, a. m., (the hour to which the
House took a recess yesterday,) the Clerk called
the members to order.
The CLERK. When the House took are-
cess yesterday, the pending question was on the
resolution submitted by the gentleman from Ohio,
[Mr. Campbell,] with the amendment, in the
shape of a substitute, offered by the gentleman
from Indiana, [Mr. Colfax,] the previous ques-
tion having been demanded by the gentleman
from Ohio.
The resolution is as follows: .
Resolved, That the Hon. James L. Orr, of South Car-
olina, be invited to preside over this body until a Speaker
is elected.
The following is the substitute proposed by
Mr. Colfax:
Strike out all after the xvord " Resolvedand insert in
lieu thereof the following:
That the three parties into which this House is divided,
represented by the one hundred and five votes for Mr.
Banks, the seventy-five for Mr. Richardson, and the forty
for Mr. Puller, shall each select a Speaker pro tempore,
who shaU preside over the deliberations of this House al-
ternately, as they may mutually agree amongst themselves,
until a Speaker is elected.
Mr. BARKSDALE. I move that there be a
call of the House. It is very evident that there
is not a quorum here.
Mr. WASHBURNE, oflllinois.. I desire to
know if there is such a thing as a call of the
House under the parliamentary law ?
The CLERK. There is such a proceeding
recognized both by the parliamentary law and
the Constitution.
Mr. COBB, of Georgia. I ask for tellersupon
the motion of the gentleman from Mississippi.
The Clerk appointed Messrs. Traftok-, and
Amen of Illinois, to act as tellers.
The House divided, and the tellers reported—
ayes 57, noes 14.
So it was ordered that there be a call.
The roil was then called, and one hundred and
eighty-five members answered to their names.
Mr. SAGE. I more to dispense with all
further proceedings under the call.
The motion was agreed to.
The CLERK. The question before the House
is on the resolution of the gentleman from Ohio,
and the demand for the previous question thereon.
Mr. CUMBACK. I move to lay the whole
subject on the table.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of 0hio. I ask the gentle-
man to withdraw that motion.
Mr. CUMBACK. I withdraw it.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I withdraw for the present
the demand for the previous question, for the
purpose of stating, that my only object yesterday
m offering the resolution was to provide for such a
temporary organization as would bo calculated to
preserve order during a night session. [ under-
stand this morning that one of the frien'ds of the
proposition of the gentleman from Georgia, [Mr.
Stcfhums, | which prqvailcd yesterday, and which
has now been demonstrated to amount to nothing
practically, are disposed to rescind it, in order that
we may go on in the usual way of electing a
Speaker duiing proper hours. "With that under-
standing, mid for the purpose of giving gentlemen
an opportunity to rescind that resolution, I will
withdravflfcmporarily my resolution, there being
no necessity for it unless we should have pro-
tracted sessions. If it should become necessary,
I shall renew it.
Mr. ORE., (Mr. Campbell yielding the floor.)
Inasmuch as the gentleman from Ohio has indi-
cated his purpose to withdraw the resolution
which he offered yesterday, I feel myself relieved
from any delicacy in making remarks which, un-
der other circumstances, I could not have made.
I have learned with some surprise that a rumor
lias been set on foot, prejudicial both to the hon-
orable gentleman and to myself, that the motion
which lie made was by preconcert. So far as I
know, so far as I have heard, so fur as I believe,
it is false; there is no foundation whatever in
truth for the rumor which has received currency
from perhaps interested motives. No man upon
the floor was more surprised than myself when
the gentleman introduced the resolution. It was
a compliment to me, coining from that gentleman,
which I appreciated highly, and which I shall
always continue to cherish, let the future be
what it. may. I have associated with that honor-
able gentleman for six years upon the floor of the
House of Representatives, and the tribute coming
from liim to my impartiality and integrity I
shall always prize. I take this occasion publicly
to thank him for the compliment ho has paid me.
I make this statement, because it is due to him
and his friends as well as to me and my friends.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio. I am obliged to
the honorable gentleman for his correction of the
falsehood. I will however say, in reference to
that particular slander, that I never interchanged
oiv single word with the gentleman from South
Carolina upon the subject of my resolution.
But, sir, I care but little about the rumor, for the
reason that there are a thousand other rumors
which I have heard, during our protracted efforts
to elect a Speaker, equally false and slanderous,
but which I do not deem worthy of notice. I
believe it is generally understood that the most
notorious of all liars is Madam Rumor.
Now, Mr. Clerk, to the point. I understand
that it is the wish of some gentlemen to rescind
the resolution passed yesterday at the sugges-
tion of the honorable gentleman from Georgia,
[Mr. Stephens,] and for that purpose I propose
to withdraw the resolution now before the House.
I hope then we shall go to balloting for Speaker
with as little debate as possible, and that we
shall continue to vote as steadily as is practicable,
without extending our sessions into the night.
I now withdraw temporarily the resolution under
consideration, with the understanding that some
one voting with tRe majority on the adoption of
the resolution of the gentleman from Georgia
yesterday will move to rescind that resolution.
A Member. Make the motion yourself.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I voted for the resolution
of the gentleman from Georgia yesterday, be-
cause my friends desired it, rather against the
convictions of my own judgmen t—a thing I do
not promise to do in future. To save time, I will
now myself make the motion to rescind the reso-
lution of the gentleman from Georgia, and upon
| that motion I demand the previous question.
The CLERK. The resolution ottered by the
gentleman from Ohio will be withdrawn if no
objection be made.
No objection being made, the resolution was
accordingly withdrawn.
Mr. SNEED. I renew tho resolution just
withdrawn by tho gentleman from Ohio.
Mr. CUMBACK. 1 move to lay that resolu-
tion on the table.
The CLERK. Tho Clerk inquires of the gen-
tleman from Ohio upon what motion he submit-
ted a motion for tha previous question ?
Mr. CAMPBELL. Upon the motion to re-
scind the resolution of the gentleman from Georgia.
The CLERIC. Then the motion of the gen-
tleman from Tennessee to renew tho resolution
of the gentleman from Ohio is not in order. The
question is upon seconding the demand for the
previous question.
Mr. STEPHENS. I ask the gentleman from
Ohio to withdraw the demand for the previous
question for a moment.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I will, if the gentleman
from Georgia desires to submit any remarks, with
the understanding that he shall renew it.
Mr. STEPHENS. I wish to say that when I
submitted tho resolution which I did yesterday,
I was anxious that we should elect a Speaker,
and I then supposed there was a majority of the
House desirous of the same result. I became
satisfied yesterday evening that I was mistaken
in that opinion. A number of gentlemen, fully
half I believe, who voted with me for the resolu-
tion which I offered, and who I had supposed
would remain with me here through the night, if
neccssary, on the last vote, when there was no
record of the yeas and nays, remained in their
seats when the question was decided by tollers.
I believe the very gentleman [Mr. Sage] who ac-
cepted my proposition as a part of his own reso-
lution, voted, upon the first motion for a virtual
adjournment, on the yeas and nays for a recess.
Mr. SAGE. I did, and should do the same
thing to-day. I accepted the gentleman's propo-
sition on the solicitation of friends, very reluct-
antly and against the convictions of my judg-
ment, and shall vote to-day for rescinding it.
Mr. STEPHENS. 1 believe a majority of the
members of the House, acting with that gentleman
upon tho last vote last evening, when the yeas
and nays were not recorded, sat in their seats
and permitted the recess to be taken.
Now, sir, my own opinion was, that if those
with whom I have acted in this House wanted
to organize the House, we should take the matter
into our own hands; we should hold the House;
we should occupy the ground; we should sit
here day and night, with our flag always afloat—■
that 4ag which floats from the old "seventy-
four" gun-ship, whose broadside was felt the
first day of the session. If we had adopted this
course, I believe that our opponent?, by this time,
