1688
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 21,
not be paid exceeding a certain amount. I shall
not further tax the patience of the House. I
investigated the case at the instance of Judge
Daniels, and we both came to the .conclusion that
the claim was just, and ought to be paid. In
1853, the claim was recognized to be so eminently
just that it was allowed to be reported out of its
order, and without objection put on its passage.
Mr. McMULLIN. Why did the Government
pay for these buildings ? It was expressly on
the ground that the British had destroyed them
under the belief that they were Government prop-
erty.
Mr. COBB. Government stores were in them/
Mr. McMULLIN. The buildings were de-
stroyed. It was found out that they were not
Government property, and Congress passed an
appropriation in 1853 to indemnify the parties for
the loss. In 1819 they were paid for the hemp,
rope, &c., that were destroyed. Wot satisfied
with the liberality of the Government in paying
for this property, which it was not bound in
equity, honor, or justice, to pay for, they come
here again with a new claim.
Mr. COBB. During the second Congress
after the appropriation of nineteen thousand and
odd dollars was made, the claim was renewed,
and was continued until the death of the parties.
They left behind them widows and children. The
matter was allowed to sleep until 1852. By the
action of the Government they remained in pov-
erty for thirty odd years.
Mr. McMULLIN. If my recollection serves
me, we were appealed to to pay for this property
in 1859, on the ground that it was withholding
from the widow and orphan what was rightfully
due to them. We paid for property that was
burned down by the enemy under the belief that
it belonged to the Government. We have paid
for all the materials and manufactured article and
the property, and yet they are not satisfied. Be-
cause we do not vote for this claim, the gentle-
man from Alabama takes the measure of our
souls.
Mr. COBB. I take that back.
Mr. McMULLIN. Let gentlemen revert to
the facts of the case, and say whether, in jus-
tice to their constituents, they can pass this bill,
though it is for widows and orphans ? Will gen-
tlemen squander the public money on claims with-
out justice or equity? I will not, if others do.
My vote will be against the bill.
Mr. LETCHER obtained the floor, but yielded
to—
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. Mr. Speaker, I
move that the committee rise, with a view to an
early adjournment. It is known to the House
that Mr. Curran, for many years chief of the
corps of official reporters for this House, died at
his residence in this city yesterday morning.
His funeral will take place this evening; and to
allow the reporters and his friends here to attend
it, I move that the committee rise.
Mr. COBB. Let this bill be passed before we
rise.
Mr. LETCHER. I intend to make a speech
on the bill. I yield for the motion to rise.
The question was taken; and the motion %vas
agreed to.
So the committee rose; and the Speaker having
resumed the chair, Mr. Htheridge reported that
the Committee of the Whole House had, accord-
ing to order, had the Private Calendar under con-
sideration, and particularly a bill for the relief
of West Drinkwater, and others, and had di-
rected him to report the same back without
amendment, and with a recommendation that it
do pass; and that it had also under consideration
a bill for the relief of the heirs and legal repre-
sentatives of Daniel Renner and Nathaniel H.
Heath, and had come to no resolutions thereon.
And then, on motion of Mr. Jones, of Tennes-
see, (at three o'clock, p. m.,) the House adjourned
until Monday at twelve o'clock, m.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Monday, July 21, 1856.
The House met at twelve o'clock, m. Prayer
by Rev. Dr. E. W. Sehon, of Tennessee.
1 he Journal of Saturday was read and approved.
«ndi^nhr? readi"S of tl>e Journal,
Mr. COLB, of Alabama, said; The Journal
contains some ten pages, and is but a rehearsal of
the private bills, -which were reported on Satur-
day. I propose, if there is no objection, that the
further reading of the Journal be dispensed with.
Mr. MATTESON. I object.
The Clerk proceeded with the reading, but was
interrupted by-
Mr. MATTESON, who withdrew further ob-
jection, as his only object was to give time for a
quorum to assemble.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I ask that the
Journal be read.
The Clerk then concluded the reading of the
Journal
The SPEAKER stated that the first business
in order was the call of the'States for resolutions,
and that resolutions were in order from the State
of Maine.
NEBRASKA CONTESTED-ELECTION CASE.
Mr. WATSON. I desire now to call up the
contested-election case from Nebraska.
Several members addressed Mr. Watson, re-
questing him to yield the floor.
Mr. BARKSDALE. I ask the gentleman from
Ohio to yield me the floor for a single moment
merely.
Mr. WATSON. I should be glad to do so,
but several gentlemen are applying to me to yield
the floor, and if I do yield it to one I must to
others, and I shall do nothing at all to-day.
Mr. MATTESON. I rise to a question of
order. It is, whether the gentleman can, to-day
being resolution day, call up that case at all.
The SPEAKER. The case referred to by the
gentleman from Ohio is a privileged report, re-
lating to the right of a member to his seat.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio. I ask my col-
league to allow me to introduce a resolution
changing the hour of meeting from twelve to
eleven o 'clock.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. Take up the
resolution fixing the day of adjournment first.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I am addressing my col-
league, and not the gentleman from Tennessee.
Mr. WATSON. 1 would gladly accommodate
my colleague, but if I yield the floor now I see
that the day is gone entirely.
Mr. BARKSDALE. 1 am satisfied that if the
gentleman from Ohio will hear my proposition
he will have no objection to yield me the floor.
Mr. WATSON. I have no doubt that I should
be willing to yield the floor to many members of
the House, so far as their object is concerned;
but if 1 yield the floor now I shall lose the day.
Mr. PENNINGTON. I rise to a question of
privilege. There is a motion pending to recon-
sider the vote by which a bill was referred to a
committee, and t ask the Chair whether that
motion is not first in order?
The SPEAKER. It cannot supersede the
question of privilege called up by the gentleman
from Ohio.
Mr. WASTIBURNE, of Illinois. I desire to
inquire of the Chair whether a motion to suspend
the rules would not override the proposition called
up by the gentleman from Ohio?
The SPEAKER. Itwould; but the gentleman
from Illinois cannot take the floor from the gen-
tleman from Ohio to submit such a motion.
Mr. WASHBURNE. Then I appeal to the
gentleman from Ohio, as this is the only day on
which we can move to suspend the rules, to yield
for that purpose.
Mr. HOUSTON. I object to all debate.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Ohio
declines to yield, and debate is not m order. |
Mr. WATSON. I have too many chances to t
yield the floor to accommodate any one of the '■
gentlemen.
Mr. FLORENCE. I must depart from my
usual good nature, and shall have to object to
anything: out of order.
Mr. WATSON. I want now to dispose of
the contested-election case from Nebraska; and
I ask that the resolutions reported by the com-
mittee be read.
They were read, and are as follows:
'^r'f Chapman is not entitled to a peat
m this body i>s Delegate from tho Territory of JJobrnnKu.
«,• i j J ha>' l?,fam Bennet is entitled to a seat in
thia body as nuch Delegate.
Mr. WATSON". A portion of the questions
m this case arise upori the election laws of the
Territory of Nebraska, and involve a conformity
or non-conformity with the statutory provisions
of that Territory. There is another question,
which goes to the competency and eligibility of
a portion of the voters who voted at that election.
The question which relates to conformity to the
statute involves the votes of three counties; and
that which relates to the question of the eligibility
or qualification of voters, relates to the two coun-
ties of Richardson and Pawnee. The election
itself, the contest itself, presents to my mind what
is a very singular state of facts. A body of men,
calling themselves territorial canvassers, have
seen fit to reject, and refuse to count, the votes of
one half the counties in the Territory; they have
seen fit to reject nearly one half of the voters of
the Territory. If this was in conformity to law,
then there is no remedy for it; but we ought to
hesitate long—we ought to be well convinced that
we are compelled to reach the conclusion which
they came to, before we summarily reject and
disfranchise nearly one half of the voters of that
Territory.
Now, the grounds upon which the votes of
those counties have been rejected, I will state
briefly to the House; and I will state briefly why
a majority of the Committee of Elections have
been unable to concur with those canvassers.
The vote of the county of Oteo is first rejected,
for the reason that the returning officers of the
county did not make their returns in conformity
with the statute of the Territory. There is some
degree of conflict, and some degree of repug-
nance, in the statutes of the Territory, which,
in the beginning of the consideration of this
question, we should understand. There is a
territorial act relating to elections, and an act
relating to the taking of the census and other
matters; one of which, as I learn in the history
of those acts, originated in the Council, and the
other in the House of Delegates. Those acts
passed each other in their passage from the
Council to the House, and from the House to the
Council, and each House agreed to the act passed
by the other branch of the Territorial Assembly.
Now, between them there ia some little conflict
and repugnance. By the act in relation to elec-
tions, it is made the duty of the precinct judges
at the polls of the election to canvass or count
the votes—for these two terms are used as synon-
ymous in the statute. After the votes have been
counted, the judges certify one of the poll-books,
and put upon it a certificate which is set out in
the act, and this is returned to the county register.
After it goes into that office it is an office paper,
and it remains there upon record. He calls in
the probate judge and householders. These
votes, after they get into the hands of those offi-
cers, are consolidated, and the ordinary usual
form of abstract—designating, of course, each pre-
cinct and the number of votes cast for each officer
—is made and sent to the secretary of the Terri-
tory. After all these abstracts come into his office
he calls to his aid the other territorial officers,
and here again these abstracts are canvassed or
counted—for there is no difference in the election
law, as I understand it, between a canvass and a
count. The results of this canvass or count are
communicated to the Governor, and he gives the
certificates to the State officers.
In this county of Otoe the precinct returns "were
sent up to the county register. He, instead of
retaining these returns, forwarded them to tha
office of the secretary of the Territory, and when
the territorial canvassers came to count these
votes, they rejected them as irregular. It is not
pretended that there was any fraud in the election.
It is not pretended that the voters were not legally
entitled to vote under the territorial law. "it is
not pretended that there is any objection to that
county, save and exeppt that these precinct re-
turns were forwarded to the secretary of the
Territory, instead of the abstract only being sent.
Now, I hold that this question is easy of solu-
tion. What is this abstract? Itisnotlnng more
than the certificate of these householders and
probate judge, that A IS and C D recived a
given number of votes each for certain offices.
There is no authentication about it. They have
no power to correct a single precinct return. They
have no right to revise. They attest nothing.
They simply attest their own count; and their own
count is evidence of nothing but of the fact that
certain papers aie in the officc, and that thess
