1856.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
815
still be subject to the inspection of the proper
officers upon whose authority the maps arm other
drawings have been made.
I have myself been shown this morning a large
bundle of engravings of this very Pacific railroad,
in the office of the Superintendent of Public Print-
ing, and those engravings executed under con-
tracts already made in the usual way have upon
them the certificate of the particular officer under
whose charge the drawing is executed. For in-
stance, in the department of geology the certifi-
cate of the geologist is attached to such of them
as are accepted, and his objections to such as are
not satisfactory. This being so, 1 submit to this
House why we should thus interfere with the
existing law ? Why take from the office of the
Superintendent of Public Printing a part of his
duties and assign them to, and thus enlarge the
duties of, the Secretary of War?
But, another point. This amendment, Mr.
Chairman, passed the Senate on very different
reasons from that assigned by the gentleman from
Texas. He would have us adopt it because he
insists that the superintendent is not competent
for the work. Not so in the Senate. As first
introduced there, it was in the form the gentle-
man from Texas proposes it shall take, viz: that
these engravings shall be executed under the
direction of the War Department. The mover,
however, after discussion, yielded this ground,
and modified his proposition as it now stands,
viz: that the engraving shall be done to the sat-
isfaction of the Secretary of War. In advocating
it m this form, the Senator from California, who
introduced the proposition, said:
" One would buppose that lieie was a direct effort made
to repeal an existing law. Now, that in not the question.
What do we piopo^e to doJ We piopose that these maps
shall be engiaved in accordance with the law as it now
stands, under the supervi>ion and dnection of the Superin-
tendent of Public Punting. Tlieje no changeof the law.
The oniv thing which, by human ingenuity, can be con-
verted into an attempt to evade the law, is the simple
decluianon, tlittt the work shall be done to the ssdUafdouoji
of the War Department."
Other Senators took the same view of the ques-
tion; among others the Senator from Maine,
[Mr. Fessenden,] who held this language:
" As the amendment now stands, it is entirely under the
control oi' the supenntendent to make the arrangements
and contracts pieeiscly as he would do m an)' other ca>e.
It all lemains subject to him and to the Committee on
Punting. There is simply an insertion of the same pro-
vision that was put in by common consent in the resolution
in reference to the Coast Suivcy report, namely, that the
engraving shall be done to the satisfaction of the Secietary
of War. This would be done if the provision were not
there; because it is the unitoim practice of thesupenn-
tendent to consult the authors of any work, and have their
approval of the engravings before he does them. That is
the way it stands now.5,1
With these explanations on the part of Sena-
tors that it did not change the law, nor would it
change the practice under it, the clause was
adopted by one majority, and is now before us.
I have shown that the uniform and universal rule
of the printing department gives the Secretary of
War all the control over these engravings he can
rightfully desire. I submit, then, why retain this
clause ? Why put words into this bill without
meaning ?
Mr. Chairman, the declaration of the gentle-
man, [Mr. Evans,] that a department of our Gov-
ernment, which has been in operation for several
years is a failure; that this Superintendent of
Public Printing, who is required by law to be a
printer, and who necessarily must be more or
less informed in regard to the kindred art of en-
graving; with all the force in his office, whose
daily work it is to superintend precisely such
work as this, is not competent to superintend the
engraving of these maps of the Pacific railroad,
is a remarkable statement. One of two things
must be true: either that these maps and draw-
ings are very extraordinary in their character, or
else the Superintendent of Printing is an excep-
tion to the general rule, that practice makes per-
fect m any branch of art or science.
Nothing is further from my design, Mr. Chair-
man, than to enlarge on this matter. I flatter
myself that I have shown good reasons why my
amendment should prevail, and leave the order-
ing of these engravings without needless and mis-
chievous changes. You should leave the order-
ing of these engravings precisely where the law
now vests them, and with the officer who is
charged under the law with the execution of the
order, subject to the control of the committees of
Congress. He is competent to perform the ser-
vice. To adopt this, as it came from the Senate,
or as the gentleman from Texas would have it,
does impel to the inevitable conclusion that that
department of our Government is a failure—that
it is not competent to supervise an engraving for
a railroad survey ! It tends to create confusion,
and divide responsibility. The law now makes
the superintendent responsible; and we should
hold him to strict accountability.
Mr. LANE. I beg the gentleman's pardon. I
rise to ask if he will allow me to say why I
think these engravings should be done under the
direction of the Secretary of War ?
Mr. FLAGLER. Certainly. I shall be happy
to hear the gentleman.
Mr. LANE. Mr. Chairman, the gentleman
has kindly made an inquiry, and has asked why
this work cannot, he done under the supervision
of the Superintendent of Public Printing? Now,
I will give him, in a very few words, the reason
why I think it cannot be well done under the su-
perintendence of anybody who cannot command
the proper skill, the proper ability, the proper
capacity. These surveys, Mr. Chairman, have
been made by scientific'men—by the best topo-
graphical officers, by regular and thorough engi-
neers. They have, m passing over the country,
made a profile; they have sketched the country;
they have noted by figures the elevations, the
grades, the shape of the country. Now to make
the engravings correct, so as to lay down the sur-
veys properly that you may look at the mop and
understand it, it must be done under the eye of a
man who can take that profile, and direct the en-
graver, standing by him to make ltjustas itshould
be. Otherwise, it can never be a work worth a
single dollar; and every dollar you spend, unless
the work is done in this way, might as well be
thrown away. Now I will say to my friend, and
I am sure he will bear me out, that no map has
been made in this country that comes anything
like laying down the features of the country
where these roads must pass, if they are ever
made.
Now, if this work is worth anything to the
country—if it is necessary to have correct sur-
veys of the country—if it is necessary to under-
stand correctly the topography of the country, it
must be evident to every one who will look at it
for a moment, that this engraving must be done
under the direction of officers, or of gentlemen
who understand correctly the profile of the coun-
try through which the surveys have been made.
And let me say further, that the officers now
in the service of the country, who have been en-
gaged in prosecuting these surveys, are employed
at a regular salary and can be assigned by the
Secretary of War to the duty of supervising this
engraving, without incurring one cent additional
expense to the Treasury. And when the engrav-
ing is finished the printing can be carried on
under the direction of the Superintendent of
Public Printing; you will then have maps and
engravings that will be worth something.
Mr. FLAGLER. If gentlemen have listened
to the remarks I have submitted. I am sure they
will not misunderstand the points I have endeav-
ored to present, and these points the gentleman
from Oregon does not meet. These maps are
drawn, and the question we are considering is
their transfer to copperplate engraving, for thatis
the kind of engraving proposed. It will be seen,
by reference to the statement made by the gentle-
man who had the matter in charge in the Senate,
that he does not propose, by the amendment
which passed the Senate, to interfere m any way
with the office of the Superintendent of Public
Printing. Proposals will be issued, bids will be
received, and contracts made for the engraving,
and, when executed, will pass the ordeal, not only
of the office of the Superintendentof Public Print-
ing, but also those who have drawn the maps, or
under that of any officer whom the Secretary of
War may designate.
I am, like the gentleman from Oregon, [Mr.
Lane,] desirous that these maps should be well
executed; but I contend that all the provisions
necessary for such execution is provided under
the present law, and therefore, any further provis-
ions, such as are proposed by this amendment,
are not only needless, but mischievous. If any
construction be placed upon the law beyond what
is now given, it will only ciestc a conflict of juris-
diction between the Secretary of War and the
Superintendent of Public Printing. The officers
who have drawn the maps will be expected to see
that the plates for the engravings are properly
and correctly executed, and give their certificates
to that effect.
Mr. NICHOLS. I will call the attention of
my colleague on the Committee on Printing to
the fact, that maps executed in this style [hold-
ing up a map] are not engraved at all; they are
lithographed on stone.
Mr. FLAGLER. Such as the gentleman ex-
hibits are lithographed; but I observe, by the
letter of the Secretary of War, that the maps
accompanying these reports are to be engraved
on copperplates; they are to be executed m the
most elegant and costly style. I do not complain
of that. I am willing that the work should be
executed in a style corresponding with the mag-
nificent enterprise to which they relate; but what
I insist is that there is no need of changing the
law or practice. If the construction given by
the Senate is the correct one, as I think it cer-
tainly is, the same object is effected whether the
amendment is adopted or not. I think the House
should hesitate before they continue the practice,
which has been adopted in two or three instances,
of taking from the Superintendent of Public
Printing duties which properly belong to his
office, and fixing them upon other officers of the
Government, as is now proposed by the amend-
ment of the gentleman from Texas.
Mr. PHELPS. I desire to inquire of the gen-
tleman from New York, whether the greater part
of the engraving done for both Houses of Con-
gress is not performed by engravers in other
cities than the city of Washington?
Mr. FLAGLER. Yes, sir.
Mr. PHELPS. Then I desire to inquire again
whether, when these maps are ready to be put into
the engraver's hands, it would not be better to
provide that the work shall be done in the city of
Washington, rather than to sustain the loss which
will be incurred in the process of transportation?
Mr. FLAGLER. The proposals for the work
invite bids from all parts of the Union, and the
work is executed m all the principal cities of the
Union, wherever they find men competent for its
execution; but, by the terms of the proposals
themselves, the work is to be delivered here in
this city, at the cost of those who execute it.
The plates are then placed in the hands of the Su-
perintendent of Public Printing, and the printing
is done under his direction. But we are not con-
sidering the question of printing: the simple ques-
tion that we are to determine is, whether the
officer charged by law with the duty, is com-
petent to decide upon the proposals which may
be sent in for engraving those thirty maps of the
Pacific railroad survey? The gentleman from
Texas [Mr. Evans] proposes that this duty shall
be taken from the placc where it properly belongs,
in my judgment, and imposed upon the War De-
partment. 1 do not believe m making that change;
and I give notice that, if it is made in Committee
of the Whole, I shall ask the yeas and nays upon
it when we go into the House, that we may be
instructed certainly as to what is the opinion of
the House.
Now, Mr. Chairman, thatis all I desire to say
upon this amendment. While I have the floor,
however, I beg to say a single word upon the
general question of these appropriations for print-
ing deficiencies. It has been matter of surprise
to us all to find that we had so large, not to say
so rich, a legacy left us by the Thirty-Third
Congress. They have left us reports to complete,
the printing of which will require an expenditure
of some six or seven hundred thousand dollars.
Before this statement of cost was made on this
floor, it was a matter of inquiry, on the part of the
Committee on Printing, as to what could be done
by way of curtailing this enormous expense. In
regard to Commodore Perry's report upon the
Japan expedition, the work is undoubtedly too
far advanced to interfere with its completion. All
we can do is to make the best of it, and profit
by the example it furnishes in the future.
In regard to this report on the Pacific railroad
survey, I think it has advanced already too far
to make it any object to stop short of its comple-
tion. There'is only one means that I can see in
prospect for diminishing the expense; that is, to
direct the officers who are engaged in making out
