1855.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
89
would have been completely demoralized and
disorganized. The result yesterday confirms this
opinion. The ranks of the opposite side were
routed before a six hours' session had been
reached. sI say to those who act with me here,
that I have 110 personal feeling in the matter. I do
not care personally whether they organize or not.
I can come here as many days as they can. If
the intention is to go on as we have done; if we
are to come here and sit four hours a day, and
talk, vote, and go away, I can come here as
long as any gentleman can, if my health lasts.
I do not think it is dealing fairly with the country.
Aside from that, I care not what the House does.
Mr. CAMPBELL. As I said yesterday, when
this matter was under discussion, the will of a
majority of the House is its controlling rule, and
will be; I care not how many such resolutions
the gentleman may propose, or how many the
House may adopt, the will of the majority will
governus, as was demonstrated yesterday. Now,
sir, X desire that the House shall continue in
session; and I promise to continue here as long
as the gentleman from Georgia, whether the res-
olution is rescinded or not; but I say that nothing
is to be gained by sitting here through days and
through nights, without relaxation, with a view
to starve members into a verdict. I hope, there-
fore, that the resolution will be rescinded, and
that the Clerk will then commonce calling the
roll for the election of a Speaker. 1 move the
previous question.
Mr. TODD. I call for the yeas and nays upon
the question of rescinding. I want to see who it
is that will vote for the adoption of a resolution
one day, and vote to rescind it the next.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered.
The question then was upon the motion to
rescind.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and decided in the
affirmative—yeas 112, nays 85; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Allen, Bell, Bingham, Boyce, Brooks,
Broom, Cadwaladcr, John P. Campbell, Lewis 0. Camp-
bull, Carlile, Caiutheis, Caskic, Chalice, Howell Cobb,
Coniins, Cox, Cullcn, Davidson, Denver, De Witt, Dick-
son, Dodd, Dowdcll, Dunn, Durfcc, Edmundson, Elliott,
English, Etheridge, Eustis, Evans, Faulkner, Flagler, Flor-
ence, Fostor, Henry M. Fuller. Gilbert, Goodo, Granger,
Greenwood, Augustus Hall, Robert B. Ilall. Ilarlan, J. Moi-
rison Harris, Sampson W. Harris, Thomas L. Ilarus, Har-
libou, Haven, Heib.-rt, Thomas R. Horton, Valentine B.
Ilorton, Houston, Hughston, George W. Jones, Iiidvvell,
Lake, Letchei, Lmdley, Lumpkin.. Alexander Iv. Marshall,
Humphrey Marshall, Matteson, Maxwell, MeCarty, Mc-
Muihn, McQuoen, Mcachain, Smith Miller, Mill-son, Mill-
ward, Moore, Murray, Nichols, Orr, Paine, Porter, Prmglc,
Xteadc, Iteady, Richardson, Ritchie, Rivci a, ItobiJ-on, Rutin),
Rust, Hogc, riandulgc, Pavajfe, Shoitei, Simmon*, Samuel
A Fnnth, William Smith, William II Smith. Sneud. Stan-
ton, Stewart, Stranahan, Swope, Taylor, Thufeton, Un-
derwood, Vail, Valk, Wakeman, Walbridjje, Walker, Wat-
son, Wheeler, Whitney, Wiu&iow, John V. Wnght, and
Zollicoftcr—112.
NAYS—Messrs. Aiken, Albright, Allison, Ball, Barbour,
Baiclay, Baiksdale, Heniy Bennett, Henry S. Bennett,
Benson, Billinghnrst, Bishop, Bocock, Brad.-haw, Brenton,
JBufiington, Burlmgaine, James H. Campbell, lSzra Claik,
dawson, Clmgman, Williamson R. W. Cobb, Colfax,
Cruige., Ciawi'ord, Cumback, Dam roll,.Timothy Davis, Day,
Dean, Dick, Edic, Edwards, Emrie, Thomas J. D. Fuller,
(Jallsnvay, Giddings, Grow, lloUovvay, Howard, J. Glaney
Jones, Kelly, King, Knapp, Knight, Knowlton, Knox, Loi-
ter, Maee, Marshall, Kilhan Miller, Morrill, Mott, Notion,
Andrew Oliver, Mordceai Oliver, Parker, Pearee, Peck,
Pelton, Perry, Pettit, Purviance, duitinan, Sabm, Sapp,
Scott, Sfiward, Spinner, Stephens;, Tappsui, Thoimgton,
Todd, Tiafton, Trippe, Wade, Vv'aldron, Warner, Cadwal-
adei C. Washhuine, Ellihu B. Washburno, Israel Wash-
burn, Welch, Wells, Wood, and Woodruff—S3.
So the resolution was rescinded.
Ponding the call of the roll—
Mr. STANTON, when his name was callcd,
said that, fearing difficulty in the election of a
temporary Speaker, lie should vote for rescinding
the resolution.
  CHOOSING SEATS.
Mr. Q.XJITMAN. I offer the following reso-
lution:
Resolved^ Thnt the members of this House will proceed,
at twelve o'clock, m., tins day, to chaw fur seats, under the
dneetson of the Cleik.
I IiaTe but a word to soy in reference to this
resolution. I expect for it the support of the
Democratic party of the House,not because I am
authorized to speak for them, but bccause they
nre a party of equal rights. I trust, also, that 1
shall have the support of the outsiders of the
other parties, and, if so, we shall carry the resolu-
tion.
Mr. ENGLISH. I would inquire whether the
Speaker's chair is included in the "seats"men-
tioned in the gentleman's resolution?
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. I ask the
Clerk whether that resolution is in order ?
The CLERK. The Clerk thinks it is not in
order.
Mr. ENGLISH. If the resolution is before
the House, I move that it bo laid on the table.
Mr. FLORENCE. I am a friend of equal
rights, but I doubt whether the resolution of the
gentleman from Mississippi involves that princi-
ple. I have a pretty good seat now, and am afraid
that under this equal rights resolution I might be
transferred to the outer edge.
Mr MILLWARD. Mr. Clerk, I do not think
that the resolution is exactly understood in this
part of the Hall, and 1 ask that it may be again
read.
There was no objection, and the resolution was
again read.
Mr. ENGLISH. I move that tlie resolution
be laid on the table.
Mr. McMULLIN. I would ask that the mo-
tion to lay on the table be withdrawn.
The CLERK. Debate is out of order.
Mr. McMULLIN. I rise for the purpose of
appealing to my friend from Indiana to withdraw
his motion to lay on the table, so that those of us
on the outside may have an opportunity of sav-
ing a word on the resolution. My friend ought
to reflect for a moment, that we on the outside
would like to have some chance of securing a seat
as good as the one which he occupies.
Mr. ENGLISH. I respectfully decline to
withdraw the motion to lay on the table.
Mr. aXJITMAN obtained the floor.
The CLERK. The motion is made that the
resolution be laid on the table, and debate is
therefore out of order.
Mr. SHORTER. I call for the yeas and nays
on the motion to lay on the table. [Cries of " No!
we will vote it down without them !"]
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
The question was taken, and the resolution was
laid on the table. [Cries of "Call the roll!"
" Be quick!"]
ELECTION OF SPEAKER.
The House proceeded to vote the sixty-ninth
time for Speaker, with the following result:
Whole number of votes cast, 205; necessary to
a choicc, 103; of which—
Nathaniel P. Banks rcecivcd.    300
William A. Kiehardson   68
Henry M. Fuller . ^0
Alexatidei C.M. Pennington 
James L. On  1
Benjamin F. Letter    1
Nathaniel (J. Foster  I
Richard C. Purycai    1
John M. Sandidge  1
John Williams..,  i
So there was no choicc.
The following is the vote in detail:
For Mr. Banks— Messrs. Albright, Allison, Rail, Bar-
boui, llcnry Bennett, IJcnson, IhllmghurM;, Bmdiam,
Bishop, UhsK, Brad^haw, Brenton, 1'utFuurton, Burhngamc,
James II. Campbell, Lewis I). Campbell, ChaJlee, Kzra
Clark, Clawson, Colfax, Comms, Cra^m, Cumback, Dam-
rcli, Timothy Davi«, Day, Dean, Dc Witt, Dick, Diek-on,
Dodd, Durfoe, Ed e, Edward-', Emne, Flagler, Galloway,
Guiding*, Gilbert, Granger, Grow, Robot B- Hall, ihulan,
Jlolloway, Thoma-5 R. lfortou, Valentine B. Ilorton, How-
ard, Ilujrhston, King, Knapp, Knight, Knowlton. Knox,
Leiter, Maee, Matteson, MeCarty, Meacham, Kilhan Mil-
ler, IT    " -
drew
Pnug
Simmon^ Spinner, Stanton, Stianahan, Tappan, Thoimg-
ton, Thur. ton, Todd, Tiafton, Wade, Wakeman, Wnl-
biidge, Waldron, Cadwaladcr C. Wa-dibmne, Ellihu B.
Washbumc, Lnael Washburn, Watson, Welch, Wood,
WoodiufF, and Woodworth.
JFor Mr. IhJiari^on—Aiken, Allen, Baiksdale,
Bell, Heniy Bennett, Eoeock, Boyce, Biook1-, Cadwala-
dei,Caruihei.>, Ca kic\ Chncjman, Howell Cobb, William-
son R. W. Cobb, Crai^e, Craword, T>avul*on, Denver,
Dowdcll, Edmundson, Elliott, Enyli^h, Faulkner, Florence,
Thomas J. J). Fuller. Good'-1. Gieonwood, Aucustu^ Hall,
Thonris L. Haiu^, Heibert, lion-ton, Gcoisje W. Jono, J.
Glaney Jones, Kellv, Letchei, ftnmpkin, Samuel S. Mar-
shall, Maxwell. McMullm, MeUueen, Smith Miller, Mill-
son, Mordecai Uliver, Orr, Peek, Powell, Quitman. Ruffin,
Ru^t, Fandidgo, Savage, Beward, Shorter, Samuel A.
Smith, William Smith, Stephens', Stewart. Taylor, Vail,
Warner, Watkms, Wells, Wmslow, and John V. Wright.
For Mr. Fulla—Messrs. Bioom, John P. Campbell, Coi-
lde, Bayaid Clark, Cox, Cullen, Homy Winter Davi>, Eus-
tis, Foster, J. Morrison Harris, Lake, Lmdiey, Alexander
K. Marshall, Humphrey Marshall, Millwaid, Pame, Porter,
Puryear, Reade, Ready,Rieaud, ltivcr^, William R Smith,
Sueed, Swope. I'u.ope, Undeiwcod, Valk, Walker, Wint-
ney3 and ZolheoiiCi.
Leiter, Maee, Matie-son, MCi.arty, ivieaeiiam, ivu.um jdi-
ler, Morgan, Mornil, Molt, Mun ay, Nichols, Norton, An-
drew Oliver, Parker, Peaiee, i'olton, Peny, Pettit, Pis'e,
Pnugle, Purviance, Ruehie, Rohi.^on, Sal>m, Sa^e, Sapp,
For Mr. Pennington—Messrs. Harrison, Moore, and
Seott.
For Mr. Foster—Mr. Henry M. Fuller.
For Mr. Pun/ear—Mr. Iiaven.
For Mr. San'didge—Mr. Richardson.
For Mr. Williams—Mr. Wheeler.
For Mr. Oir—Mr. Evans.
For Mr. Leiter—Mr. Dunn.
Previous to the announcement of the above
vote, Mr. Pennington stated that he had paired
off with Mr. Kennett.
The Clerk then again called the roll, and the
following was the result of the seventieth vote:
Whole number of votes cast, 211; necessary toa
choice, 106; of which—
Nathaniel P. Banlw received   ..103
William A. Richardson   67
Ilemy M. Fuller  31
Alexander C. M. Pennington  H
James L. Orr  1
Benjamin F. Leiter  I
John Williams   1
Martin J. Crawford    I
Richard 0. Puiyear  1
Nathaniel G. Foster      i
Alexander K. Mar>hall  1
So there was no choicc.'
The following is the vote in detail:
ForMr.Banhs—Messrs. Albright, Allison,Ball. Barbour,
Henry Bennett, Boneon, Billinj?hiiir.t, Bingham, Bishop,
Bliss. Bradshaw, Bienton, Buflxngton, Builnmame, James
H. Campbell, Lewis I). Campbell, Cluufee, E/.ia Claik,
Claw^on, Colfax, Coming, Cra^ni. Cumback, Damrell, Tim-
othy Davis, Day, Dean, Dc Witt, Diek, Dickon, Dodd,
Durlbe, Edie, Edwards, Einue, Flagler, Gallow.iy, Giddin^,
Gilbeit, Granger, Gtow, Robert B. ilall, Harlan, llolloway,
Tiioinas R. Iloiton, Valentine B. Ilorton, Howard, Ifugh-
ston, King, Knapp, Knight, Knowlton, Knox, Kunkel,
Loiter, Mace, Matteson, MeCarty, Meaeham, Kilhan M tiler,
Moigan, Morrill, Molt, AIunay, Nichols, Norton, Andrew
Oliver, Paiker, Pearee, Pelton, Pennington, Peiry, Pettit,
Pike, I'lin^le, Puiviance, Ritchie, Robi^on, Sabm, Sage,
Sapp, Simmons, Spnmer, Stanton, Stranalian, Tappan,
Thorinston, Thurston, Todd, Tralton, TybOn, Wade,'Wake-
11^11, Walbridge, Waldion, ('adwalader (3. Washburne,
Elliliu B. Waphlmme, Israel Washburn, Watson, Welch,
Wood, Woodruff, and Woodworth.
For Mr. Richardson —Movers. Aiken, Allen, Barksdale,
Bell, fleniy S. Bennett, Boiock, Bowie, Bovce, Brooks,
Cadwalader, Carutlurs, Caskie, Clmgman, liowell Cobb,
Willuinwiu K. W. Cobb, Craige, Crawlbid, Davidson,
Denver, Dowdell, Edmundson, Elliott, En<di>h, Faulkner,
Florence, Thomas J D. Fuller, Goode, Greenwood, Au-
gustus Hall, Sampson W. Harris, Thomtis L. Ilarus, Hei-
beit, lloiifton, Jewett, George W. Jones, J. Glaney Jones,
Kelly, Kidwell, Letchei, Lumpkin, Snrauel S. Mai.Oi.ill,
Maxwell, McMullin, McQueen, Smith Miller, M1IL011,
Mordeeai Oliver, Orr, Peck, Powell, Quitman, Ruifln,
Rust, Sandidge, Savage, Sewar<l, Siioiter, Sa.nuu'1 A.
Smith, William Smith, Stephen^, Stewaif, Taylor, Vail,
Wainer, Watkms, Well-', Window, and John V. Wnaht.
I-'or Mr. Fuller—Me^rs. Biootn, John P. Oompbell,
Cailisle, Cox, Cnllen, Ilemy Waiter Davi.-*, Ethendge,
Eu<ti>, I'^ohK't, J. Moni^on Ilams, Kennett, Lake,Lindlev,
Alexander K. MaiMiall, Himiphrey Mar>ha!l, MiUwaid,
Pame, Porter, Puryeat, Reade, Ue.uh, Ihve^, William
R. Smith, Snood, Swope, Trip]>e, Vndeiwood, Valk_
Walker, Whitney, and /ollieoll'er.
For Mr. Bennington—Messrs. liarribon, Moore, and
Scott.
For Mr. Orr—Mr Evans.
For Mr. Lei I or—Mr. Dunn.
For Mr. Williams~~7S\r. Wheeler.
For Mi. Crawford—Mr IhehanLon.
For Mr. Punjear—^l 1 Haven.
For Mr. Foster—Mr. IJenry M. Fuller.
For Mr. Marshall—Mr Bayard Claik.
Previous to the announcement of the above
vote, the following proceedings took place.
PAIRING OFF.
Mr. McMULLIN. Mr. Clork, 1 dnsivo to got
some information. Thorn are some two orthiee
gentlemen now absent. Has any gentleman on
the other side of the House paired olf with the
ffentlcman from Kentucky, [Mr. Talbott?] Ho
is absent.
Mr. MILLWARD. Mr. Clerk, as an Ameri-
can, and to preserve the honor and di^niiy of an
American Congress, I wish to make an exposure
of an attempted disgraceful arrangement for the
purj" o^e of securing a Speaker of tins House.
A few moments o£o, a gentle-man called on mo
and offered, if 1 would vote for Mr. Hanks as
candidate for the Sjjcakers chair, that I would bo
made the chairman of the Committee ou Engrav-
ing and Lithographing; and 1 take this method
to rebuke the insult, as it certainly was upon my
honor and integrity. [Great sensation, and loud
cues of "G-jvo the name!'5 ""Who was the
man '"] His name is Joiik- J. Pearce, of Penn-
sylvania; and I wish the gentleman tn disiinctly
nnderstand that ihe <lis1riet which 1 have the
honor to represent, cannot be bought or sold like
sheep in the shambles.
Mr. BANKS. No such arrangement as the
gentleman alludes to was made with my consent
or knowledge.
