imk
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 21,
been made, by the sanction of the Executive of
the United States, by the half-breed Indiana on
this reserved land?
Mr. WATSON. On this reserve ?
Mr.JEWETT.' On their reserved lands. The
question is, does the gentleman know of any sale
having been made und.er the treaty which the
gentleman has read ?
Mr. WATSON. I will answer the gentleman,
that there was a half-breed tract lying upon the
Mississippi river, in the State of Iowa, that they
did sell.
Mr. JEWETT. The gentleman does not an-
swer the question. The question was confined
to the Territory of Nebraska.
Mr. WATSON. I know of no sales having
been made in the Territory of Nebraska; nor do
X suppose that it would have been competent to
make a sale on the part of the Indians, unless em-
powered by the President of the United States to
do so. Lsuppose that the Government, until par-
tition is made, held the right of preemption to
those lands.
But admit these people to have been trespassers:
yet this was in the Territory of Nebraska. The
lands formed a part of the Territory, and there
is no act, or any part of any act, that I can find,
which excludes it from the Territory of Ne-
braska. Being there, then, these people were
inhabitants of the Territory, within the meaning
of the law; and when they became inhabitants,
all the rights and all the privileges of inhabitants
of that Territory attached to them; and, admit-
ting them to have been trespassers, they did not
forfeit their rights as inhabitants.
Suppose any one of us had owned this tract,
and had owned it by purchase or by grant from
the Government: we would have owned it in fee-
simple; and the only difference between the sup-
posed case and the other is, that our estate would
have been a little higher than that of the Indians,
and our right a little more perfect, and we could
have sold and disposed of it. If any man wont
and settled upon lands thus situated, he would
be a trespasser, and though the Indian agent or
United States marshal could not go and expel
liim, yet you, I, or the owner, could do so before
a justice of the peace, and call in the aid of the
constable, because we could resort to the sum-
mary remedy of forcible entry and detainer. In
either case lie is a trespasser, and in the one
case the minister of the law would expel him,
after judgment obtained before a secondary tri-
bunal, and in the other the officers of the United
States could expel him upon sight. But he loses
in the one case as much as in the other. If you,
for that reason, exclude from voting every man
in the Territory of Nebraska who is a tres-
passer, you will exclude a great portion of the
inhabitants of the Territory.
Mr. GREENWOOD. 1 would ask the gentle-
man from Ohio whether the authorities of the
Territory of Nebraska exercise any civil juris-
diction over that reserve?
Mr. WATSON. I will say to the gentleman
from Arkansas that I have understood, though it
does liotappear in the case, that they have. They
have granted a ferry charter. I understand that
nil similar reserves have jurisdiction exercised
over them by the States, or by the Territories, in
which they lie. The section of country where I
live is dotted all around with reserves. We have
a reserve, in behalf of the Wyandots, eighteen
by twelve miles in width. It was a reserve laid
out by express treaty with them as a nation; and
our State has always exercised jurisdiction there,
rendered judgment, sent out executions, collected
them, and punished for crimes committed by the
Wyandots themselves. There are several other
reserves resembling this—some small ones granted
to families. There is a section there granted to
a family of the name of McCulloch; there is
another granted to another family; and another
to a boy known as the Cherokee boy. There
are a number of these reservations—some larger,
and some smaller—and the State has always ex-
ercised jurisdiction over them. In respect to this
reservation m behalf of the half-breeds of Iowa,
there never was, as I am informed, any doubt
about the exercise of jurisdiction in the Territory
prior to its organization as a State; and the State
government has always exercised jurisdiction.
I do nor. see how you can exclude it. You fix the
boundaries of your Territories, and where is the
clause excluding these reservations from your
jurisdiction ? If the States or Territories do not
exercise jurisdiction, where is the power? These
occupants have no sovereignty, they are not
organized as a State or Territory; and they are
no more a sovereignty than are A E, C D, or
E F, by name. A grant of land does not neces-
sarily carry sovereignty with it. The right of
empire must lie in that Territory. There is no
place else where it can be deposited. It was in
the General Government until the territorial or-
ganization, and then it was transferred to the
territorial authorities; and unless it is deposited
there, there is no such thing as the right of sov-
ereignty m it.
Mr. STEPHENS. In the bill organizing Kan-
sas and Nebraska Territories, jurisdiction over
these Indian reservations was expressly excluded.
Mr. WATSON. Have you got the act there ?
Mr. STEPHENS. I have not. All the trea-
ties made by the Government with the Indians
were to be kept strictly in force, and nothing in
these bills gave any jurisdiction inconsistent with
the treaty, or with the rights of the Indians.
That is my recollection. As to the jurisdiction
of Ohio over the Wyandots, I know nothing of
that; but I do remember very well, that a serious
difficulty arose in my own State—Georgia—when
she attempted to extend her jurisdiction over In-
dian tribes. It was a question for the Supreme
Courtof theUnited States, and that court decided
that Georgia had no right to extend jurisdiction
over these tribes. I will here express no opinion
upon that point. Georgia did retain her jurisdic-
tion in criminal matters over these Indian tribes,
and soon afterwards they were removed.
In answer to the gentleman from Kentucky, I
will state that, as far as I can see, the territorial
authorities have abstained from all jurisdiction
over these Indian reservations. Tliey did not
even embrace them in the census returns. In the
census papers, directions were issued that the
residents on these Indian reservations were not
to he included, and some who were included
claimed their privileges, and refused to pay taxes
to the territorial authorities.
Mr. WATSON. Whether they be recognized
or not, Mr. Speaker, by the territorial authori-
ties—whether they be required to perform the
duties of good citizens or not—does not, I take
it, settle this question. It is one of plain law,
and whether the territorial officers did or did not
perform their duty, docs not affect the construc-
tion which we are to give these laws. I do not
know of any act that lias been exercised there,
with the exception of granting this ferry charter,
arid that I only have from information. I do not
profess to be well informed in regard to this, nor
do I think it touches the question, either one way
or the other. It is true, however, as I under-
stand it, that a portion of these votes were counted.
They were all counted for members, both of the
Council and of the House.
Now I will call the attention of the House to
the provision in the Kansas-Nebraska act which
the gentleman speaks of, for it forms one of the
points of the case—and was, as I learn, the
history of the case—originally the ground of ex-
clusion. It provides:
"That nothing m this act contained shall be construed
to impair the u Uts of person or property now pertaining
to the Indians m sail] Tcriilurv, so long as such rights shall
remain unextinguished hy ti eaty between the United .States
and such Indians, 01 to include any teintoiy which, by
tieaty with any Indian triii':-. i.- not, without the consent of
said tribes, to be meluded wjtlnn the teiritonal limits or
jurisdiction of the State or Tei ntory."
Mr. STEPHENS. That is the section I re-
ferred to; and there every Indian reservation is
expressly excluded, unless the consent of the In-
dian tribes shall be first given.
Mr. WATSON. I do not so understand it,
Mr. Speaker.
Mr. STEPHENS. Then read it again.
Mr. WATSON, (reading:)
—"or to include any territoiy which, by treaty with any
Indian tubes, is not, without the consent of &aid tribes, to
be meluded withm the territorial limits or jurisdiction of
the State or Terutory."
Now, this refers to one class of reservations,
and the language is too precise to be without
meaning. If there be a reservation there which,
by the provisions of the treaty, the Government
has bound itself not to include in any State or
Territory, then such reservation is excluded from
the territorial limits. What is the necessary in-
ference? That all other reservations are included.
That was the meaning of the act, and the inten-
tion of the law-making power, that every kind
of reservation should be included save this one
Then there can be nothing in this act, there
can be nothing in the act of 1834, there can be
nothing in the legal relations of the parties, either
to the community or to each other, which could
exclude these persons. They are inhabitants of
the Territory—trespassers if you please, crim-
inals if you please; abut yet, until they are con-
victed of an infamous crime which would deprive
them of the right of suffrage, they can come there
and exercise that right. A man may be there
dealing in contraband goods with the Indians.
He may be there keeping a gambling-house. He
may be violating law and good morals; but still
he has not forfeited his right to vote. He is an
inhabitant of the Territory; has been there the
time required by law, and has a right to claim his
suffrage as a part of his manhood; and no party
can exclude him from the exercise of that right
until he shall have lost it by conviction for an
infamous offense.
For these reasons, Mr. Speaker, we have
deemed it proper to count these votes; and on the
whole count there is no controversy as to who
has the majority. The count gives to the con- -
testant a majority, small, it is true, but a clear
one—an undisputed one—a majority of thirteen.
Under that state of the vote, how we could ex-
clude him from taking his seat here as rightfully
as the rest of us, I cannot tell.
adjournment of congress.
Mr. CLINGrMAN. I have risen to ask the
general consent of the House to take up the joint
resolution of the Senate fixing a day for final
adjournment. I hope there will be no objection.
If there is, I shall move a suspension of the rules.
I think it is time to take some action upon that
resolution.
Mr. SAGE. I object.
Mr. CLING-MAN. I move to suspend the
rules.
Mr. HOUSTON. I will ask the gentleman
from North Carolina if it is his intention to take
the resolution up and dispose of it in its present
shape, or to amend it by fixing some day in the
future such as the House shall sec fit to determ-
ine on?
Mr. CLING-MAN. My object is to allow the
resolution to come up, and then there will be,
I suppose, two or three propositions to fix differ-
ent days. They can all be voted on, and if none
of them are agreed on, no harm will be done.
Mr. ALLISON. The chairman of the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means I see is absent. I
think it was his intention to make some remarks
upon this resolution when it came up. I hope,
therefore, the gentleman from North Carolina
will not press his motion at this time.
Mr. CLINGMAN. If the resolution comes
up there will be an opportunity for the gentleman
from Ohio to make any proposition he may have
to make.
Mr. HOUSTON. The appropriation bills are
all special orders.
Mr. HAVEN demanded the yeas and nays
upon the motion to suspend the rules.
The yeas and nays were oidcred.
The question was taken on Mr. Clingman's
motion; and there were—yeas 107, nays 57; as
follows:
YEAS—Messr«. Aiken, Bell, Hondley S. Bennett, Bing-
ham, Bliss, Brenton, Broom, Bnffinton, Burnett, Cadwal-
ader, John P.Campbell, Carhle, Caruthers, Caskie, Chaffee,
Bayard Clarke, Ezra Clark, Chngman, Williamson It. W.
Cobb, Comins, Cox, Cragm, Ciaige, Crawford, CulJen,
Davidson, De Witt, Dickson, Pndd, Dowdell, Edwards,
Elliott, Efhendge, Floience, Foster, Giddiiu^, Goode,
Granger, Greenwood, Augustus Hall, Ilailan, Thomas L.
Harris!, Haven, Valentine B. Hoiton. Houston, Jewett,
George W. Jonqs. J. Glaricy Jones, Kelly, Kidwell, Knight,
Knox, Lake, Loiter, Letcher, Lumpkin, Alexander K.
Marshall, Maxwdl, McCarty, McMullm, McQueen, Mea-
eharn, Smith Millei, Moore,'Morgan, Mott, Murray, Nich-
ols, Norton, Andrew Oliver, Packer, Peck, Phelps, Porter,
Powell, Pimglc, Fuiycar, Quitman, Reade, Hicaud, Ritchie,
Rivera Paiffin, Savage, Sewatd, Shorter, Samuel A. Smith,
Sneed, Spinner, Stanton, Stephens. Stewart, Talbott, Tay-
lor, Todd, Trippe, Underwood, Valk, Wade, Warner,
Ellihu B. Washburne, Israel Washburn, Watkina, Wil-
liam.-, Wood,Danie! B. Wright, and John V. Wright—107.
NAYS~Messrs.Albright, Allison, Bail, Barbour, Henry
Bennett, Benson, Billuighural, Brad&haw, Lewis D.Camp
