816
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 3.
these reports to complete them as speedily, and to
abridge them as much as possible. As I under-
stand^, several parties of explorers were sent out,
and the information acquired by them is submit-
ted by them in installments to the War Depart-
ment. A large part of these reports are still un-
furnished, and it is impossible to form any idea
when they will be complete. The stream is
flowing, and none can tell when the fountain will
run dry! ^
I have drawn an amendment in the hope that
something may be done in the direction of cur-
tailment. It proposes that the Secretary of War
shall be authorized to revise the reports of ex-
plorations and surveys not yet submitted, en-
graved, or printed, and in his discretion to omit
accounts of peisonal adventures, and everything
else not necessary and proper to the determination
of the Pacific railroad. This is tlie only way
which I can conceive of to bring this work to a
close, and curtail in some degree the large ex-
penses which we are called on to make for its ex-
ecution. Large expenditures have been incurred,
and, though they are as disagreeable to me as to
other gentlemen, still we cannot escape from their
payment. We must pay for the work done by
order of the last Congress. I shall endeavor to
have the amendment I suggest attached to the Hill
at the proper time. For the present, I shall be
glad if the committee adopt the motion which I
made on yesterday—that is, to strike out that
portion of the amendment which directs that the
engraving for the Pacific railroad report shall be
done under the direction, or to the satisfaction of
the Secretary of War, so that this matter may be
left where the law and usage have left it, and
where, so far as I am informed, it has been with-
out complaint from any quarter. If any member
will point out any abuse or neglect of the Super-
intendent of Public Printing to discharge the
duties of his office in reference to engravings, then
we may consider whether we had not better apply
a remedy for the evil—not by abridging the duties
of the office, but by substituting for the incumbent,
when unfaithful, a more worthy officer. Looking
at the question in every aspect, I am of opinion
that my amendment ought to prevail.
Mr. KELSEY. Mr. Chairman, I desire to
call the attention of the committee to some mat-
ters connected with the subject of engraving—
matters which I should have set before members
on yesterday, if I had been so fortunate as to have
then obtained, the floor The position assigned
to me by the Speaker has made it my duty to
inquire into the system pursued by the House in
regard to engraving ordered to be done, the
amount ordered, and the manner in which it was
let out for execution. By reference to the pro-
ceedings of the last Congress it will be perceived
that there was appropriated, at the first session
of the last Congress, $50,000 for engraving for
this House. There was appropriated at the last
session, $70,000 for the same object; and now,
sir, we have in this deficiency bill a provision
" for completing the engraving ordered at the sec-
ond session of the Thirty-Third Congress,"
$150,000 more. There is also in this bill an ap-
propriation of $19,000for engraving maps, charts,
and other plates, accompanying the documents
ordered to be printed at the present session of the
House.
Now, sir, this House has not ordered the en-
graving of a single map this session. The ap-
propriation is based on a letter of the Clerk, in
which he estimates for a probable deficiency of
$10,000; stating at the same time that there is
now on hand an unexpended balance of $21,000.
This House has ordered the printing of some
maps; but everything ordered has been on the
idea that the engraving had been previously or-
dered by the Senate. These matters, however,
have been passed over. The committee, as I
understand, have recommended concurrence in
that amendment of the Senate, and perhaps I am
too late in calling attention to it now.
But, I desire to call the attention of members in
connection with the amendment, to the general
subject of engraving. If the system is to be con-
tinued, let it be done intelligently. Let us have
all the facts before us. The chairman of the
Committee on Printing alluded, on yesterday, to
the fact that the expense of most of the works
ordered by Congress was greatly enhanced by
reason of these engravings; and he gave the
House a statement in reference to the engravings
for Lieutenant Gilliss's report. I have been fur-
nished by Lieutenant Gilliss with a statement of
the price at which all the engraving for his work
was contracted for. That price falls far below
the amount stated by the chairman of the com-
mittee; and I make the fact public, with the sug-
gestion that it may be proper for us to institute
some inquiry into the manner in which the money -
appropriated for these engravings is expended.
The gentleman stated on yesterday, that the
engravings for Lieutenant Gilliss's report cost
$>37,049 96. Besides Lieutenant Gilliss's state-
ment, I have before me the bids made for the
engraving belonging to his book. Bids were ac-
cepted and contracts entered into to the amount
of $19,069. There is a considerable difference
between this sum and that which it is said the
engravings actually cost.
Mr. PECK. Was that §19,000 for the press-
work of the engravings, as well as for the engrav-
ing itself ?
Mr. KELSEY. It included, as I am informed
by Lieutenant Gilliss, the printing of seven thou-
sand five hundred and twenty copies from each
plate engraved. By a note appended to the state-
ment, it appears that, upon one small lot of en-
gravings, the contract price was $1,695, but that
the committee having charge of the matter made
the contractor an extra allowance of one quarter
cent on each sheet printed, because the contractor
was about to throw up his contract in order to
avoid loss, and they were entirely satisfied with
the manner in which the work had been done.
Mr. PECK. My question was, whether, in
the details which the gentleman has furnished to
the committee, he has furnished not only what
the expense of engraving plates, or lithographing
stones, has been, but what the press-work of
those engravings has cost?
Mr. KELSEY. I cannot inform the gentleman
whether it includes all the press-work or not, but
it includes the printing of seven thousand five
hundred and twenty copies from each plate.
The discrepancy between the amount for which
this engraving was contracted, and the amount
actually paid, may grow out of the fact that a
much larger number of copies was ordered.
Mr. PECK. The gentleman will notice that
by the statistics winch were furnished there were
thirteen thousand nine hundred and twenty copies
published, and of course there must have been
so many engravings struck oil" from the plates or
stones. I also ask the gentleman whether, in the
estimate which he has read to the committee, he
has included the striking oft' of the maps as well
as the engraving of the map-plates ?
Mr. KELSEY. As I am informed, this state-
ment of the expense of Lieutenant Gilliss's work
includes all the engraving done for the work, and
includes the printing of only seven thousand five
hundred and twenty copies of each plate.
Mr. PECK. Then it does not include half of
the work.
Mr. KELSEY Now, sir, in reference to the
engraving to illustrate Commodore Perry's ex-
pedition to Japan, I am informed that it was all
procured for the first volume during the recess
of Congress. 1 am also informed, by the Super-
intendent of Public Printing, that none of the
engraving for the maps of the Pacific railroad
surveys have been engraved. There may be some
small engravings to illustrate scenery, geology,
and matters of that sort; but the.engraving of
none of the maps has yet been let. Proposals have
been advertised for, but the work has not been
let. I desire that the committee should be in
possession of this fact, so that, if they desire to
put a stop to this work, as some gentlemen seem
to wish, they may know precisely upon what
ground they stand.
There is another thing connected with this
matter of engiaviug to which I desire to call the
attention of the committee. The resolution of
this House which directed these engravings to be
procured, passed late in the month of February
last year; but there was not time between that
and the adjournment of Congress to advertise the
letting of the work. The Superintendent of Public
, Printing, after Congress adjourned,and as late, I
believe, as the month of September last, adver-
tised to let all the engraving of the first volume
of the Japan exploring expedition. That action
on the part of the Superintendent was irregular.
He states that there was a necessity of having the
work done then in order to forward the work.
That was probably so; butthe rules of thisHouse
require that all this engraving shall be procured
by the Superintendent of Public Printing under
the direction of the committee which is charged
with that duty. There was no committee at that
time to direct the'Superintendent, and under the
necessity of the case he assumed the responsibil-
ity of letting contracts upon this Japan work to
the amount, as he reports to the committee, of
$32,922 14. There is probably as much more of
that work to be done, unless this House shall see
fit to arrest the publication.
I have not risen, Mr. Chairman, for the pur-
pose of endeavoring to advise the committee as
to what is the proper course to be pursued under
these circumstances, but I did rise for the purposa
of placing all the facts m my possession, and all
that 1 am aware of being in the possession of the
Committee on Engraving, fully before them, so
that they might see exactly how these matters
stand. It seems to me that there would be a
marked propriety in this House instituting some
inquiry as to how the $130,000 appropriated by
the last Congress for engraving has been ex-
pended, especially, in connection with that fact,
while here is $150,000 more asked for as a defi-
ciency.
One word now in relation to the amendment
submitted by the gentleman from Texas yester-
day. It seems to me that that amendment, though
perhaps not so intended, is an imputation upon
the Committee on Engraving, and taken in con-
nection with so many rumors which have been
floating about this House about making a " good
thing" out of certain matters, I propose to notice
it, and I propose to say to gentlemen once for all,
here and elsewhere, outside and in, that whatever
else the committee make of it they will make
mighty straight work of everything winch comes
into their hands upon this subject; and if any
gentlemen make a •' good thing5' of it, they wiil
do it because the committee cannot stop them, or
because they have strictly a legal right to do so.
I believe I have now called the attention of the
committee to all the facts I desire to present to
them, and I leave the subject to their disposal.
Mr. McMULLEN. I desire to call the atten-
tion of the gentleman from New York, and of the
committee, to one subject. He has stated to the
committee that there appears to be $150,000 asked
for as a deficit growing out of the engraving or-
dered by the last Congress. I wish to ask the
gentlemen whose duty it is to investigate the facts
in reference to this question—whether the Com-
mittee on Engraving or some other committee ?
Certainly it seems to me, from the developments
which the gentleman has made, that there is
something radically wrong somewhere, and that
the matter on^ht to be investigated.
Mr. KELSEY. I wish only to say in reply to
the gentleman from Virginia, that the Committee
on Engraving is appointed under the 104th rule of
the House; and that its duties and powers are
defined under that rule. Under it they have no
power to investigate or to inquire into as to what
was done by their predecessors. Their duties are
confined to the reporting to this House, when mat-
ters are referred to them, as to whether, in their
opinions, maps, charts, or drawings ought to be
engiaved or not. If the House order the engrav-
ing, then the committee determine the size and
manner of the execution, and to let the contracts.
There, I believe, their duty ceases. They have
nothing to do with investigating the application
of money. That part of the business goes to the
Committee on Accounts.
Mr. CADWALADER. This subject has been
discussed as if it involved the consideration of
the broad constitutional question of internal im-
provements; as if it involved particularly that
of the Pacific railroad, and involved the general
subject of book-making for the House of Repre-
sentatives. In my humble opinion, the consider-
ation of none of the three questions is properly
involved in the discussion of the proposed appro-
priation. The question is, whether the work
of the Corps of Topographical Engineers is to be
made available to the country, or is to be wholly
unproductive of useful results. Unless the re-
port of their explorations of these routes is to be
printed and published, their work will be useless.
Jt eannot be made useful, unless it shall be pi'inted
