80
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
34th Cong....1st Sess.
Sales of Public Lands in Iowa—Mr. Harlan.
[February 11,
Sexate.
ism. Although no duty ancl no propriety requires
v.s to intervene on their side, I should be very
unwilling to engage my country in a combination
against them. ^ _
I regret, also, the sad condition of the Central
American States, which seems to render them as
incapable of profiting by our intervention as the
French people were when, in 1799, they de-
manded a like interposition in fulfillment of our
precedent treaties of commerce and alliance.
Nevertheless, a war with Great Britain is now
among the possible solutions of the present em-
barrassment. We certainly can look for no mod-
eration on her part hereafter, if we overlook her
persistent refusal to fulfill this, the most solemn
and important of all our international engage-
ments. It will be an idle dream to suppose our-
selves free and safe, if we leave her to waylay us
on all sides of all our Isthmus passages from our
Atlantic region to the Pacific States.
Nor do I fear a war, having justice and high
State necessity on our side. We outnumber the
population of the British Islands. Their depend-
encies detract from, instead of lending, strength.
Although we have less realized wealth, wc have
infinitely greater resources, than those of Great
Britain; and our revenues, susceptible of large
increase, are practically free. Our recruiting
ground is ample, as Great Britain well knows, for
she has tried to enter it clandestinely. If there
were any deficiency of native volunteers, Great
Britain herself, as well as other European na-
tions, has supplied us with this element of war.
Wc have a corps of military officers unequaled,
and we have the foundations of an effective navy,
that can be speedily built up and put in motion.
In view of the circumstances, it seems to me
wise to adhere to our demands, and yet to cast on
Great Britain distinctly the responsibility of de-
ciding upon peace or war. Some would advise
us to propose arbitration; but I think we have
passed that point already. It would imply doubt
of the rightfulness of the positions oil which we
have elected to stand, as claimants out of posses-
sion. Such indecision would be equivalent to
abandonment. Besides, I do not know where we
could find an impartial umpire in the present dis-
turbed condition of Europe.
I do not think that Great Britain will choose a
resort to war. Her Government, hardly less than
our own, is a popular one. This controversy
grows out of a caprice of her own Administration.
a war would embarrass her prosperous industrial
system, and could bring to her in return no ade-
quate advantage, even if she were successful.
My counsel, therefore, is a notice to Great Britain
that we shall interfere to prevent her exercise of
dominion in Central America, if it shall not be
discontinued within one year;and also thatauthor-
ity be now given to the President to execute that
delayed purpose.
Great Britain may reconsider—may propose to
us a reference, or some other amicable adjustment.
I would be ready to hear, and to go to the very
verge of accommodation. But this disposition I
think ought not to persuade us to inactivity.
If the wisdom of Congress shall approve this
course, then the intervening time can be well and
wisely improved. No sagacious nation will ever
hazard all its foreign dominion or influence, or
the integrity of its territory, without bringing all
its power into exercise. A nation that strikes for
continental supremacy must at once render itself j
self-sustaining and independent. Before we ex- j
pose California and Oregon to the hazards a j
war with the first naval Power in the world, we I
must at least begin what has been too long de- |
layed already—the construction of railroads from j
the western borders of the Mississippi States to !
our ports on the Pacific. Although the contro- 1
versy arises on the shores of the Caribbean sea,
yet the field of contest will now, as heretofore,
lie north of the St. Lawrence. Canada cannot
be conquered against her will. She cannot refuse
if you tender her annexation on just terms, with
indemnity for the struggle she may expect with
Great Britain.
I have thus expressed my opinions with frank-
ness; but I am not tenacious of them all. I
invoke equal frankness and the broadest patriot-
ism on all sides of this Chamber, and in all parts
^of tho country. If these shall be fully exer-
'; cised, this day will inaugurate a new and import-
'< ant, and yet peaceful, triumph over the ancient
colonial policy of Europe, honorable to our-
; selves ana auspicious to all nations.
BALES OF PUBLIC LANDS IN IOWA.
REMARKS OF HON. J. HARLAN,
OP IOWA,
In Senate, February 11, 1856,
On the bill introduced by Iiim to provide that there be
granted to the State of fowa five per centum on the value
of all the Lands on wliicli military bounty land warrants
have been or may be located within her limits, estimating
them at the minimum price fixed by law at the time of
location, and to be paid from the public treasury as the
five per cent, is now paid.
Mr. HARLAN said: I move the reference of
this bill to the Committee on Public Lands; and
I desire to submit briefly the reasons on which
the final passage of the bill will be claimed.
In the "passage of an act supplemental to an
act for the admission of Iowa and Florida into the
Union, Congress granted to the State of Iowa
the sixteenth section of the public lands in every
township for school purposes, seventy-two sec-
! tions for university purposes, five sections to aid
! in the erection of public buildings, and certain
; lands in connection with salt springs inthatState,
| and lastly, " five per cent, of the proceeds of the
sale of public lands lying within said State, which
: have been, or shall be, sold by Congress, from
' and after the admission of saia State, after de-
1 ducting all the expenses incident to the same."
' But these several grants were made by Congress
1 "on condition that the Legislature of the said
: State, by virtue of the powers conferred upon it
:: by the convention which framed the constitution
'■ I of the said State, shall provide, by an ordinance,
] irrevocable without the consent of the United
I States, that the said State shall never interfere
| with the primary disposal of the soil within the
| same by the United States, nor with any regula-
tions Congress may find necessary for securing
the title in such soil to the bona fide purchasers
thereof; and that no tax shall be imposed on lands
, the property of the United States; and that in no
case shall non-resident proprietors be taxed higher
than residents; and that the bounty landsgranted,
J or hereafter to be granted, for military services
during the late war, shall, while they continue to
be held by the patentees or their heirs, remain
exempt from any tax laid by order or under the
authority of the State, whether for State, county,
township, or any other purpose, for the term of
three years from and after the date of the patents
respectively." It is to this last clause that I
i request the attention of the Senate, and especially
the members of this committee, to whom I ask a
reference of this bill. !
In the ratification of this law, which is the com- I
pact entered into between the State of Iowa and
j the Government of the United States, as a con-
.} sideration, in part, for the several grants made
1 to her, Iowa agrees not only to lose the five per
, centum to which she would have been entitled on
the value of these lands, if sold for cash, and not
entered with warrants, but also to exempt them
from taxation for three years from the date of the
patents. At that time, however, there were but
; few warrants of this class in existence, and but
■ few lands were subject to be thus located within
| her limits. In corroboration of which I will ask ,
i the attention of the Senate and of the committee
| to an act of Congress, approved July 27, 1842, j
j which provides: >
j " That iu all cases of warrants for bounty lands for mil-
i itary services in the war of 1812 with Great Britain, which
| remain unsatisfied at the date of this act, it shall be lawful
for the person in whose name such warrants shall have
issued, his heirs or legal representatives, to enter at the
proper land office in any of the States or Territories in :
winch the same may lie, the quantity of the public lands
subject to private entry to which said person shall be en-
titled in virtue of such warrant, in quarter sections : Pro-
vided, such warrants shall be located within five years from
tlic date of this act."
This law also provides that all applications for
land warrants under previous laws revived and
; extended for five years thereafter, not disposed
, of within this period of five years, shall be for-
ever barred
approved, as I before remarked,
id expired by limitation July 27,
This act was ap
July 27, 1842, and" ,
1847; the State of Iowa was admitted into the
Union December 28,1846; so that the provisions
of this law had nearly expired when Iowa was
i received into the Union as a sovereign State. On
the 27th day of July, 1847, all claims for warrants
contemplated by Iowa in acceding to this condi-
I tion of the compact, and the location of all such
j warrants within her limits, would have been for-
! ever barred. But a small quantity of land could
have been located with these warrants between
December 28,1846, and July 27, 1847. The five
| per centum on the minimum value of this and the
| taxes relinquished would have been compara-
tively small in amount; but on the 26th of June,
1848, subsequent to the date of this compact and
the date of the admission of Iowa into the Union,
Congress again revived and extended the provis-
ions of this law for the additional period of five
years; and on the 8th day of February, 1854,
these several acts were a third time revived and
extended, and are now in force, by virtue of
which, large quantities of the public lands in Iowa
have been located with land warrants for services
rendered in the war of 1812, not contemplated by
either the State of Iowa or by the Congress of
j the United States in the enactment and ratification
j of the compact now existing between the two Gov-
ernments.
J This operates injuriously on Iowa in two ways,
j First, it deprives her of the five per cent, of the
value of all public lands on which land warrants
are located under the provisions of these extend-
ing acts, which otherwise would have been pur-
chased with cash. When Iowa entered the
Union, these laws werenotin force; consequently,
the provisions beneficial to the Union, secured in
their passage, could not have been contemplated
by the convention that framed her constitution,
nor by the subsequent Legislature of Iowa in
indorsing and ratifying this agreement. But, in
the second place, it operates injuriously to Iowa
in depriving her of the privilege of levying taxes
on these lands. Under the first injurious feature,
she is deprived, perhaps, of about six and a quar-
| ter cents on each acre of land thus located with
| land warrants. But the taxes on these lands, if
not exempt under the compact for all the purposes
j named, might amount to one per cent, on their
; value. This, during the term of three years,
malting proper allowance for the increased value
of these lands that may accrue from year to year
by the improvement of the country, amounting,
probably, on an average, during the three years,
to five dollars per acre, it will be seen, will amount
, to fifteen cents per acre, surrendered by the State
i of Iowa for the benefit of the United States, on
each acre of land thus located. Then add the six
and a quarter cents which she would otherwise
; derive as part of the five per cent, on the proceeds
of the sales of the public lands, and the loss sus-
i tained will amount to about twenty-one cents on
| each acre of land located with land warrants since
July 27, 1847.
But, Mr. President, this loss to the State has
been augmented by the passage of other acts than
those then in force, since revived and extended
for a period of ten years. Those laws in force
when Iowa was admitted into the Union, which
would have terminated within a very few months
thereafter, have not only been extended by two
subsequent acts, as I have stated, but additional
warrants have been granted, by which large
quantities of public lands are located, from year
to year, in the State of Iowa, that were not con-
templated in this contract with the United States.
A general land-warrant law was approved Feb-
ruary 11, 1847, granting to certain officers and
soldiers engaged in the warwith Mexico, bounty
land warrants, as a part of their pay for the ser-
vices which they had rendered or were about to
render to the Government of the United States,
in the prosecution of that war. Under this act
provision was made:
" That each non-commissioned officer, musician, or pri-
vate, enlisted or to be enlisted in the regular Army, or regu-
larly mustered in any volunteer company, for a penod of not
lesu than twelve months, who has served or xuav ■serve durinz
the present war with Mexico, and who shall receive an
honorable discharge, or who shall have been killed, or died
of wounds received or sickness incurred in the course of
such service, or who shall have been discharged before the
6 x pi ration of his term of service, in consequence of wounds
