THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN C. RIVES, WASHINGTON, D. C.
Thirty-Fourth Cont.ress, 1st Session.
TUESDAY, APRIL 8, 1856.
New Series. .. .No. 52.
for circulation. That question has no connection
whatever with the construction of a Pacific rail-
road, or with the general subject of internal im-
provements; and it presents an exceptional case
wholly distinct from the ordinary casus of book-
making to which so much objection has been so
forcibly and so,justly urged.
We must, as far as we" have the opportunity,
explore the wilderness of our country while it is
part of the public domain. We will survey this
domain more in detail hereafter, when it is time
to open a land office, laying the lands off in
townships, and ranges, and sections, and quarter
sections in the mean time, there must be ex-
plorations on a larger scale for other purposes—
explorations of the greater water courses as
natural avenues, and explorations of the paths of
future artificial roads with a view to the develop-
ment of the undisclosed resources of the Terri-
tory. For the production of that development
nothing is so important as to determine the tracks
of the future avenues towards which the earlier
settlements are to be directed. Settlements will
be directed towards them, not in the prospect of
their future construction by the United States
through congressional legislation, butm prospcct
of their construction by the territorial settlers, or
by the future States formed within the limits of
the Territories.
As I mean to voteforthis appropriation,I desire
to make known the reasons of my vote. I concur
in all which the objectors to the appropriation
have urged against the constitutionality of the
internal-improvement system. If precisely the
same objections do not apply, there are other un-
answerable moral and political objections to this
Government making a railroad to the Pacific. I
moreover concur in condemning the abusive ex-
penditures which have been incurred in printing
books for circulation, either as matter of emolu-
ment to the favorites of Government, or as mat-
ter for the conciliation of constituents.
But, sir, I want to learn from the objcctors
whether the topographical engineer corps ought
not to be employed in exploring the wilder-
nesses of this country? No gentleman on this
floor has as yet objected to this employment of the
officers of that corps. If they ought to be thus
employed, 1 would ask whether anything is so
important as to determine the levels on which
the capacity of the country for the future con-
struction of railroads depend. In my opinion
there can be nothing of equal importance within
the range of their employment. Heretofore rivers
as natural avenues, have been the principal paths
of commerce. Hereafter artificial avenues, as we
already know from experience, are to be the
most important paths of commerce.
Let a statesman or an economist cast his eye
over the older portions of our country as now in-
tersected with networks of railroads. He will
behold that great natural avenue, the Hudson
river, flowing as heretofore, with her deep, unob-
structed channel. But he will there see a railroad
by the border of that great natural avenue, super-
ceding its use for the transportation of passen-
gers and light freight of all kinds.
Let him cast his eye along the Delaware river
and bay. There is now in course of construction,
through private subscription, a railroad, parallel
to this great natural avenue, in order to expedite
the travel along the shore. Does a gentleman
who votes on this floor for utilizing a work of
this topographical engineer corps, which indicates
the tracks of the future artificial roads through
the unsettled wilderness, pledge himself that
the Government of this country is to embark in
the prodigal and corrupting scheme of a Pacific
railroad? By no means. Why should not the
settler who goes into the wilderness know before-
hand where these future avenues of commerce
'are probably to be laid out? Should he nqt know
what are the advantages of one proposed railroad
and the disadvantages of another, in order that
he may less unadvisedly determine the location
of his intended settlement?
And now that we possess in the archives of
52
the War Department, matter of this kind, the
question is, whether, in an enlightened age, such
matter is to be allowed to remain useless, or is to
bo put in a condition to be made available to the
future settler ? This exploration is a work, as I
said before, which is to make known the wilder-
ness and its resources.
But unless the copies of the reports of the
exploration with illustrative maps are multiplied,
and placed in the hands of settlers in every part
of the country, what practical utility will result
from the explorations themselves? None what-
ever. The chairman of the Committee of Ways
and Means, with whose views on the subject of
internal improvements I do not in any one partic-
ular concur, has, nevertheless, said truthfully, that
it is better not to make the explorations than not
to publish them and render them useful. Sir, I
desire that when a constituent of mine, or of any
other gentleman on the floor, wishes to determine
the course of his emigration to the northwestern,
the southwestern, or the middle western country,
ho shall have the results of these explorations
before him, so as to determine the probable path
of that great avenue on which, more than on
anything else in the world, the future wealth of
nations is to depend. It is my belief that the inter-
vention of tile Government will not be required
in order to make tho Pacific railroad. If it could
not be made without the intervention of the Gen-
eral Government, I would, without reference to
any legal question under the Constitution, be op-
posed to such intervention, with its corrupting and
demoralizing incidents. But I believe tho inter-
vention of the General Government unnecessary.
I believe that the road is now, as one might almost
say, making itself, with a rapidity of which those
who study the subject in the closet are not at all
conscious.
I believe that within ten years from this time
the links of this road will have been so nearly
united, that a slight effort only will be required
for their connection. Believing this, I desire that
these explorations, which have been made by tho
Government, shall be put into the hands of our
people. They arc matters of interest to all of
us. If there have been abuses incident to their
publication—I know not in what they consist—
these are matters of detail which will be corrected
by those officers of Government whose duty it is
to superintend their publication.
The simple question before us, it seems to me,
is this: Shall the topographical information ob-
tained under the order of tho Government, by
means of the engineers who have been thus em-
ployed, be buiied in oblivion, or shall it be circu-
lated for the information of the country ? Inas-
much as the fruit of their labors is not now in a
condition to be made available without the pro-
posed publication, and inasmuch as the publica-
tion has already been intrusted to the department
of the Government under whose direction the
surveys were originally prosecuted — though I
fully concur in the general views of those who
object to the appropriation—I am unable to see
how those views are in any manner applicable to
the question before us. I shall therefore cheer-
fully vote for the appropriation.
Mr. STEWART. Mr. Chairman, what I de-
signed to say upon this proposition has been very
well presented by the distinguished gentleman
from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Cadwalader.] I mere-
ly rise for the purpose of protesting against this
amendment of the Senate being considered a test
question in relation to the propriety or impro-
priety of establishing the Pacific railroad. We
are now in process of passing a law. The Senate,
in adopting this amendment, have determined
that the reports that have been made of these
surveys should be printed, and that these engrav-
ings should bo executed. Well, sir, I cannot
conceive how any question can arise affecting the
Committee on Engraving of this House, or the
Superintendent of Public Printing. The Com-
mittee on Engraving is constituted under the rules
of this House, and we are now proposing to pass
a law by the combined action of the Senate and
this House. Now it would be a little anomalous,
if, in the passage of a law of this kind, it should
be deemed necessary to refer this matter to the
Committee on Engraving of this House. Who
is the Superintendent of Public Printing? Does
it follow that because we have a Superintendent
of Public Printing constituted by law, he has
necessarily the control of the engraving? It is an
entirely distinct branch; and I do not conceive
that it can be considered for one moment that
the duties of his department will be encroached
upon by an agreement to this amendment.
The question, then, in relation to this engraving,
comes up without any reference to the opinion
of members upon the Pacific railroad proposition.
So far as I am concerned, as one of the represent-
atives of the people, when we are proposing to
appropriate some thirty or forty thousand dollars
of the public money, I am for imposing tho highest
responsibility in relation to the execution of the
work proposed to be paid for. Well, these ex-
plorations have been made under the direction of
the Secretary of War; and if when these engrav-
ings come to be printed, they are executed under
the direction of the Secretary of War, we shall
have the highest responsibility. His responsi-
bility is higher than that of the Superintendent
of Public Printing. If the work is not properly
executed—if the engravings do not come up to
public expectation, the responsibility will be upon
the Administration and the Secretary of War.
Now, sir, inasmuch as these explorations havo
been made, I conceive that it would bo unwise to
refuse to publish them. I do not concur in tho
views of economy advanced by some gentlemen
who. spoke yesterday. I cannot see the philoso-
phy of that sort of economy which would under-
take, in the progress of this work, to prevent
tho engraving by withholding appropriations, and
thus deprive thecountry of necessary information.
It becomes proper, I conceive, that the engraving
should be executed, and it seems to me highly
proper that it should be executed under the direc-
tion of the Secretary of War.
In regard to the Pacific railroad, when that
question conies up, I shall be ready to consider
it and take action upon it, looking to the consti-
tutional power of the legislative branch of the
Government, and to the authority which-we can
exercise, unaffected by any action which I may
take in relation to this amendment of the Senate.
It was mainly for the purpose of putting myself
right upon that point that I rose.
It has been urged by gentlemen here—I recol-
lect it was strongly urged by the distinguished
gentleman from Virginia, [Mr. Letcher]—that
this amendment should not be adopted by the
House, because its adoption would be commit-
ting the House to the construction of a Pacific
railroad. I cannot see how it will have any such
effect. Why, sir, we are not able to judge in
reference to that work; we are not able to judge
of our constitutional power to construct it, or
upon any question connected with it, until we
have all the necessary information.
If the doctrine urged yesterday by the gentle-
man from Virginia were to prevail, it would be
impossible ever to supply ourselves with the in-
formation necessary to come to a correct conclu-
sion upon any question that might be presented.
This is a preliminary examination. It is for the
purpose of surveying and exploring this country,
and of acquiring the necessary information, that
we are now called on to act. As was suggested
by the distinguished gentleman from Pennsylva-
nia, [Mr. Cadwalader,] this information thus
acquired may be the means of enabling persons
emigrating to the great West to come to a correct
conclusion in regard to the best sort of location.
That would be legitimate. As I understand it
there are no constitutional difficulties in relation
to the surveys of the public lands. I have never
heard of anybody so strict in his construction of
the Constitution as to take the ground that we
have not the right to survey our great public do-
main* and therefore I cannot conceive how we
are to be considered as affected or prejudiced in
