1855.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
91
I want to say further for my colleague, John
Covode, that he is not here to speak for himself,
and I regret that this subject has been referred
to in his absence. A good man, and a true man,
I know him to be, and I hope my colleague will
not refer to him until he shall be upon the floor
of this House, and have an opportunity to defend
himself.
I wish to say, sir, that I have not sought col-
lision or difficulty with any of my colleagues,
and I trust and hope the gentleman from Penn-
sylvania will be guided always by that sense of
justice which will prevent him from making any
observations in reference to an absent member
of this House.
Mr. MILLWARD. I understood my colleague
[Mr. Campbell] to say a moment ago that Mr.
Covode had arrived.
Mr. CAMPBELL. Oh, no, sir.
Mr. MILLWARD. And I supposed that gen-
tleman was in the House at the time I used his
name, or I certainly should not have given it.
Alexander K. Marshall had asked the informa-
tion, and I gave it to him. I said I hoard Mr.
Covode make the remark; and it was made in
the public room of the National Hotel.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I mentioned that Messi-s.
Kunkel and Tyson had arrived; and I did not
refer to Mr. Covode. My colleague misunder-
stood me.
Mr. MILLWARD. A mere misunderstand-
ing, then, sir.
Mr. PAINE. I desire to say a word or two
to this House. I do not desire to enter into any
controversy in reference to the delegation from
Pennsylvania. The honor of the gentleman to
whom these promises were made was at stake,
and the House ought to be obliged to him. A
question was put to him by the gentleman from
Kentucky, [Mr. Alexander K. Marshall,]
whether he had ever heard of any other offers
having been made to the Pennsylvania delegation
upon the subject of the formation of the coi im.it-
tees of this llouse; and he replied by alluding to
a gentleman who is not present. I can refer to
a gentleman who is present; and that is the hon-
orable gentleman sitting there, (pointing to Mr.
Pearce.) 1 heard him say that he had assur-
ances that Mr. Banks, if clectcd, would so con-
stitute the committees of this House as to take
care of the interests of Pennsylvania; and I can
prove that fact oy gentlemen who, I dare say,
arc now in this House. The honorable gentle-
man from Ohio [Mr. Giddings] lias stated that
he would vote for no man who would not pledge
himself to carry out the resolution which had
been passed. Sir. Banks subsequently got up
and denied that he had made any pledge what-
ever. I do not implicate Mr. Banks m this mat-
ter. I got up for the purpose of saying that I
heard the gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr.
Pearce] state what 1 have already uttered—that
he had assurances that Mr. Banks would bee that
the interests of Pennsylvania would be properly
taken care of in this matter.
Mr. PEARCE. I hope they will, and I ask
the indulgence of the House 
Mr. PAlNE. Did you not say what I have
stated you said ?
Mr. PEARCE. I did, sir; and I wish to say
in what connection, and for that purpose I desire
the privilege of making an explanation. I did
make those remarks to Mr. Paine, and probably
I said to other persons that I had assurances that
Pennsylvania interests would be protected. No
such assurances, however, came from Mr. Banks;
and they had no connection with him.
Mr. BARKSDALE. I desire to ask the gen-
tleman from Pennsylvania a question. Whom
did he get his assurances from?
Mr. PEARCE. I was just going on to tell,
and I will so explain the matter as to relieve my-
self from this apparent difficulty. When I com-
menced voting for Mr. Banks, and ceased to vote
for Mr. Fuller—a gentleman whom T esteem as
highly as I do any gentleman upon this floor—
I was assured that Mr. Banks was a free-trade
man; and my colleagues assured me that he was
a man of sterling integrity and a high sense of
honor, and would organize the committees of this
House m such a manner as not to sacrifice tin*
interests of Pennsylvania. Such were my im-
pressions. and "I leceived them from my col-
leagues. What the gentleman from North
Carolina [Mr. Paine] states is true. I have re-
ceived assurances from my colleagues and others,
that if we vote for Mr. Banks, we would not run
the hazard of having the interests of Pennsylva-
nia sacrificed.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Kentucky. According
to the statement of the gentleman from Pennsyl-
vania, [Mr. Campbell,] Mr. Coyode is absent
from the House; and as there seems to be raised
a question of veracity in this matter, I shall de-
cline repeating any conversation until that gen-
tleman is present. ["Right! right!"] Ana, in
addition to that, I wish to say to the Souse that
the subject of conversation was the construction
of the Committee on Commerce to suit the in-
terests of Pennsylvania, and that conversation
was in the presence of my colleague [Mr. Alex-
ander K. Marshall] and of the gentleman from
Pennsylvania.
Mr. ENGLISH. This seems to be a pretty
family fight, as it stands; but as it is confined to
the harmonious American party, I am not dis-
posed to interfere with it. All I desire is to
record my vote for Speaker for one who is above
all suspicion; therefore, I vote for Mr. Richard-
son.
Mr. FLORENCE. When the difficulty com-
menced between my colleagues, I was about to
ask a question in relation to [Cries of <hOh,
no! no!"] It is in the nature of a personal
explanation.
Mr. STANTON. There is no question before
the House, and I call the gentleman to order.
Mr. FLORENCE. I am going to soy what T
desire, and I claim the right to do so as a priv-
ilege which belongs to me as a member of this
House. I refer to a transaction between a gen-
tleman from Kentucky [Mr. Talbott] and my-
self as to the right of a gentleman upon this floor
to vote.
Mr. Clerk, Mr. Talbott, of Kentucky, was
called home by a domestic affliction, and desired
me to make an arrangement with some gentle-
man who desired to be absent a week from this
House, with whom he might pair off. A gentle-
man from Massachusetts [Mr. Chaffee] had,
during that same day, conversed with me on the
subject, and I informed him subsequently that 1
had made this arrangement with Mr. Talbott,
of Kentucky. That gentleman, however, [Mr.
Chaffee,] had the same evening received letters
informing him that he would not be required at
home, and might remain in Washington. He
sent that note to Mr. Kelsey, of New York, who
was desirous of pairing off with some gentle-
man. I desire to know now, whether Mr. Kel-
sey has paired off with Mr. Talbott or not. T
understood yesterday that he had paired off with
Mr. Talbott. If I had not had that impres-
sion, I could have yesterday paired off Mr. Tal-
bott's vote, having had two or three opportuni-
ties of doing so. Now I do not want any cheat-
ing round the board. [Laughter.] I desire that
the absence of Mr. Talbott's vote be neutral-
ised, because he went away impressed with the
idea that an arrangement for pairing off had been
or would be effected. I only ask now, whether
Mr. Kelsey has paired off with him, or with
some other gentleman?
Mr. WAISHBXJRNE, of Illinois. How does
the gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mi. Flor-
ence] expect the House to answer that question ?
Mr. Kelsey is not here, and did not vote to-day.
Mr. FLORENCE. I understand that Mr.
Kelsey is not here. But I desire to know from
his colleagues whether they understand that he
has paired off with Mr. Talbott, or with some
other member voting as Mr. Talbott would have
done. If lie has not paired off with Mr. Tal-
bott, but with some other gentleman, then ) will
consider myself free to make arrangements for
pairing off Mr. Talbott's vote. It is due to me,
to the House, to the country, and to the interests
which I feel here as a Representative of the
people, that Mr. Talbott's vote should be paired
off.
Mr. STANTON and others. Order! Ordfr!
Mr. FLORENCE. The gentleman from Ohio |
[Mr. Stanton] need not call me to order: I will :
observe order without his interference. I am as ;
good a judge of order as he is; and I will be j
heard here m behalf of the one hundred thousand
generous people who sent me, and m behalf of j
my own rights. Gentlemen cannot cry me down, j
Mr. BRENTON. I could have given a satis-
factory reply to the gentleman from Pennsylvania
[Mr. Florence] long since, if he had not been
disposed to say so much. I beg to inform him
that in a conversation which I had with Mr.
Kelsey, he desired me to say that he paired off,
and to take notice whether the gentleman with
whom he paired off had voted. That gentleman
was Mr. Talbott, of Kentucky.
Mr. FLORENCE. All right, sir. lam very
much obliged to you. [Laughter.]
The Clerk resumed the calling of the roll.
Pending the same 
Mr. ELLIOTT said: I desire, sir, to make a
further inquiry in respect to the pairing off of
my colleague, [Mr. Talbott,] who is on a visit
home to Kentucky to see his sick wife. I under-
stood from the gentleman from Wisconsin [Mr.
Billinghurst] that Mr. Kelsey had paired off
with my colleague, [Mr. Burnett,] who is now
in Virginia, ancl not with Mr. Talbott, who is
in Kentucky. I desire to know if that is so ? [To
Mr. Billinghurst.] I desire to know whether
or not your understanding is, that Mr. Kelsey
has paired off with Mr. Burnett?
Mr. BILLINGHURST. Mr. KELSEYtold me
that he had paired off with Mr. Burnett, of Ken-
tucky. I beg, however, that the House will not
prejudge Mr. Kelsey's case, for rest assured that
Mr. Kelsey would do nothing dishonorable. I
can say here, and I presume 
Mr. BRENTON, (interrupting.) I have only
to remark that I had a long conversation with
Mr. Kelsf.y the morning before he left, when
the fact of his pairing off was spoken of, and
was the subject of discussion between us. My
impression is, that he spoke of the person with
whom he paired off as being a member from Ken-
tucky, and I think that he alluded to Mr. Tal-
bott. 1 only speak of that as being my impres-
sion. At all events, he paired off with somebody,
and is not here voting by himself or represent-
ative.
Mr. CHAFFEE. It is true, Mr. Clerk, that
during the day, on Monday, I did have some
conversation with Mr. Florence m reference to
pairing off. It is also true that I did have con-
versation with other gentlemen in reference to
pairing off. I felt a necessity upon me, whKh
was crushing- me, to leave Washington and go
home. Bat I found no gentleman willing to pan-
off with me. In the evening, however, whi-o the
mail arrived from the North, I found letters re-
lieving me from the necessity of going home.
There was no longer any pressing necessity for
my leaving Washington. At the same time, or
a short time afterwards, I received a note from
Mr. Florence, stating that lie hod paired me
off with Mr. Talbott, of Kentucky; but spy-
ing at the same time that if I had made other
arrangements, he wished me to hand over the
note to some of my colleagues who might desire
to pair off. None of my colleagues, howovei,
wished to pair off; but I knew that Mr. Kelsey,
of New York, did wish to pair off, and I thought
it might be a kindness and favor on my part
to him to send him Mr. Florence's note. 1
found a boy and sent him with the note to Mr.
Kelsey; but whether that gentleman ever received
it or not, is a matter of which I have no knowl-
edge. As for myself, however, there }>< ;n< no
necessity for me to go home, 1 did not feel bovrd
by the arrangement made by my fViend \!>\
Florence; but in order to carry out the arran'ie-
ment to the best of my ability, I sent the not'',
as I have said, to Mr. Ketaf.y.
Mr. FLORENCE. I would state m this con-
nection, Mr. Clerk, that I was impressed yester-
day with tl ii' idea, that as Mr. Kluev did not
vote, he had paned off with Mr. Talbott.
Finding our vote thinning down, however, and
not understanding the reason of that phenome-
non, [laughter,J having been impressed all day
yesterday with the idea that Mr. Talbott's vote
Lad been paired off, I desired this morning to
ascertain the fact. I had half a dozen opportu-
nities yesterday to effect an arrangement about
this vote, but did not of course avail myself of
any of them.
Mr. COX. Will the gentleman from Pennsyl-
vania allow me to interrupt him for a moment?
Mr. FLORENCE. Certainly.
Mr. COX. i desire to say that I am in pos-
session of a fact which I wish to state, m justice
