818
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 4,
any manner or shape by agreeing to the amend-
ment.
• X do not distinctly understand the amendment
of the gentleman from Texas, [Mr. Evans.]
Mr. WINSLOW. Hisamendment is to strike
out the words, "and to the satisfaction of the Sec-
retary of War," so that the entire direction of
the engraving of maps, &c., accompanying the
reports of Pacific railroad surveys and explora-
tions, would be under the direction of the Secre-
tary of War.
Mr. STEWART. Then, if that be its object,
to place this matter more completely and effect-
ually under the responsibility of the Secretary of
War, it seems to me to be a proper amendment,
according to the views which I entertain.
Mr. McMULLIN. I move that the Commit-
tee do now rise.
The motion was agreed to.
So the committee rose; and the Speaker having
resumed the chair, the Chairman reported that
the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union had had the Union generally under con-
sideration, and particularly the amendments of
the Senate to the deficiency bill, and had come to
no resolution thereon.
BILLS, RESOLUTIONS, ETC.
Mr. SNEED, by unanimous consent, in pur
suance of previous notice, introduced a bill to
liquidate the unadjusted contracts of the Tennes-
see river improvements; which was read a first
and second time, and referred to the Committee
on Commerce.
Mr. S. also offered the following resolution;
which was read and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee on Commerce inquire as
to the propuety of erecting public huildinjs m Knoxville,
Tennessee, foi the custom-house, post office, and Federal
court, m said city ; and that they report by bill 01 other-
wise.
Mr. SABIN, by unanimous consent, in pursu-
ance of previous notice, introduced a bill con-
cerning invalid pensions, and regulating the time
of their commencement; which was read a first
and second time, and referred to the Committee
on Invalid Pensions.
On motion by Mr. FLORENCE, it was
Ordered, That leave be granted for the withdrawal from
the tiles of the House of the petition and papers of Abra-
ham Martin, for the purpose ot having them referred to the
Court of Claims.
Also, that leave be granted for the withdrawal from the
files of the House of the petition and papers of Robert W.
C'ushman, for the purpose of having them referred to the
Committee on Naval Affairs.
Mr. ICENNETT, by unanimous consent, in
pursuance of previous notice, introduced a bill
for the benefit of United States troops, otherthan
mounted riflemen, at Fort Laramie, Nebraska
Territory; which was read a first and spcond
time, and referred to the Committee on Military
Affairs.
Mr. ICENNETT. I ask leave to introduce a
bill for the benefit of the Pacific Railroad Com-
pany, incorporated by the State of Missouri. A
similar bill was introduced by me sometime ago,
on leave, and referred to the Committee on Public
Lands. I desire to have this bill referred to the
select committee on the subject.
The bill was road a first and second time.
Mr. COBB, of Alabama. I think the bill ought
to go to the Committee on Public Lands, and
therefore make the motion that it have that ref-
erence.
The SPEAKER. The motion to refer to one
of the standing committees has precedence of a
motion to refer to a select committee.
Mr. KENNETT. A similar bill has been al-
ready referred to the Committee on Public Lands,
and I only introduce this one now, and ask its
reference to the select committee, in order that
that committee may have the benefit of examin-
ing it.
The question was taken on Mr. Cobb's motion;
and it was disagreed to.
The bill was then referred to the select com-
mittee on the Pacific railroad.
Mr. HAVEN. I ask the unanimous consent
of the House to take from the Speaker's table
two Senate bills, merely for the purpose of having
tliem referred.
There being no objection, Senate bills of the
following titles were taken from the Speaker's
table, severally read a first and second time, re-
ferred to the Committee of the Whole on the state
of the Union, and ordered to be printed:
An act making appropriation for deepening the
channel over the St. Clair flats, in the State of
Michigan; and
An act making appropriation for deepening the
channel over the flats of the St. Mary's river, in
the State of Michigan.
Mr. TAPPAN, by unanimous consent, and
in pursuance of previous notice, introduced a bill
directing the payment of arrearages of pension
due Simon Smith, deceased, late a pensioner of
the United States, to his heirs at law; which was
read a first and second time, and referred to the
Committee on Revolutionary Pensions.
Mr. NICHOLS, by unanimous consent, and
in pursuance of previous notice, introduced a bill
granting bounty land to Jonathan Lambert, of
Dart county, Ohio; which was read a first and
second time, and referred to the Committee on
Public Lands.
Mr. EUSTIS. I ask the unanimous consent
of the House to take ;-om the Speaker's table a
bill (S. No. 14) entitis-; " An act to remove ob-
structions to navigation at the mouth of the
Mississippi river, at the Southwest Pass and
Pass a 1'Outre," in order that it may be referred
to the appropriate committee.
No objection being made, the bill was taken
from the Speaker's table, read a first and second
time, and referred to the Committee on Com-
merce.
Mr. PELTON. I ask the unanimous consent
of the House to introduce the following resolu-
tion:
Resolved, That the Committee on Public Buildings and
Giounds be inmucted to inquire into the expediency of
purchasing the New York Crystal Palace, and removing it
to some suitable locality on the public grounds in this city,
to be here devoted to the agricultural bureau now con-
nected with tlie Patent Office, provided the purchase,
removal, and raorection can be effected for .$200,000, or
one third the original cost of the edifice.
Mr. PHELPS. I object; and 1 move that the
House do now adjourn.
Mr. MORGAN. I ask for tellers upon that
motion.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Morgan and
Phelps were appointed.
The question was taken; and the tellers re-
ported—ayes 25, noes 44; no quorum voting.
Mr. STANTON moved that there be a call of
the House.
The motion was not agreed to.
And then, on motion by Mr. PHELPS, (at
three o'clock and twenty minutes,) the House
adjourned until to-morrow, at twelve o'clock, m.
IN SENATE.
Friday, Jlpril 4, 185G.
Prayer by Rev. Daniel Waldo, Chaplain of
the House of Representatives.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS.
Mr. ALLEN presented the memorial of the
Rhode Island regiment of drafted militia, com-
manded by Lieutenant Colonel John S. Eddy, in
the -war of 1812, praying to bo placed on the same
footing as to pay and allowances as other State
troops who served in that war; which was re-
ferred to the Committee on the Militia.
Mr. BELL, of New Hampshire, presented the
memorial of Moses Carter, who was captured by
the enemy during the war of 1812, while acting
as surgeon on board a private armed vessel, and
confined in the Dartmore prison, praying for re-
muneration for infirmities consequent upon his
captivity; which was referred to the Committee
on Pensions.
Also, a petition of citizens of Portsmouth,
New Hampshire, praying for the erection of a
suitable building for a court-house, post office,
and custom-house at that place; which was re-
ferred to the Committee on Commerce.
Also, the petition of Augusta Ladd, praying
for indemnity for damage done to her property
m the city of Washington, in consequence of a
change m the grade of the streets on which it
fronts, by a surveyor acting under the authority
of the United States; which was referred to the
Committee on Claims.
Mr. DODGE presented a memorial of citizens
of Reedsburg, Wisconsin, praying for the adop-
tion of measures for the construction of a rail-
road to the Pacific; which was read and referred
to the Committee on Roads and Canals.
Mr. BRIGHT presented a resolution of the
common council of Yincennes, Indiana, in favor
of transferring by law to the common council at
Yincennes, the trusts created by the act of Con-
gress of April 20, 1818, relative to the sale of
lots in that city; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Public Lands.
Mr. SLTDELL presented resolutions of the'
Legislature of Louisiana, in favor of an appro-
priation for removing obstructions to navigation
in the Bayou Lafourche, placed there by order of
General Jackson during the invasion of Louis-
iana in 1814 and 1815; which were laid on the
table and ordered to be printed.
PAPERS WITHDRAWN.
On motion by Mr. FOOT, it was
Ordered, That the heirs of Scott Campbell have leave to
withdraw their petition and papers.
NOTICE OF A BILL.
Mr. SEWARD gave notice of his intention to
ask leave to introduce a bill, supplemental to " An
act to amend the several acts respecting copy-
right," approved February 5, 1831.
■WASHINGTON ARMORY.
Mr. YULEE. I desire to move a reconsidera-
tion of tlie vote by which the Senate yesterday
passed a joint resolution, which was reported by
the Senator from Mississippi, [Mr. Brown,] from
the Committee on the District of Columbia, to
change the location of ;.i.e District armory. As
the chairman of the committee from which the
resolution was reported is not now in his seat, I
shall not ask the Senate to act upon my motion
in his absence. I simply desire to make the
motion that it may be recorded.
The PRESIDENT. The motion will be en-
tered.
REPORT PROM A COMMITTEE.
Mr. STUART, from the Committee on Public
Lands, to whom was referred a petition of
citizens of Ohio, praying for a grant of land to
Joseph McCune, for services of his father ren-
dered in the war of 1812, reported adversely
thereon.
GEORGE p. MARSH.
Mr. FOOT. Mr. President, on the motion of
the honorable Senator from Pennsylvania, [Mr.
Brodhead,] some days ago, private bills were
made the special order for this day, after one
o'clock; but I presume that, by common consent
of the Senate, my colleague will be allowed to
proceed, when that hour shall have arrived, with
the argument which he commenced yesterday on
another and more engrossing subject. In the
meanwhile, however, I desire to call up a bill
reported some weeks ago by the Committee on
Foreign Relations, making an allowance to Mr.
George P. Marsh for diplomatic services on a
special mission to Greece, with a view at this
time to make some explanation in reference to it,
and more particularly in vindication of the ser-
vices and claims of Mr. Marsh against some
strictures and animadversions which have been
made elsewhere.
The motion was agreed to; and the bill (S. No.
143) for the relief of George P. Marsh was read
the second time, and considered as in Committee
of the Whole.
Under its provisions the Secretary of the Treas-
ury will be directed to audit and settle the ac-
counts of George P. Marsh, late Minister Resident
of the United States to the Ottoman Porte, for
additional compensation and expenses incurred
by him in the performance of special services not
pertaining to his mission, and at a point different
from that to which he was accredited, in com-
pliance with instructions from the Department of
State. In settling the account, §9,000 is to be
allowed as compensation for his special services
in the mission to Greece; and in ascertaining the
amount of his expenses the certificate of the party
shall be regarded as sufficient where no regular
voucher can be produced.
Mr. FOOT. Mr. President, the Senate will
pardon me for claiming their indulgence to a little
more fullness of statement, and to some little
more particularity of detail, in setting forth the
grounds and nature of Mr. Marsh's claim to com
