m
'PHP OCWGRESSlQIUt. GL03E-
[February
34th Cong....1st Sess.
The Central American Question—Mr. Foot.
Senate.
as " holding the world of waters in her arms, and
the islands thereof as in the hollow of her hand.
But, sir, we hold her bond not " to occupy, or
fortify, or colonize, or assume or exercise any
dominion over any part of Central America; nor
make use of any protection which she affords or
may afford, or any alliance which she has or may
have, to or with any State or people,.for the pur-
pose of occupying, fortifying, or colonizing any
part of Central America, or of assuming or exer-
cising dominion over the same." This is the
pledge of both the parties. If this language
means anything, it means not only that neither
of the parties shall ever do anv of these acts,
either directly or indirectly, either by itself or
in alliance with any other Power, out that if
either party is in possession at the time, such
possession shall be forthwith surrendered. I
am unable to conceive what more explicit, full,
and comprehensive terms of total exclusion,
present and future, from all possession and from
all occupancy, could have been selected from the
vocabulary of the English language. The nego-
tiators seem to have critically studied the most
clear and most comprehensive form of phrase-
ology to express their intent and purpose in this
particular. But you [looking at Mr. Clayton]
failed to catch them so as to hold them, after all.
The language appears to be so plain that no man
need mistake its meaning and its purport who
would not intentionally pervert it. But I pass by
all dialectics of verbal criticism.
The idea that this language of the treaty has
only a prospective reference, is another after-
thought, a mere subterfuge, which no effort at
. strained and far-fetched construction can com-
mend to the acceptance of ordinary intelligence.
If it was understood at the time that the treaty
was only to have a prospective operation, and
that it in nowise affected present existing rights
of occupancy, pray tell me, if you can, why the
British negotiator so pertinaciously insisted upon
a written declaration, that the Belize was not to
be considered as included in the treaty, when,
according to the construction now contended for
by his Government, it was utterly immaterial
whether it was included within the treaty or not,
inasmuch as whatever right of occupancy Eng-
land then had there, was a present existing right
and could not at all be affected by the operation
of the treaty, if that operation was prospective
only.
Again, Mr. President, it is a significant circum-
stance, that when the British negotiator, SirHenry
Lytton Bulwer, was so careful to demand of the
American negotiator an express declaration, at
the time of the exchange of ratifications, excepting
from the operation of the treaty the usufruct, or
anties to us, of any roads or canals crossing this
territory and connecting the Atlantic and Pacific
oceans, demands it. A free and unmolested ac-
cess, by the great highway of nations, oyer this
territory to our vast and extended possessions on
the Pacific coast, in California, and Oregon, A
Washington, demands it. More than all,
above all, our national honor demands it.
and
and
them on, the assumed fact, that its terms, under
the construction for which we contend, are not
as favorable to herself as to the other party!
I Sir, the question is, what does the treaty mean;
what does the treaty say; what rights does the
treaty guarantee; what obligations does the treaty
impose?—and not which party is more favorably
! or less favorably affected by it. However that
Sir, we can never, without dishonor, accept the [act may be, it is utterly immaterial to injure
British interpretation of this treaty. We can
never, without degradation, assent to, or acqui-
esce in, the continuance of her colonization and
occupancy of any portion of Central America. ,
The idea of yielding to her pretensions in this
regard is not to be entertained for one moment
but, admitting, if you please, that the stipula-
tions of the compact are more favorable to us than
to England, it affords no reason why England
should seek to modify the terms of the treaty, or
to evade its obligations, while it does furnish to
our Government reasons all the more cogent for
regalU 10 Iiut UC CiiLCIWUlAt-U IUI J . . • - ,1
It would be nothing more nor less than the utter adhering to its provisions, and insisting upon the
. - - . o ... , . . • .to *-v1 vlirro+iArio \A/ h11 o t hn r.nnr.es-
defeat of the very end and aim, the very object
and purpose of the treaty itself. It would be to
take away all mutuality in the compact; to give
up all the benefit and advantage that we had
gained, or that we supposed we had gained, by the
compact. It would be to place England in a better
condition, ancL ourselves in a much worse condi-
tion, thfin befoj-e the compact. It would be, in-
deed, to place England in a much stronge r position,
and ourselves in a more helpless position for de-
fense than before the compact was entered into.
It would be, in short, yielding to a dogged per-
sistence in an arrogant and unfounded pretension,
which was not even suggested or thought of at !
the time of entering into the compact. Recipro-1
cal advantages and benefits were intended by the
parties to the compact; mutual rights and privi-
leges were contemplated. The immediate and
great object and aim of the parties was to gecure >
1 to themselves, and to all other nations which
, should come into the arrangement, a communica-
tion across the American isthmus, under their
, joint and perpetual protection, for the benefit of
the commerical world; and to this end, mutual
I obligations were assumed, and mutual rights and
| mutual claims were surrendered. Now, sir, I
trust that we, as a Government, will herein 1
; promptly and cheerfully discharge all the abliga- j
tions we have assumed; at the same time, I doubt
not that we shall quite as promptly, and quite as
cheerfully assert and maintain all the rights we
have secured. While we concede to Great Britain
, the full enjoyment of all the rights she has se-
cured under this compact, we must, at the same
observance of its obligations. While the conces-
sion must be a humiliating one to England, it is
indeed a proud one to American diplomacy.
Again, Mr. President,Lord Clarendon attempts
to bring to the aid of the British construction of
the treaty an obiter dictum of Mr. Webster. I11
one of the letters of Lord Clarendon to Mr.
Buchanan, he says:
" Within little more than a month after tlie treaty of
1850 had been ratified, her Majesty's Minister at Washing-
ton entered into further negotiations with the Government
of the United States relative to the position of Mosquito,
interpreting the treaty as her Majesty's Government now
interprets it. That there was nothing extraordinary, unnat-
ural. or unfair in the interpretation that is given to tho
treaty by her Majesty's Government, is equally evident from
the fact that such interpretation was at once accepted by
the Secretary of State, .Mr. Webster."
Now, sir, let us, for a moment, look at the real
character of this evidence as to the opinion of' Mr.
Webster on the construction of the treaty. Lord
Clarendon says, that Sir Henry Bulwer says, that
Mr. Webster said, on a certain occasion, in reply
to what he (Sir Henry Bulwer) had said of the
interpretation of the treaty, thathe (Mr. Webster)
accepted such interpretation. -A more remote,
round-about, far-fetched, uncertain, unreliable
sort of second-handed or third-lianded hearsay
testimony can hardly be conceived—admissible
nowhere before any tribunal where truth is to be
elicited.
In the first place, how do we know that the
British Minister fully explained to Mr. Webster
his views of the interpretation of the treaty, and
that he then claimed for it th6 same' identical in-
terpretation that is now claimed by his Govera-
the right of the British Government to retain the upon this occasion for the enlightened Govern-
privilege which she had obtained first from Spain, ' ment of Great Britain—a Government which
time, insist upon the full discharge of all her ob- ji ment? We know nothing at all about it, only
ligations. ' that Lord Clarendon says, that Sir Henry Bulwer
Before proceeding further, Mr. President, with j says that, in the presence of Mr. Webster, he
the discussion, in this direction, I will beg the ! gave to the treaty the same interpretation which
indulgence of the Senate, for a few moments, ! her Majesty's Government now gives to it. This,
while I refer to one or two other points in the as second-handed hearsay testimony, is not ad-
argument, or rather^ in the special pleading of 1 missible. Besides, every reasonable presumption
""  " ' t it; and well-known and well-estab-
Lord Clarendon. That noble lord, who speaks
and afterwards from Mexico, to cut logwood and
other dye-woods in British Honduras, he was
altogether silent as to any exception whatever
from the sweeping language of th(j treaty, in ,
.regard to any other of these possessions. Expressio \
mitus est excliutio alterius, applies with significant
force in this case. _ The very fact of his requiring
this single exception carries with it a two-fola
admission—first, that it was understood and in.
would feign to hold itself above the reproach of
resorting to subtilties and subterfuges upon a
question of construction—which would feign to
scorn the imputation of having been overreached
or outwitted in a diplomatic encounter—gravely
asserts, as a substantive objection to the Ameri-
can construction of the treaty, that it gives it a
one-sided character—a "unilateral" character is
his expression. In other words, he means tosay
+      i." 1 */1
is against
lished facts are against it. The occasion did not
call for an exposition of the views of the British
Minister on the construction of the treaty; and
if it did, I venture to affirm, in the face of this
statement, that the British Minister never asserted
the claim in the presence and hearing of Daniel
Webster, that the treaty Was only prospective in
its operation, and had no effect upon existing
rights of occupancy and possession. Such a claim
has never been set up until within a very recent
date, and was never heard of by the public until
4 1 1 * +1 '1' 1 , . -----    ( - i  —    V wwjf UCTC1 1ICCL1U U1 Uy UMJ kltlL>iiC UJHil
tenaeu, that the treaty should have a present as that, upon our construction and understanding of , made known by the recent annual message of the
WP a.Q a nrnnnophva nnAmtiAM. ~ *-1 +1, _ !«.  J   ^ 1. ... n. .1 . ! -1-* f _ _ _ .0
well as a prospective operation; and, second, tha,t
all these other possessions were understood and
intended to be embraced within its operation. I
Now, sir, under these circumstances, and with
this understanding, the British negotiator signed
the bond, and thenceforth committed his Govern-
ment, upon the exchange of ratifications, to an
immediate renunciation of all these possession^.
And this is precisfly what we demand of her to-
day . We hold up before her own eyes, and before
the eyes of the world, her solemn covenant en-
gagement, and demand of her, according to its
letter and according to its spirit, the immediate
and unconditional surrender of all her actual pos-
sessions in Central America. Less than this the
Government of the United States cannot demand.
Just this, and all of this, she does demand, and
will insist upon. Just this much, and no less
than this much, the plain and unmistakable terms
of the treaty demand. Our own intimate and
vital national interests demand it. The free and
undisturbed enjoyment which this treaty guar-
the treaty, it affords greater benefits to us than to ' President of the United States. Lord Clarendon
them; that the British Government have been '! is certainly in error; Sir Henry Bulwer is eer-
overreached in the bargain, and that the United , tainly in still greater error. Mr. Webster surely
States have gained the advantage; that by our : could never have understood that the British
construction she surrenders more and gains less Minister then gave the same interpretation to the
than the American Government. However this
fact may be, I ask, sir, is it to be received and
applied as a rule of construction? Is this to be
received as an argument to be weighed against
the clear and explicit terms of the instrument
itself? Is it to be received as a justification or
even an extenuation for the violation of the com-
pact? No, sir, never. The argument— if, indeed,
it may be called an argument—is altogether un-
, worthy of its origin—unworthy of the occasion
and of the subject.
With how much surprise, need I ask, must we
regard the conduct of a haughty and imperious
| nation like England, in urging so sinister and
degrading a consideration, as that the plain pro-
visions ot a solemn compact may be at all affected
by, or that she may be allowed to back out of
treaty that her Majesty's Government now gives
to it, and to the full extent now claimed.
Again, sir, suppose that Mr. Webster did so
understand the views of the British Minister,
(which is altogether improbable, and which I
will say is altogether impossible,) how do we
know that lie accepted such interpretation? We
know nothing about it, only that Lord Clarendon
tells us that Sir Henry Bulwer says that he did
accept such interpretation; though in broad and
general terms. This, again, is second-handed
hearsay testimony, which is not admissible.
Besides that, he does not pretend to give us the
language of Mr. Webster to Sir Henry Bulwer,
nor the language of Sir Henry Bulwer to Mr
Webster, on that occasion.
Mr. CLAYTON. Mr. Webster was one of
