1856.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1693
Stanton, Stewart, Taibott, Tappan, Taylor, Thurston,
Todd, Tiippe, Wade, Wakuman, Warner, E[[ihu B. Wash-
burne, Israel Washburn, Walking, Williams, John V.
Wnght, and ZollieofFer—105.
So the House refused to lay the whole subject
on the table.
The question recurred on seconding the call for
the previous question, on which tellers had been
ordered.
The tellers resumed their places.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio. I appeal to the
gentleman from Tennessee to withdraw the call
for the previous question, in order that I may
submit an amendment to the resolution.
Mr. SMITH. The House is dividing.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I desire to have the de-
mand for the previous question recalled, so that
I may submit an amendment.
Mr. SMITH declined to withdraw the call.
Mr. CAMPBELL. It is impossible for us to
finish the business of the country in the time
specified.
The House divided; and the tellers reported—
ayes G7, noes 80.
So the previous question was not seconded.
Pending the announcement of the vote,
Mr. McMULLIN. I desire to know whether,
if the House adjourn now, this subject will come
up to-morrow ?
The vote was here announced as above.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio, addressed the
Chair.
The SPEAKER, (to Mr. McMcixw.) The
House having negatived the call for the previous
question, the resolution is left before the House;
and the Chair is of opinion that, inasmuch as the
House has suspended its rules for the purpose of
considering the resolution at this time, it will, if
the House adjourn now, be the first matter in
order at the session to-morrow.
Mr. McMULLIN. So I suppose, and there-
fore I move that the House do now adjourn.
Mr. CAMPBELL. 1 submit that the gentle-
man from Virginia [Mr. McMcllin] rose before
the Chair stated the vote, and that consequently,
the floor having been assigned to me, he cannot
take it and move to adjourn.
The SPEAKER. The Chair is of opinion
that the gentleman from Virginia is not entitled
to the floor for the purpose of moving an adjourn-
ment. The gentleman addressed the Chair be-
fore the vote was announced, making an inquiry,
which has been replied to; but the gentleman
from Ohio had been previously recognized.
Mr. CAMPBELL. 1 move to amend the reso-
lution by striking out " the 11th day of August,"
and insetting " Tuesday, the 2d of September "
I desire to state, in a very few words, my reasons
for submitting this amendment; and I wish to
call the attention of the House and of the country
to the condition of the business which is now be-
fore the body, and to the circumstances by which
this House has been surrounded from the 3d of
December. Two and a half months of the time
were thrown away in the organization of the
House. The regular appropriation bills have
been reported by the Committee of Ways and
Ivleans, and special orders have been made lor
them for nearly four months. But few of them
have been acted upon for the reason that ques-
tions of privilege have arisen, which have con-
sumed the time of the House.
Why, sir, we have not yet determined who are
members of this body; and, nevertheless, two
thirds have voted to adjourn, and go home with-
out doing the business of their constituents, and
without being able to tell them who are the reg-
ularly-elected members. Wow I am unwilling to
go to my constituents with a tale of that kind.
Some important improvement bills have been
passed, interesting to particular sections of the
country, and all the other sections of the country
have been entirely neglected. I know there are
gentlemen here who have charge of very import-
ant bills for works of internal iinpiovement ren-
dered necessary by the interests of commerce, and
who have been unable to have them considered
at all, for the reason that these higher questions
of privilege have overridden all other classes of
business. I hold that it is unjust to other sec-
tions of the country if, after having passed these
bills, gentlemen shall not have an opportunity of
bringing these questions before the body tor con-
sideration.
Gentlemen tell us that their elections are coming
on, and that therefore we should adjourn. Sir,
let the elections take care of themselves at home.
I call on the members of the House of Represent-
atives to stand up faithfully and industriously
in the discharge of the duties which have been
assigned to them until the 4th of next March.
We have no appropriation bills before the Senate.
Many of the important bills are unacted upon in
the Committee of the Whole in this House. The
privileged questions involved in this contested-
election case will, I am informed by the chairman
of the Committee of Elections, take up most of
the time of this week, and part of the next week,
if not all. On Fridays and Saturdays you have
provided, by a resolution which you cannot over-
come without a two thirds vote on Monday, that
the business of the Court of Claims shall be at-
tended to. The days assigned to the Committee
of Ways and Means, under the resolution making
a special order, are Tuesdays, Wednesdays, and
Thursdays; and looking forward with the inform-
ation I have, I cannot see that that committee
will have a day for the consideration of their
business prior to the 11th of August. And if this
House takes the responsibility of forcing an ad-
journment on that day, let the responsibility rest
on the House, and not on the Committee of Ways
and Means, who, in the discharge of the duties
incumbent on them, have long since reported the
appropriation bills to this House. I shake off the
responsibility of any such adjournment, and I
throw it upon the House.
I do not believe that it is possible to do the or-
dinary business of the session which is pressing
upon us, and which the necessities of the public
require should be transacted, before the 2d of Sep-
tember. I call for the previous question.
Mr. HAVEN obtained the floor.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I demand the previous
question.
The SPEAKER. The Chair did not under-
stand the gentleman from Ohio to demand the
previous question until the floor had been assigned
to the gentleman from New York.
Mr. CAMPBELL. T certainly moved the pre-
vious question before taking my seat. That was
my intention.
Mr. DUNK. I rise to a point of order. The
House cannot judge of what was the intention of
the gentleman from Ohio. The fact was that the
gentleman front Ohio took his seat, and the floor
was assigned to the gentleman from New York,
after which the gentleman from Ohio demanded
the previous question.
Mr. CAMPBELL. Then it involves a ques-
tion of veracity between the gentleman from In-
diana and myself. I state to the gentleman and
to the House that I did call the previous question
before taking my seat.
Several Members. You did.
Mr. DCJNN. I insist upon my question of
order. As I understand it, the gentleman from
Ohio did not call the previous question until after
the floor had been assigned to the gentleman from
New York.
[Cries all over the Hall of " Yes, he did."]
The SPEAKER. The Chair will state that
the gentleman from Ohio took his seat, and that
the floor was assigned to the gentleman from
New York. The Chair did not understand the
gentleman from Ohio to call for the previous
question until the gentleman from New York had
possession of the floor. If, however, the gentle-
man from Ohio states that he called the previous
question while lie held possession of the floor,
the Chair will state the question.
Mr. CAMPBELL. 1 certainly did call the
previous question while I held possession of the
floor; but 1 will withdraw the call in favor of my
friend from Indiana, if he will renew it.
Mr. DUNN. The floor was assigned to the
gentleman from New York. It is in his favor
that I made my point of order.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will, under the
circumstances, consider the floor to be in posses-
sion of the gentleman from New York, if the call
for the previous question is withdrawn.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. Is it in the power
of a member to withdraw the call for the previous
question, and then yield the floor to any partie-
j ular member r
1 The SPEAKER. It is not.. If the gentleman
I from Ohio withdraws the call for the previous
question, and yields the floor, he yields it alto-
gether. The gentleman from New York has not
stated for what purpose he rises.
Mr. SMITH. 1 understood the gentleman to
assign the floor to the gentleman from Indiana.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman could not so
assign the floor.
Mr. McMULLIN. It is very obvious to ray
mind that we cannot dispose of this matter this
evening. I move, therefore, that the House
adjourn.
Mr. HAVEN. I should like very much to
know how my friend from Virginia obtained the
floor to make that motion.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Vir-
ginia has not the floor for the purpose of making
any motion. The Chair desires to know if the
gentleman from Ohio withdraws the call for the
previous quesfion?
Mr. CAMPBELL. Yes, sir, I will withdraw
the call.
Mr. HAVEN. I desire to state, in the first
instance, before saying anything upon the reso-
lution before us, that when the gentleman from
Ohio had closed his remarks, I addressed the
Chair. The Chair recognized me, saying, " The
gentleman from New York." The gentleman
from Ohio then rose, and demanded the previous
question.
The SPEAKER. The Chair begs leave to
state to the House that the gentleman from New
York has stated the facts correctly, unless the
gentleman from Ohio twice demanded the previous
question.
Several Members. He did demand it twice.
Mr. HAVEN. I merely wish to say that, if
the previous question is considered as pending
before the House, of course I can say nothing.
1-wished to debate the resolution of the Senate.
Mr. CAMPBELL. Well, Mr. Speaker, I
withdraw the demand for the previous question
unconditionally.
Mr. McMULLIN. I object to its withdrawal.
The SPEAKER. It is'not the right of the
gentleman from Virginia to object. The gentle-
man from Ohio has the right to withdraw the call
for the previous question.
Mr. McMULLIN. Well, sir, as the Chair
has settled the rights of other gentlemen, 1 should
like to have my rights attended to.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Vir-
ginia will state for what purpose he rises.
Mr. McMULLIN. I rise for the purpose of
saying that, some minutes since, I propounded
the question to the Chair, whether this matter in
its present condition would come up as the un-
finished business in the morning. The Chair
responded in the affirmative. I then moved that
the House adjourn; and the Chair thereupon
assigned the floor to the gentleman from New
York. I wish to know how I was disfranchised,
and the floor assigned to another gentleman ?
The SPEAKER.. The gentleman from Vir-
ginia rose, while a question was being put to the
House, after the affirmative and negative had
voted, but before the Chair had announced the
, vote, and propounded the question he has stated,
j to which the Chair responded. The gentleman
I from Virginia then moved that the House adjourn,
! which motion was not in order, the prior vote
1 not having been announced.
I Mr. ALLISON. I ask the consent of the gen-
tleman from New York to enable me to offer au
amendment to strike out the 2d of September, and
to insert the 26th of August.
Mr. HAVEN. I am in favor of the resolu-,
tion as it came from the Senate, which provides
that we shall adjourn on the 11th of August. I
am not particular whether a few days before or a
few days after that day is fixed upon, but I am
op nosed to spinning out and extending this session
into the month of September. I concede the su-
! perior knowledge of my friend, the chairman of
j the Committee of Ways and Means, as to the
business of the House, although I have studied
; it very carefully, and endeavored faithfully to
i keep up with its history during the time we have
1 been engaged m the business of the session,
j It is true, as my friend from Ohio has said, that
I the appropriation bills necessary to be passed
I have been the special order of the House for
j some three or four months past: he said four
' months, butl think that, is too long. Yet he ap-
. peals to us to give bun more time to put those
