1856.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
S19
penfiation for extra scrviccs rendered and ex-
penses incurred on a special mission to Greece,
than is ordinarily bestowed on claims of this
character, and especially on one of so clear and
undoubted right.
This is called for, not so much for the inform-
ation of the Senate, or for the purpose of secur-
ing a favorable action here, as from the consider-
ation that this claim was lost in the House of
Representatives at the closing hours of the last
session, upon statements publicly made on that
floor—though doubtless under a misapprehension
of the facts—yet totally at variance with the true
history of the case.
It was publicly asserted on the iloor of that
House—it has been industriously and confidently
circulated about the lobbies of these Halls—
and it has even been proclaimed through a por-
tion of the public press, that Mr. Marsh's mission
to Greece was little else than a mere excursion of
pleasure; that he devoted but some two or three
weeks at Athens to the immediate objects of the
mission; that those objects were of comparatively
trifling consideration, and cost him but a small
amount of time and labor in their examination;
and that for this he has been abundantly compen-
sated; and, finally, that so far from having ac-
complished the purpose of his mission, it proved
a failure.
It has moreover been asserted—though having
no bearing on the justice of Mr. Marsh's claim
for extra services rendered in pursuance of the
orders of his Government—that the person whose
case was the subject of investigation, was a mere
adventurer and speculator; an alien from his
native country, and having no claim to its protec-
tion.
To all and singular of these statements or
declarations, coming from whatever quarter they
may, asserted on whatever authority or respons-
ibility they may be, I oppose a direct and posi-
tive denial of their truth. I do not profess to
know, I do not care to seek out, the origin of
these confident and reiterated statements; but it
is my business and purpose just now to show
that they are all without any foundation whatever
in reality. This will be most effectually done by
a simple recital of the facts of the case.
JN'o public service and no public servant have
been more unjustly and wickedly assailed and
misrepresented than have been Mr. Marsh and
his mission to Greece. The value and the im-
portance of that mission; the character of the
services and claims of Mr. Marsh; his energy,
prudence, and learning, as displayed in that nego-
tiation; his judgment and fidelity, and his ultimate
success are most clearly and triumphantly vindi-
cated, and will be best appreciated by a simple
historical narration of the circumstanccs con-
nected with this Greek mission, as derived, not
'from the suggestions of sinister motives or of
malignant passion; not as derived from the lying
tongue of rumor, but as derived from the incon-
testable records of your own public archives; from
his instructions from the State Department; from
his own reports upon the subjects which he was
directed to investigate; and from his correspond-
ence with the Greek Ministry and with the Amer-
ican Secretary of State.
Herein is to be found not only his full and
complete vindication, but herein also is to be
found the utter refutation of all the misrepresenta-
tions which have been so industriously circulated
against Mr. Marsh and his mission. I propose
to present a brief synopsis of the case as drawn
from official records; and it is proper that I should
state here that Mr. Marsh himself, at my request,
furnished me with references to the various offi-
cial papers from which this statement is made up.
By special instructions bearing date the 29th
of April, 1852, the Department of State directed
Mr. Marsh, then Minister resident at the Otto-
man Porte, to proceed to Athens, in Greecc, on
board a vessel of the Mediterranean squadron, for
the purpose of investigating certain complaints
which had been preferred by the Rev. Dr. Jonas
King, an American citizen resident in Greece,
against the Government and the judicial tribunals
of that country, and to make report thereon. And
he was further directed, " after transmitting his
report, to remain at Athens or in its neighborhood
till he heard from the Department;" and he was
also informed that " the INavy Departmentwould
be requested to keep one or more vessels of the
Mediterranean squadron in the neighborhood of
Athens, and subject to his orders." Those in-
structions state that Dr. King was first sent by
the American Board of Foreign Missions as a mis-
sionary to Palestine, about the year 1823, where
he remained some four years and then returned
to this country. He subsequently went to Greece,
not in connection with the board, but as one of
the Philhellenic agents, to unite in relieving the
Greeks from famine and distress, consequent upon
their war of independence. In the year 1829 he
was married in Tenos to a respectable Greek lady
from Smyrna. His connection with the American
board was renewed in the following year, and
has continued to the present time; and I will add,
that he is recognized throughout the Christian
world as among the most able, and learned, and
useful of all that band of devoted men who have
been sent abroad under the patronage of that
board.
In pursuance of his instructions, Mr. Marsh
embarked for Athens in the steam frigate San
Jacinto, as soon as the vessel was ready to receive
him, and arrived at that city on the first day of
August, 1852, and immediately engaged in the
investigations committed to him; and after several
weeks spent therein, he arrived at general conclu-
sions, and began writing out his reports. The San
Jacinto, which conveyed him to Athens, having
had one of her engines disabled by the breaking
of a crank, her commander represented to Mr.
Marsh that it was very important that the frigate
should proceed to Trieste for repair, and that
the health of the crew would be endangered by
remaining at Athens during the sickly season.
Mr. Marsh did not think he should be justified in
requesting the detention of the ship under such
circumstances, and he accordingly consented to
the departure of the San Jacinto, went to Trieste
on board of her, retired to a small town a few
hours drive from Trieste, and there completed his
reports. His instructions from Mr. Webster
charged him with the investigation of two ques-
tions; the one relating to a claim of Dr. King for
pecuniary damages for the obstruction by the
Greek Government of his rights to certain real
estate at Athens; the other, to the legality and
i'ustice of a criminal conviction and sentence of
)r. King.
In the first place, in reference to the claim for
pecuniary damage, it will be observed, that in
1830, while Athens was still in possession of the
Turks, Dr. King:purchased a small tract of land,
about two acres in quantity, on the borders of
that city, and entered into possession of it. In
1834, Athens was made the seat of the Greek
Government, and the building of a new town was
commenced. Various plans were successively
adopted and abandoned by royal authority, and
by some of them, a part of Dr. King's land was
to be taken for a public square; but the square, or
common, was never in fact laid open or surveyed
for that purpose.
By two royal ordinances, the last of which was
dated in 1838, the whole of this tract of land was
ordered to be taken as the site of a great national
monumental church; but the church was never
built. At various times, from 1835 to 1850, Dr.
King attempted to build on his land, but was
always prevented by the police. He repeatedly
asked for compensation, but the Government re-
fused it on the ground that the land was to be
taken for a-public square; and that the municipality
of Athens ought to pay for it. The municipality
refused payment on the ground that it was to be
taken for a national church; and therefore, that
the nation was liable and ought to pay for it.
In respect to Dr. King's land claim, Mr. Web-
ster, in his letter of instructions, remarks:
<c Dr. Kmc was among the first to commence a residence
in Athens alter its abandonment by the Turks, and that has
continued to be his place of abode.
" While the city of Athens was in a state of ruin by the
wars of the Greek revolution, Dr. King, with the consent,
and by invitation of the Greek authorities, and in common
with many citizens of other countries, became the purchaser
of a piece of ground, at that time little prized either by
Turks or Greeks. In process of tune, and especially since
the capital of Gieece has been permanently fixed there, the
growth of the city towards the ground in question has occa-
sioned it to become a most desirable part of the city of
Athens.
u Sixteen years ago Dr. Kmg commenced collecting ma-
terials for the puipo&e of buildmg upon his ground, but was
prevented from doing so by the plans of the city, sanctioned
by the Government of Greece. The ground has remained
nearly in the same state as it was; neither can it be soid,
divided, or alienated for the benefit- of the owner? and no
person, under existing circumstances, can, or is allowed to
purchase, so Jong as the incumbrance-of '-non tisus1 is laid
upon it by the Government of Greece. Neither has the
Government, during that length oftirne, sought or made any
use of it, nor has the rightful owner been suffered to do with
it as to him seemed right and proper. ,
" The lot in question contains about severity-two thou-
sand square feet, situated on a beautiful elevation, com-
manding a view of Mars' Hill and the Acropolis, and some
of the principal antiquities of Athens, the Pir&us and Gulf
of Salarnis, on the south and southwest;. Mount Parnassus,
and the Plain of Athens, on the west and north; and Lyca-
mettus and Hymettus on the east.
" The value of the land is believed to be about $100,000,
Dr. King, both personally and through the aid of the United
States consul, has endeavored to come to some understand-
ing with the Greek Government on the subject, but without
success. . ,
"The twelfth article of the constitution of Greece de-
clares that1 no man shall be deprived of his property .except
for public necessity, suitably shown, when, and as the Jaw
directs; but under all circumstances the indemnification
must be paid beforehand.' Notwithstanding thjs positive
declaration of the Greek constitution, Dr. Kinghas received
no indemnification, as the Department is informed, from the
Greek Government."
In 1850, the American consul entered into a
correspondence with the Greek Government on
the subject, but the Government refused to ac-
knowledge its liability, when, in 1852, Mr. Marsh
was sent to Athens to examine and report upon
the case. In 1853, he was ordered to return and
make a demand of payment of damages. After
several written communications had been inter-
changed, and after much verbal negotiation, the
Greek Government finally admitted its .liability;
and, while the terms of settlement were under dis-
cussion, he was recalled. The claim has lately
been settled on the terms proposed by Mr. Marsh.
His report upon this subject occupies thirty-six
pages, running from pages 5 to 41 of executive
document 67, of the first session of the Thirty-
Third Congress. The correspondence with the
Greek Ministry occupies pages 136 to 142, and 156
to 163 inclusive, besides which there were several
letters not published. It will at once be seen, by
the report, that a very full examination of both
the law and the facts was required, and the
soundness of the argument was .admitted by the
Greek Government, although it had always be-
fore denied its liability.
Again, it will be observed that Dr. King's
claim against the Government was presented by
the consul in 1850. The consul soon after left
Greece; and in the winter of 1850-'51 a proseca-
tion was got up against Dr. King for " malevo-
lently attacking the Greek religion." The pros-
ecution was not merely a matter of sectarian big-
otry or personal malice towards Dr. King. On
the part of the synod which stimulated the pro-
ceedings, and formally denounced Dr. King to
the Government, it was an experiment to see how
far the courts and Government would sustain it
in putting down every form of dissent from the
Greek church; and they chose an American for
the object of the first attack, as being least likely
to be energetically protected by his Government,
which was not a party to the treaty of 1830, by
which the allied Powers secured the political and
religious liberties of Greece.
The Obscurantist party, which controlled the
synod, had golupa rebellion, on grounds of pure
fanaticism, a few months before, and very nearly
overthrown the Bavarian dynasty: but this had
been suppressed, and the Government took an
active part in the proceedings against Dr. King,
with the double purpose of conciliating the bigots,
and of driving him, by threats and violence, into
an abandonment or compromise of his land claim.
The treaty of 1830, the constitution, and the laws
of Greece, secure the largest possible liberty of
opinion, of worship, and of speech, as well as
great freedom of the press, m all matters of reli-
gious concern; but it is a punishable offense to
attack the dogmas or the rites of the Greek or
any other church with " contemptuous mockery
or malevolent expressions." The seventeenth
article of the Greek criminal code of 1833, against
reviling, &c., and wThich was then in force, is ia
the following words:
<s Imprisonment for a term not exceeding three months,
and, upon a second conviction, not exceeding six months,
is inflicted upon him who, in public discourse, in writing,
or by symbolical representations, assails, by contemptuoaa
mockery or malevolent expressions, the dogmas, the ordi-
nances, and the customs, of the Oriental Church, or any
other religion existing with the consent of the Govern-
ment."
Under this statute Dr. King was indicted; and
