1855.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
93
why there are men in this House who have at-
tached themselves to the American organization,
and who are insisting on that connection, despite
every effort on our part to divorce ourselves
entirely from them.
I will repeat now, for the satisfaction of my
friend from Indiana, [Mr. Colfax,] that I have
110 reference to rumors, no reference to the ordi-
nary floating reports of the day, no reference to
bar-room conversations; but I have reference to
direct charges which have been made, which I
believe will be made again, and of which, I have
no doubt, there is abundant proof—charges, I
repeal, which if made and proved here, will pre-
vent any honorable man, of any party, from con-
tinuing to give his vote for the gentleman from
Massachusetts, [Mr. Banks.] I renew my prop-
osition to adjourn.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio. I wish to say a
word in reply.
Mr. MARSHALL. Then I withdraw the
motion to adjourn.
Mr. CAMPBELL. Mr. Clerk, I had no idea
of saying a word, but the remarks which 1 sub-
mitted when I withdrew from the canvass have
been repeatedly adverted to, and I have forborne
to say anything byway of explanation. 1 do not
now propose to go into any further explanation
than is absolutely demanded by the allusion made
to them by tlic> gentleman from Kentucky.
The demand which has been made on me is
predicated on an inference, and nothing more. I
will now say, in reference to pledges, as to the
construction of committees, that no member of
Congress ever approached me and demanded or
cxacted a pledge. I will say, further, that I am
glad it is so; for otherwise 1 should in all proba-
bility have committed the sin, if it be a sin, of
kicking out of my room any member who dared
to so approach me.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. Mr. Clerk, if
there arc any charges which can be made and
substantiated here against the honorable and dis-
tinguished gentleman for whom I have voted wo
many days, 1 should like to have them made now.
Tne gentleman from Kentucky [Mr. Alexander
K. Marsualx.] says, as I understand him, that
there are charges which have been made, and
others that can be made. Then I would say to
him, most respectfully, let them be made now.
"What is the necessity for adjournment 3 He has
not stated, I apprehend, that there are charges
which may be made, without knowing distinctly
what they arc, and by whom they are lobe made.
Sir, is it wise, is it well, is it fitting for us to
adjourn or to take a recess upon such vague state-
ments as he lias made, not indicating in any way
what the charges are or by whom they may be
preferred? Surely, nothing has been said here,
nothing lias been shown here, which impeaches,
in the- slightest degree, the honor of the gentle-
man from Massachusetts, [Mr. Banks.] The
gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. Milliard]
did state that some propositions had been made
to him by a colleague. Those propositions, to the
extent to which they were understood by him,
are denied by that colleague, and emphatically
denied by the gentleman from Massachusetts, so
that l\e is not compromised at all by anything
which was said m that case. And so in regard
to every specification that has been made. An
attempt has been made upon the other side to
injure and embarrass the cause of the gentleman
from Massachusetts by insinuating or intimating
that gentlemen upon this side of the House have
been guilty of pairing off with more than one
member upon the other side; and you see how
that has terminated. It was all a mistake.
Mr. MILLWARD (interrupting.) I deny
that it lias been denied by my colleague [Mr.
Pi:arcf] that the conversation which 1 related
here took place between us. He has not denied
it.
Mr. WASHBURN. I understand entirely
what took place between the gentleman and his
colleague. The gentleman's colleague stated here,
, expressly and unqualifiedly, that he made no such
proposition to the gentleman as he has stated.
There may be a question of veracity between
them; but I submit that nothing has been proved,
even against the gentleman on my right, [Mr.
Pearcg.] At any rale, Mr. Banks has stated
here distinctly, and wiihout, qualification or reser-
vation, that he has <?iven no authority for any
such proposition to any member of this House,
and I do not believe there is a gentleman here,
no, not one, who, m his heart of hearts, doubts
the entire truth of what has been said by Mr.
Banks, or doubts that he has come out of this
controversy, as he will outofaH controversies in
this House, without any stain or blemish upon
his garments.
Mr. ALEXANDER K.MARSHALL. T have
not thought proper to make directly any charges
here. I am no lawyer; but when 1 make a case
at all I will do it completely , and I do not choose
to make a case now, nor will 1 hereafter unless I
shall be able to establish the facts which I shall
bring forward. I am not able to state positively
whether I shall be able to do so or not; but, if
certain gentlemen upon this floor will stand up
squarely to what they have toldme, I will prove to
the satisfaction of every member here all I shall
charge, not upon the gentleman from Massachu-
setts [Mr. Banks] himself, but upon those who
are advocating his cause in this House, and who
profess—as did the gentleman from Pennsylvania
[Mr. Pearce]—to be acting by his authority.
But, independent of anything that may be be-
hind, there is a charge which has already been
made before this House, that the gentleman from
Massachusetts has given assurances to the Penn-
sylvania delegation that he will waive his own
ideas of the true policy of the country upon cer-
tain subjects, if they will support him.
Mr. GROW". 1 should like the gentleman
from Kentucky to say who stated that the gentle-
man from Massachusetts had given any such
assurances.
Mr. MARSHALL. I asked the question, and
your colleague replied in the affirmative.
Mr. GROW. Which colleague? I have not
heard any such statement.
Mr. MARSHALL. Then you were not list-
ening.
Mr. GROW. Yes, sir, I have been listening
to the whole of this discussion.
Mr. MARSHALL. If there is any disposi-
tion to hear the charge made, I will make it my-
self, because I heard the conversation between a
gentleman fiom Penn.sylvama 
Mr. GROW, (interrupting.) What I under-
stood my colleague to say was, that he was satis-
fied to leave the question with the gentleman from
Massachusetts, relying upon him as a gentleman
of integrity, and that he never had any assurances
from that gentleman.
Mr. MARSHALL. You happen to have two
colleagues from Pennsylvania; one of them is j
perfectly willing to leave the matter to the gen-
tleman from Massachusetts, but the other is not
quite willing to trust the matter there.
Mr. GROW. Then I suppose he has an as-
surance on the subject.
Mr. MARSHALL. I hope the gentleman will
not try to turn me back.
The CLERIi. The time of the gentleman
from Kentucky has expired.
Mr. KUNKEL. I have only a few words to
say. This particular branch of this subject,
after these personal explanations and difficulties
are out of the way, involves, as it has been put,
to some extent the honor of the gentleman from
Massachusetts; and certainly the honor of the
State of Pennsylvania.; because I hold that it
would be as dishonorable for the delegation from
that State to ask pledges from the gentleman from
Massachusetts upon the question of protection to
its industry or any other interest as for that gen-
tleman to give them.
The charge made here is, that the Pennsylvania
delegation asked and received pledges at the
hands of Mr. Banks in relation to the question
of protection. That is the charge. Very well,
sir. Now I will state all that occurred m regard
to the matter.
Mr. JONES, of Pennsylvania. Do not in-
volve me in it.
Mr. KUNKEL. Oh, I do not refer to my col-
league from the perks district. The charge affects |
oidy the sixteen or seventeen gentlemen from s
Pennsylvania who have been voting for Mr. i
Banks. A number of us wore told some six or i
eight days ago, by a distinguished gentleman of j
the present Congress, not a member of this j
House, that Mr. Banks stood pledged to certain !
interests in the State of New York against the |
interests of Pennsylvania, and pledged to consti- !
tute the Committee of Ways and Means with
some reference to those interests in the State of
New York. My Colleague from Schuylkill
county [Mr. Campbell] and myself ventured
the opinion that it was utterly untrue. Never-
theless we went to Mr. Banks, taking with us a
gentleman from the State of New York, a mem-
ber of this House, and asked him'the question,
whether any such pledge or assurance had been
given? He responded that no such pledge or
assurance had been given by him, or by anybody
for him, and that he stood perfectly free and un-
trammeled on that question. We asked no pledge
of the gentleman from Massachusetts, and we
have no assurance except that which results from
the confidence we have reposed in him, and the
knowledge that our interests deserve to be pro-
tected.
Mr. SMTTH, of Virginia. Mr. Clerk, what a
scene we are witnessing S Grave charges made
before the country, and gentlemen shrinking from
meeting them! A distinguished member from
Kentucky rises in las place, and states that in
case of an adjournment he will be able to determ-
ine whether or not certain charges maybe made;
and the friends of the gentleman implicated are
interposing, and interposing with all their might,
to prevent the time being allowed which is re-
quired for the purpose of determining upon our
course of action. In other words, the examina-
tion that is suggested is resisted by those whom
it is likely to affect.
Many Members. Not at all. *
Mr. SMITH. I can only say that it is so un-
derstood. If they are willing to refuse the few
hours asked by the gentleman fiom Kentucky
for this examination of their own proceedings,
Jet them do it with all the responsibility con-
nected with it.
But, sir, what is the fact in reference to the
case that has been brought to the notice of the
House? The fact is, that one member upon
this floor went to another to ask him if he had
any particular objection to being chairman of a
particular committee, and also whether ho had
any particular objection to voting ibi Mr. Banks.
You all know what the answer was. The fm:t is
unmistakable that a proposition was made to the
gentleman to vote for Mr. Banks; and he was
asked at the same time whether lie was willing
to be chairman of a particular committee. I am
not going into this subject at length, but it is
gravely alleged that time will develop import-
ant matters m relation to the efforts to organ-
ize this House, if an adjournment he permiutd.
Will it be denied? I think those who are inter-
ested in it ought to be the last to deny it. But
we have here some curious instances of special
pleading. The gentlemen from Pennsylvania all
at once find out that the committee alfecting their
interests will be formed so as to suit their pur-
poses, because the gentleman for whom they are
voting is a man of high character. Of all rea-
sons ever alleged for constituting a committee,
that is the most remarkable. I should like to
inquire how the gentleman from Pennsylvania
[Mr. Kunkel] knows that the gentleman from
Massachusetts [Mr. Banks] would abandon his
ancient opinions—which are well known—for
the purpose of protecting the particular interest
of Pennsylvania?
And the gentleman from Ohio has undertaken
to explain the remarks which he made some
days ago upon three subjects : his opinions as
to the subject of slavery; his opinions a:; to Amer-
icanism; and as to the structure of the commit-
tees. lie confines himself to the committers, and
says that no member of Congress has propoM'd
to him to form the committers upon any parti'-u-
lar basis. " No member of Congi'-ss," he says,
most emphatically. Then, sir, the proposition
came from those outside of Congress. That con-
clusion follows as a matter of course, for that
gentleman weighs well his words, and understands
what he says. When he says thai propositions
were made to him to construct the connmtu_e.N,
which would involve his own self-respect 
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio, (interrupting.)
The gentleman from Virginia does not quote my
language correctly, and therefore, I cannot re-
spond. If the gentleman will look back to tiio
records, he will find what I did s«.y.
Mr. SMITH. I should like to have the re-
marks of the gentleman. But the gentleman said
