94
appendix to the congressional globe.
[February 12,
34th Cong....1st Sess.
The Central American Question—Mr. Wilson.
Senate.
ever manifest those dispositions until they shall
cease to be esteemed a national virtue, and no
longer. , ,
But, sir, leaving the consequences to the solu-
tion of time under Him who guides the destinies
alike of men and of nations, I repeat, let us stand
fast by the integrity of this treaty, and to the
exaction of the fulfillment of its every obligation.
Let England understand your settled and de-
termined purpose in this regard, and that she
must resign all her pretensions in Central Amer-
ica; let her understand this to be your ultimatum;
and my life upon it, she will not long hesitate—
she will not fail to do what her own plighted
faith and the conjoined voice of all Christendom
require her to do, and she will have no war with
you. She cannot afford to go to war with you.
She has not the men nor the money to spare in
a war with you. She would not be willing to
suffer the inevitable forfeiture of all her North
American provinces as the price of a war with
you. She cannot afford to lose her annual trade
of $200,000,000 with you, as the price of such a
war. Let me here say, in passing, that, cut off
as England is this very year, from her usual
supply of grain by way of the Black and the Bal-
tic seas, and with very limited crops in western
Europe, if she were cut off in her trade with us
by war at this time, and consequently cut off
from the large supplies of provisions she is now
receiving from this country, nothing short of a
miracle from on high could save her population
from inevitable starvation before another return-
ing harvest. No, sir, England could not afford
to go to war with you for the acquisition of the
sovereign dominion of all Central America, even
though her forests were laden with the spices of
all the Indies—though her volcanic mountains
poured forth perennial streams of molten gold,
instead of burning streams of devouring fire.
But, after all, Mr. President, our reliance and
our hope for continuing peace with England rests
with not more confidence upon her supposed in-
terests than upon her professed sense of honor
and justice. She would not willingly sacrifice
either; much less would she be willing to sacri-
fice both, or to hazard both, by an appeal to arms
against us upon a question upon which the judg-
ment of the civilized world must be against her,
and upon which her own Cabinet councils are
divided; for it is understood that the Earl of
Aberdeen, as well as Lord John Russell, of her
Majesty'slate Cabinet, both virtually concede the
correctness of the American interpretation of the
convention of 1850.
At all events, Mr. President, I
as I do, to the present national Administration-
differing from it, as I do, most widely and radi-
cally upon almost every question of domestic
policy—I am the more happy in being able to
accord to it the tribute, worthless though it may
I be, of my sincere and entire approval of the posi-
tion it has taken upon this question. However
we may be divided among ourselves, however we
may contend and wrangle upon questions of
domestic interest and of local policy, yet, when
it comes to a question with a foreign Power,
wherein our national honor and our national
< interest are concerned, as in the present instance,
let us exhibit to the world the beautiful and
sublime spectacle of a great, a united, a harmo-
nious people—a people having one mind, one
heart, and one purpose. When it shall come to
such an issue, all our miserable family quarrels,
and domestic feuds, and sectional jealousies will
be cast aside and forgotten, and the North and
the South, the East and the West, will come
together, and strike hands once more in fraternal
union for the common defense and the common
welfare. And now, Mr. President, let us, as
Americans all, and as patriots all, give the pledge
of our assurance to tne world, tnat, upon this
pending issue with proud and imperious England,
the position assumed by our executive Govern-
ment is approved by the unitfed voice, and will be
sustained by the undivided energies, of the Amer-
can people. 
THE CENTRAL AMERICAN QUESTION.
granted that our policy is adopted, and must be
carried out; that our course is taken, and that we
cannot departfrom it; that our stand is taken upon
the treaty, and upon the American interpretation
of the treaty, and that we cannot be moved from
it. Let us stand by it then, I repeat once more,
as demanded by considerations of national con-
sistency, as of national independence—by con-
siderations of national honor, as of national inter-
est—by considerations of self-respect, as of the
respect of the world; and I will superadd, let us
stand by this treaty in all its integrity, in all its
fullness, and in all its value, as a national legacy,
and the crowning glory, as it was the last mate-
rial act, of the administration of President Taylor.
He proclaimed its ratification to his country, and
lay down to die. With that proclamation, his
work on earth was finished. We, sir, are the
proper trustees of that legacy. The distinguished
Senator from Delaware, [Mr. Clayton,] and my
honorable colleague, [Mr. Collamer,]—the one
as the negotiator of the treaty, and both of them
as the confidential counselors of President Tay-
lor,—are in a special and a peculiar degree, if I
may so say, to be regarded as the executors and
guardians of this trust. Thatthis high and sacred
commission will be well and faithfully executed
by these honorable gentlemen, no man doubts.
It is the nation's inheritance; it is an important
and a sacred trust. Let us cherish and defend it
as such; and let us see to it that it shall be fully
executed according to its letter and its spirit.
Sir, as an American Senator and as an Ameri-
can citizen, I am prepared to stand by our own
executive Government in the position it has as-
SPEECH OF HON. HENRY WILSON,
of massachusetts,
Iv the Senate, February 12, 1856,
On the motion to refer to the Committee on Foreign Rela-
tions the Letter of Lord John Russell, respecting the con-
struction of the Clayton-Bulwer Treaty.
Mr. WILSON. Mr. President, during the
past few months the public press, especially that
portion of it which-sustains the policy of the
Administration, has given the country to under-
stand that the relations between the United States
and Great Britain, growing out of the Central
American and enlistment questions, are in a com-
plicated and critical condition. Gentlemen asso-
ciated with the Administration, having the con-
fidence of the Chief Magistrate and his constitu-
tional advisers, known at least-to be on terms of
intimacy with that member of the Cabinet whose
feelings and opinions are believed to be in har-
mony with that class of our fellow-citizens which
take it for indulges 'in the illusion that a foreign war would
far-seeing merchants continue to send upon dis-
tant adventures our merchant marine, freighted
with precious cargoes, confident that the Admin-
istration of President Pierce and the Government
of Lord Palmerston will not, dare not, involve two
nations having such vast interests in tlie preser-
vation of peace, wielding such commanding in-
fluences in favor of human progress and Christian
| civilization, in a needless conflict, which must be
felt in every quarter of the globe.
i The message of the President has made the
tour of the country, crossed the water, and been
read by the people and statesmen of England,
whose Government he arraigns before the forum
of the nations for the failure to fulfill her treaty
obligations. The steamers have borne to our
shores the response of the British people and
press, and that response is, that" the President,"
in the language of the London Times, " shows a
desire to let negotiations on the affairs of Central
America drag on interminably."
Sir, the speculations of the public journals, the
declarations of the Chief Magistrate, the avowals
of statesmen of large experience and commanding
influence, have all failed, signally failed, to create
the least anxiety or the slightest alarm in the
public mind, or to shake the firm confidence of
the people in the stability of peace between Great
Britain and the United States. This confidence of
the people, this calm repose of the public mind,
teaches the public journalists of the country and
the public men of the country that, while tha
American people do not fear England—while they
are not dazzled by the splendor, or awed by the
power of her Government—while they are ready
now, as in other days, to meet her upon the land
or upon the sea, in the stern conflict of arms, to
maintain the rights or vindicate the honor of the
country, they do not desire to witness another era
of proud words, haughty airs, and swaggering
attitudes, coupled with insignificant deeds. Sir,
the American people still remember that ten years
have hardly passed away since these Halls echoed
back the executive assurance that " our title to
the whole of Oregon was clear and unquestion-
| able"—that these Halls then rang with the defiant
I words, "fifty-four forty or fight." They have
i not yet forgotten the celerity of our retreat from
! "fifty-four forty" down—down—to forty-nine,
leaving England in possession of Vancouver's
i Island—of three hundred thousand square.miles
of the free territory of the Republic. They will
not soon forget, sir, the taunt of the British lord,
quoted the other day by the honorable Senator
from Michigan; ana some of our countrymen
have not ceased to remember that they were then
reminded, in foreign lands, that our Government
backed out on the Oregon question. The Ameri-
develop the latent patriotism of the country, con-
solidate its institutions, and withdraw the atten-
tion of the people from that all-absorbiiig domestic can people, sir,"have not forgotten that, upon this
miAdtiAn itrh/\nA trnnt ah^a J J «   1. _ J /~*1 j.  1 A   ■ .* .11 * 1
question, whose vast, complicated,and overshad-
owing issues are now arresting the most profound
attention of the whole country, have thrown out
intimations that war was the possible solution of
the " misunderstanding between two nations as-
sociated by so many ties of interest and kindred."
The President of the United States in his annual
message assures Congress and the country, that
" there is reason to apprehend that this inter-
national difficulty cannot long remain undeterm-
i ined, without involving in serious danger the
friendly relations which it is the interest, as well
as the duty, of both countries to cherish and pre-
serve." The veteran Senator and experienced
statesman from Michigan, [Mr. Cass,] the cause
of whose absence from the Senate to-day we all
deplore, declares to the Senate that " no man who
has read the message can fail to see that our re-
lations with England are in a critical condition."
The distinguished Senator from New York [Mr.
Seward] emphatically proclaims to the country
and the world, that " a war with Great Britain is
now among the possible solutions of the present
embarrassment."
But, sir, the people of the United States, whose
instincts are more unerring than are the deductions
of statesmen, give little heed to the speculations
of the public press, or the mysterious hints of
politicians. The commercial classes, always
keenly sensitive upon those disturbing questions
that threaten the repose of the world, manifest no
,,,3 ^jernment in the position it has as- j! anxiety at these predictions of approaching rup
sumed upon this question, Standingin opposition, I ture with our great commercial rival. Cautious,
Central American question, the honorable Sena-
tor from Virginia, [Mr. Mason,] the chairman of
the Committee on Foreign Relations, announced,
with great emphasis, that, "if it was true that
GreatBritain had established a colony at the Bay
Islands, whether it was or was not in contra-
vention of the Clayton and Bulwer treaty, that
colony must be discontinued." Three years have
passed, sir, since this declaration was made on
the floor of the United States Senate; a declaration
which an honorable Senator from Georgia, (Mr.
Dawson,) not now a member of the Senate, pro-
nounced " the strongest allegation that war was
before us"—that" the sentiment would be noticed
throughout the civilized world;" yet the Bay
Island colony " has not been discontinued." The
American people, by their firm and dignified atti-
tude, are now teaching the public journalists of
the country, and the public men or the country,
the lesson that they are not to be diverted by
" rumors of wars" with England froiti the scenes
of outrage, violence, and murder, now transpiring
in Kansas. War with Great Britain might re-
sult in the acquisition of three millions of square
miles of free soil, and three millions of free men,
in carrying the northern boundaries of the Repub-
lic up to the shores of that unfrozen sea in the
Polar regions the heroic Kane and his comrades
fazed upon, in their perilous search for Sir John
'ranklin. The American people entertain the
suspicion that the power that now directs the pol-
icy of the country, and the men who now control
the public affairs of the country, are in u« haste
