820
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
April 4,
the following extract from the complaint contains
the substance of the charge against him:
"But, inasmuch ae the punishable act of heterodox
preaching now under consideration, committed by the said
accused, Jonas King, is provided against, and made punish-
able, by the seventeenth article of the law concerning re-
viling, and so forth, therefore, we move that this council
do decree, that there exists sufficient cause for accusation
against him, and that it do send him to the bar of the court
of correctional police in this city, to be adjudged guilty, for
that, within his house, here situated, during the past and
current year, he hath taught every Lord's day, and at di-
• vers hours, expounding forsooth the holy and divine Scrip-
tures, and sundry other divine passages, wrongly interpret-
ing the same, and uttering opinions, principle;., and &enti-
inents repugnant in general to the grounds of our holy re-
ligion, and exercising a pernicious influence thereon, and
upon the orthodox Oriental Church of Christ, its mysteries,
rites, and customs, contrary to the seventeenth article of
the law concerning reviling, and so forth; but do cease, for
the present, any further proceedings against him on the
charge of proselytism."
The trial was co'nducted with most shameless
disregard of all the principles of law and justice;
and, without any evidence of contemptuous or
hostile language, Dr. King was convicted of the
charge, the court solemnly adjudging, as matter
of law, that the simple denial of the doctrine of
trans instantiat ion, and the affirming that the Virgin
Mary was a mere woman, did, in and of itself, con-
stitute the crime of attacking the doctrines of the
Greek Church with malevolent expressions.
The testimony upon which Dr. King was con-
victed was chiefly that of persons employed by
the synod or the Government to feign proselytism
to Dr. King's opinions 111 order to entrap him:
and they confessed on the stand that they had
thus drawn out from him the expressions for
using which he was convicted. Dr. King was
sentenced to imprisonment with the lowest and
vilest malefactors, and to perpetual banishment
from the territory of Greece; and Mr. Marsh
was instructed to endeavor to obtain the remittal
of this iniquitous and illegal sentence. His re-
port upon this case occupies pages 44 to 129, in-
clusive, of the document already referred to; and
the correspondence with the Greek Ministry
occupies pages 142 to 151,167 to 171, and 179 to
187, inclusive. Upon this part of the cose, Mr.
Webster again remarks, m the same letter of
instructions already referred to:
"The Department is not mfomied precisely to what ex-
tent toieiation is allowed 111 Uiceec, or how tar the preach-
ing ot' areligion other than that of the Gieek Chmch per-
mitted; but it has good lea&on to believe that the Roman
Catholics,Episcopalians, Lutherans, Jews, and Mussulman,
pxeiowe the liberty without re>tramt m Greece of preach-
ing and expounding their peculiar views.
" If this be correct, the prosecution of Dr. King looks
much like persecution. Thin Government, while itwill not
support its citizens m the violation of the local laws of the
countries where they temporarily reside, will piotect them,
to the utmost of its power, in ail just rights and privileges
to which they may be entitled; nor will it penmt, on the
part of the Greek "Government, any violation of its treaty
obligations."
Upon the question of Dr. King's citizenship,
and, consequently, of his right to the protection,
as such, of this Government, 1 cite the following
extract from Mr. Webster's letter:
" The Department presumes there can be no doubt as to the
citizenship of Dr. King, and his right to be protected by the
Government of the United States. Merc residence abroad,
without the animus manendi. ha< never been claimed to
sever the ties which bind the citizen to his country.
"The views, of Chief Justice Williams, of Connecticut,
in one of the documents herewith submitted, nnon the sub-
ject of the citizenship of missionaries, coincide with those
of the Department.
"lie remarks that 'the merchant who seeks for gain, the
soldier who fights the battles of other countnes, and the
sailor who spends Ins days 111 roving from shore to -hore,
all feel that they have a country wmch will acknowledge
them as citizens. And it cannot be claimed that the mis-
sionary stands upon diffeient ground^. Theie is nothing
in his character, his pursuits,01 his vocation, which lenders
him less woithy of the piotcctiou of las Government. The
merchant seeks for gam for himself; the soldier seeks tor
what he calls glory; and the sailor to indnlse his rouiur
disposition. The missionary, with untmng benevolence^
looks not for his own good, but the good of other?. lie is
the messenger of peace arid the herald of salvation. lie
seeks not theirs, but them. He looks not even for support
to his new country, but draws his rei-ources from Ins native
land. He is, indeed, embassador, not sent out by the Gov-
ernment as their representative, but as the representative
of a great number of his leliow-citizens, to communicate
knowledge to the ignorant and happiness to the mneiable.
To those from whom he derives his suppoit m Ins own
land is he accountable, and at their pleasure may be re-
called. It is true he may be at a great distance from his
native land, but not further than those who are m com-
mercial pursuits. We see nothing, therefore, m his pio-
fession, nothing in his distance from home, nothing in his
relationship to Ins countiy, winch would place him upon
different ground, as to his citizenship, from his commercial
biethren.
" While, therefore, our missionaries, amidst their priva-
tions, are cheered with the knowledge that they have the
sympathy and the prayers of their Christian friends at home,
and are recognized as brethren m Chiist Jesus, they may
rest assured that they remain fellow citizens with us, and
have a right to the protection of a Government whose dis-
tinguished chaiaeteristic it is to secure to ail her citizens
equal rights and equal privileges."
Mr. Marsh states in his report that—
" Neither the Constitution nor the laws make any dis-
tinction between the criminal liabilities of citizens and
aliens in cases like the present, except that, as will hereaf-
ter appear, aliens are, in certain cases, subject to banish-
ment. And it is proper here to observe, that Dr. King has
never availed himself of the provisions of the laws of
Greece respecting naturalization, nor exercised any polit-
ical rights in Greece, but considers himself, and is consid-
ered by the comts and the Government, as an American
citizen, and an alien.
" It should, moreover, be observed, that, at the time of
the commission of the alleged offense and of his trial, he
was vice-consul and acting-consul of the United States,
and had been recognized as such by both the American and
Greek Governments."
The report upon the first of these questions
committed to Mr. Marsh for his investigation
was written out and mailed for Washington in
September, and the other was finished and for-
warded in October, 1852. After the completion
of these reports, near Trieste, and in pursuance
of his instructions, he now awaited farther orders,
remaining in the mean time at points convenient
for communication with the commander in chief
of the squadron, until ho received the orders of
the President to return to Athens in a ship of war,
and enter into negotiations with the Greek Gov-
ernment. These orders reached him on the 11th
of March, 1353, when he immediately notified
Commodore Stringham, and was on his way to
embark for Athens the next morning; but as a
ship could not be spared from other service at that
moment, he did not reach the Greek capital until
the latter part of April. He at once commenced
his correspondence with the Minister of Foreign
Affairs of the Hellcnic Government, which was
continued until his recall.
The unjust and illegal sentence passed upon
Dr. King was subsequently remitted, according
to the demand made by the President of the
United States, through Mr. Marsh; and his claim
for pecuniary compensation for the sequestration
of Jus lands, as 1 have already stated, has been
recently adjusted upon the principle contended
for, and the'terms proposed by Mr. Marsh. Upon
his second visit to Athens, he remained there
from April 29 to June 25, at which latter date
the alarming posture of affairs at Constantinople
was thought to require both his own presence and
that of an American ship of war at that city; and
he sailed, accordingly, for the Bosphorus, on
board the corvette Levant, which had been left
at Athens by Commodore Stringham for his
conveyance. He left Athens with the intention
of returning thither at the earliest practicable
moment; but the Koszta affair and other import-
ant business detained him at Constantinople
until he was supeiseded by the appointment of
Mr. Spence. The time actually spent by Mr.
Marsh at the city of Athens fell a few days short
of three months; and the preparation of the re-
ports, and the correspondence with the Greek
Ministry, occupied him elsewhere at least an
equal length of time. And the whole period of
tins special mission, from his first arrival at
Athens, on the 31st July, 1852, until his final de-
parture on the 25th June, 1853, was but a month
short of a full year, and was all occupied in the
investigations of the questions with which he was
charged, in his official coirespondencc, in prepar-
ing his reports, and in waiting the orders of his
Government agreeably to his instructions.
When it is considered that the discharge of these
duties involved a careful and wholly unaided study
of those titles of Greek law which bore on the sub-
jects committed to him, as well as the thorough
examination of a great mass of manuscript records,
testimony, and other documents, in the language
of the country, and the making and revising of
translations of such of them as are appended to
his reports, it will be apparent that the amount of
labor performed by him was extraordinary indeed
for that length of time; and I venture to affirm
that no portion of a life of severe and uncommon
industry has been spent in more intense and trying
labor than that which was devoted to the exam-
ination of those cases and the negotiations con-
nected with them. It should be added that the
questions turned very much, if not altogether, on
the construction of the Greek code and the pre-
cise signification of technical words of Hellenic
law. The original words of the code, and its tech-
nical terms, were necessarily used to some extent
in the reports, and altogether in the correspond-
ence; but in printing these documents, all Greek
citations, whether of single words or of extracts
from the laws, were (for want of the necessary
typographical facilities no doubt) omitted, and
consequently the legal argument is deprived of
much of its force, and in many passages rendered
quite unintelligible, if not unmeaning.
Of the character and value of those labors of Mr.
Marsh, of the ability, and learning, and research
displayed in his reports and correspondence, I
need not speak. They speak for themselves
more forcibly than any one can speak for them.
I only ask you to examine and read them for
yourselves. Mr. Webster, Mr. Everett, and Mr.
Marcy, of the State Department, have all been
pleased to "bear cheerful testimony to the im-
portance and peculiar character of the duties im-
posed upon him in his special mission to Greece,
and to the fidelity and ability with which they
were performed."
By his original instructions, Mr. Marsh was
directed to " keep an account of his traveling
expenses while engaged in carrying out the in-
structions." The Department allowed him only
his individual personal expenses, rejecting even
a charge for the wages of a single servant, and
declined compensating him for loss of rent and
other pecuniary sacrifices. In the disturbed state
of Constantinople and its environs at that time,
he could not have left his family in his residence
without risk to their personal safety. He was
unable to leave his house, for which he paid an
annual rent of one thousand dollars. He was
obliged to keep servants and watchmemnit during
the whole period for the protection of the house
and his effects, and sacrificed a very considerable
sum upon the sale of horse^md perishable stores,
and in other contingent expenses incident to the
breaking up of his domestic establishment upon
so short notice. From the time his reports were
presumed to have reached Washington, he was
m constant expectation of orders, and of course
could make only temporary arrangements for resi-
dence. His expenses for the year were conse-
quently greater than they would have been had
he remained at Constantinople.
Mr. President, let me add that this special mis-
sion to Greece was never sought by Mr. Marsh;
but he did not feel himself at liberty to decline
the instructions of his Government. The fulfill-
ment of these instructions has cost him many
months of severe labor, as this volume which I
hold in my hand, containing his reports and cor-
respondence, will most abundantly testify, and
has cost him no inconsiderable pecuniary loss, for
neither of which has he ever been compensated.#
He now only asks that his services shall receive
the same consideration so universally accorded to
other diplomatic agents in like circumstances.
The principle has been so long established, that
it seems hardly to require discussion; and I have
entered into these details only because, as I stated
in the outset, of the misrepresentations so indus-
triously circulated to the prejudice of Mr. Marsh,
and of his claim in respect to the time and labor
which he bestowed upon the duties of this mis-
sion. It was an important and a delicate trust,
and was performed with signal ability and success.
The case which he was directed to investigate and
to adjust was, in all its aspects, one of peculiar
complexity and difficulty. Its full and thorough
investigation required not only an intimate knowl-
edge of the modern Greek language and of the
Constitution and laws, and jurisprudence of the
country,but it required also an unflinching firm-
ness and perseverance against all the obstacles
which a blind bigotry or a wild fanaticism could
throw in his way. These qualifications Mr.
Marsh, in an eminent degree, brought to the task;
and I undertake to say here, that,in the whole
range of American scholars, and statesmen, and
diplomatists, no better selection could have been
made for that service. He performed it to the
acceptance of his Government and to the honor
and praise of the American people. It remains
now to be seen whether he is to be turned away
without an appropriate reward from the doors
of the American Congress.
Mr. President, this claim is not a new or a
