94
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 27 ,
if he was required to give up his notion of sla-
veiy 
Mr. CAMPBELL. The gentleman from Vir-
ginia is still incorrect.
Mr. SMITH. I will only say that I will have
the remarks of the gentleman here to-mota-ow. I
move that the House do now adjourn.
[Cries of "No, no!" and "Call the roll!"J
Mr. GROW. I ask the gentleman from Vir-
ginia to withdraw his motion for a moment.
Mr. SMITH. I cannot do it, as I had prom-
ised to move to adjourn at the conclusion of my
remarks.
Mr. GROW. Then I hope the motion will be
voted down.
Tellers were called for and ordered, whereupon
Messrs. Wheeler and Thorington were ap-
pointed.
The House was then divided, and the tellers
reported—ayes 67, noes 90.
So the House refused to adjourn.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I now desire the
attention of the House for a moment, in relation
to what was said by the gentleman from Ohio
[Mr. Campbell] the other day. The House will
understand, from the remarks which I have al-
ready submitted, and from what was said by the
gentleman from Ohio, that there is some misun-
derstanding between us; and with a view to avoid
all possible mistake I have sent for the report of
the gentleman's remarks, and I will read them.
m He says:
" I find, through the partiality of friends, that I have re-
ceived, in fix of those votes, a higher number than any
other candidate before the House; and ill all the votes, a
greater number than any other candidate of the opposition
to the Administration. Yot, sir, it is obvious to me that it
is impossible for my friends to succeed, unless I can per-
form one of three conditions : to repudiate my well-known
principles in reference to slaveiy; my views on American-
ism ; or m some way, directly or indirectly, to make pledges
with regard to the forming of committees which will
amount to a sacrifice of my self-respect, and make me, m
my opinion, a fit object for public contempt.
" Under these circumstances, and feeling that the inter-
ests of the country require an organization, and regard-
ing those interests as paramount to every other consider-
ation, I withdraw my name from the canvass And m
taking my seat, I desire to return to the frieftds who have
shown so much fidelity to mc, my sincere gratitude, and
my thanks to my political opponents who have given me
evidences of their personal regard. My name is with-
drawn."
That is what was said by the honorable gen-
tleman from Ohio. He now says to the House
that no member of this House has made to him
any such suggestion as is referred to by him m
relation to the formation of committees. We
can, then, come to no other conclusion than that
such suggestions wore made by those outside of
this Hall; and the consequence is, that the policy
upon which the committees arc to be formed is
to be shaped and urged upon members through
outside dictation. It is in that way that the hon-
orable gentlemen from Pennsylvania—directly
interested in the iron business—are to be made
satisfied in relation to this matter. It is in this
way that the operations which have been referred
to here have been carried on. Let the matter be
investigated seriatim.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Pennsylvania. Will the
gentleman from Virginia [Mr. Smitix] allow mo
to say that I hope he will not intimate that such
outside influences have been brought to bear on
my colleague from Pennsylvania ?
Mr. SMITH. Mr. Clerk, it is idle to talk in
this way. There is a gentleman, sir, 
Mr. MACE, (interrupting.) I rise to a point
of order.
The CLERK. The gentleman from Indiana
will please state his point of order.
Mr. MACE. My point of order is this, that
there is nothing before the House, and all this
discussion is out of order. [Loud cries of " Call
the roll!"]
Tiu> CLERK. The Clerk thinks that the gen-
tleman from Indiana [Mr. Mace] is right in his
point of order, there being 110 question before the
House. But the gentleman from Virginia [Mr.
•Smith] has nearly spoken out his ten minutes, as
it is.
Mr. SMITH. I know, sir; but I have been
so much interrupted, that I was unable to con-
clude what I had to say.
The CLERK. The gentleman from Virginia
can only proceed by unanimous consent.
Mr. SMITH. I repeat, sir, 
Mr. SAGE, (interrupting.) We object to
your repeating.
Mr.' SMITH. Allow me, sir, to occupy my
own position.
Mr. SAGE. You have had your ten minutes.
Mr. SMITH. I have not had my ten minutes.
The CLERK. Within one or two minutes.
Mr. SMITH. I know; but I shall not lose
the time, of course, where I was interrupted.
[Loud cries of " Call the roll!"]
The CLERK. The gentleman from Virginia
[Mr. Smith] will please remember that the gen-
tleman from Indiana [Mr. Mace] has raised a
point of order, which the Clerk thinks is properly
taken—that there being np, question before the
House, discussion is out of order.
Mr. SMITH. Is that point of order pressed,
or is it not ?
The CLERK. The point of order being
raised, the Clerk stated that the gentleman from
Virginia cannot proceed without the unanimous
consent of the House.
Mr. LETCHER. The election of a Speaker
is the question before the House, and debate is
in order upon it for ten minutes each.
Mr. HOUSTON. The rule adopted the other
day does not allow a member to speak more than
once on the same question.
Mr. OLINGMaN. That is where another
gentleman claims the floor. But here 110 person
claims the floor from the gentleman from Vir-
ginia.
Mr. MACE. My point of order is that there
is no subject before the House.
Mr. PAINE. I rise for the purpose of making
a personal explanation. I find myself, Mr. Clerk,
placed in a position where I must take care of my
words, for I see, from what I have heard since I
have been here, that it is necessary for every gen-
tleman to be exceedingly cautious, not only as to
the sentiments which he utters, but also that those
sentiments shall be correctly reported.
Sir, I find myself partially misrepresented this
morning in the report of the proceedings of the
House of Representatives. This misrepresenta-
tion first comes to me in the columns of the Intel-
ligencer. Out of great respect for the venerable
gentlemen who edit that paper, I would have
allowed it to pass by unnoticed, had I not found
it also in the columns of the Globe. I believe
these venerable gentlemen are capable of giving
me good advice, and when they represent me here
as uttering sentiments, I take it for granted that
they have but come to the conclusion that these
were the sentiments which I ought to have
uttered. [Laughter.] But, sir, I am extremely
anxious to preserve, as long as I shall remain
here, the character of an independent Reoresenta-
tivc, and for the purpose of preserving that char-
acter, I have arisen to correct this misrepresenta-
tion.
In the few remarks which I had 'the honor to
submit on the resolution offered by the gentleman
from Georgia [Mr. Stephens] yesterday, on the
motion to lay that resolution on the table, I rose
for the purpose of removing any appearance of
inconsistency on my part, and stated that I should
vote to lay the resolution 011 the table, butthat that
vote should not commit meagainstthe resolution
or express my opinion upon it, as it was with me
only a matter of time. Sir, as soon as that reso-
lution was offered—although we were not told
why we were to devote ourselves even unto death
for the election of a Speaker—the gentleman from
Georgia hoisted the banner over us, and inscribed
011 it as a motto—"Dulce et decorum est pro patria
mori;" and I was willing to fight that matter to
the death. [Laughter.] I therefore desired an
opportunity of" preparing myself for the occasion;
and I required not only to take counsel with my
family and friends in this city, but I required also
to take leave of them. I wish it to be under-
stood here that I take counsel with no one out of
doors as to how I am to vote in this House. I
admit, sir, that I wished for certain-counsel at the
time, but it was not for advice as to how I should
vote, but that I might prepare myself for that
final act, for I had not made my will; and I did not,
want to defer doing so till the moment when I :
should be in articulo mortis.
Mr. CUMBACK, (interrupting.) I object
that the honorable gentleman, who is so intense
an American, should deal so profusely in foreign
languages. [Laughter.]
Mr. PAINE, (continuing.) I beg, therefore,
to be set right on this point, and to say that it
was not to take counsel with my family and
friends as to how I should vote that 1 wanted
time, but simply that I might take leave of them.
[Loud cries of " Call the roll!"]
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I was put into my
seat, sir, under a question of order; and not for
the purpose of allowing the gentleman to go into
a discussion.
The CLERK. The gentleman from North
Carolina [Mr. Paine] rose to a personal explana-
tion.
Mr. SMITH. And not to the point of order ?
The CLERK. No, sir.
Mr. SMITH. Then, 1 suppose the point of
order has been abandoned. Am I right? [Loud
cries of " Call the roll!" " Let us have a vote !"]
_ Mr. McMULLIN. I understand that the ques-
tion of order raised upon my colleague [Mr.
Smith] by the gentleman from Indiana [Mr.
Mace] was this: that there was no subject be-
fore the House, and that, therefore, my colleague
was out of order. Do I understand the Clerk as
having entertained the point of order as raised by
the gentleman from Indiana ?
The CLERK. The Clerk did so entertain it,
there being no question before the House at the
time the gentleman from Virginia was speaking.
Bnt. till the objection was made, the Clerk did
not conceive it to be in his power to make any
objection. The gentleman, however, [Mi\Smith,]
had spoken out his entire ten minutes, within
two minutes, when the point of order was raised.
Mr. McMULLIN. 1 desire that this question
of order shall be advisedly and correctly disposed
of. I assure the House that I am not desirous
of consuming the time of the House unnecessa-
rily; but if a gentleman raises the point of order,
and if the Clerk entertains that proposition, that
it. is out of order for a gentleman to speak on the
question which is before the House, to wit, the
election of a Speaker, I shall take an appeal from
the decision of the Clerk. Does the gentleman
[Mr. Mace] insist on his point of order? [Loud
cries of " Call the roil!" "Let us have a vote!"]
If the gentleman has abandoned his point of
order, I am glad to hear it.
Mr. MACE. No, sir, I have not abandoned
it; I insist upon it.
The CLERK commenced to call the roll.
Mr. McMULLIN, (interrupting.) It is due
to tile character of the House that this subject
he acted on advisedly and understandingly. If
the gentleman from Indiana has abandoned his
question oforder, then I have nothing to say.
The CLERK. Th&e being no question be-
fore the House when the gentleman from Indi-
ana raised his question, the Cierk decided that
the question of order was well taken, but it
having passed away from the notice of the House,
he thinks it is now too late to raise it a°Tiin.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I think°the ques-
tion is a very simple one. We are engaged upon
the subject of the election of a Speaker, and I
think that members have the right to speak in
order, for ten minutes, upon any matter bearing
upon that subject. It seems to me that is the
question fairly before the House, and that we
have the right to discuss it under the rules of the
House.
Mr. MACE. If the subject of the election of
Speaker is legitimately and fairly before the
House as a question to be discussed and stated,
I beg leave most respectfully to move the previous
question. [Laughter, and cries of " Good!"!
Mr. SMITH. I have the floor.
Mr. ED1E. I object to discussion unless it is
in order.
Mr. SMITH. Mr. Clerk, I now pass from
the discussion of the point of order, and come
directly to the subject on which we are engaged.
Surely it is competent for us to discuss matters
connected with the election of Speaker, which is
the business of the House.
Mr. HUGHSTON. I object to any discussion
that is not in order.
The CLERK. The Clerk must say that, inas-
much as objection is made to any discussion,
there being no question before the House upon
which discussion can legitimately arise, in his
opinion the objection must be sustained, and the
gentleman from Virginia ruled out of order.
[Loud cries of " Call the roll!"]
