1694
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 21,
bills through, and for that purpose to continue
them as special orders. This is the very objec-
tion X make. If four months will not suffice to
pass them when they are special orders, four
years would not do it. The difficulty is not in
the want of time, but of inclination or ability to
work and do the labor of the House at all. This
Congress has been running along here for months
in a very inefficient manner—slipshod, careless,
and down at the heel—swinging back and forth
with a small majority—vibrating, as X think, in a
most unbusiness-like manner, one way or the
other, during all that time, with very inconsider-
able results. And notwithstanding these bills
have been made the special order during the time
referred to by the gentleman from Ohio, thereby
giving them every advantage, yet here they are
staring us in the face, and not yet passed through
this House alone. There is no end to this, sir,
until we make an end by a final adjournment.
Mr. CAMPBELL. The gentleman is mis-
taken; we have passed several of them.
Mr. HAVEN. I did not mean to deny that.
I spoke comparatively. Now, the quicker we
can adjourn with safety the better. The gentle-
man has the detailed information on the subject,
which I have not. Extend the time to Septem-
ber, as he desires, and when the 25th of August
comes, my word for it this House will be ex-
actly, in respect to these bills, in the condition
that it is now.
Mr. CAMPBELL. In order to present this
thing fairly to the House, it is due to me to state
that the special order could not be taken up and
considered for the reason that there were ques-
tions of privilege that took precedence. Tins is
the cause of delay of action on the special order.
Mr. HAVEN. Mr. Speaker, 1 desire the
gentleman from Ohio, and other members of the
Committee of Ways and Means, who have more
to do in conducting the business of tile House
than other members, to understand that f do not
impute any neglect or blame to them. I know
the embarrassment the committee has to labor
under, and I desire to do them no injustice.
What I think and what I desire to say further
is, that after the very hot days have set in, and
our time is being lost and whiled away, as it has
been, in useless and irrelevant discussion, bear-
ing in no respect upon any practical business of
the country, the remedy is not in putting oft the
day of adjournment, but in fixing an early day,
and determining to work up to it punctually and
promptly, and cease these irrelevant, and, as I
think, useless speeches.
There is something in the suggestion of the
gentleman from Ohio about privileged questions
like the contested election eases—eases winch
have been disposed of'during the past two weeks. j
They have, during most of that period, occupied
the greater part of the time of the House, I admit;
but it is equally true, if we had been governed by
a due sense of self-respect, and of the importance
of the time of the House, that those privileged
questions ought to have been, and would have
been, settled longago. The question of privilege
arising out of the assault on a Senator by a member
of this House was debated for nearly two weeks,
when the whole matter should have been settled
in two days, and, I think, with a better effect upon
the public mind, These election cases are of the .
same class as it regards privilege; and I regret j
that my friend from Ohio [Mr. WatsoxJ did not
call for the previous question this morning when
the contested case from Nebraska was up. Men
can talk forever on these cases, if we will obli-
gingly yield to them. I can talk myself on the
matter under consideration almost an hour, if the
House will listen to me. [Laughter.]
Why, sir, gentlemen will talk to anything, if
you will give them your good-natured attention.
Many men here seem to wish matters to drag
along, and they say, " Don't call for the previous
question," "Don't take the vote." Continue
this everlasting talk, refuse to Settle the matter
by vote when the facts have been ascertained,
and the legitimate discussion has terminated, and .
in that way we may spin out this session until >'
the next one begins, and even then the business
of the country will be in as bad a plight, and no
nearer finished, than it is now. " :
Mr. Speaker, I see, in the unmistakable evi- i
dences about me, and in various parliamentary j
waneuvenngs of late, that members are determ- I.
ined not to do the business—and I speak in no
unkindly spirit—which in my judgment they
ought to do—which the peace and quiet, if not the
integrity, of the whole country require should be
speedily done. I speak, of course, in regard to
Kansas. Here are her difficulties, in regard to
which we have gone to vast expense. We have
raised a committee, and sent it out there to inves-
tigate the facts, which have heretofore been in per-
petual dispute here. I have not read the report
of that committee. I have not yet had time—it is
now but three days from the press—it is volumin-
ous—1188 pages; but I presume, when it comes
to be read, it will estop members—it will silence
them as to what were and what are the actual
facts in the Territory—what the true condition
of things is there. Having ascertained the facts, if
a proper business spirit could be engendered here—
if gentlemen who profess so much sympathy and
anxiety for Kansas desired it should have a prac-
tical result, or would even allow it, we could take
up that question and dispose of it in a day, or in
two days at most. We could dispose of it with a
knowledge of the facts, and not act as the House
did two weeks ago, when the revolutionary—the
squatter sovereignty Topeka convention bill was
forced through here without the evidence from
the committee—without a word of ascertained
facts, more than we had when we sent out the
committee to Kansas. Sir, there was a purpose in
that hot haste then, just as the other House was
passing a different bill. There was a desire to
make the other House an offer before they made
one to us, and then shuffle off" the subject here
for the session, give it a wide berth as to legis-
lation, but take it on board and husband it in its
political aspects for service in the campaign. I
am satisfied of the fact—indeed, I think there is
no mistaking the evidences—that the majority
here intend there shall be no final disposition of
the Kansas question during this session.
On the one hand, the House has forced through
a bill by a lean majority that all know the Senate
will not accept; and the Senate has acted a very
similar part towards the House. Each side seems
to think that, with a good-sounding offer, the
country will justify it for having made the offer,
and not justify, but condemn, the other for reject-
ing it; whilst the ultimate result—and I believe
design—is to leave Kansas in her present terribly
distracted condition and sufferings until after the
fall elections. Each side intends to go to the
people on the offer it has made, but which it knew
would not be accepted by the other. That is
what is very clear to my mind, and what the
country will soon see, is the intention and the
drift of the majority here. I deeply regret it; but
it being so the sooner we adjourn the better. 1
do not blame my friend from Indiana [Mr. Dunn]
for attempting to incorporate into the resolution
of adjournment an expression of the sense of the
House that something should be done on poor
Kansas's account before the adjournment. If I
thought anything could or would be done here in
that way that the Senate would pass, I, too, would
go for a restriction upon the resolution; but the
truth of the matter is, the majority here have
determined to do no such thing. The present
decree here is, that no relief is to be extended to
suffering Kansas this session. We have talked
about Kansas and her wrongs until the whole
country lias become excited, and that before we
have a word of the proofs which we have sent
for bearing upon the subject. We have talked
wisely and heatedly, without any knowledge of
the facts; but the moment we get the facts—the
moment our committee report, we let the subject
rest—we drop it, and repose ourselves on the
talking we have done before. We declare we
have made the Senate an offer, (which, it is well
known, it will not accept,) and we will stand
upon that, and go to the country for the spoils,
and the offices, and let Kansas bleed.
Mr. Speaker, seeing and feeling nothing effect-
ive is to be done for Kansas, although I would
stay as lorgas he who would stay longest to extend
relief to the actual settlers there, if the gentleman
from Ohio, the chairman of the Committee of
Ways arid Means, really thinks he will be unable
to carry through in the time specified the busi- jj
ness particularly confided to his care—I refer to H
the appropriation bills—then I am for a reason- jj
able extension of the time. My experience, ]l
however, is, that the appropriation bills are <J
always passed in the last fortnight of the session,
whenever that last fortnight is. If we linger on
until November, they will be passed in the last
fortnight then, and not until after the day is fixed
and known for the adjournment. If the 11th or
18th of the month of August is fixed for the ad-
journment, the appropriation bills will be passed
in time. Such is my opinion. Prom the evidences
around me, the haste of members to act without
information and without proofs, and their disin-
clination to act with either, I am convinced that
very little business besides the appropriation bills
will be closed up at this session. Therefore, I
shall vote for the resolution.
Mr. GREENWOOD obtained the floor, but
yielded to
Mr. KENNETT. Did I understand the gen-
tleman from New York to say that he would be
willing to accept the amendment of the gentleman
from Indiana—to vote for the adjournment with
a proviso for the restoration of the Missouri com-
promise ?
Mr. HAVEN. I do not know how my friend
understood me. I did not know there was any-
thing about the Missouri compromise in the pro-
viso; for I gave no particular attention to its read-
ing, and did not then think of addressing the
House; but I state this, and am ready to stand by
it: If I believed there was any disposition on the
part of the majority of this House to act on the
subjcct of Kansas, with a view to bring it to a
conclusion, and that the Senate would concur, I
would go for fixing a limitation or qualification
on the resolution of adjournment, if that would
accomplish it, of the nature of the one proposed
by the gentleman from Indiana. I do not speak
particularly in reference to the Missouri compro-
mise; but I do know and speak this: I believe a
majority of this House would pass a bill with
that provision in it, but only with a knowledge
that the Senate would reject it. At the same
time I am of the opinion that the Senate would
in the same way send their bill here. I have
myself prepared a bill which I have no doubt
would pass the Senate, which it seems to me
steers clear of prejudices in the North and in the
South. It does justice, I believe, on all hands,
and secures what moderate and reasonable men
desire or will be satisfied with.
It provides, in substance and in brief, for com-
missioners to take charge of the whole subject of
an election in Kansas; for an enumeration of the
inhabitants; for a new apportionment for a new
Legislative Assembly; for a registration of the
voters; for a return and registration and right to
vote of those who have been driven out, or have
left on account of the difficulties there; for a
repeal of the obnoxious laws in regard to the
right of speech and discussion there; for holding
an election in November next for a new Territo-
rial Legislature, and a Delegate here. It disannuls
the old or present Legislature, and provides that
every act passed by it shall be of no force what-
ever after the new Legislature shall have been in
session for ten days, unless the new Legislature
approve or reenact them; and I have added,
since it was printed, a provision for discontinuing
and annulling all indictments for treason or other
political offenses, and setting ail prisoners for
such offenses against the alleged laws of the Ter-
ritory free at once. This is but a very brief
statement of its leading features. The Territory
can then go on like other Territories, until she
lias enough population to entitle her to a Repre-
sentative here, when I provide for her forming
a constitution and coming into the Union as a
State. This would be regular and in order; and
no rational man here, or elsewhere, can doubt
what her institutions would be under such a state
of things.
But 1 have no idea this House will, or intend
to, take up this or any similar measure which
would stand a reasonable chance to pass both
Houses, and receive the executive approval. It
will only take up and pass some extreme meas-
ure which it is known will never become a law
for want of consent from the other branch of Con-
gress. 1 say this, imputing no personal disrespect
to any gentleman here. 1 am speaking of their
politics. I am looking at things as they present
themselves in their political aspects here—and
such are the evidences 1 see about me. They are
in hot haste to vote before they get the evidence;
and they are ready to drop the subject the
