1856.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1695
moment they get the necessary information to act
upon it. Am I not justified in saying, that up to
this day such is the evidence of the disposition of
a majority of this House in regard to Kansas?
Mr. GREENWOOD. Mr. Speaker 
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio. Will the gentle-
man from Arkansas permit me to say a word ?
Mr. GREENWOOD. For one word.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I desire, to understand
whether my friend from New York [Mr. Haven]
regards the restoration of the Missouri compro-
mise as an extreme measure ?
Mr. GREENWOOD. The gentlemen are get-
ting into politics.
Mr. HAVEN. I will answer the gentleman.
Mr. A. It. MARSHALL. I object to the
discussion. [Cries of " No!" "No!"]
Mr. HAVEN. I would like to answer the
gentleman from Ohio, if allowed to do so.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman cannot do
bo unless by the unanimous consent of the House.
Mr. A. K. MARSHALL. I object.
Mr. HAVEN. Cannot I do so if objection is
made ?
The SPEAKER. It can be done only by
unanimous consent.
Mr. A. K. MARSHALL. I withdraw my
objection.
Mr. HAVEN. I knew that gentleman would
desire to hear the answer. What I did say, and
what I believe to be true, and what I believe the
country will find will turn out to be true, is this—
whether it is an extreme measure or not, it is a
measure which will never go through the present
Senate, for the present Senate set the country in
a blaze to repeal it. The majority of the House, I
think, know it will never go through the Senate;
and they know, that to pass a bill with that pro-
vision in it here would be making the Senate an
offer which they know it will most certainly re-
ject, and Kansas, as I said, be left to bleed.
Mr. MEACHAM. I rise to a question of
order. It is that a gentleman has no right to rise
and address the House, and during his whole
speech impugn the motives of other members of
the House, as the gentleman from New York
[Mr. Haven] has done.
The SPEAKER. The point of order comes
too late.
Mr. GREENWOOD. I had nothing to do,
sir, with the question of order raised by the gen-
tleman from Vermont. I understood, however,
the gentleman from New York especially to dis-
claim any intention to impute any improper mo-
tive in regard to any gentleman's vote.
The SPEAKER. The Chair did not under-
stand the gentleman from New York as making
any imputation upon the motive of any gentle-
man.
Mr. HAVEN. I disclaimed in the beginning
any intention of impugning the motives of any
gentleman. I never do that, and my friend from
Vermont knows it.
Mr. GREENWOOD. I regret to see so much
excitement in the House simply upon a proposi-
tion to fix a day of adjournment. Gentlemen
who have charge of important bills have detailed
their condition, and I shall not attempt to do so.
But gentlemen who have observed the course of
business in this House during preceding sessions
are fully aware, as the gentleman fiom New York
has said, that until you do fix a day for adjourn-
ment, it is impossible for the House to come
seriously to the consideration of appropriation
bills. I am aware, sir, of the responsibility
which the gentleman from Ohio feels resting upon
liis shoulders, as chairman of the Committee of
Ways and Means. I am aware of the import-
ance of his position, and I know he feels the
importance of it; but the experience of that gen-
tleman in this House will tell him that it is im-
possible, until almost the very last days of the
session, to get the attention of the House to those
bills. My experience has been, that if we fix the
day of ad journment at such a day as will nofallow
time sufficient for the transaction of the neces-
sary business of the House, we shall not fail to
get more time from the Senate than is allowed by
the resolution fixing the day of adjournment. 1 he
Senate have never failed, when the time fixed was
about exhausted, to allow two or three more days
whenever they have been asked to do so. I im-
agine that will be the case now.
I am of opinion that three weeks from this day
—the time fixed by the resolution for the adjourn-
ment—is sufficient for all practical purposes. We
have to-day agreed to meet hereafter at eleven
o 'clock until otherwise ordered; and if we adopt
the resolution of the Senate fixing the adjourn-
ment on the 11th of August, I am willing to vote
for a resolution fixing the daily hour of meeting
at ten o'clock, and to sit here as longas any other
gentleman. But, sir, in ord*r to meet the views
of every gentleman—although, as I have said, I
am in favor of the Senate resolution—I desire to
offer an amendment such as will accommodate
those who differ with me. Would it be in order
for me now to offer an amendment to the'amend-
ment of the gentleman from Ohio?
The SPEAKER. It would be in order.
Mr. GREENWOOD. I propose, then, to
amend by inserting "the 18th day of August,"
in lieu of the " 2d day of September." That will
be four weeks from to-day; and in putting this
question, I presume the question will be taken on
the longest time first, and then on the shorter
time. The three days—the 2d of September, 18th
of August, and 11th of August—will be sufficient
to enable every gentlemen to choose such a time
as will suit him. I move the previous ques-
tion.
Mr. GIDDINGS. May I ask the gentleman
from Arkansas to withdraw his demand for the
previous question a moment? I will renew it.
[Cries of " No !" " No !"J
Mr. GREENWOOD. I dislike to be discour-
teous. I scarcely ever call the previous question
at all. The gentleman from Indiana [Mr. Dunn]
desires to say a word or two to the House, and
if the gentleman from Ohio will renew the de-
mand, or yield the floor to the gentleman from
Indiana, who will do it, I will withdraw the de-
mand.
Mr. GIDDINGS. It is not my purpose to de-
tain the House more than a few minutes. I will
say here very frankly that if we were to restore
the former practice of meeting at ten o'clock and
adjourning at six o'clock, we might as well bring
the session to a close m two weeks hence, as in
two months. Formerly, when we approached the
close of a session, we met at ten o'clock; had a
recess for an hour and a half, and usually sat till
six or seven. That was, however, when old
men held seats here, and not young men who are
incapable of action. [Laughter.]
Now, Mr. Speaker, I propose to these men
who are now young, that when they are tired
they may go home and leave us old fellows to go
on with the business. For my part, I am ready
to sit here eight hours a day till we close the
business, and close it handsomely. We can close
it, then, as well in two weeks as we can m two
months. There was to-day, at four o'clock, a
motion to adjourn, and we usually adjourn before
tliat time. This practice was not known in
former times. Let me say here, sir, that the
committees have all disposed of their business.
Comparatively little is to be done, except in the
House. There may be some business before the
House, but all the committees are now compara-
tively free from business.
If, then, we meet at ten o'clock, we can, if gen-
tlemen please, have a recess for an hour or so, and
can then sit here eight hours a day just as well
as we can four hours.
Mr. ALLISON. How did members dine m
those days ?
Mr. GIDDINGS. The gentleman wants to
know how we usually dined. I would tell him
if I thought it was any use, and I would advise
him to pattern after us. [Laughter.] But, Mr.
Speaker, I am not aware that the hour of dming
is a question for gentlemen sent here to do the
business of the country. Sir, the business of the
country shall not be neglected for my dining; for
I shall remain here, even though the young men
from Pennsylvania go home to dinner. We are
either in earnest about doing business, or we are
not. We ought to sit here at least till six o'clock;
and if I could bring about a vote for that purpose,
I would have a rule declaring it out of order to
move to adjourn before six o'clock.
Mr. JOKES, of Tennessee. I wish to inquire
of the gentleman from Ohio when it was the cus-
tom of the House of Representatives to meet at
ten and sit till six o'clock?
Mr GIDDINGS. In 1840, 1842, and 1844.
Mr. JONES. It was not so in 1844, to my
certain knowledge. The House must have quitted
it before 1844.
Mr. GIDDINGS. My friend says the House
quitted it in 1844. If so, it was When such men
as he came in here. [Laughter.]
Mr. JONES. I do not think it ever was the
custom, only for a few days at the close of the
session.
Mr. GIDDINGS. We can dispose of every
bill on the table—of the appropriation bills, and
of the bills to which the gentleman from New
York [Mr. Haven] refers, in reference to Kan-
sas—in two or three weeks, just as Well as if we
sat here for as many months. And now, I say,
let us meet here at a proper hour, and sit till a
proper hour; and let the whole country know
who it is that moves an adjournment before that
time, and who will not come up and do the busi-
ness.
One word,now,in reply to my friend fromBuf-
falo—I mean from New York, [Mr. Havek.] He
undertakes to tell us what will be done, while, in
the very same.breath,he tells us how we have act-
ed before we had any evidence on which to predi-
cate our action; and how, when we had the
evidence, we neglected to act. Now, I would
judge the gentleman by his own rale. He says
we ought to do—what? We ought not to do
that which is right, or undo that which is wrong,
until we see whether the Senate will cooperate
with us. I want the gentleman to tdl me whether
he acts in conformity with right, or in confor-
mity with the Senate ?
Mr. HAVEN. I could answer the gentleman
from Ohio in the same vein; but I rather think
that he himself believes that I have always en-
deavored to do right. I act exactly as I believe
to be right; and when I cannot get other men to
go up to what I believe to be right—to do all that
I think to be right—I will abate a little, rather
than that my fellow-citizens in Kansas should
bleed while I go to the country on an offer in
which I am not sincere.
Mr. GIDDINGS. I regret that the gentleman
and myself have been separated so much as we
have been during the present session. I regret
that the gentleman has been waiting all the ses-
sion to find out what was right, and what wrong.
I believe that during the election of Speaker, he
did not know exactly where he was. [Laughter.]
He did not know whether this side was right and
the other side wrong; but he wanted to stay
somewhere half way between both. He now gets
into a different position. He is not certain
whether the House ought to do a certain some-
thing, which the Senate will not do. Instead of
asking himself, "Is it right? is it just? is it
proper?" he sets up before himself and us the
bugbear of the Senate. I do not care what the
Senate will do. I will do what I believe to be
right, although the heavens should fall; and if the
Senate do not agree to what the House deems to
be right, the responsibility rests with the Senate,
not the House.
Mr. HAVEN. I would ask the gentleman if
he is willing to adjourn, and leave the bill to
admit Kansas as a free State, which passed the
House, and was sent to the Senate, where it
stands ?
Mr. GIDDINGS. _ I will do what I think
right; and if a right bill comes, I will vote for it,
and if wrong, I will vote against it. I will not
hesitate because I think there may be a majority
against me, but will vote steadily in the way
which I think proper and right.
Mr. HAVEN. Then the gentleman and I
will vote to take up that bill.
Mr. GIDDINGS. I cannot agree to go with
the gentleman until he pledges himself not to
look to the Senate, like the sinner, who looks
over the shoulder, to see if the devil is not
behind him. [Laughter.] But let him come up
and do that which is right and proper.
I wish to say now, that I desire the gentleman
from Arkansas [Mr. Greenwood] to withdraw
his proposed amendment to the amendment.
Let us vote for the adjournment ill three weeks.
For my part, I would vote for it in two weeks,
if I had the control of business myself. But so
long as I see gentlemen in favor of three weeks,
I wish that gentleman to let it stand at three
weeks. I want to know, distinctly, whether I
understood the gentleman from Arkansas to^ put
me under a pledge to call the previous question ?
