1696
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 22.
Mr. GREENWOOD. I did, sir; but as the
gentleman from Indiana [Mr. Donn] promises,
if he can get the floor, to renew the call, I will
relieve the gentleman from Ohio of the responsi-
bility.
Mr. GIDDINGS. Then I resign it into the
hands of the gentleman from Indiana.
Mr. DUNN then submitted some remarks,
which are withheld, at his request, for revision.
He concluded by renewing the demand for the
previous question.
Mr. ALLISON. Mr. Speaker, I rise to a ques-
tion of order. When the gentleman from New
York was in possession of the floor, he yielded
to me to submit an amendment, that instead of
the 2d of September, the adjournment shall take
place on the 26th of August. I thought my mo-
tion was entered and pending before the House,
but it seems that it is not. On inquiry of the
Clerk, I find the amendment is not entered. The
Speaker recognized me, and 1 moved the amend-
ment. It was received, so far as I could know,
and I submit whether it is not before the House?
The SPEAKER. The Chair did not under-
stand the gentleman to submit an amendment.
Mr. ALLISON. I moved it in a distinct voice.
Gentlemen around me are aware of the fact. 1
thought the amendment was entered on the
Journal. It was in that belief that I took my
seat. There was no objection made to my amend-
ment at the time.
The SPEAKER. When the gentleman rose,
the gentleman from New York was entitled to
the floor. The Chair did not understand that
the gentleman wished to move an amendment;
and no amendment was received or stated to the
House.
Mr. H. MARSHALL. If the House adjourns
will not this question come up to-morrow?
ThoSPIiAKER. The House having suspended
the rules for the introduction of the resolution,
it will retain its place before the House until dis-
posed of.
Mr. LEITER. I move to lay the whole sub-
ject on the table.
Mr. H. MARSHALL. I move that the House
adjourn.
fhe question was taken; and the motion to
adjourn was disagreed to.
The question recurring on Mr. Leiter's mo-
tion, it was taken, and rejected.
Mr. McdUEEN moved that the House ad-
journ.
The motion was disagreed to.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question was ordered to be put.
Mr. IX. MARSHALL moved that the House
adjourn.
The motion was disagreed to.
The question now being on the amendment
proposed by Mr. Greenwood to the amendment
of Mr. Campbell, of Ohio, viz., to strike out
"2d of September," and insert m lieu thereof,
" 18th of August," :
Mr. CAMPBELL demanded the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered. I
Mr. McMULLIN moved that the House ad-1
journ.
Mr. II. MARSHALL demanded tellersonthe
motion.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. McMulun,
and Dayis of Massachusetts, were appointed.
The question was taken; and the tellers re-
ported—ayes 71, noes 6U.
Mr. MATTESON called for the yeas and nays,
anil demanded tellers upon the yeas and nays.
tellers were not ordered; and the yeas and
nays were not ordered.
So the motion was agreed to; and thereupon
(at five o'clock and ten minutes) the Ilouse ad-
journed until to-morrow at eleven o'clock, a. m.
IN SENATE.
Tuesday, July 22, IS.jG.
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. Henry C.Deak.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
petitions and memorials. !
. presented three petitions of citi-!
lzens of Wisconsin, praying for a grant of public !
lands to aid in the construction of the Milwaukee, 1
Horicon, and Lake Superior rail road; which were !
referred to the Committee on Public Lands. i
Mr. SEBASTIAN presented the petition of
Jacob Moonhouse, chief of the Munsee tribe of
Indians, in the Territory of Kansas, praying that
the arrearages of the annuities due those Indians
may be paid, and that provision may be'made by
law for the annual payment of the said annuities;
which was referred to the Committee on Indian
Affairs.
Mr. JONES, of Iowa, presented a memorial of
the Legislature of Iowa, praying for an extension
of the western boundary line of the State of Iowa
to the Missouri river; and that the Indian title to
the lands embraced by such extension may be
extinguished; which was read, referred to the
Committee on Territories, and ordered to be
printed.
Mr. BRIGHT presented the petition of John
W. Salyer, a soldier in the war of 1812, praying
to be allowed a pension for an injury received in
the service; which was referred to the Committee
on Pensions.
Mr. MALLORY. I present a petition of cit-
izens of the city of Jacksonville, Florida, pray-
ing for an appropriation for removing obstruc-
tions in the channel between the St. John's and
Nassau rivers, in that State, caused by the wreck
of a United States mail steamer therein. This is
a very important matter; and while Congress is
appropriating money for improvements of this
character, I know of none in my section of the
country more worthy. I move that the petition
be refeired to the Committee on Commerce, and
I hope they will give it favorable considera-
tion.
The motion was agreed to.
reports from committees.
Mr. ALLEN, from the Committee on Agricul-
ture, who were instructed by a resolution of the
Senate to inquire into the expediency of making
an appropriation for the importation of seed sugar
cane for gratuitous distribution to the sugar plant-
ers of the United States, submittedarepoVt; which
was ordered to be printed.
Mr. BELL, of Tennessee. The Committee
on Naval Affairs, to whom was referred the
memorial of Washington A. Bartlett, late a lieu-
tenant of the Navy of the United States, have
directed me to make a report, which 1 send to the
Chair, and move that it be printed. I will state,
for the information of gentlemen who may take
any particular interest in this subject, tli.it the
papers are somewhat voluminous, and the report
is made up chiefly of an abstractof the substance
of the evidence end its application to two or three
particular charges. We do not propose to move
to print anything but the report, which contains
the substance of the evidence. We have all the
minutes of the proceedings of the examination
before the committee, and all the other papers in
order, so that they may be printed if the Senate
desires it. I propose now simply to have the
report printed.
The report was ordered to be printed,
j On motion, of Mr. JONES, of Iowa, it was
Ordered, That the Committee on Public Lands tie dis-
charged from tile further consideration ot the bill (S. No.
8) to extend the western boundary ot the State of Iowa to
the Missouri river, and that it be referred to the Uommittce
on Territories.
iron structures.
Mr. SEWARD presented the following reso-
lution; which was considered by unanimous con-
sent, and agreed to:
Resolved, That tile Committee on Manufactures inquire
conceiinii? the extent to which ironmav be substitute for
wood, stone, and brick, in public buildings of the United
States.
post routes in iowa*
Mr. JONES, of Iowa, submitted the following
resolution; which was considered by unanimous
consent, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee on the Post Office and
I o-1 Roads he instructed to inquire into the of
establishing a post route from Waterloo, in Eiack Hawk
county, to Eidoiado, in Hardin county, Iowa.
adjournment sine die.
A message was received from the House of Rep-
resentatives, by Mr. Barclay, Assistant Clerk,
announcing that the House of Representatives !
had agreed to the resolution of the Senate fixing !
a day for the adjournment of Congress, with an |
amendment; in which they requested the concur- I
rence of the Senate. j
The amendment of the House substituted the
18th for the 11th day of August.
The Senate concurred in the amendment.
pay op members of congress.
Mr. BUTLER. I ask the unanimous consent
of the Senate to introduce a bill; and I will state
in a very few words its purport. I have observed
that protracted per diem sessions are becoming
great evils, and a source of great expense to the
country. I propose in this bill to allow to every
member of Congress $3,000 for every regular
session, and for every extra session to allow him
the pay which he now receives, and twenty cents
a mile for going to and returning from home.
There being no objection, leave was granted to
introduce the bill (S. No. 398) to regulate the com-
pensation of members of Congress; which waa
read the first time.
Mr. COLLAMER. Let it be read through.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It will be read,
the second time if there be no objection.
The bill was read a second time.
message from the house.
A message from the House of Representatives
announced the passage by that body of a bill (H.
R. No. 472) for the relief of Louis Hembert.
order of business.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The unfin-
ished business of yesterday is the bill (S. No.
89) for continuing the improvement of the harbor
at Racine, Wisconsin.
Mr. HUNTER. That does not come up in
the morning hour.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It is the un-
finished business of yesterday, and if there be no
other business it will be taken up.
Mr. HUNTER. I understood that the bill in
regard to the guano islands was laid over until
the morning hour of to-day.
Mr. SEWARD. My intention was to have
that bill considered this morning; but the honor-
able Senator from Virginia, [Mr. Mason,] the
colleague of the gentleman on the floor, gave no-
tice yesterday that the bill concerning the protec-
tion of the guano islands would be brought up
this morning; and 1 suppose he will be here in a
moment. We are waiting for him. There isan
understanding between him and myself that that
bill shall have precedence, and then I shall call
up the others. I prefer to go on with the internal
improvement bills until he comes in.
Mr. HUNTER. I think the morning hour
should be given to the morning business. At
one o'clock we propose to dispose of the Sound
dues question, and then we can take up the river
and harbor bill. I think that was the arrange-
ment yesterday.
Mr. SEWARD. We were not to take up the
Sound dues question, but the guano islands bill.
Mr. HUNTER. I supposed that we were to
take up the Sound dues first,
Mr. CLAYTON. Why not go on with the
guano bill now '
Mr. BE WARD. We are waiting for the
chairman of the Committee on Foreign Relations.
Mr. CLAYTON. But if no opposition be made
we may go through with the bill at once.
Mr. HUNTER. I think we had better take
it up.
Mr. CLAYTON. I do not anticipate any ob-
jection to it.
discoverers of guano islands.
Mr. HUNTER. I move to take up the bill
(S. No. 339) to authorize protection to be given
to citizens of the United States who may discover
deposits of guano.
. The motion was agreed to; and the Senate, as
in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to con-
sider the bill, which had been reported from the
Committee on h'oreign Relations, with an amend-
ment to strike out all after the enacting clause,
and insert the following:
That, whenever the President of the United States shall
have received satisfactory information that any citizen
or citizen; of the United States have discovered a deposit
Oi guano on any island, or other territory, not within the
1 iwiui jurisdiction of any other Government, the said island
or territory may, at the discretion of the Viesidentof the
United States, bo con.-uieied as appertaining to tiiC United
states lor the li t1 and hehool ot the d;-cov>;rcr oi dsscov-
creis, ami in., or their a-'-ign.s, anrl may, at like diaoietion,
bo taken possession of in the name of me United States,
with all the nece=fary formalities.
