THE
- fSfA
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN C. RIVES, WASHINGTON, !). C.T
Thirty-Fourth Congress, 1st Session.
WEDNESDAY, JULY 23, 1856.
New Series.,...No. 107.,
Sec.2. J!tndbett further enacted, That, in order that the
said discoverer or discoverers, or his or their assigns, may
receive proper protection in their rights, and at the same
tune be restrained from imposing onerous burdens on the
consumers of.guano, they shall enter into bonds, with such
tibft&Ities and securities as may be required by the Presi-
dent, to deliver the s&to guano to citizens of the United
States, at said islands or other territory, on board vessels of
the United States, at a price not exceeding $12 per ton, and
to provide all necessary facilities'for that purpose.
, 'Sec. 3. Jtnd be it further enacted, That the importation of
said guano into any port of the United States shall be upon
tlie.same footing as the importation of articles from one port
of the United States into any other port of the United States.
Sec. 4. -And be it further enacted, That nothing in this
act contained shall he construed obligatory on the United
States to retain possession of the islands or territory as
aforesaid, for the said discoverer or discoverers, or assigns,
or for the United States, after the guano shall have been
removed from the same.
Sec. 5. Jlnd be it further enacted. That the President of
the United States is hereby authorized, at his discretion, to
employ the land and naval forces of the United States to
protect the rights of the s>aLd discoverer or discoverers, or
their assigns, as aforesaid.
Sec. 6. Jindbc it further enacted, That until otherwise
provided by law, all acts done, and offenses or crimes com-
mitted, on every such island or territory by persons who
may land tiiereon, or m the waters adjacent thereto, shall
be held and deemed to have been done or committed on the
high seas, on board a merchant ship or vessel belonging to
the United States, and be punished according to the laws
of tbe United States relating to such ships or vessels and
offenses on the high seas; which laws, for the puipoaes
•foresaid, are hereby extended to and over such islands or
territory.
Mi*. MASON. In conference with the Senator
iro>m New York, [Mr. Fish,] who has given a
good deal of ^attention to the subject, 1 have as-
sented to his proposition to modify some of the
clauses, with a view to make the bill large enough
in its provisions to include any future discovery,
if such there should be, of guano islands. I will
now present them to the Senate, so as to put the
bill in the condition in which wc desire it to pass.
Then any Senator who wishes to offer an amend-
ment will have an opportunity to do so. It is
proposed to strike out the first section of the
pcinted substitute, and insert in lieu of it:
That when any citizen or citizens of the United States
may have discovered a deposit of guano on any island,
rock, or key,notwithin the lawful jurisdiction of any other
Government, and not occupied by the citizens of any other
Government, and shall take peaceable possession thereof,
and occupy the same, saidisland, rock, or key, may, at the
discretion of the President of the United States, be consid-
ered as appertaining to the United States, for the use and
behoof of such discoverer or discoverers, or of their as-
signs, being citizens of the United States: Provided, how-
ever, That notice be given by such discoverer, or discov-
erers, as soon as practicable, to the State Department of the
United States, of such discovery, occupation, and posses-
sion, verified by affidavit, describing said island, rock, or
key, and the latitude and longitude thereof, as near as may
be, and showing that such possession was taken m the
name of the United States; and that satisfactory evjdence
be furnished to the State Department that sach island,
rock, or key, was not, at the time of the discovery thereof,
or the taking possession and occupancy thereof by the
claimants, in the possession or occupation of any other
Government, or of the citizens of any other Government.
SEWARD. I ask the Senator whether
it is retroactive? It is clear that the words,
" may have discovered," make the provision
retroactive as well as prospective.
Mr. MASON. I should think it was both
prospective and retroactive.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore* Does the Sen-
ator offer that as an amendment to the amend-
ment of the committee ?
Mr. MASON. Yes, sir—as a substitute for
the first section of the committee's amendment.
Mr. CLAYTON. I ask the chairman whether
it would not be better to add after the words,
" may have discovered," the words, " or shall
hereafter discover ?"
Mr, MASON. I have no objection to that.
I accept the modification.
Mr. HUNTER. If I understand this amend-
ment, it proposes to give the property in per-
petuity to the discoverer, and he may then
charge what lie pleases for the guano.
Mr. MASON. There is a subsequent clause
in relation to the price.
Mr. HUNTER. ^ I thought this was a substi-
tute for the whole bill.
Mr. MASON. It is a substitute for the first
section of the committee's amendment only.
107
Mr. CLAYTON. I think there is nothing in
the bill which obliges this Government to assume
other duties than those which are devolved on it
by the general principles of international law.
I take it for granted that the Government is
bound to take proper care of these discoveries.
This bill carries out what I suppose to be the
general principle of law, and explains to the
people of the country the duties of the Govern-
ment whenever any one of these islands, shall be
discovered; and, as far as I am able to understand
it, it does not go at all beyond the general law
on the subject. I am decidedly in favor of it.
Guano has become a very valuable fertilizer. 1
have seen what purports to be an analysis of.
some guano from a lately discovered island, and
it is composed chiefly of the phosphate and sul-
phate of lime. These arc very valuable fertili-
zers, and different from the Peruvian or Chincha
island guano. It is said to contain a great deal
of ammonia, but nothing like the proportion of
ammonia to be found in the Peruvian guano.
Still the greater amount of phosphates to be
found in this must make it,for many soils, a very
valuable fertilizer.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. MASON. In the second section, to make
it conform in its phraseology to the amendment
just adopted, I propose, in the second line, after
the word "assigns," to insert, " being citizens
of the United States;" and again, in the seventh
line, after the word " island," to insert the words,
" rocks or keys; "and also, in the seventh, eighth,
and ninth lines, to strike out " at said islands or
other territory on board of vessels of the United
States at a price not exceeding twelve dollars a
ton," and to insert (that which my colleague had
his attention drawn to about the price) this
provision:
At a price not exceeding, for the best quahty, six (lol-
lars per ton m its native place of deposit, or ton dollars per
ton alongside in proper tubs within leach of the slnp'8
tackles, at the option of the purchaser.
I may say that this matter of regulating the
maximum price which the company shall be
allowed to charge was one from necessity of ex-
ceeding difficulty, because of the small material or
information which the committee had, or I, as a
Senator, had, in order to form any judgment of
what would be a fair remuneration to them, and
at the same time not amount to extortion upon
the consumer. The subject also engaged the very
earnest attention of the honorable Senator from
New York, [Mr. Fish,] to whom I have been
indebted for the amendments that have been sug-
gested now; and I think it met our joint appro-
bation to try the measure in the form in which it
is presented.
Mr. PISH. Yes, sir.
Mr. MASON. The ship-owners and ship-
masters who go there to rcceive the guano, under
the provision of the amendment, will have it in
their power either to load the ships themselves,
or at their option to have them loaded by the
company. If they load the ships themselves,
they are to pay, as a seniorage for the privilege
of taking it, the price of six dollars per ton. If
they are loaded by the company, they are to pay
a price not exceeding ten dollars per ton. It is
a very difficult subject, I am free to admit, on
which to form any judgment so as to place the
proper limits on the profits to be earned by this
company, and at the same time not to deter capi-
talists from embarking in it. I have thought, and
still entertain the opinion, that in the present
form it will be most likely to secure both.
Mr. HALE. Mr. President, I am in favor of
protecting the rights of American citizens at home
and abroad, on land and sea; but I hope the Com-
mittee on Foreign Relations, if this bill comes
from them, will assign some reason to the Senate
why there is to be a special rule laid down in
rotation to guano islands. The rights of dis-
covery of American ci'izons to lands heretofore
undiscovered,! suppose,are regulated by the law
of nations; and the Government will undoubtedly
enforce, at all times, the rights of discovery of any
of its citizens to any, undiscovered land which
they may discover. What 1 would like to know
is, why a special rule.is endeavored to be inserted-
here, by way of this act of Congress, in relation
to guano islands? Unless, that explanation be
given, and some good reason be assigned why-
there is to be a special provision in. this case, I
must vote against the Sill, and leave the §uano
islands on the same basis as all other undiscov-
ered islands. , .
Mr. CLAYTON. The honorable. Senator as-
sumes, as a sound position, that the Government
is bound to protect its citizens in. the discovery
of an island of any description, or territory any-
where . I think the Government is under no such
obligation. The Government may decide whether
it will or will not protect a discovery made b-y: a
citizen. A different doctrine would involve us m
a great deal of trouble. Now, the reason .why
the Committee on Foreign Relations, as I under-
stand, have chosen to say, in regard to the dis-
coverers of guano islands, that they shall have
the protection which this bill extends to them, is
because we consider such discoveries beneficial
to the public. It can afford to give the protection
on due consideration of the advantages-to the
agricultural interests which these. island^
furnish. That is the distinction between (Jii-s and
the other case. I should, by no means say that
this Government was under an obligation to pro-
tect any and every right tit discovery.
Mr. TOOMBS. 1 do not think the Senator
from Delaware answers the point of the Senator
from New Hampshire, if I understand it, by any
means. I understand him, and fully concur with
him in that view, to say the discoveries of citi-
zens of the United States, by the law of nations,
inure to the sovereign—to the Government. It
by no means follows that, because a citizen of
this or any other country discovers an island or
a continent, the island or the continent belongs
to the discoverer. By the universal law of .na-
tions, it belongs to the nation under whose flag" it
was discovered. That has been the rule of public
lawahvays. Therefore, when an American citizen
makes a valuable discovery, of aguano island
or a continent, the sovereignty of that island or
continent, if we choose to assume it, belongs to
the United States, and the soil, belongs to the
United States—all of it—and the deposits. £
think it would be much better to leave this mat-
ter under the general law of nations. I see no
reason why this universal rule of the law of na-
tions should be departed from. If persons have
gone on under the protection of the flag of the
United States, and have made discoveries of
islands before unknown, and the discovery was
very valuable to the nation, and of a peculiar
kind like this, it might be proper for the Govern-
ment to make compensation to the discoverers;
but it is certainly against the settled principle of
the law of nations, from the beginning of the
world, that the discovery should inure to the ben-
efit of the individual discoverer. That is the prin-
ciple which I take it the Senator from New-
Hampshire laid down, and it is a sound one,
maintained by all the publicists.
Mr. SEWARD. Mr. President, I had the
honor to submit the original bill on this subject,
and perhaps it may be proper for me to explain
the object which I had then in view, and which
is carried out more effectually by the provisions
of the bill as proposed to* be amended by the
Committee on Foreign Relations.
It is within a very recent period that guano, as
a fertilizer, has become known, demanded, and
used in the Uni ted States. It is the best fertilizer
that is available which is -now known. Our sup-
plies of it are chiefly from the islands belonging
to the Republic of Peru. Every one knows that,
while it has become actually necessary as a fer-
tilizer, especially for worn out lands, it has be-
rame exceedingly expensive—the State of Peru
having practically a monopoly among the nations
over this great article of commerce. The costof
guano at the Peruvian islands is thirty (Jollars a
ton. The cost of the same article delivered at
