824
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 4,
cjuestion of jurisdiction over the law and the facts
involved in claims against the Government. All
■petitions on the subject of a tariff, prioK-to about
1846 or 1842, were referred to the Committee on
Manufactures, because, up to that period in the
history of the Government, the idea prevailed
that the tariff must be adjusted with reference
to the protection of our manufactures. A prac-
tical test was made when the revenue standard
was established, and the motion made to refer the
matter to the Ways and Means. It prevailed;
and all petitions now relating to that subject are
referred to the Committee of Ways and Means—
the very change of reference indicating that the
intention of the Hcuse was revenue, and not
protection. Now, if this House means to give
finality to the decisions of the Court of Claims,
it will refuse to refer its reports to the Committee
on Claims, and surrender its jurisdiction to that
extent. The motion now pending is to refer to
the Committee of the Whole, which is a conces-
sion, at least, of jurisdiction by a committee; but
the point made, I understand, is to limit this
jurisdiction of the committee, and appropriate the
money,without investigation, to pay its decrees,
the motion now pending being, that all reports
from the Committee on Claims shall be immedi-
ately put upon the Private Calendar of this House,
and not go to any standing committee whatever;
and that in Committee of the Whole House the
law and the facts are to be regarded as finally
settled by the court.
The action of the House will therefore determ-
ine that significant fact, and that I object to.
When the subject of the establishment of this
Court of Claims came up in the last Congress, a
motion was made to refer it to the Committee on
the Judiciary. It was objected to, on the ground
that it involved no judicial questions; but that,as
this court was to assume jurisdiction of cases,
which up to that period of time had been referred
to the Committee on Claims, and to that com-
mittee alone, the House overruled the motion,
and it was referred to the Committee on Claims.
It will easily be observed, then, by gentlemen, if
they will give it their attention, that this Court of
Claims has not jurisdiction over a single subject
which is not jnst so much abstracted from the
Committee on Claims. Every single case pend-
ing in that court, sent from Congress, which has
been referred to it, is just so much abstracted
from that committee—not from the Committee on
the Judiciary, nor from any other committee; and
the design of the act was, that the court should
be auxiliary to Congress, through the regular
medium of its standing committees, and not a
court in the last resort, with final jurisdiction,
even as to law and fact. I will not say what
would have been its influence upon the House, if
that bill had come to this House from any other
committee; but it came here under the sanction
of the Committee on Claims, who asked its crea-
tion, as an important auxiliary to the committee
in eliminating law and facts for their guidance and
instruction; but never to the exclusion of the su-
pervision of the committee even of the law and the .
facts submitted. As a member of this House, I
never can—never will surrender that jurisdiction,
when I see proper to oxercisc it. I yield to none
in respect for or confidence in, the court as now
established; its decrecs would probably lead me
in most cases. 1 should hardly be inclined to
look behind the judgment, but the power to do so
I will never surrender. It is tlie principle for
which I contend; and my desire to sustain the
court leads me to this debate; for, if it departs, at
least early with an assumed prerogative, its days
are numbered.
If it be the will of the House that a court shall
bo established to settle the facts and law which
shall govern the case, and then allow the Com-
mittee on Claims to exercise a sort of supervis-
ory power over the whole, the Court of Claims '
will be beneficial in facilitating business, guarding !
the House against imposition on the one hand, j
and from doing injustice to claimants on the i
other. It was presented to the House in that i
view, and it was passed by a two-third vote. We I
hear no more of it until tlie opening of this Con- j
gress, when a few weeks ago the court made !
sundry reports to Congress; one copy sent to '
the Senate and one copy to this House. Irame- I
diately on its presentation in the Senate, a motion !
was made to refer it to the Committee on Claims. !
and it passed without a dissenting voice. But a
motion is instantly made on presentation in this
House to dispense with the usual reference to the
standing committee, and place it on the Private
Calendar, where of course it is never to receive
special investigation of any kind,and for which
no one is to be responsible. Another motion was
made to refer it to the Committee on the Judiciary.
Why? Is it the object of the gentleman who
made the motion to avoid an investigation or an
examination of it by the Committee on Claims?
Do gentlemen desire, by referring it to the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary, to make it a judicial
question of paramount importance to legislative
inquiry, and to make the decision of the court
hinding and final? If they do, let them refer it
to the Committee of Ways and Means at once,
for they have no jurisdiction on this construction
but to report a bill to pay the money. If it goes
to the Committee on the Judiciary, the simple
question is as to its consistency with the Con-
stitution of the United States and the laws of
the land. If it is sent to the Committee on Claims
they will go behind the record to ascertain whether
the principles upon which the decisions were made
are sound, constitutional, legal, and in strict con-
formity with the settled principles and policy of
the Government in the liquidation of claims against
it.
I do not propose, Mr. Speaker, to say anything
more. I merely designed to explain this matter,
and to ask for the deliberate judgment of the
House upon it. I say to the House that this is
the beginning. Whatever direction you give
these reports now will be given to all similar
reports hereafter. The question will not arise
again. Being a member of the Committee on
Claims, I wish it to be distinctly understood that
I,forone,donot covet the labor. I arn influen ced
by no desire of that kind. If the House only
intelligently examines the question and exercises
its judgment upon it, I shall cheerfully submit to
any direction they may choose to give it, but I
wish the House to look at it and weigh it.
Mr. Q.UJTMAN. Will the gentleman from
Pennsylvania permit me, before he takes his seat,
to inform him that I shall, if his motion fails,
introduce a resolution on this subject, which I
ask to read.
Mr. JONES. Not yet. T wish to make a
remark on another point which may, perhaps, be
raised, and that is this: one objection made is,
that these reports may never come before the
House, because the committee may not be called.
To obviate that, my friend and colleague [Mr.
Ritchie] submits a modification of my motion,
which lias my approval. It is this, that all cases
decided by the Court of Claims, and referred to the
Committee on Claims, may be reported through
the Clerk as a matter of course on every Friday,
so as to be placed on the Private Calendar.
Mr. CLINGMAN. If the gentleman will allow
me, I wish to state this: I understand that my
objection has interposed an obstacle. I think it
is right, and I wish time to examine the matter.
There are many gentlemen in this House who
have apprehensions that the court having adjudi-
cated, the claim may be delayed in the Commit-
tee on Claims for months, waiting for the com-
mittee to have an opportunity to report. That
objection will be obviated by accepting the modi-
fication of my friend from Pennsylvania, which
is simply to this effect: it will be in order for the
Committee on Claims to report all cases coming
from the Court of Claims on each Friday; and
that the Clerk may place them on the Private
Calendar.
Mr. JONES. I merely make this statement
as to its effect. It is not my proposition. It comes
from my friend from Pennsylvania; and if it be
the will of the House to accept it it will be accept-
able to me.
Mr. WARNER. "Was not the Court of Claims
constituted for the specific object of adjudicating
claims? And, if so, is not the judgment of that
court entitled to as much respect as the judgment
of any other court?
Mr. JONES. I will answer my friend from
Georgia with great pleasure, because I know that
he will understand the discrimination which I
shall make. The very question to which he re-
fers was under debate. No gentleman knows
better than he does the distinction between the
reports of masters in chancery and the chancel-
lor's decree. The very point oil which the act
was passed was that that court was not to settle
the law, but to furnish the law; not to settle the
facts, but to give us the facts. Sir, I never for a
moment will recognize the adjudication of any
court, or of any committee, as binding on me as
a member of this House. 1 have not only a right
under the Constitution, but I am under an obli-
gation not to take any decision as binding on me
as a member of this House. My duty is to go
back behind the record and the decisions even of
the highest judicature of the land, to settle my
own judgment as the true exponent of popular
power. I want to state to my friend from Geor-
gia that he is mistaken in the facts. I stated in
the beginning of the debate that I believed that
that bill never would have got a majority in the
House on the construction which the gentleman
from Georgia now supposes it to bear. I stated
distinctly that, in our committee, the bill was in
a minority of at least two; and I could easily
point to gentlemen here who voted for it, but who
never would have voted for it if it were to be
construed as the gentleman from Georgia sup-
poses. The bill was not, that the court should
settle the law, or conclude the questions before
it, but that it should investigate the law and the
facts, and report io the House the reasons for
their action.
The honorable gentleman from Georgia, who
has had large experience, knows that there is
nothing better settled m the courts of law than that
courts need not give reasons for their judgments.
The courts never are required to give reasons for
their judgments; but if the gentleman will look
at the bill he will find that the Court of Claims
is required to give its opinion at length in its
reports, and the reasons for the opinion. Even
when a judgment is taken to a higher court,
you have no right to inquire into the reasons on
which such judgment is based. You take the
judgment on its face, and make up your bill of
exceptions, &c., to the decision of the court, but
never to its reasoning. I beg to direct the atten-
tion of the honorable gentleman from Georgia to
these facts; and I will say to him in good faith.,
that, whether right or wrong, expedient or inex-
pedient, that was the basis on which that bill
passed; and I owe it to the last Congress here in
my place to say so; and no matter what gentle-
men say as to whether the judgment of the court
should be binding, I tell them it never was made
so. The design was that that court, shall ascertain
the law and the facts, and report the law and
the facts, their opinion, and the reasons for their
decision; and such report is to be printed for the
use of the House. Now, sir, why was this? For
the simple reason that it was intended that Con-
gress should investigate and weigh the reasons on
which the court base their decision.
Mr. COBB, of Alabama. And the court has
in all cases given its reasons.
Mr. JONES. Yes; they have given their rea-
sons in every report they have made. There is
another point which arose in the debate on that
bill. The law requires that the brief of the
solicitor for the Government shall be printed and
sent to this House. Now, every gentleman knows
that in a court of justice, on appeal, such a thing
is unknown to the law. But here the law requires,
not only that the court shall state the reasons of
its judgment, but that the brief of the solicitor
shall be printed—for what? Why, to be a guide
for this House in the investigation on the subject,
and to show the ground taken by the representa-
tive of the Government; and then this House,
taking the reasons of the court and the brief of
the solicitor, can form an intelligent judgment on
the case.
Now, sir, this is the whole case. I owed it to
the court—I owed it to the Committee on Claims
—and I owed it to the last House of Representa-
tives—to make this statement. The House can
now dispose of the subject as, in its judgment,
it may see proper. The pending motion I believe
is to refer to a Committee of the AVhole House.
I hope that motion will not bo sustained; and I
now move to refer to the Committee on Claims.
The SPEAKER. The motion will be entered.
Mr. SMITH, of Tennessee. Supposing that
the debate on this subject will consume consid-
erable time, perhaps a week or two, I wish to
inquire whether it would be in order to move that
the rules be suspended, and that the House
