88
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[January 9,
34th Cong....1st Sess.
Organization of the House—Mr. Dowdett.
Ho. of Reps.
started may not be quenched until the temple of
our liberties is burnt up, and the last hope of hu-
manity for freedom is extinguished in the breast
of man, questions are propounded here quite as
impertinent at this time of danger, and calcula-
ted to provoke similar impatience, if not a similar
reply.
Sir, those questions about the extension of the
naturalization laws, and the " corrupting tenden-
cies of the Roman Catholic church," can be de-
cided by our people, and we shall have a decision
at the proper time; and I have no fear that any
party in this country opposed to religious liberty-
will ever be strong enough to control its legisla-
tion. I have no fear that the rights of our fellow-
citizens, native or adopted, or of those who may
hereafter emigrate to this country, will now be
infringed, or that the people of this country will
ever consent to be shackled by any party proposing
to interfere with the rights of conscience, or suffer
the avenues to citizenship, opened by the wisdom
and generosity of our republican fathers to their
oppressed and suffering neighbors across the
ocean, to be blocked up. We have no fear of
tilis—none at all; our apprehensions in this regard
have been entirely remold, after witnessing the
election results of the last few months. A prop-
osition to that effect I understood to have been
made by a small party—at least, whether so
intended or not, the inference from the platform
laid down was legitimate, and it embodied a
selfish pH^piple which would, in my humble
judgment, if carried out, wither .the prosperity
of this great and glorious American nation. Let
us reflect for a moment. At an early period of
our history—yes, sir, daring our great Revolution
which gave freedom to this continent, and the
hope of it to the world—when we were weak,
few in number, poor in purse, but of large and
liberal hearts—when we were unable to cope with
the nations of the earth without the aid of patriots
from other lands, we threw open our doors, and 1
invited foreigners—yes, sir, foreigners, to come in
and partake with us the perils of defending our ]
liberty. They generously responded to the invi- j
tation; and the portrait which there graces our '
walls [pointing to a portrait of La Fayette] will |
carry us back to the time when France sent out j
her volunteers to fight side by side with Ameri-
cans'for liberty; and the memory of that great
• man, united in our affections with that of the
glorious Washington, will not be forgotten by a
free and grateful people, but the glory of their
joint deeds, common sufferings, and common
struggles, will be transmitted to the remotest pos-
teritv. When we were weak we invite/! them
in. They came: their bones whiten every battle-
field, and their heroic deeds illuminate every
page of our history. The same hope which
cheered the heart of the American soldier filled
the breast of the Irish, the Scotch, the French,
the German, the Pole. Yes, sir—all, all fought
for, many died for the blessings of liberty to
their children. Now, when we are strong a
powerful people, population large, and an over-
flowing treasury—fully able, without the aid
of patriot foreigners, to take care of ourselves,
a portion of us are disposed to say that they
shall not come in and he citizens upon equal
terms with us, on safe conditions. When we
occupy broad and rich lands, capable, under the
hand of industry, to yield food and clothing
• enough to furnish the millions of earth; when we
have a population large enough, strong, intelli-
gent and moral enough, to assimilate all who come
under the natural law controlling emigration *
when we know that they whose fathers fell by
the side of our fathers, are now bound down to
the earth under the iron heel of despotism, and
who pant for this land of promise as the " hart
panteth after the water brooks," I ask, shall this
magnanimous Republic at once ignore its duty
ana its destiny by closing the door against those
who knock so earnestly and entreatingly ? Never
sir, by my consent. They are our brethren. This
earth is God's earth, and he who taught us to
love our neighbor will not forgive us if we do
not. He who said, "Thou shalt not vex the
stranger; thou shalt not oppress him in any wise:
if you do, and he cry unto me, I will hear his cry,"
and I will kill you with the sword; your wives
shall become widows, and your children orphans," ,
will not fail to avenge such wickedness. May we
continue the wise policy under which we have, by
the blessing of Providence, prospered so largely,
avert the curses which we should so richly deserve
; for persecution and proscription, and make this
nation what our fathers designed it—a blessing to
mankind—a house of refuge for the oppressed—
an asylum for the sufferers of earth!
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. DOWDELL. I wish to say, as there is
a question pending,"which was by my colleague's
vote laid over until to-morrow, that I am indis-
posed to allow a resolution upon the same basis
to take precedence, and therefore I shall vote no.
Mr. ZOLLICOFFER offered the following res-
olution, and at the same time submitted the inter-
rogatories which follow:
Resolved, That, in conformity with the principles of a
great popular Government, such as that of the United States,
it is the duty of all candidates for political position frankly
and fully to state their opinions upon important political
questions involved in their election, and especially when
they are interrogated by the body of electors whose votes
they nre seeking.
" I ask, whether I am right in supposing that
the gentleman from Illinois [Mr. Richardson] ,
, regards the Kansas-Nebraska bill as promotive i
j of the formation of free States in the Territories ;
j of Kansas and Nebraska ? i
| "Am I right in supposing he advocates the
constitutionality of the Wilmot proviso; that in i
| 1850 he opposed its application to the territories
j acquired from Mexico, only upon the ground that
j it was unnecessary, inasmuch as the Mexican |
I local laws in those territories already abolished i
I slavery—which ought to be sufficient for all Free- I
Soil men; and that he committed himself to the
1 position, that if territorial bills (silent upon the
subject of slavery, and leaving the Mexican law <
to operate) were defeated, he would vote for bills 1
with the Wilmot proviso in them ? j
" Am I right in supposing that his theory is, |
that the Constitution of the United States does not :
carry slavery to, and protect it in, the Territories
of the United States ? That in the territory ac-
quired from France, (including Kansas and Ne-
braska,) the Missouri restriction was necessary
to make the territory free, because slavery existed
thereunder France at the time of the acquisition,
but that the Kansas and Nebraska bill, which
repeals that restriction, but neither legislates
slavery into those Territories, nor excludes it
therefrom, in his opinion, leaves those Territories
without either local or constitutional law protect-
ing slavery ; and that therefore the Kansas and
Nebraska bill promotes the formation of free States
in Kansas and Nebraska?"
Mr. DOWDELL (on his name being called)
said: Before recording my vote, I wish to make
a remark, not however for the purpose of justify-
ing the vote which I shall give—for I am astonished
to find any gentleman opposed to the passage of
the resolution—but to finish what I should have
said when last on the floor, had not the time
i allotted me expired. Although I have no appre-
; hension that any partyin this country committed
to proscription or persecution of individuals for
I religious opinions, or on account of the place of i
i their birth, will, if the fact be known, ever control I
I its legislation, yet I must confess that there is
| danger, if those who seek power are permitted to
conceal opinions. In this country, where every
i: individual is a sovereign—each an atom of that
' Sreat aggregate mass whose united public opinion
under constitutional limits makes and executes
laws, I hold it to be the duty of each and all to
communicate freely—to withhold nothing the one
from the other—to conceal no opinion, princi-
ple^ °r position, politically affecting the interests
of the country. This I regard absolutely neces-
Sal7' "} order,.that every citizen may properly
and understanding^ discharge his duty Why
I f reS^to political tenets contra-
ernment ldea ofa Democratic Gov-
know tW ivth.en'.e7ery Cltlzen is entitled to
know the political opinions of his neighbor, much
more is he entitled to those opinions when they
are to become his own through a Representative—
when they are to find expression in laws enacted
and force in laws executed. a'
practice. By the results of the questions to be
propounded under it, 1 do not expect to be en-
lightened; but the country will have facts and
opinions placed before it in a more authoritative
form, coming from the candidates of the various
parties in this House, than having to rely simply
upon the declarations of respective friends. Ido
not see why any should oppose its adoption.
The office of Speaker of the House is high and
responsible. There are contingencies set forth
in the Constitution, upon the happening of which
it may become the highest post in the Govern-
ment. Let opportunity be afforded for complete
and full development—for questions to be asked
and answered, until all are satisfied—the country
satisfied. It is needless for me to repeat in word
what I have expressed by more than a hundred
votes—that I prefer for the speakership the gal-
lant statesman from Illinois, [Mr. Richardson.]
It is not for the purpose of getting at his opinions
that I wish to see the resolution passed. I know
that he stands upon safe and sure ground. He
is a national Democrat, willing to deal justly with
all sections of the Union—according to both
States and individuals their full constitutional
rights. He stood upon the Kansas and Nebraska
act—that great measure which asserted that the
people ought to be allowed to govern themselves,
subject only to the Constitution. Upon this prin-
ciple the Democratic party have planted its stan-
dard, and under its folds all the conservatism and
national men of-the Union will rally; and upon
this they will succeed and preserve the integrity
of this great Republic.
Now, sir, I doubt not but that each member
may know the position of his own candidate;
but, sir, I want the constituents, the people, to
know the position of the candidates from the can-
! didates themselves. I want the people to know
; clearly how all stand upon the great and leading
question which will enter into the next elections,
; and decide, in my humble opinion, the destiny
i of this country. Sir, upon this great and lead-
ing question, the gentlemen composing what is r
j called the Black Republican party have taken
position sectional in character, and aggressive
towards the South. I want the lines clearly de-
fined and drawn early, which divide parties, in
order that the people of all sections, who are
deeply interested in preserving this Government,
may know with which to ally themselves—may
know whether their influence is wielded to pull
down or build up. As I have said before, I
have but little fear of the Know Nothing partyj '
not that I do not regard some of its principles
odious, and its whole tendency dangerous, but,
as in my judgment it attacks individual rights, ap- -
pertaining to every citizen, North, East, South,
and West, of course, sooner or later, it must go
down; all will become interested in opposing its
principles, when made to understand that they
are injurious to themselves. Not so with the
Black Republican party. Sectional and fanatic,
it is bent upon the destruction of the rights of
a whole section. It threatens to do that which
cannot be done without being followed by a
speedy dissolution of these States. I make free
to declare my opinion, not by way of threatening,
but, I trust, as a patriot, who desires the best in-
terests of his country, that if the gentlemen who
flrA in U maiAKit** iv, TT r* ' i . . 1
In voting for the pending resolution, I simnlv
indorse what I esteem a sound principle—a safe
are in a majority in this House fairly represent the
section of the Union from which they come, if
they are the types of northern majorities, and the
principles which I understand them to profess
shall become the settled opinions of controlling
majorities in the northern States, and shall be
attempted to be made law in this country, through
the forms of Federal legislation, then the contin-
ued Union of these States will be an impossibility,
or, if possible, the greatest curse which could be
inflicted upon my people. I make no threats. I
say what I most verily believe. I speak because
I love the Union of the Constitution. I love it for
its memories—for the hallowed recollections of
the martyrs who died in the struggle to transmit
^ principles to us—for its present blessings,'
which I hope may be continued to the latest gen-
eration. Sir, I want the people to know who
desires to preserve it—who pursues a course cal-
culated to destroy it. I shall therefore vote not
only for this resolution, but facilitate all inquiries
after truth.
