98
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 28,
The CLERK. No debate is in order upon the
motion.
Mr. HUMPHREY MARSHALL. I ask the
gentleman from Pennsylvania to withdraw the
motion to lay on the table to enable me to move
to amend that resolution.
Mr.' SMITH, of Virginia, obtained the floor.
Mr. KNIGHT. I will withdraw the motion
to allow the gentleman from Kentucky to offer
his amendment.
The CLERK. Then the gentleman from Vir-
ginia [Mr. Smith] is entitled to the floor.
Mr. SMITH. I have but few words to say
upon the subject.
Mr. KNIGHT. The gentleman will excuse
me, but I have not withdrawn the motion to lay
on the table, except for the purpose of enabling
the gentleman from Kentucky to submit his
amendment. If that gentleman is not entitled to
the floor, I must insist upon my motion.
Mr. SMITH. Why the gentleman withdrew
his proposition unqualifiedly, and I have the floor
upon the resolution. How could he renew it?
Mr. ICNIGHT. Oh, no; certainly not. I only
withdrew it for a certain purpose.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. The gentleman
from Kentucky [Mr. Humphrey Marshall]
having occupied the floor for ten minutes, under
the rule, could not be entitled to it again so long
as any other gentlemaiT desired to speak.
Mr. BOCOCK. That is very true; but he
could occupy it for the purpose of submitting an
amendment.
Mr. JONES. I say he would not be entitled
to the floor upon the resolution; and the gentle-
man from Pennsylvania having withdrawn the
motion to lay on the table, the floor passed to the
gentleman from Virginia, and it could not be
taken from him to renew the motion.
The CLERK. It is true that the gentleman
from Kentucky, having occupied his ten minutes,
could not claim the floor to debate while others
desired the floor; but he had the right to submit
an amendment if he could got the floor for that
purpose. The Clerk understood the gentleman
from Pennsylvania to withdraw his motion only
conditionally, and he thinks, under the circum-
stances, it is his right to renew it.
Mr. SMITH. Do I understand the Clerk to
decide that the gentleman from Pennsylvania can
take the floor from me to renew his motion to lay
on the table ?
The CLERK. The Clerk decides that the
motion to lay on the table is pending.
Mr. SMITH. The motion to lay 011 the table
was withdrawn by the gentleman from Pennsyl-
vania. He made the motion and took his seat.
He then withdrew it for certain purpose, as he
stated. But, sir, I was entitled to the floor; I
was recognized by the Clerk; and he announced
to the House my recognition; I have not yielded
for the gentleman to renew the motion; and how
does ho get the floor to make the motion ?
The GLERK. The Clerk thinks the gentle-
man from Pennsylvania had the right to renew
the motion under the conditions on which it was
withdrawn.
Mr. SEWARD. I propose to obviate the dif-
ficulty in which gentlemen seem involved. It is
very evident from the speech of the gentleman
from Kentucky, [Mr. Marshall,] that we cannot
harmonize upon that resolution. 1 beg leave,
therefore, to withdraw it.
There being no objection, the resolution was
withdrawn.
[Cries of " Call the roll!"]
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I renew the reso-
lution just withdrawn by the gentleman from
Georgia.
Mr. KNIGHT. I move to lay the resolution
upon the table.
Mr. SMITH. The gentleman certainly now
has not the floor to make that motion.
The CLERK. The gentleman from Virginia
[Mr. Smith] has the floor, and is entitled to it
until his ten minutes expire.
Mr. COX. I ask the gentleman from Virginia
to allow me the floor for a moment to propose an
amendment to his resolution, so that the gentle-
man may have an opportunity to speak, both to
the resolution and the amendment.
Mr. SMITH. I will give the gentleman an
opportunity to offer his amendment. But I can
neither yield the floor nor proceed myself until
order has been restored, and the gentlemen stand-
ing in the area before me have taken their seats.
[Cries of " Down in front!"]
After a pause, in which the Clerk succeeded
in restoring order,
Mr. S. proceeded. Mr, Clerk, I rise for the
purpose of uttering upon this floor a sentiment
which I have often expressed during my various
canvasses in Virginia, to wit: that the Missouri
compromise was a violation of the Constitution
of the United States. That is my oft-repeated
opinion, nor does the Kansas and Nebraska bill
conflict with it. Nor docs the fourteenth section
of that act in any wise delegate to the people of
the Territories a right which does not exist in
this Government itself.
If I had supposed there was any one opinion
more universal than any other in the South, it
was the opinion, that a Territorial government,
while it remained in a state of infancy, has 110
power either to admit or to prohibit slavery
within its limits. I say that this Congress, this
Government, having no right or power whatever
to admit slavery or prohibit it in the Territories,
has no right or power to delegate that power to
the Territories themselves. But, sir, I am sur-
prised to hear the gentleman from North Caro-
lina [Mr. Cungman] express the opinion that
the General Government had a right to delegate
political power. The fourteenth section of the
Nebraska bill—that portion of it bearing upon
this subject—expressly disclaims the right. It
says:
"That the Constitution, and all laws which are not locally
inapplicable, shall have the same force and affect in the
said Territory of Nebraska as elsewhere within the United
Staten, cxecpt the eighth section of the act preparatory to
the admission of Missouri into the Union, which, being
inconsistent with the principle of non-intervention by
Congress with slaveiy m the States and TerrUone.;, as
recognized by the legislation of 1850, coiumonlyTalled the
compromise measures, is hereby declared inoperative and
void ; it being the true intent and meaning of this act, not
to legislate slavery into any Territory or State, nor to exclude
it therefrom, but to leave the people thereof perfectly free
to form and regulate their domestic institutions in their own
way, subjcct only to the Constitution of the United States
That clause, sir, prohibits the people of the
Territories from exercising anything like sover-
eign political power. They may protect property,
but they have no right to undertake to create any
fundamental laws by which it is to be admitted
or excluded. The last proviso, also bearing upon
this subject, is explicit. It says:
" JProvuIed, That nothing herein contained shall be con-
strued to rovive or put in forcoanylaworregulation winch
may have e.\isted prior to the act of 6th March, 18-20, either
protecting, establishing, prohibiting, or abolishing slavery."
Thus leaving the question as to the right to
property to tie disposed of and to be protected
according to the adult political power of the coun-
try. Then 1 say, distinctly, that the Territories
are but political infants, exercising a power suffi-
cient to preserve themselves in their social condi-
tion , but with no power to make or alter any of
the great fundamental rights of property. It is
utterly, absolutely, uncompromisingly true, that
this Government cannot delegate a power which
it does not possess itself.
These are my views upon this subject, and I
now give way to the gentleman from Kentucky,
[Mr. Cox.] to enable him to offer his amendment
to my resolution.
Mr. COX. I move to amend the resolution
offered by the gentleman from Virginia, by strik-
ing out the words " William A. Richardson,"
and inserting the words " Henry M. Puller."
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I do not intend,
it is no part of my purpose, at this time to go into
an argument upon the principle of non-interven-
tion or squatter sovereignty. But, sir, I am one
of those who believe that all political power is
originally and primarily in the people, afid that
" the powers not delegated to the United States
by the Constitution, nor prohibited by it to the
States, are reserved to the States respectively, or
to the people." Then, sir, if the people of the
States jiave delegated to the Federal Government
the power of legislating upon the domestic affairs
of the people of the Territories, this Government
delegated, as far as it could, by the Kansas and
Nebrafka bill, that power to the people of the
Territories. But if the people of the States never
delegated to the Federal Government that power,
then it most certainly rests with the people or
with the States; and it certainly is not in the
power of any one State, or all the States, to legis-
late upon the domestic affairs of the Territories.
So far as this Government is concerned, if the
people of the States have delegated this power to
tile General Government, then, by the Kansas
and Nebraska bill, this Government has, in my
opinion, delegated that power to the people of
the Territory;' and if the people and tile States
have not delegated to the General Government
this power, then,Hjy the Kansas-Nebrask^ bill,
the General Government has recognized in the
people of the Territories full power and ample
authority, the right, in all its vigor, of the people
thereof to form and regulate their domestic insti-
tutions in their own way, while under a Territo-
rial government, as fully and completely as we
have and do recognize the right of the people of
the States to form and regulate their domestic,
institutions; and without affirmative legislation
by Kansas, establishing or protecting the rights
to certain property, it cannot be held therein
under the Kansas-Nebraska act. •
Then, sir, you may call it by what name you
please—non-intervention, squatter sovereignty,
or popular sovereignty. It is, sir,-the power of
the people to govern themselves, and they and
they alone should exorcise it, in my opinion, as
well while in a Territorial condition as m the po-
sition of a State. I would ask those who deny
this doctrine, whether they are of my party, or
of any other party—whether they are from the
North, or the South—to reconcile another pro-
vision of that act with the doctrine that neither
this Government nor the people of the Territory
have any power over this isolated question while
in a Territorial condition. Look to the Kansas
and Nebraska act, and you will there find pre-
scribed the qualification of voters. How long to
continue, sir? Until the first election only. And
the qualifications of voters, and of holding office
at all subsequent elections, shall bo prescribed
by the Legislative Assembly. Which is the
higher prerogative of sovereignty, to prescribe
the rights of property, or to prescribe the qualifi-
cation of voters? I hold that the highest pre-
rogative of sovereignty is to prescribe the qualifi-
cation of voters; to draw the line between the
citizen, the coequal constituent of sovereignty in
a country, and the subject, vassal, or serf.
I believe that the great principle, the right of
the people in the Territories as well as in tho
States, to form and to regulate their own domes-
tic institutions in their own way, is clearly and
unequivocally embodied in the Kansas-Nebraska
'act; and, if it is not, it should have been. Be-
lieving that it was the living, vital principle of
the act, I voted for it. These arc my views, hon-
estly entertained, and will be defended.
Mr. SHERMAN. Mr. Clerk, I desire a direct
vote on the proposition. If gentlemen on the
other side can form an alliance with the national
American party, so as to elect a Speaker and or-
ganize the House, I shall be happy to see tho thing
accomplished. To see exactly what can be done,
I now,call for the previous question; and on or-
dering tho main question to be now put I demand
tho yeas and nays.
Mr. LETCHER. I ask the gentleman to with-
draw his call for the previous question for a sin-
gle moment.
Mr. SHERMAN. I desire to have the vote
put directly on both propositions. I am informed
that, if my call for the previous question be sec-
onded, it will cut off the amendment altogether.
The CLERK. That would be the effect of
the call for the previous question, if seconded.
Mr. SHERMAN. Then I withdraw it. I do
not wish either proposition to be cut off, or laid
on the table, but that there shall be a direct vote
on both.
Mr. MILLSON. Mr. Clerk, it seems to be
the fashion of the morning to assign reasons for
the votes that gentlemen have given. Perhaps,
sir, there is no gentleman in this House who has
had greater inducements, nay, I may say greater
provocation to explain the reason of the vote that
he has given in the contest for the speakership,
than myself; but I have forborne to do so. I have
no desire to contribute, in the slightest degree, to
the embarrassments that, up to this time, have
prevented the choice of a presiding officer. And
I would not even now have sought the floor for the
purpose of explaining the motives which have
governed me m giving my vote for my friend
