1856.]
appendix to the congressional, gdobs.
34th Cong....1st Sess.
Kansas Affairs—Mr. Wilson.
Senate.
It matters not with me what maybe the object
of the resolution, or for what purpose the inter-
rogatories are to be propounded after its adoption; |
nor shall I take exception because it originates i
with a party that commenced its career in secrecy; j
and thereby evinced a distrust of the soundness j
of its own principles by carefully avoiding all j
public discussion of them. Belonging, as I do, ;
to a party whose creed is never written or spoken
in an "unknown tongue"—the first article of ,
wltose faith is, unwavering confidence in the intel-
ligence, integrity, and patriotism of the masses;
that never shrinks from responsibility;thatavows
opinions under any and all circumstanccs; that,
in open day, in prcscnce of friendsand opponents,
always marches square up to public opinion, the ,
great arbiter between truth and error in a free
country,and challenges investigation, defies scru-
tiny, and demands—ay, demands judgment upon
the correctness of its propositions,—it is not for
me to object to the resolution, but rather to thank
the gentleman for its introduction. It affords
another opportunity for the exhibition of candor
and fairness 011 the part of the Democracy; while
at the same time it rebukes, with the keenest
irony, the party from which it proceeds, whose
earlier meetings were held nobody knew when or
where; whose principles were nobody knew what;
whose language of communication was signs, and
grips, and curiously cut bits of paper; whose
name even, concealed from the outside world, has
been dubbed " Know Nothing," after the uniform .
reply of its members to every inquiry made, and
has thus perpetuated its refusal to come to the
light, and whose very existence and all its prin- j
ciples, in the language of the gentleman from 1
Georgia, [Mr. Stephens,] " were shielded by an
oath. It is a good indication, I trust, that the ;
injunction of secrecy which has been gradually ,
dissolving under the steady light of asound public !
opinion, will be entirely removed, and the little ,
book of ceremonies, known as the Ritual of the ,
Order, will, in due time, be given to the public,
revised and corrected, if need be, with a free
translation of the * * * which twinkle on its
pages. When this shall have been done, we shall
be Detter prepared for the answers of the respect-
ive candidates—to compare each with the creed 1
of his party, and pass judgment accordingly.
Our candidate, I will repeat, stands upon safe !
ground. His record, of many years'servicein this
House, during many of the most trying periods ,
of our history, is before the country. His votes ,
uniformly vindicate his nationality, and prove his
devotion to the Constitution and the rights of the
South under it. Whatever may be bis opinions
upon abstract questions, upon some of which we
do doubtless differ, his acts are, nevertheless,
satisfactory to me and my people, and, we believe,
promotive of the best interests of the whole coun-
try. This decides my preference, and I yield him
my hearty support.
I will not now enter upon a discussion of the
principles involved in the interrogatories pro-
pounded by the gentleman from Tennessee, [Mr. i
Zollicoffer.] Whatever may be the opinions ;
of those who voted for the Kansas and Nebraska i
act, will not now affect the operation of the law j
itself. Under it agovernment has been organized, |
and, for the exercise of its powers within the lira- -
itations of the Coastitution of the United States, .
will be responsible only to the people to be affected .
by them. It is enough for me to know, in this .
crisis, whether a man is loyal to the great prin- \
ciple contained in that act—whether he is willing !
to abide by it as a settlement, a final settlement,
of the slavery question, and is willing that it shall j
be applied in the organization of all future terri-
torial governments, and thus assist in removing j
the discussion from thestf Halls, and transferring
the exercise of the powers of government to the
people, to whom the exercise of it, under our
theory of government, properly belongs, and
whose welfare is most deeply involved in the
results.
Now, sir, the people will doubtless inquire,
why all national men who hold to the doctrine of
non-intervention by Congress on the subject of
slavery in the Territories, cannot unite in the
support of the gentleman from Illinois, whose
illustrious service in behalf of this measure dur-
ing the last Congress contributed so much to it*
success ? I shall not pretend to answer for others; ■
I only speak for myself; and I am proud, as a ,
southern man, that opportunity is afforded me to ;
cast my vote for Mr. Richardson, and by doing ,
so to testify to him, and his noble compeers who •
stood by us in the conflict, and, with a moral cour- j
age worthy of the best days of the Republic, i
battled against the prejudices of their own sec- j
tion, and restored to my people their rights under
the Constitution, my lasting gratitude and high j
appreciation of their patriotism. They deserve j
well of the whole country, and, though tempora- 1
rily condemned by the thoughtless and fanatical, ;
yet that purified and chastened public opinion
which flows from the "sober second thought" ,
of the American people will amply reward them
in its judgment for their action, and vindicate,
along with the peaceful fruits of its operation, the
wisdom of the law which they assisted to enact.
An infraction of the Constitution has been healed,
a loss to the rights of the States has been restored,
and a stigma upon the institutions of the South
has been removed by the repeal of the Missouri
restriction.
Our equal right to occupy and enjoy the com-
mon territory is no longer denied by unjust legis-
lation. For this victory we are indebted to the
national Democrats of the North. Many fell in
the struggle which achieved it, but they will rise
again, for around them are gathered the sympathies
of a grateful people, and they will stand forth the
acknowledged cnampions of truth, when those
who now fill their places will pass quietly away
into oblivion. Whilst almost the entire South
acknowledges the obligation of gratitude to the
national men of the North, it is to be deeply re-
gretted that the policy of a new party in our midst
prevents its expression at this critical juncture.
I do not contend that our united vote would elect
a Speaker, but none are blind enough not to see
that our divisions materially weaken our common
cause. Our enemy, and the enemy to the Con-
stitution, although divided upon numberless sub-
ordinate questions, are, nevertheless, united and
compacted in their aggressions upon our rights.
They, too, dispute about Catholics and foreign-
ers, and are "at enmity between themselves;"
but, like Pilate and Herod, are made friends when
the rights of the South are to be destroyed.
Whence came our dissensions ? It seems that
this new order was manufactured by Yankee in-
genuity expressly for the occasion, and thrown,
if I may so express it, into the South to divide
our forces at the very time the heaviest assault
was to be made upon us. How far they have
succeeded the country must judge. The Black
Republican party moves in soldid column, ani-
mated by one feeling—hatred to the South and
all the friends of the South. They have com- j
menced their attacks upon our northern allies, i
Are we unitedly rushing to the rescue ? Why are i
they so determined on the defeat of Richardson?
Because he is a Democrat? Not so, for they
number many who were formerly Democrats j
among them. They do it because he led the forces j
that repealed the Missouri restriction, and now,
like a true man,stands up and vindicates the jus-
tice and righteousness of that action. For the
same reason they are endeavoring to strike down
the present Administration. Because our patriotic
President refuses to bow to their fanatie demands,
and join the crusade against southern institutions;
because, like an old Roman, he stands firmly by
the Constitution of his country, guarding the
rights of all sections, he, too, is denounced, and
must be victimized to satisfy the insatiable appe-
tite of this Black Republican faction. Will a
single southern man assist in the sacrifice ? God
forbid! For his uniform and steadfast devotion
to sound principles during his whole administra-
tion, and for the noble sentiments and unanswer-
able arguments which characterize his late mes-
sage in behalf of the rights of the States, he de-
serves the thanks of every lover of his country.
The conservative masses of our countrymen,
North and South, will rally around him, for the
great cause which he espouses belongs alike to
us all.
Forthecontinued disorganization of this House,
I shall leave the country to locate the responsibil-
ity. Nothing but a most fearful sectional contro-
versy has brought this confusion upon us. That
such is the fact I deqily deplore, but do notregret
its manifestation. The discovery of the scat of
the disease will enable us to find a remedy. The
constitution of the body-politic, I trust, is strong
enough to survive the attack. Far better that the
present Congress should utterly fail to organize,
! than even the semblance of victory should be
| given to Black Republicanism by the success of
; its champion. Should the whole matter, by the
i failure of organization, be referred again to the
| people, 1 have strong confidence that a represent-
ation would be returned here national and con-
servative, prepared to do full justice to all sec-
tions, and willin| to abide the compromises of
the Constitution in letter and spirit. Acting upon
this conviction, for one, I shall continue to hold
the position which I have taken to the end of the
chaptet.
During the debate which followed the passage
of the resolution,
Mr. RICHARDSON made the following re- '
marks: Mr. Clerk, the gentleman from Tennessee
seems to misunderstand the remarks which I
made on last Saturday; and I desire to say to the
gentleman only this: in 1830, when 1 submitted
the remarks to which he refers, and while I dis-
cussed the position assumed by various gentle-
men on this floor, I then stated that it was the
duty of Congress to pass laws in reference to this
question, and to let the people decide, when they.
came to frame their constitution, what their do-
mestic institutions should be. I endeavored to
bring them to the point by showing what their'
; positions respectively were.
I will say to the gentleman further—for I do
' not desire that my position on this question shall
j be misunderstood either here or elsewhere—that
' I stated then, and I state now, that any remark
j which I may have made then, "or at any other
[ time, that I was willing to vote for the Wilmot
; proviso; or anything else which was not a fair,
i just, and equitable adjustment of all these ques-
tions between the States and the people of the'
i States, was made with a view to bring the friends
j of the Administration to a particular point. In
the remarks made in 1850,and to which he refers,
\ I there suited that my object was to bring the
Administration of General Taylor to the test, to
see whether his northern or southern supporters
J had been deceived. It was not for any other
; reason. I stated, on Saturday last, that I had not
| acted in accordance with those declarations, and
| that, if I had, I should have committed a wrong
| and unjust act. When the bills of 1850, which'
j recognize the same principle as the Nebraska-
Kansas act, were passed, I took my position on
the ground which I now occupy.
I want to say another thing. I am one of those
who change my opinions when I think that they
are wrong ones. I disavow any sentiment whicn
I have uttered when I think that it is wrong. , I
said, the other day, that while I believe, accord-'
ing to the letter of the Constitution, we had a
right to exclude slavery, yet, at the same time, as
it was unjust and wrong, I say, in my opinion,.
it violated the spirit of the Constitution; /or that
Constitution was made to secure equality among
all the States and the citizens of the Union,
THE KANSAS AFFAIRS.
SPEECH OF HON. HENRY WILSON,
OF MASSACHUSETTS,
In the Senate, February 18,1856.
A message from the President of the United States Was'
received by the Senate, inclosing a report from the Sec-'
retsry of State, on the existing state of affairs in Kansas.'
Mr. WtLSON. Mr. President, the Senator'
from Connecticut [Mr. Toucey] closes his speech
with the assumption, that there may be those in
the country who do not wish the President to
preserve order; and he is pleased to say that, if
the Executive does so, their " vocation" will be.
gone. Let me say to the Senator from Connec-
ticut, that the "vocation"of those to whom he
alludes is not fawning, abject servility to power.
No, sir; they do not
 " bend to power, and lap its milk."
tf the Senator from Connecticut alludes to those
