1855.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
99-
from Illinois, [Mr. Richardson,] but that, on
some previous occasions, other gentlemen have
expressed, as the reason governing those mem-
bers of the Democratic party who are voting for
Mr. Richardson, sentiments and views in which
I did not, do not, and cannot concur.
I say now, sir, that I have voted for the gentle-
man from Illinois merely and only because I be-
lieve him to be—I may say that I know him to
be—an honorable man, an intelligent politician, an
ardent Democrat, and a sincere friend and lover
of the Union. And when I refer to him as a
friend of the Union, I do not mean merely to al-
lude to his support of that political confederacy
constituting our Union, but I allude to him as a
man whose generous impulses lead him to em-
brace, in one common brotherhood, all the men
of our common country, coming though they
may from its most distant sections. These are
the reasons which induce me to vote forthatgen-
tleman. 1 was not a member of any caucus. I
votedTor no resolutions. I gave my vote foi that
gentleman not at all for the reason that he is the
nominee of a caucus, and because ho has been
attempted to be placed on a quasi platform of
fn'ineiples proclaimed hy that caucus. I vote for
lim for reasons sufficient to me, and 1 will not bo
deterred from giving my vote for that gentleman
because others may determine to vote for him for
reasons which do not commend themselves to my
judgment.
Now, sir, in reference to the question involved
in the construction of the Kansas and Nebraska
act, this is not the time to go into any exposition
of my views on that subject. They have been
once before delivered m the House. I have seen
no reason to retract any of the reasons professed
then; .nay, sir, every day has but added force to
the views to which I than gave utterance. The
time may-come, I fear the time must come, when
I shall, m the necessary vindication of my own
political opinion, humble as it is, be constrained
to again trouble the House with the expression
of my views on that question. The time is not
now, nor do I feel at all disposed to widen the
difference existing between gentlemen on this floor
by commencing a discussion which, in the present
stage of our proceedings, must necessarily be un-
profitable as it unquestionably is irksome.
I will vote for Mr. Richardson. I will vote
for any resolutions making him the Speaker of
this Rouse; nor would I even bo deterred from
giving my vote for the election of that gentleman,
though others might be pleased to connect with
such an expression of their preference, motives
and reasons which I might deem inconsistent, and
unfounded. I say thus much, sir, because I have
been heretofore silent when other gentlemen have
referred to the construction of the Knnsns-]No-
braska act, and because many of the gentlemen
now present know that my position upon that
subject is somewhat peculiar.
I rose, then, to say that I am voting for the
gentleman from Illinois for no other reason than
in the exercise of my own free discretion, which
prompts me to vote for him for reasons which
existed prior to the convention of the Democratic
Representatives in the Hall of the House, a day
or two before the commencement of this session;
nor would I have been deterred from giving him
my vote, whatever might have been the reasons
proclaimed by other gentlemen as the governing
principle of their own conduct.
Mr. MACE. I move to lay the resolution upon
the table.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. If the gentleman
will allow me, I will withdraw it.
Mr. MAGE. I will withdraw my motion for
that purpose.
Mr. SMITH. I withdraw the resolution.
The CLliUK. If there be no objection, the
gentleman from Virginia can withdraw the reso-
lution.
No objection was made.
Mr. CADWALADER obtained the floor.
Mr. HUMPHREY MARSHALL. Do I un-
derstand the Clerk to decide that the gentleman
from Virginia has a right to withdraw the reso-
lution?
Tin; CLERK. According to the recent prac-
tice of the House, the gentleman has a rignt to
withdraw it if there is no objection.
Mr. MARSHALL. An amendment is pend-
ing and in the possession of th" Houw. Uas the
mover of the resolution a right to withdraw it
under those circumstances ?
Mr. CADWALADER. There is nothing
before the House, and I have the floor to offer a
resolution.
The CLERK. The Clerk will state that he
heard no objection at the time the gentleman from
Virginia withdrew the resolution; and before the
point of order was raised by the gentleman from
Kentucky, the floor had been assigned to the
gentleman from Pennsylvania.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. What is the
question before the House ?
The CLERK. The Clerk thinks there is
nothing.
Mr. "CADWALADER. 1 rise to offer a reso-
lution upon a subject on which I desire to say a
very few words of a practical tendency.
RESTRICTION ON DEBATES.
The Clerk read the resolution, as follows:
Resolved, That tljo resolution hy vinch the time to hi1
occupied m debate is hnnted he leseinded.
Mr. CADWALADER. Important reasons
have, within the last few minutes, presented them-
selves for the passage of this resolution, which 1
am impelled to offer: lirst, because when the
gentleman from Georgia, [Mr. Sewaud,] who
moved the resolution just withdrawn, introduced
it, there was I thought so manifest a discrepancy
between some of his views and reasons as orally-
stated, and what might have been regarded as
the cfFcct and meaning of the words of Ins reso-
lution, that gemlemen upon this floor would have
required time for careftil consideration before they
could have voted advisedly upon so material a
proposition: secondly, because the gentleman
from Kentucky, [Mr. Hitmphrut Marshal!.,]
who no#t took part in the debate, treated, as
subjects of £qual importance in the organization
of "this House, the differences of opinion on the
slavery question, and the differences of opinion
with regard to the naturalization lews.
Now, sir, upon the second ground, it is of
great importance that time he taken for the de-
liberate consideration of the relative importance,
practically, of these two questions. In the or-
ganization of select committees, it is of compar-
atively little moment who may be Speaker of
the House; yet in the organization of the stand-
ing committees it is a subject of the gravest prac-
tical importance. Let me ask attention to the
importance of this great and overruling distinc-
tion. There are no fewer than six—perhaps
seven or eight—standing committees of this House
wliose permanent organization, by any Speaker
who may be selected, will determine whether or
not the slavery question, in all its various phases,
is to be a subject of continual and repeated agi-
tation against the views of a majority of the House.
We know that a majority of t lie House arc against
the agitation of theslaveiy question, and yet there
is not only the Committee on the Territories, the
Committee of Elections, the Committee on Com-
merce, the Committee of Ways and Means, the
Committee on Foreign Affairs, the Committee on
the Judiciary, and the Committee for the District
of Columbia, but the Post Oilice Committee, and
perhaps other committees which might be sug-
gested, in reference to every one of which this
question of slavery will, if the House be organ-
ized upon the platform of the candidate from
Massachusetts, be forced upon our notice, day
by day, in every shape and form. On the other
hand, in regard to that question which concerns
the naturalization laws, the subject of the organ-
ization of the House is abstract and comparatively
insignificant. There is but one committee—that
on the Judiciary—whose intervention can pos-
sibly occur upon that question; and the interven-
tion of that committee could only occur upon it
secondarily, or contingently, or unnecessarily.
On any subject connected with that question, of
which this committee might take cognizance, a
special committee can at any time be constituted;
and the House can give to such a committee any
instruction whatever which the party possessing
a working majority may desire to give.
I have asked the attention of the House to the
comparative importance of these two great ques-
tions on the mere point of our organization, the
sole matter at "present in hand. A majority of the
House, if they can be brought to act together,
a*rro, it would peora. for all practical working
purposes, upon the slavery question. The party
of Democrats, believing as they do that they
stand here the Representatives of a majority of
this nation—as has been proved by elections
which have been held since the majority of the
members of this House were returned—have ex-
plained fully the reasons why the two questions
which enter into their platform hold them to-
gether in their votes on this question qf organiza-
tion.
I have risen, sir, because there has been hith-
erto in the debate an entire disregard of the com-
parative practical importance of those two subjects
of consideration on this the only matter of busi-
ness before the House. We are here as men of
business, engaged in electing an officer who is
to have certain determinate powers, measured
by well known parliamentary rules of right.
What are those powers thus defined by rules of
right? It is his right,and in a relative sense his
duty, to organize the standing committees with
reference to permanent principles; but, as regards
select committees, it is his duty to organize them
according to views to be determined by the vote
which calls for the appointment of the respect-
ive committees. This distinction having been
overlooked, and its importance having boon de-
veloped in the debate of this morning, I conceive
that the time.has arrived when we should, for a
season, rescind the resolution limiting the time
of debate. But if tiie resolution which I propose
should pass, I have in a few words stated all that
I would myself wish to say upon the subject.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I move to
lay the motion upon the table.
The question was then put, and it was decided
in the affirmative.
So the motion was laid upon the table.
BALLOTS FOR A SPEAKER.
[Cries of" Call the roll!"]
The House then proceeded to vote the seventy-
third time for Speaker, with the following result:
Wholo number of votes cast, 207; necessary to a
choice, 104; of which—
Nathaniel P. Bank^ received   101
William A. Riehaidson 
HemyM. Fuller  30
Alexandei C. M. Pennington  &
Benjamin F. Letter   1
James L. Orr  1
John Williams  1
Nathaniel C. Foster  I
John R. Echo  1
Mordecai Oliver  *
So there was no choice.
The following is the vote in detail:
For Mr. Hanks—Messit-. Alhrifht, Allison, Hall. Barbour,
Henry Ih'nnett, fieiwrni, Bjlhnirhur-t, liiii«rimm,
i l^lis—, jJmdfhaw, JLhenfon, Buliim t« n, Burl.ngarue, James
S H. C\mi}>boU, Lewi?. J). Campbell, Chanee, Ezra Clark,
! Clnw.'on. CoKa'c, C-'mim , Cia^m, Oumback, Damrell,
i Tunotl \ l*aus. Dav. Dean, DeWitt, Dick, Dickson, Dodd,
i ]Hirter>,']</Ke, Emne, Fla^r, Galloway. Cidding-<, Gilbert,
I Oiangei,(Jrow, Robert B. Hall, Harlan, Molloway, Thomas
| R. IJorlon, Valentine P. Hoi ton, Howard, Hugh^ton, King,
! Knapp, Knight, Knowlton, Knox, Kunkel, Letter, Mace,
i Maue>-on, McCartv, Mcacham, Kilhan Miller, Morgan,
< Morrill, Mott, Mutray, Nichols, Noiton, Andrew Oliver,
Parker, Pearee, Pelton, Pennington, Perry, Petht, Pike,
Prin<r!e, Purvianee, Ritchie, Robinson, Sabin, Sag<J, Happ,
Simmon*, Spinnei, Stanton, Stranahan, Tappan. Thorimj-
ton, Thurston,Todd,Trafton, Wade, Wakeman,Walbridge,
Waidron, Oadwalader C. Wa--:hburne,Elhhu B.Wasliburne,
Israel Washburn, Watson, Welch, Wood, Woodiuff, and
Wood worth.
For Mr. Richardson—Messrs. Aiken. Allen, Barclay,
Barki-daic, Bell, Henry S. Bennett, Boeoek, Bowie. Boyce,
Biookis, Cadwalader, Oaruthers, Oaskie, Chngman, Howell
Cobh. Williamson ft. W. Cobb, Craige, Crawford, David-
son, Denver, Dowdell, Edmundaon, Elliott, English, Faulk-
ner, Florence, Thomas J. D. Fuller, Goode. Greenwood,
Auspistu? Hall, Sampson W. Harris, Thomas L. Hariis,
Herbert,Houston, Ceorge W. Jones, J.Glaney Jones, Kelly,
Kidwcll, Letcher, Lumpkin, Samuel S. Marshall, Max-
well, McMulh ,McQ,uc< n. Smith Miller, Million, Mordecai
Oliver, Orr, Peek, Powell, Quitman, Ruflin, Rust, Sau-
didge, Savage, Seward, Shorter, Samuel A. Smith, Wii-
j ham Smith," Stephens, Stewart, Taylor, Vail, Warner,
Watkins, WcIIp, Wmslow, and John V. Wright.
For Mr. Fuller—Messia. Biooxn, John P. Campbell, Car-
lile, Cox, Cnllen, Ilenry Winter Davis, Etlieridue, Eustw,
Foster, J. Murribon Harris, Kennetf, Lake, Lmdl^y. Aiex-
andei K. Marshall, Humphrey Marshal!, Millward, Paine,
Porter, Puryear, Reade, Ready, Rivers, William R. Smith,
Sneed, Swbpe, Tnppe, Underwood, Valk, Walker, and
ZolhcofTer.
For Mr. Pennington—Messrs. Harrison and Scotr.
For Mr. Letter—Mr. Dunn.
For Mr. Orr—Mr. Evans.
For Mr. Williams—Mr. Wheeler.
For Mr. Foster—Henry M. Fuller.
For Mr. Kthe—Mr. Moore.
For Mr. Oliver—Mr. Richardson.
Pending the call of the roll, and whou hts
name was called,
