1856.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
$2&
resolve itself into the Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union.
The SPEAKER. That motion would be in
order.
Mr. SMITH. I make that motion.
Mr. JONES, of Pennsylvania. I want to make
a single remark, if the honorable gentleman will
allow me. This is the fifth month of the present
Congress, and yet, sir, not a single day has been
appropriated to the consideration of private busi-
ness. There is not a single report from the Court
of Claims in the hands of any committee of the
House, and it seems to me a matter of a good
deal of importance that the House should dispose
of this question at once.
Mr. SMITH. If there is to be no debate, I
will withdraw my motion until this matter can be
disposed of.
Mr. HOUSTON. I understand the gentleman
from North Carolina [Mr. Clingman] withdraws
his objection to the motion of the gentleman from
Pennsylvania, [Mr. Ritchie.]
Mr. SMITH. I prefer to insist on my motion
to go into Committee of the Whole.
Mr. PHELPS. Pending that motion, I sub-
mit the usual resolution to close debate on the
Senate amendments to the deficiency bill; and, as
the House is rather thin to-day, I will fix the time
at three o 'clock on Monday next. Is there any
objection to that?
Mr. JONES. I understand that no one wishes
to discuss this matter. I hope the House will
dispose of it this morning.
Mr. WALKER. I have no desire to press my
objections to the argument of the gentleman from
Pennsylvania upon the House at this time. If
the House is disposed to go into the Committee
of the Whole on the state of the Union, to enable
the honorable gentleman from Tennessee [Mr.
Smith] to deliver his expected speech, I am will-
ing to yield the floor for the present. It is a
matter of indifference to me when I submit my
remarks.
The SPEAKER. The motion first before the
House is upon the resolution of the gentleman
from Missouri [Mr. Phelps] to close debate in
committee upon the deficiency bill.
Mr. JONES. Have I noitlie right to press my
motion upon the Court of Claims business ?
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Ten-
nessee had the right to move to go into the Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union.
Mr. JONES. Is that motion still pending?
The SPEAKER. It is; but the resolution of
the gentleman from Missouri takes precedence.
Mr. STANTON. It seems to me that the gen-
tleman from Missouri ought not to press his res-
olution at this time. There are some thirty or
forty Senate amendments to the deficiency bill
which have not yet been considered in committee,
involving the. appropriation of a very large amount
of money. There is an appropriation of ยง300,000
for the water-works for the District of Columbia,
and forty other things, of too great importance to
be considered only under the five-minute rule.
I hope the gentleman will not insist upon his res-
olution at this time.
Mr. MEACHAM. I move to amend the res-
olution so as to say, " three o'clock on Tuesday,"
instead of Monday.
The amendment was disagreed to.
Mr. FLAGLER. It seems to me that we are
not now prepared to say when it would be proper
to close the debate upon this bill. I therefore
move to lay the resolution upon the table.
The motion was agreed to.
The question recurred upon the motion to go
into the Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union; and being put, it was decided in the
affirmative.
DEFICIENCY BILL.
The House accordingly resolved itself into the
Committee of the Whole onthestate ofthe Union,
(Mr. Mace in the chair,) and resumed the con-
sideration of the Senate amendments to the bill
(H. R. No. 68) to supply deficiencies in the
appropriations for the service of the fiscal year
ending 30th .Tune, 185S.
Mr. SMITH, of Tennessee, addressed the
committee for one hour upon the general politics
of the country. His speech will be published
in the A ppendix.
Mr. GRANGER obtained the floor.
Mr. WHITNEY. I should like to make a
personal explanation that would occupy but two
or three minutes, if the gentleman will yield to
me.
' Mr. GRANGER declined to yield the floor.
Mr. MILLSON. I rise to a question of order.
I do not know, Mr. Chairman, on what question
the gentleman from New York intends to speak.
The House, by general consent, allowed the gen-
tleman from Tennessee to submit his remarks on
a question foreign to the subject before the House,
because, as I understand, that gentleman yielded
the floor, a day or two ago, with the general
understanding that he was to have it again in
Committee of the Whole. Now, Mr. Chairman,
general debate cannot be in order at this stage of
our proceedings. The deficiency bill is not be-
fore the committee. Nothing is before the com-
mittee but the amendments of the Senate, and no
general debate on the state of the Union can
arise, because debate must be confined to the sub-
ject before the committee; and that is, the Senate
amendments specifically, and nothing else. Now,
in a few days we shall have an opportunity of
going into Committee of the Whole on the Kansas
message, and on the civil and diplomatic appro-
priation bill, when general debate can be indulged
m; but the committee will perceive, that if this
general debate is continued on foreign questions
the committee will, in self-defense, be obliged to
terminate debate, and then there can be no discus-
sion on the remaining amendments of the Senate,
some of which perhaps may require debate. I
submit, then, the point of order, that general de-
bate is not in order.
Mr. FLORENCE. Mr. Chairman, in myjudg-
ment, the difficulty may be avoided by a simple
motion to set aside the consideration of the defi-
ciency bill, and proceed to consider the resolutions
referring the President's message. This, itoccurs
to my mmd, has been the practice.
The CHAIRMAN. It has been the practice
of Congress, when appropriation bills are under
consideration, to discuss questions generally; and
the Chair decides that the fact of the Senate amend-
ments being under consideration does not alter
the character of the bill. The gentleman from
New York [Mr. Granger] is in order.
Mr. WHITNEY. I rise to a personal expla-
nation.
Mr. GRANGER. The gentleman will pardon
me. I do not yield the floor.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman from New
York is entitled to the floor.
Mr. GRANGER followed, and contended that
slavery was unconstitutional. He believed that
there was not a slave in the Union that would
not obtain his freedom by a fair and impartial
trial. The Constitution, in his opinion, nowhere
gave Congress the power to legislate for the re-
turn of fugitive slaves. [His speech will be found
in the Appendix.]
Mr. KEITT obtained the floor, but yielded it
to
Mr. BOYCE, who moved that the committee
rise.
The motion was agreed to.
The committee accordingly rose; and the Speaker
having resumed the chair, the Chairman [Mr.
Mace] reported that the Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union had, according to order,
had the Union generally under consideration, and
particularly the deficiency bill, with the Senate
amendments thereto, and had come to no resolu-
tion tlicicon.
MESSAGE FROM THE SENATE.
A messnge was received from the Senate by
Asbory Dickins, their Secretary, notifying the
House that that body had passed a bill of the
House for the purpose of restoring and maintain-
ing the peaceable disposition of the Indian tribes
on the Pacific, and for other purposes.
Mr. BENSON. I ask the unanimous consent
of the House to take from the Speaker's table a
bill of the Senate, for the purpose of referring it
to the Committee on Naval Affairs. I will state
that the committee have petitions on the same
subject pending before them, and it is important
that they should have the bill referred to them.
Objection was made.
ENROLLED BILLS.
Mr. PIKE, from the Committee on Enrolled
Bills, reported the following joint resolution and
bills as correctly enrolled, when the Speaker
signed the same:
Join t resolution for enlarging the custom-house,
post office, and court-house, at Buffalo, New
York;
An act to constitute the cities of Hannibal,
Missouri, and Peoria, Illinois, ports of delivery;
An act making appropriations for restoring"
and maintaining the peaceable disposition of the
Indian tribes on the Pacific, and for other pur-
poses; and
An act making appropriations for the payment
of invalid and other pensions of the United States,
for the year ending 30tli June, 1857.
On motion by Mr. JONES, of Tennessee, the
House (at half past three o'clock, p. m.) adjourned
till Monday, at twelve o'clock, m.
IN SENATE.
Monday, April 7, 1856.
Prayer by Rev. Daniel Waldo, Chaplain to
the House of Representatives.
The Journal of Friday was read and approved.
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS.
Mr. STUART presented a petition of officers
of the Army stationed at Fort Independence, for
an increase of the commutation price of the Army
ration; which was referred to the Committee on
Military Affairs.
Mr. PEARCE presented the memorial of E.
Lloyd Winder, a lieutenant in the Navy,praying
to be allowed the difference between full pay and
leave-of-absence pay, during the time he was de-
tached from his ship, in consequence of the acci-
dental breaking of his arm; which was referred
to the Committee on Naval Affairs.
Mr. HAMLIN presented two petitions of citi-
zens of Deer Isle, Maine, praying for an appro-
priation for the erection of a light-house near the
entrance of Old harbor, at Bwan's Island, in that
State; which were referred to the Committee on
Commerce.
Mr. PUGH presented the memorial of Donn
Piatt, praying for compensation for services as
secretary of legation, and as charge d'affaires at
Paris during the sickness and absence of the min-
ister in charge of the legation; which was referred
to the Committee on Foreign Relations.
Mr. JONES, of Iowa, presented a petition of
citizens of Dubuque, Iowa, and a memorial of
the St. Louis Chamber of Commerce, praying
for an appropriation for removing obstructions to
navigation in the Mississippi river at the Dcs
Moines and Rock Island Rapids; which were
referred to the Committee on Commerce.
Mr. TOUCEY presented the memorial of Ed-
ward Ballard, praying to be allowed depreciation
on the commutation pay of his grandfather, Wil-
liam H. Ballard, an officer in the revolutionary
army; which was referred to the Committee on
Revolutionary Claims.
Mr. SUMNER presented an additional paper
in support of the claim of Joseph L. McDonald;
which was referred to the Committee on Com-
merce.
PAPERS WITHDRAWN.
On motion by Mr. PEARCE, it was
Ordered, That Robert M. Hamilton have leave to with-
draw Ins memorial and papers, that they may be presented
to the House ol" Representatives.
On motion by Mr. SLIDELL, it was
Ordered, That the memorial of John Temple, on the files
of the Senate, foi the confirmation ot his title to a tiact of
land, be referred to the Committee on Private Land Claims.
BAYOU LA FOURCHE.
Mr. SLIDELL submitted the following reso-
lution; which was considered by unanimous con-
sent, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Secretary of War be requested to
communicate to the Senate any information he may possess
in relation to obstructions placed by General Andiew Jack-
son at the mouth of the Bayou La Fourche, in the State of
Louisiana, to prevent the entrance of British vessels and
troops during the invasion of 1814 and 1815; the efteet oa
the navigation of said bayou produced by said obstructions;
together with an eshmate of the probable cost of restoring
said navigation to the state in which it would have been
had said obstructions been not so placed at the mouth of said
Bayou La Fourche.
REPORTS FROM COMMITTEES.
Mr. JONES, of Iowa, from the Committee on
Pensions, to whom was referred the petition of
