1856.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1699
-and not to us. The material is much too valua-
able to escape the vigilant attention of the large
commercial marine of other countries that is afloat
on the ocean.
Mr. TOOMBS. Did I not understand the Sen-
ator to say that it had already been taken posses-
sion of by a public armed vessel of the United
States ?
Mr. MASON. I said that a ship had been
sent there, but we have yet no information of its
arrival.
Mr. TOOMBS. But all the steps have been
taken, and when they shall be done, the title will
be as perfect in the United States as if you passed
a hundred acts of Congress, and the danger of
losing it is no greater ?
Mr. MASON. It is undoubtedly true, that
when possession is taken, the title will be per-
fected in the United States; but I presume the
United States will not embark in business as fac-
tors to obtain guano.
Mr. TOOMBS. I suppose not. But I presume
the United States would let everybody go that
wanted to take it. I do not see why any com-
pany is wanted to carry it from there. As
the title will be perfected in the Government,
on possession being taken by the United States,
and a reasonable time being allowed according
to the law of nations to reduce it into actual pos-
session, I do not see that this bill will in the
slightest degree lessen the danger of losing it, or
in a greater degree perfect the title of the United
States.
Mr. MASON. The Senator from Georgia
misunderstood me if he understood me to say
that a public ship had been sent there to take
possession. The discoverers have seht a ship
to take possession on their own behalf. There
is no 'authority given to the commanding officer
of that ship to take or to retain possession on
the part of the United States Government; so
that if it should result that these discoverers are
deterred from taking possession, no possession
will be taken. That I believe, indeed I am sure,
is the present posture of the affair. Now, sir, I
did not understand the honorable Senator from
Delaware as it seems my colleague did, to say
that this guano was of inferior quality to the Pe-
ruvian guano.
Mr. CLAYTON. Will the honorable Senator
give me permission to state the analysis of this
guano which I hold in my hand?
Mr. MASON. Certainly.
Mr. CLAYTON. The analysis is, one hun-
dred parts consist—
Of crenates and humates of ammonia, oily matter, and lithic
acid  13.30
Phosphoric acid, with lime, forming, vvitli new lime,
bone phosphate  86.00
Sulphate of lime and soda  14 96
Magnesia from humates  2.01
Sand     82
117.49
It will thus be perceived that thisguano is very
valuable. Whether it be more or less valuable
than Peruvian guano, I have not said. Its chief
value, I did say, was derived from the great quan-
tity of sulphates and phosphates to be found ill
it. That is clear from the analysis. The exact
amountof ammonia to be found in it itis difficult
to say from the analysis. There is a portion of
ammonia in it, but nothing like the quantity
whicfy is in the Peruvian guano.
Mr. HUNTER. What is the percentage of
ammonia ?
Mr. CLAYTON. It is given in the analysis
as 13.50 including the crenates and humates of
ammonia, oily matter and lithic acid. The hon-
orable Senator probably knows very well that
Peruvian guano contains from thirteen to seven-
teen per cent, of ammonia.
Mr. MASON. I am not either chemist or •
agriculturist enough to know from the compo- |
nents of this guano how it will compare with the j
guano of the Chmclia Islands; but I am informed j
by those most interested, the representatives of j
the company, that they have been satisfied, from |
the analysis made of the guano since it was j
brought here, that it is more valuable as a fertil-
izer than the same deposit in the Chmclia Islands, j
How the fact is, I do not know. That is their '
representation, and they are most interested in
knowing its quality and its merchantable value. I
I would suggest to my colleague that, so far as
retaining jurisdiction over the price is concerned,
it may be done by modifying the amendment
proposed by me, to which I will assent, and
saying that, " until otherwise provided by law, it
shall be at such rates."
Mr. HUNTER. I will say to my colleague
that I have prepared an amendment which will
meet my view of the case. I believe it is not in
order to offer it now, but 1 will read it for inform-
ation. I propose in the second section to strike
out all after the word " assigns," and insert:
The said discovcrer or discoverers, or his or their as-
signs, may be allowed, at the pleasure of Congress, to chargc
 dollars per ton on ali guano delivered to citizens of the
United States, or for the use of persons within the United
Stares: Provided, however, That no guano shall be taken
from the said island except for the use of such persons:
Jind provided further, That the said duty in favor of the said
discoverers shall be repealed whenever the United States
Government hliall cause to Ic paid to them double the
amount of money expended by them at the tune of the pas-
sageof this law,which said sum is to be asceitained by the
gecietary of thcTieasluy then, or as soon thereauer as may
be practicable, and leporteil to Congress at its next session.
If double the amount expended would not be
enough, I shall be willing to increase it. I de-
sire to compensdte them amply; but my purpose
is, to secure to Congress the control of this sub-
ject on the condition of paying the discoverers
whatever may be an ample reward for the dis-
covery. I propose, therefore, to leave it at the
pleasure of Congress. Let the discoverers re-
ceive a certain duty on all the guano sold to citi-
zens of the United States, and if we should find
that that was operating too hardly on the agri-
cultural interest, let us retain in our hands the
privilege of buying tliem out. I put it at double
the sum they may have expended. If that is
not enough, I am willing to go further; but I
suppose if they were receiving this duty in the
mean time, it would be an ample compensation,
after allowing them to put the guano under duty,
to pay them double the amount they originally
expended. As I said before, if it shall bethought
that this is not enough, I shall be willing to vote
for more; but I think we ought to keep the sub-
ject within our own hands.
I make no question by this amendment as to
the price which the committee propose to allow
them. I do not know what would be a fan-
price. I know, however, that this must be
pretty high. Still, as it is my desire to compen-
sate these men well, if you leave the control in
the hands of Congress, I shall make no objection
to the prices now proposed to be paid. When-
ever it is in order I shall offer my amendment as
a substitute for the second section.
Mr. SEWARD. I wish to submitto the hon-
orable Senator from Virginia whether it will not
answer his purpose entirely to merely limit his
amendment to these words, or equivalent words,
" that these prices shall be subject to regulation
by Congress hereafterat any tune Is not that
enough, without encumbering the bill with details?
To that I see no objection. I think there is rea-
son in the argument that the matter should be
subject to regulation. Congress will undoubtedly
have power, under such a clause, to regulate it so
as to provide for the relinquishment of this mo-
nopoly if necessary; but I agree at the same time
that (Uongress is not likely to abuse that power.
I am glad to hear the honorable Senator state that
lie is not tenacious oil this question of price. I
was- going to submit to him that ten per cent,
which he mentioned, would be quite too small a
compensation. The prices proposed by this bill
are six dollars per ton m the native bed of the
guano, and ten dollars per toil delivered on board
a vessel at the island, showing, therefore, that
four dollars is for the expense of removal from
the bed to the ship. At six dollars per ton, ten per
cent, would be only sixty cents. The honorable
Senator will see at once that for a distant, haz-
ardous, commercial enterprise ss this is, such a
compensation would be entirely inadequate. At
the same time, 1 agree that Congress ought to
have power to regulate it hereafter; and if the
honorable Senator will reduce his amendment to
simply such a one as would leave the regulation
of prices at all times under the control of Con-
gress, I think there would be no objection to it,
and we should pass the bill without any further
tiouble.
Mr. MASON. To enable the bill to be per-
fected before any amendment b« offered from
another quarter, I propose to modify the amend-
ment now pending, by making it read thus;
Deliver said guano to citizens of the United States at
said islands, rocks, or keys, until otherwise provided or
regulated by law, at a puce not exceeding, &o.
Mr. SEWARD. Thatwilldo.
Mr. MASON. That will attain the end "of
keeping the subject under the control of Congress,
which I agree with my colleague is very desir-
able to be done. My own belief is that the sub-
ject will be within the control of Congress, with-
out the insertion of such a clause; but to make it
certain, let it be introduced. But as to his idea
that the right shall be reserved to Congress to
Furcliase the title to the guano on these islands,
cannot consent to that; I never could consent
that Congress should become the administrator
of such a fund as may result from these islands.
Heaven knows we have corrupting funds enough
already; and to make Congress the grand admin-
istrators of beds of guano in islands thousands
of miles away, I submit to my colleague, would
shake the Government far more than it has been
shaken already. I can never consent to that.
Mr. HUNTER. I do not see any fund that
we should be putting into the hands of Congress,
according to my view. If we should buy them
out, we should permit our citizens to go there and
take guano by their own means. We should
have nothing to do in that event, except to pro-
tect them in their occupation. If we allow thesa
discoverers to charge a duty, I suppose we shall
have to appoint some officers to see that the
charges are pioperly made; but if wo were to
buy them out, I see no fund that we should put
into the hands of Congress. We should leave
it to any citizen of the United States to go and
get the guano, and not intrustthe whole matter
to a monopoly.
Mr. MASON. I should be quite as much op-
posed to that. I do not see that Congress ought
to expend money, and a large sum of money, as
a gratuity to those who may use guano. If we
should buy these islands, and then give those
perwons access to them without any chaige or
cost, tlic Government would bo giving a gratuity
to one class of the people of the country.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Mr. President, this is
something of a novel experiment. It is certainly
a very new kind of legislation, never known
before. The bill comes up this morning unex-
pectedly. I have heard the matter mentioned
before, and yet it comes up so suddenly that lam
unable to form any opinion satisfactory to my-
self in regard to it. I want more time; and I risa
forf tlio purpose of inquiring whether, after the
amendments of the committee are proposed and
adopted, the bill will still be open to amendment?
Mr. SEWARD. Certainly.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Then—I merely make
the suggestion, without detaining the Senate
now—let the committee go on and perfect the bill
with the amendments they propose; and when
that is done, the bill as amended should be printed,
so that we can sec precisely how it stands; and
in the mean time we should have a little oppor-
tunity to look into it, for it is certainly an im-
portant matter. Itproposes to grant monopolies.
It is a new kind of legislation, and legislation
; upon an exceedingly important subject. Really
; the subject of price is one that ought to be con-
I sidcred with a little more light than we have now.
j It strikes me, as it strikes the honorable Senator
from Virginia, [Mr. Hunter,] that the price
i proposed to be paid for the guano is exceedingly
, large. If these islands arc worth cultivating, if I
I mav use that expression, for this purpose at all,
! the'price might, I think, well lie reduced without
! diminishing the inducements to gentlemen to
j invest capital in this business; but 1 may be mis-
i taken as to that. I pretend to no fixed opinions
on the subject. I am anxious, as other Senators
must be, to grfc all the encouragement that is
necessary to accomplish the purpose, and to be
liberal in doing so. I should like more time to
do so. 1 therefore suggest whether it would not
!j be well to print the bill as amended, when the
|| amendments are disposed of, so that we may
!i have a little time to examine it?
• | The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Weller.)
i| The question is on the amendments of the Sena-
| j tor from Virginia [Mr. Mason] to the second
}| section.
!i The amendments were agreed to. *
