9T
[February IB,
34th Gong....1st Sess.
Kansas Affairs—Mr. Wilson.
Senate.
who have opposed the uncalled-for and wanton j hot haste you grasned this domain of freedom,
repeal of the Missouri prohibition; if he alludes j and flung it to the slave propaganda. Sir, your
to those who condemn the policy of the Admin-
itftration in Kansas; if he intpaas to charge the i
intelligent, patriotic men who sympathise with ,
the wronged and outraged people of Kansas—
now bravely struggling to preserve their firesides
and altars, their property and lives, against the
armed aggressions of lawless invasions from Mis-
souri—witli a disposition to violate or resist the
laws of the country, or to cherish sectional ani-
mosity and strife, be makes a charge unsupported
by even the shadow of truth; and nere, and now
to his lace, and before the Senate and the coun-,
try, I pronounce the charge utterly unfounded.
If he intends, sir, to insinuate a charge of that
character against me, I promptly meet it, and (
here and now before the Senate I brand it as it ,
deserves. _ , j
The Senator from Connecticut, with an air of |
confident assurance, calls for facts. Evidently
possessed with the vast knowledge embodied in
these documents sent here by the Executive, the
Senator assumes the air and tone of one entitled ,
to speak by authority, and he invites us to deal j
in facts. Sir, he shall have facts; for it so hap- '
pens that the friends of those who are struggling
in Kansas to protect their lives, their property,
their all, against unauthorized power and lawless
violence, know something of the facts which have
transpired there. All knowledge, sir, of affairs
in Kansas is not.in the keeping of the Executive
and his Senator from Connecticut. The tree of
knowledge, sir, was not planted in the Executive
garden; and I sometimes think, if it had been, 1
its forbidden fruits would have been more secure
than were the fruits of that tree plucked by our j
first parents.
The Senator from Connecticut corrfmends us to ,
the consideration of this correspondence; and the j
Senator from California [Mr. W elleIi] asks us 1
to print ten thousand extra copies of it, to be ;
scattered broadcast over the land. I now say— j
and I can establish what I say before any com- [
mittee of investigation, so that no man can ques- 1
tion the declaration—that this correspondence j
utterly and totally misstates and misrepresents the !
state of affairs in Kansas. These documents, sir,-'
are made up of telegraphic: dispatches, of letters, :
of statements, of orders, written by Governor I
Shannon and others, on the rumors of' the hour, !
in a large Territory, at a time when the people
Administration, in answer to the stern protest of
the free laboring-men of the country whose heritage
it was, mocked them with the delusive promise
that the actual settlers were to shape, mold, and
faShionthe institutions of Kansas and Nebraska.
Sir, two years have passed, and your " squatter
sovereignty" is jwwved a delusion anrd' a cheat.
Laws, more inhuman than the code of Draco,
forced upon the actual settlers of Kansas by
armed invading hosts from Missouri, are now to
be enforced by the dragoons of the United States.
The constitution, framed by a convention of the
people, is spurned from the halts of Congress^ the
convention that.formed it is pronounced " spu-
rious" by the Senator from Connecticut;; and the
people who ratified it are branded as traitors by
the Administration and its subalterns.
By the theory of the Kansas-Nebraska act,
Mr. President, the actual settlers were to decide
the transcendent question, whether freedom should
bless or slavery curae the virgin soil of those vast'
Territories, lying in the central regions of the-
continent. The sorts of the fftee Slates—ofPurt-
tan New England, of the gteat cent ml States,
and of the Northwest—men who call no man
master, and who wish to make no man a slave,
were invited to plant upon the soil of Kansas
those institutions that have blessed, beautified,
and adorned the homes of their childlntod. The1!
sons of the South—from regions once teeming
with the rich fruits of fields, now blasted, blighted,
and withered, by the sweat of untutored-and' un-
rewarded toil—were invited to plant, if they could,
the institutions that had dishonoredlabor'in their
own native States, upon the unbroken soil of
Kansas. Sir, the people of the North and the ;
people of the South had a legal and moral right
to go there, when they pleased, how they pleased, ;
and with whom they pleased; in componifes or in ■
single families-; under their awn direction, or
under the auspices of emigrant/aid societies in the
North or the-South. !
Sir, the honorable Senator f¥om Missouri, [Mr. ■
Geyek,] in his remarks the other day. upon-the ji
resolution of inquiry submittedby riie, made the i
extraordinary declaration that the " disorders " t
which lie admits have existed on the borders^ I
" are to be attributed1 to an extraordinary organ- !
iz&tion, called-an4 emigrant-aid society '—the first !
attempt in the history of this country to take pos- I
were deeply agitated by all sorts of reports that \ session of an organized Territory, and exclude
flew over the land in rapid succession. We are ' - •
called upon now to publish these rumors—rumors
that turned out to be exaggerated or false—rumors ,
recognized and admitted to be false by the Gov-1
ernor of the Territory in his conversation and in
his treaty wrttf tlje citizens of Lawrence. Yes,
sir, the Senate is now called upon to print and
send over the country, as oflfejftldpcujnents, these
stupendous misrepresentations of facts. They
will carry a gigantic falsehood to the American
people. He who reads only these documents has
no accurate knowledge, no true conception of the
actual condition of anairs in Kansas at the tim'c
covered by them.
The year of 185i'opened upon avast territory,
lying in the heart of-thecontihent, extendingfrom
thirty-six degrees thirty minutes on the south to
the possessions of the Brttfarfh<iueen oh the north,
from the borders of Missenri, Iowa, and Minne-
sota on the east, to the satasws -oj the IJpcky
mountains on the west. Over tfeat territory,
larger than the empire of Napoleon When, at the
head of the grand army, he-gazed.upon that
" ocean of flame" that wrapt the minarets, U*r-
rets, and towers of the ancient capital of the
Czars, the Republic,on the 6th of March, 183ft,
engraved in letters of liviiiglightthesacrfd words,
" Slavery shall be, and is forever, prohibited! "
Slavery, with hungry gaze, glared upon the
forest and prairie, hill and mountain, lake and
river, of that magnificent region it was forever
forbidden to enter. Fixing its glittering eye upon
from it the inhabitants'of other portions of the
Union." I am amazed that the Senator from
Missouri should make-such a declaration on the
floor of the Senate. When, and how did the ;
"emigrant aid society " "attempt to take pos->
session of an organized Territory, and to exclude '
from it the inhabitants of 'other portions of the I
Union ?" Will the Senator tell us when that
"attempt" was-made? Wilt he tell us where it
was made? Will he tell Us how it w s made?!
Here and-now-1 challenge the Senator to give'us
one single faOt to sustain the declaration he has
so unjustly made against men of stainless purity.
The Senator avows that men from his State
" have passed over the borders," but they have
done so (he tells us) " to-protect the ballot-box
from the attempt of armed colonists to control the
elections there." When and how were the bal-
lot-boxes assailed by "armed colonists" from
the North ? I oa.il upon the Senator from Mis-
souri, I challenge any Senator, to furnish one
fa«t, one single authenticated fact, to- sustaitrthis ;
assumption* ;
Sir, the emigrant aid society of New England
has violatedno law, human or divine: Stand ing ,
here, sir, before the Senate and the oountr-y, I
challenge the Senator from Missouri, or any. other >
Senator, to furnish to the Senate one fact, one
anthentieated fact, to show- that the emigrant aid
society has performed any illegal act, any act
inconsistent with the obligations of patriotism,
morality, or religion. Sir, the President of the
. j• j®. <=> ~ \n iciigMjii. oh, wie jrreaiueiiL t)i ine
that paradise, consecrated by the nation to free- ! United States has arraigned before the country
dom and free institutions for all, hallowed forever , these emigrant aid societies. The osg-ans of the
Administration have assailed them, and now the
to free men and free labor, the slave power, in
the person of the late President of the Senate, the
Si°-ri of these border aggressions, demanded that
this heritage of free labor should be opened to the
withering*ftKrtsteps of the bondsman. Sir, with
Senator from Missouri here, on the floor of the
Senate, renews the assault. Sir, 1 call upon, I
defy any supporter of the Administration, any
apologist of Atchison, Stringfellow, and' their
followers, to give ua one act of the directors of
tire New England emigrant aid society hostile
to law, ordvr, and peace. I know most of these
gentlemen thus wantonly assailed, and I know
them to be law-abiding, order-loving, conservative
men. I defy the Senator from Missouri, the Sen-
ator from Connecticut, or the Chief Magistrate
at the other end of the avenue, to show here, or
elsewhere-, that the emigrant aid society ever
violated a law of this country or performed ajl
: act which could-not receive the sanction of the
| laws of God a(i& man. Sir, they have sent no
paupers or criminals to Kansas. They have sim-
ply organized a system by which persons wish-
ing to-go to Kansas muy go in small companies,
and, by going together and starting at a particular
time and place, may have the cost of their fare
reduced abotit thirty-three per cent. This com-
pany has built a hotel in Kansas, has sent some
saw-mills there, has aided in establishing schools
and churches. That is the extent of their offence
—-no more, no less.
Mr: President, on-the 29th of July, 1854, within
sixty days after the passage of the Kansas-Ne-
braska erct, a meeting was'callpd at Weston, Mis-
souri, by the «• Platte County Self-Defensive
Association." Resolutions were adopted declar-
j1 ing that the association, whenever called upon
| by airy of the citizens of Kansas Territory, will
- hold itself in readiness to assist in removing any
1 and-all emigrants who go there under the auspices
of the northern emigration aid societies.
Before the feet of the first emigrants who went
there under the auspices of the emigrant aid
society pressed the soil of Kansas, this " Platte
County Self-Defensive Association," under the
gaidaiice of B. F., Stringfellow, proclaimed to the
World' its readiness to cross into Kansas and
remove actual settlers from their new homes.
Under the'lead of this lawless association, other
meetings were held in western Missouri, and
resolutions adopted in-favor of carrying slavery
into Kansas, and in denunciation of emigrants
. from the free States who should go there under
the auspices of the emigrant aid societies:
i -On-the-9th of August, more than two-months
j after'the'Kansas-Nebraska act was passed, a f«w
j persons wentirtto thftt'Terrk-ory from the East,
i They went there urfdet the auspices of that society
j referred to the other day so unjustly by the Sen-
j ator from Missouri. Early in' the autumn of 1854
the Missouri guardians of Kansas crossed over
i into the Territory, and, by force of arms, endeav-
ored- to drive from their hemes-the-few persons
! who had begun the little settlement at Lawrence.
But these Platte county association-heroes found
i a little bared of about thirty New England men,
: under the lead of Charles Robinson—the Miles
' Standish of Kansas—ready to meet the issue with
i powder and ball, and they retreated' W their
homes-, preferring to live to fight another day..
The Senator from Connecticut referred "with an
air of triumph to the election which took place
on the 29th day of November, 1854. Oft that
day Mr. Whitfield waselaeted—and triumphantly
elected—a Delegate fro in that Territory. No one
ever questioned the fact that he had a majority
of the legal voters of the Territory on thai day;
but, in addition to that fact, men familiar with the
j Territory declare that he received the votes of
more than one thousand inhabitants ofMiss&uri,
who crossed the line and voted on that occasion.
; I hold in my hand, sir* a paper drawn up and
signed by General Pomeroy—a gentleman of in-
telligence, of personal honor, whose veracity no
man who knows him can ever question. Prom
this-memorial, addressed to Congress^, I quote the-
fallowing* words eonoepning the election of the
29th of November, 1854:
" The first ballot-box that ifas opened upon our virgin
sail was ctosed-to us by overpowering numbers *nd im-
pqt)(Ung| fbfae. So bold and reckless were our invaders,
that they cared not to conceat their attack. They came
upon us; not in the jpiise of' voters, to steal away our fran-
chise, but boRlty and openly, to snatch it with a strong- '
hand. They came directly from their own homes,, and in
roqipactand organized, bands, with arms in hand and pro-
visions for the expedition, inarched to our polls, and, when
their work was done, returned whence they came. It is un-
necessary to enter into the details; it is enough to say that
in three districts, in whicjijby the most'irrefragable evi-
dence, there were not one hundred and fifty voters, most
of whom refused to participate in the mockery of the elect-
ive franchise, these invaders polled over a thousan-1
