1700
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 22,
Mr. MASON. The remaining amendments
are only verbal, to make the other sections eon-
form to the preceding ones. 1 move, in section
four, line three, after the word " island," to strike
out " or territory," and insert " rocks or keys."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. MASON. The next is in the sixth sec-
tion, in line three,after the word "island," to
strike out " or territory," and insert " rocks or
keys."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. MASON. The next is in line ten, of sec-
tion six, after the word " island," to strike out
" or territory," and insert " rocks or keys."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. MASON. There is another amendment.
I propose to strike out the third section, and insert
in lieu of it a section substantially t.he same, but
differently worded. The provision to be inserted
is:
Sec. 3. -ind be it further enacted, That the introduction
of guano from such islands, rocks, or lceys, shall be regu-
lated as is the coasting trade between different parts of Ihe
United States, anil the same laws shall govern the vessels
concerned therein.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. CLAYTON. If the honorable Senator
from Virginia [Mr. Hunter] will strike out the
last proviso in the amendment suggested by him,
I shall be strongly inclined to go for it. That
proviso, I think, should be stricken out, but the
other part of his amendment occurs to me to be
important. He proposes that, if we grant pro-
tection to people who have discovered these
islands, and to others who may discover islands
of a similar character hereafter, we shall have an
exclusive right m the United Slates to consume
this guano at a reasonable price. 1 think that is
fair. The sale should be restricted to our own
citizens; or, in other words, the unlimited right
to sell to everybody who may choose to buy
should not be confened, if we have the whole
responsibility of defending these islands and the
rights of the discoverers.
I will be liberal in regard to the amount, but I
am not quite prepared to pronounce at this time
what sum would be a suitable allowance. I ac-
quiesced very readily ill the suggestion of ten
dollars a ton, supposing that to be proper. If 1
knew better the real value of the guano, I could
form a better judgment how much the discoverer
should be entitled to. If, for example, this guano
were like Peruvian guano, the benefits conferred
on the country would be such that I should oe
very glad to allow ihom twelve dollars a ton for it;
but 1 do not know that. I should suppose that
was entirely too much if they discovered an
island (7n which there was nothing better than
Mexican guano. However, 1 should be willing
to make some reduction on this amount, one or
two dollars a ton, so as to make it ten dollars;
but in regard to the restriction of the Senator from
Virginia, which proposes to limit the sale of
guano to our own people, lam decidedly in favor of
it, for we are to have the sole duty of protecting
the discoverers in their rights. I wish to com-
pensate them fully, but I want the nation to have
the benefit of the discovery.
Mr. HUNTER. I accept the suggestion of
the Senator from Delaware. 1 will strikeout the
last proviso of my amendment. My proposition
is to strike out the words, " in older that," in
the first line of the second section, and to strike
out all after the woid "assigns," in the second
line, to the end of the section, and to insert:
May lie allowed, at the pUm- iim' of Cnnirros, to charge
  doltais per ton on all yuano delivered to eiti/ens of
the United States, oi for the um; of peisons witlnn the
United Slates : Provided, hotrcva, That no guano shall be
taken [mm said islands except lor the use of sueh per-
son-,.
So that the section will read, " that the said
discoverer, or discoverers, or his or their assigns,
may be allowed," &c.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Now I ask the Senator
from Virginia, whether he will not yield to a mo-
tion to allow the bill, with his proposed amend-
ment., to bo printed and postponed?
Mr. 1IUNTEU. I am willing to agree fo that
as far as I am concerned, but the bill is ill charge
of my colleague.
Mr. MASON. X should be gratified to have
the bill passed, but 1 yield to the suggestion.
Mr. FESSENDEN. It is a matter of import-
ant legation, which, I think, ought to be well
considered. X move now that the further con-
sideration of the bill be postponed to Thursday,
and that the bill, as amended, be printed with the
proposed amendment of the Senator from Vir-
ginia, [Mr. Hunter.]
Mr. MASON. The bill and amendments can
be printed by to-morrow.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I suppose we shall not
get them until the time of meeting to-morrow. I
should like to have time to look into the bill and
consider it when I shall have it before me in a
printed form. I adhere to my motion to postpone
to Thursday.
The motion was agreed to; and the bill as
amendad was ordered to be printed.
DANISH SOUND DUES.
Mr. MASON. I ask the Senate now to take
up for consideration the resolution reported by
the Committee on Foreign Relations on the sub-
ject of the Danish Sound dues. It has been a
long time pending, and it is important that it
should be disposed of. *
Mr. BELL, of Tennessee. Is there not a bill
pending which was left as the unfinished busi-
ness of yesterday ?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
from Virginia moves that the Senate proceed to
the consideration of the resolution which he has
mentioned; the question is on that motion.
Mr. BELL, of Tennessee. If that resolution
be taken up, of course we shall have no more
consideration for the harbor and river improve-
ment bills. I can easily understand why my
friend from Virginia would like to have the Sen-
ate go into a discussion on the subject of the
treaty with Denmark, in regard to the Sound
dues.
Mr. MASON. I have no desire in the world,
I can assure the Senator, to interfere with these
bills. They have shown themselves strong
enough to take care of themselves. My motion
was not made with reference to them; but after
conversation with various Senators on this reso-
lution, I intended to propose more than a week
ago to take it up, but I have been postponed to
this time.
Mr. P,ELL, of Tennessee. Then I beg the
Senator's pardon; but I think we had better pro-
ceed with the internal improvement bills as we
have entered upon them. We have been en-
gaged in the consideration of these bills for a
northern latitude, and a pretty high degree of it.
I should like to have us come down to some lower
latitude before we dispose of that subject.
Mr. SEWARD, i hope the honorable Sen-
ator from Virginia will allow us to go on with
the unfinished business of yesterday, the internal
improvement bills, and dispose of them to-day.
1 think it was understood yesterday that we were
to give him the morning hour for the consider-
ation of the guano bill, and then go on with the
improvement bills.
Mr. MASON. I did not so understand. I said
yesterday that I should ask the Senate to-day to
take up the resolution pertaining to the Danish
treaty; and I understand the Senator from New
York to say that there was time enough for both,
inferring, therefore, that he yielded precedence to
my proposition.
Mr. SEWARD. I misunderstood the Senator.
I thought his allusion was to tile guano bill.
Mr. MASON. It really has become important
that the decision of the Senate should be taken
in regard to the Danish treaty question. We
maybe embarrassed in our relations with other
Governments if, the question having been raised,
it should not be disposed of finally by the Sen-
ate. It has remained pending for a long time,
and it has been overruled by more interesting
questions—such as the Kansas question, and
others.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on the motion of the Senator from Virginia to
take up the resolution to which he has referred.
Mr. MASON. On that question I ask for the
yeas and nays
The yeas and nays were ordered; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 16, nays 20; as follows:
YEAS—Me^sr:-. Adams, liiffL'S, Brorlhead, Clayton, Fitz-
patrick, Houston, Hunter, lverson. Johnson, Mallory,
Mason, lieid, Slulell, Thomson of IVew Jersey, Toombs,
and Wcllor—16.
NAYS—Messrs. Bell of New Hampshire, Hell of Ten-
nessee, Benjamin, Cass. Collamer, Dodge, Durkce, Fes-
senden, Pish, Foot, Foster, Geyer, Hale, Hamlin, Jones of
Iowa, Pugh, Seward, Trumbull, Wade, and Wilson—20.
So the motion was not agreed to.
RACINE HARBOR.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. When the
Senate adjourned yesterday they had under con-
sideration, as in Committee of the Whole, the
bill (S. No. 89) for continuing the improve,ment
of the harbor of Racine, Wisconsin.
No amendment being proposed, the bill was
reported to the Senate without amendment; and
the question being on ordering it to be engrossed,
and read a third time,
Mr. ADAMS called for the yeas and nays,
and they were ordered; and being taken, resulted
—yeas 24, nays 12; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Allen, Bell of New Hampshire, Bell of
Tennessee, Benjamin, Ca^s, Clayton, Collamer, Dodge,
Durkee, Fessenden, Fish, Foot, Foster, Geyer, Hamlin,
Johnson, Jones of Iowa, Pugh, Sebastian, Seward, Thom-
son of New Jersey, Trumbull, Wade, and Wilson—24.
NAYS—Messrs. Adams. Biggs, Bigler, Brodhead, Fitz-
patriek, Houston, Hunter, Mallory, Mason, Ileid, Toombs,
and Weller—12.
The bill was read the third time and passed.
HARBOR OF KENOSHA.
On motion of Mr. SEWARD, the Senate, as ia
Committee of the Whole, proceeded to consider
the bill (S. No. 90) for continuing the improve-
ment of the harbor of Kenosha, Wisconsin.
The bill, as introduced by Mr. Dodge, pro-
posed to appropriate $15,5Q0, to be expended
under the direction of the War Department, for
continuing the improvement of the harbor of
Kenosha, (formerly Southport,) Wisconsin, on
Lake Michigan.
The Committee on Commerce proposed two
amendments; first, to strike out $15,500, and in-
sert |31.353 70; and second, to strike out " con-
tinuing," and insert " completing."
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on the first amendment of the Committee on
Commerce.
Mr. HUNTER. I know, sir, that on this
subject I am in a hopeless minority, and it is use-
less to make any resistance to these bills; and,
therefore, I have not troubled the Senate with my
views on these questions; but it seems to me that
the Committee on Commerce are pressing these
subjects onus with so much rapidity as to require
at least an explanation. We have no reports
accompanying the bills; or, if there be any, I
have heard none read. 1 do not know whether
we are passing them upon estimates, or upon
plans furnished by competent persons. We are
not informed what is to be the amount of expend-
iture, of which this is but the commencement.
We do not know what are the principles—for I
suppose there must be some principles—by which
the committee is guided in passing these bills, or
whether the only consideration with them is to
distribute the money amongst those who are
most anxious for it. As far as 1 can see, an
applicant for a harbor or river improvement has
very little more to do than to file his application
at your desk, sir. We seem to be voting these
appropriations without light, without knowledge,
and without any information in regard even to
the question of the propriety of these measures
as measures of internal improvement, putting out
of view the power. We have no information in
regard to such considerations as are proper to the
points involved. We know nothing about the
amounts to be expended, nordo we know whether
we are voting on the plans and estimates of the
engineer department.
Mr. SEWARD. The whole of this subject is
an old one. It has been before the Senate of the
United States, and before both Houses of Con-
gress, for a great many years. The facts have
been elaborately reported upon year after year
by the corps of topographical engineers. There
is nothing new in these bills since the subject was
before the Senate last year, and they were vetoed.
In regard to this particular bill,! have the esti-
mate made on the 31st day of December, 1855,
by Colonel Graham, after the survey of the whole
work, and the estimate is:
For ehevaux de fnse  $750 00
For crib work       19,006 88
For dredging channel 
For dredging basm west of piers  9.669 20
For dredging in north and west arms of basin... 20,060 34
Total required for Kenosha harbor $58,047 24
