1856.}
AFPETVDIX TO TME CH3NCHRBSSKJNAIL GLOBE.
M
34th Cong.... 1st Sess.
Kansas Affairs—Mr. Witaon.
Senate.
An examination of details will reveal the extent
of this fraud. In the seventh election district
of Kansas six hundred and four votes were cast
on the 29th of November, 1854. Of these, Whit-
field received five hundred and ninety-seven—all
but seven. Three months afterwards the census
was taken,and there were onlyftfty-three voters in
theseventh district. Who went there to vote ? Or-
ganized, armed, disciplined men from the State of
Missouri; and all the votes but seven in that dis-
trict weregiven for Mr. Whitfield. DoestheSena-
tor from Missouri call that "protecting the ballot-
box against armed colonists?" In the eleventh
district* on the same day, two hundred and-thir-
ty-seven votes were given. In February follow-
ing, when the census was taken, there were but
twenty-fbur voters in that district, whieh, three
months before, had given Whitfield two hundred
and thirty-seven votes—all but three of the whole
number cast. And within thirty days after the
eensus was taken, three hundred and twenty-
eight votes were given in this district, having only
twenty-four voters; yet the Senator from Mis-
souri gravely informs the Senate that Missourians
only crossed over the borders " to protect the
ballot-boxes against armed colonists'' sent there
under the auspices of emigrant aid societies.
That these Missourians crossed the line and voted
on that day fbr Whitfield, no one doubted; but
he had a majority of the voters of the Territory,
and for tkmt reason, his election was not contested.
That is the answer to the Senator from Connec-
ticut, who has built his argument on that fhct.
The character of this invasion will appear in
an extract from a speech made by one of these
modern heroes, (General Stringfellow,) who, ac-
eordingto the Senatorfrom Missouri, crosses over
into Kansas " to protect the ballot-boxes from
the armed colonists" from the free States. This
speech was made just before the election of No-
vember 29,1854, to which the Senatorfrom Con-
necticut has referred, with so much confidence, at
St. Joseph, Missouri. In thatspeech General String-
fellow said:
" I tell you to mack every scoundrel among you that, is
the least tainted with free-soihsm or abolitionism, and ex-
terminate him. Neither fire nor take quarter from the
damned rascal. I propose to mark- them in this house, and
on the present occasion, so that you may ckcsu thkm oct."
" Crush them out" is the language. Yon will
remember, sir, that the Attorney General of the
United States—a man who spent the dew of his
youth and the vigor of his early manhood in .as-
sailing Democratic statesmen, and who is now '
giving the mature years of his life to undermining
and perverting Democratic principlfes-^sent an ;
edict to Massachusetts, pending the election in
1853, that the President'' was up ta the occasion,i'
and intended " to crush out the element ofaboli- >
tionism." General Stringfellow, like1 the Presi- |
dent, is " up to the occasion." He ha? caught |
up the word of the Attorney General. "He is going;;
to mark the Free-Soilers, he says, that you may
" crush them out." I think his success, sir, will
be about equal to the success which followed
the efforts of the President and General Gushing,
in " crushing out the element of abolitionism."
The elections of the last two years have shown ;
who is the crusher and who is the crushed. Gen-
eral Stringfellow continue?: j
"To those who haye qualns of ceaMieace a* to viWat- '
tag laws, State or National, the time has come when sucb
impositions must be«ligceg 484f as.yaar- rigbts aad proper-
ty are in daiijer; and I advise you, one and atf, to enter,
every election district m Kansas, tn defiance of Reeder, and,
his rUs myrmidons, and vote at lite point of Vie bowie-knife
aad revolver. Neitfc<jt give iws take quarter, a« our ease
demands it. It is enough that the slaveholding interest wilto
it, from which there is  o appeal. What nghtha? Gov-
ernor Reeder to rule Mtssoarians in Kansas? His procla-
mation and prescribed oatii must be repudiated. It is your
interest to do se. Mind that uSayer}- is established where
it is unprohibited."
" Q,uaJm  of conscience aa to violating laws,
State or National!" No, sir, that will never
do! " Such impositioas must be disregarded!''
" Every election district in Kansas must be en-
tered. by. ojne and all," and they must "vote at
the point of the bow^-kniffe «ujd revolver!" Is
that the way these border genttenaea pasS over
the line, aecording to theSenatorfrom Missouri,
" to protect the ballot-boxea against the Kmed
colonists;"'
" (Qualms of conscience about viol
State or National," were given up, and they
i' entered into every election district in Kansas,
in spite of the proclamation of Reeder," and
made the election of Whitfield doubly sure. The
Senate will remember that the Senatorfrom Mis- ,
souri assures us that Missourians only crossed
the borders to " protect the ballot-boxes against
the armed colonists" from the East.
Sir, I commend-to the especial consideration of
the Senator from Missouri the advice of General
Stringfellow, to give tip all " qualms of conscience
as to violating laws, Stater or National," and to
" enter every election district' in Kansas." Is that
the way Missourians " protect the ballot-boxes
over the borders?"
Mr. BUTLER. Allow me to ask the Senator's
authority for the remarks of General String*
fellow.
Mr. WILSON. L quote from a speech made
toy General Stringfellow, published in a western
Missouri paper, republished throughout the coun-
try and never denied by him. General String'
fellow has since said, in a letter to the people
of the Soutl , that if the Missourians had genB
into Kansas and ruled it once, they could do it
again. The men in western Missouri who were
the first to accept the advice of their leader, do
not deny these things. They openly proclaim
their intentions, and act upon them. Sir, I can
respect the frankness of crime muoh more than
the wriggling efforts, by. apology, innuendo, and
assertion, to falsify facts and to impeach the inno-
cent.
Mr. BUTLER. I do not intend- to deny any-
thing that Geoeral. Stringfellow assumed to say.
I know General Stringfellow very well, and I
presume he would stand up to-morrow and face
the music. I do not suppose that he would re-
treat, no* do I deny anything which is imputed
to him, except, it may be, the bad taste of the
language used in what the Senator has read.
[Laughter.] As' to his whipping Reeder, every-
body knows it. [Laughter.]
Mr. WILSON. Well, sir, I do not wish to
contend with the Senator about the taste of this
border hero.
I proceed now-with the facts. The census of
Kansas was taken, by the direction of Governor
Reeder, in February, 1855, and then there were
eight thousand five hundred inhabitants, and two
thousand eight hundred-and seventy-seven legal
voters,iirthe Territory. At the ensuing election—
on the 30th of March, 1855—four thousand voters
from the State of Missouri passed into that Terri-
tory, and gave their votes. Lawrence, according
to the census, was entitled to less than five hundred
votes. But, sir, nine hundred and fifty were cast,
although nearly one- half the legal voters of Law-
rence, if -we are to ,believe the testimony of some
of their wost respectable. citizens, refused to vote
on that day. More than eight hundred Miasou-
rians, armed to'the teath, led by Colonel Young,
x lawyer of western Missouri, -went toLawrenee,
the home of the New England men so often as-
sailed and so much misrepresented in the docu-
ments before usi Colonel Young made a speech,
declaring that he would vote or. would died his
blood. He toolr the precaution, however, to
swrear in his vote. He had more regard for.'his
lifo thaD hie had for his conscience.
Mr. YULRE. Witt die Senator excuse me far
amoraent?
Mr. WILSON. Certainly.
Mr. YULEE. I have.been listening with wrack
interest to the Senator's remarks, ana li desire to--
aBk him, as he-proceeds, with hi® statements of
feet, to refer . t*s to tlte authority-on which he
relies*
Mr. WILSON. Mr. President, I state what I
have- said on the authority =of Mr. Hutchinson,
a lawyer of Lawrence, and a rejected free State
member of the'Legislature of 'Kansas, elected in
1655, and now present in the Senate Chamber—
a man, sir, of intelligence, of conscience, and of
character. And what he says is confirmed by the
memorial of General Pomeroy, to whieh I have
referred, setting forth-certain facts which trans-
pired on that day. I will read what this gentle-
man says in regard to the Lawrence district:
" In the Lawrence district speeches were made to them
by leading residents of Missouri, in which it was said that
they would o^rry their purpose, if need be, at the point of
the bayonet and bowie-knife; and one voter was fired at as
he was driven from the election ground. Finding they had
a greater force than was necessary for that poll, some two
hundred men were drafted from the number and sent oft'
onder their proper officers to another district, after which
they still polled from this camp over seven hundred votes."
General Pomeroy says that in th& fourth and
seventh districts, along the Santa Fe road:
" The invaders came together in one armed and organized
bod}r, with trains of fifty wagons, besides horsemen; and,
the night before election, pitched their camp in the vicinity
of the polls; and having appointed their own judges in place
of those who, from intimidation or otherwise, lailed to at-
tend, they voted without any proof of residence. In these
two election districts,where the census shows one hundred
voters, there were polled three hundred and fourteen
votes."
In the Leavenworth district, hundreds of men
breakfasted in Missouri, voted1 in Kansas, and
returned on the same day to Missouri. While
the voting was going on, oneof their leaders made
a speech, in which he told the Platte county boys
that they must stand aside and let the Clay county
boys vet®- first, because they had the furthest to
go in returning to their homes;, and the Platto
county boys of Missouri stood aside and allowed
the Clay county boryaof Missouri to vote first and
go home.
Thie memorial declares that
" Hundreds of men came together in the Sixteenth difr>
triet, crossing the river from Missouri tlie day before elec-
tion and encamping together, armed and provisioned, made
the fiercest threats against the lives of the judges, and
during the night eolled several times at the house of one of
them for the purpose of intimidating him, declaring, in the
gresence of his wife that a ropehad been prepared to hang
im; and although we are not prepared to say that thesa
threats would have been carried out, yet they served to pro-
duce his resignation, and give these invaders, in the sub*
stitution, control of the polls; aod on the morning of the
election, asteamboat brought from the town of Weston,
Missouri, to Leavenworth, an accession to their number
of several hundred more, who returned in the same boat,
after depositing their .votes. There were over nine hun-
dred and fifty votes polled, besides from one hundred to
one hundred and fifty actual residents who were deterred
or discouraged from voting, while the census returns show
but three hundred and eighty-five votes in the district a
month before. Not less than six hundred votes were here
given by these non-residents of the Territory, who voted
without being sworaas to their qualifications, and imme-
diately after the election returned back to.Missouri, soma
of them being the incumbents of important public offices
there."
I will now, sir, quote what, General Pomeroy1
says of the flection in the eighteenth district; and
I aslc the'attention of-the Senator from Missouri
to this- statement;
" In.ffie eighteenth election district, where the {Mpiulation
was sparse, and no-great amount of foreign votes wag
needed-to overpower itKa detachment .front SliBeouri, from
siwyto.ofle hun4rqd, passed in With - a-traia of wagons*
arms, and ammunition, making their camp the night before
the election near Moorestown, the place of the polls, with-
out even a pretext of'residence, and returning immediately
to-Missouri after tlwir wwk wardone; their leader and cap-
tain being.a distinguished, citizen of Missouri,, but late the
presiding officer or tHe Senate of the United States, and
who had-howi'e-knift and revolver belted around Mm, ap-
parently ready to shed the Mood ofanyman who refused to
heeashmd. All thetefact? w« ai>e:prc are(ito e«tablwl)i
if neeessary, by proof that w.oukb hp poj s«d¥fe4 comeeieat
in a court of justice."'
General Pomeroy expresses the opinion,
" That not leas, than (hfeathousaad votes were given by
these armed invaders, who came organized in bands with
officers, and arms, and tents, and provisions, and munitions
of war, as though they were inarching upon a foreign foe,
instead of theh[..own unoffending, fellow citizens. Upon
the principal road leading into our Territory, and passing
several impoxtautpoUs, theynumbered>iot lese than twelve
hmjd^ed-men, aad one camp alone contained n^t less than
six hundred. They arrived at their several destinations the
night before the election, and.having pitched their camp*
aud plaoed theiraentries, waited for the coming day.. Bag-,
gage-wagons were there, with arms andammuoition.enougU
for a protracted fight, and among them two Ijrass field-pieces,
ready charged. They, came with drums beating and flag*
flying, and their leaders wete of tha most prominent and
conspicuous nuen Of. their State."
; Haw very considerate it was, Mr. President,
i  these " prominent and conspicuous menwithi
their baggage-wagons, and cannons, and rifles#
and th-uins, and flying flags,, to lead the men of
western Missouri over into the forests and
prairies of Kansas, to protect the balkit-boxe*
from those dangerous men the armed Colonists
of New.England.! -
Sir, the gentleman from Connecticut wishes to
kaow- why-the seats of the legislators elected bv
the Missourians were not .contested. I will tell
him: Mr. Phillips, a young lawyer of Leaven-!
worthy not-himself a,candidate, took measures to-
have the seat; of tha member from the sixteenth
district contested—and what was the, remit? Hec
