102
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 29,
sion. King, Knapp, Knight, Knowlton, Knox, Kunkel,
Leiter, Mace, McCarty, Meacham, Killian Miller, Morgan,
-Morrill, Mott, Murray, Nichols, Norton, Andrew Oliver,
Parker, Pearee, Pelton, Pennington, Perry, Pettit, Pike,
Pringle, Purviance, Ritchie, Sabm, foage, Sapp, Sirnmons,
Spinner, Stanton, Stranahan, Tappan. Thorington, Thurs-
ton, Todd, Trafton, Tyson, Wade, Wakeman, Walbndge,
Waldron, Cadwalader C. Washburne, Ellihu B. Wash-
burne, Israel Washburn, Watson, Welch, Wood, Wood-
ruff, and Woodworth* ^ 4ii
For Mr. Richardsotk—Messrs. Aiken, Allen, Barclay,
Barksdale, Bell, Henry S. Bennett, Bocock, Bowie, Boyce>
Brooks, Cadwalader, Caruthers, CTtskie, Clingman, Howell
Cobb, Williamson R. W. Cobb, Craige, Crawford, David-
son, Denver, Dowdeli, Edmundson, Elliott, English, Faulk-
ner, Florence, Thomas J. D. Fuller, Goode, Greenwood,
Augustus Hail, Sampson: W. Harris, Thomas L. Harris,
Herbert, Houston, George W. Jones, J. Glancy Jones, Kelly,
Kid well, Letcher, Lumpkin, Samuel S. Marshall, Maxwell,
McMulhh, McQueen, Smith Miller, Millson, Mordecai Oli-
ver, Orr, Peck, Powell, duitman, Ruffin, Rust, Sandidge,
Savage, Seward, Shorter, Samuel A. Smith, William Smith,
Stephens, Stewart, Taylor, Vail, Warner, Walkms,Wells,
Winslow, and John V. Wright.
For Mr. Fuller—Messrs. Broom, John P. Campbell, Car-
lisle, Cox, Cuilen, Henry Winter Davis, Etherulge, Eustis,
Foster, J. Morrison Harris, Kennett, Lake, Lindley,
Humphrey Marshal!, Miilwaid, Pame, Porter. Puryear,
Roade, Ready, Rivers, William it. Smith, Sneed, Swope,
Trippe, Underwood, Valk, Walker, Whitney, and Zolli-
colter.
For Mr. Pennington—Messrs. Edwards, Harrison, Haven,
Moore, and Scott.
For Mr. Orr—Mr. Evans.
For Mr. Letter—Mr. Dunn.
For Mr. Williams—Mr. Wheeler.
JFbr Mr. Whitney—Mr. Henry M. Fuller.
For Mr. Millson—Mr. Richardson.
Mr. BALL, (at throe o'clock, p. m.) I move
that the House do now adjourn.
Mr. ORR demanded tellers.
Tellers were ordered.
Mr. STEPHENS. I call for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken, and there were—yeas
20, nays 179; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Ball, John P. Campbell, Caruthers, Cox,
Ktheridge, Evans, Henry M. Fuller, Gilbert, Harrison,
Luullcy, MeUueen, Porter, Ready, Shorter, Sneed, Swope,
Tyson j Underwood, Walker, and Zoilicoffcr—20.
NAYS—Messrs. Aiken, Albright, Allen, Allison, Bar-
bour, Barclay, Barksdale, Bell, Ilenry Bennett, Henry S.
Bennett, Ilcuson, Billinghurst, Bingham, Bishop, Bliss,
Bocock, Bowie, Boyce, Bradshaw, Bronton. Broom, Buf-
fington, Burhngmne, Cadwalader, James H. Campbell,
Lewi* D. Campbell, Cnrhle, Caskio, Chalice, Ezra Claik,
dawson, (imgman. Howell Cobb, Williamson R. W.
Cobb. Colfax, Comius, Cragm, Oraigo, Crawlord, Cuilen,
CumbuoK, Dannell, Davidson, Henry Winter Davis, Tim-
othy Dnvin, l)«y, Dean, Denver, I)e Witt, Dick, Dickson,
Dodd, Dowdeli, Dunn, Durl'ee, Kdie, Edmundson, Ed-
wards, Elliott, lOmrie, English, Faulkner, Flagler, Florence,
Foster, Thomas J. D. Fuller, (Jallownj', Gidding*, Uoodc,
(•ranker. Greenwood, Grow, Augu.stus Hall, Robeit tt.
Mall, Harlan, J. Morrison flairs, Sampson W. Harris,
Thomas L. Harris, Haven, Herbert, Ilolloway, Thomas R.
Ilorton,Valentine B. Morton, Houston, Howard, ilugbston,
George W. Jones, J. Gluncy Jones, Kelly, Kidwell, King,
Knap]), Knight. Knowlton, Knox, Kunkcl, Lake, Loiter,
Letcher, Lumpkin, Humphtey Marshall, Samuel S. Mar-
Khali, Matteson, Maxwell, McCarty, McMulHn, Meuehain,
Killian Miller, Smith Miller, Millson, Moore, Morgan,
Monill, Mott, Murray, Nichols, Norton, Androw Oliver,
Mordof-ai Oliver, Orr, Parker, I'earce, lJeel;, Pelton, Pen-
nington, Berry, Pettit, Pike, Pringie, Purvianeo, Puryear,
tjuitmnn, JWde,RiehardMm, Ritchie, Rivers, Ruftin, Ru>t,
Hatnn, Sage, Sandidtf*', Sapp, Savage, Seott, Sewaid,
Simmons. Hamuel A. Smith, William Smith, William R.
Smith, Spninrr, Stanton, Stephens, Stewart, Stranahan,
Tappan, T.ijlnr, TJiorington, Thurston, Todd, Trafton,
Tnppe, Vail, VVade, Waki-man, Walbrubje, Waldron,
Warner, Cadwalader C. Wa,-hhmne, Elhhu B. Washburne,
Israel Washburn, Watkms, Watson, Welch, Wheeler,
Whitney, Wui>luvv, Wood, Woodiulf, Woodworth, and
John V. WriHht—179.
So the House refused to adjourn.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I would be glad,
Mr. Clerk, to gain the attention of the House for
a few minutes; and I promise the House I will
not occupy it Ion**1. It will be in the recollection
of this House, that some days ago a question
was raised here as to the position of one of the
gentleman who is voted for as Speaker of this
House—the gen fleman from Massachusetts, [Mr.
Banks. J It will also he recollected by this House
thatagcnllcwan from Massachusetts of the Amer-
ican party (Mr. Damrelt., I think,) corrected
me in my statement, by denying wliat I said.
Sir, I hatf, of course, no full knowledge on this
subject; but I now deem myself to be in posses-
sion of all facta requisite to place us right in the
matter; and it is for that reason that I ask the
attention of the House.
I have the Boston Post before me, using very
strong language on this subject, which paper has
been here for two or three days, without its state-
ments being noticed by the gentleman referred to
in it, and who corrected me on that occasion. I
see that this paper, upon its responsibility, states
to the House—I will not read the strong language
itttses—thatthatgentleman, in correcting me, and
denying that the gentleman from Massachusetts
voted for as Speaker, [Mr. Banks,] had left the
American party, knew, at the time he made the
statement, that he was making a statement which
would not be sustained in Massachusetts. I shall
not read the paper on this subject, for the reason
that I have stated. The language is stronger than
I, perhaps, ought to read from a newspaper in
reference to a member of this House.
Mr. Clerk, there is a further allegation as to
the position of the distinguished gentleman [Mr.
Banks] voted for as Speaker by a portion of this
House. "It is represented that that gentleman
commenced his political career as a Democrat;
that he was elected to this House on a former
occasion under the profession of that faith; that
during the last Congress he cut himself loose from
the Democratic party, having, in the mean time,
turned Free-Soiler; that he went home from this
Hall at the expiration of the long session last
Congress, and became an American; that, after
having so become an American, it was found
necessary to crcate a new party—known here
now as the Republican party; that that gentleman
went home and joined that new party; that he
became one of the fusion party, and as a fusion-
ist, having previously, as an American, and as a
Free-Soiler, not as a Democrat, obtained that very
majority on which he prided himself a few days
ago.
Nor, Mr. Clerk, Is this all. I say here, sir,—
and I have authority before me which is, I think,
sufficient to establish the fact,—that the fusion
party was formed out of the fragments of all par-
ties m Massachusetts, and that in support of that
fusion party, the gentleman from Massachusetts
to whom I refer ^Mr. Banks] traveled through
the State, submitting addresses to the ra^plc in
various and different assemblies. Whatwas his
argument then ? Wl\jit the position which he
occupied ? I will read from this paper a few words
to show it:
" Banks believed that this fusion party would carry the
whole North and make him Speaker, and so he joined it.
The convention nominated Rockwell (a former Whig) on
an exclusive ann-slivery platform, to oppose what they
called' the aggression* of the slave power.' "
I say to this House, then, that the position of
that gentleman [Mr. Banks] was that which is
here described. He joined the fusion party for
the express purpose and design of resisting what
he chargod to have been " the aggressions of the
slave power." Nor la this all, Mr. Clerk. To
show that that was the understanding and the
character of that canvass, the Lieutenant Gov-
ernor who was nominated—for the first nomin-
ations under this fusion party were at the Wor-
cester Republican Convention—comes out and
proclaims the objects of the party as follows:
" The object to be accomplished is that the free States shall
tuke possession of the Government by their united votes.
Old party affiliations and prejudices must be forgotten.
We have the power in number."
The nominee for Governor, Mr. Rockwell, on
accepting his nomination, says:
" Recognizing the paramount issue (anti-slavery) I recog-
nize, as the only practical means of sustaining our position
upon that issue, onr cooperation with the masses of our
friend* iu other States ia the lbmidtion of the Republican
party of the Union "
These were the sentiments the gentleman main-
tained in that canvass, resulting in the over-
whelming defeat of the party he sustained.
I refer thus rapidly to these matters, because I
want this House to understand distinctly, that the
candidates of this fusion convention recognized
as their only duty hostility—I may say sectional
hostility, and nothing else—to what they called
the pro-slavery power. I say, and I want it to
go out to the country, that in this very canvass
the gentleman from Massachusetts, [Mr. Banks,]
who now claims to be an American, and who is
supported now in this House as an American,
then openly denounced the American party in
iVTn qoft f Vi n c!i"> 11<*
Mr. GALLOWAY. "Will the gentleman per-
mit me to say a word ?
Mr. SMITH Not now. I cannot be inter-
rupted. Now, sir, having stated these things, I
want it to be understood here how these gentle-
men are supported at home. Let it be remem-
bered that the members now occupying seats in
this Hall from the State of Massachusetts were
elected prior to this fusion convention, but par-
ticipated in it, and in the subsequent movements
of the fusion party in that State.
I shall now call the attention of the House to
the result of that fusion movement, and show the
mighty change which has been wrought at the
subsequent election "for Governor. I will show
that these gentlemen who boast of their majority
of thousands, stand here to-day supported by
only a minority of their constituents. I send up
this extract to the Clerk's desk, and ask the Clerk
to read it.
Mr. SAGE. Is the article the gentleman re-
fers to from the Boston Post or from the Wash-
ington Star.
Mr. SMITH. I do not know; it may be for
aught I know.
The Clerk then read as follows:
"Mr. Banks's S^vkn Thousand Majority.—The Bos-
ton Bee, of the 26th ultimo, enables us to throw light upon
"the condmon%of popular sentiment in Massachusetts. The
reader will perceive, trom so much of its article as we ex-
tract, that Mr. Banks's seven thousand majority, wUen last
elected, has dwindled into a very lean minority indeed, in
the recent gubernatorial election in the Bay State:
"' One year ago, Robert B. Hall was elected in the first
district by about three thousand five hundred majority over
all; now the gubernatorial vote shows his party to be m
a minority of 'four thousand seven hundred and twenty-
two, showing a net loss to Mr. Ilall, in one year, of over
eight thousaixd votes. The American ticket has a plurality
now of over eighteen hundred votes in his district.
"'One year ago, William S.Damrell had a majority over
everything combined of six thousand and eighty-three ; this
year his party is in a minority in the same district of only
six thousand three hundred and seventy-five. A loss to
Mr. Damrell of only about fu/eZue thousand five hundred votes
in a single year. Sometlmnder there ; but wait till next
year, and then hear it
"4 Anson lJurlingame—alias sleepless Burlingame"—
was chosen by twenty-two hundred and fifty-four majority
over all, which majontv last year is neai ly double the whole
vote Ins party cast this—it being but the most miserable
 of sixteen hundred and fouy votes. His party threw
the lowest number of the four having candidates in the dis-
trict. Theie is a majority against Mr. Burlmgame's rep-
resenting the district of seven thousand two hundied and
forty-five. We wonder if he will 'listen and obey.5 lie
will next year, if he chooses to be deaf this.
"'N. P. Banks, Jr., had last year six thousand one hun-
dred and seventy-four over all: now he is in a minority of
seven thousand six hundred and seven—a loss of only four-
teen thousand votes, or thereabouts.
" *' fcSo witii Chauricey L. Knapp: where he had three thou-
sand overall in L8o4, now the Republicans aie between
five and six thousand hehind !
"'Last year, in the aggregate vote of the six congres-
sional districts the American party candidates had a clear
majority over all of twenty-one thousand four hundred and
sixty-five: now, the Republican party, into whose ranks the
gentlemen above-named have gone, is in a minority, m the
same six districts, of thirty-nine thousand one hundred and
seventv-nine, or a loss in a single year of ovci fifty thou-
sand votes.'"
Before the reading of the above extract was
concluded,
Mr. WALBRIDGE (interrupting) asked if
the ten minutes of the gentleman from Virginia
had not expired ?
The CLERK replied that it had not.
When the reading was concluded,
Mr. SMITH said: Mr, Clerk, has my time
expired ? *
The CLERIC. It has.
Mr. SMITH. I move that when this House
adjourns to-day it adjourn to meet at ten o'clock
on Monday next. I will now proceed to submit
my additional remarks.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. That is not a de-
batable motion.
Mr. SMITH. If that motion is not debatable,
I will submit one that is. Does the Cltfrk decide
that the motion I have submitted is not debat-
able ?
The CLERK. The Clerk decides that it is
not.
Mr. SMITH. I presume the Clerk did not
understand my motion. I did not move that the
House do now adjourn, but that when it docs
adjourn, it adjourn to meet at ten o'clock on
Monday.
Mr. STEPHENS. That motion is not debat-
able.
Mr. SMITH. I reckon it is.
A Member. Move to rescind the rule of the
House limiting the speeches to ten minutes.
Mr. SMITH. Very well. For the sake of
giving me an opportunity to finish my remarks,
I will submit that motion.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I hold that the
gentleman from Virginia is not entitled to the
floor. His ten minutes having expired, he could
not hold the iloor longer.
