828
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 7,
nature of the testimony to be admitted as evidence
of service; and, in short, to recommend onlv such
modifications of the act of 1855 as seemed to be
necessary, in order to carry out, and to give full
effect to, the spirit and the purposes of that act,
and to the manifest and well-understood inten-
tions of Congress at the time in its passage.
Some legislation to this end, and to this extent,
is clearly called for, and is, indeed, recommended
by the Commissioner of Pensions in his last an-
nual report, in which he says:
" In the execution of this act many cases arise of claims
for bounty land on account of services seeming to fall fully
within the principles upon which the act apparently is
founded, but not within the terms of the act itself. Though
these claims seem equally meinorious, with otbeis embiaced
by the provisions of tiie' act, yet this office has not felt at
liberty to go beyond a proper construction of the terms of
the act, and allow them. Some turther legislation is ncces-
bary to give that equal and consistent operation to the act
which isjust and proper."
In the proposed amendments, the committee
did not regard it as expedient to go beyond the
point which I have thus suggested, or to bring in
other classes of beneficiaries not provided for in
the original act. -That act was prepared with great
care and consideration by a select committee of
♦this body, at the head of which was placed the
Senator from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Brodiiead,]
and to whose efforts the beneficiaries of the act
are chiefly indebted for its passage. That bill
was long and ably discussed on this floor in all
its bearings, and was finally passed into a law
after an unusually protracted debate, and the most
full and thorough consideration.
The committee, therefore, I repeat, did not
regard it as expedient or politic to adopt or to
recommend any enlargement of the provisions of
that act, or any modification of its terms, except
so far as seemed to be i^ecessary to carry out
the original intent and purpose of Congress in its
passage. To open the door anew, and to extend
the provisions of the act so far as to embrace
other classes of beneficiaries not named, or con-
templated in the original act, was regarded by the
committee as unwise and impolitic at the present
time. Were we to do so, I apprehend it would
be found extremely difficult to fix on any renson-
able point of limitation, and that the result would
be, that the whole bill would be crushed under
its own weight.
The first and second sections of the proposed
substitute for the House bill provide, that in ap-
plications for bounty land, where a warrant for
a portion of the one hundred and sixty acres
allowed by the act of 1855 shall have been issued
under previous laws, or where a pension shall
have been granted, the evidence on file in the
Pension Office upon which such warran t had been
issued, or such pension granted, shall be received
as prima facie proof of the fact and term of service
on account of which such application is made.
But if that evidence shall have been in any man-
ner impeached, or if, upon review, the commis-
sioner shall not be satisfied that the previous
warrant had been properly issued, or that the
pension had been properly granted, he may re-
quire additional evidence as well of the fact as of
the term of service. I presume no objection
whatever will be made to these provisions.
The third section defines the term, "record
evidence," as used in the act of 1855, giving it a
more enlarged application than is implied in its
ordinary and technical acceptation. It provides
that the term, "record evidence,"asused in that
act, shall be so construed as to embrace ail official
registers, reports, or other statements cotempo-
raneous with the military service alleged, whether
such registers, reports, or oilier statements shall
be found in the archives of the United States Gov-
ernment, or in the archives of any State, Terri-
tory, district, county, town, city, parish, village,
or other public corporation. And it further pro-
vides, that when it shall be made to appear that
any such register, or report, or other statement
has been destroyed or lost, the Commissioner of
Pensions shall adopt the common-law rule, and
admit secondary evidence, by parol or otherwise,
to prove the contents of such register, report, or
other statement.
The proviso to the third section authorizes the
admission of parol or personal testimony in
proof of the fact of service in those cases arising
under the ninth and eleventh sections of the
bounty land act of 1855, and which embrace the
cases of the Plattsburg volunteers, the volun-
teers at the attack upon Lewistown, in Delaware,
by the British fleet in the war of 1812, and the
volunteers at the battle of Nickajock, against the
confederated savages of the South, and the vol-
unteers at the battle of King's Mountain, in the
revolutionary war. These were all cases of sud-
den, urgent, and pressing emergency, in which
the services of the volunteers were of very short
duration indeed, though of the highest import-
ance, and attended with the mostfortunate results
to the country; but of which, from the nature and
character, as well as from the short period of the
service, it is hardly to be presumed that any
records or rolls were preserved,, or were ever
made in fact, except in some very rare instances.
Those cases, therefore, form an exception to the
general requirements of rccordevidence, and were
so intended by Congress at the time in the adop-
tion of those very sections providing for those
special cases, and were so understood by every
member of the Senate at the time. The provis-
ion, therefore, only carries out the original in-
tent of the act, in reference to the specific cases
named.
The fourth section of the proposed substitute
extends the benefits of the act to those who were
engaged in the naval as well as to those who were
engaged in the militate) service of the country,
during the revolutionary war, and this is clearly
within the intent of the eighth section of the act
of 1855, which is in these words:
Sec. 8. Jlnd be it further enacted, That the officers and
soldiers of the levolunonarv war, m th<ju widows or minor
children. &haiJ be entitled to the benefits of this act.
This section was introduced into that bill when
under discussion here, by way of amendment, on
the motion of the honorable Senator from South
Carolina, [Mr. Butler,] and I doubt not, if he
were present, he would say that, it was the inten-
tion and purpose of his amendment to embrace
the naval as well as the military officers and sol-
diers of the Revolution.
The fifth, sixth, and seventh sections embrace
various persons who come within the spirit and
scope of the act of 1855, without enlarging its gen-
eral provisions or changing its general character
or principles*, such as clerks, artificers, employes
in different capacities, volunteers and others actu-
ally engaged m the military service of the coun-
try, and subject to military law.
The eighth and last section of the proposed
substitute merely provides that the benefits of the
act shall be extended to the widows or minor chil-
dren of the persons specified in the three preced-
ing sections; thus making it harmonize with the
other provisions of the original act.
I trust, with this brief exposition, that the pro-
posed substitute will be adopted without material
modification.
Mr. HAMLIN. I concur in the general rule
which the committee have adopted, of not includ-
ing any class of beneficiaries not within the in-
tention of the original law. I think that is right.
1 am, however, led to believe that there are some
additional modifications of the present law, affect-
ing a class of cases coming within the provisions
of the law of 1855, which have not been met by
the committee in their proposition. For the pur-
pose of meeting one class of those cases, I pro-
pose the following amendment as an additional
section:
Sec.—.J2nd belt farther enacted, That in computing the
services perfoimed under this act and the act of March 3.
1855, travel shall be allowed in all cases wheie the soldier
shall have been dischaiged from service at a place other than
his home,.it the rate of twenty mile*, pui day xioni such place
of discharge to the place of his home.
Mr. President, the object of this amendment is
to allow the soldier, when discharged away from
his home, travel, at the rate of twenty miles per
day, from that pines to his residence. The law
of 1855 prescribed in terms that record evidence
only should be allowed. It was found that a class
of persons who are justly entitled to the provisions
of the law, are excluded in consequence of the
want of that kind of evidence which the law itself
prescribed. It did not provide that travel should
be computed in ascertaining the service under the
act of 1855.
^ In a conference vvith the Commissioner of Pen-
sions^ few days since, he told me that in almost
all cases the regiments were marched to their
homes before the soldier was discharged; but in
afew cases in almost every State the soldiers were
not discharged at the place of their residence.
Some regiments, raised in the same locality, and
engaged in the same service, were marched home
before dismissal by the colonel of the regiment,
and thus the fourteen days service required by
the act of 1855 was accomplished; but, in other
cases, few in number, they were discharged at
the place where the service was actually per-
formed, and were compelled to go home, not
under the direct command of the colonel of their
regiment, or the captain of their company, and
they fall one or two days short of the fourteen
days required, although when discharged they
were a hundred miles distant from their homes.
The rule which is now applied, includes per-
haps ninety-nine cases out of one hundred; but,
to make it equal, you should include those who
were dismissed away from their residences, and
did not go home under the direct command of the
officer under whom they were in the service. It
seems to me this amendment is requisite, in order
to insure an equitable application of the original
law, and is quite as necessary as the provision
which has been made by the committee in rela-
tion to record evidence. This is the reason which
has induced me to offer the amendment, and I
hope it will commend itself to the judgment of the
Senate.
Mr. SEWARD. The time has arrived I be-
lieve for the consideration of the special order
fixed for one o'clock. I move, therefore, that
this bill be postponed, so that we may proceed to
the consideration of the special order.
The PRESIDENT. The Chair will announce
the special order as a matter of course, unless oth-
erwise directed.
Mr. FOOT. I move the postponement of the
further consideration of this bill until to-morrow
at half past twelve o'clock, and that it be the
special order for that hour.
The motion was agreed to.
WASHINGTON ARMORY.
Mr. YULEE. I presented a few days since a
motion for the reconsideration of a certain joint
resolution passed by the Senate, the considera-
tion of which I do not call for in consequence of
the continued absence of the chairman of the
Committee on the District of Columbia, [Mr.
Brown,] which I believe is occasioned by sick-
ness; but in the meanwhile I desire to present a
resolution of inquiry, which will bring before the
Senate certain facts that will be found material
when the question shall be before us. I offer this
resolution, and I ask for its consideration now:
Resolved, That tlits President be requested to make a full
report of the step?! pursued in execution of the clause of the
act making appropriations for tiie cm! and diplomatic ex-
penses ot the Government, approved March 3, 1855, which
provides for the construction of an armory for the Distnct
of Columbia.
The resolution was considered by unanimous
consent, and agreed to.
SENATE BILLS BECOME LAWS.
A message from the President of the United
States, by Mr. Webster, his Secretary, an-
nounced that he had approved and signed an act
(S. No. 138) for the relief of the distributees of
Colonel William Linn, and an act (S. No. 97) to
continue temporarily the land offices at Kalama-
zoo, in the State of Michigan, and at Palmyra,
in the State of Missouri.
KANSAS AFFAIRS.
On motion by Mr. SEWARD, the Senate, aa
in Committee of the Whole, resumed the consid-
eration of the bill (S. No. 122) to authorize the
people of the Territory of Kansas to form a con-
stitution and State government, preparatory to
their admission into the Union when they have
the requisite population.
Mr. GEYER addressed the Senate for two
hours in regard to the power of Congress over
the Territories, and the history of the slavery
agitation.
Mr. BUTLER. If my friend will permit me
I will move an adjournment.
Mr. GEYER. I have occupied more time than
I originally anticipated on that branch of the
question which I have discussed to-day. 1 am
afraid that I have overtasked myself, and if the
Senate please, I will defer the residue of my re-
marks until another time. [Certainly.]
