1855.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
103
Mr. SMITH. Of course I could not hold the
floor to continue my remarks, without some other
question being before the House. But I could
obtain the floor, as I did, for another purpose. I
could move to rescind the rule, and continue my
remarks upon that motion.
Mr. JONES. If that was to be the practice,
your order, limiting the speeches to ten minutes
each, would be- a nullity, because any man, at
the expiration of nine minutes, could make an-
other motion, and go on with his speech until
the expiration of this Congress, if his physical
strength could hold out for that time.
Mr. SMITH. That makes no difference.
The CLERK. The Clerk thinks, as the gen-
tleman from Tennessee has suggested, that such
a practice would virtually be an evasion of the
ten-minute rule, and must rule it out of order.
Mr. SMITH. Why, Mr. Clerk, I have known
this very thing to be done over and over again.
It was done during the last Congress repeatedly,
fCries of4' Order!" and confusion.]
Mr. .TONES. I will state to the gentleman
from Virginia the only instance of the kind that
is within my recollection. During the last Con-
gress, when the hour rule was in operation, Mr.
Wentworth, of Illinois, got the floor at the con-
clusion of Colonel Benton's speech, when his
hour had expired, and made a motion, upon
which Colonel Benton went on and finished his
speech, and the House acquie«ccd in it.
Mr. SMITH. 1 do not care; if it was right
then, it is right now. I claim the floor, and insist
on my right to occupy it.
Mr. COLFAX. 1 rise to a question of order.
Mr. SMITH. I will appeal from the decision
of the Chair, if necessary. I ask the Clerk, how-
ever, to reconsider his clecision.
The CLERK. In the opinion of the Clerk,
the gentleman from Virginia is out of order. The
question raised by the gentleman from Tennessee
seems to the Clerk to be right. He may, how-
ever, be mistaken; and if exception is taken to
his decision, he w)H submit the question to the
House.
Mr. SMITH. Oh, no; I will not insist upon
my right. I can easily get the floor. [Loud
cries of 4'Order! " 0rder!"] 1 say I can easily
get the floor at any time, and I will have it out.
[Shouts of44 Order!" and excitement.]
Mr. GPJDW. I shall not consume the time of
the House long. I have but a word to say. We
have been for the last few days, indeed, almost
from the day of our meeting 
The CLERK. The Clerk must inform the
gentleman from Pennsylvania that there is no
question before the House.
Mr. GROW. What question did the gentle-
man from Virginia speak upon?
The CLKR K. There was no question before
the House, but the gentleman from Virginia rose
to a privileged personal explanation.
Mr. GROW. Well, sir, I rise to explain his
explanation, and I have but a word to say. We
have seen almost from the commencement of the
aesbion, a very remarkable degree of kindness
and solicitude upon the part of our friends in the
House who are voting for Mr. Richardson', lest
those who are voting for Mr. Banks should be
betrayed by their own negligence. They seem,
therefore to have taken us under their patronage,
and from day to day give us some warning that
some great interest of our constituents is in dan-
ger. They manifest an especial interest, lest any
man upon our side of the House should prove
recreant to his duty.
We think that we understand our own duties.
The men who vote forMr.bankb,in our opinion,
are as competent to exercise their judgment, and
to act in accordance with it, as others on this
floor, and that, too, without enlightenment from
any other source. And we believe, too, that the
delegation from Pennsylvania are capable of at-
tending to the interests of that good Common-
wealth. They need no patronage from men who
are voting for other candidates, lest they be be-
trayed in this conflict. They know and are able,
I trust, to discharge properly their duties to their
constituents and their State m regard to the selec-
tion of a presiding officer for this House. [Cries
of " Call the roll!" " Order!"] t
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I am in order un-
less somebody else desires to address the House.
If such be the case I am ready to yield the floor,
and to quietly listen to what may be said.
Mr. GALLOWAY. If there is no question
before the body, I hold that the gentleman from
Virginia is out of order.
The CLERK. The gentleman from Pennsyl-
vania proceeded with his remarks without objec-
tion, after the Clerk had reminded him that there
was no motion before the House. [Loud cries
of44 Call the roll!") If it be the pleasure of the
House, the gentleman from Virginia will proceed
with his remarks.
Mr. GROW. My remarks were in answer to
those of the gentleman from Virginia: I only
asked the same indulgence that had been extended
to the gentleman from Virginia.
Mr. SMITH. Mr. Clerk, I do not profess to
be conversant with the rules of order, but I pre-
sume that a motion to rescind the order limiting
debate will ho in order.
The CLERK. The Clerk is of opinion that
such motion will be in order.
Mr. SMITH. Then I submit that motion.
Mr. Clerk, the gentleman over the way, of course,
needs no instruction. There may be two good
reasons for it: his instruction would be hopeless;
or it may be possible he is too enlightened to be
in any way benefited by it. I speak here that
the House may understand the position of those
who may be called to preside over its delibera-
tions; and more, that the country shall under-
stand it. That is all, sir. And while I do not
hope to benefit the gentleman from Pennsylvania
[Mr. Grow] by anything that I may utter, yet I
choose to speak, that each man's position may be
well defined, in order to the information of the
House and the country; for the corrective is with
the latter, at List.
But to go on with my original train of remark.
It was remarked, the other day, that the gentle-
man from Massachusetts [Mr. Banks] had <riven
expression to disunion sentiments. A quotation
was then made from his speech. I have a larger
quotation with me now. I intend to exhibit the
true character of that speech. The invitation to
the meeting is couched in the following language:
" Republican's of M '.ink !—A Grand Rally of the People,
02>2>os>cd to Ike National .'idmuuttratioit, and to the exten-
sion of slavery over the Terntoi ie s of the United States.
"The eittzrns of the State, who desire to*help rescue
this Republic liora its peril* and downward tendencies, are
requested to meet in Convention, at Deermg Hall,in
Portland, on Tuesday, August 14th, to take counsel and
determine on such a course of act ion as the love of freedom
and sound patuotism demand. The slave power in this
nation has so strengthened itself by the forbcaranec rind
remissness of the1 North and West, and the trcaeheiyof
some of their Representatives, that it is no longer a ques-
tion whether Alrieans and their descendants shall be en-
slaved, but, whether the people of the Free States shall hp
the humble servants of the slavelmldmi* oligarchy. It is
not a sectional i^sue between the North and the tfouth, but
the question pressing <m u-> is, whether democracy or aris-
tocracy shall rule the nation. To-day, the Government of
this mighty Republic is m the hands of a elans, and not of
a people. The yeais through which we are now passing
are to determine whether the free States are to he sub-
dued provinces, with a mere out.>idc orseeondary influence
in the counsels of the nation, or equality, good faith, and
sound republicanism shall prevail among the States of this
Union. Is the law of freedom, or the iron rule of slavery,
to ho regarded as national? Let the freemen of Maine
answer as the crisis demands. The Government must be
restored to the principles and policy of its founders, or this
Union cannot permanently endure. The immense territo-
ries of the West must be saved from the black tide of slavery
that threatens to sweep over them. Kanbds, betrayed, out-
raged, overrun by armed ruffians, sppakstous with a tongue
of flame. The people of Maine will prove true to her "in-
stincts of justice and freedom, and to her former renown.
'•Let the assemblage of August 14th, in numbers and
determination, be sueli as the occasion demands. Emi-
nent speakejs of our own. and from abroad, will addiess
the Convention. The following g'Mitlemen are engaged,
or confidently expected to be present on the occasion."
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. Mr. Clerk,
what is the question before the House?
The CLEIIK. It is on the motion submitted
by the gentleman from Virginia, that the order
for the limitation of debate be now rescinded.
Mr. STEPHENS. Then I make the point of
order, that the gentleman from Virginia is in-
dulging in remarks utterly irrelevant to the ques-
tion under consideration.
Mr. SMITH. I think that I am showing their
relevancy. I do not suppose that we arc acting
| under fixed rules.
| Mr. STEPHENS. If the Clerk decides that
| the gentleman is in order, I will take an appeal
; from that decision.
! The CLERK. The Clerk thinks that the
remarks of the gentleman from Virginia are in
order. He thinks that it is not his province to
decide in reference to the relevancy of debate.
Mr. STEPHENS. I take an appeal from the
decision of the Clerk.
Mr. McMUXLIN. Mr. Clerk, is the appeal
debatable ?
The CLERK. The Clerk thinks tfiat it is.
Mr. McMUXLIN. I desire to aadress my-
self to the gentleman from Georgia, [Mr. Ste-
phens.] Is it possible, sir, that wnen an election
is pending before this House 
Mr. MEACHAM. I rise to a point of order.
If I understand the rules and the Constitution,
each gentleman must address the Chairman, or
the presiding officer of the House. Therefore I
rise to appeal from the decision of the Clerk, if
the Clerk decides that the gentleman may persist
in addressing an individual member of theHouse
of Representatives.
The CLERK. The Clerk thinks that the gen-
tleman from Virginia is m order.
Mr. MEACHAM. Then I take an appeal.
The CLERK. There is another question of
order, and another appeal now pending.
Mr. SMITH. I have already referred to the
paper. If I had not been interrupted, I would
have finished my remarks in a few moments. I
first wanted to call the attention of the House
to the character of these fusion movements in
Maine and Massachusetts. By the notice referred
to, we can understand the character of the meet-
ing it convened and the speeches delivered. On
that occasion, the gentleman from Massachusetts,
[Mr. Banks,] with Mr. Wade and others, at-
tended, and uttered his disunion sentiments, as
follows:
"Although I am not one of that class of men who cry for
the peipetuation of the Union, though I am willing in a
eeitain &tate of circumstances to let it slide, I have no fear
for its perpetuation. But let me say, if the chief object of
the people of tins country be to maintain and propagate
chattel property in man, m other words, human slavery,
this Union cannot stand, and ought not to stand."
The fusion movement was signally defeated in
Massachusetts and also in Maine; and thus it
seems that gentlemen from those States are openly
acting to carry out a policy here that has been
utterly routed and exploded in those States.
[Loud cries of'Orderl" " What is the question?"
What becomes of the question of order ?"]
Gentlemen may cry order as much as they please.
1 have said what 1 wished to say. You may go
on with the call of the roll. [Laughter.]
The CLERK. Is the Clerk to understand that
the gentleman has withdrawn his motion to re-
scind the order for the limitation of debate?
Mr. SMITH. Yes, sir, I have withdrawn it,
and would have long since finished my remarks,
had I been let alone.
The House then proceeded to vote the eighty-
third time for Speaker, with the following result:
Whole number of votes cast, 205; necessary to a
choice, 103; of which—
Nathaniel P. Banks received     99
William A. Itichardson. 67
ifenty M. Fuller 29
Alexander C. M. Pennington   6
James L. Oir    *
John Williams?    I
Thomas R. Whitney   1
llenry S. Bennett      1
So there was no choice.
The following is the vote in detail;
For Mr. Banks — Messrs, Albright, Allison, Barbour,
Henry Bennett, Benson, Biliinghurst, Bingham, Bishop,
Bliss, Bradshaw, Brenton, Buffington, Burhngame, James
H. Campbell, Lewis D. Campbell, Chaffee, Ezra Clark,
dawson, Colfax, Conuns, Cragin, Cumbaek, Damrell, Tim-
othy Davis, Day, Dean, De Witt, Dick, Dickson, Dodd,
Dm fee, Edie, Emrie, Flagler, Galloway, Giddmgs, Gilbert,
Graneer, Grow, llobeit B. Hall, Harlan, llolloway, Thomas
It Ilorton, Valentine B. Horton, Howard, Huahston, King,
Knapp, Knight, Knowlton, Knox, Kunkel, L'eiter, Matte-
son, McCarty, Meacham, Kilhan Miller, Morgan, Morrill,
Mott, Murray, Nichols, Norton, Andrew Oliver, Parker,
i'eaicc, Pelton, Pennington, Perry, Pettit, Pike, Pringle,
Puiviance, Ititehie, Sabm, Sage, Sapp, Simmons, Spinner,
Stanton, Stranahan,T<ipp<ui,Thorington,Thurston, Todd,
Trafton, Ty<on, Wade, Wakeman, Walbridge, Waldrop,
Cadwalader C. Wasliburne, Eihhu B. Washburne, Israel
Washburn, Watson, Welch, Wood, Woodruff, and Wood-
worth.
For Mr. Richardson—Messrs. Aiken, Allen, Barclay,
Barksdale, Bell, HenryS. Bennett, Bocock, Bowie, Boyce.
Brooks, Cadwalader, Caruthen?-, Caskie, Chngman, Howell
Cobb, Williamson R. W. Cohh, Craige, Crawford, David-
son, Denver, Dowdell,Edmundson,Elliott,English, Faulk-
ner, Florence, Thomas J. D. Fuller, Goode, Greenwood,
Augustus Uall, Sampson W. Harris, Thomas L. Harris,
Herbert, Houston, George W. Jones, J. Glancy Jones,
Kelly, Kidwell, Letcher, Lumpkin, Samuel S. Marshall*
