1856.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
820
Mr. SEWARD. Will the honorable Senator
take the floor to-morrow ?
Mr. GEYER. Yes, sir.
Mr. SEWARD. Then I move the postpone-
ment of this question until to-morrow at one
o'clock.
Mr. BUTLER. I move an adjournment. That
will carry the subject over as a matter of right,
and will place it in a stronger position than a
mere postponement.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate
adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Monday, April 7, 1856.
The House met at twelve o'clock, m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. Daniel Waldo.
The Journal of Friday was read and approved.
The SPEAKER stated the business first in
order to be on the motion submitted on the Mon-
day before last by the gentleman from Indiana,
[Mr. Dunn,] to suspend the rules for the purpose
of allowing him to submit a motion, that the bill
to enable the States bordering on the Ohio river
to improve the navigation of the same, be made a
special order for the second Tuesday in June,
and from day to day until disposed of.
WITHDRAWAL OF PAPERS.
On motion by Mr. COX, it was
Ordered, Tliat leave be granted to withdraw from the
files of the House the papers m the case of JohnBiuce,
for the purpose of having the same presented ut the Court
of Claims.
colton's atlas.
Mr. BENNETT, of New York, asked the
consent of the House to introduce the following
resolution:
Resohed, That the Clerk of this House be authorized to
£rocure one copy ot" Colton's Atlas for each member ami
^legate m this lUm o. provided the same can be obtained
at a cost not exceeding $-2 50 per copy.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee, objected.
THE WATER-WORKS.
Mr. PRINGLE asked the consent of the House
to submit a resolution in relation to the water-
works for the cities of Washington and George-
town, which appears in the latter part of the pro-
ceedings of to-day.
Mr. Q.UITMAN. I object, and call for the
regular order of business.
Mr. COX. I desire to know what has been
done with the motion of the gentleman from
Indiana, to suspend the rules?
The SPEAKER. That is the motion pending,
and is the regular order of business.
Mr. COX. I would suggest that, as the gen-
tleman from Indiana is not in his seat, it would
be well to have the motion passed over by general
consent.
Mr. PHELPS. I have no objection to its
going over until next Monday, if that be the wish
of the House.
There was no objection, and the motion was
postponed until Monday next.
CLERK TO COMMITTEE.
Mr. BALL. I am instructed by the Commit-
tee on Public Buildings and Grounds to submit
the following resolution. I ask the unanimous
consent of the House to enable me to introduce
it:
Resolved, That the Committee on Public Buildings and
Grounds be authorized to employ a clerk, lor so much oi the
present Congress as they may consider necessary, at a com-
pensation not to exceed four dollars per day.
Mr. CRA1CE. I object.
Mr. BALL. I move to suspend the rules; and
I wish to state that certain inquiries have been
proposed  
Mr. HOUSTON. Debate is not in order.
The SPEAKEP^. It is not.
The rules were not suspended, only fifty-nine
members having voted therefor.
termination of debate.
Mr. PHELPS. I move that the rules Be sus-
pended, and that the House resolve itself into
the Committee of the AVhole on the state of the
Union, for the purpose of taking up the deficiency
bill. I will state that there are special orders
commencing with next week for the regulai ap-
propriation bills of the session. 11 the House
will go into committee now, and will at some
early period close the debate on the deficiency
bill, I believe they can get through with this bill
in less than two days.
Mr. PRINGLE. I would suggest to the gen-
tleman from Missouri, if he will allow me, that
the information called for in the resolution which
I just now asked the consent of the House to offer,
is necessary to enable us properly to decide on
one of the items in the Senate's amendments to the
deficiency bill. I hope the gentleman will give
way to enable me to offer that resolution.
Mr. PHELPS. I do not concur with my friend
from New York in his views upon this subject.
Probably he and I shall vote together upon that
amendment when it comes up; but I do not think
the information he proposes to call for is neces-
sary. I desire to submit the usual resolution to
terminate debate upon the deficiency bill to-mor-
row at three o'clock. This will give to-day and
to-morrow for the consideration of that bill. The
gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Stanton,] and the
gentleman from New York objected to the closing
of this debate on Friday last, and the resolution
fixing three o 'clock to-day as the hour for its term-
ination was voted down. Now, sir, the House
went into committee on Friday, and the day, as
gentlemen all know, was spent in anything else
than the consideration of the Senate amendments
to the deficiency bill.
Mr. STANTON. I will not object to a reso-
lution terminating debate now.
Several Members. Make the time shorter.
Mr. PHELPS. I myself prefer a shorter time
for closing the debate. I am satisfied that if we
go into committee without restricting the debate,
we shall not have discussion upon the subject of
the bill itself. I move, therefore, that the debate
be closed to-day at three o'clock.
Mr. GtUITMAN. 1 call for the regular order
of business.
The SPEAKER. The regular order of busi-
ness is the motion of the gentleman from Mis-
souri.
Mr. PHELPS. I call for the previous question.
Mr. BALL. I hope the House will not adopt
the proposition at this time.
Mr. MEACHAM. I move that the resolution
to close debate be laid upon the table. _
The question was put; and on a division there
were—ayes 59, noes 43; no quorum voting.
Mr. SAPP called for tellers.
Mr. PHELPS demanded the yeas and nays on
the motion to lay upon the table.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken on Mr. Meacham's
motion; and it was decided in the affirmative—
yeas 84, nays 58; as follows:
YEAS —Messrs. Albright, Ball, Barbour, Bell, Henry
Bennett, Hendley S. Bennett, Benson, Bingham, Bishop,
Bliss, Bicnton, Brooks, Bioom, Builiuton, Rurlmsnme,
Chaffee. Bavard Clark, Ezra Clark, dawson, Cox, Craige,
llughston, Kelsev, Knapp, Jvuowlton. Knox, Lmdley,
Humphrey Mai.-hall, Mattesnn, McCaitv, MeMiilIm, Mea-
cham, Jloigan, Muuay, Noiton, Andrew Oliver, Paine,
Paiker, Peiton, Pennington, Pike, Prinze, Puiyear, Quit-
man, Reade, Ready, Sage, Sapp. Sewaul, Simmons, Priced,
Swope, Thurston, Tlippe, Tyson, Undtuvood. Valk,
Wade, Waldron, Walker, Warner, Cadwalader C. Wasll-
burne, Israel Washburn, Watson, Whitney, Wmslow,
Wood. Woodworth, and Zollieotlcr—84.
NAYS—Messrs. Alien, Barclay, Bovce. Burnett, James
H Campbell, John P. Campbell. Carhle, Carutheis. Wil-
liamson R. W. Cobb, Colfax, Crawtord, Davidson, Henry
Winter Davis, Uav, Denver, Elliott, Emrie, Faulkner,
Augustus Hall, Haikin, Haven, Herbert, Houston, George
W. Jones, Keitt, Kelly, Kenneit. Kuiivell, Knight, Kimkel,
Lake, Lumpkin, Maxwell. Million, Milhvaid, Mooie, Mott,
Nichols, Oir, Peck, Pellit, Phelps, Porter, Ritchie, Ruffin,
Sabm, Scott, Sbo-ter, Samuel A. Smith, Spinner, Stanton,
Stranahan, Tallinn, Vail, Eliihu B. Waslibume, Welch,
Williams, and John V. Wnght—58.
So the resolution was laid upon the table.
Pending the above call,
Mr. BARKSDALE said: Mr. Speaker, 1
paired off generallv with Mr. Leiter, from the
20th of last until the 10th of the present month.
Although 1 have been in my seat since Thursday
last, I have not deemed it proper to cast any vote.
1 shall not vote now, nor until the expiration
of the period mentioned.
Mr. CLAWSON stated that Mr. Bobbins had
paired off with Mr. Letcher for one week.
Mr. DAVIDSON stated that his colleague,
Mr. Sandidge, had paired off with Mr. Bkad-
siiaw until the 17th instant.
Mr. SNEED stated that his colleague, Mr.
Etiieridge, was confined to his room by indispo-
sition. It was at his colleague's request the an-
nouncement was made.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee, stated that his col-
league, Mr. W atkins, had gone home, but pre-
vious to doing so, had paired off with Mrl Bii.-
linghurst, from the 3d to the 25th of last
month.
Mr. HARRIS, of Illinois, stated that his col-
league, Mr. Richardson, absent from his seat
because of illness in his family, had paired off
with Mr. Miller, of Now York.
Mr. EVANS stated that he had paired off with
Mr. Woodruff for the present week.
The question recurred on the motion that the
rules be suspended and the House resolve itself
into the Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union.
Mr. MACE. I hope the gentleman from Mis-
souri [Mr. Phelps] will withdraw his motion to
go into committee until I present the memorial
and the constitution of the State of Kansas.
Mr. PHELPS. I cannot do so. If I yield
for one gentleman, I must for another, and I pre-
fer to have the question at once taken on my
motion. _ '*
The question was taken; and the motion was
disagreed to.
constitution of the state of kansas.
Mr. MACE presented the constitution of the
State of Kansas, accompanied by a memorial;
which were referred to the Committee on Terri-
tories, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. MACE. I move, m addition, that there be
printed for the use of members ten thousand
extra copics of the memorial and constitution of
the State of Kansas.
Mr. HAVEN. That motion goes, under the
rules, to the Committee on Printing.
The SPEAKER. It will take that course.
introduction of bills.
Mr. FAULKNER, by unanimous consent,
and in pursuance of previous notice, introduceda
bill to amend an act passed the 3d of March, 1819,
entitled " An act authorizing the sale of certain
military sites;" which was road a firstand second
time, and referred to the Committee on Military
Affairs.
Mr. TYSON, by unanimous consent, and in
pursuance of previous notice, introduced bills;
which were read a first and second time by their
titles, as follows, and referred to the Committee
on Commerce:
A bill to enlarge and complete the harbor at
New Castle, Delaware river, Delaware; and
A bill to enlarge and complete the harbor at
Chester, Delaware river, Delaware.
Mr. WALKER. I move that the rules be
suspended, and that a Committee of the Whole
House be discharged from the further considera-
tion of House bill for the relief of William M.
F. Magraw, contractor for carrying the mails
on route No. 8911, from Independence, Missouri,
to Salt Loke, m Utah Territory.
illinois contested-election cases.
Mr. BINGHAM. I rise to a question of priv-
ilege. I am unanimously instructed by the Com-
mittee of Elections to report the following reso-
lutions:
Resolved, That the Hon. P. B. Fouke, who has presented
to this House his memorial claiming to represent the eighth
district of the State of Illinois m the Tlnrty-Pourtli Gon-
giess, was not duly elected as claimed by him, and is not
entitled to a seat m this House; and that said seat is
V&Resl'lvedfurther, That the Speaker do notify the Governor
of Illinois that such vacancy exists ; and
Resolved further, That the Clerk of this House be author-
ized to pay out of the contingent fund of this House to P.
11. Fouke. claimmir a seat a? Representative of the eighth
congressional distnctof the State of Illinois, the usual per
diem and mileage allowed to members of Congress, com-
puting the per diem to the date hereof only.
Mr. ORR. Is there any written report accom-
panying the resolutions from the committee ? If
there is a report, I desire that that may be also
ordered to be printed.
Mr. BINGHAM. There is no report; but I
intend to submit one at some future day. I shall
only ask now that the further consideration of the
resolution be postponed until to-morrow,
I am also unanimously instructed by the Com-
