1856.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
34th Cong....1st Sess.
Kansas Affairs—Mr. Wilson.
Senate.
the hand of his fleeing: bondman the speech of the
Attorney General of "the United States, delivered
in June, 1836, against the admission of Arkansas
with a constitution making slavery perpetual,
wherein I find these sentiments—"I do not
persuade myself that liberty is an evil, or slavery
a blessing;" " Shall we be brutishly dumb when
it is sought through us to render slavery perpetual
in new States?" "I should be false to all the
opinions and principles of my life if I did not
promptly return a peremptory and emphatic no,
when called upon to accord my sanction to a
form of government which perpetuates slavery;"
would not the slaveholder deem it "a fixed fact"
that the man who circulated these sentiments was
" guilty of a felony," punishable with five years
of imprisonment ? Ay, sir, if some son of Mas-
sachusetts should be found circulating the resolu-
tions of the Democratic State Convention in 1849,
written by Benjamin F. Hallett, the chairman of
the National Democratic Committee, and now the
President's District Attorney for Massachusetts,
declaring that " we are opposed to slavery in
every form and color, and in favor of freedom
and free soil wherever man lives throughoutGod's
heritage"—a pretty broad declaration, that in-
cludes Kansas—I say, that if these resolutions,
indorsed by Charles G. Greene, the especial favor-
ite of the President in New England, as national
Democratic doctrine, should be circulated in Kan-
sas by some son of Massachusetts, he would be
subjected to the punishment provided for in this
section.
Here, sir, is another act of this inhuman statute:
" If any free person, by speaking or writing, assert ormain-
tain that persons have not tbe right to hold glaves in this
Territory, or shall introduce into this Territory, print, pub-
lish, write, circulate, or cause to be introduced into this 1
Territory,written, printed, published or circulated in this
Territory, any book, paper, magazine, pamphlet, or circular,
containing any denial of the right of persons to hold slaves
in this Territory, such person shall be deemed guilty of
felony, and punished by imprisonment at hard labor for a
term of not less than two years."
Here is a law which punishes any freeman as
felon who went into that Territory under your
organic law—underyour " squatter sovereignty"
doctrine—with two years' imprisonment if he
shall circulate any paper that shall "deny the
right of any person to hold slaves in the Territory
under these laws;" and this is the law which the
President of the United States is so anxious to
enforce; and this is the law which the Senator
from Connecticut congratulates the country is to
be enforced!
And, sir, if any person shall be arrested by
Governor Shannon for circulating in Kansas any
papers denying the right of any person to hold
slaves there, this code provides that—
" No person who is conscientiously opposed to holding
slaves, or who does not admit the right to bold slaves in this
Territory, shall sit as a juror on the trial of any prosecution
for any violation of any of the sections of this act."
When the Legislature assembled, when it turned
out the men who had been legally chosen, when
it brought in the men imposed on the Territory
by armed invaders from a neighboring State,
when it removed to the Shawnee Mission, when
it was repudiated by your Governor sent there by
this Administration, then it was that the freemen
of Kansas assembled in their primary meetings,
and declared against the legality of tnis Legisla-
ture and its acts. A convention of the people
was called. That convention assembled, named
a constitution, the people ratified it, and that con-
stitution is now submitted for the action of the
Congress of the United States. The Senator from
Connecticut denounces it as a " spurious conven-
tion." Sir, this convention was the act of the
people of Kansas in their sovereign primary ca-
pacity. They accepted the doctrine of squatter
sovereignty. They accepted the doctrines laid
down by Madison, by Marshall, by Story, by
Judge Wilson, by Buchanan and Wright, and
the chiefs of the Democratic party in the days
when the Democratic party paid some little re-
gard to the principles of popular government.
Sir, the Senator from Connecticut denounced
this act of the people as a " spurious convention."
In 1836, the freemen of Michigan, disregarding
the action of their Legislature, came together in
their primary capacity, framed a constitution,
sent that constitution to Congress, and that con-
stitution was carried through the Senate by the
votes of Benton, Buchanan, Wright, and the chiefs
of the Democratic party; but that was in the days
of Andrew Jackson, when it was supposed the
people of this country had retained the rights
guarantied to them by the funilamental laws of
the country. Sir, Andrew Jackson did not de-
nounce the movement as an insurrectionary one,
although they refused to receive the officer whom
he sent to them. The Congress of that day did
not denounce those men as traitors to the coun-
try, as the men of Kansas are denounced in the
documents before us, ten thousand extra copies
of which we are asked to publish. No, sir, no!
This is the first time in the history of this country
when the people have assembled in their primary
capacity, and exercised their right, their inborn
natural right, to change their government at their
pleasure, and then been held up as traitors by the
Government of the country.
Sir, the Democracy in Doth branches of Con-
gress sustained the doctrines maintained by the
suffrage party in Rhode Island; and it so happens
that when Governor Dorr took refuge in the old
Granite State, among the first who recognized the
doctrines which he maintained, was the man who
is Chief Magistrate of the United States, and who
now denounces the freemen of Kansas, and holds
up to the country as violators of the law, men who
are, on the 4th of March next, to be arrested if
they dare assemble in their legislative capacity
and choose two United States Senators to come
and implore us to receive Kansas into this sister-
hood of States, and thus save this fair Territory
from bloodshed and ruin. Yes, sir, this man,
who now characterises as "revolutionary"what
has already been done by the people of Kansas,
and warns them that further action " will become
treasonable insurrection," welcomed Governor
Dorr to the capital of New Hampshire, on the
14th of December, 1842, in a series of resolutions
declaring, that " when the people act in their
original sovereign capacity, they are not bound
to conform to forms not instituted by them-
selves;" that" the day of free Government would
never dawn upon the eyes of oppressed mil-
lions," " if the friends of Liberty should wait
for leave from tyrants to abolish tyranny."
Sir, in pursuing this history* I have followed
the order of time, and I am now brought to speak
of another invasion from Missouri—an invasion
which took place on the 1st of October last, when
General Whitfield was elected. i state here, on
the authority of gentlemen, some half dozen of
whom are within the sound of my voice, and who
will prove it under oath before your committee,
if you will permit them to do so, that hundreds
of men went over from Missouri and voted in that
election.
The invasion—the fourth invasion of which
we have heard so much in these papers from
the executive department—grew out of the cold-
blooded murder of a man by the name of Dow,
at Hickory Point, by one Coleman. Mr. Bran-
son and his neighbors took the mortal remains
of the murdered Dow from the highway, where
he had lain for hours, and consigned them to his
last resting-place. The murderer has never been
tried or arrested. Branson, with whom Dow had
lived, was arrested on a peace-warrant, by Sheriff
Jones, and rescued by some fifteen of his neigh-
bors and friends. Then it was that the stories
were manufactured that a thousand men were or-
ganized at Lawreflce, armed with Sharpe's rifles
and cannon, ready to resist the authorities. There
were not then more than three hundred Sharpe's
rifles in Lawrence, and not one cannon. There
was no armed soldiery in Lawrence when these
charges were made; there were armed men there,
but they were not embodied. Of the men who
aided in the rescue of Branson—an act which
might take place in any State, at any time, with-
out any Governor thinking of calling out the
armed militia, much less the forces of the United
States—only two ever lived in Lawrence, and
they were not in Lawrence at that time. The
reports mentioned in these dispatches,aboutburn-
ing buildings, have turned out to be exaggerated
and misrepresented.
On the strength of these reports, however,
Governor Shannon sent his letter of the 28th of
November to the President, and on the next day
he issued that fatal proclamation which fomented,
at the time, the invasion from Missouri, and this
was followed by his'telegraphic dispatch of the
1st of December. Here, let me say, that in
this letter, proclamation, and dispatch, Governor
Shannon shows that he is not a man who com-
prehends his position or his duties. He was
excited and frightened by the reports and rumors
he relied upon. During this period, when he.
ordered out the militia and telegraphed the Presi-
dent, dispatches, founded on rumors, were sent
into Missouri; and the result was, that from one
thousand to two thousand armed men came from
Missouri into Kansas; and they were incorpo-
rated into that " little force of less than four hun-
dred men," spoken of in these dispatches from
Kansas, which rallied to the call of the officers
of the militia! Sir, if the people of Kansas had
been with the Governor—if they had sympathized
with him in his ill-starred movements—if they had
believed that law and order were in danger—would
they not have rallied to his support? On that occa-
sion, the arsenal of the United States in western
Missouri was broken open; arms were stolen and
carried into Kansas. Nothing is said about this
robbery in these reports. Misaourians broke open
this arsenal and stole cannon, ammunition, and
muskets for the purpose of going on a marauding
invasion; and the late President of the Senate
was compelled—so great was the danger—to
hasten after them to keep them from hurting some-
body ! Yet, not a word is said about it in these
dispatches ! Sir, if the freemen of Kansas had
broken open that arsenal, and had stolen even a
gun-flint, you would have had a proclamation
from your Governor, and your President; and
the Army of the United States would have been
called out to put them down. But it was the
organized men of the Blue Lodges in western
Missouri who did it. They have been, and now
are, permitted to violate all law with impunity.
Woodson, the Secretary of Kansas, urged on
these lawless men from Missouri by assuring
them that "there is no doubt in regard to having
a fight, and if we are defeated this time, the Ter-
ritory is lost to the South."
The invading hosts from Missouri encamped
on the Wakarusa, within about six miles of be-
leaguered Lawrence. In marked contrast to the
inconsiderate folly of Shannon, was the prudent,
firm, and heroic bearing of General Robinson.
Throughout the whole contest his prudence was
signally manifested; and, in the opinion of many,
the country was saved from bloodshed and civil
war. On the 7th of December, your Governor
tells you, he went to Lawrence; but he does not
tell you the whole story .He did go to Law-
rence, and he met the Lawrence men, and the
Lawrence women, too; and he saw the inflexible
determination of the one and the calm devotion
of the other. He told gentlemen who directed
the affairs of Lawrence that they had been mis-
represented—that they misunderstood each other;
and then, after two days of conference and nego-
tiation, he made a treaty. The first sentence of
the treaty acknowledges that the Governor and
the people of Lawrence had not understood each
other. Here is a man who asked the President
for the Army of the United States; who ordered
out the militia, and incorporates into the militia
of Kansas, by the showing of these papers, from
one thousand to fifteen hundred Missourians; and
then, afterdoing this, he went to Lawrence—and
what did he find? People who flew to arms sim-
ply to protect their homes and th'eir firesides
against an armed invasion of two thousand men,
who were threatening, with oaths, to burn their
city, and to blot them out from existence. I say,
Governor Shannon made a treaty with General
Lane, (known to some Senators here,) and with
General Robinson—a man who, i hope, is here-
after to be known to Senators—and this treaty
closes with the agreement on the part of Gov-
ernor Shannon, that he " will use his influence
to secure to the citizens of Kansas remuneration
for any damages sustained by the sheriff's posse
in Douglas county; that he has not called upon
persons residents of any other States to aid in
the execution of the laws; and that he has not
any authority or legal power to do so, nor will
he exercise any such power; and that he will not
call on aily citizen of another State who may be
here." In thews negotiation* he agreed to waive
