1856.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1703
■tfhich existed then, and which brought down
the meaning of the terras employed to oiir day.
Hp found that the power over commerce was
vested in the British Government, and not in the
colonies, and he did not know that before the
Revolution there was any power to open harbors
of commerce, though there was to open harbors
of refuge._ If I understand Mr. Calhoun's rea-
soning, this is the ground on which he proceeded.
Now, to me it is manifest, with all due sub-
mission to that extraordinary, sagacious, wise,
and honorable man—and no one had a greater
regard for him in life, and none has a greater
regard for his memory now that ho is dead, than
myself—that if the power to regulate commerce
gives you a right to open a harbor for one pur-
pose, it gives you a right to open a harbor for
another purpose connected with commerce; and
that if a harbor of refuge, by which property
and life are to be secured, comes under the power
to regulate commerce, so does a harbor which is
necessary to enable, your vessels to go in and
unload. It seems to me, that if you have power
to make a harbor to shelter yourself from a storm,
you can make one for the purpose of unloading.
Mr. Calhoun's ground in respect to river im-
provements is another thing.
Mr. BUTLER. I can understand a very sens-
ible difference: hospitality itself would recognize
the difference between a harbor of refuge and a
harbor of commerce. Civilized nations ought to
hold out buoys, and light-houses, and guides,
and safety-lamps, for the mariner. That is a duty
of humanity; and for this reason there might be
some recognition of the power to make harbors
of refuge from the storm. But it is an entirely
different question when you come to digging a
new channel, and making a new source, I may
say, of commerce. This is a power which is
controlled by nothing except what you can effect
by money. That is the only limitation which I
see on it. The power to do that would give
power to make a railroad from New Orleans to
Buffalo.
The Senator from Michigan says that, because,
according to Mr. Calhoun's opinion, the power
to regulate commerce gives you authority to make
some appliances in a harbor of refuge for the pro-
tection of life and property, it also gives a power
to make a harbor of commerce. If so, why does
it not give you power to make a channel across
the continent on land ? I see no difference be-
tween the cases in principle. My word on it,
Mr. President, if Mr. Calhoun, with his great
mind, could have controlled the operations which
he put in motion by the suggestions of his bril-
liant, high, and responsible genius—for he al-
ways thought with the responsibility of one who
would follow out his own acts—you would never
have had these bills. He went for the improve-
ment of the Mississippi, and its great tributaries,
on the broad ground that they were in the con-
templation of the Constitution to be regarded as
maritime interests, and that the legislative ad-
miralty jurisdiction of the United States should
extend over them, as well as the judicial admi-
ralty jurisdiction. He thought the Mississippi
had assumed an importance in this country as
an inland sea, because it washed so many States.
Thai was his view; but he never intended to go
for, or advocate in any way, any measure which
would countenance bills of this character. With
his vastly utilitarian mind, he would never have
gone on, even as a mere matter of expediency, to
expend money on ports where the next storm
would obliterate your woiks.
Let me say to my friend from Louisiana—I am
not a prophet, nor the son of a prophet—in his
advocacy of this great system, if he were to con-
fine it to the Mississippi, washing many States
Iroivi the north to the south, he might support
that measure consistently with his notions of the
Constitution; but allow me to say to him, that
twenty years will not pass by before the very
system which he is now supporting will carry
rommcrce from .New Orleans, if it be successful.
It will take commerce from New Orleans, and,
instead of running down the river, it will be taken
across from the ^hssissippi river to New York.
That is my opinion, and therefore I think he is
countenancing a system to opposo the laws and
the operations of nature. As long as your sys-
tem was confined to the Mississippi, I should not
have made eemplaint; but, as my friend from
Georgia has said, you are taxing the agricultural
portion of these United States with a view to
build up towns and feed commerce. You tax a
portion of the people of the United States, not
quite so vigilant as those who are getting the
money, on the ground that you are improving
commerce! "Who pays for it? Do the towns pay
for it ? I suppose it is a bounty to the towns, and
the country- pays for it. The sooner this is un-
derstood the better. You may quote the fable,
and tell me that when the other members refused
to aid the stomach to digest, all the members per-
ished. I know that commerce is necessary to
invigorate and give prosperity to the community;
but commerce has no right to claim these exac-
tions «.t the expense of other interests. It is
claiming them at the expense of other interests.
I suppose the towns at this time would be willing
to be reconciled on almost any terms 'to get ap-
propriations for their local benefit, not caring for
the source whence the money comes. Some will
take fifty thousand dollars, with a certain knowl-
edge that another point asks for a million.
Now, sir, if ever I want to find any of these
measures of internal improvement, I have only to
look in the index for St. Mary's canal, as a man
would look in the index of a. law-book for
" usury," or any other item in law. I shall find
under that head everything connected with the
system, I have once or twice had occasion to
refer to that measure before. Mr. Calhoun was
quoted as authority for it, on a former occasion,
by the honorable Senator from Michigan—I
allude to the canal at the Falls of St. Mary's.
When Mr. Calhoun originally was in favor of
granting alternate sections of public lands for
canals—and, I believe, for railroads, though I do
not knowhow thatis—it was on the broad ground
that they were contiguous to the line of the canal,
and that, as a land proprietor, he was willing to
give one section, provided there would be an ad-
vance on the other in putting it into market.
How long did that limitation last? It was not
long before a proposition was made, not only to
give alternate sections of the public lands where
the ro«id or canal runs, but to give alternate sec-
tions for six miles on each side. How long did that
last? This caoutchouc construction of the Con-
stitution seems to expand every day. We next
had a proposition to allow the alternate sections
to be taken within fifteen miles; and when we
came to make this celebrated canal in Michigan,
at the Falls of St. Mary's, they were not satis-
fied with taking alternate sections, but they broke
through every limitation, and took the land
wherever they could get it. They have made
one of the most stupendous canals—I have no
| doubt a very good one—out of our money; be-
1 cause they have sold our lands, and used the
money for this purpose.
When the Senator from Michigan speaks of
producing records, let me tell him that I can pro-
duce the last vote which Mr. Calhoun gave on
this subject, of grants of alternate sections of
public land. I brought the matter to his notice
myself. I saw that he proceeded on a principle
which had some safety, which had the sanctions
of a wise man's mind, though 1 could not agree
with him, because perhaps I could not understand
fully all the comprehensive views he took on sub-
jects of that kind. I said to him, "Mr. Calhoun,
I they are not going to take these alternate sections
1 on the line of the canal, but they are going to
! take them six miles off." "Then," said he, "1
| will desert them; because if you can go six miles
you can go ten." He voted against it. When
; he was honest in one purpose, and in one view,
it was seized upon to extend a system which was
| nothing in the world but taking the public land
I for local purposes. I wish it to be understood
J that the last vote which Mr. Calhoun ever gave
| on that subject was against the propriety of devi-
I ating from the strict line of taking alternate see-
'i tions on the principle of a land proprietor. I
j; refer to it now as an illustration.
II I desire to bring this system to the view of the
' country, and I am glad that my friend from Geor-
; gia has, with so much pertinacity, kept up the
, agitation of this subject, because it is not one of
I to-day. Suppose there were three fields adjacent
' to each other at different angles, and there was a
! manure pile ors lotof guano on one angle, and
| it w*  sought to be put on two fields to the ex-
' clusftn of the third, what would yau think of a
man who administered an agent of fertilization
of that kind by taking it from all three, to which
it belonged, and bestowing it on two to the ex-
clusion of the third ? You are doing the same
thing now. On any doctrine which you may
choose to avow, independently of our constitu-
tional scruples, you might as well exclude Vir-
ginia, North Carolina, South Carolina, Georgia,
and Alabama from, this Confederacy, so far as
regards the bounties bestowed in the form of
regulating commerce by opening rivers. Will
you open any river in Georgia? The Savannah
river at one time carried down to the sea more
cotton than all the rivers of the earth. Not so
now. Would you bestow your bounty if I were
to ask, or any one were to ask, it in the name of
the San tee, or the still more classic river Catawba,
running up into North Carolina, or the still more
extensive river of Pedee, running to the borders
of Virginia? Not at all. It would be said they
are not national! You might as well, by your
act, say that you exclude those States from the
Confederacy in the distribution of the bounties
of this Government. I fear the time is coming,
if the indications are to be believed, when you
might as well put a clause in the Constitution that
the high honors of this Government shall be taken
from that portion of the Union. What"will be
the consequencc I shall not undertake to say.
Mr. PUGH. Mr. President, the Senator from
South Carolina has mingled so many considera-
tions and so many issues, that it shall be my
purpose, in what I have to say, to call the Senate
back to the matter which is immediately before
us. I shall not go into the discussion of the
grants of alternate sections of public lands for
the construction of railroads or canals. When-
ever that subject is properly before the Senate, I
shall give my views. I have thus far voted
against those grants, chiefly because I believed
they had attained a height of extravagance, and
thought it behooved Congress to rebuke them.
Now, sir, among the powers delegated to Con-
gress by the Constitution in express terms, ia
the power to regulate commerce. What does it
mean ? To prescribe the terms on which men
may negotiate. Why, sir, you never have pre-
scribed them. If that ia the meaning of the term,
you never have regulated commerce; but under
that power you have gone on to impose duties
upon tonnage. For what purposes ? To encour-
age the American shipowner and discourage the
British shipowner—that is to say, you have used
the taxing power of this Government for the
purpose of promoting the shipping of this Union.
If the Senator from South Carolina, and the Sen-
ator from Georgia, be correct in their doctrines,
every one of these acts coeval with the estab-
lishment of the Constitution, and maintained now
as the settled policy of the Government, is a vio-
lation of the Constitution.
Sir, it was one of the chief inducements to the
establishment of this Union—it was one of the
evils of the old Confederation, that the subject of
commerce with foreign countries, and between the
several States, was left to a diversity of regula-
tion; audit was the design of the Constitution to
declare that, for commercial purposes as for for-
eign purposes, the Government of the United
States was a single Government. I repeat the
proposition in its broadest terms: for the purposes
of commerce with foreign nations between the
States, and with the Indian tribes, we are to legis-
late as if we were the Legislature of the whole
Republic. We have no notice of State lines; we
have no notice of North, or South, or East, or
West That duty is conferred upon us and it is
forbidden to the State governments—forbidden
in the Constitution by necessary implication—
forbidden by all your ordinances, by all your laws
for the admission of new States. From the earliest
period of the Government, the Mississippi river,
the Ohio river, the St. Lawrence river—all of
them have been excluded from the operation of
State laws, and put under the control of the Gen-
eral Government.
Now, the Senator from South Carolina says,
that it would be constitutional to appropriate
money to improve the navigation of the Missis-
sippi river.
Mr. BUTLER. I do not.
Mr. PUGH. He does not complain of that.
I understand him to say he would not compJ*in
of it.
