1704
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 22,
Mr. BUTLER. If you confined yourselves to
something that looked modest, I believe I should
not have complained.
Mr. PUGH. And why? Because the Mis-
sissippi river runs from the north to the south!
That is the high constitutional principle on which
it stands. A river that runs from the east to
the west would not be constitutional.
Mr. BUTLER. Oh, no ! I beg my friend 
Mr. PUGH. I shall be happy to be corrected
if 1 misunderstood the Senator.
Mr. BUTLER. 1 say that somehow it is one
of the peculiarities of the Mississippi that it runs
through more parallels than any river on earth,
as far as I know. In that respect it seems-to be
indicated as one of the great channels of commerce.
If it were to run from the east to the west, I should
consider it a great misfortune, not on the ground
of constitutionality, but because it would be a
dividing line; but, as it is, it is one of the strongest
bonds of this Union. I never said it was consti-
tutional to make an appropriation for it.
Mr. PUGH. 1 agree with the Senator that the
Mississippi river is the strongest ligament which
binds this Union together in these days, when
constitutions are interpreted at every man's beck
and will. But why is it the subject of our con-
sideration because it passes through so many
States of this Union ? So docs the Ohio river. So
does the St. Lawrence river, for I suppose that
it may be considered a single river winch joins
all these lakes together. Will the Senator show
me a point of constitutional doctrine, or a principle
of any sort, which would authorize an appropri-
ation for the benefit of the Mississippi river which
would not apply as well to Lake Erie, Lake Mich-
igan, Lake Huron, Lake Superior, or Lake On-
tario ? They are larger bodies of water.
Now, sir, on what doctrine did Mr. Calhoun
deliver his opinion ? He said that the Mississippi
river and its tributaries—the Senator omits the
tributaries as often as he names the Mississippi,
but the Senator from Tennessee [Mr. Bell] in-
sists all the time on reminding lam of it—the
Mississippi river and its tributaries, the Ohio and
Missouri, might be improved by the General
Government.
Mr. BUTLER. Not tributaries running
through less than three States.
Mr. PUGH. The Ohio does run through three
States and more, and the Missouri will, after we
get the Territories admitted as States. If you
take these two rivers away, there will be very
soon no Mississippi; and if you take away the
commerce which is carried into the Mississippi
from these two tributaries, it becomes of no con-
sequence. In fact, they are all one connected
channel of commerce. lie said that the naviga-
tion there was of the same description as the
navigation of the ocean. But the Senator says
we have neglected tile southern rivers. What
rivers have we neglected ? The Catawba? Is the
Catawba navigable after it leaves the State of
South Carolina? Is the Pedee navigable after it
leave,s the State of South Carolina? Not at all.
In fact, when they leave your State line, going
northward 
Mr. BUTLER.. I thought you were speaking
of going down. I never knew them to run up.
Mr. PUGII. I ask, is it possible for a boat to
go up the river after she gets to the boundary of
your State? There are rivers in my State for
which I ask no appropriation—rivers upon which
the Stnte has expended her money. In my own
case, since the beginning of this very session of
Congress, I have refused to the commissioners
of public works in my State, to introduce a bill
to improve the navigation at the mouth of tlie
Scioto river, because it was wholly within the
State—because it was subject to State jurisdic-
tion, although thai, pait of it which is naviga-
ble, is the outlet of the Ohio canal, which con-
nects the Ohio river with Lake Erie. 1 do not
ask—1 will not vote for a proposition to improve
the navigation of a river which is wholly subject
to State authority, not a whit more than I would
vote to dig a canal or build a raihoad. But when
you come to rivers that are not subject to any
State, which, in the nature of things, never can
be subject to any State, we are told that the State
of South Carolina shall have protection to all her
commerce which enters from the Atlantic, and we
shall have none for ours. That is what the Sen-
ator thinks is equality!
Mr. BUTLER. I did not say so.
Mr. PUGH. We are told how much has been
done for us of the interior! Why, sir, what is
this great Navy, for which we have paid so
much ? The discussions of the naval board ques-
tion alone, during this session of the Senate, have
cost almost as much money as many of these
bills which have been discussed here. All this
immense establishment of armed ships, of sail-
ors, of seamen, and of soldiers of every descrip-
tion, with all their armament, whom do they pro-
tect ? They protect the commerce of South Caro-
lina. They do not protect us. We get nothing
from them. Why, sir, it will not take all your
fingers to count the whole number of citizens of
the State of Ohio connected in any degree with
your Navy. That is a thing in which we have
a precious little interest. We are not admitted
to its benefits; we have none of them. ThisGov-
ernment, year after year, is expending its revenue
to protect the commerce of the Atlantic States,
and then gentlemen rise up here to read us lec-
tures because we ask that our rivers, which the
Government took under its protection—that our
rivers, from the control of which the Government
excluded us, shall be put on the same footing.
The Senator from Georgia says he will call on
his constituents to protect their purses by their
swords'. Why, sir, whose purse is this? Whence
is derived the revenue of this Government? From
commerce—every dollar of it. You have not
gone to direct taxation. When it shall be the
opinion of the people of the United States that
they will maintain this Federal Government by
direct taxation, then I will vote with the Senator
against any proposition to improve rivers and
harbors; but so long as you levy the taxes for the
whole expense of your Government, your Army,
your Navy, your civil list, your diplomatic list,
on the commerce of the country, I say, give that
which produces all your revenue a little of your
protection. That is the whole question—shall
we have the protection of this Government?
Then we are told a great deal about the plat-
form of the Democratic party. Sir, the fact
stated by the Senator from Michigan is remark-
able, that the very gentleman who drew the
resolution of which we heard so much, voted
himself for every one of these appropriations.
It is very singular, that not only General Jackson,
and Mr. Monroe, and President Polk, but even
President Pierce, within twelve calendar months,
did not discover this new light upon the subject
of internal improvements. These are not " in-
ternal improvements" in the sense of that reso-
lution. They were not understood to be such.
They were not in the contemplation of the parties
who drew and adopted the resolution. They
were not in the contemplation of any public man
at the time when the subject was before the
country. We all know what was meant. It
was a part of Mr. Clay's system of raising a
revenue by a high protective tariff, and finding a
method of expending that revenue by the con-
struction of roads and canals within th< borders
of the States.
The Senator from South Carolina speaks, too,
of having departed from the original design of
these grants of public lands. He says, Congress
originally set out with the idea of only appro-
priating alternate sections. The Senator is mis-
taken. The first grant that ever was made was,
: I believe, to your State, Indiana, to aid you in
| the construction of a canal. Congress gave al-
! ternate sections, and after that they gave a gross
j body in addition. The next grant was to my
J State. Congress granted alternate sections all
i along the Miami and Erie canal, from Dayton to
! Toledo, and, in addition, five hundred thousand
j acres, to be selected from the State at large.
Mr. BUTLER. I did not say you had not
1 done it.
Mr. PUGH. Congress did it.
Mr. BUTLER. What I said was, that Mr.
Calhoun had never done it. He had confined
. himself to alternate sections. What I said was
; in vindication of him.
j Mr. PUGH. At the time these grants were
i made, Mr. Calhoun was Secretary of War. They
j were made during Mr. Monroe's administration,
! and while Mr. Calhoun was Secretary of War. j
: These were the first grants, and they were not j
| made with a view to regulate commerce. They j
. were made for the purpose of enhancing the value !
of the public domain, and they have enhanced it,
for the General Government has received more
than the value of its grant from your State and from
mine; and if the present appropriations of that
kind were rightly conducted, it would derive
benefit from them.
On this question, I confess I am alarmed per-
sonally by the number of these appropriations.
I have so expressed myself to my colleague and
several others, but what more can we do. These
measures are recommended to us by the execu-
tive department. They are recommended by the
Committee on Commerce, and they are said to be
practicable and proper.
Mr. HUNTER. The Senator will allow me
just here to remark, that I think he is mistaken
in saying that they are recommended by the ex-
ecutive department. I have seen no such recom-
mendation.
Mr. PUGH. It is very difficult for me to take
the distinctions in which the Senator indulges.
They are estimated for, and they are stated to
be proper. I believe that is the case. Is that a
recommendation ?
Mr. HUNTER. Not by any head of the de-
partment that I have seen or heard of.
Mr. PUGH. By what authority does the head
of a department allow his subordinate to make
these recommendations, and then say he is not
responsible ? I say he is responsible unless he
dissents from the recommendations.
Mr.HUNTER. Ido not know that any head
of a bureau has recommended these appropria-
tions.
Mr. PUGH. Somebody has recommended
them, and some person purporting to speak by
official authority. Who is it? Who is it that
has told the Committee on Commerce that this
is the cost of the work, and that it is a proper
work ? With whom do they deal but with the
executive Government ?
Mr. MASON. I hope the Senator will get the
information. What officer of the Government
is it?
Mr. PUGH. The Senator from New York
has risen three or four times, and read statement
after statement 
Mr. TOOMBS. I think the Senator from New
York has not stated that he had a recommend-
ation from anybody that these things were proper;
but there have been surveys by the topographical
engineers, and they have recommended the cost;
but as to the propriety of the work there has
been no statement.
Mr. BENJAMIN. So far as 1 understand this
matter, it is so simple and clear that everybody
who desires can know exactly how it stands.
Applications are made to Congress from different
parts of the Confederacy for improvements of
this character; that is, for removing obstructions
and improving harbors. The Committee on Com-
merce take the subject under consideration, and
themselves determine whether it would be ad-
visable to have a harbor at the particular point
where the appropriation is asked, by examining
its commerce, its position, the extent of its ton-
nage, its population. If they think the point i?
such, and the dangers of navigation such, that it
is desirable to have any harbor made, they then
apply to the Department to ascertain whether that
improvement can be made; and, if it can. what
sum it will cost? When that is reported, and
in their estimation the improvement can be made
according to the intelligence thus given them, and
the sum to them appears reasonable, they determ-
ine for themselves whether it is a pioper place
for improvement.
Mr. PUGH. Let me take it, then, on the very
lowest ground that can be put on it. It is a rec-
ommendation of our Committee on Commerce,
composed of gentlemen whom we have delegated
to examine these subjects and advise us. 1 shall
treat that committee with as much confidence as
I have treated other committees. I have voted
this session two or three times for propositions
from the Committee on Foreign Relations, of
which my friend from Virginia, [Mr. Mason,] is
chairman, to payout public money in large sums
when I was not entirely satisfied with it; bat I
had respect for the judgment of the committee;
and I will give that same respect to the judgment
of the Committee on Commerce. But 1 say at
the same time that I am impressed with the idea
that this is a very large expenditure of public
