830
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 7,
mittee of Elections to report the following reso-
lutions:
Resolved, That, in the matter of the memorial of L. Jay
B. Turney, claiming to represent the ninth congressional
district m the State of Illinois, the said Turney is not enti-
tled to represent said district; and that Samuel S. Marshall,
the sitting member, was duly clected and is entitled to hold
eaid seat.
liesolved, That the Clerk of this House be authorized to
pay out of the contingent fund of this House to Jay B.
Turney, claiming a seat as Representative of the ninth con-
fressional district of the State of Illhnois, the usual per
iem ami mileage allowed to members of Congress, com-
puting the per diem to the date hereof only.
I ask that the further consideration of the res-
olutions be postponed until to-morrow.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. Why notdispose
of them now ?
Mr. BINGHAM. If it be the pleasure of the
House to pass on the resolution at this time, I
shall interpose no objection.
Mr. McMULLIN. I desire to call the atten-
tion of the Committee of Elections, and that of
the House, to a fact which presents itself to my
mind. In both the cases reported, the committee
have reported against the contestants, and at the
same time that the contestants should be paid
per diem and mileage.
* I would like to have the committee accom-
pany their resolutions with a report of the
grounds upon which they predicate the claims of
the contestants to the proposed compensation. I
am aware that it has been the custom of Congress
to allow the contestant of the seat of the sitting
member the usual per diem and mileage of a
member, where there exists just cause for con-
testing the seat.
Mr. BINGHAM. If the gentleman will per-
mit me, I will make a statement of facts which
will satisfy the gentleman, and answer his ques-
tion to the entire satisfaction of the House.
Mr. McMULLEN. I will yield to the gentle-
man for that purpose.
Mr. BINGHAM. In both of the cases upon
which I have reported, the contestants came here
instructed, under the great seal of the State of
Illinois, to present to the House the constitu-
tional question, whether that State could add
additional qualifications beyond those which are
prescribed by the Constitution of the United
States, for members of this House? Inasmuch,
then, as both of those parties have appeared here
in obedience to that command, bearing with them
each the great seal of the State, the committee
came to the unanimous conclusion that they came
here in good faith, and that, according to usage,
they should receive their per diem and mileage.
As discussion of this matter has opened, I will
move, upon the suggestion of members, that the
House now proceed to the consideration of the
resolutions which 1 have reported, and in the
order m which they were reported, and I with-
draw my motion to postpone their consideration.
Mr. McMULLIN. With the explanation
made by the gentleman from Ohio, I shall cer-
tainly not oppose the resolution to pay the con-
testants in these particular cases. I desire that
they shall be paid; but I desire to say that the
practice has become too common and frequent for
gentlemen to contest the seats of members here
without cause; and I take this occasion to request
the Committee of Elections, that hereafter they
shall accompany their resolutions with a report
of the grounds upon which they predicate
the claims of the contestants to mileage and per
diem allowance. This practice of paying con-
testants has grown to be a very great abuse, and
I tlunk the practice has been abused. I will not
say that a gentleman who has just grounds for
contesting a seat ought not to be paid, but I am
tin wiiung that one who has no reasonable ground
of contesting a seat shall come here and trouble
the House, and at the same time make a specu-
lation out of it. I shall vote for paying the con-
testants in these cases.
Mr. SMITH, of Alabama. I wish to say to
the House that, in the case of Turney claiming
the seat of Samuel S. Marshall, I expect to file I
minority report.
■'0NES> of Tennessee. I shall ask, when
the House comes to a vote upon the resolutions in
these two cases, that each of them shall be di-
vided, so that a separate vote may be taken upon
the question whether the contestant is entitled to
a seat, and then upon the question of paying the
contestant. While I concur with the committee
in the first branch of their report, that the con-
testant is not entitled to a seat here, I cannot con-
cur with them that either of the contestants
should be paid the mileage and daily compensa-
tion of a member of this House.
I know, sir, that it has been the practice almost,
if not quite, universally, to pay a contestant when
he fails to show that his right to a seat here is
good, as well as when he shows that it is good.
I, myself, think that the correct and proper rule
to be observed is, not to pay a contestant in any
case, unless he shall succeed in establishing, to
the satisfaction of the House, that the sitting
member is not legally entitled to the seat which
he holds. If I understand—and I think I do—the
principle upon which the committee have come
to the conclusion that the contestants in the cases
now under consideration are not entitled to the
seats respectively claimed by them, it is not upon
the question whether they did or did not receive
as many votes as the sitting members, but upon
the peculiar provisions of the constitution of the
State of Illinois, which virtually rendered ineli-
gible to any office, any person who was elected a
judge, during the term for which he was elected
to such judgeship. It is the same principle which
was settled by the Senate, in a contest for the seat
of one of its members during the present session;
and I think it was correctly settled by the Senate,
that the Constitution of the United States pre-
scribed the qualifications of members of this
House, as well as the Senate, and that a State can
neither add to nor take from those qualifications;
and that, when a person who is eligible to office
according to the Constitution of the United States,
receives a majority of the legal votes of his con-
stituents and comes here, he is entitled to his seat,
any provision of the State constitution to the con-
trary notwithstanding. This is a very clear ques-
tion, and one which ought not, at least, to have
been mistaken; and I cannot, for one, as a mem-
ber of this House, vote to pay a contestant who
has contested the seat of a sitting member under
these circumstances and upon these grounds.
I shall therefore vote to sustain the first part of
the report of the Committee of Elections—that
the sitting members are entitled to their seats—
but I shall vote against that part of the report
which provides for the payment, out of the con-
tingent fund of the House, of mileage and per
diem to these contestants.
Mr. ALLEN. I desire to make a single remark
to the House in reference to these two contests.
These parties, as has been already stated by the
gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Bingham,] who made
the reports, do not stand here in the position in
which ordinary contestants stand before the
House. They do not come here with that sort
of case which is usually presented by those who
contest seats of members of this House. They
come here and present their claims before tlus
House, because the Executive of the State of Illi-
nois was unable to settle the question. They did
not come here of their own volition. But they
came to ask the House to settle these contro-
versies, which the Governor of our State, in view
of the constitution of the State, and of the Con-
stitution of the United States, was unable to
settle.
It will be recollected by the committee, and by
the members of the House, that when the returns
were made to the proper executive officer of the
State, and when the board of canvassers came to
pass upon these returns, m view of the conflict—
as_ they believed—between the constitution of
Illinois and a provision of the Constitution of the
United States, they were unable to determine as
to the members elect. That question was referred
by the Executive of the State of Illinois to the
House of Representatives, to be determined.
Under these circumstances, while I should be
opposed to encouraging contestants, while I
should be opposed to paying out of the Treasury,
money to such persons, who had really no good
claim, I cannot withhold my vote from the reso-
lution reported by the committee on this subject.
The question, as I have stated, was referred by
the highest authority of our State, to this House
for settlement; and having been so referred, I
conceive that it was the duty of those interested
to follow up these cases until they were finally
settled. 1
Mr. SAPP called for the previous question, but
subsequently withdrew it, at the request of—
Mr. NORTON. I shall vote, Mr. Speaker, for
the resolution now before the House, in relation
to the contested seat of my colleague from the
Cairo district [Mr. S. S. Marshall,] and also
for that relating to the Alton district. I do not
propose to discuss the question, in any degree, at
length, but I will, very briefly, give the reasons
why I shall vote in support of both resolutions
and of both branches of them.
I am clearly of opinion, sir, that the sitting
member from the Cairo district [Mr. Marshall]
is entitled to his seat. I am also clearly of opinion
that Judge Trumbull would have been entitled to
his seat for the Alton district, if he had not been
subsequently elected to the United States Senate
and taken his seat in that body. It is well known
that the contests in these cases arise out of a
clause in the constitution of the State of Illinois,
which provides " that the judges of the supreme
and circuit courts shall not be eligible to any
other office of public trust or profit, in this
State or the United States, during the term for
which they shall have been elected, nor for one
year thereafter." In the case of Judge Trum-
bull, he had resigned his office as a judge more
than a year prior to the time when he was elected
a member of this House. In the case of Judge
Marshall he had, as I understand, resigned his
office only a few months prior to the time when
he was elected. This in my judgment created a
broad distinction between those two cases. The
constitution of the State of Illinois provides that
no person shall be eligible to a seat on this floor
during the term of his judicial office, or fora year
afterwards. Judge Trumbull had terminated his
term a year pnorto his election to the House, and
was therefore entitled to his seat, even if effect
were to be given to the provision to which I have
alluded. No such saving clause exists in the case
of Judge Marshall. But as far as my own opin-
ions are concerned, I care nothing about this dis-
tinction at all. I hold that the Constitution of the
United States alone can be taken into considera-
tion in judging of these two cases. I hold that
the constitution of the State of Illinois can
neither add to nor subtract from the qualifica-
tions imposed upon members of this House under
the Constitution of the United States.
Looking, therefore, to the Constitution of the
United States alone, as my guide, I can come to
but one conclusion, and that is, that both my
colleague, the sitting member from the Cairo dis-
trict, [Judge Marshall,] and Judge Trumbull—
had he not been elected to the United States Senate
—were entitled to their seats. I have no diffi-
culty, therefore, on that point, and I will vote
cheerfully for the resolutions declaring the sitting
member from the Cairo district entitled to his
seat, and declaring the seat for the Alton district
vacant.
Now, sir, in regard to the second branch of
this question. I hold in the first place that the
Governor of the State of Illinois ought to have
given certificates to these persons receiving the
largest number of votes, [Judges Marshall and
Trumbull.] I hold thathe had no right—whatever
may have been his construction of the constitu-
tion of Illinois, whatever may have been his views
as a private individual, or as a Governor—to go
beyond or behind the returns furnished to the
Secretary of State. He had no right to enter on
the question whether either of these individuals,
who had the highest number of votes, held any
other office under the State. I hold that he had
no cognizance of the question whether either of
these persons was a judge of the State of Illi-
nois, or had not vacated such office more than a
year. He had no more right to go into that ques-
tion, than he would have to investigate the ques-
tion whether the sitting member here is an alien,
or under age, or was laboring under ineligibility
of any other character; and the mere fact that
the judgeship may be evidenced here, or else-
where, by record proof, is no reason why the
Governor of Illinois should refuse to give a cer-
tificate of election to the person having a majority
of votes.
Now, sir, what did he do? You will understand,
sir, that in giving my opinion as to what was the
duty of the Governor of the State of Illinois, I
do not propose to call in question the integrity
of his acts or the correctness of his motives. I
suppose he acted in accordance with what he
deemed his duty. But, in my judgment, these
