w
HFPENDIX IX) THE C0NGRES60NAL GLOBE.
[February IS,
34th Cong.... 1st Sess.
Kansas Affairs—Mr. Wilson.
Senate.
the question of the validity of the laws of the
territorial Legislature. Then he issued an order
to General Lane and General Robinson to incor-
porate into the service of Kansas the militia of
•Lawrence, and directed them " to use the en-
rolled force for the preservation of the peace, and
the protection of Lawrence and vicinity " against
the armed men on the banks of the Wakarusa.
Mr. President, this treaty which Shannon
signed with Lane and Robinson, on Sunday, the
9th of December, 1855, will stand a perpetual
confession of his incapacity and folly: this order,
giving Lane and Robinson authority " to use the
enrolled force"—with those famed Sharpe's rifles
—" for the preservation of peace, and the protec-
tion of Lawrence and vicinity " against the armed
bands his fat&l proclamation had summoned, will
stand a living testimony that the men of Lawrence
were the guardians of law. Yes, sir, that treaty
and that order will stand an eternal expression)
•at once of error and repentance.
After signing those evidenees of his own humili-
ation, he returned to the camp on the Wakarusa,
and then, to the leaders of the crew he had drawn
together, proclaimed his truce with the men of
Lawrence. Back to their homes in Missouri
sauntered these baffled bands of lawless despera-
does, cold, sullen, dispirited. They came to the
hanks of the Wakarusa, big With threats of ven-
geance upon the free Stale men of Lawrence; they
returned with bitter curses upon the imbecile
Governor, whose proclamation had drawn them
from their homes. General Strmgfallow, whose
pure taste the Senator from South Carolina can
vouch for, denounced the treachery of Shannon.
Captain Leonard, the leader of one of these gangs
of iKmfer banditti, through the columns of the
St. Joseph Gazette, declares that your Governor
" raises a storm, and then to quell it, Judas-like,
professes his special friendship, first for one party,
and then, I conjecture, for the other. But, how-
ever this may he, he descends to the despicable
positron of a common liar both to the one party
and the other."
You may search the rteords tif the country
from the settlement at Jamestown to this day,
and you can find no instance of such incapacity,
folly, and superadded criminality as Wilson Shan-
non displayed on that occasion; or such an utter
disregard of the rights of the' people as was mani-
fested by the border settlers of Missouri. I com-
mend to the consideration of the Senator from
Missouri these pregnant questions of the St.
Louis Democrat, a paper published at his -own
home:
. " What right bad these hordes of border banditti to invade
the soil of fliat Territory, and enlist themselvfis in Support
of Governor Shmraoft.' What business had they there?
What la*, er what precedent, would justify their intert'er-
enee in the affairs of afreeaadspvereign Territory? H'liat
right had Governor Shannon 8lrinjfelJo(v to invite,
encourage, or countenance thtSr presence In Anns, in a
common wealth of which they wAre not citizens? Wasthere
tables of those saloons of San Francisco, (de-
scribed by that experienced traveler, Madame Ida
! Pfeiffer, as the most dissolute she had ever seen
1 in her tour of the globe,) with Mexican greasers,
the escaped convicts of the British penal colonies,
1 and the desperadoes of the Old World and the
; New—the man who could, while Kansas was
! overrun by armed bands, summoned around
Lawrence by his own reckless letters, dispatches,
and proclamations, while civil war lowered over
the people intrusted to his care—while an hon-
ored citizen, stricken down by the assassin, lay !
cold in death, and a devoted wife was weeping !
over his mortal remains, make himself the humili- j
ating object of the derision of his enemies, and J
of the pity of his friends, by an exhibition of j
fross intoxication—is not the man to whom the 1
.merican people would intrust the affairs of !
Kansas. ;
I now call the attention of the Senate, Mr. Pres-
ident, to another foray over the borders—to the }
fifth Missouri invasion. I mean the irruption
into Kansas on the I5th of December, when the ,
people were called upon to vote upon the consti-
tution framed by that convention tne Senator from
Connecticut is pleased to pronounce " spurious."
Along the Missouri border, the people in several
of the voting precincts were overawed by threats
of impending violence, and meetings were not
holden. At Leavenworth the election was broken ;
up by the lawless brutality of men, many of whom j
had been ordered to Leavenworth on that day to j
be formally discharged from service in the Kan- (
sas militia,into which they hied been incorporated.
At th£ dinner hour, whiie most of the people were j
absent from the polls, these "border ruffians" ,
rushed upon the officers, broke up the meeting,
beat to the earth Witherell, the clerk, whose life
was saved by the heroic daring of Brown, since '
foully murdered, who rushed to his rescue at a
moment when the uplifted ax of the assassin was
about to descend upon his prostrate form.
On the 22d of December, another foray was
made- upon freedom at Leavenworth, arid the
press of Mr. Delahay, which barely escaped on
the 15th, was destroyed. This gentleman is a
native of Maryland, and has been a slaveholder
in his native State, in Alabama, and in Missouri;
and has little sympathy with anti-slavery men.
He is simply-one of those moderate, conservative
men who believe that" free labor is honorable and
slave labor is dishonorable," and that the per-
manent interests of Kansas would be promoted
by making it a free commonwealth.
On the 15th of January, the people of Kansas j
were called upon to elect officers under the con- |!
stitutioo adopted on the 15th of December. An-
other assault upon the freedom of the ballot-box *
Was miVde at Easton, by armed men. An attempt !
was made to resist the destruction of the ballot- ■
boxes by these marauding squads that were
prowling over the country, insulting the people,
*rnr a more giartng ioconasteBcy, or a more glaring out- !j and robbing them of their means of defense
YUsm thiln that hi: nrnmn 9honnn  <in>4 hi., :^i/ u.  . . . _ _
T&ge, Uian that by winch Shannon and tola inmiouH have
eotiirbt to overawe and crush a portion of the people of
Kni'idas, 1a* introducing a gang of lawless desperadoes upon
their anil, armed to the teeth With Weapons obtained by
breaking opoa a United State* arsenal ? Has the civilized
world everknowa a. more disgraceful, barbarous, and savage
This Administration has how clothed Wilson ,
Shannon—-whose incompetency has been made
manifest t© the world—wttbthecivil and military i
-authority, and With all the power of the Govern-
ment to execute the laws, and tp maintain order
ia the Territory. The duties assigned this-officer,
in the present critical condition of B&its on your
frontiers, are Of the gravest and most weighty
character. Sir, your Administration—by the
wanton repeal of the Missouri prohibition, fa*
the failure to protect the actual residents of Kan-
■sas in their rights,and by the blundering acts and
criminal remissness of the official authorities—
has brought the nation to the perilous edge of
civil strife.. Sir, this Administration owes it to
the country, whose peace is in danger this day,
to intrust the responsible and delicate duties of
Governor of Kansas to a prudent, judicious, sa-
gacious statesman—a man of individual Honor
and personal character, in whom the people can
Peaceable, law-abiding citizenswere hunted down,
fired upon, and their Uves put in imminent peril.
Some of them had to flee to Lawrence, as to a city
of refuge, to save themselves from the vengeance
of the prowling assassins. A party of these law-
less desperadoes captured Mr. Brown—who so
bravely rescued Witherell at Leaven-worth—and
sevenu others, robbed thenrof their arms, and j
then, with hatchets and kmvfea, they fiendishly
hacked and cut Brown to pieees, flung him in a
dying' condition into a carriage, and bore him to
his home to breathe out his life in the arms of his
distracted wife, another sacrifice to the dark spirit I
j of slave propagandism. |
To-day, sir, unless they are on their march,
there is arming and organizing in western Mis-
souri, in the Blue Lodges, in the secret camps, !
hosts of men for another invasion. Sleepless !
eye* are upon these movements, organized by J
Atchison and his subalterns. j
General Lane and General Robinson sent to
the President, on the 21st of January, a tele-
graphic dispatch. Colonel Lane—a man who
trod the battle-field of Buena Vista—a man who
knows something of what war is, who knows
placi the fulleat confidence. Wilson Shannonls , EemfaSs,wat8 that have™de>*nd
jJotfcatwuK The man who could descend to SlZfrT Sh"*' ^ V" h<""
for protection. He is no fanatic. Sir, you can-
not call him an Abolitionist, at least not yet.
Mr. HALE. He will be one soon.
Mr. WILSON. The Senator from New Hamp-
shire says he will be one soon. The scenes
j through which he is passing are calculated to
! abolitionize men made of the hardest natures.
John Q,uincy Adams once said, that a man " hay
the right to be an Abolitionist, and in being an
j Abolitionist he violates no law, human or divine.''
General Lane may become an Abolitionist; but,
sir, he is not one noW. On the 21st of January ho
asked the President to send the military force
stationed at Port Leavenworth to protect the
people of Kansas against an invasion which is
" organizing on our border, amply supplied with
artillery, for the avowed purpose of invading our
territory, demolishing our towns, and butchering
our unoffending free-State citizens."
Two days after, on January 23, General Lane
and General Robinson asked the President to
issue his proclamation forbidding this lawless in-
vasion of their Territory. The Senator from Con-
necticut flatters himself that those of us who do
not approve the course of the Administration
will be greatly disappointed to find that the lead-
ers of the free-State movement in Kansas have
implored the Executive to issue his proclamation.
Let not the Senator from Connecticut lay tho
flattering unction to his soul, that we are cha-
I grined by the disclosure of this correspondence.
I Robinson and Lane, in behalf of the imperiled
people of Kansas, asked the President to issue
; " his proclamation immediately forbidding the in-
j vasion, which, if carried out as planned, will
J stand forth without a parallel in the world's his-
! tory." They did not ask the President for his
: proclamation against the wronged and oppressed
' people of Kansas. They asked for bread—the
President gave them a stone. They asked for a
! fish—the President gave them a serpent.
The President, sir, has issued his proclama-
tion, but that proclamation is chiefly and mainly
directed against Lane and Robinson and the lib-
erty-loving^aw-abidingfree-State men of Kansas.
Like his annual message, in which he softly spoko
of the long series of outrages you will scarcely
find paralleled in the history of Christian States,
as "irregularities"—like that special message in
which the aggressive acts of the Missouri inva-
ders were covered over with mild and honeyed
phrases, and the defensive measures of the actual
settlers treated as insurrectionary acts demanding
executive censure, this proclamation will be re-
ceived on the western borders by the men who by
their votes and by their resolves have dictated law
to Kansas with shouts of approval. Sir, this proc-
lamation will carry no terror into the Blue lodges
and secret clubs of western Missouri.
But, sir, we were congratulated yesterday by the
Senator from Connecticut, that the laws were to
be executed and order preserved. I call the at-
tention of the Senate and of the country to the
way in which the laws are to be executed and
order preserved, according to the order of the Sec-
retary of War. What does this order say to
Colonel Sumner ? Does it clearly and expressly
command him to arrest, at all hazards, any ag-
gressive movement upon Kansas from Missouri ?
The Secretary of War informs Colonel Sumner
that
" Tbe President has, by proclamation, warned all persona
combined for insurrection or invasim aggression against the
organized Government of the Territory of Kansas, or asso-
ciated to resist the due execution of the laws therein, to
abstain from such revolutionary and lawless proceedings."
Does the Secretary then direet Colonel Sumner
to defend Kansas against" invasive aggression?"
No,sir,no! His orders are in these terms:
"If, therefore, the 6 vernor of the Territory, finding th«
ordinary course of judicial proceeding and the powers vested
in the United States marshals inadequate for the suppression
of insurrectionary combinations at armed resistance to tka
execution of the law, should make requisition upon you tf 
furnish a military force to aid him in the performance of that
official duty, you arte hereby directed to employ for that pur-
pose the forces under your command."
Sir, this is not a direction to Colonel Sumner
to use his forces against the armed Missouri in-
vaders. The Secretary tells the Colonel that the
President lias sent out his proclamation against
those movements; but when he comes to direct
the commander of the force of the United States
what to do, he does not order him to use that force
