1856.]
AMWErnm TO TUB CXWfUSSSIOJHAi, OLOBE.
95
34th Cong....1st Sess.
Kansas Affairs-—Mr* Jones.
Senate.
if t.liere shall be an invasion from the State of
Missouri! The Secretary shrinks from putting
himself against the lawless men who represent
a power In this country that sustains them in
their aggressive acts. Sir, the Secretary bends
to that Power; he bows to these men, who
have no "qualms of conscience as to violating
laws, State or national;" and we have had noth-
ing but bows to these men for the last eighteen
months from the other end of the avenue.
The reason why the Government has not used
its proper legitimate influences in Kansas for
peace, for order,and for liberty,is the same reason
which originally snatched that four hundred and
fifty thousand square miles of free soil—conse-
crated forever to the laboring millions of this
country—and flung it open to the slave-extending
[interests.
Sir, I know that men in the confidence of the
Administration have expressed the idea that the
Administration intends, if the people's Legislature
meets on the 4th of March, to arrest the members
the moment they take the oaths of office. It is
a well-known fact, sir—known by those who
know anythingabout affairs in Kansas—that they
do notintend to pass Jaws, or interfere in amy way
with the legislation of the country; that they in-
tend merely to assemble, state their grievances to
the country, and choose Senators to come here, to
implore us, in God's name, to carry outthe wishes
of the people, and allow Kansas to take her place
in this Union of free commonwealths. I under- ;
stand these to be the intentions of the tried and I
trusted leaders of the free-State men in Kansas.
You may arrest Governor Robinson and the
leaders of the free-State party; ypu may im-
prison them,if you will; you may shed the blood
of the ac'ual settlers of Kansas; but you cannot
break their spirits, or crush out their hopes. The
people of Kansas are for a free State; and if it is ,
made a slave State, it will be by the criminal re-
missness, or direct interposition, of this Admin-
istration. Leave the people of Kansas free, unin- !
fluenced by the slave State officials you have j
thrust upon them, uninfluenced, by foreign inter- ;
position, and they will bring her here clothed in
the white robes of freedom. j
The Senator from Missouri said to us the other j j
day, that the colonists from the East wished to ; j
keep others out; that they wished to get posses- \
sion of the Territory. Armed men, he said, had i
-crossed from Missouri to protect the ballot-boxes '
against the armed colonists sent there by the
emigrant aid society! Did they protect the bal- j
lot-boxes on the 29th of November, 1854, when I
they went over and gave fifteen hundred votes? j
Did. they protect the ballot-boxes when they j
marched into Kansas on the 30th of March, with :
cannon, with revolver, and with rifle, displaced the I
election officers, and delivered their hundreds of
votes, and, in a place where there were but fifty-
three voters, casting over six hundred? Did they
protect the ballot-boxes when they went there on
the loth of December, and broke up the meeting
at Leavenworth? Did they protect the ballot-
boxes on the 15th of January, when Brown was
murdered in revenge for standing by the ballot-
box, and protecting it against them?
Sir, men aided to go there by the emigrant aid
society, have never—no, sir, never—at any time,
or on any occasion, interfered with the freedom
of voting.
" Whatever record leaps to light,
They never cdn be sliaincd."
Sir, I see, that in the South there are mover
ments from all quarters to get up emigrant aid !
societies. The honorable Senator from Missis-
sippi—[Mr. Brown]—always frank and manly
,on these questions—proposes that Mississippi
shall send three hundred of her young men and
three hundred of her bondsmen into that Terri-
tory to plan and shape its future. I say to the
honorable Senator from Mississippi, send your
Mississippi young men and your Mississippi
bondsmen; you will never find on the part of the
men who went there from the North, under the
auspices of emigrant aid societies, one single un-
lawful act to keep you out or rob you of one of
your lawful rights. The men who charge the emi-
grants from the North with aggressions upon the
men of other sections of the country, utter that'
which has not the shadow of an element of truth
init,.?ind they know it, or they are grossly igno-
rant of Kansas affairs. 'The proposition of the
Senator from Mississippi was followed by a let-
ter from a Representative from South Carolina,
[Mr. Brooks,] offering to give $100—one dollar
for every man they will send from his section. I
say to the Senators from South Carolina, that if
the offer of their colleague in the other House is
accepted, and if the hundred men go from South
Carolina to Kansas, they will never be interfered
with in the exercise of their legal rights by the
men who have gone there from New England or
from the North.
Atchison, the organizer and chief of those bor-
der movements, thus appeals to the citizens of
Georgia to come to the rescue, for " KANSAS
MUST HAVE SLAVE INSTITUTIONS, OR
MISSOURI MUST HAVE FREE INSTITU-
TIONS."
He continue^:
"'Let your young oaefccorae forth to Missouri and Kan-
i sas. Let them come well armed, and with mope)' enough
i to support them for twelve months, and determine} to see
, this tiling out. I do not see how we are to avoid civil war.
j Come it will. Twelve months will not elapse before war,
civil war, of the fiercest kind, will he upon us. We are
arming and preparing lbrit; indeed, we of the border coun-
ties are prepared. We must have the support of the South.
We are fighting the battles of the South. Our institutions
are at stake. We want men—armed men. We wtint money.
Let your young men come on in squads, as fast as they can
be raised, well armed."
Atchison's lieutenant, Stringfellow, calls upon
the South to come to the iaid of Missourians who
have dictated law to Kansas, and "can do it
again." The Mobile News assures the South
that Atchison, Stringfellow, and their lawless
followers, " have been the only means, under God,
of teaching such miscreants as the editor of the
Missouri Democrat and his Lawrence friends,
that the way to the aboliiionizing of Missouri and
Kansas is a road of reddest blood for theni 'to
travel.'"
Sir, to appease the unhallowed desires of the
slave propaganda, you complied with Atchison's
demands, and repealed the Missouri prohibition.
You then told the laboring men of the Republic,
whose heritage you thus put in peril, that they
could shape, moid, and fashion the institutions
of those future commonwealths.
. Animated by motives as pure and aims as lofty
as ever actuated the founders of any portion of the
globe, the sons of the North wended their way to
this region beyond the Mississippi. These emi-
grants did not all go there under the auspices of
emigrant add societies; for it is estimated that not
more than one fourth of the settlers of Kansas are
frem New England and New York—that nearly
one half of the dwellers in that T erritory are from
Pennsylvania and. the Northwest. Only about
one fourth of the actual residents of Kansas are
from the slaveholding States; and many of these
settlers from the South, perhaps a majority of
them, are in favor of making Kansas a free State.
That many of these emigrants from the South
are in favor of rearing free institutions, will sur-
prise no one who understands1 their condition.
Most of these emigrants are poor men, and have
felt in their .native homes the malign influences
which bear with oppressive force upon free labor.
Thirty-five per cent, of the emigration of the
slave States nas sought homes in the free States;
while less than ten per cent, of the emigration
from the free States and from the Old World find
homes in the slave States, although those States
embrace the largest as well as tho fairest regions
of the country east of the Rocky mountains.
Coming from fields blasted oy the sweat of
artless, untutored, unpaid labor—from regions
once teeming with the products of a prolific soil,
now " exhibiting," to quote the language applied
"with sorrow" to his native country by the Sen-
ator from Alabama, [Mr. Clay,] " the painful
signs of senility and decay apparent in Virginia
and the Carolinas''—witnessing the prosperity of
free, educated labor, many of these sons of the
South meet the men of the North, and stand with
them, shoulder to shoulder, in upholding the insti-
tutions of freedom.
Within the Territory, the men of the North
and the men of the South meet together in council.
Northern and southern men stood side by side in
those assemblages of the people that put the brand
of condemnation upon the acts of the Legisla-
ture imposed upon them. Northern and southern
men sat in council in that constitutional conven-
tion the Senator from Connecticut now pronounces
"spurious;" and northern and southern men
stood side by side in the trenches of beleaguered
Lawrence.
Leave these men now in Kansas, free from Mis-
souri forays and administration corruption, and
in spite of the inhuman, unchristian, and devil-
ish acts to be found in the past legislation of the
Territory, they will bring Kansas here as they
have done already, robed in the garments of Free-
dom. Men of the South, you who would blast the
virgin soil of Kansas with the blighting, wither-
ing, consuming curse of slavery—you, who would
banish the educated, self-dependent,free laboring
men of the North, to make room for the untu-
tored, thriftless, dependent bondsmen of the South
—vqte down the free State men of Kansas, if you
can;but do not send " border ruffians" to rob or
burn their humble dwellings, and murder brave
men for the crime of fidelity to their cherished
convictions.  
AFFAIRS IN KANSAS.
SPEECH OP HON. JAMES C. JONES,
OF TENNESSEE,
In the Senate, February 25, 1856.
The Senate having resumed the consideration of the
motion to print ten thousand copies of the message of the
President, of February 18, in reference to xlfairs in Kan-
sas—
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee, said:,
Mr. President : I have listened this morning
with pleasure to the debate which we have heard
touching our relations with EtUfl^nd; and whilst
I have felt not only interested,, put instructed by
| that debate, it occurred to mo that it.might be as
well for us to attempt to adjust our own diffi-
: cullies at home before we set out to make new
I ones abroad.
We have ft question before us and the country
; which 1 think of for more importance to our
interests and honor, and to the perpetuity of out
i institutions, than the question whether or pot
'! Mr. Crampton shall be withdrawn, or whether
| or not we shall enter into a conflict with England.
As for inyself, sir, I would rather enter into a
i war with England, and any three of the most
j powerful Governments of the Old World, than
; have a conflict at home among ourselves. That
we are in danger of such a conflict cannot have
! escaped the observation of any Senator upon this
door, and it is to that that 1 desire to address
myself to-day.,
* listened, on Tuesday last, with a great deal
of interest, and I wish I could say with pleas-
ure, to the most extraordinary address of the
Senator from Massachusetts, [Mr. Wifcsow.l
In my youthful days, Mr..President, J had read
! something of the character of the Roman Seife-
' ate, and, in my youthful fanoy it may have
j been, ,1 had brought myself to the happy and
I consolatory conclusion that our American Sen-
| ate was but an illustration of that most august
assembly that ever shed luster upon the world;
[ but I confess I heard the address of the Sen-
ator from Massachusetts with some humiliation.
I reasoned with myself whether my conceptions
were not the result of a youthful imagination or
boyish delusion. I trust, however, that time
will restore to me those bright and glorious con-
ceptions of what an American Senate was, ought
to be, and I trust will continue to^e.
I was willing, Mr. President, and even folt
some anxiety and solicitude, to answer the re-
marks of the Senator from Massachusetts, as
delivered upon that .occasion. With a view to
the accomplishment of that purpose I sought
the floor; hut, inasmuch as that Senator had
dealt in so many assumptions, so many round
assertions of what he conceived to be facts, in-
volving questions not only of history and record,
and official document, but trenching upon indi-
vidual and personal character, I felt myself un-
willing to attempt an answer until I should have
the record before me. I have waited patiently,
Mr. President, almost a week, for the appear-
ance of that strange and extraordinary address.
