36
appendix to the congressional globe.
[February 25,
34th Cong....1st Sess.
Kansas Affairs—Mr. Jones.
Senate.
It has found its way to the public this morning;
and, whilst I may have felt a great solicitude to
   .. iU Qo.iotnr nt that time, I confess tliat
answer the Senator at that time,
known to the Senate, nave
that interest and that
subsequent events
rone very far to lessen .
' * If I shall not succeed in furnishing
7'
fr
solicitude. —  ^ . . -
so clear and so explicit an answer to the various
assumptions of the Senator, I trust that I shall
find an apology, in the judgment of the Senate,
from the shortness of the time which has been
allowed me to answer. .
I must, Mr. President, do myself the justice—
, sir, the pleasure—to congratulate the Senator
rom Massachusetts, and I do it in no Pickwickian
sense; I do it sincerely. I congratulate the Sen-
ator from Massachusetts, and I congratulate the
Senate, upon the wonderful improvement in the
address which that Senator made, as between the
original and that which has been published,
satisfies my mini that he is not beyond nope.
When I heard his address I supposed he was
beyond the pale of redemption; but a returning
sense of justice and propriety seems to nave per-
formed its salutary office upon his mind and upon i
his heart, and therefore I extend to him my sin- |
cere congratulation. Much that was objection-
able in the address which he delivered has been
mollified or been omitted in that which has been
published. One remark which I considered at
least most offensive has been omitted entirely.
I would, for the honor of the Senate, that the vail
of oblivion could be cast over it for ever. It is
not before us, and therefore I cannot enter into a
discussion of it. If it were, my conceptions of
the proprieties and perhaps the decencies of life
would forbid that I should reply to it.
Mr. President, strange and extraordinary as
was the address of the Senator from Massachu-
setts, I had not supposed that he could have been
led so far in the path of recklessness as not only
to assail the records of the country, but even to
descend from the high position which I had sup-
posed an American Senator ought to occupy, to :
deal in assaults upon private and individual char- j
acter. Is there anything in this broad world more j
pure, more holy, more sacred to a just, generous, :
honest heart, than the faithful preservation of
personal character? Sir, take from the honest
man all the goods that may have been gathered j
around him, reduce him to the lowest depths of j
poverty, let misfortunes gather like clouds of ;
darkness, let friends forsake him, let his country
grow cold and ungrateful, but leave him, as an
only and lasting legacy, his good name. The
Senator from Massachusetts, not content with
assailing the records of the country, has gone
even to the extent of assailing the character of an
hones ,an absent man, in order to minister to the
passions and prejudices of a blind and wicked
fanaticism. j
In replying to the Senator, I shall avoid, as far I
as I can, the employment of any offensive terms.
Considerations of self-respect, and regard for the
dignity of the Senate, forbid that I should indulge-
in offensive epithets. If, in the excitement of
debate, 1 shall so far forget myself as to be led
astray, and use offensive terms, it shall not be my
purpose. One thing I promise: I will not forget
the decencies or the proprieties of life, or senato-
rial dignity.
Under ordinary circumstances, Mr. President,
I should not have felt it to be amatter of any great
importance to reply to the Senator from Massa-
chusetts, or to follow him in his labyrinthian maze
of assertions and assumptions, founded tlpon
rumor, fancy, or conjecture; but when he pre-
sents to the Ctfcntry and to the world a statement
of facts affecting' one of the most important and
delicate relations of our Government—a contro-
versy between members of the same great family—
upon which statement the public judgment is to
be enlightened, and the public verdict rendered,
I feel it due to truth, to-Justice, to fairness, and
to absent friendships, to interpose and ascertain
how far his assertions are sustained by the record
and by the testimony.
' That the country should feel a deep and lively
interest in the adjustment of the controversy
now pending in the Territory of Kansas, is but
natural and proper. What patriot heart can con-
template a conflict of arms between members of
this gr«ftt family without emotions of tho most
painful solicitude ? When the Senator from Mas-
sachusetts sets out to establish the fact, and prove
a dereliction of duty on one side to the exclusion
of the other, I think he undertakes a task which
it is impossible for humanity to accomplish. I
shall not, in the investigation of this question,
pretend to assume that there have not been irregu-
larities, improprieties, indiscretions, perpetrated
on the part of a portion of our fellow-citizens
residing in the State of Missouri. I should do
violence to my conceptions of frankness and fair-
ness if I were to assume a position like this. 1
shall freely admit that errors may have been com-
mitted—yea, sir, that errors have been committed
—that indiscretions have been indulged in, and
that wrongs have been perpetrated. All this I
am ready to admit, because I believe it to be so;
but when the Senator assumes that all the wrong,
all the injustice, all the disregard of law has been
upon the part of those much-stigmatized and
much-calumniated men of Missouri, called '^bor-
der ruffians," I enter my protest, and join issue
with the Senator. j
Sir, what is the question which we are anxious
to solve ? Difficulties exist in the Territory of
Kansas •which have carried distress to the minds
of many a patriot and sorrow to many an anxious
heart. What is the question for your considera-
tion and mine? It is to ascertain the cause of
this discord, and to apply the remedy if we may—
to ascertain who have been the guilty instigators
of these outrages. All the troubles which have
originated in Kansas have grown outofamorbid—
and I must be permitted to say, unpatriotic—op-
position to what gentlemen are pleased to call the
extension of slavery. An attempt is made to
prove that all these troubles are the immediate
and direct result of the repeal of the Missouri
compromise. I do not admit that fact at all._ I
shall not go into a reargumcnt of the question
of the propriety of the repeal of the Missouri
compromise, or, in more proper language, the
Missouri restriction. I simply mean to say that
that has been made the pretext and the occasion
for all the agitation with which this country has
been cursed for the last year or two. _ I assume
it to be true, that if that compromise, as it is called,
had never been touched—and I can demonstrate
my assumption by reference to the opinions of the
leaders of this party—this agitation on the sub-
ject of slavery could have been continued. The
Senator from New Hampshire has the manliness
and the frankness to say and admit that theirs
is a war of extermination against slavery.
Mr. HALE. No.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. Do you not feel
it, and do you not believe it?
Mr. HALE. I never said so in my life.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I ask you in frank-
ness, is not that so ?
Mr. HALE. You said I had the frankness to
admit it. I never said so.
. Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I say you will
have the frankness to admit it.
Mr. HALE. You spoke of it in the present
tense.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I will speak of it
in the future.
Mr. HALE. If the appeal is made to me, I
must take a minute or two to answer.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. Then you had J
better sit down and let me go on. ;
Mr. HALE. Very well.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. Mr. President, it
is a notorious fact that all .the abolition papers
point to this single idea; if you are not fighting
against slavery, what are you fighting against?
If we were to restore the Missouri compromise,
would you cease to fight slavery? Would you
believe slavery less offensive in the sight of Grod
and of man? If you are simply fighting for the
Missouri compromise, and if 1 could bind you i
by some obligation—certainly not known to this i
earth—to keep the peace forever on the subject
of slavery, I would be willing to see that odious
compromise restored. If you are animated by no
higher motive, no more exalted patriotism, or !
benevolence, or humanity, or religion, than simply
the restoration of that old Missouri compromise,
I believe that, notwithstanding my opposition to
compromises, I might agree to restore it; but you
all know very distinctly that you are waging, a
war against slavery as an institution—that vou
never mean to cease that war until the last shackle,
as you term it, shall fall from the hands of the
black man.
Sir, I say that the repeal of the Missouri com-
promise is the pretext, not the cause, for this agi-
tation. Was there any cause for it? The repeal
was accomplished by the forms of law. That
compromise was originally established by the
forms of law. It was a simple law of the land;
and when the Congress of the United States, with
the assent and approval of the President, repealed
a simple statute, was that any great outrage, which
should exasperate this country from one end of
the Union to the other? It seems to me not to
have been a sufficient cause; but I do not mean
to dwell upon that.
The beginning of the difficulties may be found
in ail earnest, ardent, and—pardon me for saying—
a reckless determination to repeal that clause in
the Kansas-Nebraska bill which abrogates the
Missouri restriction. In less than thirty days
after the passage of the Kansas-Nebraska bill, a
meeting was held in the city of Washington,
headed by a Senator upon this floor as its pre-
siding officer, composed of members of Congress,
in which they entered into a solemn pledge to con-
tinue their opposition until that infamous record
was obliterated. They did not stop there; they
called to their aid the earnest, ardent, impulsive
appeals from the hustings and a portion of the
American press; and even the sacred pulpit (which
ought to be the repository of virtue, of piety, of
religion, of devotion to the peace and good order
of society) was brought into requisition to ac-
complish this great purpose.
Mr. President, after the repeal of the Missouri
restriction, as it is termed, these men determined
to prevent the introduction of slavery into the
Territory of Kansas. These lovers of universal
humanity, despairing of the repeal of that por-
tion of the Kansas bill abrogating the Missouri
restriction, determined to bring into requisition
every appliance of their power, their wisdom, or
imagination, or money to prevent the introduc-
tion of slavery into the Territory of Kansas.
That determination was proclaimed to the world
through their presses, by many of their public
speakers, and from many of their pulpits. 1 shall
not enter into a war with the church; but, to use
no harsher term, I say the proclamation went
forth from many pulpits that the virgin soil of
Kansas was never to be polluted by the unhal-
lowed touch of slavery. There seemed to be a
fixed purpose on the part of the enemies of slavery
to prevent the establishment of such institutions
as they are pleased to denounce as odious in this
Territory, let the cost in blood and treasure be
what jt might.
The next step in the execution of this deter-
mination—the next exhibitions that we have of
that lofty patriotism, that burning benevolence of
universal humanity—was the establishment of
your emigrant aid society. When my honorable
friend from Missouri [Mr. Geyer] the other day
intimated that that might be the cause of the
present disturbances in Kansas, the Senator from
Massachusetts was horrified at the idea that a
Eeace society of the Puritans of New England,
ound together for a laudable and benevolent
purpose, could have been the cause of those out-
rages and bloodshed which dishonor the country
in which we live. Now, sir, I assume (and I not
only assume, but I shall endeavor to prove) that
more of all the horrors and outrages that have
occurred in Kansas and now threaten us with civil
war, have resulted from the organization of that
and kindred societies than from any other cause
whatever. The issue is fairly joined, and now to
I the law and to the testimony.
J Mr. President, it may be well enough for me
i to inquire at this point whether you, or I, or any
other Senator on this floor ever heard of an Amer-
ican emigrant aid society before ? I thought the
United States was an asyluinto which emigrants
] came. Whence the necessity for the inaugura-
) tion of this new order of things in the United
' States? An American emigrantaid society! What
were the motives for this? Did it originate in that
broad, expansive, generous benevolence -which
fills the heart of the good man and patriot, to lend
aid to the poor, to the infirm, to those unabls to
