1856.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
m
34th Cong.... 1st Sess.
Kansas Affairs—Mr. Jones.
Senate.
find homes in the West ? Was that your noble arid
generous purpose ? If not, were you actuated by
a desire more local, and perhaps more selfish, but
yet laudable, to rid yourselves of a redundant pop-
ulation which had gathered around your cities
and densely-settled regions of country? Were
these the motives ? I ask the honorable Senator,
with all proper respect, what were the purposes
Mr, JONES, of Tennessee. Yes, sir, there is
I a good deal of good reading in it. It tells the
truth, and that is a thing you rarely get from that
I quarter of the country. [Laughter.] It says
further: "It is recommended to the company's
I agents"—mark, you ! the Senator from Massa-
I chusetts took my friend to task for assuming,
even intimating, that there could be anything
and objects to be accomplished by the inaugura- impure in this puritanical association of Massa-
tion of these emigrant aid societies? I ask the Sen- ' ■■ ■*
ator, and I hope he will give mea laconic answer,
to tell me what were the purposes intended to be
accomplished ? He can ao it now, or after I have
concluded.
chusetts; I read from their own statement—
^ " It is recommended that tlie company's agents locate,
and take up for the company's benefit, the sections of land
in which tlie boarding-houses and mills are located, and no
others. And further, that whenever the Territory shall be
Men there see the danger of losing the accumu-
lations of a life of labor; their rights and prop-
erty are to be sacrificed; and when they stand up
in a manly attitude and resist, though perhaps,
too violently, you find no sympathy for them—
nothing but denunciation and bitterness. While,
I repeat, I shall not pretend to fully justify them
in all they have done, I do pretend, andl shall
maintain, that they had provocation enough to
rouse them to vigilance, and to the protection of
. their property by all fair and legitimate means.
I come now, Mr. President, to examine the
I speech of the Senator from Massachusetts more
in detail. I shall endeavor to follow him in
Mr. President, the objects of these societies organized as a free State the trustees shall disuse of all I order in "which he nrpqpntpd WawmTmpnfVtn
are before us I do not think I am an uncharit- : 1 T t!'CT0> rePlace by the sales the monev laid out, 2 , Tr i tP , ® sentiments to the
ui<, ueiure us. i uo not uinn i am an uutnaill declare a dividend to the stockholders, and that they then Mnnh nf urliat. wna  as rtsil lur tli« Son.
select a new Held, and make similar, arrangements for the
settlement and organization of another free State of this
Union."
able man; and if I believed that these societies
were organized from considerations of benevo-
lence to the poor and the oppressed, with a view
of settling the far distant regions of our country,
and extending the empire of civilization and set-
tlement, I could not find it in my heart to com-
plain of them; but honestly ana sincerely con-
vinced, as I am, that they lound their existence
nnii their being in but two purposes and two mo-
lives, they can meet no approving response in my
heart. I assume that there were but two motives
that actuated these philanthropic gentlemen in the
establishment of these aid societies. What are
they? First, to make Kansas a free State. The
leading, the paramount object of their organiza-
tion was to convert Kansas into a free State and j
to overwhelm the institution of slavery there. ,
The next motive, in my judgment, is divested
even of tlie poor virtue of fanaticism. Coupled
.with this purpose of opposition to slavery, is
the meaner, the lower, the more sordid one of
money. I make these two points, and I shall j
endeavor to prove them.
1 hold in my hand the statutes of the State of !
Massachusetts for the year 1854, and I find in
them " An act to incorporate the Massachusetts
Emigrant Aid Company." After specifying the
names of the corporators and the powers with ,
which they are vested, the act provides: "The
Now, sir, was ever there a plainer, more un-
blushing proclamation to the world of the mo-
tives and purposes of ihislenevohnt, humane, and
Christian society, organized for the purpose of
aiding the poor emigrant ? It tells them to secure
the sections on which their boarding-houses and
mills are located, and then says to the subscribers:
" When we have succeeded in making Kansas a
free State, we will divide the profits and will turn
our attention to some future conquest.'' As soon
as they succeed in making Kansas a free State
with this moneyed power, they are to divide tlie
profits between their saints at home, and then
make a new State somewhere else without slavery!
Is that the game you play when you talk about
fairness, openness, ana manliness, and.equality of
rights between the people of this great country—
when you_ have a moneyed organization with a
proclamation that it is your purpose to convert a ,
Territory where slavery now exists into free Ter- 1
ritory, and when you have accomplished that, to
turn over to some new conquest ? Beware ! there
may be a power that will say to you, " Thus far
shalt thou go, and no further."
But, sir, there is another argument that I wish M11„. al m
Senate. Much of what was asserted by the Sen-
ator was stated with apparent confidence and
boldness, but, I must be permitted to say, with
very little testimony or proof to support it. He
advertised us several times during his speech that
he could prove all that he said, and that there
' were then witnesses in the gallery who could tes-
tify to what he asserted. Now, I ask, is it not
! a strange and an extraordinary state of things,
that when we have presented to the Senate offi-
cial documents—the only record that we have—
the Senator will so far forget what is due at least
to the dignity of official station in others, as to
rely upon rumor and newspaper paragraphs, and
upon what A, B, or C may have told him in the
lobbies or on Pennsylvania avenue, as contradict-
ory of the statements of men in position under
the solemn responsibilities of an oath. That may
be consistent with the Senator's views of pro-
priety, but I confess that I am not able to per-
ceive it. The Senator says:
"Yes, sir, the Senate is now called upon to print and
send over the country, as official documents, these stu-
pendous misrepresentations of facts. They will carry a
gigantic falsehood to the American people. He who reads
only these documents has no accurate knowledge, no true
conception of the actual condition of affairs in Kansas at
the time covered by tliem."
capital stock of said corporation shall not exceed sented in behalf of the emigrant ajd society
$5,000,000. " These philanthropic gentlemen, not1
satisfied with contributions levied
upon them-
selves and their friends and their sympathizers,
must needs apply to the strong arm of the gov-
ernment of Massachusetts to obtain power to
establish a machinery with a capital of $5,000,000,
by which the institutions of a distant Territory
should be molded and formed. Does any man
believe that, if it were a simple question of benev-
olence, they would ask the Legislature of Mas-
sachusetts to incorporate them into a body politic,
with a capital of #5,000,000, merely to aid the
poor emigrant on his way to his distant home I
No, sir; that is levying too heavy a contribution
on our credulity, to make us believe anything of
that sort. Then you invoke the agency of your
State authorities to enable you to consummate
your purpose of organizing tlie Territory of Kan-
sas. But that is not all. I am .not left in the
dark as to the motives of these gentlemen. I hold
in my hand a letter from the secretary of the
Massachusetts Emigrant Aid Society, written,
as it says, "for the purpose of answering numer-
ous inquiries concerning the plan and operation
of the emigrant aid company and the resources
of Kansas Territory, which it is now proposed
to settle." In this letter I find the following
announcement:
" It has been decided to execute a deed of trust in lieu of
the charter granted by the Legislature; and it is believed that,
by an immediate subscription to this fund of $200,000, the
emigrant may be protected, a free State may be secured to
the lasting advantage of the country, and possibly a valu-
able property secured to the subscribers."
Mark, you! they abandon their charter to organ-
ize themselves into a company, and they propose
a subscription of $200,000—for what ? To make
Kansas a free State, and " possibly" secure val-
uable property to the subscribers. Not only to
militate_ against the institutions of the South by
preventing the introduction of slavery into Kan-
sas, but .to make a valuable property under the
miserable, insincere, and hypocritical pretense of
aiding the poor emigrant to find a home in the
West. But, sir, I am not done with this book yet.
Mr. HALE. It is a good book.
New Series—No. 7
" It is impossible that such a region should not fill up rap-
idly. The emigrant aid company proposes to give confi-
dence to settlers, by giving system to emigration. By dis-
pelling tlie fears that Kansas will be a slave State, the
company will remove the only bar which now hinders its
occupation by free settlers. It is to be hoped that similar
companies wiH be formed in other free States. Tlie enter-
prise is of that character, that for those who first enter it
the more competition the better."
J Now, I submit to the frankness of the Senate,
whether I have not established the facts which I
assumed in the beginning: first, that these emi-
grant aid societies were inaugurated for the ex-
; press purpose of making Kansas a free State; and,
next, to make a moneyed speculation of this so-
called benevolent enterprise. I have given the
record and the testimony, and I defy its refutation.
The Senator from Massachusetts lifts his hands
in holy horror at the aggressions of the border
; ruffians; and he seems to think they are the ag-
gressors in all the outrages which have been per-
petrated. I might submit to his candor this case:
Suppose he was situated as those gentlemen are
situated on the border of Missouri, and had seen
what they have seen, and had heard what they
have heard; suppose he had seen the power of
the mighty Commonwealth of Massachusetts
brought to the aid and assistance of those* in the
Territory of Kansas who are seeking' to establish
what are called free institutions there; suppose
he were one of those men on the border who,
having encountered all the hardships and perils
of the wilderness, having braved the storm un-
sheltered and unprotected, having encountered all
the hardships of border warfare with the savages,
with their wives and children around them; sup-
pose he had been there and seen this movement,
which was calculated to hazard, if not to destroy,
the value of their property and reduce their wives
and children to beggary—is there no generous
impulse in his heart which would rise up in re-
sistance to such an assault as that? A man who
had not the courage to act in such an emergency
would not deserve the name of man. You pro-
pose to establish a line of free States there, with
j a population holding it to be right and holy to aid
I the slave in making his escape from his master.
Now, I submit to the Senate, how are we to
arrive at conclusions in the discharge of our
. as representatives of the States of
this Union, unless we rely on the records of the
I country? Those records were called for; they
have been presented to us. They purport to be
a statement of facts which existed; and yet the
Senator, upon the outside statement of gentlemen,
it may be,—who they are, I neither know nor
care,—has in his place proclaimed to the world
that they afe stupendous falsehoods and -gigantic
misrepresentations, Will not the Senator find it
to be a herculean task to satisfy the world that
the President of the United States, the Secretary
of War, the Governor of the Territory ofKansas,
and the officers under him—men sworn to do their
duty and to present the facts—stand here as per-
jured villains, upon tlie outside statements of
other men ? The Senator may have information
that I have not; he may possess means of in-
formation not known to the Senate; but we are
called upon, in our official position, to seek for
information from the only source where we have
a right to demand it. But, sir, the Senator says,
further:
" Early in the autumn of 1854, the Missouri guardians
of Kansas crossed over into the Territory, and, by three of
arms, endeavored to drive from their homes the few people
who had began the little settlement at Lawrence. Bjit
these Platte county association heroes found a little band
of about thirty New England men, under the lead of Charles
Robinson—the Miles Standish of Kansas—ready to meet the
issue with powder and ball, and they retreated to their
homes, preferring to live to fight another day."
I am sure that his Excellency Charles Robin-
son, " the Governor elect of Kansas," will feel
himself profoundly indebted to the Senator for
the discovery that he is *he Miles Standish of
Kansas.
" Beady to meet the issue with powder and ball, and
they retreated to their homes, preferring to live to fijrlit an-
other day."
How does that accord with the terrible denun-
ciations of the Senator against the border ruffians ?
He pictured them in characters so strong, with
such vivid light glaring around them, that the
nerves of the people might have been shattered.
He told us of bowie-knives and revolvers, of des-
peradoes and border ruffians. When they were
confronted Wth Charles Robinson, and about
thirty peaceful New England pilgrims, this horde
