98
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[February 25,
34th Cong....1st Sess.
Kansas Affairs—Mr. Jones.
Senate.
of border ruffians, more to be feared than those
who came from northern Europe in the days of
the Crusades, retreated, fled to their homes, prefer-
ring to live to fight another day. Oh ! monstrous
chivalry, that these border ruffians could not con-
front even thirty peaceful Puritans of New Eng-
land! Then, allow me to ask, why alarm the
country ahout the border ruffians? From the
Btatement of the Senator from Massachusetts,
which I have read, they are the most harmless
people the world ever heard of. With thirty
Puritans from New England, you could not make
■that number of the oldest women in* Tennessee
run. No, sir; unarmed, they would have dis-
puted the ground with your Miles Standish.
Here I desire to ask who is this Mr. Charles
Robinson, who is called Governor elect of Kansas ?
Does the honorable Senator pretend to know who
he is? [Mr. Wilson nodded assent.] The hon-
orable Senator bows his head. Then I hope he
will furnish the Senate a biographical sketch of
Him. I have a few paragraphs in regard to that
gentleman; and, by way of aiding the Senator
with the preparation of his memoir, I will state
what I know of him. I shall not resort to news-
papers, but I can refer to the records of the coun-
try to establish what I say. Mr. Charles Rob*
inson—the Miles Standish of Kansas—was once a
citizen of the State of California; and what was
be there ? He was the head and front, the leader
of a band of desperadoes, as infamous as ever
disgraced any age or country. He it was that
organized a band in the city of Sacramento for
the purpose of warring against the rights of prop-
erty there. He it was who led that band in that
ever-memorable and ever-to-be execrated conflict,
in which the peaceful mayor of the city of Sac-
ramento, and the sheriff of that county, in at-
tempting to execute the law, were shot down. He
was arrested and put into prison, and while there
was elected to the Legislature by these -ruffians,
these sguatters, these men essaying to usurp the
rights of property. He went to the Legislature
as the champion of that spurious or squatter sov-
ereignty in California. When the senatorial elec-
tion came on, I am informed by a gentleman well
advised on the subject-, instead of standing up to
the party which elected him, he voted for the
largest property holder in California, On the
spth of February—if I am not mistaken in the
date—your Miles Standish left the Legislature,
and never appeared there again. The Journals
f a ^lt;- t'lem examined last night. He
left California, and the next time that Miles
fctandish, alias Mr. Governor Charles Robinson,
BMtfces his appearance on the stage, he is at his |
old game, leading on desperadoes to the violation
of the law and resistance to the legal authorities
or the country* ;
But, Mr. President, I come to a very important
point, and that is the rights of existing parties in
Kansas. The Senator says that, at the election
of March 30,1855, four thousand voters from the
 tate of Missouri passed into Kansas and save
their votes. That brings up the question of the
wh^Lyifl- eIectl0n of March 30,1855, from
c.on'l:oversy springs. Itis the turning
pornt on which this controversy must be decided.
18aylthatfour thousand Missourians
came o\erupon that occasion and cast their votes.
Where does he obtain his information? What
ofproofdoeshe adduce ? Does he brine
even his Miles Standish to prove that? No sir^
n°l a parole of testimony is adduced to proye a ;
charge which, if true, is of vast important I !
think the Senator has fallen into some mistake in
this matter. There was another distinguished
witness quoted by the Senator, and I Sd to
take up seveml of his Witnesses as I go on. The
authority of General Pomeroy was relied on by
the Senator to sustain him in many of his as-
sumptions. I have referred to the Senator's state-
ftnLr?8 -° w6 nu.mberof v°ters who crossed from
statement. He General Pomeroy's
assume to deal in facts, they ought to be precise.
The Senator says four thousand voters crossed
from Missouri; Pomeroy says there were three
thousand. If we could get two or three other
witnesses I have no doubt we should reduce it
down to the fact, which I think, from the best in-
formation I can get, would be that three or four
hundred crossed over. But, sir, whether there
were three, or four, or forty thousand is a matter i
of perfect indifference to me. I say these gentle-
men are estopped from any allegation of that kind.*
If there were frauds in that election which viti-
ated it, and therefore rendered null and void the
less than three thousand votea wprn «iran
S1®6!1 invaders, who came organized in bands with
anlarmi':, tentsi3,1(1 provisions, and munitions
ti'ey ^re marching op<^ a foretato
wstwd of their own unoffending tbUow-cj|[zens.'> '
This is not very material I grant* only makes
a difference of one fourth; but when gent™
assembling of the Legislature, where are the
facts? I think it better to look to the record,
j The election for members of the Legislature
J was ordered by the then Governor of the Terri-
tory of Kansas, Governor Reeder. He issued
the writ of election. He prescribed the rules and
regulations for the government of that election.
He appointed the judges who were sworn to ex-
ecute the orders which he had issued, governing
and controlling the election. All that is matter of
history. The election was held under the pro-
clamation of Governor Reeder. Returns were
sent to him. He retained in his hands the power
to examine and compare the poll lists, and the
right to issue certificates of election. He did that.
He issued certificates to thirty-one out of thirty-
nine members of the Legislature of Kansas. He
refused certificates to eight—two in the Senate,
and six in the House. Is it not now too late to
go back behind the record and attack the validity
of the election of March, 1855? A new election
tookplace to supply the seats of the eight to whom
the Governor refused certificates of election.
The Legislature met, and what happened there?
I invite the attention of the Senator from Massa-
chusetts to a very remarkable paper before me.
We are told now that four th ousand border ruffians
came over from Missouri and carried that election;
but here was your own Governor on the watch-
tower to guard the rights and interests of the
people of Kansas—a sworn officer, with all the
: power in his own hands. What does he say >
; He addressed a message "to the honorable the
| Council and House of Representatives of the
: Territory of Kansas.'' Wh y, Governor Reeder,
■ ^ you addressing? We are told there is
no Legislature there, that there never was a legal
and constitutional Legislature; then what were
you talking about, Governor Reeder? This pro-
duction of his which I have before me is a very
patriotic one. And for fear some of you, gentle-
menj may get to be governors I wish to read it.
V our Miles Standish is called a governor, and I
hope the Senator from Massachussets will be a
governorsome day. I desire to read to him this
address of Governor Reeder. It is an eloquent
thing. Those men talk well; they preach better
than any man 1 ever saw, but practice worse.
Were is what your Governor Reeder says:
bSern ll?ly notified that your respective bodies
ThJl^!!126^ for ll,e Performance of your official functions,
^nutto JOU the usual executive communica-
j subJects ot legislation, which universal and
,U!a?e ln a"al0JK>«3 cases would seem to
demand, although no express requirement of it is to be
found in the act of Congress which has brought us inW
i? ens .e?cc> antl prescribed our several duties.
y aade a]J selfish and equivocal motives, to discard all
eS rlandiVhe spirit of justice knd charity to
each other, with pure hearts, tempered feelings, and sohpr i
i^inThe fri.t0 a^dress our8eIves to our task, and so perform '
wort re,rerenoe of that God who oversees our
A • We e?pect 10 ^ t0 tl,e national banner
shall be dimmed by no taunt or tarnish of dishonor, and that <
nfth" 0111 the try>n« aml scrutinizing stand-point
i1 b® sul'je,:t to n0 reproach save tfiat :
right men?" mevrtable fallibility of just and up-
The next point of objection which is made is
that, whilst the Legislature was constitutional up
to the period of the Governor's message, it after-
wards became a nullity, a spurious body without
any legitimate authority, without any constitu-
tional organization or proper fhnction. How
could that be ? It was a constitutional assembly,
accordingto Governor Reeder, up to a certain day.
When did it cease to be a constitutional assembly?
They say it ceased when the Legislature assumed
the power to remove its sittings from one place
to another—from Pawnee City to the Shawnee
Mission. That is a strange assumption of law,
that the Legislature ccased to have existence
when it exercised a legislative function. But they
say the Governor had the power to fix the seat of
Government. I deny it. He had no such power.
He had only the power to designate the place
where the Legislature should first meet. He did
I designate it. The Legislature met there; but after
meeting finding that there were no suitable accom-
modations there for the transaction of the public
business, as wise and sensible men they withdrew
to another point where they could transact the
public business with dispatch, economy, and
comfort. For this removal, it is argued that their
subsequent proceedings are void.
Sir, I never set myself up to argue questions
when there is higher authority upon which I can
rely. The question of dispute on this point was
submitted to the Supreme Court of the Territory
of Kansas, by a resolve of the Legislature for
their arbitrament and decision. What was the
decision of the Supreme Court ? I have it before
me. Two of the three members of that court
gave a very long, labored, and I may be permit-
ted to say, though I do not profess to be a lawyer,
an able and conclusive opinion in favor of the
power which was exercised by the Legislature.
There was no dissenting opinion in that court!
The Legislature performed theirduty to the coun-
try and to the Constitution. When they were
told that their act was illegal and unconstitutional,
what did they do ? Did they go forward boldly
and recklessly, with a determined spirit to disre-
gard all the proprieties of life ? No, sir; but they
referred the question to the Supreme Court, the
highest tribunal in the Territory; and, actinc
under its decision, they went on to discharge their
duties. I should like to hear the Senator from
Massachusetts attempt to answer the arguments
of the judges of that Supreme Court.
Mr. President, I have done with the question
of the. legality of the Legislature, and I go to the
consideration of a question of some personal
interest. Senators generally will remember with
feelings of the most painful regret, that the Sena-
tor from Massachusetts, not content with his
assault upon the public records of the country,
not satisfied with ministering to peculiar sects and
classes, found it to be his duty, doubtless—be-
cause i will not assume that the Senator would so
far forget himself, unless under the convictions
ot some imperious necessity—to go out of his
t0 the American
a? l^°T 1° lnJUsticeto the Senator,
which God forbid, I will quote his own words:
thil'feT Se"atJors h?w can they assume that
existence ^6 °° l6gal and conditional
existence, when here is the record showing that
Chief 17,6 ■reco8nized and regarded by thei?own
Chief Magistrate within the Territory as leea.1 and
constitutional, and a part and parXfthfereat
thTTerriforv of°K C0n8t.it"tional government for
longer on thlt. ^ But'slr>Icannot dwell
" Sir, I do not wish to do injustice to the et-ntlemnn mho
so recently filled your chair. When ConfesswSble^n
December, 1854, he was not here; and you, sir, were placed
?veat wll1ieh tlle Senate had assigned to him. Became
here afterwards, spent a few weeks, and about the 1st of
mvJf«!!''' capital for his home in western Missouri
with the avowal that he went to look after affairs in Kansas'
March Tnp^*?eketei™to take PJace.°n the30thof
• « '. cneral Atchison was the orc.iniziM mnvina
un'lnLfiVt Mif?ouri movement from which all of these
unlawful transactions have originated."
Mr. President, General Atchison requires no
vindication at my hands. David R Atchison
o?r|igclffirrhtfiru,e —-1-
fiiu^r' WlU my friend from Tennessee
Mr. BUTLER. I do not intend to take any
partm this discussion; but I have letters from
treneral Atchison, who is a personal friend for
whom I have a very high regard, and I should
not do justice to myself if I omitted a proper oc-
casion to submit a statement in reference to him
It is not my purpose to reply to the Senator from
Massachusetts, for I observe that my friend from
Tennessee is doing that quite well enough.
