108
THE CONGRESSIONAL- GLOBE.
December 31,
continent, might be understood to mean some-
thing different from what everybody else under-
stood them at that time to mean, as embracing
the whole of the Isthmus. Here is, m fact, an
express acknowledgment, published about seventy
years after the treaty, of an intention to defraud,
in making it, in reference to this very Isthmus,
if, as Mr. Fox writes, it should hereafter be
deemed expedient to do so from prudential con-
siderations. In another letter, written by Mr.
Fox to the Duke of Manchester, a few days after
this, this article of the treaty is called the cursed
sixth Spanish article, and soon after this the
Government took the ground th&t" Spanish con-
tinent'' did not mean "American continent;"
and so they resolved to violate the treaty and re-
tain possession, as they now propose to do in
defiance of the treaty of 1850 with us. Then,
sir, what followed? In a short time the Spaniards
were told that the words *4 continent Espagnol'' did
not mean Spanish continent in America, as they
had understood it, and Great Britain still held
the keys of commerce in Central America and
the whole country she occupied during the treaty.
Then -necessarily ensued another quarrel with
Spain on account of it. She was driven into
another treaty, the treaty of 1786, by which she
agreed, in the strongest language that man could
devise, to evacuate the country. There is rather
a remarkable article in that treaty, in which the
parties promise to observe it "sincerely and
oona fide." So his Britannic Majesty was made
to declare that this time he actually meant to
keep his word!
What followed that5 They then abandoned
all their fortifications, withdrew their forces from
the Isthmus, and called away their colonists. The
Ministry were immediately afterwards attacked
in the House of Lords by Lord Rawdon and
others, enemies to the then existing administration
in Great Britain, who brought in a resolution for
a vote of censure because the administration had
by this treaty given up the then Mosquito coast.
By a vote of three to one, the Ministry were sus-
tained. It will be not less instructive and amus-
ing, to read from the "Parliamentary Register"
of that day the speech of Lord Chancellor Thur-
low, delivered in vindication of the Ministry, in
which he demonstrated, by recurring to the whole
history of the past, that (-treat Britain never had
a particle of title orinterest in any portion of the
mosquito coast. How was it in the other House—
the House of Commons? Mr. Pitt shortly after-
ward^ introduced into that House a bill to in-
demnify the British settlers who were driven out
of the Mosquito coast, by the treatv of J 786, and
the House of Commons passed that bill, thus
paying those who by the seductions of the Brit-
ish Ministry had been lured into that country in
violation of the treaties of 17M and of 1783.
After all this, would any man suppose that the
Government of Great Britain would again have
setup a title to this country ? She did so. When
and under what circumstances > As I have said,
within six days of the date of the treaty of Gau-
dahipe Hidalgo, acquiring California and New
Mexico, the British Government sent an armed
expedition to that country, and took possession
of it again; and has now the fico to declare, in
a public dispatch, that she had had the undis-
turbed possession of the Mosquito coast for two
hundred years. If arrogance and bold and reckless
assertion could carry it, weeouid make no success-
ful controversy with them. But is it not astonish-
ing that a nation which challenges the respect of
the civilized world, should suffer a Ministry to
exist there, claiming that they have held the un-
disturbed possession of that region o'f country
for two hundred years, in the face of the facts
which I have now stated td the Senate, and which
no man can with truth contradict?
This possession disturbed us. Why? What
interests had we mit? you may inquire. Sir,
the route through the Isthmus is palpably the
main route from the whole of our Atlantic coast
to our Teiritories on the Pacific. We have talked
about a railroad to the Pacific, but we have not
made it yet, and God only knows when it will
be made. Many think it will be finished about
the time of the mgatheiing of the Jews; but
when it shall be made, it will not supersede the
necessity of a passage through the Isthmus for
us. ^ We must go through there, or we may have
to give up California and the rest of our Pacific
possessions, at some future day, to form for them-
selves a separate Republic on the other side of
the Rocky Mountains. No men understand it
better than the British Ministry.
Mr. President, I do not wish to prolong these
remarks unnecessarily, nor shall I go into a
thorough discussion of this subject at this time.
Mr. SEWARD. Will the honofable Senator
allow me to ask him a question?
Mr. CLAYTON. With pleasure.
Mr. SEWARD. I am aware that this subject
must excite a very deep interest and apprehen-
sion. The honorable Senator from Delaware was
Secretary of State during the negotiation of the
treaty in regard to Central .America. I observe
that the British Government is now stated by the
President to assume the ground, that the stipula-
tion not to colonize or to occupy was prospective
only, and not present and actual. That strikes
mc as being a new suggestion, a new idea, en-
tirely different from that which I entertained as a
member of the Senate when that treaty was rati-
fied, and when I defended it. I do not know that
there will be a better time or place, or a higher
authority, upon which to obtain the view which
was tak^Ay the Executive Department of the
United StaE:s in the negotiation of that treaty,
than to ask the honorable Senator, if he feels at
liberty to state, what was the view which was
taken of that article of the treaty by the Execu-
tive of the United States in making it?
Mr. CLAYTON. I am glad that the honor-
able Senator has called my attention to that sub-
ject; I might have omitted to consider it if he had
not mentioned it. It is true, as the honorable
Senator says, that this is a new view of the sub-
ject. It is something of which we have not heard
before. It is a construction put upon the treaty
by the British Cabinet, for which they are cer-
tainly entitled to all the merit of originaluy and
novelty. Prospective in its operation! I never
dreamed of such a thing. Merely prospective!
Does any man suppose that I, in the possession
of my senses, could have entered into a treaty
with Great Britain to allow her to remain in pos-
session of the whole of this Isthmus, and to pro-
hibit my own countrymen from taking posses-
sion of it, leaving her there undisturbed? What
could we gain by it? What inducement could
there have been on our part to enter into such a
tieatv ? What motive could an American states-
man have m making such a treaty? What mo-
tive could any American Senator have had in voting
for the ratification of such an instrument? Is it
possible that, any man on earth can have his un-
derstanding so perverted as to believe for a single
moment that that view was in the contemplation
of the negotiators? What is the language of the
treaty ? Both parties agreed that neither of them
would occupy, colonize, fortify 
Mr. CASS. Or exercise dominion over.
Mr. CLAYTON. Yes, sir; or assume or ex-
ercise dominion over any part of Central America.
Let us look at that language ? What is the mean-
ing of the word " occupyThat is the first
word. " Occupy," according to every dictionary
you can lay your hands on, means, first, to take
possession; second, to keep possession. He is
said to occupy who either takes possession ori-
ginally, or retains possession which he formerly
took. They agreed by this treaty to do neither.
They agreed that they would not occupy, and
they agreed, further, that they would not exercise
dominion there. Now they say that is a stipula-
tion which was to be prospective in its operation.
Well, sir, suppose we consider it prospective,
how is it then ? They were not to exercise do-
minion thereafter, but they were to exercise the
dominion they had before. How can that be?
The language of the treaty was, that they should
thcreaiter exercise no dominion, and, no matter
what dominion they might have had before, they
were compelled, by the plain terms of the treaty,
to abandon it.
Sir, it is wonderful that a nation so enlightened
and of such standing m the world as the people
of Great Britain, should have consented to permit
any ministry to stand in a controversy upon such
points as these. I do not believe the British
people understand their position. I know that
Lord Palmerston has heretofore carried things
there with a high hand; but I think that, when the
British people do understand that they are to be
degraded and disgraced by such miserable quib-
bling and equivocating as this, they will turn their
backs on Lord Palmerston and his Cabinet, and
any other set of men that have such an estimate
of what is due to British honor. I dp not believe
Englishmen have sunk so low. Depend upon it,
sir, there is some misunderstanding among Eng-
lishmen on this subject. Itisimpossible that the
people of England can comprehend it. If they do,
they will not suffer such miserable special plead-
ing to dishonor them, and force us at last into an
open war with them.
The President of the United States, in my
judgment, has very wisely resolved to stand by
the treaty. Independently of the message, we
know from some recent occurrences, which have
taken place within a few days, that the Execu-
tive has strictly enforced the treaty, and has pre-
vented American colonization in CentralAmeVica;
and has avowed the object of stopping a ship in
the harbor of New York to be to maintain the
treaty. Sir, Great Britain having denied the
plain meaning of the treaty, as she has done, we
should be perfectly justified in breaking up the
treaty on our part, if that would place us in any
better condition. Now, I ask the attention of
the Senate, for but a few moments, to consider
that point. We have the right, in foro conscientice,
to annul the treaty, and we should be justified
before the civilized world for annulling it, if it be
our interest to do so. Wc have not been charged
by Great Britain with attempting to violate it
heretofore; and, as an American citizen, I thank
God that we have maintained such a ground that
we cannot be charged with want of faith in this
matter at any period. But is it to be endured
that we shall abandon the treaty, if our position
is made worse by abandoning it ? Suppose we
do abandon and annul it, where shall we be then ?
The British say they are in possession, and have
kept possession, thiough the Mosquito king; but
if they are not now, they would undoubtedly
then take possession and keep it. Can wo tof-
eiate that ? American Senators, I ask, would
you tolerate it ? In such a contingency they would
control every passage through the Isthmus, in
the event of a future rupture between this country
and Great Britain. Yes, sir, they would be at
hand, with their colonists, and seize any and
every canal or railroad between Tehuantepee and
Panama.
The question forces itself upon us, if we
break up the treaty now, what will be our posi-
tion? We shall have given up the whole con-
troversy, or we must assert that ancient doctrine
which my ancient friend from Michigan [Mr.
Cass] and others here have been desirous very
often to assert, called the "Monroe doctrine.
In reference to this particular territory, 1 would
not hesitate at all as one Senator to assert the
Monroe doctrine, and maintain it by my votes;
but do I expect to be sustained in that, or does
any other man here, expect to be sustained in
such a vote by both branches of Congress.
Whenever the attempt has been made to assert
the Monroe doctrine in either branch of Congress
i t has failed. The present Democratic party came
into power after the debate on the Panama mis-
sion, on the utter abnegation of the whole doc-
trine, and stood upon Washington's doctrine of
non-intervention. It is a principle which, whether
it be right or wrong—and I am not standing here
to-day to discuss its propriety—you cannot pre-
vail on a majority, and I will venture to say you
cannot prevail on one third of either House of
Congress to sustain. Well, sir, if we cannot
sustain that, let us stand by the treaty. The
reason for which I was particularly anxious to
make the treaty was, because I was conscious of
the fact, that Congress would not assert the
Monroe doctrine, and that we must either give
up the country to the British, or obtain a treaty
binding Great Britain to abandon it. We have
the treaty. I say again, that I think the Presi-
dent has rightly decided to stand upon it, and
to demand from Great Britain compliance with
it, and, if it became necessary in the last resort,
to compel her to submit to it. Resistance should
be promptly made to any occupation of any part
of Central America.
Mr. President, before I have done, let me say
very briefly that I am anxious that the attention
of Senators and of our countrymen now should
be directed to another point, in order that they
may rightly decide upon the merits of this con-
