1708
THE CH3NGrREGIONAL GLOBE.
July 22,
just, it is not equal, it is not fair; awd I know df
no aigument by which you can support the one
m principle, and refuse the other. Korean it be
said thai any such principle as that of building
harbors within the States, except upon some
remote argument of precedent, has ever been ac-
knowledged or established by the Democratic
party. Go look to their heads and their chiefs,
if you want to know what it is that they have
established; look to Mr. Madison's veto, m which
he expressly denies the right to make these in-
ternal improvements under the power to regulate
commerce. Look to Mr. Monroe's celebrated
internal improvement message, in which he does
the same. It is true, he made one concession
which is fatal, and that is, that the power of
appropriation is general; and if the States would
concede the jurisdiction, you might, under the
power to appropriate, appropriate in aid of their
measures. Sir, even that measure of Mr. Mon-
roe .denies the power to make improvements
within the jurisdiction of a State. Mr. Polk,
we all know, vetoed just such a bill as this, and
sustained himself in a message which is one of
the most masterly documents m the whole his-
tory of executive proceedings. We know that
lie has been followed up by the Democratic Pres-
idents. Mr. Pierce, and to his honor let it be said
throughout this land, had the boldness and high
principle to come forward and veto them, at a
time when he was overrode by a large demo-
cratic majority here in the Senate of the United
States.
Sir, I want to know where it is we are going,
and what new light it is that we are to pursue.
As to this doctrine of precedent, 1 discard and
reject it. You may pursue an y policy if you use
this as an excuse. Nor, sir, will you find, if you
refer to your precedents, that you are so well sus-
tained as you imagine in regard to this matter.
Mr. Polk, in his message, referred to the remark-
able fact, that until Mr. Monroe's message there
were no precedents for these improvements, and
the only way in which they had been sustained
by recent arguments was by referring to appro-
priations for light-houses and buoys.
Now, sir, I believe that may be maintained on
a difFerentdoctrine; bull say, if it cannot—if you
cannot maintain the light-houses and buoys out of
the Federal Treasury except on principles which
would allow us to enter into a general system of
internal improvements, then withdraw the pro-
tecting arm of the Federal Treasury from ihem,
and leave them to the States to be supported as
they were in olden tunes, by tonnage duties. Mr.
Polk, in his message, not only shows that harbors
and rivers were cleaned out by tonnage duties,
but even refers to an instance in which a marine
hospital was built by tonnage duties, laid,l think,
in the port of Charleston.
Sir, I am not to be told that, unless we pursue
this monstrous and extravagant system by the
use of the Federal Treasury, we shall have no
improvement of rivers and harbors. It has been
more than thirty years since we heard that cry
in relation to canals and railroads. The General
Government did withhold its hand, and what is
Uie consequence ? The most magnificent system
of internal improvement that the world has ever
seen gotten up by individual and by Slate enter-
prise. So it will be in regard to this. If the
Government withholds its hand, the States will
be adequate to the work. They will expend the
money only on such ports as require it, and will
pay something in return for it. If the commerce
of the port is not able to bear the duties you im-
pose to clean out the harbor, the harbor ought not
to be made, for it is clear it does not add to the
national wealth to the sum of its cost. If you
leave it to them, you will have none but proper
and good harbors cleaned out; whereas, if you
pursue this system, you will find places endowed
by nature with advantages interfered with and
incommoded by other places which are sustained
by the United States Treasury, and ports will be
cleared out, which were never made by God or
nature, but which are to be made by the hand of
man, and to the injurious rivulship of those to
whom nature has given advantages.
I say, then, sir, that I do not believe there is
any justification for this system, either in princi-
ple or policy. I believe with the Senator from
Illinois and he gave good reason for the faith
that was m him—that it would be far bettsr for
those States, for the State of my friend from'Ohio,
to leave these matters to the States, and -with-
draw the hand of the Federal Government. There
is one point of view in which I know it would be
far better. It would he far better to preserve the
limitations of the Constitution, to preserve those
great bulwarks and landmarks which the Con-
stitution has thrown around American liberty,
than to build all the piers and all the sea-walls in
Eour lakes that human ingenuity could devise.
et us adhere to them, and, my word for it,
American enterprise—ay, sir, State enterprise,
will do all the rest; and we shall present to you a
happier, and a grander, and a wealthier, and a
far more powerful people than you will find if we
interfere with this system of expenditures. But
I know that it is useless forme to resist. I know
that there is a majority here of two thirds, and
they will pass this, and they will pass all your
bills over the veto of the President. I must still
maintain that it is neither fair, nor right, nor con-
sistent in the Democratic party to proclaim such
doctrines as they have for years past in their plat-
form, and then to come here and vote for measures
which, for aught that I can see, are in direct con-
tradiction to their principles.
Mr. BUTLER. Mr. President, let me appeal,
as a matter of justice, as a matter certainly of
prudence, as a suggestion at least involving con-
siderations of selfishness, if you choose to so re-
gard it, to those who can pass these bills, to do it
at any rate with the common intelligence which
would govern an ordinary man in the manage-
ment of his own property. If these $3,000,000
belonged to a single individual, do you not sup-
pose that he would make more inquiry and more
discrimination, and exercise a higher judgment,
than to vote on mere blind faith upon the repre-
sentation of the chairman of the committee? I
have no doubt the chairman is an intelligent man,
and willgive us all the information which he has;
but I would appeal to the chairman of that com-
mittee, and ask him if he ever saw, in a gazetteer,
the names of some of the places for which he is
now asking us to appropriate money. Would
any prudent man do this with his own property ?
No, sir; he would do no such thing. At one
time, I remember, there was a great contest here
about appropriations for Big Sodus and Little
Sodus, and I heard it said there was very little
water in the Little Sodus. Can my frieni from
New York answer whether Little Sodus has water
at all times ?
Mr. SEWARD. I can answer the honorable
Senator. There is water at all times, !.nd it is the
most necessary and best harbor of refuge on the
whole shore of Lake Ontaiio.
Mr. BUTLER. I put the question to my
friend from New York, [Mr. Fish.] I do not
know where Little Sodus is.
Mr. SEWARD. The honorable Senator will
excuse me. I answered the question, as I hap-
pened to come from the neighborhood, and have
seen the place, and my colleague has not.
Mr. BUTLER. Of course I am satisfied that
the Senator would give fair intelligence on mat-
ters of this kind; but I ask gentlemen here, as
they are going on in this business, if they will
do themselves credit, and if they are acting as
reasonable men, in voting for these bills in this
way? Are they doing what a reasonable man
would do, in making animprovement on his own
farm ? Do not act like the man who cursed Jay's
treaty. Mr. Walton, one of the signers of the
Declaration of Independence, asked him his ob-
jection to it, Snd he said it was an unconstitu-
tional measure. "Well, my friend, have you
read it?" " No, sir, do you suppose I would read
as unconstitutional a paper as that?" [Laugh-
ter J
They do not want now even to read these bills.
I say—and I include myself as far as I can be
implicated, in the general remark—that when
parties become so strong as to divide the respons-
ibility by numbers, I would not trust their
morality or their judgment. I do not say this
merely of the particular party in favor of these
improvements, but all parties that want a thing,
and have the power, will have it. Where there
is a will there is a way.
Fifty years ago would anybody have said the
Constitution was a power of attorney to us, the
agents under that power of attorney, for the pur-
pose of regulating commerce ? Who would have
supposed at that day that the power to regulate
commerce depended on a full or an empty Treas-
ury; so that if you have an empty Treasury
you cannot regulate commerce, but if you have
a full Treasury you can regulate it, and you can
pervert it? As my friend from Virginia says,
the great reservoirs which God has made for ships
to go in are to be neglected, or, at least, they are
to have competitors in these rivals winch you
make for them by your appropriations. My
friend from Ohio spoke something of water run-
ning up stream; but let me tell him that this sys-
tem of appropriating money to regulate commerce
is to make commerce go up the Ohio—to make it
go up where it was not before. I will do him the
justice to admit that,so far as they build up these
great cities, they enable us to dispose of more
cotton; but what would you do in Cincinnati'for
commerce unless you had cotton ? What kind
of a city would you have? We could not buy
your Longworth's wine, unless you took our
cotton. Why, sir, take away cotton, rice, to-
bacco, and sugar from your foreign exports, and
you have no commerce.
Mr. WELLER. Take gold, too.
Mr. BUTLER. Gold can always make its
own way—it is independent; but extinguish the
elements which I have named, and you have no
commerce, and you reduce yourselves to some-
thing like the situation of a man living on an
island. You would make out to live, I grant
you, and you could live very well with your im-
mense products in the valley of the Mississippi
and upon the Ohio. You grow more corn than
you can eat, but unless you could send it down
to us, and we gave you our articles in exchange,
you would live in the midst of your fat, and eat
yourselves to death, without anything to support
you, absurd and paradoxical as the proposition
may seem.
Mr. PUGH. What would be the use of your
raising cotton if we did not give you bread to
eat ?
Mr. BUTLER. We raise bread, and we have
it. I grant you we take your horses and your
hogs. It is a fair exchange. You talk about
your commerce, but you have no commerce unless
we send it to you. We can feed ourselves. We
did feed ourselves long before Ohio was born.
Mr. WELLER. But you did not live very
well then.
Mr. BUTLER. We lived better than we do
now, because nobody took from us. We had good
old Madeira wine, and plenty to eat and drink.
[Laughter.] We lived very well then; and when
our friends came to see us, we never asked them
whether they come from the North or the South,
the East or the West. We gave them a welcome.
Mr. PUGH. And you do it now ?
Mr. BUTLER. Yes, sir, we do it now to gen-
tlemen. But, sir, the most extraordinary propo-
sition which I have heard started here, is that of
the Senator from Wisconsin, which has been
noticed by the Senator from Georgia. He says
that his Wisconsin court has a right to decide
any law of Congress unconstitutional, whether it
be a law applicable to South Carolina, New York,
Mississippi, or anywhere else. That is the very
court to decide its unconstitutionality. Now let
me put a case to him. Suppose that his court
to-morrow were to decidc that the clause in the
Constitution requiring each State to surrender
fugitive slaves was null and void, because it was
inconsistent with the Declaration of Independence
and the higher law, would the Senator obey it?
Let him answer.
Mr. DURKEE. I will answer. I would not
obey any law that required me to commita crime.
Mr. BUTLER. Then am I to suppose that
you regard it as a crime to obey that clause of
the Constitution requiring the States to surrender
fugitive slaves?
Mr. DURKEE. I say that, where a man has
worked forty years for another, and has been
hired out to this man and that man, and finally
gets away, with a desire to improve his condi-
tion, I think God granted him that privilege,and
I would not return him. I think that to obey a
law requiring it would violate my conscience and
the law of God. That is my definition.
Mr. BUTLER. Well, sir, I would not take
your chart to navigate anywhere, if that is your
notion. There is an express stipulation in the
Constitution of the United States requiring each
