1855.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Ill
correspondence; but I think that, when those
papers are read, the cause of the American Gov-
ernment will stand out so brightly and clearly
that there will not be a single murmur among our
people. I am anxious, therefore, that these doc-
uments should be printed and extensively circu-
lated. More, sir: a controversy has been going
on for two years, between Mr. Buchanan and
Lord Clarendon, on this subject, in which on
both sides the whole subject is exhausted. Every
effort has been made by the British Government,
and they have been met, as I think, fully by our
Minister. I desire the world to see the arguments
on both sides, and then I wish to know where
the man is to be found, under the canopy of
heaven, who is not an Englishman, or interested
in the question, who will decide the matter against
us. I do not wish to delay the passage of the
resolution. I concede the propriety of printing
the message early.
Mr. TOOMBS. I have no objection to print-
ing as many copies of the message as are wanted,
and also the documents in regard to the treaty.
Mr. CLAYTON. I submit the motion the
gentleman suggests. Let us say ten thousand
copies of the documents, that is, the correspond-
ence with the British Minister.
Mr. CASS. Let me suggest that the message
itself will appear in every paper in the Union;
but the documents cannot be got by the public
unless they are specially printed here. They are
too voluminous to be printed by the newspapers
over the country. I wish to suggest to the non-
orable Senator from Georgia, that whether you
order ten thousand or fifteen thousand copies of
the message will not procrastinate the commence-
ment of the delivery?
Mr. TOOMBS. I did not say that.
Mr. CASS. For that reason, I think wc had
better lot the resolution pass m the shape in which
it is presented.
Mr. STUART. I wish to call the attention of
the Senate to a fact connected with this business,
and I do not know that I desire to make any
suggestion about it. We have no public printer,
no printer for the Senate under the law; we have
no Committee on Printing; wc have no Superin-
tendent of Public Printing. Under these circum-
stances it strikes me, that if wc are to indicate,
as the resolution does, ati individual to do this
printing, we should prescribe something in re-
spect fo price.
Mr. BIIODHEAD. The law prescribes it.
Mr. STUART. I beg the Senator's pardon.
The law does not covcr this resolution. The law
covers printing done by a public printer, elected
agreeably to the law; but it does not cover the
resolution as it stands. With a view to this diffi-
culty, I had myself prepared a resolution which
'simply directed the Secretary of the Senate to
contract for the printing of the message and doc-
uments at prices or rates not exceeding those
established by existing law.
Mr. WELLER. The Senator can propose
that amendment.
Mr. STUART. I shall be glad to have this
resolution amended in that respect.
Mr. CLAYTON. The resolution on the table,
for which I ask the vote of the Senate, provides
that a certain number of the message and docu-
ments shall be printed by the printer of the Sen-
ate for the last Congress. It designates the indi-
vidual who is to print for us. It seems to me
that is quite as good as authorizing the Secretary
to select a printer for us. 1 am for taking the old
printer until another shall have been elected, and
giving him the printing of this document. I see
no reason why we should not do it.
Mr. STUART. That is not the point whit;h
I made. I suggested that he should be restricted
in price to the terms of the existing law; but he
will not be restricted without some amendment to
the resolution.
Mr. CLAYTON. I have no objection to that.
I very willingly accept a modification that the
printing shall be at the rates provided by the
existing law. I modify the resolution to read:
Ordered, That the usual number of the message and
documents be printed, and that fifteen thousand copies of
the message and accompanying documents m addition to
the usual number, be printed for the use of the Senate, by
the printer of the Senate for the last Congiess, at rates not
exceeding those established by existing laws.
Mr. ADAMS. I move to amend the resolution
by striking out " fifteen thousand " and inserting
" ten thousand " in that portion which relates to
the accompanying documents. That is the number
which we printed last year, and I have no doubt
Senators will recollect" that many of them had
documents^ for which they had no use in the
world. Printing such large quantities only serves
to increase the expenses of the Government, and
to trammel the mails.
Mr. JONES, of Iowa. Some had not enough
last year.
The amendment was rejected.
The resolution as modified by Mr. Clayton
was agreed to.
On motion by Mr. STUART, it was
Resolved, That live hundred additional copies of the an-
nual reports of the Secretaues of the Tieasury, Interior,
War, and Navy Departments, and the Postmaster Goueial,
bp printed tor the use of those Department* le.speoljvely.
Resolved, That two hundred additional copies of the
President's message and accompanying documents lie
printed for the use of each of the Secietiiries of State, the
Treasury, Navy. Interior, and War Departments, respect-
ively, the Attorney General, and the Postmaster General.
COMMITTEE CLERKS.
Mr. JONES, of Iowa. I offer the following
resolution, and ask that it may be now considered:
Resolved. That tbe clerk* to committees who were ap-
pointed under the resolution of the 13th instant be paid
from the first day of the session.
Mr. CLAY. Let it lie over.
Mr. JONES, of Iowa. I hope my friend will
withdraw his objection on a statement of the
purpose of the resolution. A precisely similar
provision was made at the last session. The
committee clerks were then not appointed at the
commencement of the session, but by a resolution
passed a few days afterwards, and were allowed
to draw their pay from the beginning of the ses-
sion. They are nil here in attendance at the
commencement of our sessions, wailing for the
passage of the resolution authorizing their em-
ployment; and many of them performed their
duties before they were actually authorized by
resolution to do so. As this course was pursued
last year, I hope there will be no objection to the
resolution.
Mr. CLAY. My objection is, that it is pay-
ing these gentlemen for nothing. It is paying
them for waiting in expectation of employment
as clerks of committees. I do not doubt that wo
shall be able to find a sufficient number of clerks
to supply all our wants, and I think it bad policy
to pay them to come here and attend in expecta-
tion of employment.
The PRESIDENT. The resolution being
objected to must lie over under the rules.
EXECUTIVE SESSION.
On motion by Mr. BROWN, the Senate pro-
ceeded to the consideration of execul ivc business;
and,after some time spenttherem, tlio doors were
reopened, and the Senate adjourned to Thursday.
HOUSE OP REPRESENTATIVES.
Monday, December 31, 1855.
The House was called to order by the Clerk
at twelve o'clock, m.
The J ournal of Saturday was read and approved.
[Cries of "Call the roll!"]
MESSAGE FROM THE PRESIDENT.
A message from the President of the United
States was here announced, at the hands of Sid-
ney Webster, Esq., his Private Secretary, in
the following language: "lam directed by the
President of the United States to deliver to the
House of Representatives a communication in
writing.55
Mr. CLINGMAN. I move that the message
be read, in order that wc may know what it is;
and then we can determine if any action thereon
be necessary.
Mr. MORGAN. Upon that motion I demand
the yeas and nays.
Mr. CLINGMAN. I have no objection to
determine the question by the yeas anil nays.
Mr. GIDDINGS. Mr. Clerk 
Mr. CLINGMAN. I believe I have the floor.
The CLERK. The gentleman from North
Carolina is entitled to the floor.
Mr. CLINGMAN. I was about to say that,
of course, I do not know what is contained in
that message any more than any other gentleman;
but that the President has a right, upon the as-
sembling of Congress, at any time when he shall
think proper to do so, to send a message to the
House of Representatives, J have no doubt, for
the Constitution authorizes him, and requires
him, from time to time, to communicate to the
House of Representatives, and 
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio. I rise to a ques-
tion of order. The reading of the message is
the transaction of business, and we cannot trans-
act any business until the House is organized.
Mr. CLINGMAN. I do not agree with the
gentleman at all. Hearing the message from the
President read is not, in itself, the transaction of
business. We may make business afterwards
by proceeding to take action upon it. It is our
right to hear; but we can then act only in a cer-
tain manner with reference to it. But I am per-
fectly willing, as I remarked before, to determine
the question of order, in the first instance, by
the House upon the yeas and nays.
Mr. BOYCE. I hope the House will permit
the message to be read, as the contents may con-
stitute-a reason for our organization.
Mr. GIDDINGS again addressed the Clerk.
Mr. CLINGMAN. Does the gentleman from
Ohio desire to ask me a question?
Mr. GIDDINGS. No, sir; I desire to obtain
the floor.
Mr. CLINGMAN. I cannot yield the floor
yet. I would inquire of the Clerk how he de-
cides the question of order raised by the gentle-
man from Ohio, [Mr. Campbell?]
The CLERK. Will the gentleman from Ohio
state again his point of order f
Mr. CAMPBELL. It is, that the motion of
the gentleman from North Carolina [Mr. Cling-
majt] contemplates the transaction of business
before this House has been organized, and be-
fore a presiding officer is clected-, and I refer the
Clerk and the gentleman from North Carolina to
the net of Congress of 1789.
Mr. CLINGMAN. I see nothing in that act
to the point.
Mr. CAMPBELL. Well, I do.
Mr. CLINGMAN. It seems to me that we
may receive the message and hear it, and then
determine whether we ought to act or not.
Mr. CAMPBELL. We do not even know,
yet, who arc members of this House of Repre-
sents tives.
Mr. WASHRURNE, of Illinois. I think we
ought not to establish this precedent.
Mr. CLINGMAN. Does the gentleman from
Ohio insist upon his question of order?
Mr. CAMPBELL. Certainly, I do.
Mr. CLINGMAN. i do not see much force
in the objection of the gentleman, for if we are
not members of this House, we have no right to
elect a Speaker. None but members can "vote
for a Speaker, and by voting as wc have done,
we have adjudged that we are a House. This
question was discussed some years ago in con-
nection with the general ticket members, and
again in connection with the New Jersey con-
tested seats. It was then held that the House
was a House for certain purposes, though not for
legislation and for certain other specified pur-
poses. I am of opinion we may receive a com-
munication from the President for information,
just as we hear discussion; but our action is lim-
ited. Our right to hear is unlimited, however.
Mr. GRR. The second section of the first
article of the Constitution expressly recognizes
this body as a House of Representatives. It is in
the following language:
" The House of Representatives shall choose their Speaker
and other officers."
In reference to the question, as to whether any
disposition can be made of the message after it
has been read, the point of order raised by the
| gentleman from Ohio may he well taken; but he
' raises his point too soon. This communication
comes from the President of the United States,
and it is but respectful to him that it should be
read.
Mr. CAMPBELL. Allow me a word. It
seems to me 
Mr. CLINGMAN, (interrupting.) Excuse
me; I did not intend to give up the floor at this
moment.
Mr. CAMPBELL, (continuing.) It seems to
me that it is utterly useless for us to have the
message read, unless that we can proceed to do
,/
V
