1856.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
That the President of the Senate and the Speaker of the
House of Representatives adjourn their respective Houses
sine die on Monday, the 18th of August nest, at twelve
o'clock, m.
The question was taken; and the resolution as
amended was agreed to.
Mr. HOUSTON moved to reconsider the vote
by which the resolution was agreed to; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid on
the taljle; which latter motion was agreed to.
MESSAGE FROM THE SENATE.
A message was received from the Senate, by
Mr. Asbury Dickins, its Secretary, notifying
the House that the Senate had passed bills of the
following titles; in which he was directed to ask
the concurrence of the House;
An act (S. No. 36) making an appropriation
for the construction of a harbor at Marquette, on
Lake Superior, in the State of Michigan;
An act (S. No. 54) making appropriations for
certain public works in the State of Maine;
An act (S. No. 88) for completing the improve-
ment of the harbor of Manitowoc, Wisconsin;
An act (S. No. 94) making an appropriation
for the improvement of the Delaware breakwater;
Ail act (S. No. 124) to increase the efficiency
of the United States Army;
An act (S. No. 237) to amend the act passed
December 31, 1792, entitled an act concerning
the registering and recording of ships or vessels;
and
An act (S. No. 381) to amend the act regulating
the fees, costs, and other judicial expenses of the
Government in the States, Territories, and Dis-
trict of Columbia, and for other purposes.
The SPEAKER pro tempore [Mr. Giddings
in the chair] stated the first question in order to
be oil the resolution reported from the Committee
of Elections in regard to the Nebraska election
case, on which the gentleman from Kentucky
[Mr. JewEir] was entitled to the floor.
PERSONAL EXPLANATION.
Mr. FULLER, of Maine. I ask the gentleman
from Kentucky to yield me the floor a moment
m order to make one word of explanation. I be-
lieve it is a question of privilege.
Mr: JEWETT yielded the floor.
Mr. PURVIANCE objected.
Mr. FULLER. I believe that I have a right
to call the attention of the House to this article
as a high question of privilege.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gentleman
from Maine is not in order, objection having
been made.
Mr. FULLER. Then I ask to have read to
the House the article in question, and the House
can judge whether it is or is not a question of
privilege.
The paragraph was read, as follows, from the
New York Tribune:
•'* Last night the Demoeiats agreed in caucus to support
Chapman as Delegate I'or Nebraska. Mr. Fuller, of Maine,
when asked to-doy to vote for Bennet, said he thought
Bonnet had the best chance, but as the caucus had agreed
upon Chapman, lie should go for him."
Mr. FULLER. All that I have got to say is
that that article, the whole of it, is an unmitigated
* falsehood, so far as I know anything about it.
Mr. PHELPS. And as far as I know any-
thing about it.
Mr. FULLER. And further, that I had no
knowledge that there was any caucus; and if
there was, I was not present.
Mr. PHELPS, (amid loud calls to order.) In
connection with that very subject, I desire to say
that a caucus of the Democratic party was held
on that evening, in the Senate Chamber, and that
nothing was transacted there in relation to the
business of either House of Congress.
PROPOSITION FOR EVENING SESSIONS.
Mr. BARKSDALE. I desire now to renew
the proposition which I made a few minutes
since.
The resolution was read, as follows:
Resolved, That during the present week, the Committee
of the Whole on the state of the Union may, at any time
alter three o'clock, p. in., take a recess until seven o'clock,
p in., lor the purpose of holding an evening session : Pro-
wled, That durmg tuch evening session, no motion, except
tint the committee rise, bhall be entei tamed by the Ciaur-
inan—the puipose of the lesolution beinjj to piovide such
evening sessions for general debate only, and that there shall
be no call of the roll at such evening sessions.
Mr. MORGAN. I object.
Mr. BARKSDALE. I desire to appeal to the
gentleman from New York to withdraw his ob-
jection. No gentleman will be obliged to attend
the night session unless he choose to do so, and
no business will be done.
Mr. MORGAN. I have no objection, if the
gentleman will limit it to this week.
Mr. HOUSTON. It is limited to this week.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I understand the
objection is withdrawn,
The SPEAKERjiro tempore. No; objection is
persisted in, and the resolution is not before the
House.
NEBRASKA CONTESTED ELECTION.
The question recurred on the following resolu-
tions reported by the Committee of Elections:
Resolved, That Bird B. Chapman is not entitled to a seat
in this body as Delegate fi om the Territory of Nebraska.
Resolved, That Hiram P. Bennet is entitled to a seat in
this body as such Delegate.
Mr. JEWETT said: There are three principal
propositions of a legal character assumed by the
Committee of Elections, and presented to the
consideration of the House.
It is proper, for me, before entering upon a
discussion of the legal positions assumed by the
majority of the Committee of Elections, reported
for the consideration of the House, that I should
remark that this was not the first general election
that occurred in the Territory of Nebraska, and
secondly, that it was not that election which was
provided for under the organic law of the T erntory;
but it was the second general election that was
held under two acts of the Territorial Legislature,
both passed, no doubt, upon the same day. One
is entitled " An act regulating elections, and for
other purposes;" the other is entitled " An act
authorizing the taking of the census, and for other
purposes. Manifestly, the first act mentioned
by me was the first act passed by the Legislature.
It is general in its provisions. Under it all the
officers of the Territory were to be elected; the
time, place, and manner of holding and conduct-
ing the election were provided for in it. The
other act is brief; but if my recollection serves
me correctly, there is one section m it which re-
lates directly to the question now under consid-
eration—it is section sixth, and will be hereafter
considered. Now, it is manifest that the majority
of the Committee of Elections regarded this elec-
tion as held only under the provisions of the first
act, entitled " An act concerning elections," &c.
Neither one of these laws are as perfect as
they might be; and, unless critically noticed, it
is difficult to see how the two can be made to
harmonize.
Before entering upon the discussion of the three
propositions which I propose to examine, it is
proper that I should call the attention of the
House to some of the provisions of theseacts. It
occurs to me that if the majority of the commit-
tee who have presented this report to the House,
had read these provisions carefully and atten-
tively, the principles stated by them to be law
would not have been submitted for the considera-
tion of the House.
The House will notice—and it is necessary, in
order correctly to understand the subject, that
their attention should be directed to the fact—that
however much apparent conflict may exist be-
tween these two acts—howeverirreconcilable they
may seem to be, it is perfectly apparent upon the
face of the acts that the ultimate decision of all
contested elections occurring under them, or
either of them, is limited to the eountyjudges, in
cases of county or district officer^, and in case of
territorial officers, such as representatives or
councilmen, is limited to the Governor of the
Territory.
It is very important to observe these provisions of
the territorial laws, because it is agreed on all sides
that the judges of election in this case have not
complied with the requirements of the laws. In
several instances, instead of the judges of election
keeping one of the poll-books," (there being but
two for each precinct,) and carefully sealing one
up and depositing it with the clerk of the county
—the other to be kept by one of the judges of elec-
tion—they forwarded the original poll-books to the
territorial canvassers, some one hundred and fifty
or two hundred miles distant from the election
precincts.
But, while the majority of the committee admit
this to be true, they say that it is wholly imma-
terial. They proceed upon the idea that, in point
of fact, there has been no violation of the (election
law, or that the election is not tb be held to be
invalid on account of a disregard of the law in
this particular. They say that it is hot neces-
sary for the county officers to have the poll-books
at all. They hold that it is in accordance with
the true intent and meaning of these acts, ihstl the
poll-books should be sent to the territorial can-
vassers.
Now, sir, in the opinion presented by the ma-
jority of the committee, I, as a lawyer, cannot
concur. If the discussion of this question would
add to, or diminish, the power of the majority
here, after what I have seen in this House in
other cases of contested elections, I would not
stand up here to advance a legal opinion in de-
fense of law and order. But these Delegates are
only embassadors here—they have no political
power; and I can therefore venture upon the dis-
cussion of these propositions without being sub-
ject to the charge of being actuated or moved by
partisan feelings.
The latter clause of the eighteenth section of
the act regulating elections, &c., provides that, in
case of a tie, the probate judge shall order a new
election. Now, sir, when a majority of that
committee assume that the provisions of the law
authorizing the election under consideration are
merely directory—merely enabling or cumula-
tive acts, and need not be strictly pursued by the
officers conducting the election — then, sir, I
submit to this House, how is it possible for the
county judge to order a new election in case of a
tie, as is contemplated and provided for in said
eighteenth section? To execute this section of
the law, one of the poll-books is directed to be
left with the county clerk, for the use of the
county judge. With it the true intent and mean-
ing of the act of the Legislature can be executed;
but without the poll-book no decision can ever
be had in case of a tie, nor can a new election be
ordered.
In this case, the right and the remedy spring
out of the same act; and I put it to the honorable
member of the Committee of Elections [Mr. Wat-
sok] who reported the pending resolutions, if the
question, whether the statute is directory or not,
arises in this case ? When does it arise ? It arises
only where there is a preexisting right at common
law, or under some statute with an inadequate or
imperfect remedy, and when the Legislature, by a
subsequent law, assumes to enlarge the remedy
without a clause repealing the old remedy, or a
strong negative expression in the enabling act.
Then, and only then, this question, whether the
cumulative or enabling act is directory or not,
arises for consideration and judgment. It is from
this view of the law of the case, that I call the
attention of the House to the fact, that this is
not an election occurring under the organic law.
That law only assumed to control the first elec-
tions which were to arise under it. The election
under which one party or the other claims a seat
on this floor, occurred under the laws of tho
Territorial Legislature. In furtherance of this
view, I have submitted that it is manifest that
the intention of the Legislature was to limit the
question of the validity of elections for county
officers, and such like, to the eountyjudges, and
for territorial officers to the Governor, or board
of territorial canvassers. I will read a section"
from an act entitled " An act to provide for taking
the census, making apportionment, holding elec-
tions, and other purposes." It is as follows:
"Sec. 6. That election returns shall be made, signed,
find eertilied by the officers appointed or elected for the
puiposc of superintending elections at each and every pre-
cinct in the Territory, a copy"—
Not an abstract.
—a copy of which shall be forwarded to the Governor,
who sliall'proceed to issue certificates of election according
to such election returns, to those having the highest num-
ber oi votes ior members of the Council, to be duly elected
to the Council; and those having the highest number of
votes for members of the House of Representatives, to be
duly elected to the House of Representatives."
It is to the first act we go for the authority of
the Governor to order a new election in case of a
, tie. When you come to the second act reported,
: and which,! presume, was the second act passed,
i and both passed on the same day, you will find that
' the Governor has no authority to issue certificates
| of election to any of these officers. Although it
] is required that he should have a copy—not an
