1856.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
101
34th Conc!....1st Sess.
Kansas Affairs—Mr. Jones.
Senate!
■way of taking care of his own, and hence I ac-
count for your presence here. [Laughter.]
But, sir", here is a new order of things. A few
years since we made a lieutenant general. We
thought that was a great step in promotion of the
military of the Government of the United States,
but it seems we were behind the day. I had sup-
posed that Lieutenant General Winfield Scott was
the greatest living military chieftain of the world
—that he had no competitor and no rival in this or
in the other hemisphere. But it seems that 1 am
mistaken. Here is a higher grade. Here is the
grade of Grand General of the Legion of Kansas.
And who is the man ? " The Rev. G. W. Hutch-
inson." Sir, I should like to see a Grand Gen-
eral, with sacerdotal robes upon him. A nice
man to enter into the sanctuary! The Rev. Mr.
Hutchinson, a minister of the peaceful Gospel of
Christ, in a midnight conclave, a Grand General!
Sir, he wears the livery of Heaven to serve the
Devil in, and combines men together to prevent
the free exercise of the rights of American citi-
zens to go to the common Territories of the
Union. It is another link in the chain showing
the peaceful character of the New England Asso-
ciation.
But, Mr. President, I must return to the point.
I say that whatever wrongs have taken place—
and all men must deplore them—while gentlemen
stand up here said assume that they have all re-
sulted from the intemperance and the indiscretion
of the citizens on the Missouri border, I rely on
the facts at least to establish a division of respons-
ibility for those enormities. I shall not, how-
ever, dwell upon that point, but pass on as rapidly
as I can. The Senator from Massachusetts read,
with much feeling and indignation, a portion of
the laws passed by the Legislature of Kansas on
the subject of slavery; and I will read the extract,
in order that it may be understood:
" i wish to call the attention of the Senate and of the
country to some of these laws forced upon the people who
were allured to Kansas by the assurance that they were em-
powered to shape their own institutions. Here is a precious
enactment:
"' If any person print, write, introduce into, or publish,
' or circulate, or cause to be brought into, printed, written,
4 published, or circulated, or shall knowingly aid or assist in
' bringing into, prinnng, publishing, or circulating within the
* Territory, any book, paper, painphlet, magazine, hand-bill,
' or circular, containing any statements, arguments, opinion,
'sentiment, doctrine, advice, or innuendo, calculated to
* produce a disorderly, dangerous, or rebellious disaffection
' among the slaves in this Territory, or to induce such slaves
' to escape from the service of tjieir masters, or to resist
'their authority, shall be guilty or a felony, and be punished
' by imprisonment, at hard labor, for a term not less than
'five years.'"
The Senator thinks that this is one of the most
monstrous propositions ever submitted to a civil-
ized country. I would not be ungenerous to the
Senator; but I would like to ask him, if he does
not hold it to be true that every people have a
right to protect themselves in the enjoyment of
their property under the Constitution and laws
of the country? This is pronounced to be one of
the most unchristian enactments that ever de-
graded or disgraced any age of the world. That
places the representatives of every southern State
of this Union under the terrible denunciations of
the Senator. I ask, if there be a southern State
in the Union which has not a law similar in its
purport, in its objects, and its intention ? There
is not a southern State which has not felt itself
constrained to pass stringent, cruel, and unchris-
tian laws, as the Senator would call them, because
of the infernal emissaries who are sent to excite
insurrection amongst our slaves, inciting them to
butcher our wives and our children. When they
come there with all the peaceful robes of puritan-
ism, and insidiously disseminate their poison, and
we pass laws for our protection, and for the pro-
tection of our wives and daughters, we are held
up to the gaze of the world as monsters. Have
you no law to protect the rights of persons and
property in Massachusetts? Have you no law
to arraign and try and punish, when convicted,
the wretch who applies the torch to your dwell-
ing, or murders an innocent man upon the high-
ways? This is all right; but when, in the exer-
cise of our sovereign rights as members of this
Confederacy, we pass a law which we believe to
be essential to our safety, we are held up to the
world as monsters. The only difference between
your law and ours is, that you have exhausted
your energies, taxed your intellect to devise pun-
ishment commensurate with the rewards due to
the individual and petty assassin or incendiary;
but we have been called upon to pass laws that
will bring to condign punishment the stupendous
wholesale murderer, who, under the guise of char-
ity and benevolence, finds his way to our homes
to incite insurrection among our negroes, to burn
our houses, to dishonor our families, and to
butcher us. Sir, I would make the law which the
Senator quoted a little different. Instead of making
it a penitentiary offense, I would hang the wretch
until he was dead, dead, dead!. Then let not the
Senator vent all his holy horror at southern people
for protecting themselves against your corrupting,
crawling, slimy emissaries, who stir up insurrec-
tion amidst the corruptions of the negro cabin.
I am following the Senator's speech as nearly
as I can. I will not say that it is erratic or dis-
jointed. I have no doubt it is very satisfactory
to himself and his friends, and I am not disposed
to interrupt their self-complacency. The Sena-
tor attacks the legality of the organized legisla-
tive body of Kansas, and assumes that the true
Legislature is to be found in that which is to as-
semble hereafter. I will read his remarks in order
that there may be no mistake:
" A convention of the people was called. That conven-
tion assembled, framed a constitution, the people ratified
it, and that constitution is now submitted for the action of
the Congress of the United States. The Senator from Con-
necticut denounces it as a ' spurious convention.'"
What sort of a convention was it? What sort
of a constitution was it? I ask the Senator to
tell me if he knows how many voters there were
to confirm and ratify this glorious constitution of
which he spoke ? If the Senator knows he would
oblige me by giving me the information.
Mr. WILSON. Mr. President, it is not in my
power to give the Senator from Tennessee the
number of persons who voted for the ratification
of that constitution. The ratification was on the
15th day of December last—a few days after the
treaty was made by Governor Shannon with the
people of Lawrence. That treaty was made on
the 9th of December. In the counties bordering
upon Missouri, in many of the towns where a
vote of several hundred could have been obtained,
no meetings were held. At Leavenworth, about
two hundred votes were taken; and then the meet-
ing was broken up by a body of men from Mis-
souri, who had been enrolled in the militia, and
were dispersed.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. Tasked the Sena-
tor, in good faith, if he knew how many persons
were present and voted for this celebrateaconsti-
tution which is to be presented here ? The Sena-
tor says it has been presented. I was not aware
of that; but it may have been presented in the
other House. I desire to know precisely how
many votes were cast. It will be remembered
that the friends of the Free-Soil or the free State
party, who present this constitution here, and ask
for admission as one of the Slates of the Union,
assume that there are ten thousand voters in the
Territory of Kansas. There is some difference
of opinion upon that point. The surveyor gen-
eral of Kansas, when called upon by the Depart-
ment, a few days since, to express an opinion as
to the number of voters in the Territory, assumed,
on the best data he could get, that there were only
six thousand. Now, I wish to tell the Senate
how many votes were given for this celebrated
constitution, which we are to be called upon, very
soon, to indorse, ratify,and accept. My inform-
ation is derived from the Herald qjjf Freedom, pub-
lished in Kansas, as given to me by an honorable
and reliable gentleman of that Territory. At
Lawrence there were three hundred and seventeen
votes, at Topeka one hundred and seventy-two,
and at Leavenworth, where the ballot-box was
destroyed, there were one hundred and fifty-eight
votes, as nearly as they could be counted; and at
Tecumseh there were seventy-two votes. This
constitutes tlie whole sum and substance of the
entire vote cast for this famous constitution, as I
am informed by a reliable gentleman—I give his
name, Colonel Calhoun—who says he took the
statement from the Herald of Freedom, one of
your own papers. Then we have six hundred
and seventy-nine votes confirming, approving,
and indorsing this immortal constitution of free-
dom, which we are asked to receive.
I am very well aware that the Constitution of
the United States does not prescribe any given
numbers of persons as necessary to form a State
constitution and seek admission into the Union;
but if there were ten thousand voters, or if there
were six thousand, and this constitution received
the ratification of only six hundred and seventy-
nine voters, is there a sane man in the Senate
who would entertain the proposition for amoment?
Suppose it had received six thousand votes, or
ten thousand votes, are we prepared, as American
Senators, to admit them into the Union? How
many persons are required now to entitle a district
in any State to a Representative in the other branch
of Congress ? I believe the present ratio is ninety-
three thousand. Then, on what principle is this
new constitution to be inaugurated in Kansas by
the votes of six hundred and seventy-nine men ?
Are they sufficient to bring a State into the Union?
The Senator says:
" Tins is the first time in the history of this country when
the people have assembled in their primary capacity, and
exercised their right, tlieir inborn natural right, to change
their government at their pleasure, and then been held up
as traitors by the Government of the country."
Nobody will suppose, not even the Senator
from Massachusetts, that I am an advocate of
this Administration. I had no part or lot in
bringing it into existence; and, therefore, tha
Senator cannot apply to me a term which ha
applied to the Senator from Connecticut the other
j I day—I will not express any opinion as to the
II courtesy of the remark—"the President's Sen-
! ator." I am nobody's Senator, except in part,
I j and very imperfectly, a Senator of the State of
Tennessee. The Senator from Massachusetts says
| this is the first time when men who have dared
to assert the prerogative of changing the form of
j theirgovernment have been denounced as traitors.
! The Senator's reading of history does not coincide
with mine. Was there not an attempt made in
1 Rhode Island ? I believe the Senator alluded to
that Dorr rebellion. Were not those men de-
; nounced as traitors ? I ask the Senate whether,
when Dorr and his free-suffrage party attempted
to establish a government according to the will
1 of a majority of the people of Rhode Island, as
they said, Massachusetts did not stand in the
front rank in denunciation of that movement?
Mr. WILSON. With the Senator's permis-
sion, I wish simply to explain the position of
! Massachusetts at that time. The Governor of
| Massachusetts, on application made by the Adju-
tant General of the State of Rhode Island, loaned
i the arms of the State without authority of law.
That administration was called to a strict account,
and was driven from power for that act, though
the party in Massachusetts had nearly twenty
thousand majority. What I meant to say the
other day was, that they were not held up by the
Government of the country as traitors. I do not
think the Government of John Tyler, at that day,
with General Cushing, and the few other mem-
bers of the Tyler guard in the other House, did
hold up as traitors the men in Rhode Island; but
they undertook to maintain order, and to sustain
the Government as it existed.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. Mr. President, 1
am no eulogist of John Tyler or of Caleb Cush-
ing, but I was in quest of a fact; and I undertake
to assert here, from my best convictions, that
during that rebellion, independent of John Tyler
or Caleb Cushing, there was a Daniel Webster,
who was then Secretary of State, and that whole
proceeding received the bitter condemnation of
the godlike Daniel, at whose shrine, so far as ait
honorable and bold and chivalrous man could,
the Senator himself worshipped. More than that:
if my memory does not fail me very much, the
Governor of Massachusetts issued his proclama-
tion and his warrant for the arrest of tne traitor,
Thomas W. Dorr, if he could be found within
the limits of Massachusetts. If I am mistaken
in that, I hope I shall be corrected; but such is
my recollection. I have not the executive records
before me, but I know that Massachusetts, which
was then at the head of the Whig column, was
in bitter denunciation of the Dorr movement in
Rhode Island. President Tyler did not denounce
these men as traitors; His proclamation was
