Uft
*T§P ^ONqREeSI^AL -0LO.BE.
December 31.
something with it after it is read. - -We. might
justas well proceed to legislate, as -to have -a paper
"Mr. CLINGMAN. Mr. Clerk—r—
Mr. STEPHENS. "Will the gentleman from
North Carolina [Mr. Cmksmaw] allow me to make
8. ^
Mr. CLINGMAN. I will hear what my friend
from Georgia [Mr. Stephens] has to suggest.
Mr. STEPHENS. I have this to say to the
gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Campbell.] He asks,
what can we do with the message if it bo read?
I do not know what-we are to do with it, and
cannot say what ought to be done with it, until I
know what it contains; but there maybe import-
ant facts there communicated which may be of
consequence for us to know—the information it
contains may show a state of the country requir-
ing immediate action on our part. The third sec-
tion and second article of the Constitution is in
these words:
" He [the President] shall, from time to time, give to the
Congress information of the state of the Union, and re-
commend to their consideration such measures as he shall
judge necessary and expedient. He may, on ©xtiaordinary
occasions, convene both Houses or either of them," See.
Now, sir, there may be a communication here
which is of so important and extraordinary a
character as that, if Congress were not in session,
the President would convene us. But according
to the law and the Constitution, it is known to
him that we are in session,and he cannot, there-
fore, issue a proclamation to the people. I say
it is the duty of the President, on such great
questions, to corctmunicato thorn to us. There is
no action on the part of this House in hearing
read to us what the President has said in his
message. After we have heard it, it is then for
us .to take action. I agree with the gentleman
from Ohio [Mr. Campbell] that we cannot take
action on it until we are organized. The Prosi-
dent may have felt it his duty, in view of the
important interests involved, to communicate this
message to us. He has done so in the discharge
of a constitutional duty which he owes to the
country. We are here m session. That fact is
known to the country. We are here in session,
though unorganized, however; and it is certainly
respectful to the President, who has felt it his
duty to make a communication to us, to say
nothing of duty to ourselves, that that commu-
nication should be read.
Mr. CLIJNGMAN again took the floor.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. Will the gen-
tleman from North Carolina [Mr. Clingman]
yield mo the floor for but a single moment ?
Mr. CLINGMAN. 1 will yield to tho gentle-
man from Maine.
Mr. W A.SRBURN. The gentleman from
Georgia [Mr. Stephens] has not read that part of
section three of the second article of the Consti-
tution which has reference to messages from tho
President to either House. It is in these words:
" He shrill (voii! time to timotfive to tho Congress inform-
ation of the state of the Union, and recommend to their
eoNfcidmtion ynch measures a.s lio shall judge nece&sury
and expedient."
Now I submit that there .is not at present a
Congress, and that there cannot be a Congress
while cither branch is unorganized. This is not
a body with which tho President can communi-
cate until we shnll have been organized by tho
' election of a Speaker, inasmuch as the first busi-
ness of this House is to elect a Speaker. By law
that must be done before members can take the
oath of office, or transact any business. Conse-
quently it results, it seems to me, that the Presi-
dent, cannot, at this stag?, communicate to us in
writing or otherwise. We have no right to re-
ceive, and he 110 right to communicate to us any
message 111 relation to our organization. These
are our matters, and ours alone; and as there can
be no other business done by the House until it
shall have organized by the choice of a Speaker,
so it is clear and inevitable that the President has
110 right to communicate with this House at this
time; and if he communicates to us, and we have
read a message, it follows by necessary impli-
cation that we must act on that message. And
as I said before, without any disrespect to the
President, 1 hold that it would bo establishing a
precedent, and doing that which never was done
m the history of this Government, to receive a
message from the President before we have
organized, and chosen a-Speaker. And far. this-
reason 
. Mr; PULLER, of Maine, (interrupting.) I
would like to ask my colleague one question.
Mr. WASHBURN, (continuing.) I submit
that the Senate cannot communicate with us in
our present unorganized condition, and why then
can the President communicate with us
Mr. FULLER. "Will my*colleague allow me
to ask him one question ?
Mr. WASHBURN. Certainly.
Mr. FULLER. The question which I wish
to propound to my colleague is this: we both of
' us happen to represent a State which is princi-
pally a maritime State, having, as it is said, some
$50,000,000 invested in convnerce. Suppose that
the condition of our foreign relations was such
that the President felt it to be his duty to com-
municate it to this House, would that gentleman,
so representing the constituency that he does,
think it right that the House of Representatives,
after having been in session here four weeks,
should be deprived of that information, and that
it should be kept locked up in the Secretary of
State's office?
Mr. WASHBURN. If tho information can
be communicated to the House, it can equally be
communicated to the Senate, and can be commu-
nicated to the country through the newspapers.
What I say is this: that until the House is or-
ganized—and of that the House must be its own
judge; it must not be dictated to in relation
thereto—it would be a breach of privilege for the
President to undertake to state to the House that
it must organize. He can say nothing in regard
to any business which we must transact; until,
I say, this House is organized, no message can
be received from the President. Therefore it is
that I sustain the point of order made by the
gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Campbell.]
Mr. CLINGMAN resumed the floor.
The CLERK. The Clerk would remind tho
gentleman from North Carolina [Mr. Clingman]
that his time has expired.
Mr. CLINGMAN. I was interrupted by the
point of order which was raised by the gentleman
from Ohio. The floor was taken from me under
that point of order, and I was unable conse-
quently to finish what I intended to have said.
Most of what I would have said, however, has
been said by my friend on tho right, [Mr. Ste-
phens] and by tho gentleman from South Caro-
lina, [Mr. Oiui.] I was about to say that the
Constitution provides that Congress shall assem-
ble at a certain time. That time has arrived, and
the members of the two Houses have assembled.
It also says, that the House of Representatives
shall choose its Speaker. Well, of course, that
implies that we must be a House before we pro-
ceed to choose a Speaker. If the argument of
the gentleman from Maine [Mr. Washbdrn]
were right, see what the effect of it would be.
Suppose that, after the election of Speaker that
Speaker should die,and there should bean inter-
regnum in the speakership, would we cease to be
a House' According to his argument we would,
That is his doctrine; at least, that is a fair view
of it. This is a subject which some time ago
was very much debated.
Mr. -WASHBURN, (interrupting.) I make
this distinction 
Mr. CLINGMAN, (continuing.) The gen-
tleman will excuse me. I desire to go on with
my remarks. The Constitution provides that
the President shall, from time to time, make
communications to Congress. Well, the Presi-
dent is well aware that Congress is in session.
It is his duty to know that" fact, and he does
know it. The gentleman from Maine intimated
that the President may have undertaken in this
message to dictate to us.
MiOWASHBURN. Not at all.
Mr. CLINGMAN. Then the gentleman's
remarks about the President dictating to us has
no meaning at all, and therefore should have no
weight with the House. The President has cer-
tain duties devolved on him; we have our duties
likewise. The President may, whenever he
understands Congress to be in session, commu-
nicate to it, and it is his duty to do so whenever,
in his judgment, it is important to the w ell-being
of tho country. That communication has been,
in this instance, made; and my object in rising
to move for its reading was, that the House
might have a knowledge rf its.cpntcnts. I agree
with the gentleman from Ohio,,[Mr. Campbell,]
tlig.t we cannot proceed to legislate in relation to
the message; but we may very well'hear it read; •
and I think it but respectful to the President that
we should hear it. In doing so we violate no
provision of tho Constitution and no statute. 1
hold that we are as much obliged, by courtesy
to a coordinate branch of the Government, to
hear the message now, as if we were regularly
organized. I think that, as a mark of respect
towards the President, we should hear the mes-
sage read. Whether wo then take action or not
is a question to be decided after the hearing.
Mr. GIDDINGS. May I appeal to my col-
league, [Mr. Campbell,] with his permission,
that he will withdraw his question of order? I
assign my reason for making this request. It is
because this is too great a question to be tested
on a technicality of order. I wish to meet this
question fairly, frankly, boldly, on its merits. _ It
is an attempted innovation on the entire practice
of this Government from its foundation, and I
desire to have it met in the broadest manner. I
wish therefore my colleague to withdraw his point
of order for that purpose.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio. I was taken very
much by surprise to find that this message had
been presented here. I was at a loss, and am
still at a loss, to understand by what authority
the Clerk could recognize any person as entitled
to the floor to present the message of the Presi-
dent to this unorganized Congress.
Mr. GIDDINGS. Let me appeal' to my col-
league [Mr. Campbell] to withdraw his point of
order.
Mr. CAMPBELL. 1 desire to ask the Clerk,
in the first place, to whom that message is
directed ?
The CLERIC. It is directed to tho House of
Representatives. The Clerk asks permission to
say that he was not aware that the message was
here until the announcement was made by the
Doorkeeper. He had no information that any
message was to be presented. He will say, how-
ever, that if he had received the information prior
to the presentation of the message, he should
have received it.
Mr. CAMPBELL. Gentlemen seem to have
formed some idea as to the contents of the mes-
sage. The gentleman from Georgia [Mr. Ste-
phens] has made the point that it contains in
some form reasons why we should proceed to
the election of a Speaker forthwith.
Mr. STEPHENS. If the gentleman from Ohio
will allow me for a moment, I expressly disclaim
any such statement, if the gentleman refers to me,
or to anything uttered by mo 
Mr. CAMPBELL. 1 do not allude to the gen-
tleman from Georgia as knowing what are the
contents of the message.
Mr. STEPHENS. Here is my point. The
Constitution makes it the duty of the President of
the United States to communicate to the Houses of
Congress information touching the state of the
Union, &c., 1 take it for granted that the Presi-
dent would not thus communicate to us, unless
there was some public matter which ,in his opinion,
ought to be made known to us. Shall we have the
communication he has sent read, or not?
Mr. CAMPBELL. But the gentleman urged
that 
Mr. STEPHENS. I said that there might
be information contained in the message which
would be with us strong reasons for the speedy
organization of the House, What that informa-
tion is, or what reasons it may give rise to, I do
not know. I do not mean that the President
urges such reasons upon that ground, but that
there may be matters of great public interest
communicated, which shall show to us that it is
our duty to effect a speedy organization.
Now, Mr. Clerk, the gentleman from Ohio on
my right [Mr. Giddings] speaks of this as an
unprecedented proceeding. It may be unpre-
cedented in the parliamentary history of this
country, because tho House of Representatives
never remained so long unorganized before; and
it may be that no questions have heretofore pre-
•sented themselves of sufficient public interest to
make the President consider it his duty to com-
municate to Congress in its unorganized condition.
I say such an act may be unprecedented in our
history,but it is not unprecedented in parliament-
