838
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 9,
ered as in Committee of the Whole. Its object
is to authorize the Secretary of the Treasury to
cause a register to be issued to the brig Echo, a
British-built vessel, purchased by Eben Wheel-
wright; a citizen of the United States, the vessel
having been damaged at sea and repaired by
Wheelwright; but it must first be proved to the
satisfaction of the Secretary, that the repairs
made in the United States, after the purchase of
the vessel, are equal to two thirds of the value of
the vessel when repaired.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, and ordered to a third reading. It
was read the third time and passed.
MILITARY ACADEMY BILL.
Mr. HUNTER. The House bill making ap-
propriations for the support of the Military Acad-
emy for the year ending the 30th of June, 1857,
is now on the table. It has been returned to us
from the House of Representatives, with a noti-
fication that the House have agreed to two, and
disagreed to two of our amendments. I move that
the bill and amendments be referred to the Com-
mittee on Finance.
The motion was agreed to.
PERSONAL EXPLANATION.
Mr. ADAMS. Some time since a motion was
made to print additional copies of the report of
the Committee on Military Affairs on the joint
resolution for the presentation of a sword to Col-
onel B. S. Roberts. In the remarks which I made
on that occasion, I said that 1 considered a dis-
tinguished citizen of my own State (General
Quitman) "interested " in the report. It has
been suggested to me that that remark might
create an impression m the minds of those not
familiar with the subject, that General duitman's
conduct, in some way or other, required expla-
nation; and that, therefore, he or his friends felt
some interest in the question on his account. I
desire to say that General Quitman has never
been assailed in any way in rcfercnce to this mat-
ter, nor has he any desire on the subject of the
report. The interest to which I referred was
this: Favorably and distinguished as his services
arc represented in the official accounts of the bat-
tles in Mexico, I considered that the report made
by the committee presented him in a still more
enviable position than even his previous distin-
guished place (with which he was perfectly satis-
fied) accorded to him by the official reports. In
that connection, I alluded to his having iuterest
in the subject. General Cluitman had nothing to
do with the getting up of this report, nor did he
fre! any interest in regard to it, except that desire
which every citizen of the country should feel,
that justice may be done. I have felt it due to
General Gtuitman, on such a suggestion as that
to which I have alluded being made to me, to
make this explanation.
PAYMENT OF CLAIMS.
Mr. DODGE. By unanimous consent, the
Senate yesterday took up Senate bill No. 187,
and some objection was then made by the chair-
man of the Committee on Finance to one of the
cases named m that bill. I have consulted with
him on the subject, and I now ask the Senate to
acton the two other cases, in which there is no
interest allowed, and let the case, in which the
question of interest arises, be settled hereafter.
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole,
resumed the consideration of the bill.
Mr. HUNTER. The claim which I ask to lie
over is the one on which the question of interest
arises. I said to the Senator from Wisconsin,
that, in regard to the other cases mentioned in the
bill, which conform to the decision of the Court
of Claims, I should make no opposition, if the
Senate should choose, by common consent, to act
on them, reserving for future action the claim on
which interest is proposed to be allowed.
Mr. DODGE. I move that the bill be amended
by striking out the first section, which relates to
the case of Todd.
The PRESIDENT. After the bill shall be
reported to the Senate, it will be in order to dis-
agree to the amendment of the Committee on
Claims, allowing interest in that case.
_Mr. HUNTER. If the Senate is willing to
disagree to the amendment giving interest, I have
no objection to the rest of the bill. I am willing
to do what the Court of Claims decided ought to
be done; but I am not disposed to act further,
and give interest where they decide that it should
not be given.
Mr. STUART. We can take a vote, and dis-
agree to the amendment.
The bill was reported to the Senate as amended;
and the question was stated to be on concurring
in the amendment of the committee to insert in
the first section, in regard to S. P. Todd's claim:
With interest at the rate of six per centum per annum
from and after the 31st day of December, A. D. 1839.
Mr. HUNTER. I hope that amendment will
be voted down.
The amendment was non-concurred in. The
bill was thus restored to the shape in which it
was reported by the Court of Claims.
Mr. DODGE. I hope the bill will now be
passed without objection.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, and was read the third time and passed.
EXPLORATION OF LIEUTENANT WARREN.
Mr. WELLER. I offer the following resolu-
tion, and ask for its consideration now:
Resolved, That the Secretary of War be, and he is hereby,
requested to communicate to the Senate the repoit of Lieu-
tenant G. It Warron, of the United States engineer corps,
of his recent exploration of the region of country between
the Missouri and Platte rivers, and the Rocky mountains,
with the map accompanying the same.
If there be any obj ection to the adoption of this
resolution, I will ask to have the letter of the
Secretary of War read.
Mr. HUNTER. I should like to hear the let-
ter.
The Secretary read it, as follows:
War. Department, March 26,18o6.
Dfar Siu: The Topographical Engineer, Lieutenant
G. R. Warren, on General Harney's staff during the past
year's campaign in the region between the Missouri and
Platte rivers, and Rocky mountains, has addressed a bnci
and interesting report (accompanied by a map) to that
officer, which contains much useful and newly-acquired
information respecting the eouritiy and loutes, rivers, and
streams traversing it, See. The repoit and map should be
printed, as they will be very useful to the troops on that
frontier, and to travelers and emigrants.
It wiii'not probably occupy more taan foity punted pages,
(octavo,) or twenty leaves.
Very respectfully, and truly yours,
JEFFERSON DAVJS.
Hon. John B. Weller,
Chairman Committee on Military Jiff airs, Senate.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I should like to hear the
resolution read again. I wish to know if it is
another resolution for printing?
Mr. WELLER. When the report shall be
sent to the Senate, the question on printing will,
of course, go to the Committee on Printing. It
is a very interesting report. Whether we shall
publish the map after it comes here, will be a
question for the Committee on Printing to de-
termine. The question is not now on printing.
The resolution merely asks that the report shall
be sent in.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I have no objections to
that.
The resolution was'agreed to.
BOUNTY LAND BILL.
On motion by Mr. STUART, the Senate re-
sumed, as in Committee of the Whole, the con-
sideration of the House bill (H. R. No. 8) to
amend the "Act in addition to certain acts grant-
ing bounty land to certain officers and soldiers
who have been engaged in the military service of
the United States," approved March 3, 1855; the
pending question being upon the amendment of
Mr. Iverson, to add to the substitute of the Com-
mittee on Public Lands the following new sec-
tion:
"Jlnd be it fvrfker enacted, That where any company,
battalion, or regiment, in an organized torm, marched more
than tweuty miles to the place where they were mustered
into the service of the United States, or were discharged
more than twenty miles from the place where such com-
pany, battalion, or regiment was organized; in all such
case*, in computing the length of service of the officers and
soldiers of any such company, battalion, or regiment, with
a view to determine the quantity of land anv officer or sol-
dier is entitled to under the «tet entitled {An"act in addition
to certain aets granting bounty land to certain officers and
soldiers who have been engaged m the military service of
the United States' approved 3d of Maich, 18.")5, there shall
be allowed onf day for every twenty miles from the pl.iee
where the company, battalion, or regiment was organized,
to the place where the same was mustered into the service
ot the United States; and al&o, one day lor every twenty
miles from the place where such company, battalion, or
regiment was discharged, to the place where it was organ-
ized, and from whence it marched to enter the service."
Mr. IVERSON. Since I was in the Senate
yesterday, my attention has been called to some
amendments to this bill,proposed by the Com-
mittee on Public Lands, with which I am not
altogether satisfied, but I have not had time to
scrutinize those amendments as carefully as I
desire. There are some to which I object, and
which, I think, the Senate will not pass when
they understand them. In order to give me time
to look into these amendments more closely than
I have had an opportunity of doing, I move to
postpone this bill until half past twelve o'clock
to-inorrow morning.
Mr. STUART. While I am disposed to grant
every possible indulgence to the Senator, I cannot
see the necessity for the postponement. The
truth is, that there is a very pressing necessity
for considering this bill, and acting on it. The
Senator is, doubtless, aware of it. Cases are
constantly occurring at the Pension Office, which
are being suspended because there is no existing
provision Such as is contained in this bill for their
allowance. It seems to me the whole question
lies in a nut-shell. While, as I have said, I
should not be disposed to do anything at all that
would interfere with the action of the Senator,
unless there be some very strong necessity, I
hope the postponement will not be agreed to.
Mr. IVERSON. I simply appeal to the indul-
gence of the Senate to allow the bill to be post-
poned until to-morrow. Certainly no great in-
terest of the nation can be affected by that.
Mr. SEWARD. Will the Senator from Geor-
gia listen to me for a momen t ? There is a special
order for to-morrow at twelve and a half o'clock,
and if he will therefore ask that this bill shall go
over until the day after to-morrow, I shall have
no objection.
Mr. IVERSON. Very well; I will say the day
after to-morrow.
Mr. STUART. This bill has been postponed
for several weeks. It is many weeks since it was
reported and printed, and laid upon the tables of
the Senate, but it has been postponed until now.
As I said before, while I am willing to grant to
the Senatorfrom Georgia indulgence to any extent
which may be necessary, I cannot, on behalf of
the committee, consent to the postponement of
the bill on his mere suggestion.
The question on the present amendment lies in
a nut-shell. It is simply whether the Senate will
retain and adhere to the original act which was
based on the requirement of fourteen days' actual
service, unless where the person was in battle, or
whether they will allow constructive service to be
made up by parol evidence, by way of travel to
or from the place where the actual service was
rendered. There is no time necessary to consider
that postponement. Therefore, and inasmuch as
this bill has been postponed until now, and in-
asmuch as public service connected with the
duties of the Pension Office is very much affected
by it, (because every case that is now examined
and suspended has to be reexamined when this
bill shall have been passed,) and inasmuch as the
importunities are numerous and strong, both from
gentlemen of the House of Representatives and
of the Senate, as well as from our constituents
generally, ! feel it incumbent on me to press the
consideration of the bill as rapidly as I can. For
this reason, 1 must ask for a vote of the Senate
on the motion to postpone. It will be seen that
if the bill be postponed until the day after to-
morrow, it will be necessarily postponed until
next week. The business of the Senate which
has been already blocked out will occupy the re-
mainder of this week, so that if the bill be now
postponed until the day after to-morrow, it is in
effect a postponement until next week, which I
should very much regret to see.
Mr. IVERSON. I appealed to the indulgence
of the Senate to postpone the bill until to-mor-
row, not in relation to the amendment which I
had the honor to propose yesterday, but I ex-
pressly said that it was in reference to other
amendments which the Committee on Public
Lands have reported to the original bill as it came
from the House of Representatives. I desire to
scrutinize more closely than I have hitherto had
an opportunity of doing, some of the amendments
which the committee have reported—not the
amendment which I have brought before the Sen-
ate. I am prepared to go on with the bill at once,
so far as that is concerned; but I discover, on
