102
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[February 28,
34th Cong....1st Sess.
Kansas Affairs—Mr. Hale.
Senate.
never issued, but it was placed in the hands of
an officer to be issued on the happening of a cer-
tain contingency. Very good men have been
denounced as traitors. I believe the Senator from
Massachusetts may consider himself in that cat-
egory. I may have been so denounced; but I
think it a gross slander. Every man of fairness
must admit that, when any party of men attempt
a forcible resistance to the constituted authority
of the country, they are traitors. That these men '
have attempted this I trust I shall prove in a few
moments, and then I shall have done.
The Senator from Massachusetts dwelt with
much emphasis and interest upon the siege of
Lawrence, in which the Miles Standish of Kansas
acted as general; and he commented with marked
severity upon the conduct of Governor Shannon j
upon that occasion. Now, I feel that it is my
privilege, and to some extent my duty, to pay
some attention to the attacks which have been
made on Governor Shannon by the Senator from
Massachusetts. The affair at Lawrence seems to
be regarded by the Senator as a fit opportunity
for flashing forth his eloquence. He arraigns
Governor Shannon, and General Atchison, and
General String-fellow—for what? The sheriff of
the county of Douglas had arrested a man under
a warrant properly issued; and while in the exe-
cution of his duty as a sworn officer he was at-
tacked and his prisoner rescued—by whom ? The
Senator says, by about fifteen persons, none of
them residents of Lawrence. Is it not very strange
that the Senator will assume to know more of the
facts, transpiring a thousand miles off, than men,
equally honorable, who are upon the ground?
The sheriff asserts that, while he was in the
peaceful exercise of his duty, and while he was
executing the law, he was set upon by about forty
ruffians, and his prisoner taken from his custody.
The Senator thinks there were but fifteen. The
sheriff who was there says there were forty.
Here is another point of difference between the i
Senator and his witness, General Pomeroy. Be-
fore, it was a difference of a thousand; now there
is the difference between fifteen and forty. That,
I admit, is a very small affair, and does not affect
the question of principle. I say, the sheriff was |
prevented from discharging his duty in executing 1
the law. The people of Kansas assembled to-
gether for the purpose of enforcing the law. Who
were the aggressors ? Let the facts and the truth
answer. The people of Kansas went there to
enforce thelaw; they went armed. Why? Because
the prisoner had been rescued from the hands of
the officer, was carried to Lawrence, and an armed
force was there to prevent the execution of the
law. The Senator stated, the other day, in his
speech, as I understood him, that there were but
three hundred Sharpe's rifles in Lawrence. He
spoke positively as to the number. It occurred to
me, then, thatitwas very strange that the Senator
could know with precision how many Sharpe's
rifles were there, unless he had been in communi-
cation with this peaceful emigrant aid society.
He says that there were but three hundred rifles.
How does he know it; how could he know it?
He was not there. According to the most reliable
authority, there were between eight hundred and
one thousand Sharpe's rifles there. How did
those rifles get there? Did the emigrants take
them. Were they taken by those who were so
very poor and feeble that charity had to be ex-
tended to carry many of them there? Sir, I do
not know how they got there; but that they are
there is a fact that is certified to by the Governor
of the Territory.
Then, sir, when they assumed the strong power
of arresting the execution of the law, taking from
the duly constituted officer of the Government a
prisoner whom he had in charge, the people of
Kansas rose in their majesty and strength to see
that the law should be executed. General Atchi-
son, General Stringfellow, and Governor Shan-
non go there, and for that act of benevolence and
patriotism there is nothing but condemnation.
Sir, I make no proclamation of personal responsi-
bility for what I say, for that seems to me to savor
somewhat of that sort of chivalry that has died out*
but Isay that General Atchison, General String-
fellow, and Governor Shannon, went there to in-
terfere between the contending parties. Peace
ensued. The Governor of the Territory is assailed
by the Senator from Massachusetts in terms not
only offensive but gross. I rejoice that part of
the charge prefeTrea against him has been with-
drawn; and if I should not be deemed officious,
I would suggest to the Senator, whether it would
not comport best with his convictions of propriety
and manliness to withdraw in public, as he has
withheld from the press, one of the charges pre-
ferred against Governor Shannon. There is,
however, one charge left, to which I shall give a
passing notice.
Governor Shannon labored to prevent the effu-
sion of blood by an infuriated mob of border ruf-
fians, if you please, thirsting, as the Senator says,
for blood—two thousand strong against only three
hundred in the city of Lawrence, with the Gov-
ernor on the side of the two thousand. He goes
and mediates and makes a treaty which the Sen-
ator says dishonors and disgraces him. I sub-
mit if that is not an extraordinary statement. A
man with dominant power, able and ready to
crush his adversary, makes concessions; and
when he makes them the party turns upon him
and says, "You are a craven imbecile; you are
afraid to fight; you had to surrender to three hun-
dred men. More than that, after he had medi-
ated (for which I think he deserves tlie favorable
consideration of the country) and prevented the
shedding of fraternal blood, he is condemned
and denounced;and then it is said, after the work
was consummated, ht showed himself to be the
object of petty commiseration and contempt, be-
cause he was drunk!
Mr. President, when, in the history of the
Senate, has a charge of that character been pre-
ferred ? Who will be able to stand when rumor
is to assail the character of an honest and honor-
able man, and he is to be stricken down by sen-
atorial indorsement of rumor? Whether he was
drunk or not, I neither know nor care. I should
regret if he was; but many noble, generous, ar-
dent, impulsive, true, and honest men have been
overcome, and found in circumstances of such mis-
fortune. Sir, do not misunderstand me; do not sup-
pose I am advocating intemperance. If men are
to be tried on rumor, how would gentlemen in the
Senate escape ? How many could stand the bat-
teries of the infernal engines of calumny and slan-
der that pervade this country from one end of it to
the other ? Are we to rely upon rumor, that lying
monster which has borrowed every tongue in
hell with which to adorn itself? Suppose he was
drunk! He had seen his countrymen arrayed in
deadly hostility. He was the chief executive of-
ficer, to whose hands the destiny, the peace, the
honor of that Territory was confided. With
patriotic solicitude he mediates between the con-
tending parties. After days of delay and anxiety
he accomplishes the great work; and in the ex-
ultation of a generous and noble heart he yields
to a weakness that pertains to many of us. It
may be that the stoical education of the Senator
from Massachusetts cannot appreciate such im-
pulses as these. If he had been drunk upon that
occasion, though I might have regretted it, I
W<jU no' have put the seal of public reprobation
and exposure upon him. No, sir; it was an
exhibition of joy—of exultation and patriotic
rejoicing. As good men as the Senator from
Massachusetts have been betrayed into such a
weakness, and will be again. W^here is your
boasted charity ?
But, sir, towards the conclusion of his speech i
the Senator from Massachusetts, not content with i
assailing the proclamation of the President of the
United States, and charging that it was one-sided, i
attacked the execution of the proclamation bv 1
the order of the Secretary of War, directed to
Colonel Sumner. I will not so far forget the
proprieties of the Senate as to charge that Sena-
tor with a purpose to misrepresent a statement of
facts; still I will say that it must be the strangest
perversion, the strangest obscuration of mind,
that 1 ever saw, when the Senator arrived at the
conclusion to which he seemed to arrive in regard
the letter of the Secretary of War, and he leaves
out the residue of it. Why, sir, that very letter
commands Colonel Sumner to obey the procla-
mation. What is this proclamation ? That he
shall interpose the military arm of the Govern-
ment, not only to arrest insurrection, but to pre-
vent invasion. All invaders, whether from one
State or another, come under the provisions of
this proclamation; and the order was issued by
the Secretary of War to the commanding officer
to execute the proclamation.
Now, sir, I come to the conclusion of the Sen-
| ator's speech. This is his summing up. Let me
| read it:
j "Leave these men now in Kansas, free from Missouri
( forays and administration corruption, and in spite of the m-
1 human, unchristian, and devilish acts to be found in the
past legislation of the Territory, they will bring Kansas hire
as they have done already, robed in the garments of Free-
I dom. Men of the South, you who would blast the virgin
| soil of Kansas with the blighting, withering, consuming
curse of slavery—you who would banish the educated,
self-dependent, free laboring men of the North, to make
room for the untutored, thriftless, dependent bondsmen of
the South—vote down the free-State men of Kansas, if you
can; but do not send ' border ruffians' to rob or burn their
humble dwellings, and murder brave men for the crime of
fidelity to their cherished convictions."
I beg my friends and brethren of the South
to read this last admonition of the distinguished
Senator from Massachusetts, and carry it home
to your wives and your children. Cherish it as
a bequest, a rich legacy from the Senator from
Massachusetts. Tarnish not the virgin soil of
Kansas with this accursed taint of slavery ! Oh,
most reverend Senator, how much we owe to you
for your kindness and condescension in reading
to us this homily on morals! We shall endeavor
to treasure up everything in it worthy of our
consideration, we being the judges. Now, with
all your denunciations and all your bitterness,
what can you do ? What can you accomplish ?
Will you frighten us—will you drive us from the
assertion and maintenance of our rights ? I think
not. We ask nothing but what the Constitution
guaranties to us. That much we do ask. That
much we will have. I do not wish to be excited
about this matter. We do not mean to be driven
from our propriety; but there is a fixed, immu-
table, universal determination on the part of the
South never to be driven a single inch further.
We love this Union, and would cherish it. We
would live in peace and harmony with you, if
you will allow us; but if we are forever to be the
subjects of crimination, of condemnation, of vitu-
peration, and of torture and assailment of motive,
to taunts and jeers—if this is to be our heritage,
1, for one, am tired of it. If we are not to enjoy
our rights under the Constitution, tell us so; and,
if we may, let us separate peaceably and decently.
If our property is to be confiscated, our rights
Jeopardized, our honor assailed, I tell you in every
hand there will be a knife, and there will be war
to the knife and the knife to the hilt. Yet with
cold, imperturbable perseverance, you pursue us
with taunts and jeers. Your taunts and jeers,
calling us slavery propagandists, slave-drivers,
amount to very little. If it ministers to your re-
fined and cultivated appetites, eat to your hearts'
content. They excite no other feeling in the
bosom of a southern man than that of contempt—
ineffable, sublime contempt. As to your threats,
,e j , a reply in the language of one
of ocotland s chiefs:
. ,, i •' w ennve in resrara
he say f Secretary of War. What toes
The Senator quotes a part of the paragraph of
" Thy threats, thy mercies we defy;
Let recreants yield who fear to die."
AFFAIRS IN KANSAS.
SPEECH OF HON. JOHN P. HALE,
of new hampshire,
In the Senate, February 28,1856.
The Senate having resumed the consideration of the
motion to print ten thousand copies of the message of the
President, of February 18, in reference to affairs in Kan-
sas— .
Mr. HALE. Mr. President, I shall enter upon
the discussion of this subject—which I believe to
be an important one—not so much for the purpose
of replying to the honorable Senator from Ten-
nessee, [Mr. J ones,] as to meet a challenge which
has been thrown down from another quarter I
may say a few words in reference to one or two
