1856.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
103
34th Cong.... 1st Sess.
Kansas Affairs—Mr. Hide.
Senate.
of the positions of the Senator from Tennessee
in the course of the remarks which I shall submit
to the Senate; but, in regard to all that which was
personal, a night's reflection has satisfied me that
i had better not reply to it. I have no doubt the
Senator feels more grieved at it than I do; but I ,
will not say a wont about it; I will not even ask
leave of the" Senate to print any remarks upon that
point. I only nsk leave to have it understood that,
if I chose to reply to any of those remarks, I
might very well do so.
But, sir, I rise for the purpose of replying to a
challenge which I consider has been thrown down
by the President of the United States—challenging
the commendation and approval of the Senate and
of the country of the course which has seen
fit to pursue in relation to Kansas affairs. That
challenge I gather from the remarks made by a
personal ana political friend of the President—
the Senator from Connecticut [Mr. Toucey}—
in these words:
" Mr. President, I desire to say a few words before this
subject passes from the Senate. I do not see how it was
possible for the President of the United States to take any
oilier course than thut which he has adopted, as stated in
the papers now on the table, w ithout an utter abandonment
of his constitutional dot}'."
Again, sir, the Senator from Connecticut said:
" What right, upon this state of fhcts, had the President
of the United States to interfere ? Had he any right to in-
quire into the validity of elections ? No more than he would
have had in regard to an election in Baltimore, or Boston,
or New Orleans. He liad no power. He omitted the per-
formance of no duty, because he liad no power and no right
to make inquiry in order to interfere in the elections."
Further:
" I undertake to express the opinion, for one, as an
humble member of this body"—
—said that distinguished Senator—
 -'that we have no intelligence of any fact or of any state
of things that would justify an interference with military
power by the President with the troubles of Kansas, down
to the period of which I am speaking."
That is the challenge, three times repeated,
and repeated in such hot haste that it was put in I
on a motion to print. Entertaining the views j
which I do, I could not, it seems to me, sit still
in honor and permit such a challenge as that to
go forth to the country unanswered. 1 take issue
with the Senator on every one of the proposi-
tions: I deny them. I say, that the President has
omitted his constitutional duty, and that there
was a state of facts which would justify and call
for his interference; and I will prove it out of his
own mouth. The Senator from Connecticut goes
on in his remarks, and styles the convention ;
lately assembled in Kansas Territory for the pur-
pose of organizing a constitution, "a spurious
convention." The President calls it " revolu- ,
tionary"—the Senator from Connecticut " spuri-
ous." I will not pursue that point further now; j
for, in order to meet this subject in the manner
in which, in my judgment, it ought to be met, |
requires a little broader range of discussion than i
possibly may have been heretofore indulged in;
and to do that, I shall go back to view the state
of the country at the time of the passage of the
much talked-of Kansas act, and to present—or j
rather re-present—to the Senate and the country j
the showing of its friends upon which it was
passed.
When that bill was under consideration before
the Senate, it was stated over and over, and over
again, and declared by numerous Senators here to
be a conceded fact, that slavery never was to go
into the Territory of Kansas. I shall make no
assertion which I am not fortified with proof to
sustain. It will be found, to proceed in the regular
order of the proof of this statement, that Mr.
Pettit, of Indiana, in a speech delivered February
'20, 1854, which is to be found in the twenty-
ninth volume of the Appendix to the Congres-
sional Globe, on the 218th page, says:
" Here let me say to gentlemen of the South, that while
i regard thin as a mere shadow to them, it is removing the
ban under which their citizens have labored; but it is not
giving them any substantial, tangible, lasting benefit; and
there is therefore the more reason why we of the North
should at this time remove this restrction."
These two Territories—Nebraska and Kansas—now in
their ineipient stage, just in their birth, will, when they
come to their manhood, be free; for slavery will not pros-
per there."
That was the opinion of Mr. Pettit. . Next in
the order of time, I think, is a remark made by
-Mr. Hunter, of Virginia, which is to be found in
the same volume, on the 234th page. Mr. Hunter
says:
" Why should the North object to the removal of this
restriction, and object to the passage of this bill.' So as
the question of the extension of slavery is concerned, is it
to them a matter of any practical importance whether this
bill passes or fails ? Does any man believe that you will
have aslaveholding State in Kansas or Nebraska.' I confess
tliat for a moment I permitted such an illusion to rest upon
my mind ; but upon a further examination of the subject, I
came to the conclusion that it was utterly hopeless to effect
any such thing."
On the 247th page of the same volume, will be
found this remark of Mr. Brodhead, of Penn-
sylvania:
" I have said that the question is of no practical import-
ance, for every sensible man knows, and every candid man
will admit, that soil and climate forbid the introduction of
slaves in the Nebraska region, which is all above 36° 30'."
Then, sir, in the opinion of that honorable
Senator, this was " so plain that no sensible man
could possibly be ignorant of it, and no candid
man could deny that, north of36° 30', soil and cli-
mate forbade the introduction of slaves;" and this,
notwithstanding the fact that a large portion of
Missouri, Maryland, Virginia, Delaware, and, I
think, Kentucky, lies within the same parallels
of latitude as Kansas. Notwithstanding these
physical facts, the impression that slavery could
not and would not go to Kansas, was so strong
on the mind of the honorable Senator from Penn-
sylvania, that he said nobody but a fool was
ignorant of it, and that nobody who had a particle
of candor would deny it. This statement was put
forth in the Senate, andgentlemen sat and heard,
and nobody said " nay" to it;and so far assilenec
gives consent, it was admitted that every sensible
and every candid man knew that slavery could
not go north of 36° 30'.
Well, sir, the proof does not stop there. The
next gentleman whom I will quote is Mr. Badger,
of North Carolina, then a member of this body.
His speech will be found in the same volume, on
the 148th page. He says:
" I think, Mr. President, it is in the highest degree prob-
able that, with regard to these Territories of Nebraska and
Kansas, there will never be any slaves in them. I have
no more idea of seeing a slave population in either of them,
than I have of seeing it in Massachusetts; not a whit."
That is quite as strong as Mr. Brodhead. But,
sir, I have more testimony. In the same volume,
on page 318,1 find that Mr. Toucey, of Connec-
ticut, asks,
" Why should northern men object to it * Will the Insti-
tution be likely to prevail in those Territories ? Climate,
soil, the productions of the soil forbid it. The law* of nature
forbid it. The same general causes which expelled that
institution from the northern States, and pushed it south to
the line which now bounds it. would preclude it from that
region, or expel it if it came."
In the same volume, on page 162, we have some
more testimony, though not from a friend of the
bill. Mr. Everett, of Massachusetts, says—and
remember he was speaking in the Senate—
" I believe it is admitted that there is no great material.
interest at stake. I think the chairman of the committee,
[Mr. Douglas,] the Senator from Kentucky, [Mr. Dixon,]
and perhaps the Senator from Tennessee, [Mr. Jones,]
behind me. admitted that there was no great interest at
I stake. It is not supposed that this is to become a slave-
i holding region. The climate, the soil, the staple produc-
1 tions are not such as to invite the planter of the neighboring
States, who is disposed to remove, to turn away from the
cotton regions of the South and establish himself in Kansas
or Nebraska. A few domestic servants may be taken there
—a few farm laborers; but in the long run, everybody, I
am sure, admits that Kansas is not to be a slaveholding
■ region, and if not, certainly not the territory north of it."
i If there was anybody present who did notad-
i mit what Mr. Everett said he was sure everybody
admitted, I do not know but that it was due to
candor, for that somebody to get up and suggest
to Mr. Everett, as he had not been here a great
while, and might not be posted up in all the news
on the subject, that he was a little too fast, and
that there was somebody who did not admit it.
But, sir, there was no one to do that; he was not
corrected even by the honorable gentleman from
Georgia, [Mr. Toombs,] who, whatever other
failings he may have in the eyes of those who
differ from him on this subject, I believe never
was accused of any want of candor in the avowal
of his sentiments. Even he saw that distin-
guished scholar and near-sighted politician at
that time solemnly declare that he was sure he
knew that everybody admitted that Kansas was
j) not to be a slaveholding State; and, if that was
!i not, why, of course, Nebraska was not.
The next testimony I have is that of Mr.
Thomson, of New Jersey. In the same volume,
on the 257th page, he quotes Mr. Everett. Mr.
Everett, then, did not stand alone; he was en-
dorsed; several gentlemen got up and added that
they knew the same thing, and amongst them was
Mr. Thomson, of New Jersey. He says:
"It has been well and truly said, by the distinguished
Senator from Massachusetts, [Mr. Everett]"—
and then he goes on and quotes what Mr. Everett
said, adding to the declaration of Mr. Everett, hia
own, that it was " well and truly said." This
important declaration of Mr. Everett, of a fact
that " everybody knew," and indorsed by Mr.
Thomson, was further indorsed, in the same vol-
ume, on the 249th page, by Mr. Brodhead, of
Pennsylvania, who quotes the same extract from
Mr. Everett that Mr. Thomson did. But Mr.
Brodhead was not content with that; he thought
that, although Mr. Everett knew it, and every-
body else knew it, he could add a little force to
that knowledge; and he went on to prove, in the
course of some remarks that will be found on the
page I have quoted, that what Mr. Everett said
was true; and, so far as the book shows, nobody
contradicted him.
Well, sir, the evidence does not stop there.
There was another Senator whom I regret not to
see in his place this morning—an authority on this
subject whom I have no doubt would be listened
to with great pleasure by the Senate. Mr. Cass,
in the same volume, page 270, says:
"I do not think the practical advantages to result from the
measure will outweigh the injury which the ill-feeling fated
to accompany the discussion of this subject through the
country is sure to produce. And I was confirmed in this
impression by what was said by the Senator from Tennessee,
[Mr. JonesJ by the Senator from Kentucky, [Mr. Dixon,]
and by the Senator from North Carolina,[Mr. Badger,] ana
also by the remarks which fell from the Senator from Vir-
ginia, [Mr. Hunter,] and in which I fully concur, that the
South never will derive any benefit from this measure, so
far as respects the extension of slavery; for, legislate as we
may, no human power can ever establish it in the regions
defined by these bills."
That was the evidence before the Senate. I
have given the opinions of Mr. Pettit of Indiana,
Mr. Hunter of Virginia, Mr. Toucey of Con-
necticut, Mr. Thomson of New Jersey, Mr.
Brodhead of Pennsylvania, Mr. Badger of North
Carolina, Mr. Everett of Massachusetts, (who
quotes, as sustaining him in his opinion, •' what
| everybody knew;") Mr. Douglas of Illinois, Mr;
i Dixon of Kentucky, Mr. Jones of Tennessee, and
j Mr. Cass, (who quotes all these.)
These sentiments went out to the country; they
were spread far and wide; and if the testimony
of an honorable Senator from Alabama (Mr.
Clemens)—not now a member of this body—is
to be believed—and I have never heard his word
questioned—the fact is that, in an interview with
him, the President of the United States told him
it was "a great measure of freedom." That
sentiment went abroad, only confirming what
* ' everybody knew " before, (as Mr. Everett says,)
that slavery never could go there. What was the
result of the dissemination of these views ? You
could not meet a politician who defended this
action in any of the States in which I was, (in my
own State and others,) anywhere, who was not
ready to prove to you that slavery never could go
to Kansas, and that this was a great measure of
freedom. Why, sir, I heard that argued and
reargued, just as long as I had the patience to
listen to it.
The act was passed. It was passed on this
showing, and on this pretense; and, so far as I
listened to the debates—for I happened to be here
during a part of them—or as I have read them
since, I do not remember that a single man upon
the floor of the Senate uttered a different senti-
ment 
Mr. SEWARD. I hope the honorable Senator
will excuse me for saying that I certainly did.
Mr. HALE. If the Senator had waited until
I got through with the sentence, he would have
seen that there was no necessity for his interrup-
tion. What I meant to state was, that I did not
know there was a single man who advocated the
bill who contradicted it—not one.
Mr. BUTLER. I think the gentleman is in
error; for General Atchison, who. had perhaps
more to do with the bill than any other Senator,
openly avowed that lie would not vot® for it,
