1856.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
830
looking at the printed bill this morning, some
amendments proposed by the committee which I
consider exceedingly obnoxious, and which ought
not to receive the sanction of this body. The
amendments reported by the Committee on Pub-
lic Lands make the bill pretty extensive; they
cover a great deal of ground; and there are gome
of those amendments which I am very sure the
Senate has not looked into.
The Senator from Michigan seems to object to
any reduction of time of service; fourteen days,
he insists, shall be held on to as provided for in
the original law, and no parol evidence shall be
admissible to prove service more or less than four-
teen days. Record evidence, the gentleman says,
must be adhered to; and yet, strange to say, the
Committee on Public Lands, of which the gentle-
man is a member, have reported an amendment
in this bill which removes the impediment as to
parol evidence in particular cases, and adheres to
it in all others. It authorizes parol evidence to
be admitted to prove the service of the Platts-
burg volunteers, and some other volunteers in
particular cases, and actually refuses to repeal the
clause in relation to record evidence in regard to
all other services.
Mr. BENJAMIN. If the Senator from Georgia
will permit me, I will make a suggestion to my
friend from Michigan. I think that we had
better let this bill lie over. The Senator from
Georgia will have it in his power to obtain the
time which he desires, by moving a reconsidera-
tion after the passage of the bill, even if it should
be passed to-day.
Mr. STUART. Iam aware that this bill, like
any other, can be postponed beyond the exist-
ence of this Congress under the rules of the Sen-
ate. There is no doubt about that; but the Senator
from Vermont [Mr. Foot] explained the other
day, fully and completely, the object of the com-
mittee in proposing these amendments—so clearly,
that the wayfaring man could not help under-
standing it.
The original law expressly provided, that per-
sons serving at the battles of Plattsburg, King's
Mountain, and others which were speciallynamed,
should have bounty land whether they served four-
teen days or not, or whether there was any record
evidence or not. The Commissioner of Pensions
has decided that the provision requiring fourteen
days' service does not apply to them; but he has
decided that the record-evidence requirement does
apply. The committee consider the interpreta-
tion of the Department to be erroneous. Con-
gress declared m the law of 1855, that persons
engaged in those special services should have
bounty land, even if they had not served an hour,
without regard to whether there was any record
of it or not. We shall be prepared, on behalf of
the committee, to explain to the Senator from
Georgia, and to the Senate, all the action of the
committee as it may arise; bijt I must express
the hope that we shall have the benefit of the few
minutes which can be obtained between the Kan-
sas question and the Navy question for consid-
ering this proposition. These questions seem to
be likely to crush us out from all other business.
We have therefore adopted the plan of consid-
ering this bill while we could, for half an hour each
morning, and facilitating it as fast as possible.
I have no doubt that the committee will be able
to explain any objection which the Senator from
Georgia may raise to the bill, so that the Senate
will be at liberty to adopt or reject our proposi-
tion. We are not at all tenacious about it. We
are solicitous only to dispose of the question.
As I have said, a postponement of the bill now
is necessarily a postponement until next week.
I ask the Senate not to agree to that.
Mr. HALE. I hope the Senate will postpone
this subject. It seems to me to be a courtesy
ordinarily extended when a Senator asks for it.
The Senator from Georgia has not often troubled
the Senate, and I, for one, hope that his request
will be acceded to, and that the bill will be post-
poned. While saying a word for him, I wish
also to say a word for myself. I desire to examine
the amendment. I am inclined to favor the prin-
ciple of his amendment, and I wish it to be post-
poned in order to examine it.
The PRESIDENT. The question is on post-
poning the further consideration of the subject
until Friday, ar.d making it the special order for
that day, at half past twelve o'clock.
Mr. STUART. I hope Senators will give their
attention to this subject. As I have said, it has
been here for weeks. I think it is about a month
since this bill was reported by the Committee on
Public Lands, and printed, and laid on Senators'
tables; hut if gentlemen will now give their atten-
tion to the question, as they no doubt will, I
shall have to consent to these courtesies, and
yield to a postponement. I have no wish, how-
ever, to defer it until Friday or Saturday, because
it is no manner of use to fix either of those days;
and I therefore move that the bill be postponed
until Monday, at half past twelve o'clock.
Mr. FOOT. I hope it will be postponed until
Monday. It will be remembered that Friday, by
a previous motion, has already been assigned for
the consideration of private bills; and I hope that
on next Friday we shall take up the Private Cal-
endar, and go through with it.
The PRESIDENT. The question will then
be on the motion to postpone until Monday, at
half past twelve o'clock.
The motion was agreed to.
COMMERCIAL RELATIONS.
Mr. IVERSON. I desire to offer a resolution;
and I ask for its present consideration:
Revolved, That the Committee on Commerce inquire
into the expediency of having published, for the use of the
Senate, copies of the report of the State Department on
our commercial relations with all foreign countries : Pro-
vided, No extra expense of composition bhall be incurred
thereby.
Mr. HAMLIN. I beg the Senator from Georgia
to strike out" the Committee on Commerce,"and
insert " the Committee on Printing."
Mr. IVERSON. I wish to give the reasons
why I propose to commit the inquiry to the Com-
mittee on Commerce. I understand that the State
Department has made a very voluminous report
to the House of Representatives on the subject
of our commerce with other nations, which is
said to be one of the most valuable documents
that ever emanated from any Department of the
Government. I have not had the pleasure of
seeing, and therefore cannot speak personally in
relation to it. I believe the House of Represent-
atives have ordered the printing of a large addi-
tional number—ten or twenty thousand copies—
for the members of the House. It is now in
process of printing, I understand, under that
order of the House. I propose that the Com-
mittee on Commerce shall look into the document
and determine whether it deserves the high en-
comiums which have been passed upon it, and
whether it ought to be printed for the use of the
Senate or not; and, if so, whether extra copies
should be printed. After the Committee on
Commerce shall have reported in favor of the
expediency of publishing it, the question will go
to the Committee on Printing, as a matter of
course, to determine how many copies should be
published.
What I desire is, that the Committee on Com-
merce should investigate the document, and give
us their judgment as to whether it is one deserv-
ing the commendation of an order to print it by
the Senate. If they say it is such a document as
ought to be printed and distributed by the Senate,
the Committee on Printing of course will have
jurisdiction to decide the number of copies to be
printed. I propose to restrict the printing in
such a manner as that an extra price shall not be
charged for composition, because the printing can
be done as well by the printer for the House of
Representatives as by the printer of the Senate,
he having already done the composition. That
is a matter, however, for the Committee on Print-
ing to settle hereafter. This is a mere resolution
of inquiry, and I am not particular as to what
committee it shall be referred to.
Mr. HAMLIN. I beg, then, that it may not
go to the Committee on Commerce. I do not
know that 1 should be willing to refer such a
proposition to any committee. I do not think it
is the appropriate duty of any committee to ex-
amine a document submitted to this body for the
purpose of reporting on the propriety or impro-
priety of printing it. It is the appropriate duty
of the Committee on Printing to examine docu-
ments for the purpose of estimating the cost of
printing them. It is a question for the Senate to
determine whether they will order this or that
document printed; but the details of the cost and
the manner appropriately go to the Committee on
Printing. I do not think that any committee in
this body should be called upon to perform thft
service proposed to be imposed by this resolu-
tion, and I hope the Senator from Georgia on
reflection will withdraw his resolution. This
document has already been ordered to be printed
in the House, if I understand the Senator cor-
rectly. Each Senator is entitled to one copy tuider
the order there made. Each member of the Sen-
ate can then investigate the matter for himself;
and if, upon investigation, he shall deem the
printing of the document a matter of importance,
he can submit his proposition to the Senate, and
let it go to the Committee on Printing, together
with such suggestions as may be the result of his
investigation. I do not think such a duty should
be imposed on &ny committee; and I hope it will
not be imposed on the Committee on Commerce.
Mr. IVERSON. I am willing to strike out
"the Committee on Commerce," as they seem
to be opposed to this investigation, and to insert
" the Committee on Printing."
The PRESIDENT. The resolution will be
so modified.
The resolution, as modified, was considered by
unanimous consent, and agreed to.
LAND OFFICE REPORT.
Mr. STUART. I desire to submit a resolu-
tion which seems to be necessary, for the benefit
of the Commissioner of the General Land Office.
It is simply for the publication of a number of
copies of his annual report for his own use at
his bureau, in accordance with the usual custom:
Resolved, That five hundred copies of the report of the
Commmissioner of the General Land Office, with the ac-
companying maps, be printed for the use of that office, said
copies to be in addition to the usual number ordered for the
use of the Senate.
The resolution was considered by unanimous
consent, and agreed to.
KANSAS LEGISLATURE.
The Senate resumed the consideration of the
motion of Mr. Cass to print the memorial pre-
sented by him on the 7th of April, from persons
representing themselves as Senators and Repre-
sentatives in the General Assembly of the State
of Kansas, praying for the admission of Kansas
as a State into the Confederacy upon an equal
footing with the other States. N
Mr. SEWARD called for the yeas and nays;
and they were ordered.
Mr. BUTLER. I have but a few remarks to
make in addition to those which I made on this
subject the other day. To get the printing in the
mode proposed by the Senator from Michigan,
you have only to violate two rules of the Senate
—that is all. In the first place, this is not a pe-
tition or a memorial falling within the description
of other memorials or petitions, or having any of
the sanctions by which they can come into this
body. The memorial comes here with no identity
of signature. None of the persons whose names
are signed to this document, can be made respons-
ible for it. The Senator himself cannot say that
the names appended to this document are genuine
signatures.
Mr. CASS. I hope the Senator will allow me
to interrupt him?
Mr. BUTLER. Certainly.
Mr. CASS. Since the subject was before the
Senate the other day, I have seen Colonel Lane,
who handed me the petition. I told him of the
objection which had been made. He said he was
authorized to say, that it had been signed by the
persons whose names are attached to it, and that
it is a genuine document. That is all I know
about it.
Mr. BUTLER. I do not know that General
Lane, or Governor Lane, or whatever lie is called,
has a right to come here vicariously and say any
such thing. In the first place I do not know who
lie is. I do not know* how he can pronounce his
voice in the Senate at all. If the Senator from
Michigan himself will rise and say that these
names are genuine and were originally signed to
another document, of which this is a copy, even
that would not reconcile me to violate a rule to
accommodate Mr. Lane. Here is a paper intro-
duced by Mr. Lane, of a character altogether
arrogant in its language, purporting to conic from
the Senators and Representatives of the State of
Kansas! Now, sir, is there any such State as
Kansas? What right has Mr. Lane to use such
language to the Senate of the United States, and
