104
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[February 28,
34th Cong....1st Sess.
Kansas Affairs—Mr. Hale.
Senate.
except on the ground that it would remove the
obstacle which prevented such slaveholders to go
there as chose to do so. You will find that that
was his opinion, and he maintained it.
Mr. HALE. I do not know but that it may
have been so. I am speaking front recollection.
I have read Mr. Atchison's remarks as well as I
could, and I do not find that he so stated in the
Senate. He was then the Presiding Officer of this
body, and he did not speak on the bill at length;
he spoke casually once, and I think but once,
though he might have spoken twice; but his
remarks were exceedingly brief. He has since
avowed the sentiments alluded to by the Senator
from South Carolina; but I think it will be found,
by a reference to the record, that I am correct. I
do not speak unadvisedly on this point, for I have
looked over the record very lately, and I think it
will be found that I am correct. That the hon-
orable Senator from Missouri at that time (Mr.
Atchison) entertained such sentiments, I will not
undertake to deny.- What I am saying is, that,
so far-as I have learned, and so far as I nave been
able to find by examination, not a solitary man
who advocated the bill in the Senate intimated a
different opinion from that whjch I have quoted
from various Senators—that slavery would not
go Jo Kansas.
Sir, the promulgation of those opinions here
furnished an abundant argument for all the lesser
lights of this new order of Democracy who are
to be found scattered all over the land. There was
hardly a postmaster who was not posted up in it.
There was not a man who held or wished to hold
an office under the General Government, in the
northern States, who was not ready to argue this
question, and argue it exactly on this showing:
that it was a great measure calculated to produce
equality amon  the States, but without the least
possible idea that any practical consequences as
regards the extension of slavery would result
from it. Sir, let me ask you, if these men who
were not so well posted up were not justified in
saying so, when Mr. Everett—who not only
knew it himself, but knew that everybody else
knew it—declared that slavery could never go
thWhat was the result of the passage of the ST ^
Kansas act? You declared,when you^ssed it, l Exami^r' 1 cut-U from the New
that it was done with the view of removing the
great restriction imposed by the Missouri com-
promise, and opening the Territory to everybody. ,,
The people of the North took you at your word; j
and they went there. How were they met? I
do not propose to make any statements here on
my own authority, but to give proof. There was
bis voters, left the Territory, and has never returned—no,
never returned!
"Well, what next ? Why an election for members of the
Legislature to organize the Territory must be held. What
did i advise you to do then ? Why, meet them on their
own ground, and beat them at their own game again; and,
cold and inclement as the weather was, I went over with
a company of men. My object in going was not to vote;
I had no right to vote, unless I had disfranchised myself in
Missouri. I was not within two miles of a voting place.
My object in going was not to vote, but to settle a difficulty
between two of our candidates; and the Abolitionists of the
North said, and. published it abroad, that Jltchison was there
with kouie-knife and revolver, and by God 'twas true. I
never did go into that Territoi y,—I never intend to go into
that Territory, without being pi epared for all such kind of
cattle. Well, we beat tliem; and Governor Reeder gave
certificates to a majority ef all the members of both Houses,
and then, after they were organized, as everybody will
admit, they were the only competent persons to say who
were, and who were not, members of the same. Well, a
code of laws was enacted similar to those of Missouri and
other States; after which the Abolitionists, failing in every-
thing, turned round and repudiated these laws, though in
their bogus, spurious treaty, which tliey published, they
agreed to submit to there. They called a convention, ap-
pointed delegates, which delegates were appointed without
the knowledge of a vary large majority of the people, or if
they had a knowledge of it, they treated it with scorn and
contempt. This convention met at Topeka, and framed
what they called a constitution; and now they say they
intend to apply for admission into the Union, though there
are not more than five thousand voters in the Territory, and
not more than twenty-five thousand or thirty thousand in-
habitants, men, women and children. Now should Con-
gress admit them, what will you do ? I'll tell you what I '11
do. If Congress admits them into this Union, without
law or precedent, [nodding liis head and lifting high his
hand very significantly,] I'll resist it!"
He adds, however: "But Congress will do no
such thing."
I do not vouch for this; I only give it as it
comes in the public papers, as a speech delivered
by Mr. Atchison on the 4th of February.
Mr. BUTLER. Is it from an anonymous writer? '
Mr.. HALE. It isacommunicationin the New i
York Daily Times.
Mr. BUTLER. Signed "Randolph," I sup- j
pose. !
Mr. HALE. I do not know what the signa-
ture is. It is the same paper that I handed to the
honorable Senator from South Carolina a few
moments ago.
Here is another extract from a letter signed D.
much discussion a few days since as to what
General Atchison had done and said, and many '
commendations were passed on him. I have not 1
a word to say against it. I. knew General At-
chison f°r six years while I served with him in
the Senate, and in personal intercourse I always
found him to be an amiable and pleasant gentle-
man, and I shall let him speak for himself; I will
give my authority. I desire to read an extract
from a speech of General Atchison, delivered at
Platte City, Missouri, on the 4th of the present
month, which will be found in the New York
Daily Times- of the 25th of the present month.
He says:
Te,rritolry waa °P®n f°r settlement, every man hav-
from the North or South with their
] York Tribune. _ Whether it is a correct extract
from the Georgia paper or not, I do not know.
Mr. Atchison says, in this letter to Georgia:
« Let your young men come forth to Missouri and Kan-
sas Let them come well armed, with money enough to
support tliem for twelve months, and determined to see this
thing out! One hundred true men will be an acquisition.
The more the better. I do not see how we are to avoid civil
war; come it will. Twelve months will not elapse before
war—civil war of the fiercest kind—will be upon us. We
are arming and preparing for it. Indeed, we of the border
counties are prepared. We must have the support of the
bouth. We are fighting the battles of the South. Our in-
stitutions are at stake. You far southern men are now out
of the naive of the war; but if we fail, it will reach your
own doors, perhaps your hearths. We want men, armed
men. We want money—not for ourselves, but to support
our friends who may como from a distance. i have now
in this housetwo gallant young men from Charleston, South
Carolina. They are citizens of Kansas, and will remain so
until her destiny is fixed.
"Let your young men come on in squads as faRt as they
can be raised, well armed. We want none but true men.
Yours truly, D. R. ATCHISON."
Mr. GEYER,
Mr. HALE.
What is the date of that letter?
The date of another one which
- - w  ..nH( ulluu,,,,, UICJI I will read, and which I find in the same paper.
nhTu.Hr 3n.e ™UoTta,of the North> failinSto awo"'- 18 December 15,1855, and I believe this letter has
ft" >* r <*  « 
before me. I have here a letter from the same
fentleman, published on the same authority,
ated Platte City, December 15, 1855, in which
he says: <
„ _ T. " Platte City, December 15,1&55. !
Dear Sir : I have read, with intense interest, so much
of Governor Johnson's message to the Georgia Legislature
as refers to our' Federal relations.' The question of slavery
is the only one of vital importance at this time. Men who
™e,leasl;>nterest in it are endeavoring to regulate and
^'e whole subject. Massachusetts—a State as far
nn!? mh 1,1 the institution of slavery and slaveholders as
k" f Umo"—the van in the crusade; a
leM fifra,hVanC - !lttle money, and certainly shed
[®ee ac/,,U1SitJOn 1f. territory, either slave or
other> ,eads 111 this war  against our insti-
nave no disposition now to go further into this
m,   . I --— v b IV 1U UU-
y organized their etui tociGtics.
money and men, had three thousand preachers and their
abolition orators drumming up their forces, who were
anrtn hpr°Kia cars> anil wliiftled off again at Kansas City
on theif   8°me m had 'Kansas and Wxrty'
_ The wretches! Only think of it! But, as if
jt were too incredible to be believed, he adds:
{ s®ww"'1 myown eyes. These men came with the
avowed purpose of driving or expelling you from the Ter-
ntory. What did I advise you to do ? Why, meet them at
their own game. When the first election came off i told
you to go over and vote." a
Remember, he is speaking to his Missouri
mends in Platte county—his own countv. He
continues: '
"you did so, and beat them. We, our party in Kansas
nominatArt £ener?' WbitA^ They, theAboHtiSj
nominated Flenniken; not Flanegan, for Flanegan was a
Hib o'ln*?®81*?811' ',ut Flenniken. Well, the next,day after
the election, that same Flenniken, with'three hundred of
tutions..
, matter, but my object is to interchange opinions with von
' time mbr£f hiSt°^of Part,!!si" KansaTuptoZ'
1 2;J S? 2 ever> be permitted to say that, in my
' an M "a^ted on0|^h?drati01^ °f your Governor are wise,
1 at le^t fOT atfmp Jweg^,atUre'wil1 havc n tendency'
east tor a time, to check aggression on th« part of the
North. It will furnish some evidence that one southern
State is resolved to concede no further.
" The Governor recommends, first, that the Legislature
shall provide for the call of a convention, upon the hap-
pening of a certain contingency. What is that contin-
j gency ? If the Federal Government shall refuse Kansas, or
! any other Territory presenting itself for admission mto the
! Union as a State, because said Territory presents a consti-
tution similar, if not identical, vvitli that of Grorsin, that
'] then Georgia, in convention, will take steps to protect lier-
\ self and her institutions; i:> a word, cut her connection
j with the Union. It", however, Georgia shows a determina-
tion, a fixed purpose, to carry out the recommendations of
I the Government, the cnntinsrneira will not arise.
" I expect to be a citizen of Kansas; and if Kansas pre-
sentslierself legitimately, having all the qualifications tor a
State, and is rejected because her constitution recognizes
and protects slavery, then, as a citizen of Kansas, 1 will
contend that Kansas is a State, sovereign and independent,
out of the Union."
In the same letter he says:
" Kansas and Missouri have the same latitude, climate,
and soil, and should have the same institutions," &c.
I will not read further from this letter, because
I wish simply to place the facts before the Senate
as they are, and I have read enough for that
purpose. I have read what Mr. Atchison says.
Well, sir, it is a fact, I believe not denied—at
least the President of the United States in the
message, from which I sliall^read presently, does
not deny it—that wrongs have been committed
in Kansas. Before coming to that point, how-
ever, I wish to read an extract from a speech
made by Governor Reeder, at Easton, Pennsyl-
j vania, published in the Washinton Union on the
! 6th of May last. He was then Governor of Kan-
sas, and after this speech was made he went back
as Governor to Kansas:
" It was, indeed, too true that Kansas had been invaded,
conquered, subjugated by armod forces from beyond her
borders, led on by a fanatical spirit, trampling under foot
I the principles of the Kansas bill and the right of suffrage."
Then the President knew that the individual
whom he sent there to sustain the laws and main-
tain the authority of the United States, came home
and told him and told the country that Kansas
was a conquered country; that his authority was
derided; that she had been invaded and overrun.
That fact came to the knowledge of the Presi-
dent; but the Senator from Connecticut, speaking
for the President, says, that he has omitted no
duty, because there was no state of facts which
would authorize his interference. I do not know
that there was; for I do not exactly know what
is necessary in order to justify an interference on
the part of the President of the United States.
But here was a case where the right of suffrage
was manifestly invaded—where the citizens of a
Territory were prevented from exercising their
legitimate control at the ballot-box in virtue of,
and in pursuance of, the provisions of the Consti-
tution. Their Territory was overrun and con-
quered; and yet it is said there was nothing
calling on the President to interfere.
Now, sir, I will call the attention of the Senate
and the country to a case in which the President
did interfere. I have before me the authentic
record of a case lately argued before the Supreme
Court of the State of Massachusetts, and amongst
the printed documents of that case was a tele-
graphic dispatch received from the President of
the United States, which I will read. There was,
in due course of law, an attempt made to return a
fugitive slave from the city of Boston to the city
of Alexandria, Virginia. The case was going
on, in due course of law, in the city of Boston,
in the State of Massachusetts, and the President
interfered by a telegraphic dispatch to the Federal
officials in Boston: " Incur any expense deemed
necessary by the marshal and yourself for city
military, or otherwise, to insure the execution of
the law. (Signed) Franklin Pierce." This was
directed to « B. F. Hallett, United States Attor-
ney. Well, sir, does the President of the United
btates consider that the return of a fugitive slave
is paramount to preserving to the people the free
exercise of the right of suffrage ? Does the fact
tnat a whole Territory was invaded, and every one
of its citizens prevented from exercising the legit-
imate right of suffrage at the polls, constitute no
case in which the President should interfere for
their protection ? And yet, when there was a
slave to be returned, the President of the United
btates would not trust to the ordinary modes of
communication, but telegraphed to his officials
that the Treasury was wide open for them. " Put
your arms in up to the elbow, help yourselves;
