840
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
April 9,
to come here with a stereotyped affair—-I hardly
know what to call it—asking that we may gravely
admit him on an equality as a Senator in ihis
body by the admission of Kansas?
Sir, there is agraver view of this subject. This
paper has been sent here to be filed on your rec-
ords, and it is placed there already, I suppose; and
now we are asked, in violation of our own rules,
to print the document. There is a rule upon this
subject which I ask the Secretary to read.
1 he Secretary read the following extract from
the 34th rule, which provides for the appoint-
ment of the standing committees:
" A Committee on Printing, to consist of three members,
to whom shall be referred eveiy question on the printing of
documents, repoits, or other matter transmitted by either
of the Executive Departments, and all memorials, petitions,
accompanying documents, together with all other matter,
the printing of" which shall be moved, excepting bills origin-
ating in Congress, resolutions offered by any Senator, com-
munications from the Legislatures or conventions, lawfully
called, of the respective States, and motions to punt by
order of the standing committees of the Senate ; and ex-
cepting, also, messages and other communications from the
President of the United States, and such reports and com-
munications from the heads of Departments as may be
made to Congress, or to tlie Senate, m obedience to law,
or in answer to calls from the Senate."
Mr. BUTLER. Now, I have a right to ask
any Senator presenting a paper of this kind and
moving that it be printed, to tell me to what class
of eases mentioned in the rule is it referrable. It
certainly is not a bill. It is not a resolution
offered by the Senator from Michigan. It is not
a report of one of the standing committees. It
is certainly not a resolution coming from one of
the State Legislatures. It is not the proceedings
of a convention lawfully called and duly held
within the borders of one of the States. It is
surely not referrable to that class of communica-
tions, which pass between the executive and
legislative departments of this Government. Then
to what class does the gentleman choose to reduce
it? ,It is not a petition, and yet it is to be printed,
on the motion of the Senator from Michigan, in
violation of an express rule. We are to make
a breach- in the rules of the Senate, to let an
intruder assert a right to a place in this Senate,
to which he is not entitled, unless you adopt the
acts of usurpation. The very worst fonn in
which the rule can be violated is the mode now
proposed. I shall content myself with protesting
against it and bringing it to the view of the
country. I do not believe in accommodating
masses of people in violation of rule. Tt may lie,
sir, that the Sol Orient is to be preferred to the
Sol Occident, and that the so-called State of Kan-
sas is to loom up into the dignity of an empire
under these auspices and by our assistance. It
may be that it will be a free State by these ap-
pliances and agencies. I shall have no objection
to its coming here as a non-slaveliolding, or a
slaveholdmg State,*if it comes in honestly at the
right time, and does not climb over the wall, or
under it. I want none of jour creeping intruders
into the Senate of the Ijnited States—none of
your boisterous violations of constitutions and
of right. I shall vote against this motion on
every ground.
Mr. MASON. Mr. President, I have been
always disposed to treat memorials and petitions
coming to the Senate from any citizen of the
United States alone, or jointly with other citizens,
with entire respect. But I really think that not
merely the Senate's respect for itself, but the re-
spect which wo owe to the institutions of the
country, require that this petition should not be
received.
Mr. BUTLER.. It has been received; but I
was not here at the time.
Mr. MASON. I do not know what is the
present stage ot it, for I was not here when it was
presented. I understand that it has been offered,
and a motion has been made to print it. If it be
in Order, I move that the petition be notreceived.
If that motion be not in order, we must dispose
of it in some other way.
The PRESIDENT. The memorial has been
received, and the question is on printing it.
Mr. MASON. That being its condition, I shall
move that it be ordered to lie on the table. The
petition m its terms imports that certain residents,
occupants ol the public lands belonging to the
whole country, ill utter disregard of the authority
of the Congress of the United States, and in con-
tempt of that authority, present themselves to
the Senate, claiming to be a separate and inde-
pendent political community. I do not know
what the contents of the petition are, for I hfeve
not read it; but the signers to it assert their char-
acter to be " senators and representatives in the
General Assembly of the State of Kansas, now
in session." Now, I submit to the Senate and to
the country, that this is not a disrespect alone to
the Senate, but it is a disrespect to the institutions
of the country; because they claim, in derogation
of the laws of the land, to be a separate political
community. I cannot vote to give it any coun-
tenance whatever; and I therefore move that it
lie oil the table.
Mr. SEWARD. Will the honorable Senator
from "Virginia allow me to say a word ?
Mr. MASON. I withdraw the motion for the
purpose of debate; but I take it for granted that
the motion will be renewed.
Mr. SEWARD. I wish to say a few words
on this question.
Mr. TOOMBS. I move that we proceed to
the order of the day, if there is to be a discussion
on this matter.
The PRESIDENT. The hour for the special
order having arrived, the Seriate will now proceed
to its consideration, unless otherwise ordered by
the Senate. This subject must be postponed until
to-morrow morning.
KANSAS AFFAIRS.
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole,
resumed the consideration of the bill (S. No 172)
to authorize the people of the Territory of Kansas
to form a constitution and State government, pre-
paratory to their admission into the Union, when
they have the requisite population.
Mr. SEWARD delivered an elaborate speech
in favor of the admission of Kansas under the
State constitution presented by the free-State
party of that Territory. [The speech will be
found in the Appendix.]
Mr. CLAY. Mr. President, I desire to submit
some remarks on this subject; but I understand
that there is one special order for to-morrow,
indeed, two; and Friday is private bill day. I
move, therefore, to postpone the further consid-
eration of the bill until Monday next, at one
o'clock, and that it be the special order of the
day for that hour.
Mr.DOUGLAS. If the bill isto be postponed
until that time, I desire to notify the Senate that
I shall then feel it to be my duty to urge on the
debate as steadily as I can, until we shall be able
to obtain a vote upon the bill. I do not think it
is necessary to consume the whole session in the
discussion of a bill of this kind. I do not mean
to cut olf the debate; but I wish to intimate to
Senators, that after a while I shall feel compelled
to ask for an understanding, fixing the time at
which a vote may be taken on the bill, and not
have it postponed from week to week.
Mr. BUTLER. What is the special order for
to-morrow?
The PRESIDENT. The bill to amend an act
entitled " An act to promote the efficiency of the
Navy;" and the resolutions of the Senator from
Georgia, [Mr. Iverson,] in relation to the pro-
ceedings of the naval board.
Mr. STUART. Are not the river and harbor
bills the special order prior to that subject ?
The PRESIDENT. The resolutions and bill
stated by the Chair have been left among the un-
finished business, and therefore, according to the
rule of the Senate, have priority.
Mr. STUART. They have not been called
up for many days.
The PRESIDENT. The Senate adjourned
with those resolutions pending.
Mr. STUART. But that was many days a "*o.
The PRESIDENT. That is true; but the Sen-
ate have taken up the business which has been
I under discussion to-day by a special vote,
j Mr. STUART. The understanding has been,
I that, so soon as the Senator from Missouri [Mr.
IGeker] and the Senator from New York [Mr.
| Seward] should have concluded their remarks on
the Kansas question, the Senate would take up
for consideration the river and harbor bills, which
had been postponed for that purpose. I shall
feel it my duty to-morrow to insist on bringing
that business before the Senate, unless the body,
by a vote, shall otherwise order.
The PRESIDENT. It will be in the power]
of the Senate, as a matter of course, to change the
order of the various bills which are now special
orders. The question now before the Senate is
on the motion of the Senator from Alabama to
postpone the further consideration of the bill until
Monday next, and make it the special order for
that day, at one o'clock.
Mr. SUMNER. There are already two spe-
cial orders for Monday next—one on the motion
of the Senator from Virginia, [Mr. Mason,] and
the other on the motion of the Senator from Cali-
fornia, [Mr. Weller,] the latter relating to the
Pacific railroad.
Mr. MASON. I am not sufficiently convers-
ant with the rules of the Senate to know how
the special orders stand in relation to each other.
At my instance, the Senate, a few days since,
made the report of the Committee on Foreign
Relations, on a resolution offered by the Senator
from Massachusetts, [Mr. Sumner,] in regard to
the Danish Sound dues, the special order for Mon-
day next. Will it come up as a matter of course
on that day, or will this proposed special order
take preference of it?
The PRESIDENT. The first order for that
day will take precedence unless there be unfin-
ished business on which the Senate shall, in the
mean while, have adjourned.
Mr. MASON. If it will be equally agreeable
to the Senator from Alabama, I would suggest to
him to name Tuesday.
Mr. CLAY. I have no objection to that.
Mr. SUMNER. I think there is another spe-
cial order for Tuesday. [Oh, no.] Such is my
impression.
Mr. Clay's motion was agreed to; and the fur-
ther consideration of the subject was postponed
until Tuesday next, and made the special order
for one o'clock on that day.
NAVAL RETIRING BOARD.
Mr. HOUSTON. I have some reply to make
to the remarks of the two Senators from Dela-
ware on the question of the action of the naval
board. The Senate has not usually been in the
habit of sitting on Friday, and I hope it will ex-
tend to me the couitesy of sitting on next Friday,
for the purpose of allowing me to answer those
gentlemen. I shall not be able to be in the Cham
ber to-morrow; and I therefore desire to give
notice now, if it is contemplated to adjourn over
from to-morrow until Monday, that I desire to
submit some remarks on Friday, and I hope,
therefore, that the Senate will sit on that day.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I will inform the honora-
ble Senator from Texas that it was pretty well
understood amongst us all during this morning
that Friday next should be appropriated to pri-
vate business. We have not yet devoted a single
day of the session to that business; and it was
understood, during the morning hour to-day, that
we should meet on Friday, as wo have done for
the last two or tlfree weeks, and should appro-
priate that day to the consideration of private bills.
For myself, I shall, with great pleasure, consent
to sit on Saturday, to hear the honorable Senator
from Texas on the subject of the action of the
naval board.
Mr. HOUSTON. If the Senate will agree to
sit on Saturday, I shall have no objection. That
will enable me to accomplish my purpose.
Mr. FOOT. I desire also to suggest to the
Senator from Texas that private bills have aheady
been made the special order for Friday. I hope
no other business will intrude on the attention of
the Senate to the exclusion of the Private Calen-
dar on that day. I am entirely willing, as a mem-
ber of the body, to sit on Saturday, and listen,
with interest, as I always do, to the honorable
Senator from Texas.
Mr. HOUSTON. I thank the gentleman. If
gentlemen have committee business to attend to
on Saturday, which will prevent their being pres-
ent, I shall not require their attendance. If, how-
ever, the Senate will agree to sit on Saturday, it
would be a great accommodation, as it would
afford me an opportunity to submit my reply on
the question of the naval board. I cannot be in
the Senate to-morrow, as there is some business
which will require my presence elsewhere, and
therefore I desire to have it understood that I
shall have the floor on Saturday.
On motion by Mr. STUART, the Senate ad-
journed.
