1856.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1715
Mr. STEPHENS. I answer the gentlemen,
certainly. The case ought to have been closed
long before it was closed. Butwhatare the facts?
The committee were requested, on the 3d of
April, to examine this witness, and their report
was not made until the 18th of April. The case
was open for three weeks after the request was
made, and how can gentlemen rise up here and
tell us that they could not examine the witness,
because the case was closed? How could the
sitting Delegate bring the matter before the House
other than as an ex parte statement? There was no
other way in which the matter could be brought
before the House.
Now, in reply to the gentleman from Virginia,
[Mr. Millson,] I will say that, upon advisement,
the sitting Delegate sent to the secretary of the
Territory, and here are the original papers—here
are papers certified to and under the seal of the
Territory, showing the returns from the Archer
and Henry Abrams precincts, in Richardson
county. They have been received since Sharp's
testimony was taken, and confirm that testimony
in every particular.
Mr. MILLSON. I did not intend to express
any opinion whether the deposition of Sharp was
an ex parte one or not; for in the view which I
take of the question it made no difference whether
the deposition had been taken on notice, or with-
out notice. The question 1 asked the gentleman
from Georgia was this: whether the territorial
canvassers have excluded altogether the returns
from the Archer and Henry Abrams precincts ?
Now I want to know if there was any evidence
on record before the committee to show that,
notwithstanding the exclusion of these votes,
they were legal votes, and that the election was
legally held ? I understood the gentleman to say
that there was no evidence to show that these
elections were legally held.
Mr. STEPHENS. There was not.
Mr. MILLSON. Then it was of no sort of
consequence whether the deposition was taken
with notice or without notice, I think.
Mr. STEPHENS. There is no evidence to
show that theseelectionswerelegallyheld. Here
are the returns from the Salem and the Henry
Abrams precincts, and also from that celebrated
precinct, Archer, in which the whole number of
votes given in that precinct was forty-six, and
from which it appears conclusively that Sharp's
testimony was true, and that these nineteen votes
were included in the count of seventy-six.
Mr. PURVIANCE. I wish to know whether
this evidence, together with the affidavit of Sharp,
was received and adopted as evidence by the com-
puttee ?
Mr. STEPHENS. It was not, and I so stated
to the House. The committee closed their ex-
amination; and although they were notified by
the sitting Delegate of his wish to examine this
witness, they did not do it. They closed their
door—they closed their report; and I offer this
testimony to the House now under the broad
seal of the Territory.
Mr. WATSON. I state to the gentleman that
the committee had closed their deliberations; they
had decided the case; and the sitting Delegate had
been notified of their decision before there was
any talk about this deposition of Sharp.
Mr. STEPHENS. Well, sir, all I have got
to say is that I do not know how that may have
been. I was not here prior to the time when the
report was made. But the report was not made
until the 18th of April, and I think the commit-
tee had good cause to reconsider their action. I
think that Mr. Sharp swears to the truth. I think
that Chapman is clearly entitled to a seat on this
floor as Delegate from Nebraska. So believing I
shall so vote.
In compliance with my promise to the gentle-
man from Vermont I now renew the call for the
previous question.
The previous question was seconded; and ihe
main question was ordered to be put.
The resolutions were read.
Mr. STEPHENS demanded a separate vote
on the resolutions, and the yeas and nays on the
first one.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. CHAPMAN, the sitting Delegate, and
Mr. BENNET, the contestant, then addressed
the House, under the leave unanimously granted.
Their speeches will appear in the Appendix.
Before Mr. B. had quite consumed the hour
allotted to him,
Mr. SNEED said: With the permission of
the contestant, if he will yield me the floor for
that purpose, I will move that the House do
now adjourn, so that he can conclude' his re-
marks in the morning.
The SPEAKER. The time to which the con-
testant is entitled, under the rules of the House,
has expired.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio. I hope the time
of the contestant will be extended, and that he
will be allowed to go on and finish his speech.
[Cries of "No!" "No!"]
Mr. WAKEMAN. The same privilege was
granted to Mr. Allen in the election case recently
decided by the House, and it seems to me that it
is but fair that it should be extended in this case.
Mr. HARLAN. If this privilege is granted
now, it must be granted other gentlemen also.
I think the debate had, perhaps, better close. I
therefore object.
Mr. SNEED. It is due to myself to say that
when I asked the gentleman from Nebraska to
yield for a motion to adjourn, I did not do it with
the intention of depriving him of the floor. I
supposed, of course, that, inasmuch as the privi-
lege had been granted to other gentlemen to ex-
tend their speeches beyond an hour, in similar
cases, it would be granted now. I think it is
only right and proper that it should be granted.
Mr. BENNET. With the permission of the
House, I will print the additional remarks which
I proposed to make.
No objection was made.
Mr. SNEED. 1 now move that the House
adjourn.
The SPEAKER. Before the question is taken
on the motion to adjourn, the Chair asks leave
of the House to present reports from the Court
of Claims.
The reports were received, and disposed of as
required by the rules.
Mr. SNEED. I withdraw the motion to ad-
journ.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio. I again ask the
consent of the House to introduce the resolution
proposed by the gentleman from Mississippi this
morning, relative to holding an evening session
for the purpose of general debate.
Objection was made.
Mr. HOUSTON. What has become of this
contested-election case ?
The SPEAKER. It is still pending, but was
interrupted by a motion to adjourn.
Mr. HOUSTON. Let us vote on it now.
Mr. TODD. I renew the motion to adjourn.
Mr. CRAWFORD called for tellers upon the
motion.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Crawford
and Todd were appointed.
The question was taken; and the tellers reported
—ayes 42, noes 75.
So the House refused to adjourn.
Mr. BARKSDALE again asked the consent of
the House to offer his resolution relative to hold-
ing evening sessions.
Mr. BENNETT, of New York, objected.
Mr. BARKSDALE. I appeal to the gentle-
man to withdraw his objection. No one need
attend the evening sessions unless he pleases.
Mr. BENNETT. I cannot withdraw it. I
want to vote upon this contested-election case.
Mr. McMULLIN. 'I appeal to the House to
adjourn now, and not force us to vote on the res-
olution this evening. Gentlemen must see that
the House is thin.
Mr. WAKEMAN. The absent members have
all paired off.
Mr. McMULLIN. No, sir, they have not all
paired off.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I appeal to the
House to vote now upon the resolution before us.
Mr. McMULLIN. I move a call of the
House.
The SPEAKER. The motion is not in order,
the House having ordered the main question.
Mr. McMULLIN. I move to lay the resolu-
tions on the table, and upon that motion I demand
the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
The question was taken; and the House re-
fused to iay the resolutions on the table.
Mr. BURNETT. 1 move that the House do
now adjourn; and on that motion I call for tel-
lers.
Tellers were not ordered.
The question was then taken; and the motion
was disagreed to. ,
The question was then taken on the first reso-
lution; and it was decided in the negative—yeas
63, nays 69; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Albright, Barbour, Henry Bennett, Ben-
son, Billingliurst, Bradshaw, Brenton, Baffinton, Lewis D.
Campbell, Chaffee, Clawson, Colfax, Comins, Cragin,
Cumback, Timothy Davis, Dean, Dick, Dodd, Durfee,
Emrie, Flagler, Giddings, Granger, Harlan, Haven, Valen-
tine B. Horton, Kelsey, King, Knapp, Knight, Knowlton,
Knox, Leiter, Matteson, Killian Miller, Morgan. Morrill,
Munay, Norton, Parker, Pelton, Pennington, Perry, Purvi-
ance, Kobbins, Roberts, Sabm, Sage, Sapp, Sherman,
Spinner, Stariton, Tappan, Tfoorington, Trafton, Wake-
man, Waibridge, Bllihu Jl. Washburne, Israel Washburn,
Watson, Wood, and Woodworth—63.
NAYS—Messrs. Aiken, Barksdale, Bell, Hendiey S.
Bennett, Branch, Broom, Burnett, Cadwalader, Caruthers,
Caskie, Williamson It. W. Cobb, Craige, Crawford, Cullen,
Damrell, Davidson, Denver, Dowdell, Dunn, Edmundson,
Edwards, Eustis, Gooile, Greenwood, Thomas L. Harris,
Harrison, Houston, Jewett, George W. Jones, J. Glancy
Jones, Kelly, Kidweli, Lake, Letclier, Lumpkin, Samuel
S. Marshall, Maxwell, MeMulJin, McQueen, Smith Miller,
Millson, Moore, Packer, Peek, Pettit, Phelps, Pringle,
1'uryear, Quitman, Ready, Ricaud, Rutfin, Savage, Scott,
Shorter, Samuel A.. Smith, William Smith, Sneed, Ste-
phens, Stewart, Talbott, Taylor, Thurston, Trippe, War-
ner, Watkins, Wells, Daniel B. Wright, and John V.
Wright—69.
So the resolution was disagreed to.
Pending the above call,
Mr. BARKSDALE said that he had paired off
with Mr. Davis, of Massachusetts.
Mr. BINGHAM stated that he had paired off
with Mr. Hoffman.
Mr. STEWART stated that his colleague, Mr.
Bowie, had paired off with Mr. Woodruff.
Mr. MILLER, of Indiana, stated that his col-
league, Mr. English, had paired off with Mr.
Galloway.
Mr. EVANS stated that he had paired off with
Mr. Mott.
Mr. GILBERT stated that he had paired off
with Mr. Smith, of Alabama.
Mr. RICAUD stated that his colleague, Mr.
Hawris, had paired off with Mr. Horton, of New
York.
Mr. STRANAHAN stated that he had paired
off with Mr. Clingman.
Mr. DUNN stated that Mr. Meacham had
paired off with Mr. Valk.
Mr. WALBRIDGE stated that his colleague,
Mr. Waldron, had paired off with Mr. Camp-
bell, of Kentucky.
Mr. McCARTY stated he had paired off with
Mr. Underwood.
Mr. PIKE stated he had paired off with Mr.
Vail.
Mr. READY stated that his colleague [Mr.
Etheridge] had paired off with Mr. Robbins.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I move that
the House do now adjourn.
Mr. CADWALADER. I rise to a privileged
question. I move to reconsider the vote by which
the resolution that Mr. Chapman was not entitled
to a seat on this floor was rejected; and also
move that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The SPEAKER. The motion will be entered.
The question was taken on Mr. Washbokne's
motion, and it was agreed to; and thereupon the
House (at five o'clock, p. m.) adjourned until
to-morrow, at eleven o'clock, a. m.
IN SENATE.
Wednesday, July 23, 1856.
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. Henry C. Dean.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
REPORT FROM THE COURT OF CLAIMS.
The PRESIDENT pro tekpore laid before th«
Senate a report of the Court of Claims, made in
pursuance of law, of the opinions of that court
' on the claim of William Neil and others, and the
claim of H. L. Thistle, and the decisions of the
court in favor of the claim of Thomas M. New-
ell, and the claim of Gibbons & Kelly, accom-
panied by a bill for the relief of Thomas M.
Newell, and a bill for the relief of Francis A.
Gibbons and Francis X. Kelly.
The report was, on motion of Mr. Broshead,
referred to the Committee on Claims.
