1856.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
105
34th Cong.... 1st Sess.
Kansas Affairs—Mr. Hale.
Senate.
the Federal Treasury is at your service." They
did it prettv liberally, too, and I believe they were
not satisfied until they had taken something over
$30,000 of the funds of the Federal Treasury to
send back one negro. Although the President
may thus interfere, and although the Federal
Treasury may be put at the mercy of the officials
of this Government in the city of Boston, yet
■when the peaceable inhabitants of a Territory are
invaded and conquered, and the ballot-box made
to give way to the cartridge-box, without any-
thing: being done by him to prevent it, we are
told that the President has done all his duty,and
is entitled to the commendation of the country;
and his friends here come forward—it seems to
me with some temerity, to say tha least—and
challenge the approbation of the Senate and of
the country.
What followed the result of the invasion of
Kansas—this going over of Missourians, as ad-
mitted and as shown ? A law was passed; and I
will read you that law, although it has been al-
ready read twice:
" If any person print, write, Introduce into, or publish,
or circulate, or cause to be brought into, printed, written,
published, or circulated, or shall knowingly aid or assiSt in
brinsing into, printing, publishing, or circulating within the
Territory, any book, paper, pamphlet, magazine, hand-bill,
or circular, containing any statements, arguments, opinion,
sentiment, doctrine, advice, or innuendo, calculated to pro-
duce a disorderly, dangerous, or rebellious disaffection
among the slaves "in this Territory, or to induce such slaves
to escape from the service of their masters, or to resist their
authority, shall be guilty of a felony, and be punished by
imprisonment, at hard labor, for a term of not less than five
years"—
—but as much longer as the judge sees fit. The
honorable Senator from Tennessee, [Mr. Jones,]
in commenting upon this law, finds a little fault
with it. He thinks it is not quite severe enough,
but he says it ought to have been a penalty of
death, and that every one offending against its
provisions ought to be hung on a very high gal-
lows—one as high as that old gallows on which
Haman was hung. But, let us suppose the law
to remain as it is; and let us suppose that a court
was organized in the Territory of Kansas for the
trial of offenders against this law: what would be
done with a man who was found with a docu-
ment in his pocket, reading in this way ?—
" The southern people have no right—natural, moral,
or political—to enforce slavery upon the new Territories.
They have no more right to go there and hold slaves, than
they have todosoin New Hampshire. The slaveholders
have no more right to plant slavery upon free ter-
ritory than wk have to abolish slavery in south
Carolina."
Do you not think that would amount to an
"innuendo," to say the least of it? Who is the 1
author of that sentiment? The editor of the
New Hampshire Patriot. It is not one of his
post mortem remains, but was published as late
as the 28th of December, 1848. That is the dec-
laration of the New Hampshire Patriot; and I
suppose all of us know the relation which that
paper sustains to the present Executive of the
United States. If any Senator does not, he may
find that one of his first official acts, after he was
elected President, was to present to this editor
a gold-headed cane, in token of the very high esti-
mation in which he held him, and the manner in
which he had discharged his duties. Do you not
think a man ought to take five years for that?
Would it not come up to p.n " innuendo, or advice,
oropinion?" That was in 1848. Nowletmego
back one year. Suppose a man should be tried
under this law, and this document were found
in his nnsspsaion ?•
"Resolved, That we declare it oursolemn conviction,
as the Democratic party have heretofore done, that neither
slavery nor involuntary servitude should hereafter exist in
any territory which may be acquired by or annexed to the
United States; and that we approve of the votes of our
delegation in Congress in favor of the Wilmot proviso."
What is that ? One of the resolutions passed
at the Democratic State Convention of New
Hampshire, in October, 1847. It must have been
• a hard dose for them, for I was one of those Sen-
ators whom they were thanking for voting for
the Wilmot proviso. Who were the committee
f that produced this resolution. I will read some
of their names. Amongst the gentlemen who re-
ported that resolution was " John S, Wells," the
President's captain-general and standard-bearer,
who is stumping the State of New Hampshire
for the officc of Governor to-day. He has some
hopes of being elected, but I think more fears of
being defeated, in about two weeks.
. Another member of the committee that repprted
this resolution was Joseph H. Smith, A highly
respectable gentleman of my own village. The
President has shown his appreciation of Doctor
Smith's patriotism, judgment, and politics, by
appointing him to the highly important office of
inspector of drugs in the city of Boston, with a
salary of $1,000 a year.
Another gentleman whose name I find among
those who reported this resolution was Samuel
Swasey. The President had such a high appre-
ciation of his services, that he thought he must
go a little higher than an inspector of drugs, and
he was therefore appointed inspector and meas-
urer at Portsmouth, with a compensation of over
$1,200 a year. I also find upon the committee
who reported this resolution the name of another
gentleman—Charles H. Peaslee, who has been
rewarded by the President with the'very lucra-
tive office of " collector of the customs and su-
perintendent of light-houses," for the port of
Boston, with a salary of $6,400.
Weil, sir, what do you suppose the New
Hampshire Patriot said about the resolution which
I have read, that was submitted by those gentle-
men. In an article in that paper of November 4,
1847, it said:
" We never read a more able, eloquent, and appropriate
series of resolutions adopted upon any occasion; and there
is one fact in this connection worthy of notice: These res-
olutions were adopted unanimously by the very able com-
mittee of twenty, after much deliberation, and were unan-
imously adopted by the convention. And we put them
forth as the deliberate and mature convictions of the
Democracy of this State."
How long shall these fellows take, sir? Will
five years be enough ? Certainly that goes beyond
an '' innuendo;"it must come up to an " opinion.''
[Laughter.] That, you perceive, was in 1847.
What next? In 1848—thesemgn were inveterate
sinners — [laughter]—the Legislature of New
Hampshire, with an overwhelming Democratic
majority, passed the following resolution unani-
mously:
" Resolved by the Senate and House of Representatives in
General Court convened, That we are in favor of the passage
of a law, by Congress, forever prohibiting slavery in New
Mexico and California, and in all other territories now
acquired, or hereafter to be acquired, by the United States,
in which slavery does not exist at the time of such acqui-
sition."
To how long a term of imprisonment, under the
law which I have read, ought they to be sentenced
for that? This was in 1848. Perhaps it will be
said they began then to reform. Let us see. In
1849, these resolutions were passed unanimously
by the New Hampshire Legislature:
" Resoleei fry the Senate mid House of Representatives in
General Court convened, That, opposed to every form of op -
pression, the people of New Hampshire have ever viewed
with deep regret the existence of slavery in this Union; that
while they have steadfastly supported all sections in their
constitutional right1!, tliey have not only lamented its exist-
ence as a great social evil, but regarded it as fraught with
danger t > the peace and welfare of the nation.
" Resolved, That while wc respect the rights of the slave-
holding as well as the free portions of this Union—while .
we will not willingly consent that wrong be done to any :
member of the glorious Confederacy to which we belong, ]
we are firmly and unalterably opposed to the exten- i
sion of slavery over any portion of American soil
now free.
" Resolved, That in our opinion, Congress has the con-
stitutional power to abolish the slave trade and
slavery in the District of Columbia; and "that our Sen-
ators be instructed, and our Representatives be re-
quested, to take all constitutional measures to ac-
complish these objects.
SAMUEL H. AYER,
Speaker of the House of Representatives.
WILLIAM P. WEEKS, President of the Senate.
SAMUEL DIN3MORE, Governor."
Who do you suppose introduced that proposi-
tion? Mr. Clement. And do you suppose that
merit like his has been passed over by the Presi-
dent? No, sir; but he has been appointed by the
present President collector and superintendent of
light-houses for the district of Portsmouth, and
agent of the marine hospital there._ Mr. Cle-
ment determined to put an end to this continual
passing of resolutions. He said to himself, what
is the use of that? Here you are passing reso-
lutions year after year on this "subject. Now,
said he, let us have done with it, and let us de-
clare to all the world and to all time that wc are
unalterable. Other things may change; we never.
We live in a granite State; our everlasting hills
tower up higher than the elouds; they may crum-
ble and fall, but the New Hampshire Democracy
are unalterable; they will never turn. [Laughter.]
And their unalterable position is, that they are
" opposed to the extension of slavery over any
portion of American soil now free." I hat was
in 1849. What did the New Hampshire Patriot,
the mouth-piece of the President, say then in
regard to the subject? On the 26th of July, 1849,
speaking of the doctrine of squatter sovereignty,
then recently broached in a celebrated letter:
" The Democracy of the North nerer did indorse the doc-
trine, and they never will. The Democracy of this State
are unanimous in the opinion, so Car as we know, that
Congress has and should exercise the power, and
exclude slavery from California and New Mexico."
So far as they knew, then, there was nota man
in New Hampshire who did not entertain these
opinions. Did General Pierce entertain them?
Why, sir, he was chairman of the Democratic
State central committee during all this time; and
he was the New Hampshire Democracy. It is
idle to say, therefore, that he did not entertain
these views. Again, the same paper says:
" Ever since the question of the extension of slavery to
free territory was first broached, the Democrats of New
Hampshire have opposed such extension. They have oc-
cupicd but one ground upon the subject. In office and out,
their united voice has been raised in behalf of the doctrine,
that territory now free, should ever remain so.
Their Representatives in Congress have uniformly so voted,
their Legislature has repeatedly so resolved, their conven-
tions have constantly so declared, their newspapers have
alway3 so spoken, their candidates have uniformly so ex-
pressed themselves, and their speakers have at ail times
and in all places so proclaimed. This has been, and now
is, the gtound upon which they stand; and tiiey wilt,
support no man who is not sound upon this question."
This was said on the 1st of March, 1849; but
was the President of the United States cognizant
of these opinions? Was he part and parcel of
the Democracy that entertained these sentiments?
Suppose you say—"This is not fair, this is a
criminal trial; five years imprisonment in the pen-
itentiary is the punishment for promulgating such
sentiments, and it is not fair to send the President
of the United States there, without some more di-
rect testimony; this will notanswer." Verv well,
sir; then I will read you an extract from General
Pierce's speech, made at the North Church, in
Concord, on the 5th of June, 1845, as reported
in the New Hampshire Patriot, of June 12, 1845,
fpurporting to be in reply to one John P. Hale.
Laughter.] General Pierce said:
" He had only to say now, what he had always said"—
—You perceive, sir, the Democracy of New
Hampshire never change: they always profess
the same thing—
—" He had only to say now, what he had always said, that
he regarded slavery as one of the greatest morlt
and social evils—a curse upon tiie whole country,
and this iie bei.ieved to be the sentiment of all mem
of all parties at the north."
Ought he to get five years' imprisonment for
that? [Laughter.] Again:
"Mr. P. was free to admit, that he had himself ap-
proached this subject of annexation [of Texas] with all
his prejudices and prepossessions against it, and on one
ground alone—its slavery feature. His convictions
oil thi3 subject were, as lie had stated, strong—not the result
of any new light"—
—Oh, no, sir! the President is no new light—
—" but deeply fixed and abiding. The only difficult*
in his mind ever had been that of a recognition by
any new act of our government of the institu-
tion of domestic slavery, and he had found it extremely
difficult to bring his mind to a condition impartially to
weigh the argument for and against theineasure."
That was in 1845, and therefore might come
under the definition of a post mortem examination.
It is ten years old; but I will take him at a later
period. In 1851, there was a constitutional con-
vention held at Concord, New Hampshire, for
the purpose of revising the constitution of that
State, and General Pierce was president of it.
On one occasion he left the chair, and made a
speech, which was reported in the New Hamp-
shire Patriot, in which I find this:
" 1 would take the ground of the non-extension of
slavery—that slavery should not become stronger.
But Congress have only reenacted the old law of 1793.
Union-loving men, desiring peace and loving their coun-
try, conceded that point—unwillingly conceded it, and
planting themselves upon this law against the outbursts of
popular feeling, resisted the agitation which is assaulting all
who stand up for their country. But the gentleman says
that the law is obnoxious. What single thing is therb
connected with slavery that is not obnoxious i svelt
