106
appendix to the congressional globe.
[February 28,
Senate.
THE GENTLEMAN FROM MARLBORO' [Dr. ,C,AN~
HOT FEEL MORE DEEPLY THAN 1 DO ON THIS S
The Dr. Batchellar here alluded to was one of
the most prominent Abolitionists in the State a
member of the constitutional convention; and
General Pierce said he could not feel the evils of
slavery more than he himself did. That is cer-
tainly a " sentiment;" it is something more than
an "innuendo." Now, sir, suppose some faithful
patriot, wishing to be booked up m the soundest
politics of the country, should go to Kansas ana
unwittingly take some of these documents with
him, and suppose they should be found in his
pocket: could anything less than live years im-
prisonment be inflicted on him; and might he not
feel that he was under great obligations to the
clemency of the court if they let him off with
that? The only limit is, that the punishment
shall not be less than five years' imprisonment,
but may be as much more as the court please.
But, sir, I will leave General Pierce. Suppose
some unfortunate wight—one of those three thou-
sand clergymen for instance, about whom so
much was said—should stray into Kansas with
some little volume for his solitary reading in his
pocket: and the constable should find it and open
it and read this: " He that stealeth a man and
selleth him, or ifhe be found in his hand, he shall
surely be put to death." (Exodus, ch. 21, v. 16.)
I do not say what that means; but in the hands
of an uneducated black man might it not have a
tendency to produce a " dangerous disaffection;"
and if so, would it not come within the condem-
nation of this law?
Again, sir: suppose he did not take the whole
Bible, but only took the New Testament; and
suppose he should there read as follows: " The
spirit of the Lord is upon me, because he hath
anointed me to preach the gospel to the poor: he
hath sent me to heal the broKen-hearted, to preach
deliverance to the captives, and recovering of
sight to the blind, to set at liberty those who are
bruised." (Luke, ch. 4, v. 18.) I do not say
what the meaning of this is; but might it not with
an uneducated black man have a tendency to pro-
duce "dangerous disaffection," within the mean-
ing of the statute which I have read?
Again: " Thou shalt not deliver unto his mas-
ter the servant which is escaped from his master
unto thee: he shall dwell with thee, even among
you, in that place which he shall choose in one of
thy gates, where it liketh him best; thou shalt not
oppress him." (Deuteronomy, ch. 23, vs. 15
and 18.) I do not give any meaning to this; but
1 only suggest whether this is not dangerous
Ktuff to put into the hands of uneducated men,
and whether it might not have a tendency to pro-
duce a " dangerous disaffection?" Would not a
nian be subject to the condemnation of this law
who should be found with any such document as
this in his pocket ? The Senator from Tennessee
said the provision of the law was not severe
enough, but that the offense ought to be punished
by death. Well, sir, there was a tribunal which
sat more than eighteen hundred years ago upon
the Author of one of the sentiments which I have
read, and that tribunal thought just so, and passed
sentence of death upon him, and executed him.
Now,-1 come to the consideration of the mes-
sages of the President. In his annual message,
presented to us on the 31st of December, 1855, he
says: -
" In the Territory of Kansas there have been acts preju-
riicial to good order, but as yet none have occurred under cir-
cumstances to justify the interposition of the Federal Ex-
ecutive."
Mark the date: dates are something in this
matter. Nothing had occurred up to the 31st of
December last to justify his interposition. In his
mcssago on the 24th of January, 1856—twenty-
four days afterwards—he says:
" Circumstances have occurred to disturb the course of
governmental organization in the Territory of Kansas, and
produce there a condition of things which renders it incum-
bent on me to call your attention to the subject, and urgently
to recommend the adoption by you of such measures of
legislation as the grave exigencies of the case appear to re-
quire."
I put it to the President of the United States,
and I put it to all his friends on this floor and
everywhere else, to tell me what occurred be-
tween the 31st of December, 1855, and the 24th
of January, 1856, to justify this change of policy ?
Kansas Affairs—Mr. Hale.
Did the convention to form a State constitution
for Kansas, assemble in the mean time? No, sir.
Did an election take place for State officers ? No,
sir. All that was done before the 31st of Decem-
ber, 1855; and I have the authority of the Presi-
dent for saying that nothing had been done up to
that time which would justify the interference
of the Federal Executive. In his judgment, then, ■,
the people of the Territory lmd the right to meet, j
and in meeting to institute a constitution they j
had committed no offense, and had done nothing
which justified his interference; but, sir, I wish j ^ ^  
to do the President of the United States all jus- lutionS) which the New Hampshire Patriot says
tice,and I will. I think I always have done so,and : wcre u cheerfully accepted by Mr. Pierce:"
leave from tyrants to abolish tyranny, the day of free gov-
ernment would never dawn upon the eyes ol the oppressed
millions of our race. . . . . .
"4. Resolved, That when the people act in their original
sovereign capacity in forming and adopting new systems of
government, they are not bound to conform to any rules or
forms of proceeding not instituted by themselves.
" 5. Resolved, That the adoption of the people's constitu-
tion in Rhode Island by thirteen thousand nine hundred and
forty-four votes, being an acknowledged and large majority
of the whole male adult population of that State, was such
an act of the people in tlicir sovereign capacity as rendered
it the paramount law of the State."
General Pierce went thus far; but Mr. Hibbard
then presented the two following additional reso-
r , . i iwr TT Dn« !nt ooira
I always will. I do not believe, as some of the
enemies of the President have undertaken to say,
that he is a coward. I do not believe that he is
wanting in physical or in moral courage. Sir,
he has courage by inheritance, and I never doubted
it. The President of the United States is not
wanting in talent. He is a man of respectable
talent; and it is no disparagement to say of the
distinguished gentlemen who were his competitors
before the nominating convention, that he is the
equal to any of them, and, in my judgment, su-
perior to the man who means to supplant him.
I go further; I think the President is progressive;
I think he improves. From the 31st of Decem-
ber to the 24th of January, there was a marked
improvement in his manners, if in nothing else.
Whether or not it was the effect of a little ani-
madversion which he might have read, I shall
not undertake to say, [laughter;] but I will give
you the proof of the statement which I have just
made. In his message of the 31st of December,
1855, he speaks of those who were opposed to
him as "enemies of the Constitution." Then
nobody who differed from him could be friendly
to the Constitution. See what a wonderful
change is produced in twenty-four days. On
the 24th of January he speaks in this way:
"This interference, in so far as concerns its primary
causes and its immediate commencement, was one of the
incidents of that pernicious agitation on the subject of the
condition of the colored persons held to service in some of
the States, which has so long disturbed the repose of our
country, and excited individuals, otherwise patriotic and
law-abiding, to toil with misdirected zeal in the attempt to
propagate their social theories by the perversion and abuse
of the powers of Congress."
Is there not a great improvement ? " Enemies
of the Constitution," in twenty-four days, are
converted into gentlemen laboring with misdi-
rected zeal, but otherwise patriotic and law-
abiding. On everything except the very point
on which they differ from the President, they are
patriotic and law-abiding.
The President of the United States, in his Kansas
message, denounces the proceedings of those gen-
tlemen in Kansas who have undertaken to form a
State constitution as revolutionary, and says that
if their measures are carried out it will be treason.
Well, sir, perhaps it is very difficult to define and
say exactly where people may begin to reform
their government without the consent of the ex-
isting Government; and I shall not venture to
express any crude opinions of my own upon that
subject; but I shall favpr you with the opinions
of the President of the United States himself on
that very question. It cannot have escaped the
recollection of gentlemen that about fourteen years
ago there wasavery noted individual in this coun-
tryby the name ofThomasW.Dorr,whoclaimed
to be elected Governor of Rhode Island; but the re-
sult of his election was that he found that he would
be safer in any other State than the one of which
he claimed to be Governor. He left there, and
went first to Connecticut, and remained there a
little while, and then came to New Hampshire.
When he arrived in New Hampshire, a large
public meeting was holden in Concord on the
14th day of December, 1842; and at that meeting
General Pierce delivered a very congratulatory
speech to Governor Dorr, and closed with the
presentation of a series of resolutions, which, as
they are not long, I will read: j
" 1. Resolved, That all government of right originates
from the people, is founded in consent, and instituted for
the general good.
"2. Resolved, That whenever the ends ofgovernment are
perverted, and public liberty manifestly endangered, and all
other means of redress are ineffectual, the people may, and
of right ought to, reform the old and establish a new form
of government.
'■ 3. Resolved, That if the friends of liberty should wait for
" 6. Resolved, That in welcoming to the soil of New Hamp-
shire our present distinguished guest, Thomas W. Dorr, thi.
rightful Governor of Rhode Island, we embrace the ces-
sion of tendering the tribute of our respect and esteem to
the tried patriotism, and unwavering devotion to the cau>e
of free suffrage, which has so eminently and honorably
characterized liis past career; and that, so long as the peo-
ple of Rhode Island are true to themselves and to the cause
of civil liberty, they will never abate their trust nor remit
their exertions until their sovereignty shall be acknowl-
edged, the constitution of their adoption established in tact,
as "it now is in right—the paramount law of the land ; and
theofficers of their choice restored to the places to which
they have been once elected. .
" 7. Resolved, That John Tyler, the acting President of
the United States, in interfering with, and assuming to
decide, by the arm of the military power of the General
Government, the question of sovereignty pending between
the people and the charter party of Rhode Island, thereby
for a time prostrating the cause of free suffrage and paralyz-
ing the efforts of its friends in that State, has been guilty of
a flagrant usurpation of unconstitutional power, for which
no censure can be too severe, and has inflicted an injuiy
upon the cause of constitutional freedom for which no
reparation can adequately atone."
Now to bring the point of these resolutions dis-
tinctly before the Senate, I propose to read this
last resolution, substituting the name of''Franklin
Pierce'' for "John Tyler,'' "Kansas " for " Rhode
Island," and "Pro-slavery party" for "Charter
party;" and see how it will then read. It would
read in this wise:
Resolved, That Franklin Pierce, the acting President of
the United States, in interfering with, and assuming to de-
cide, by the arm of the military power of the General Govern-
ment, the question of slavery pending between the people
and the pro-slavery party of Kansas, thereby for a time pros-
trating the cause of free suffrage and paralyzing the efforts
of its friends in that Territory, has been guilty of a flagrant
usurpation of unconstitutional power, for which no censure
can be too severe, and has inflicted an injury on the cause
of constitutional freedom, for which no reparation can ade-
quately atone.
He ought certainly to be willing to take such
medicine asheadministers; anditseems tome that
the cases, with this bare alteration of names, are
very nearly parallel—at least enough so for the
argument.
The President of the United States, in his mes-
sage of the 24th of January, goes on to state the
illegal acts which have occurred to justify military
interposition, and he says:
" One of the acts of the Legislative Assembly provided
for the election of a Delegate to the present Congress, and a
Delegate was elected under that law; but, by subsequently
to this, a portion of the people of the Territory proceeded
without authority of law to elect another Delegate. Fol-
lowing upon this movement was another and more import-
ant one of the same general character. Persons confessedly
not constituting the body-politic, or all the inhabitants, but
merely a party of the inhabitants, and without law, have
undertaken to summon a convention for the purpose of
transforming the Territory into a State, and have framed a
constitution, adopted it, and under it elected a Governor
I and other officers, and a Representative to Congress."
| That is the reason why the President of the
! United States on the 24th of January felt himself
! called upon to send to us a special message, ask-
: ing for extraordinary powers from Congress to
enable him to execute the law. Every fact to
' which he refers, every circumstance to which the
message alludes, had transpired long before his
annual message of the 31st of December, when
he said nothing had occurred that would justify
his interposition.
I have thus, Mr. President, very briefly spoken
of what has been done on the part of those en-
deavoring to force slavery into Kansas. I wish,
now to advert to the charges which have been
brought against the men who have gone there to
establish a free State. So far as I know anything
about them, I will, in their behalf,plead guilty to
everything charged upon them by the Senator
from Tennessee. What they wanted was a free
constitution—a free State. Societies were organ-
ised in the northern States for the purpose of
