1716
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 23,
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS.
Mr. BRODHEAD presented the petition of
Rcbecca Adams, widow of Alfred J, Adams,
who was attached to the quartermaster's depart-
ment m the army in the Florida war, praying to
be allowed bounty land; which was referred to
the Committee on Public Lands.
Mr. HOUSTON presented the memorial of
George H. Giddings, contractor for carrying the
mail from Santa Fe, in New Mexico, to San An-
tonio, in Texas, for compensation for services
performed under his contract, and that the com-
pensation now allowed may be increased, or his
contract canceled; which was referred to the
Committee on the Post Office and Post Roads.
Mr. PTJGH presented additional papers in re-
lation to the petition of George Colvm; which
were referred to the Committee on Pensions.
Mr. JONES, of Iowa, presented a petition
of citizens of Galena, Illinois, praying for a
grant of land to the Territory of Minnesota, to
aid in the construction of a railroad in that Ter-
ritory; which was referred to the Committee on
Public Lands.
PAPERS WITHDRAWN AND REFERRED.
On motion of Mr. JONES, of Iowa, it was
Ordered, Thai L. E. L. A. Lawson, heir of General
Eleazer W. Ripley, have leave to withdraw her petition
and papers.
On motion of Mr. EIGGS, it was
Ordered, That James Taylor, lepresentative of the
North Caiolina Cherokee Indians, have leave to withdraw
his petition and papers.
Mr. PESSENOEN. I move that the Secretary
of the Senate be directed to return to the Clerk
of the House of Representatives, the petition and
accompanying papers of Isaac Lilly, filed with
the petition of C. E. Sherman, reported upon at
the first session of the Twenty-Eighth Congress,
that petition and those papery having been taken
from the files of the House. I understand—the
Clerk probably will know whether I am correct-
that these,, papers were brought up rather irregu-
larly, and filed with the papers in another case,
for the sake of aidins; that case. 1 move that they
be returned to the House to which they belong.
The motion was agreed to.
REPORTS FROM COMMITTEES.
Mr. WELLER, from the Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs, to whom was referred the petition
of Ciiarles McCormick, submitted a report, accom-
panied by a bill (S. No. 399) for the relief of
Charles McCormick, assistant surgeon United
States Army; which was read, and passed to a
second reading. The report was ordered to be
printed.
Mr. MALLOR Y, from the Committee on Naval
Affairs, to whom was referred the petition of
William Heine, praying for compensation for ser-
vices as artist to the Japan expedition, submitted
a report, accompanied by a bill (S. No. 400) for
hw relief; which was read, and passed to a second
reading. The report -was ordered to be printed.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the petition of William S. Lovell,
submitted a report, accompanied by a joint reso-
lution (S. R. No. 32) authorizing the Secretary of
the Navy to pay to the officers and seamen of the
expedition in search of Dr. Kane the same rate
of pay that was allowed to the officers and seamen
of the expedition under Lieutenant De Haven;
which was read, and passed to a second readme.
The report was ordered to be printed. &
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the petition of W. R. Talbot, in
behalf of himself and other chaplains of the
Navy, praying for an increase of compensation,
submitted an adverse report; which was concurred
in, and ordered to be printed.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
■\vas referred the petition of AVilliani Reynolds,
submitted an adverse report; which was con-
curred in, and ordered to be printed.
, tfr TOOMRS, from the Committee on Indian"
Affairs, to whom was referred the memorial of
the heirs of Robert McConnell, submitted a
report, accompanied byabill (S. No. 401) for their
relief; which was read, and passed to a second
reading. I he report was ordered to be printed.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the bill (S. No. 81) to provide for
the reexamination and payment of certain claims
of citizens of Georgia and Alabama, on account
of losses sustained by depredations of the Creek
Indians, reported it without amendment, and sub-
mitted a report on the subject; which was ordered
to be printed.
FORTIFICATION OF SAN PEDRO.
Mr. WELLER submitted the following reso-
lution ; which was considered by'unanimous con-
sent,, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee on Military Affairs be in-
structed to inquire into the expediency and practicability of
fortifying or improving the port of San Pedro, in the State
of California.
THE VANDERBILT OCEAN STEAMER.
Mr. SEWARD. Mr. President, I submit a
communication from Cornelius Vanderbilt, of the
city of New York, in which he informs us that
he has brought on here a new ocean steamer,
which is now anchored off Greenleaf's Point, and
he extends an invitation to the Senate, as also to
the House of Representatives, to visit her at such
time as shall suit their convenience. He proposes
eleven o'clock on Saturday morning. He thinks
that this specimen of naval architecture is worthy
of an examination, and will gratify the pride of
the American people. She is the largest vessel
which has ever floated on the Atlantic ocean,
having a tonnage of four thousand five hundred
tons. She is prepared to consume two hundred
and fifty tons of coal per day. He is very confi-
dent that she can outstrip any vessel, either native
or foreign, in crossing the ocean by at least one
day—twenty-four hours. I move that the com-
munication lie on the table.
The motion was agreed to.
IMPROVEMENT OF SAVANNAH RI.VER.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I am directed by the Com-
mittee on Commerce, to whom was referred the
bill (H. It. No. 53(51) to alter and amend an act to
appropriate money to remove obstructions in the
Savannah river, to report it back with a recom-
mendation that it pass, and to ask the consent of
the Senate to consider it now. The Senate is
aware that this is a bill merely providing for a
discretion in the Department of War in the ex-
penditure of money formerly appropriated. It
is not a new appropriation; it is merely to render
efficient a former appropriation.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate
proceeded, as in Committee of the Whole, to
consider the bill to alter and amend "An act to
appropriate money to remove obstructions in the
Savannah river below the city of Savannah, in
the State of Georgia," approved March 3, 18oo.
It provides that the balance of the unexpended
appropriation made by the act of March 3, 1855,
may be applied, under the direction of the Sec-
retary of War, to remove the bars, shoals, banks,
and other impediments, in Savannah river, caused
by the obstructions, as pioposed in "the project
ot the commissioners, approved by the War
Department, in February, la,53.
The bill was repoited to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read the
third time, and passed.
MEDALS TO NAVAL OFFICERS. I
Mr. MALLORY. The Committee on Naval ;
Affairs, to whom was referred so much of the |
President's messag'e as relates to the presentation j
of medals to certain officers of the Navy, have
directed me to report a joint resolution (S. It. No. J
31) authorizing the acceptance of certain incdals :
from foreign Governments. I ask the unanimous
consent of the Senate to consider the resolution
now. The Secretary of the Navy recommends
it in his annual report; and I will read, for the
information of the Senate, a few lines on this
subject alone;
" The Emperor of France having awarded a ijold medal
to both Surpcon Thorn;.-, Williamson anil J'a^ed Avu-tMt
Surgeon James F. Uanisou. of the United State- Navv. i
for their professional seivices to the officers and men of the J
Fiench .-te.uner of war Cliimeie, at Nouolk, dium" the '
summer of 1854 ; the Onvcrnnipnts of Prussia and HoTland i
having similarly complimented -Lieutenant Mauiy lor Ins I
eontiibutions to ^eiencc anil navigation, 1 recommend the f
necessary legislation to enable tho,e officcis to accept of tile !
proffered testimonials."
There being no objection, the joint resolution !
was read the first and second time,and considered
as in Committee of the Whole. It was reported I
to the Senate without amendment, and ordered to 1
be engrossed for a third reading. It was read a I
third time. i
Mr. PUGH. I ask for the yeas and nays on
the passage of the resolution. I desire to record
my vote against it.
The yeas and nays were ordered; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 25, nays 10; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Allen, Bell of Tennessee, Benjamin,
Bright, Cass, Clay, Collaroer, Douglas, Fessenden, Fish,
Foot, Fobter, Geyer, Houston, Hunter, Johnson, Jones of
Iowa, Mallory, Mason, Seward, Slidell, Trumbull, Wade,
Weller, and Wilson—25.
NAYS—Messrs. Adams, Biggs, Butler, Clayton, Dodge,
Iverson, Pugh, Reid, Toombs, and Wright—10.
So the resolution was passed.
BILL INTRODUCED.
Mr. WELLER asked, and by unanimous con*
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
402) to provide for holding the courts of the
United States in the State of California, in case
of the sickness or other disabilities of the judges
of the district court; which was read the first and
second times, and referred to the Committee on
the Judiciary.
BONN PIATT.
Mr. WADE. I move that the Senate take up
the bill (S. No. 340) for the relief of Donn Piatt.
It is reported from the Committee on Foreign Re-
lations, and I suppose is all right. I do not pre-
sume that it will lead to any debate.
The motion was agreed to; and the bill was
read a second time, and considered as in Commit-
tee of the Whole.
It proposes to direct the Secretary of the Treas-
ury to pay to Donn Piatt, late acting charge
d'affaires of the United States at Paris, the sum
of $2,114, being the amount of the difference be-
tween the salary received by him as secretary of
legation at Paris and that of charge d'affaires,
for the term of fourteen days in October, 1854,
and from the 26th day of December, 1854, until
the 1st day of May, 1855, and also from the 3d
to the lltli day of September, 1855, together with
the usual outfit of a charge d'affaires.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I ask if there is any re-
port accompanying that bill ?
Mr. MASON. The bill was reported from
the Committee on Foreign Relations, I think by
the Senator from California, [Mr. Weller.]
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. There is no
printed report on the files.
Mr. CASS, t will merely observe to the hon-
orable Senator from Louisiana, that the general
facts in this case are common to other bills which
are before the Senate. 1 do not know absolutely
of my own knowledge the facts of the case, but
I am satisfied as to them. This bill is to give to
this gentleman, who acted as charge, the pay
during the time he acted. I will say to the Sen-
ator, that the compensation which is received by
our secretaries of legation is utterly inadequate
to their support when they are put m the position
of being the representatives of their country
abroad. They aie exposed necessarily to areat
additional expenses. I think, therefore, the Sen-
aiu ought, without hesitation, whenever such a
case is pi'esented, to give the additional compen-
sation.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I cannot consent to let
this bill pass without at all events some amend-
ment. I am not aware of any precedent in the
history of the Government for allowing a secre-
tary of legation the pay of a charge d' affaires for
duties performed during the illness of the rninis-
■ ler. Where a minister has been sent away from
his post, or has left his post, and his duties have
been performed by the secretary of legation, it
has been usual to allow the secretary the com-
pensation of a charge d'affaires during the absence
of the minister; but, if I understand it, in the
present ease, our minister at Paris was pick, and
whilst he_ was sick the secretary of legation did
such duties as he could for the minister; and
now, for the first time in the history of this Gov-
ernment, it is proposed to pay an extra compen-
sation to a charge d'affaires for such services;
so that hereafter, whenever our minister is sick
for a few (Jays, we shall have a bill here for tliy
secretary of legation to get the pay of a charge
d'affaires.
Then , in addition to that, this bill proposes to
pay this gentleman, who was in Pans at the time,
as the secretary of legation, the outfit of a charge
d'affaires. I think this is an abuse. I consider
it my duty to call to it the attention of the Senate,
1 know of no precedent of the land.
