1856.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Mr. WELLER. I believe it is true, as the
Senator from Louisiana says, that there is no pre-
cedent where an allowance has been made to a
secretary of legation, of this character, in con-
sequence of the sickness of the minister; but there
have been a great many precedents where this
compensation has been allowed to persons who
were secretaries of legation and acted as charges,
in consequence of the absence of the minister from
his post. On what principle is.that allowance
based? It is that the secretary of legation be-
comes the acting minister, and, of course, is sub-
jected to extraordinary expenses.
Now, if the minister is sick, and unable to dis-
charge the duties of his office, he might just as
well be absent. What difference can there be in
principle ? The allowance is made on the ground
that the secretary of legation becomes the min-
isterin fact; and he is just as much the acting min-
ister when the minister himself is sick, as when
he is absent. I do not see any difference between
the cases in principle. The whole allowance is
based on the assumption, that the secretary of le-
gation is subjected to extraordinary expenses be-
cause of the new character which he has assumed.
"Why not apply that principle to the case of the
sickness, as well as to the case of the absence, of
the minister? In this case the minister himself
was incapable of discharging the duties of the
office for a term of six or seven months. The
duties of the office devolved on the secretary of
legation, and he was subjected to the expenses
incident to his new position. I think that simple
justice demands that the same principle which
has been uniformly extended to the case of an ab-
sent minister, should also be extended to cases
of sickness where he is incapacitated for the per-
formance of duty.
Mr. MASON. Mr. President, I am not aware
of any instance, as the Senator from Louisiana
has said, in which the allowance has been made
to a secretary of legation of the difference between
his compensation and that of a charge d'affaires,
in a case where the minister was sick; but yet, 1
am not awaie of any case like the present that
has arisen in order to take the sense of Congress
on the propriety of it. The minister of the
United States in Prance, as is known, was, for
some short time, actually disabled by a disease
of a peculiar character, which made him incom-
petent for the time for the discharge of his duties;
and during that time it is shown that this gen-
tleman, who was secretary of legation, did dis-
charge the duties of the minister, and acted in
fact as a charge d'affaires; so that, except that
the minister was disabled by illness instead of
being disabled by absence, there is no difference
in the two cases.
But the bill reported from the Committee on
Foreign Relations by the Senator from California
provides further for the payment of an outfit. I
do not see any propriety in paying the outfit.
The practice of the Government, I think, lias
been uniformly, where, from the absence of the
minister, even his temporary absencc, the duties
have devolved oil the secretary, to pay him the
salary of a charge; but the cases are not uniform
that, because he discharged the duties of a charge
d'affaires, he should be paid an additional outfit.
I agree with the Senator from Lo-disiana to this
extent: in my opinion, the outfit should be disal-
lowed, though I think the rest should be allowed.
I move, therefore, to strike from the bill so much
as relates to an outfit.
Mr. WELLER. There was a bill reported
from the Committee on Foreign Relations, I be-
lieve by the Senator from Louisiana, [Mr. Sli-
dell,] for the relief of Mr. Sanford. That bill
also made provision for an outfit. In the ease of
Mr. Barton, who was secretary of legation under
Mr. Livingston, and Mr. Ledyard, who was
secretary of legation under my distinguished
friend from Michigan, [Mr. Cass,] an outfit was
allowed. Why discriminate? Why allow an
outfit in those cases, and', after you have estab-
lished the precedent to that extent, then, on the
application of Mr. Piatt, refuse to allow it?
Mr. MASON. I will tell the Senator why I
think it should be disallowed. In the cases which
have been cited, at least so far as they passed
under my notice, it was shown that, because of
the position of the secrerary of legation at the
court in the absence of the minister, from his
intercourse with the court, large additional ex-
penses were devolved on him; and it was allowed,
in the discretion of Congress, to be applied in par-
ticular instances, where,in the exercise of the dis-
cretion, it was thought proper. Now I am not
aware of anything in the intercourse between this
gentleman and the Government of France which,
m the exercise of that discretion, would add an
outfit, which is a whole year's salary of a charge
d'affaires, $4,500, to the pay of a charge during
the time he discharged the duties. It is a matter
more strictly reserved, I understand, for the dis-
cretion of Congress to give it when they think an
occasion calls for it. I do not think it calls for it
in this instance.
Mr. SLIDELL. My friend from California
has made some allusion to a bill which I reported
at the last session of Congress, for the relief of
Mr. Sanford. I will merely state that, according
to my appreciation of the facts, Mr. Sanford was
better entitled to an outfit, under all the circum-
stances, than Mr. Piatt, for his services during
the illness of Mr. Mason. But, sir, I very cheer-
fully confess that I have seen reason to believe
that we have gone much too far in allowances of
this sort. If the cases wore precisely the same,
I should be disposed to interpose a check, being
well persuaded, from everything I see passing
before the Committee on Foreign Relations, and
the number of memorials for extra pay coming m
upon us, some of them for services thirty or forty
years ago, that you have adopted a false princi-
ple. I still contend that Mr. Sanford and Mr.
Ledyard were better entitled to an outfit than the
services rendered by Mr. Piatt.
Now, sir, I am not exactly aware how this bill
bears the impress of the Committee on Foreign
Relations. It may have been adopted during my
absence, though I have been very regular in my
attendance on the committee. The only time at
which I recollect this matter to have been dis-
cussed, I distinctly understood that the majority
of the committee were opposed to granting an
outfit, deeming it the establishment of an entirely
new precedent. In fact, the bill itself is new. I
believe you will not find in our statute-book a
single case in which a secretary of legation has
received the salary of a charge d'affaires during
the presence of his principal, who has been
temporarily incapacitated from doing duty. I
think this bill will establish the first precedent.
The chairman of the Committee on Foreign re-
lations, of course,is more familiar with the matter
than I am; but that 1 think was the impression
we had: that we went as far as we could safely
go in granting the difference between the pay of
secretary and charge to Mr. Piatt. It is possible
that there were some subsequent deliberations of
the Committee on Foreign Relations, at which I
was not present, but 1 have a very distinct recol-
lection that at the only meeting when this matter
was discussed m my presence, the majority of
the committee were opposed to the allowance of
an outfit in this case.
Mr. WELLER. I am sorry to say that my
recollection of what transpired in the committee
room differs very widely from that of the Senator
from Louisiana, [Mr. Sudell.] The Senator
from Louisiana was present at the only conver-
sation which passed in the committee m regard to
this bill. My distinct recollection is, that the
whole of that conversation related to the pro-
priety of making an allowance to the secretary
of legation during the sickness of the minister.
I have no recollection of anything being said on
the subject of the outfit. After the conversation
had passed on that point, and we had agreed to
establish that precedent, I was directed to report
a bill.
Mr. SLIDELL. I hope the Senator from Cal-
ifornia does not suppose that I intend to impute
to him for a moment the intention of going be-
yond the instruction of the committee, or the
feeling of the committee on the subject. I hope
he does not give that coloring to what I have said.
It is a mere difference of opinion as to what
passed in the committee.
Mr. WELLER. But the intimation was that,
in reporting the bill from the Committee on For-
eign Relations, I acted without authority. Cer-
tainly the remark of the Senator from Louisiana
went to that extent; he said he did not know how
the bill got here. Now, I disclose the fact that he
,.was present at the time when this bill was con-
sideied in the committee room, but his recollec-
tion and mine differ. I think nothing was said
in regard to an outfit; but the conversation was
simply as to whether we should establish the pre-
cedent of allowing this extra pay during the sick-
ness of the minister. It had already been estab-
lished so far as the absence of a minister "was
concerned. The committee finally dete'rirtmed
that question, and I was authorized to report a
bill in conformity with the precedents established
in other cases, which are to allow an outfit."- I
confess I had not the direct authority of the Com-
mittee on Foreign Relations to report the bill ill
that shape. 1 had their authority to report abill,
and I took it for granted thai it should be drawn'
in conformity with the principle which they had
established in other cases. That is the way it
has come here. I confess, as I have said, that I
had not the direct authority of the Committee on
Foreign Relations for that part of the bill, but I
had their authority to report a bill treating Mr.'
Piatt as a charge during the sickness of Mr.
Mason, who was then there.
Mr. MASON. Mr. President, I do not un-
derstand that it is strictly parliamentary to refer
in the Senate to what passes in the committee,
though it is certainly a rule which is more fre-
quently disregarded than observed. I have not.
said what passed in the committee myself. I
have said only that the bill was reported by the'
Senator from California, from the committee.
Nor shall I undertake now to say what passed
in the committee, for I have really no recollec-
tion of it; I doubt not that his statement is strict-
ly accurate; but the honorable Senator from
California will find a great many instances where
an allowance has been made to a secretary of
legation, who discharged the duties of a charge
d'affaires, of the salary of a charge, without
any allowance whatever for outfit. The occa-
sions w-here mi allowance has been made for an
outfit, are comparatively rare. I do not think
this is one of those cases; and for that reason I
have moved to strike from the bill the provision
giving him the outfit of a charge d'affaires.
Mr. CLAYTON. I have no doubt that the
statement made by the honorable Senator from
California is perfectly coriect, that the Commit-
tee on Foreign Relations authorized him to re-
port a bill to pay the difference between the com-
pensation of a secretary of legation and a
charge d'affaires, for the time specified in the
bill. But, as he has justly remarked, nothing was
said about the outfit, as my recollection is. He
took it for granted, I suppose, that in reporting ■
the bill for the difference of the salary, he was
to follow the precedents fouad by the committee
in other cases, and report an outfit too. I be-
lieve, sir, that that part of the bill which proposes
to pay the difference in salary, ought to pass. I
yielded my assent to it in the Committee on
Foreign Relations, and I see no reason to change
it. I am satisfied that the gentleman from Cali-
fornia is correct in regard to it. With reference
to the outfit, however, I have doubts. I was
not aware, until I examined the bill, that it pro-
vided for an outfit being paid. I object to that,
though I am perfectly willing to give my consent
to the report ill regard to paying the difference of
salary.
Mr. SLIDELL. Will the Senator from Del-
aware permit me to interrupt him for a single
moment?
Mr. CLAYTON. Yes, sir.
Mr. SLIDELL. There is no difference at all
between the recollection of the Senator from Cal-
ifornia and myself on the subject of the allowance
of the difference of pay.
Mr. CLAYTON. So I understand.
Mr. SLIDELL. The committee was unani-
mous on that subject.
Mr. CLAYTON. We all recollect the matter
alike when we come to look at it fairly; but as to
the question regarding an outfit, the Senator from
California being authorized to report a bill, fiud-
sn17* that the precedents sanctioned the allowance
ofan outfit, of course included that in the bill.
I doubt, myself, whether, under these circum-
stances, an outfit ought to be paid; and I am in-
clined, on further investigation, to vote with the
chairman of the Committee on Foreign Relations,
who has moved to strike out that provision. If
it can be shown hereafter that the precedents
have established that in cases of this description
an outfit should be paid, I shall cheerfully vote
