1856.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1GT
34th Cong.... 1st Sess.
Kansas Affairs—Mr. Hale.
Senate.
aiding emigrants to go there, with the avowed pur-
pose of making Kansas a free State. That tney
liad an undoubted right to do. You had invited
them to do it by- your Kansas and Nebraska bill.
The Senator from Tennessee, however, made a
wonderful discovery when he ascertained that the
authors of these emigrant aid societies looked to
a remunerative pecuniary return. Grant it; I
plead guilty to that charge. I admit they organ-
ized the societies for the purpose of sending emi-
grants into that Territory to settle it, and by their
votes establish freedom there; and they hoped to
establish freedom, to take up lands, and that, by
such means, there would be a pecuniary remuner-
ative return. The Senator need not have gone a
great way to prove that. They, themselves, pub-
lished it in all their handbills and newspapers.
They proclaimed it in all their public meetings.
They invited everybody to subscribe to aid in
sending emigrants there. For what purpose?
To mtuce Kansas a free State; and they held out
the hope that the project would not only result in
that, but would be a profitable investment, and
would make remunerative pecuniary returns. Is
there anything new in that? The Senator from
Tennessee says he never before heard of such a
thing in the United States.
I ao not wish to be unkind or uncourteous to
the Senator, though he did not come at me in the
smoothest possible form. I can tell him that he !
has not read the history of the United States, if <
he never heard or read of such societies before.
There is hardly one of the old States of the Union
that was not settled by societies similar to these.
The State of New Hampshire, the State of Vir-
ginia, the State of Maryland, and all the early
colonies, were planted by the aid of societies
which were substantially emigrant aid societies in
the old country. If you look at their charters
you will find that, almost without exception, if
not entirely without exception, there was always
the hope of pecuniary remunerative returns.
The Senator may find the same thing at a later
day. Did he ever hear of a little State called
Ohio ? How was that settled ? It was settled by
means of an emigrant aid society of New Eng-
land. Thefirst white men who ever planted them-
selves upon the soil of Ohio went from New Eng-
land, under the auspices of just exactly such a
society, not called in so many words an emigrant
aid society, but substantially that. They were
societies which looked to the colonization of the
western Territories, and beyond that looked to a
compensation which was to come back to them.
That is what the emigrant aid societies formed
for the settlement of Kansas have done. I will
yield to the. Senator from Tennessee everything
that he claimed on that point. I am sorry that
he took so much time to prove what everybody
admitted, and what any one who had anything to
do with those societies would have told him was
intended, expected, and hoped by them.
Sir, let me ask you, did you see anything wrong,
anything criminal in this ? Did you not invite
the North to go there ? Did you not invite free-
dom to go there and compete with slavery? Did
you not tell us that all you wanted was a fair field ?
For what purpose did these men go to Kansas ?
They went in order, by the influence of their opin-
ions expressed at the ballot-box, to lay the foun-
dations of free institutions in that great country;
and I have no doubt they believed in their hearts
that, in doing so, they were doing a meritorious
and a patriotic act.
Mr. President,it cannot have escaped your ear,
it cannot have escaped the ear of any honorable
Senator who is within the sound of my voice, that
when the subject of slavery is introduced, gentle-
men from those States in which it exists turn
around and say, reproachfully, " We found the
institution; we did not bring it here; it was en-
tailed upon us by the cupidity of eastern mer-
chants; it was entailed upon us by the British
Crown; it was entailed upon us by those who had
the control and agency of things long before we
came upon the stage of being." Grant it. I am
willing to give to gentlemen who are disposed to
make such a plea, all that they can take by it;
and what is the lesson that it teaches us ? Sir, it
teaches us, who in this our day occupy these
seats, that, if in the coming future it shall be so
destined in the councils of Omnipotence that the
Territory of Kansas shall groan under the blight-
ing influence of the institution of slavery, those
who feel its withering effects may not stand up
and reproach our posterity by telling them," Your
fathers forced it on this soil." No, sir; we wish
| to stand clear of that reproach, which is so often
and so freely cast on our fathers.
In the very debate which took place in the
: Senate on the Kansas bill, if I mistake not, in the
I speech of an honorable Senator from North Caro-
j lina (Mr. Badger)—not now a member of this
! body—that very reproach was hurled back on the
j inhabitants of the free States, and they were told
that it was to their agency and their cupidity that
the South owed the existence of the institution
among them. I do not remember, sir, during the
many years that I have been at this Capitol, to
have met with more than three individuals who
have not been willing to admit, and have not
admitted, that, if the question of slavery were a
new one, for the first time introduced, and if the
question was submitted to them as they were
about to plant themselves on the virgin soil of
their native State, and they had the control of it,
they would not have slavery with them. If they
would not have it with them, if it were an origi-
nal question in their own State, I ask them, in
the name of justice, in the name of humanity, in
the name of that Christianity which teaches us
" to do unto others as we would they should do
unto us," whyshould they seek now to fasten it
upon another Territory ? Sir, the position which
I occupy, and which is occupied by those with
whom 1 act, is, that it may never be a reproach
to us or to our posterity that, through our agency,
and through our want of fidelity to the principles
which we profess, this institution which we
condemn shall be fastened upon this Territory.
Mr. BUTLER. Will the Senator allow me to
give him a matter of statistics?
Mr. HALE. Certainly.
Mr. BUTLER. I knew the Senator would do
it, beeause he is a ready man. At one time, sir,
I thought it probable that I might have to go to
Boston to perform a duty which my friend from
Georgia [Mr. Toombs] has done so much better
than I could; and With that view I prepared my-
self with some'statistics on this subject, which I
desire to present. I desire to state them now,
for I know of no other way of getting them before
a certain class unless through the speech of the
Senator from New Hampshire. He says that, so
far from being tainted with the sin and agency of
introducing slavery, the North would hold them-
selves bound byall the obligations to which he
has referred. With the view which I have men-
tioned I sent to the custom-house in Charleston
to obtain certain information. Most of the regis-
ters were lost, but from those that remained I
obtained some information(which I will state.
When the slave trade was suppressed, it was
suppressed by the common vote of the North and
the South; and when it was restored, it was re-
stored by the common vote of the North and the
South; but after it was restored it was through
northern merchants that slaves were taken from
Africa. They were brought in northern vessels.
Out of forty thousand—that was the number,
for I recollect it expressly—two thirds were for
the North. Five thousand were on account of
one northern State, six thousand on account of
another, and but two thousand on account of
South Carolina. So far as regards the sin of
bringing them here, I do not think that we are
to be responsible if we should attempt to throw
it back on those who introduced them.
Mr. HALE. Mr. President, I am glad to
have this piece of information. It was the very
train of argument which I was pursuing. I said
that you reproached our fathers, and justly, I
have no doubt. I have no doubt the Senator is
historically correct.
Mr. BUTLER. What I have stated is accord-
ing to undoubted statistics.
. Mr. HALE. I have not the slightest doubt of
it, and I am glad I have got it; but what I mean,
please God,, is, that it shall not be true, in the
future. I mean that if another land is to groan
under the evil of slavery, no Senator from South
Carolina, or from any other State, shall have a
right to stand up in his place and point at New
Hampshire, ana say "Youdidit." I take all the
censure which the Senator means to administer
to the northern States. I have no doubt that the
cupidity of commerce yielded much, very much,
and that there is great blame. I have no doubt,
further, that the same cupidity which induced
northern merchants to take the course which the
Senator from South Carolina brings to my mind,
is still left in the country, and it would do the
same thing again, unless restrained by law.
Having gone thus far on this train of remark,
I come now to another point of the case; and I
propose to examine the question, of the power of
Congress over slavery in the Territories; and I
' shall do it, I think, to the apprehension of the
popular and of the legal mind. The ground which
I take is, that Congress has an undoubted consti-
tutional power to prohibit slavery from going into
any of the Territories of the United States; and
to that point I wish the attention of the Senate.
In the first place I suppose, when you wish to
settle a question as to whether the Congress of
the United States has a certain power or not, the
simplest, readiest, and easiest way of settling that
question is to turn to the Constitution itself. The
Constitution is a plain instrument, made by plain
men. It is a universal law governing States and
individuals; and being made by plain men, for
the government of everybody within the country,
States as well as individuals, one would naturally
suppose that it would be written in a language
which plain men might understand. Well, sir,
by looking to the Constitution, what do you find ?
You find it there written, "the Congress shall
have power"—to do what?—" to dispose of and
make all needful rules and regulations respecting
the territory or other property belonging to the
United States."
Some have said that this cannot mean all rules,
because there must be certain limits. Undoubt-
edly there are limits, but what are they ? The
limits are to be found in other parts of the Con-
stitution; and if there are any restrictions on that
grant, the grant is thus far restricted; but if there
be no restriction, it is unlimited. The language
j of the Constitution is exceedingly plain. " The
I Congress shall have power to make —how many
1 rules ?—" all needful rules." How do Congress
make rules ? By law. How do they make the
rules and regulations concerning the Navy ? By
i law. How do they make the rules and regula-
; tions concerning the Army ? Bylaw.. How do
; Congress make any rules or regulations ? Bylaw;
i and in no other way. Then, how many regula-
| tions may they make in regard to territory ? All.
If the prohibition of slavery is a regulation coming
within the comprehensive description of "all
regulations," it is what Congress has a right to
make; but if it be a regulation outside of " all,"
and not included in the adjective "all," we must
go somewhere else to find it. What did the men
who made the Constitution think? What did
they understand ? What did they suppose they
had done ? Why, sir, it appears, fortunately for
the elucidation of this history, that in the conven-
tion which framed the Constitution there were
twenty men who were also members of the first
Congress under the Federal Constitution. There
was John Langdon, of New Hampshire,'a man
of some note in his day—a man enjoying the
confidence of the Democracy of this country, and
who was nominated for the office of Vice Presi-
dent by that party when Jefferson was Presi-
dent—a nomination which he declined on account
of his age. He was a member of both bodies.
There were also in the Federal convention and in
the First Congress, Nicholas Gilman, of New
Hampshire; Elbridge Gerry, Rufus King, and
Caleb Strong, of Massachusetts; William S.
Johnson, Roger Sherman, and Oliver Ellsworth,
of Connecticut; William Patterson, of New
Jersey; Robert Morris, John Clymer, and Thom-
as Fitzsimmons, of Pennsylvania; George Read
and Richard Basset, of Delaware; Daniel Carroll,
of Maryland; James Madison, of Virginia; Hugh
Williamson, of North Carolina; Pierce Butler,
of South Carolina; and William Few and Abra-
ham Baldwin, of Georgia. All these gentlemen
whom I haye named were members of the con-
vention which formed the Federal Constitution,
and also members of the First Congress under it.
George Washington was the presiding officer of
the convention,.and h  was the first President of
