1856.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1721
been, and will be hereafter, disastrous. I expect
never again while 1 live to attend a party caucus.
I do not intend, for the residue of my public life,
to be bound by the ties of party. I intend to vote
just precisely as I think right, uninfluenced by
any other man or men whatever. I mean to pre-
serve my own individuality and my own inde-
pendence, fearing nothing from the frowns, and
hoping nothing from the smiles, of any party or
party President.
Now, in regard to the matter immediately before
us, it has been decided by the party in the Senate
which is largely in the majority, that this bill
shall be taken up to-day. So the Senator from
California has told us; and he says they hold
themselves responsible to the country for the
public business. Is it true that they are the only
men here who are responsible to the country for
the public business? I beg leave to say that I
am responsible for my share of the public busi-
ness done by the Senate, as much as any man
of any party in this body, and I do not see how
I can be relieved from that responsibility by a
declaration'that there are other gentlemen who
have assumed the whole responsibility upon them-
selves. I do not see how any minority can be
discharged from their just share of responsibility
by the action of a majority.
But, sir, besides this, I have other objections
to taking up the bill which has been named. It
is perfectly well known to gentlemen here, that
I am opposed to the passage of the Pacific rail-
road bill. Wehave passed at this session a bill,
which I did support, for making a military road
through the Territories. That measure was intro-
duced by the honorable Senator from California,
and received my approbation. I proposed that
measure several years ago, and have steadily sup-
ported it. I have held, however, and do now
hold, that all the plans of making a railroad to
the Pacific which have been proposed are, during
the present generation, impracticable without
bankrupting the Government. From my knowl-
edge of railroads, I do not believe that, if the road
were now made and stocked with engines, you
could keep it up for two years. I am for trying
no such experiment. It will cost hundreds of
millions of dollars.
Mr. BELL, of Tennessee. I call the Senator
from Delaware to order.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Senator
will state his point of order.
Mr. BELL, of Tennessee. The Senator from
Delaware is going into a discussion of the merits
of the Pacific railroad on a motion to take up
the bill. lie is expressing his opinion strongly
adverse to it as impracticable. I say that is not
the question before the Senate. I would not,
under ordinary ciicumstances, make such a point;
but the opinions of the honorable Senator" from
Delaware on this subject are well known; they
have been expressed heretofore. He is against
it. I hope we shall proceed to the consideration
either of the Pacific railroad or the internal im-
provement bills; but it is aside from the question
to discuss the merits of this measure on this mo-
tion. I submit that point of order, and I ask the
Chair to decide it.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. On a prop-
osition to take up subjects for the action of the
Senate, it has been the practice to permit the rel-
ative merits of different questions to be discussed.
Mr. CLAYTON. That is the rule undoubt-
edly. I wished to show that there are other bills
better worthy of our attention than this. I desired
to show that this bill is not such a measure as
should occupy our time to the exclusion of other
meritorious measures of legislation now in prog-
ress here. However, as I know that my friend
from Tennessee is sensitive on this subject, I will
not, if he thinks it wrong, go on further with the
discussion. I will forbear out of the great respect
and regard I have for him, but from no other con-
sideration.
Mr. DOUGLAS. Mr. President, the remarks
which have been made with regard to the busi-
ness of the Senate being arranged m caucus are,
I think, calculated to give rise to a misappre-
hension. We never have proposed to arrange in
caucus what bills the Senate should pass, or what
bills should not be passed, or how any man
should vote on them. Nothing of that kind has
ever been done. The whole extent of our action
has been this: we saw that the debates were
prolonged interminably without a vote, on one
measure after another. We saw that one ques-
tion was taken up one day, and then postponed
to the next day, and another taken up, without
any decision being arrived at. It was evident
that, if this course were persisted in, the end of
the session would come without any action being
had on any important bill. I deemed it my duty,
as chairman of the Committee on Territories,
to contend every morning for the consideration
of important territorial bills, because the Senate
had designed me to perform that duty by making
me chairman of that committee. The Senator
from California being at the head of the Mili-
tary Committee, deemed it his duty to contend
for the priority of the business of that committee.
The chairman of the Committee on Naval Affairs
thought it was his duty especially, every morn-
ing, to contend for the consideration of the bills
of his committee. The chairman of the Com-
mittee on Finance, with all the appropriation
bills on his hands, deemed it to be his duty to
struggle all the time for the priority of that busi-
ness. The consequence was, that the whole time
of the body was being exhausted in discussions
as to what business should be taken up, without
disposing of any important measure.
What was the remedy for this state of things ?
It was to call upon the chairmen of the several
committees intrusted with the principal business
of the Senate, to confer together, and see if they
could not agree among themselves which bill it
would be proper to take up first, and which bill
should succeed it, and so on. There was a con-
ference among the chairmen of the committees
as to which should take priority with their re-
spective bills; and that was all. The chairman of
the Committee on Finance would say, " Here I
have the Indian appropriation bill on my hands,
but if you will get through with the Kansas bill
in one day 1 shall postpone that." Then the
chairman of the Committee on Military Affairs
would say, "I cannot yield my Pacific railroad
bill for a three weeks' discussion on an appro-
priation bill, but if you will get through in one or
two days I shall wait." Tins course was pur-
sued; and the Kansas bill and the Indian appro-
priation bills have been disposed of so far as the
Senate is concerned. A day was agreed upon for
the harbor bills, and another day for the Pacific
railroad bill. This arrangement was made by
onference among the chairmen of the committees
as the most expeditious mode of getting at the
business, and avoiding controversies in open
Senate in regard to the priority of business. It
was to avoid the very difficulty which we find
presented here to-day. We find the session con-
sumed with a debate as to what business shall
have priority. If you would let the chairmen of
the committees get together, and arrange that
the harbor bills siiould be taken up to-day, and
the Pacific railroad bill to-morrow, we could get
through with three or four of these bills while
they are debating their priority. ]t was to avoid
the very exhibition that is here to-day. It is not
a partisan matter, but a consultation among those
who are charged by the Senate with biinging
forward the public business, as to which bill shall
have precedence, or lo heumonize, so as not to
come into collision here every day as to the
priority of business.
Mr. CLAYTON. I am very happy to hear
the honorable Senator say that I was laboring
under an error in supposing that there had been
a party caucus directing the mode of taking up
the business, and what measures should pass and
what not. I am glad to perceive that the honor.-
able Senator concurs with me in saying that such
a thing as that is improper, for the reason which
I have stated. I do not object to the chairmen
of the committees getting together and making
arrangements among themselves, and saying
which bill should be taken up.
Mr. DOUGLAS. That is all there is of it.
Mr. CLAYTON. I am happy to hear it; and
I beg leave to say that I hope we shall never
again hear of party caucuses m the Senate, got
up by any party here, undertaking to decide what
bills shall pass, and what bills shall not pass._ I
trust in God that honorable men of all parties
will take such caucuses by the collar. Let every
man stand open to conviction when he comes on
the floor; give me a chance to address his under-
standing. I have a right to address it; he has a
right to address mine. I hare a right to convince
him if I can that he is wrong; and he is bound to
vote according to his conscience after hearingine;
and I am bound to vote according to my con-
science after hearing him. But, if the matter is
foreclosed in party caucuses, I might as well talk
to stocks and stones. I trust we shall never again ■,
hear of a party caucus deciding what bills shall,
and what shall not be taken up.
Mr. CASS. The last remark of the honorable'
Senator from Delaware, which is a repetition of
one he made before, induces me to notice it. I
have been in the Senate something like ten or
eleven years, and this is the first time I ever
heard the idea advanced that the caucuses of the
two great parties were to determine whether a
measure should be adopted or not. I never heard
of such a caucus at all. The honorable Senator
from Delaware speaks of caucuses that preclude
the hearing of arguments, and men making up
their own opinion. I repeat, I never heard- of
such caususes. I have heard of caucuses about
the machinery of legislation, as to whether par-
ticular bills shall be taken up at particular times;
but a caucus to determine how members should
vote on a bill, or whether a bill should pass or
not, I never heard of. It would be a newmatter
in legislation.
In respect to this question, I beg leave to say
I did not know that the bill of the honorable
Senator from California was assigned for to-day.
I am entirely in favor of it, and shall vote for it;
and I would now vote for taking it up but for the
fact, that the very object we had in view was not
to break in on measures pending. There is a bill
already on its final passage, and I think myself
we had better go on to a conclusion with that and
similar measures. I shall, therefore, vote against
the motion.
Mr. CLAYTON. Mr. President, I might, if
I were disposed to state my reminiscences of
things past long ago, call up many cases which
would, perhaps, conflict with the statement of
the honorable Senator from Michigan; but it is of
no importance whether he is right or not, provided
we understand each other in future, that if there
ever have been any such caucuses there are to
be no more of them. That being the under-
standing, I am satisfied.
Mr. TRUMBULL. It will be remembered,
sir, that the Senator from California stated that
there had been a caucus of the majority to de-
termine the order of bnsiness. Now, We under-
stand from my colleague that there has been a con-
sultation among the chairmen of the committees.
Mr. WELLER. The Senator from Illinois
misunderstood me. I said the majority were re-
sponsible for the public business, and that a cau-
cus had been held,and a committee appointedfor
the purpose of arranging the order in which the
bills of a national, of a general character, should
be taken up, so as to avoid conflict in the Senate.
That was all. The caucus was called on other
subjects; and while it was in session a committee
was constituted, consisting of the chairmen of
the important committees of the body, to designate
m what order the bills pending should be taken
up, so as to prevent a collision here—to prevent
the state of things which exists at this very mo-
ment—a conflict as to the order of business.
Mr. DOUGLAS. That committee was com-
posed of chairmen of the standing committees of
this body, to confer and arrange among them-
selves the order of business. We never took
anybody except the chairmen of the standing
committees to arrange, talk over, consult, and
recommend to the Senate the oider of business.
Mr. TRUMBULL. It is always very well,
Mr. President, to understand the point in discus-
sion, and it is varied materially from what was
first understood, when we are told that this was
a mere.consultation among the chairmen of the
respective committees of the Senate. But, sir, you
will still observe that there has been a caucus of
the majority of the Senate, that that majority has
appointed a committee to arrange the business,
and the manner in which it has been arranged
has been illustrated by the speeches of Senators.
They tell us that one particular measure, it is
understood, is only to occupy a day; and the
chairman of the committee having charge of the
Pacific railroad bill, if you please, agrees, thathe
will not press that until the next day; and the
chairman of some other committee, having chaigo
