1856.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
wm-
Then what is the proof? It is, that we are
obstructing the order of business, that we are
debating, that we are voting for adjournments in
the midst of a debate, and trying to put off ques-
tions. Sir, does that apply to any question which
has been before the Senate with regard to the mi-
nority, except the questions-arising on the Kan-
sas bills coming from the Territorial Committee ?
Because we opposed those Kansas bills, are we
to be charged with a design to revolutionize the
Government, and prevent business being done ?
I apprehend that is not sufficient foundation for
such a charge.
I was for gaining as much time on those bills,
to prevent their passage, as possible, though I
thought it could not be done. I was for gaining
as much time as possible, in order to give all the
merrtbers of the minority who desired it an op-
portunity to address the Senate without being
crowded in the night. Was there anything im-
proper in that? Am I to be charged with being
a revolutionist, because I insisted on that, in ref-
erence to these bills, and those bills alone?
Now, if the honorable Senator charges a course
of proceeding similar to that on the general ordi-
nary business of the body, I deny the charge
fully and completely, and call on him to estab-
lish it by the record. I have never moved an
adjournment. Very seldom has a member of
the minority moved an adjournment. The ma-
jority have taken into their hands the time to
adjourn. I have as often voted against adjourn-
ments as any man; and so have the minority here.
I say we have manifested every disposition at all
times to go on with the business before the Sen-
ate, and do it. When the honorable Senator
charges on the minority here that we have exhib-
ited, by our votes on this floor with reference to
adjournments, and by our speeches, the design
to obstruct business, I say that, in comparison
to our numbers, we have not occupied so much
time as the majority have even in debate on this
floor.
I say further to the Senator, that he cannot
prove, from the records or any fact, that we have
exhibited any such intention, or had it at any
time whatever. The charge, I submit to him, is
certainly a gratuitous one, and without founda-
tion, as based on any action of the minority of this
body at any time. It is certainly without foun-
dation as applied to me, and, so far as I know or
believe, without foundation as applied to any
member of the minority here. I tell the Senator
now that I will not consent that his broad state-
ment shall go to the country of his belief, with-
out saying to him that I think the country will
require something more than the mere expression
of his belief, in order to fasten that charge on the
minority of the Senate.
Mr. DOUGLAS. The Senator wants to know
what private conversations I have had with Sen-
ators and Representatives tp sustain me in my
belief, when he knows that I should not be per-
mitted under the rules to state them, even if I had
had them with himself, which I do not pretend.
He knows that it is against the rules of order,
and against gentlemanly bearing, to come in here
and retail private conversations.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Mr. President, I ask the
gentleman not for any private conversation. If
he says that he has had private conversations
with members of Congress who have avowed
any such design, it is for him to settle whether
he will say it. If he says that his charge is
founded on private conversations with the mem-
bers of the minority here, we must take occasion
to find out what members of the minority have
avowed any such principle. I call upon him
for no such thing. I have the same opinion as
he with reference to retailing private conversa-
tions. I hold it as dishonorable as he does, or
as any other man can. I call upon him for no
such thing. I ask him for the proof of his charge
if he has it.
Mr. DOUGLAS. Then all I have to say
again is, that the action of the minority—and I !
have not characterized it—has been such as to '
satisfy us~and I believe it has been such as to
satisfy the country, and everybody who has wit-
nessed the proceedings of this session—that it is
their partisan policy to disarrange business as
much as possible. That has been the impression
on our minds. Then it became necessary for us
to use all the energies wo had to hurry up busi-
ness, and gi ve each measure a fair hearing. The
mode to which we have resorted, in order to give
that fair hearing, is admitted to be a proper one,
and a just one, calculated to accomplish the object.
Still, that is assailed, and I cannot see any reason
for assailing it, unless to defeat our object. I
used the expression, because I believed everybody
understood it was their party policy. I am not
going to specify Senators here, and there; I am
not going into details. If the minority act in
such a way as to acquit them of this imputation
before the country, I shall be glad of it. If, how-
ever, they continue to act in such a way as to
confirm this impression, let the public judge from
the action which has been had heretofore mboth
Houses of Congress, and from what will happen
between now and the adjournment.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Mr. President, I am not
willing that broad assertions should go out before
the country which I believe are calculated to do in-
justice to myself, as I suppose I am included in
the general charge which is made of a disposition
to obstruct business. The charge is, that the
minority vote for daily adjournments, and oppose
the final adjournment at an early day. I voted
this week for the resolution presented from the
other side for a final adjournment, and I have not
been very apt to vote for daily adjournments. 1
was in favor of an adjournment on a particular
occasion, a short time since, to prevent an all-
night session, but, with the single exception of
my vote on that occasion, I have voted uniformly
with my colleague to bring up the Kansas ques-
tion. I thought it ought to be brought up and
acted upon. The Journals of the Senate will
show that I so voted. There has been no dispo-
sition to prevent the passage of bills to delay the
adjournment of Congress, to produce revolution,
that I have any knowledge of, or have heard of.
The Senator tells us he believes it. Sir, I think it
is written somewhere of a people, that they were
given to believe a lie. A man is not always re-
sponsible for his belief; but that there is any
foundation in the action of the minority here for
the belief which has possessed my colleague, I
cannot see. I do not think there is any; I know
there is none, so far as 1 myself am concerned.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I desire to know what my
colleague means by his statement about people
being given to believe a lie. Does he mean any
personal imputation on myself?
Mr. TRUMBULL. Not at all, and the words
bear no such imputation. My remark was, that
persons were not always responsible for their
belief, and I thought it was written somewhere of
a people, that they were given to believe a lie. 1
do not suppose that my colleague means to assert
that which is false. 1 do not mean to say any
such thing. I say that he is mistaken in his be-
lief. Things have made an impression on his
mind which is erroneous, if he believes, as he
says he does, that there is or was such a design
here I think nothing has occurred to warrant
the belief. Individually, I know I have done
nothing that would justify such a belief. I have
had no such intention. I have never been found
acting in a way to produce revolution, or pre-
vent the ordinary business of the session being
done. I wish to correct that impression which
seems to have taken possession of my colleague's
mind. 1
Mr. WELLER. "What is the question now i
before the Senate ? 1
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Does theSen- J
ator from Illinois renew the motion of the Senator
from California?
Mr. TRUMBULL. No, sir. .
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The question
before the Senate is on the passage of the bill (S.
No. 90) for continuing the improvement of the
harbor of Kenosha.
Mr. WELLER. It has been ably discussed
this morning, and I hope wo shall now take a vote
on it.
Mr. TOOMBS. I ask the yeas and nays on
the passage of the bill.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. BUTLER. I should like to have some
explanation of the geography of this plaee. I
never h ard of it before.
Mr. SEWARD. I will say to the honorable
Senator from South Carolina, that it is unfortu-
nate he was out of his place yesterday. The dis-
cussion of this bill began then, I think, about the
hour of one o'clock, and continued until four; and
the place, the time, the circumstances, the amount
and all other considerations concerning, this im-
provement, were very, elaborately discussed. I
specially responded to the same question in re-
lation to this bill which the honorable Senator haa
now put. A large majority of the Senate then,
voted by yeas and nays that the bill was right,
and should be engrossed for a third reading. It
now remains only that it should have its final
Mr. BUTLER. I was not present when the
Senate adjourned yesterday, but in the course of
the day I recollect I made some remarks on this
general subject. I have not, however, yet re-
ceived any knowledge as to where this place is,
from any explanation which has been made."
Mr. SEWARD. I will inform the honorable
Senator, and all the rest of the Senators, on one
point now; and that is, that whatever other per-
sons, Senators or others, may think of the mi-
nority of the Senate and of me, I shall not answer
any reflections that are made on my course here,-
but shall leave my public action to vindicate the
patriotism and the wisdom of my conduct. In
regard to these bills, being sincerely desirous that
they shall be passed, being equally desirous that
the Pacific railroad bill shall be passed, having no
choice between them as to the order of business,
I have refrained from this debate; and I shall not
say one word in favor of any of these bills, more
than is necessary to give the simple explanation
which may be justly required of me as a member
of the committee. I shall endeavor to see that
they all pass before we sleep to-night.
Mr. BUTLER. I do not disguise the fact that
I make open opposition to these measures; but I
intend to use no arguments, to resort to no strata-
gem, to employ nothing which is not fairly within
the legitimate province of opposition. I frankly
say that what remarks 1 may make on this ques-
tion will not be with a view to influence those
who will vote for bills of this kind without know-
ing anything of the relative locality and impor-
tance of the places to be improved by our appro-
priation.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I will answer the Senator's
inquiry about the location of this place. It is
about half way between Chicago and Milwaukee,
on the western shore of Lake Michigan, forty-
five or fifty miles from each place. It is a town
of eight thousand or nine thousand inhabitants,
and is growing very rapidly. There is behind it
one of the richest countries in the world, one of
the finest wheat-growing regions, with a large
trade and an increasing commerce. It certainly
comes fairly within any system which may be
deemed a just one for the improvement of the
harbors on any of the lakes. It is an important
harbor, on a very exposed coast.
Mr. BUTLER. If the country is a very rich
one, I should think the people would be able to
improve their own harbors; but they prefer, it
seems, to take our money instead of their own.
I suppose 1 cannot prevent it.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 25, nays 11; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Allen, Bell of New Hampshire, Benja-
min, Bii^ht, Cass, Clayton, Oollamer, Dodge, Douglas,
Burkec, Fessenden, Fish, Foot, Foster, Geyer, James,
Johnson, Jones of Iowa, I'uiih, Seward, Thomson of New
Jersev. Trumbull, Wade, Wilson, and Wright—25.
NAYS—Messrs. Adams, Bujgs, Butler. Clay, Fitzpatriek,
Houston, Hunter, Iverson, Mason, Toombs, and Weller—
XI.
So the bill was passed.
HAKBOR OF SHEBOYGAN.
On motion of Mr. SEWARD, the Senate, as
in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to con-
sider the bill (S. No. 91) for continuing the im-
provement of the harbor of Sheboygan, Wiscon-
sin .
As introduced by Mr. Dodge, the bill provided
for the appropriation of §11,000, to be expended
under the direction of the War Department, for
continuing the improvement of the harbor of She-
boygan, Wisconsin, on Lake Michigan.
The Committee on Commerce proposed to
amend the bill by substituting $22,000 for §11,000,
and " completing" for " continuing."
Mr. SEWARD. I am authorized by the com-
mittee to withdraw the amendments.
There being no objection, leave was granted to
withdraw the amendments.
Mr. CLAY. This is a place which was not
