1856.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
113
34th Cong....1st Sess.
Our Relations ivith Great Britain—Mr. Bell.
Senate.
ment of this Government could give validity to
such waiver, and have furnished some just ground
for the difference which has arisen between them.
But as the question now stands, the declaration
of Sir Henry Bulwer can answer no other purpose
than to lay the ground-work for a new arrange-
ment in regard to the possessions in question.
That the Island of Roatan, or Rattan, was in
possession of Great Britain, is conceded; but as
it was forcibly wrested from the State of Hon-
duras in 1839, and as that State never relinquished
her title to it, by the clear and just construction
of the convention as it stands,—stripped of all
embarrassment from the declaration of Sir Henry
Bulwer,—Great Britain is bound, in good faith,
to surrender it, as well as the territory between
the Siboon and Sarstoon rivers, to the rightful
owners. This is so manifest, according to all the
ordinary and established rules of interpretation,
that the Government of Great Britain, in its anx-
iety to retain those possessions, has been driven
to the desperate extremity of maintaining the posi-
tion, that the stipulations of the convention were
prospective in their operation, that Great Britain
is not bound to surrender any possessions which
she held at the time it was entered into, and that
she was only obliged by those stipulations to
abstain from extending her existing possessions,
and no farther—an interpretation which so out-
rages all the usual and accepted canons of inter-
pretation, and would be so gross a violation of the
plain terms of the convention, that it can only be
regarded as an after-thought, not worth consider-
ation.
Undue importance has, I think, been attached
to the Bay Islands by some gentlemen. In the
imaginations of some they are the garden of the
"West Indies. One Senator describes them as the
key to the Gulf of Honduras. The honorable
Senator from Michigan has characterized them
as the Gibraltar of America, which Greqt Britain
has seized upon in her usual monopolizing spirit,
to command all the ship channels in the Carib-
bean sea. I attach no such importance to them;
but still, they are of importance enough to be made
the subject of a demand on the part of this Gov-
ernment for their surrender t  tne State of Hon-
duras.
Will Great Britain surrender the possession of
these islands? Great Britain will be slow to give
them up. That she should be reluctant to yield
possessions which do not appear to have been
considered by the negotiators of the convention,
though within the spirit as well as the letter of it,
is natural enough; but she will yield them rather
than provoke a war, unless other considerations
now control her policy. It is possible that she
may foresee, from developments of American
policy since the date of the convention, and from
the possible results of a certain movement now
in progress in Central America, that a present
surrender of the possessions in question cannot
bring about a durable adjustment of the conflict-
ing interests and policy of the two Governments
connected with Central American affairs. What
her policy may be, what the interest she is now
desirous of maintaining in that quarter of the
world, can only be conjectured; but it is not
wholly improbable that Great Britain has de-
termined to surrender no part of the possessions
she now holds in Central America, until the pres-
ent complication of affairs in that country shall
find a solution satisfactory to her.
Altogether, the history of the negotiations and
discussions upon the subject of the convention of
1850 present some singular anomalies. In the
negotiation of the convention, the great object
was avowed by both Governments to be the pro-
tection and neutrality of the ship-canal across the
Isthmus, and all inter-oceanic communications
between the Atlantic and Pacific which might be
constructed. Now, however, as we learn from
the instructions to our Minister at London, the
paramount object of that treaty, on the part of the
United States, " was to prevent Great Britain
from acquiring or exercising dominion in Central
America;" and we hear very little about the
canal.
For three years after the conclusion Qf the treaty
there was no jar between the Governments of the
United States and Great Britain ; and it was con-
ceded that Great Britain might not only interpose
New Series—No. 8
by her influence in the affairs of the Central Amer-
ican States for the protection of the Mosquito In-
dians, but it was held to be her bounden duty,
under the treaty, to bring all her influence to be
ar in adjusting the conflicting territorial claims
of Costa Rica and Nicaragua.
Now, after three years of abortive effort to effect
that object, the Government of the United States
takes the position, in effect, that Great Britain has
no right to interfere in the affairs of those States,
especially in relation to any supposed rights of
the Mosquito Indians, and that the question of
their rights is one which concerns Nicaragua and
the Indians exclusively.
Cotemporaneously with this new position in
regard to the Mosquito protectorate, tne Govern-
ment of the United States instructs its Minister
to insist that the British settlement at Honduras
shall be restricted to its original limits, and that
the Bay Islands shall be surrendered to the State
of Honduras; objects which the late Administra-
tion regarded as of such subordinate importance
that they might be well left to a separate negoti-
ation, after the main objects of the treaty should
be accomplished.
If the policy of this Government had been to
bring about an early and satisfactory adjustment
of the differences between the two countries in
relation to the stipulations of the convention of
1850, when this last demand was made—and, I
admit, properly made—there our Government
should bave stopped. Instead of that, however,
Mr. Buchanan was instructed to bring to the notice
of the British Government the form of government
it might think proper to establish in the British set-
tlement of Honduras, and to notify Great Britain
that the United States would not consent to any
change in the form of government authorized by
the treaty of1786, in that settlement, on the ground
that such change would conflict with the Monroe
doctrine, which the President.was resolved to
maintain.
Sir, the setting up of this pretension bv our
Government has probably been a great stumbling-
block in the way of an amicable adjustment of the
points in controversy under the Clayton-Bulwer
treaty. Gr^at Britain, as we know, has never
recognized the Monroe doctrine as a rule of inter-
natioi\al law, by which the nations of Europe are
bound to deport themselves; and if her pretensions
at Belize should be in any way restricted or regu-
lated on the demand of the United States in the
enforcement of this doctrine, it would be a clear
recognition of it on her part. She is probably
not disposed to do this; and if such a recognition
is insisted upon by the United States, I cannot
see how a war can be avoided.
Mr. President, many circumstances have oc-
curred since the date of the convention of 1850
which are well calculated to give more than ordi-
nary significance to the position assumed by our
Minister at London, in relation to the Monroe
doctrine, and which may have had a decided influ-
ence upon the course of Great Britain. Since
1850 a hostile expedition, composed chiefly of
American citizens, lias been planned against Cuba,
and though unauthorized by the Government, it
sailed from one of the principal commercial ports
of the Union, and a considerable portion of the
people of the United States were supposed to
sympathize with its objects. Then came the
proposition to annex the Sandwich Islands, which
I had occasion to know was seriously entertained
by the party in power at the time. Then came
the open and direct proposition to purchase the
Island of Cuba.
In this connection it is proper to notice, that
the Clayton-Bulwer treaty was itself earnestly-
assailed in the debates which took place in this
body, on the ground, first, that it did not at once
expel Great Britain from the whole of her pre-
tensions and possessions in Central America,
under the supposition that the Belize belonged to
Central America; and, secondly, thatit interposed
barriers to the expansive destiny of tjus great re-
public. Sir, I mention these as historical facts. I
do not know that those developments have had the
slightest influence on the councils of Great Brit-
ain. They may have had none at all, ortheymay
have decided the course recently taken by Great
Britain in relation to her engagements under the
Clayton and Bulwer treaty. We do know that
Lord Clarendon, in congratulating the people of
England upon the French alliance, gave a gentle
intimation that, when France and England
should have accomplished the first object of the
alliance, by the protection of Turkey against the
aggressive power of Russia, they might turn
their attention to the regulation of American
affairs; a declaration which he afterwards had
some difficulty in explaining.
Some gentlemen have declined to discuss the
Monroe doctrine, in connection with this subject,
on the ground, I suppose, that they do not con-
sider it as having any necessary connection with
it. On the contrary, I regard it as the substantial
foundation of all the difficulties which now exist
between us and Great Britain in relation to Cen-
tral American affairs.
What may have* been the policy of our Gov-
ernment in thrusting the Monroe doctrine into the
discussions between the two Governments on the
Clayton and Bulwer treaty, is a question quite as
difficult of a satisfactory inteipretation as the pro-
visions of the treaty itself. And more so, unless
I the object was to break up the treaty, or to em-
brace what is supposed to be a propitious junc-
ture, when, if ever, we can extort from Great
Britain the recognition of a favorite doctrine; and
should she obstinately refuse to admit it, that we
are as well prepared as need be, to assert it by the
sword. I infer, from the speech of the honor-
able Senator from Michigan, that this is the inter-
pretation which he places upon the course of the
Executive upon this subject.
It may be that Great Britain considers that
the spirit of the Monroe doctrine, asserted in the
late discussions in relation to British Honduras,
extends to Jamaica and every other island of the
West Indian archipelago, whether held by hei or
any other European Power; and that this Gov-
ernment only waits the progress of events and of
time to expel every European Power, not only
from the American islands, but from the Ameri-
can continent. And if she shall apprehend that
the acquisition of the dominion of all those islands,
to say nothing of the European possessions on
this continent, is foreshadowed in the pretension
put forward in relation to British Honduras, she
may elect, like the Government of the United
States, to make the issue now, if the struggle for
exclusive dominion in America must come, and
not to postpone it until the United States shall be
better prepared for the conflict.
Sir, I differ entirely from those who seek to
establish the doctrine that we are in a condition
to coerce England, or any other great European
Power, into submission to this doctrine. The
time may come when this country may, with
better assurance of success, make such a trial of
its resources, but it is not now. The Senator
from New York [Mr. Seward] was right when
he said that a war with Great Britain would be
no common war. A war waged upon such a
principle would be a war between tnis country
and all the maritime Powers of Europe united.
My honorable friend from Vermont [Mr.
Foot] told us that we had nothing to fear from
a war with Great Britain. I suppose he meant,
of course, to include her allies also. If he meant
to say that our liberties and independence would
not be endangered by such a war, I agree with
hiifl, but no further. My friend stated the prop-
osition modestly and not in any bad taste; but,
sir, it is too much the habit of many of our coun-
trymen to indulge (like our kinsmen over the
water) in the language of bravado, I probably
have as high an estimate of our real strength and
resources as any other gentleman; but I deprecate
this vaunting our resources—this eternal blazon-
ing of our power and invincibility. It misleads
ourselves, and it frightens none of the great Pow-
ers of Europe.
As I have alluded to the Monroe doctrine, I
cannot conclude my remarks without some further
reference to that subject; and I am sorry that the
honorable Senator from Michigan is not present
to hear what I have to say upon it,
, Mr. President, what is the Monroe doctrine?
The honorable Senator fVom Michigan inscribed
it as a great American principle, deeply ingrafted
in the hearts of the American people, and which
must, sooner or later, become tne established pol-
icy of this great country. It is the pole star wn^Ji
