THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN C. RIVES, WASHINGTON, D. C.
Thirty-Fourth Congress, 1st Session.
SATURDAY, APRIL 12, 1856.
New Series No. 54.
has been received, and is before the Senate, all
the preliminary questions of handwriting and
identity, it seems to me, are passed upon. This,
then,' is a petition regularly signed,and admitted
to be so, before the Senate; because the objection
was not taken at the time when it was competent
for any Senator to take it; and, therefore, the
question must be decided independent of the cavils
which have been raised upon identity of hand-
writing.
Another objection is, that it is a petition pur-
porting to be from the senators and representa-
tives of the State of Kansas. It strikes me that
gentlemen have allowed themselves to run into
another mistake. I do not understand that, when
these petitioners come here, and represent them-
selves as senators and representatives of the State
of Kansas, they assume that they are a State of
this Confederacy in the same way that South
Carolina or New Hampshire is. Tliey assume
what I suppose to be a conceded right. I think
I heard the honorable Senator from South Caro-
lina, himself, some time ago, speaking upon the
subject of the Missouri compromise, say that,
when the Missouri compromise was passed, and
when Missouri was voted into the Union, under
the terms on which she was admitted, the North
submitted, because they knew that if she did not
come into the Union she would be a State out of j
the Union, and would so remain. Itwas, I believe !
he said, the anticipation oftliat very state of tilings
which induced the passage of the bill admitting
Missouri. Am I not right in attributing that
to the Senator from South Carolina? 1 think
I am.
Mr. BUTLER. My mind was not fully given
to the remarks of the Senator, and I do not know
that I comprehend him exactly; but I will state
very frankly anything which I have said.
Mr. HALE. I will state my proposition again.
I understood the Senator from South Carolina,
some time ago, to state, on the floor of the Senate,
that one of the reasons which induced the admis-
sion of the State of Missouri, under the terms on
which she was admitted, was an apprehension
on the pnrt of some that, if she was not admitted
into the Union as a State, she was a State out of
the Union, and would so remain.
Mr. BUTLER. I have always understood, as
a part of the history of those times, derived from
conversation with men who took part in them —
and I believe it to be so—that when the territorial
government of Missouri sent in a petition to Con-
gress for leave to hold a convention to form a
Stateconstitution, and when that leave was given,
and she did form a constitution, she assumed,
what I think she was entitled to, the position of
a State; and if Congress did not admit her into
the Union after that, she could assume the posi-
tion of an independent State out of the Union.
That is what I said, and say now.
Mr. HALE. That is enough for my argument,
because that establishes the position, in the judg-
ment of those who are opposed to this petition,
that a State may assume to be a State, and be a
State, without claiming to be one of the United
States of this Confederacy. There is no arro-
gance and no falsehood upon the face of this pe-
tition m the signers representing themselves to
be members of the House and Senate of that
State, because, by the position of the honorable
Senator from South Carolina, there may be a
State outside of the Union,and within the terri-
torial limits of the United States.
Mr. BUTLER. I hope the gentleman will
allow me to correct him as he goes on. I perceive
that he is disposed to treat me fairly, and when I
see that disposition I shall always avoid anything
like a collision. The position which I took is a
very different one from that which the Senator
has attributed to me. I say there is a great deal
of difference between a lawful State, and an un-
lawful State—between a State de jure and a State
de facto. 1 say that the birth of a State, through
the process prescribed for Missouri, gave her the
right to assume the dignity of a State, either to
come into the Union if Congress would aumit
54
her, or to be out of the Union if they would not
do so. I take a very different position in regard
to a parcel of intruders on our lands setting up
the right to become a State by simply investing
themselves with the name of a State. According
to my understanding of our practice, before a
Territory can become a State there is required
on her part such numbers, position, and relation
to the other States as to give her the dignity of a
Commonwealth. Now, if the gentleman will say
here in fairness that six thousand people—be-
cause that is about their number—can become a
State, in any contemplation of the term, equal
with the States of this Union, or can become such
a Commonwealth as is within the purview of the
Constitution of the United States, I shall give up
the question. If he says so, very well.
Mr. HALE. Mr. President, I think I did not
misunderstand the Senator, and certainly I will
not misrepresent him. The only purpose for
which 1 used his confession, or position, was to
show that it was not necessary for a State to be
a member of this Confederacy in order to be a
State, no matter how she gets so. I waive the
question of the legality or illegality of the pre-
liminary steps which she takes to make herself
a State. It is enough for my argument that she
may be a State without being a member of the
Confederacy. Having established that — that
position being conceded—my aigument is that it
is not arrogant, it is not false, in the signers of
this petition to represent themselves as mem-
bers of the Legislature of the State of Kansas,
because, by so representing themselves, they do
not assume that they are a State of the Confed-
eracy.
There is another case much more recent than
that of the admission of Missouri—the case of
the State of California. That State was organ-
ized before she was admitted into the Union, or
had permission fiom Congress to organize a State
government. There was no preliminary permis-
sion given to her, but she organized outside of
the Union, without the consent of Congress. In
that condition—no consent having been given—
she claimed to be a State, chose her Represent-
atives to Congress, and elected two gentlemen to
seats on this lloor. Tliey took their seats here
by the consent of this body, although they were
chosen by that State when she was organized
without being admitted into the Confederacy, and
without the consent of Congress having been
previously given. She exorcised all the powers
of a State, the highestpowers of a State, by elec-
ting Senators to come here.
Then we have these two points established:
first, that there may be a State -without being a
member of the Confederacy, as was the State of
Missouri; and second, that there may be a State
without being a member of the Confederacy, and
without having previously obtained the consent
of Congress to establish a constitution. Now,
these arc the objectionable features which are
pointed out in this petition of Kansas. I think it
is clear that these objections are obviated, if pre-
cedent is good for anything. Then the question
presents itself in this simple form: Is there any-
thing more than that—is there anything behind
that—which should raise any excitement on the
subject? It strikes me not, if I am right in sup-
posing that objection to everything which is on the
face of the paper, and to everything relating to
the hand-writing of the signers is obviated by
the reception of the petition. If, by virtue of
the two precedents to which I have adverted,
there may be a State without the consent of Con-
gress, and without being a member of the Confed-
eracy, I contend that there is nothing arrogant,
nothing false, and nothing improper in these gen-
tlemen" thus representing themselves.
Well, sir, the honorable Senator from South
Carolina pours out, with his usual eloquence, his
denunciations against anarchy. I join him in
every syllable of them. I think that. I detest
anarchy and oppression as earnestly, and as
deeply, and as sincerely as he does. It is because
I hate anarchy that I ask that this petition may
be received, and that its prayer may be granted,
so that the reign of anarchy may be put an end
to.
These petitioners come forward and tell you,
that your attempt to give them a government has
been a failure, a signal failure, and that that gov-
ernment, instead of affording them protection,
has been a means of oppression; that instead of
being the shield to protect, it has been the spear
to wound them; that your attempt to give thera
government has resulted in an utter, entire, and.
total failure; and they are therefore driven back
to that position which every people are bound to
assume in like circumstances. When a govern-
ment fails to attain for the people living under it
the great ends for which government is always
instituted and constituted, it is their right and
their duty to seek other and different forms of
government—to abolish the old and institute the
new. These petitioneis have not taken the
sword; they have not taken the last resort. In
these latter days they live under such institutions
and in such a period of the world, that the re-
dress which our fathers had to seek by arms and
by resistance upon the battle-field to tyranny,
oppression, and wrong government, they may
demand in the peacable, quiet, and orderly oper-
ations of this Government, which is over them;
and this is what they invoke. They do not
invoke the Army. They invoke protection against
your army sent there to oppress thera. They
do not appeal to arms; but they ask you to give
them the shield of the Constitution in the most
effective form in which you can give it to them.
They ask you constitutionally, peaceably, and
quietly, to allow them to take upon themselves
the burdens of a government, so that they may
find that protection which your attempt has
utterly failed to give them.
There may be something very obnoxious in
all this; there may be something to excite all the
opposition which it has received; but I confess
that my mind does not see it. At this stage of
the case I shall not commit myself, though I
have very strong impressions as to how I shall
vote on the ultimate question of establishing the
State government for which they ask. All that
I desire in this stage of the case is, that their peti-
tion shall be respectfully treated, and I hope it wilt
be printed.
I wish to say a word more while I am up, for
I do not mean to occupy a great deal of time, nor
do I expect to sneak on this question again in its
present stage. I wish to say to gentlemen, that
it seems to me there is an undue sensitiveness
on this subject. As was suggested by the Sen-
ator from Maine, three or four other petitions of
a similar character to this have been presented
and printed. Why not this ? Why is this to
bo treated in a different way ? Sir, if the issue is
to be made on this question, I wish it were on
the reception, instead of on the motion to print
the petition. If the issue is to be made on this
question, I think it could not have been made on
a more favorable one, nor on one which will more
understanding^ present the position ot those
who take sides upon it, than the aspect in which
it is now presented by the opponents of the
motion to print.
Mr. DOUGLAS. Mr. President 
Mr. MASON. I hope the honorable Senator *
will allow me to offer a resolution with a view to
get at the real question.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I wish to say a word in
reply to the Senator from New Hampshire.
The PRESIDENT. One o'clock, the hourfor
another special order having arrived, the Senate
must proceed to its consideration, unless other-
wise ordered.
Mr. STUART. I hope the special order will
be postponed. I wish to have the river and
harbor bills taken up. I desire to ask the Chair
what is the special order for this hour to-day ?
The PRESIDENT. The first special order is
the motion of Mr, Johnson to refer to the Com-
mittee on Printing the motion of Mr. Weller
to print ten thousand additional copies of the
