•114
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSONAL GLOBE.
[February 26,
34th Cong„..1st Sess.
Our Relations with Great Britain—Mr. Bell.
Senate.
is to guide us in the conduct of our foreign rela-
tions upon all questions touching American ter-
ritory and dominion. It is described, in the lan-
guage of Jefferson, as " the most momentous
question presented for our contemplation since
thai of independence; that made a nation—this
sets the compass and points the course which
we are to steer through the ocean of time." If
that be true, what can we say less of the authors
and great advocates of this doctrine, than that
immortal renown waits upon their names—Mon-
roe, Jefferson, the younger Adams—shall I add
Polk and Pierce ? Fresh renown will cluster
round their memories as time advances, through
endless ages. I omit to speak of the share of
glory acquired by the honorable Senator from
Michigan, by his long and unwearied advocacy
of this doetnne, out of respeot to his modesty.
Now, I repeat, what is the Monroe doctrine ?
I will imitate the example of the honorable Senator
from Michigan, and let Mr. Monroe speak for
himself. In his annual message, of 1823, he
announced these sentiments and propositions:
" That it was impossible for the allied Powers
to extend their political system to any part of
America without endangering our peace and hap-
piness, a.nd equally impossible, therefore, that
we should behold such interference with indiffer.
ence.
Secondly: " That the occasion had been judged
proper for. asserting, as a principle in which the
rights and interests of the United States were in-
volved, that the American continents, by the free
and independent condition which they had as-
sumed and maintained, were henceforth not to be
considered as subjects foi^uture colonization by
any European Power."
When we reflect that the views presented by
Mr. Monrde in the .first branch of the doctrine
which goett under his name, were enunciated
soon after the American provinces of Spain, fol-
lowing the example of the British colonies of
North America, had thrown off the dominion of
the mother country, and formed republics upon
the model of the United States, and at a time
when the Holy Alliance, then in full vigor, med-
itated the reestablishment of the dominion of
Spain over her revolted colonies, none can deny
that they emanated from a noble impulse; and we
know that they received an enthusiastic response
in the hearts of the American people. They were
intended to shield and defend the young repub-
lics, just entering into the family of nations, full
of the assurance of a glorious future, against the
despotic Powers of Europe which designed to
crush their young hopes, and reduce them once
more to the state of colonial vassalag;e from which,
sword in hand* they had so recently %nerged."
What may be called the second branch of the
Monroe doctrine, or, ja&er, a more complete
development of the first, was intended to preserve
the new republics against the influence of any
further lodgment of the despotic principles of
Europe, in the form of dependent provinces, in
any of the unoccupied portions of the New World
In the visions of the sages of that day, the Amer-
ican continent was to become the chosen domicile
of republics—the Eden of liberty, and the elder
sister was prepared to assume the office of sentinel
at the gate, to watch the approach of the serpent
of despotism, which was seeking to enter oniv
to beguile and destroy. ' 7
The Powers of the Old World had their system
°f policy and government. The views promul-
£a!e j J ^Ir; MoTnr^e' elal3orated and slightly
extended by Mr. Jefferson, were, that it should
be a fundamental maxim with the republics of
America never to embroil themselves with the
affairs of Europe, and never to allow Europe to
intermeddle in American affairs; that the Ameri-
can continent, North and South, "had a set of
interests distinct from those of Europe, and pecu-
liarly her own; she should therefore have a sys-
Europe " °Wn'separate and aPart fr°m that of
Acting upon these suggestions, or, as some sup-
pose , acting upon his own original conception,
Mr, Adams, in 1825, advised the appointment of a
minister to the Congress convoked by the southern
republics at Panama, on their invitation, with a
view to establish and cement between them rela-
tions of perpetual amity, founded upon a common
interest, a common policy, and acommon destiny;
asdistinctfrom the interest and policy of Europe,
and with the subsidiary purpose, no doubt, of
aiding those republics, by our counsel and our
countenance, in their new and to them untried
i, experiment of self-government. Whether the
policy which Mr. Adams advocated, in regard to
the Panama mission, was wise or unwise, it was
clearly founded in the true and original spirit of
the Monroe doctrine.
Such were the broad and liberal principles and
, objects of those patriots who conceived and an-
nounced the Monroe doctrine; and as long as
, they were adhered to, while the Powers of Europe
| might not be disposed to recognize them, in form,
! as dogmas of international law, they haid no just
I or fair ground for exception or protest.
j | I have defined, as briefly as I could, the Monroe
j doctrine as it was understood in 1825; but, sir,
what is the Monroe doctrine now? So changed,
: so perverted in its essential spirit and objects—
' in all that gave it moral force and influence—in
i, all that commended it to the respect, if not the
acquiescence, of liberal statesmen in every part
of the world—that I may say of it, as the Senator
from Delaware said of the Mosquito protectorate
after the treaty of 1850, "stat nominis umbra,"
and no more comparable to the doctrine enunci-
ated by Mr.Monroe than " Hyperion toa satyr."
The policy of the Monroe doctrine, as origin-
ally announced and understood, was to protect
and defend the new republics of the South against
: the attacks, insidious or open, of the despotic
1 Powers of the Old World—to take them by the
hand, to bind them to us by mutual ties of con-
fidence and friendly offices, and to cheer them
on in their new career as independent nations.
But since that time it has been to leave them
to struggle on in their feebleness, to waste them-
selves in petty domestic feuds and wars with each
other, almost without notice from their elder sis-
ter, without any well-digested effort to compose
their quarrels by peaceful intervention; and even '
without any public expression of our sympathy.
J Then, the policy of the Monroe doctrine was
; to uphold and maintain the southern republics in
J their separate existence and integrity against the
, encroachments and machinations of transatlantic
! foes—now, it seems to be the policy of thif doc-
trine to iHterpose our influence, and if necessary
our arms, against the intrusion of the Powers of
Europe, that we may be free to consolidate their
territories, and annex them to our own; and thus
j; to build up one great colossal empire in America,
which cannot fail to become more formidable to
ourselves than to the Powers of Europe.
Mr. President, this question is too large and
|\ too important to this country to be discussed in-
11 eidentally. It ia a misnomer to call the doctrine
now set up the Monroe doctrine. It would be
more descriptive and correct to call it the doctrine
of progressive absorption, annexation, and con-
quest.
What we have lost by the perversion of the
original spirit of the Monroe doctrine may be
summed up in a very few words. We have lost
the confidence of the South American republics,
and, with their confidence, all the commercial and
political advantages which, from our position, we
had a right to expect when those republics sprang
into existence. Sir, we have made it question-
able with many of them whether an alliance with
some great Power of Europe would not be less
perilous to their independence than any they can
contract with the United States; and it may be
doubted whether, at this day, if there should be
a war between the United States and Great Brit-
ain, the sympathies of most of these republics
would not be with Great Britain. i
We have lost, besides, all credit for moderation
in the pursuit of power and dominion, and con-
sequently excited the jealousy and ill-feeling of
iuurope. Whatever influence we may exercise
hereafter upon the great affairs of the world, will
be the result,jrather of the fear inspired by our
physical resources and our resentment, than any
confidence in our counsels, or any great respect
"s, as a n!"lon-, To lloid such a position be-
fore the world, who that is proud of his country
and its institutions, would not condemn as alike
f"f '°,"ous^n,d f®lse to the destiny which the great
founders of the Repuolic sought to insure for it ?
The Clayton and Bulwer treaty was founded
in the true spirit of the original Monroe doctrine;
but, as I have already stated, it has been vigor-
ously assailed by gentlemen of no ordinary posi-
[ tion in talents and influence, on the ground, that
; it interposed obstacles to the irresistible destiny
which awaited the territory affected by it, in
becoming part and parcel of this ever-expanding
« Republic. And even now, when the executive
administration of this Government appears so
earnestly bent on the enforcement and the fulfill-
ment of the stipulations of that treaty on the part
of Great Britain, that a war would be regarded as
j a less evil than to allow the minutest part of them
i to be evaded; still we cannot feel an absolute
assurance that it is not intended to be broken up,
beneficent and noble as it is, in its provisions, if
not by war, by legislative abrogation, under the
force and influence of the Monroe doctrine, as
now interpreted.
The unremitted reign of faction and the dissolv-
ing elements of all public authority and subor-
dination in the States of Mexico, our immediate
neighbors, may, perhaps, soon present a test of
the strength of parties and of popular sentiment
in this country in relation to this policy. I have
already heard some notes of preparation for the
coming conflict on that subject. It is not im-
probable that before long we shall have presented
! to us the question whether the Monroe doctrine,
i according to its new version, shall become the
' established policy of the United States, under a
phase of great advantage to its advocates.
It may be said that, unless a great and radical
change shall take place in Mexico very soon, the
better class of the inhabitants, robbed of their
substance by perpetual exactions, their industry
paralyzed, their patience exhausted, may be
, driven to desperation, and, as they may not be able
to set up a dictator from among themselves, of
sufficient,capacity and influence to give stability
to his government, will be prepared to take refuge,
from the evils by which they are oppressed, under
the dominion of any great Power which may have
the disposition to assume, and the ability to main-
tain it—Spain, with the guarantee of England and
France—or the United States. If the offer be
made to the former, can we permit the acceptance
of it? If to the United States, can we safely
reject it?
This will be a grave issue when it shall arise.
If the people of the United States shall decide
that, under no circumstances, can they permit a
foreign potentate to reign in Mexico, the imposing
question may be put, Will you play the part of
the dog in the manger, and doom that fine country
to perpetual anarchy—its rich and varied natural
resources forever undeveloped, and its suffering
inhabitants in hopeless despair?
Such will be the imposing presentation of the
question by the advocates of annexation; but,
while I.cannot agree that the condition of affairs
in Mexico is now, or is likely soon to become, so
desperate as some suppose it will, whatever may
be the actual state of things at any time, when the
question of annexation shall be before us, if it
ever does in my day, I shall be prepared to take
my stand against it. The preservation of my own
country and its institutions against the extension
of a policy which I foresee will inevitably destroy
it, if persisted in, shall be the law of my conduct.
I have no confidence in the theory that our sys-
tem of government can be indefinitely extended
with safety, with all the aids which railroads,
steamships, and telegraphic wires can give. I
can never agree that five millions of the aboriginal
race of the States of Mexico, all of whom would
necessanly become citizens of the United States,
as they are citizens of Mexico—I never call agree
that such a population, ignorant of our laws and
■ institutions, and liable to be wielded in mass
with such effect as to control our policy, and even
| change our political system, shall ever become a
part of the people of tne United States.
Let not Senators suppose that I am digress-
ing far from the subject under consideration, and
adverting to a question which will never arise
This identical question was six years a<>-o sub-
stantially before the Senate, and it will come up
again. Xhe States of Central America, and what
shall be their future, present a question more im*
mediately connected with the subject under con-
