850
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 10,
message of the President in relation to affairs in
Kansas.
Mr. STUART. In accordance -with the pre-
vious understanding, I move to postpone all the
prior orders, and proceed to the consideration of
the river and harbor bills.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I desire to submit only two
or three words in reply to the Senator from New
Hampshire, if the Senate will allow me; it will
take but a few moments.
The PRESIDENT. It rpquires unanimous
consent, the Senate having appointed a special
order for one o'clock, and that hour having ar-
rived.
Mr. STUART. I hare no objection to hearing
the Senator, if it can be understood by the Sen-
ate that then the motion which I have submitted
shall be considered; but if this question is to run
into a general debate during the day, I mustinsist
on my motion.
Mr. RUSK. I perceive that several Senators
desire to address the Senate on this memorial.
Some have already spoken, and others desire to
speak. I think it is better to go on now and get
rid of that question. I therefore move the post-
ponement of all the special orders, so as to allow
us to continue the debate on this memoral, and
dispose of it.
Mr. STUART. I suppose that my motion to
postpone the prior orders, and proceed to the
consideration of the river and harbor bills, takes
precedence of the motion of the Senator from
Texas. On my motion, I ask for the yeas and
nays.
Mr. DOUGLAS. Is the question to be taken
jointly on the proposition of the Senator from
Michigan, or may his motion be divided?
The PRESIDENT. The question is first on
postponing the special order named by the Chair.
Mr. BUTLER. I do not think the speaking
on this memorial will take long, and I desire to
have it disposed of. I do not wish to come in
every morning to be called to an account on these
matters, from the opposition which I liave made
to the printing. I wish to have the question dis-
posed of, and I think we had better go on with
it now, while the iron is in the furnace, and not
let it get cold again.
The PRESIDENT. The question is on the
motion of the Senator from Michigan.
Mr. BAYARD. I tlnnk it is but justice to those
who entertain different sentiments and sympa-
thies from the honorable Senators from Maine
and New Hampshire, that they should have an
opportunity to state their ground of opposition
to the printing of the memorial. I shall therefore
vote against taking up the special orders, in order
that this debate may now be continued until we
dispose of the proposition before the Senate. We
ought to continue it injustice to both sides.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I would ask the Chair,
whether, if we refuse to postpone the special
orders, the effect will be to continue the present
debate ?
The PRESIDENT. If the Senate refuse to
postpone the special order, it will then be before
the Senate.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I shall feel compelled to vote
against taking up any other measure until we
dispose of this question. I think it is due to us
to debate the issues which have been presented
here, and to dispose of the question. While I
should be glad to vote with the Senator from
Michigan to take up the bills to which he alludes,
I shall feel constrained to vote against liis motion
on that ground. I know that others will vote as
I do, and I think the Senator had better waive
the motion until we can get rid of this memorial.
The PRESIDENT. Does the Senator from
Michigan insist on his motion ?
Mr. S TUART. I believe I can state my views
on this question without the slightest feeling.
The river and harbor bills which were reported
from the Committee on Commerce were reported
some weeks ago, before the Kansas question
was brought to the notice of the Senate in any
shape or form. They had a priority to the special
order that has been made of the Navy bill. They
were reported weeks before either of them. I
have had a full and complete understanding with
the Senators who have charge of the Navy hill
and resolutions, and with the chairman of the
Committee on Military Affairs, who has a bill
which has precedence as a special order, and with
the honorable Senator from Illinois also, that,
after the Senator from Missouri and the Senator
from New York should have been heard on the
Kansas question, we should proceed to the con-
sideration of the river and harbor bills.
The question which is now before the Senate
is identical in debate with every other question
growing out of Kansas affairs. It is a question
upon which every Senator desires to be heard.
It is one upon which I desire to be heard myself
among others. If I yield to the suggestions of
Senators now, how shall I be presented as one
of the members of the Committee on Commerce
clothed with the charge of the bills to which I
have alluded, which were made a special order
by the Senate, but have now been postponed two
weeks out of their time for the purpose of allow-
ing the intermediate discussions ? Hardly a day
passes when, either upon the introduction of a
petition, or in some other form, the Kansas or the
Navy question is not sprung upon the Senate.
They are exciting questions. There is a dispo-
sition to consider them, and to consider them at
once. 1 am not disposed to make any complaint
about it. As I have said, I have no feeling in
regard to this matter. On this and all other ques-
tions, when I come to discuss tliem, I shall en-
deavor to express my judgment.
But, sir, when, under this state of things, will
the bills with the direction of which I am charged
by the Committee on Commerce come up for con-
sideration? To-morrow is private bill day. The
Senate has expressed a desire to adjourn until
Monday. For Monday a special order has been
assigned. On Tuesday, by common understand-
ing, the Senator from Alabama [Mr. Clay] is to
have the floor on the Kansas question. The Sen-
ator from Illinois desires, and I think rightly,
whenever tliatiquestion shall be reached again,
to have it disposed of continuously. Then how
are we presented? If I permit this day to be
consumed, as it will be, in a discussion of this
, motion to print, without calling for a vote of the
Senate on the business which I have named, I
shall have failed to perform my duty to the com-
mittee. If the Senatechoose to vote otherwise, I
shall be the last gentleman to interpose any
ground of complaint. It is a business within the
control of the Senate. I only ask that the yeas
and nays may be taken upon my motion, so that
I can discharge my duty in the premises. That
being done, I shall institute no objection what-
ever to any form of business that the Senate may
see fit to take up.
Mr. BAYARD. I do not object to the consid-
eration of the river and harbor bills, or to their
passage—at least those of them which I have in-
vestigated; but it seems to me that during the
whole of this session we have pursued no regular
order of debate or of business. Subjects have
been interlaced with each other at different times,
and no one has known what would be the sub-
ject of discussion in the Senate on a particular
day, until debate actually commenced. The mo-
tion discussed this morning comes upon us unex-
pectedly, arising from a petition which has been
presented, which, in the judgment of some Sena-
tors, is of importance on account of the principle
involved in it. It involves the recognition, as I
suppose, of an act of plain rebellion, or treason,
against the laws of the United States—incipient
treason at any rate. The question is, therefore,
an important one. It comes to us arising out
of a petition. It must be met as it comes. You
have heard the views of one side of the question
to-day, and now the debate is to be cut short,
and other subjects in terposed, before you can hear
those on the other side. I have no idea that this
motion, or any motion connected with the memo-
rial, will be made the occasion for set speeches on
the part of Senators. I suppose the debate may
possibly take up the day, but it will be merely a
debate, and the subject can be disposed of during
the day. I think it wiser and better to get rid of
it before we take up the river and harbor bills. I
shall, therefore, vote against the motion of the
Senator from Michigan.
The PRESIDENT. Will the Senator from
Michigan state his motion again?
Mr. STUART. My motion is to postpone all
the prior orders, and take up the river and harbor
bills.
The PRESIDENT. The first question will be
on the motion to postpone, and then on taking up
those bills for consideration. The question is on
postponing the special order announced by the
Chair, and on thatmotion the Senitorfrom Mich-
igan asks for the yeas and nays.
Mr. STUART. At the request of Senators,
I shall not ask for the yeas and nays on the mo-
tion to postpone.
The motion was agreed to; and the special or-
der was postponed until to-morrow.
Mr. STUART. Now, I move to take up the
river and harbor bills, and on that question I ask
for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. RUSK. I shall vote against the motion
of the Senator from Michigan for the purpose of
saving time. If we continue a running debate of
this kind day after day during the morning hour,
more time will be consumed by it than if we were
to dispose of the question at once.
1 shall vote against the motion on another
ground. I think that now to postpone the ques-
tion which has been debated this morning would
be extremely unfair. It is a question which
excites much feeling, which gives rise to much
violent language, and it has afforded to the hon-
orable Senator from Maine an opportunity to
compare with Lord North every gentleman here
who does not feel at liberty to have printed for the
Senate a stump speech which is clamorous and
abusive of other people. That language was used
by one Senator; and the Senatorfrom New Hamp-
shire has been heard on the same side; but when
the Senator from Kentucky [Mr. Crittenden]
rose to speak, the subject must be postponed; no
answer must be given to these taunts and impu-
tations. I do not think that is fair. I desire to
see this debate finished. I regard this paper as
part and parcel of a great deal of the trash which
has been disseminated about Kansas. It is a
remarkable stump speech. The object is not in
reference to the business of the Senate. There
is no anxiety to sec this paper in print, because
the constitution formed by these men is here
already, as well as two or three petitions on the
subject. This is a remarkable stump speech lau-
; datory of the parties engaged in this " laudable"
attempt to deprive others of their rights, and is
abusive and slanderous of them. The object is
to print it, and circulate it abroad through the
country, giving it the sanction of an order to print
by the Senate in violation of a rule. Those of
us who dare to vote against the printing of such
a paper are to be denounced as coadjutors of
Lord North; but before we express our views the
matter is to be postponed, and we are to have no
time to reply.
I shall vote against the motion, because, in the
first place, I think it will save the time of the Sen-
ate to dispose of this question now; and, in the
next place, because I regard it as unfair to post-
pone it.
The yeas and nays were taken, and resulted—
yeas 17, nays 25; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Bell of New Hampshire, Bell of Tennes-
see, Uenjamin, Drisht. Cass, CoUamer, Dodge, Foot, Geyer,
Hale, Hamlin, Hailan, Pugii, Seward, Stuart, Sumner, and
Trimibuil—17.
NAYS—Messrs.Adams, Bayard, Burns, Bigler, Brodhead,
Brown, Butler, Clay, Crittenden, Douglas, Evans, Fit'/.-
patricli, Houston, Hunter, 'vt r-on, Mar-on, Iteid, Rusk,
Sebastian, Shdell, Toombs, Toueey, Wcller, Wright, and
Yulee—23.
So the motion of Mr. Stuart was not agreed to.
The PRESIDENT. There are several ether
special orders.
| Mr. DOUGLAS. I suppose the debate of this
; morning will now go on as a matter of course,
j The PRESIDENT. There are several other
I special orders.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I move that the Senate pro-
! ceed with this subject.
The PRESIDENT. It is now moved to post-
pone all the special orders, for the purpose of
continuing the consideration of the motion to print
the Kansas memorial.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I was not in the Senate
| Chamber when the petition, as it is called, was
presented, nor when it was referred to the Com-
: nut tee on Territories. I came in while the ques-
: tion of printing was pending, the petition having
! previously been received and referred. The dis-
! tinguished Senator from Michigan [Mr. Cass]
, having submitted the motion to print, I felt dis-
!.' posed, out of deference to his opinion, to sustain
