1856.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
851
his motion; but at the same time, I expressed in
strong terms my opinions of the -whole movement,
denying the right of these men to come here in
the capacity which they assume; and declaring
my unwillingness that any inference should be
drawn from the vote which I might give on the
motion to print, that would countenance in the
slightest degree this revolutionary movement in
Kansas.
Since then, gentlemen on the other side of the
Chamberhave demanded the printing of this paper
as a matter of right under the rule, on the grounds
that Kansas is a State, and that the memorials of
State Legislatures must be printed. When they
put this proposition on the ground of right, it is
a very different thing from a mere matter of cour-
tesy on the motion of the Senator from Michigan.
I would vote to print almost any paper as an act
of courtesy on the motion of that distinguished
Senator if nothing else were involved; but when
the decision is to test a great principle, I am com-
pelled to give my vote with a view to that prin-
ciple.
In that point of view, I think it was wrong to
receive this memorial at all, much less to refer it
or to print it. The movement in Kansas does
not make it a State,'either in the Union or out of
ilie Union. It has none of the attributes or qual-
ities of a State. The attempt to make it a State
is simply to put the Federal Government at defi-
ance—an act of revolution, as the Senator from
INew York designated it yesterday. He said it
was a revolution which Congress could sanction;
but I am not disposed to sanction it, among other
reasons because it is an act of rebellion and rev-
olution.
Nor, sir, has the Senator from New Hamp-
shire stated the question fairly as a parallel to the
case of Missouri. I will state that case. Con-
gress passed a law authorizing the people of the
Territory of Missouri to form a constitution and
State government, preparatory to their admission
into the Union on an equal footing with the ori-
ginal States in all respects whatsoever. The con-
stitution of Missouri was made in pursuance
of that law of Congress. When the Territorial
Legislature first sent a memorial here, asking for
admission, it was objected to, as I understand,
because it was not yet a State. But when Mis-
souri was admitted it was with a constitution
which she had been previously authorized to form.
Here we are now asked by this vote to recog-
nize the fact, that this revolutionai'y proceeding
in Kansas makes it a State. I am not willing to
recognize that fact. We are asked to recognize
the fact that these petitioners are Senators and
Representatives. I am not willing to recognize
that fact, because it is not true. We are asked
to give countenance to these proceedings as hav-
ing been legal instead of revolutionary—as having
been loyal to the Constitution, instead of an act of
defiance to the constituted authorities. I am not
willing to give any countenance to it; and when
it is presented as a question of right, I am for
meeting it at the threshold. I am in favor of
denying the printing; I am in favor of reconsider-
ing the vote which referred the memorial, and
raising the question of its reception, and keeping
it out. If, as the Senator from New York said,
they are here hanging around these doors trying
to get in and cannot, they are here as rebels, de-
nying the authority of the Federal Government,
as revolutionists, disregarding the obligations of
the Constitution of the United States; and I am
not willing to give them the slightest tolerance.
I did not deem it a matter of any importance
originally, whether the paper should be printed.
I was willing to print it. If Senators ask no more
than that now, 1 shall have no objection; but
when they ask me to make a test of a principle,
I choose to meet that principle at the threshold.
Mr. HALE, Will the Senator allow me a
moment5
Mr. DOUGLAS. Yes, sir.
Mr. HALE. The Senator is commenting on
what 1 said. I wish to put him right. If the Sen-
ator lefers to my having put the printing of this
paper on the position that Kansas was a State, I
must say that 1 did not ask it on that ground at
all. The Senator from South Carolina spokeof
it as a great piece of arrogance and presumption
in these people to claim to be a State, it was to
obviate the force of that objection that I put the
position which I did in the way in which I put it;
but I did not intend to argue that this petition
ought to be printed as coming from a State Legis-
lature.
Mr. BUTLER. Will my friend from Illinois
allow me to explain this point interlocutoriiy ?
Mr. DOUGLAS. Certainly.
Mr. BUTLER. The statement of the Senator
from New Hampshire has been repeated twicc,
and I have endeavored to put it right. I do not
believe the Senator from New Hampshire would
willfully misrepresent me. The true issue pre-
sented on the question before the Senate is: Shall
this memorial, purporting to come from the Sen-
ators and Representatives of the State of Kansas,
be printed ? If it be printed at all, it must be on
the ground that it is a State;'there is no escape
from that. I do not understand the Senator from
New Hampshire to say that it is a State. In
undertaking to characterize it, I have said that it
was far from being a State; it is a community of
persons in rebellion to the authorities of the Gov-
ernment of the United States.
Mr. DOUGLAS. The Senator from New
Hampshire claimed the authority of the Senator
from South Carolina, when debating a different
question, for characterizing Kansas as a State—
either a State in the Union or out of the Union.
The tone of the speech of the Senator from New
York yesterday was to treat it as a State, which
must remain a State in the Union or out of the
Union as the case may be. That Senator is un-
derstood as having taken the position elsewhere,
that the appropriations for the territorial govern-
ment must be withheld, in order to sustain this
revolutionary movement as a State out of the
Union if not in the Union. The Governor of
this pretended State is represented as having
written letters to his friends here, advising them
by all means to withhold the appropriations, so
as to enable them to be sustained as a State out
of the Union, in defiance of the authority of the
Federal Government, unless received into the
Union as a State. It is evident, therefore, that
these gentlemen are trying to give countenance
to an act of revolution which defies the authority
of the Federal Government; and now they de-
sire to test that question on this motion. When
they proposed to give that consequence to the
motion to print, I choose to meet them at the
threshold. It is a very different question from
the amount of dollars and cents involved in the
printing, press-work, and paper. It is in that
point of view that I propose to resist each step.
If the motions are made, I shall vote to recon-
sider and rcject the application.
They declare on the face of this memorial that
they come as senators and representatives of a
State. I deny that that statement is true; I deny
that there are any Senators or Representatives
from the State of Kansas; I deny that there is
any State of Kansas; I insist that, under the
Constitution and laws of this country, there is a
territorial government in Kansas m full vigor,
and that at this time there can be no State move-
ment except as an act of rebellion against the
constituted authorities. When gentlemen desire
us to give sanction to that revolutionary proceed-
ing by this indirect means, I feel constrained to
repel it as promptly as I would if it were a direct
application to sanction their movements as a State.
It is evident that there is a line of policy here
aiming to produce violence and bloodshed in
Kansas. The policy is avowed by the pretended
executive officer of that so-called State to con-
tinue the condition of violence by inducing Con-
gress to withhold appropriations to pay its offi-
cers, and thus enable the revolutionary movement
to be successful. When I see that the same line
of policy is marked out here, showing that the
object is to prevent any settlement of the ques-
tion, to keep up revolution, to defeat the supre-
macy of the law, to perpetuate the struggle, I
feel bound to give it no countenance whatever by
any vote of mine.
These remarks will explain the reasons of the
votes that I shall give this day different from what
I proposed to give, as an act of courtesy to the
Senator from Michigan, when I supposed that
the proposition only involved the amount ol dol-
lars and cents in the cost of paper and ink. This
is all I have to say.
Mr. MASON. ' I understand the present ques-
tion is on the motion of the Senator from Michi-
gan to print this paper. I had thought that the
only way of disposing of the subject was by
laying it on the table. I did not know at the time
when I made that motion, that the petition had
actually been referred; but 1 am told such is the
fact. It was referred three days ago, so that it is
too late, as I am informed, to make a motion to
reconsider. I shall propose, then, when the proper
time comes, a resolution to rescind the order of
the Senate, referring this memorial to the com-
mittee, whieh, if it be adopted, will bring the
memorial back, and enable us, then, to question
its reception.
Sir, I consider this to be an occasion where
form becomes substance, because it is an^occa-
sion where we are seeking—certainly I am seek-
ing—to require a portion of the people of this
country to conform to and obey the laws of the
country, who, if not in actual rebellion and rev-
olution against the laws, are not so because they
think that in some manner they have evaded the
issue. What are the facts ? These men are oc-
cupants of and residents on the public property.
They stand in no other condition whatever to
the laws of the country than as the residents
upon and the occupants of the publiclands. Con-
gress—for the convenience of the Government
alone—has delegated to them the power of regu-
lating their own affairs, by what is called territo-
rial legislation; but everything pertaining to that
Territory, and to the laws of that Territory, ia
at this day within the reach and control of Con-
gress.
Now, what do they say? Theycomehere dis-
claiming the authority of Congress, claiming to
be a political community, ana, as such, asking
that we should admit them into the Union upon
the footing of other States. If that is not in dero-
fation of the laws, and in disrespect to the laws,
am unable to construe it. Whodoesit? How
do wc know that these men are anything like a
majority, a fair portion even, of the people who
are in Kansas ? What information have we about
them? Who are these men whose names it is
said are signed to this petition? Who are their
constituents? Who knows anything about it,
and who can know anything about it, unless it is
recognized by law, and brought to us under the
sanctions of law? Why, sir,"if we were to sanc-
tion this, we mightbecommittingflagrantinjustice
to those who are in the Territory. These people
claim, as I understand, to have formed a consti-
tution. Who are they? Who knows or who
can know what portion of the people are the
constituents of those who formed that consti-
tution ? It is in utter disregard of all the restraints
and sanction of law that we are called upon to
recognize them in the character in which they
present themselves as a political community, en-
titled to be heard as such.
I know of but two ways of governing men—
but two ways by which men have ever been gov-
erned—by laws, or by force. If we give coun-
tenance to these people who disregard the laws,
they will, of necessity, place themselves in a con-
dition to be subjected to force only. What sanc-
tion has popular government but obedience to
law ? What security have we for government,
if we disregard obedience to law? What is the
great merit which we claim for our Government
over the other Governments of the earth? That
we are a government of laws and of laws only.
Now, Mr. President, it is said to be a mere
form to allow this petition to be referred, or to
be entertained by the Senate, because it is a pe-
tition of A, B, or C; but I say again, forms be-
come substance when forms are necessary, as
they most generally are, to require obedience and
conformity to law. 1 do not mean to go into the
debate, but, at a proper time, I shall ask to be
allowed to offer a resolution rescinding the order
referring this memorial to the Committee on Ter-
ritories.
Mr. BUTLER. Let us take the question on
printing first, as that is the strongestground.
Mr. MASON. I am willing to agree to that.
I am merely indicating what I think is the only
means of getting at the petition.
Mr. BUTLER. I agree with my friend.
Mr. MASON. The .petition is at present be-
yond our reach, because it has been referred to the
Committee on Territories; but I propose, ut the
proper time, that we shall pass a resolution re-
scinding that order, and then the question of its
reception will arise.
