1850.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1725
Mr. CASS. Mr. President, I am not going to
-be led into a discussion on this subject. I have
had ray time 111 it. The honorable Senator from
Georgia has repeated what has been said here a
hundred times, but he states it with great force
and interest, for we may well say of him, mi
tetigit quod non ornavit. But I repeat, this matter
of discussion about the Baltimore platform and
internal improvement has been gone over again
and again. I think the Senator from South Car-
olina [Mr. Butler] has entered the lists on it
■with me twenty, times at least.
My idea is simply this: that a system of inter-
nal improvements embraces almost everything—
hospitals, roads, all the material improvements
of a country. Is there no difference, I ask the
Senator from Georgia, between such a system as
that which penetrates this whole country with
works of every description, including libraries,
and schools, and universities, and the power,
under the right to regulate commerce, confined
simply to removing natural obstructions to rivers
and harbors ? Is there no difference in its nature or
principle ? And may not a consistent man disavow
this general right of internal improvement, as
General Jackson did, as Mr. Calhoun did, as
General Pierce has done, and yet each and all of
them say, that there are some works of internal
improvement that they would agree to ? Where
is their inconsistency? Gentlemen, we are told,
come from Baltimore after passing the resolution
which has been alluded to, and vote for works of
internal improvements. So did one of the purest
patriots in this land, Silas Wright, who, I was
told, drafted the resolution; but I have reason
now to believe that he did not draft it exactly, but
it was drawn up first by a gentleman in this city,
and submitted to and entirely approved by Mr.
Wright. After voting for it at Baltimore, he came
here and voted for river and harbor improvements,
never believing for a moment that, because he
disavowed a general system to go everywhere,
he was bound to disavow the powe  to remove
any and every kind of obstruction in a harbor or
a river, which would carry him to the point of
refusing approprintions for light-houses, piers,
buoys, and everything else. The idea never
entered his head. General Jackson disavowed a
system of internal improvements in his vetoes;
but he approved measures of this kind. General
Pierce has said, in two of his veto messages, that
there are works of this nature which, if presented
to him singly, he would approve of. I am not
liere to defend their consistency; I am only de-
fending my own. I am opposed to a general
system of internal improvements; but there are
river and harbor improvements for which I have
voted, and shall continue to vote; and I think that
is the feeling of the Democratic party.
The honorable Senator from Georgia speaks
of works being national. I have already stated
my view of that term, and it is simply this: that
national works are those which come under the
power of commerce pertaining to the General
Government, to wit: not commerce 111 the States,
but the Senate will recollect that it is commerce
" with foreign nations, among the several States,
and with the Indian tribes." That is your power.
You cannot go into a State and interfere with it.
It does not become a national work unless it has
relation to other States. As the Supreme Court
has expressed it, it is not one State, but more than
one State, which is interested in this power. In
my view, national works, are those works which
are necessary to carry on that commerce; the reg-
ulation of which is given by the Constitution to
Congress.
Now, with respect to harbors of refuge; the
honorable Senator has appealed to every member
here whether that is the object? As I have said
before, I believe that, for purposes of commerce,
we have full power; but I believe these harbors
on the lakes also to be important as harbors of
refuge. I can tell the honorable gentleman that,
if he were sailing on one of those lakes and were
caught in a storm, I will not say that he would
feel as bad as I should do, but lie would wish
there was a harbor of refuge under his lee all
along the Likes. He would then see the necessity
of these works. The returns which we have got
show that more than two million dollars' worth
of property was lost last year, and I forget how
manv disasters occurred to vessels. I think one
hundred, and there was loss of the lives of hun-
dreds of individuals. It is neither an iron-bound
nor a sand-bound coast; it is without natural in-
dentations. As Mr. Calhoun said, the work
must be done; and if you do not do it, it will not
be done. I shall not say another word.
Mr. BELL, of Tennessee. I have heard the
Senator from Michigan, on several occasions, in
speaking of this power to appropriate money for
•improvements of this character, put it almost
exclusively on the authority given to Congress
to regulate commerce. I desire to know of the
honorable Senator whether he does not consider
the war power as sufficient under the Constitution
to give authority to make these appropriations?
Mr. CASS. 1 have said so expressly, time and
again. I repeated it in the speech which I made
the other day, and which should preclude me from
saying another word on the subject, for I suppose
nobody wants to hear me. I said then, expressly,
that I thought Congress had full authority, under
the war power, to make these improvements where
they were necessary for military or naval pur-
poses;butl did notdwellsomuehon that,because
I did not believe that power was disputed. I do
not suppose it is disputed in cases where the
works are actually necessary for the purpose.
Mr. TOOMBS. I rather feel it a duty to de-
fend President Pierce from the ideas advanced by
the Senator from Michigan when he said that
he would not defend the consistency of President
Pierce. 1 endeavored, on a former occasion, to
show what the President meant by national works
from his own description.
Mr. CASS. Allow me to interrupt the Senator.
I did not speak of President Pierce's inconsist-
ency in respect to his .vetoes. I was replying to
what the Senator said in regard to the inconsist-
ency of these measures with the Baltimore reso-
lutions, and I put him in the same category with
General Jackson and Mr. Calhoun on that point,
because he said in his message that there were
some works ,of a national character which he
eould approve, though he was opposed to a gen-
eral system.
Mr. TOOMBS. 1 did not misunderstand the
Senator. He says he is not here to defend then-
consistency. I am here to defend the President's
consistency, on this point, because he has been
perfectly consistent. As to General Jackson's
consistency, I do not defend it, for it is indefensi-
ble. He vetoed some bills, and sanctioned others
in violation of his principles. His practice, as I
stated on a former occasion, was irregular. The
course of President Pierce has been perfectly con-
sistent. He holds, that wherever improvement
is necessary to carry out the war power, or the
naval power, or any other power of the General
Government, that stamps it with the character of
nationality; and this character does not depend
on the amount of produce or trade of the par-
ticular place. In my reply to the honorable Sen-
ator from Louisiana on that question, 1 showed
precisely what President Pierce said. Gentle-
men have seized on his remarks that there were
some works of a national character, in order to
make the President's nationality what theirs is;
but it is a different thing entirely. I agree with
the President's nationality. I agree that you
nuy make an improvement wherever it is ne-
cessary for the exercise of your constitutional
powers. If a li.ubor is wanted on your lakes
for the Navy, you can make it; and it might be
wise and proper for commerce to use it when it
is made; but you cannot make use of this power
as a pretext to benefit commerce. My objection,
and the President's objection, is, that under pre-
tense of the war power you seek to facilitate
commerce. The Senator from Michigan has no
difficulty on that point, because he holds that
"to regulate commerce," means " to facilitate
commerce." General Jackson never said so;
Mr. Madison never seidso; Mr. Jefferson never
said so; Mr. Polk never said so; the Baltimore
resolutions never said so, nor do I think they
ever intended so.
Now, the Senator from Michigan asks me if I
cannot see a distinction between making roads all
over the country, and making these improve-
ments? Not a particle. The Senator contends
that Congress has a right to facilitate commerce.
Will it not facilitate commerce to make a road
from the Senator's barn to the nearest market
town? Assuredly it will. Formerly, at the time
the Constitution was made, turnpike roadg and
canals were the most general and improved modes
of communication. If you proceed on the idea
that an improvement must go through two or
three States, you have only to start your roads
here and carry them through Maryland and Vir-
ginia to Ohio; and thus you have got the power,
under Mr. Calhoun's idea about three States.
That was an indefensible idea. When a resolu-
tion in regard to it was sent to the other House,
it was scouted out on the second reading. Dem-
ocrats and Whigs, the friends and the enemies of
the power, kicked this idea out of the House of
Representatives, as will be perceived by looking
through their Journals. Mr. Calhoun departed
from the principle in going to that extent. The
Senator takes his errors and exceptions, and then
quotes them as authority. Mr. Calhoun always
denied that you had any right to facilitate com-
merce under the power to regulate commerce. He
had some wire-drawn theory in regard to a river
running through three States, but there is nothing
about it in the Constitution, or anywhere else but
in his own brain, and that idea was disavowed by
the State of South Carolina, and by every sound
Republican in the South.
I still insist that if you have the right to facil-
itate commerce, all appropriate means for that
purpose can be used, and a general system is the
appropriate means for doing it. The power to
facilitate commerce does not mean to establish
universities, as the Senator from Michigan seems
to suppose. The Democratic party have said
that Congress has no power to commence or carry
on a general system of internal improvements.
I ask the Senator if a general system of internal
improvements cannot be carried on by rivers and
harbors, as well as by roads and canals? You
may make a system of river and harbor appro-
priations general. You may spend an equal
amount on roads. All are included under the
general term " internal improvements. Railroads
are now the most appropriate means and the most
universal system of internal improvements. Our
people have spent §800,000,000 in railroads in
this country; and nowhere in the history of the
world, from the day when Adam was driven
out of the garden until now, has any country
facilitated commerce more than we have by the
4800,000,000 which we have invested in railroads.
That is the most appropriate means of doing it.
The people have invested their money themselves.
If you have the right to facilitate commerce out
of the public Treasury, you ought to do it in ths
most appropriate and expedient manner. The
judgment of all mankind tells you that this is
the appropriate mode. Are you to restrict your
appropriations to facilitate commerce to the peo-
ple who live on rivers ? Then Vermont would
never get a dollar, because she has no river capa-
ble of improvement; Georgia would get none,
because she has none capable of improvement.
We threw away a few dollars on them and found
it unavailing, and made railroads at our own ex-
pense.
Then have you a right to make these appropria-
tions wherever there is a spring-branch running
into the lakes? I believe that, throughout all
these lakes, wherever there is a river running
into them, under pretense of a harbor of refuge
to facilitate commerce, you make appropriations
for objects of that kind purely local. Take the
improvement of the Tennessee river, or the Cum-
berland river, or almost ay river of the United
States, and a greater number of people can use
it'than one of these lake harbors. They are
more especially local than any other work you
can imagine. If you get harbors there, you must
facilitate commerce to them by internal improve-
ments, by transportation over common roads,
turnpike roads, canals, or railroads. Ohio has
used all these, as they came along, with great
spirit, and greatly to her own advantage. She
has made roads to run to her harbors. Why ?
To facilitate the transportation of commodities,
to facilitate commerce, to make those things
transportable which were before not transpoit-
able.
If the General Government can facilitate com-
merce,it oughtto build railroads to these harbors;
because, if the power to facilitate commerce ex-
ists, the power ought to be exercised in the best
and most appropriate manner; and I cannot see
the slightest difference, in principle, between
building a road from here to St. Louis, and clear-
