1856.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
115
34th Cong....1st Sess.
Affairs in Kansas Territory—Mr. Toombs.
Senate.
eideration. A state of things is in progress in
Central America which, if wisely managed, can-
not fail to produce a great change in the condition
of those States—imparting stability and vigor to
their Governments, restoring order and increased
activity to labor and all industrial pursuits. If
successful, a new turn may be given to the nego-
tiations not yet closed between the United States
and Great Britain on the subject of the Clayton-
Bulwer treaty. The whole question may assume
a new aspect, the result of which may be a sat-
isfactory adjustment of all difficulties in some
shape, or war, as wisdom or folly may mark the
policy of the authorities of that country.
But whether Walker shall succeed in his enter-
prise or not, the great number of adventurous
emigrants who are pouring into that country from
the United States and elsewhere—particularly if
their immigration should be encouraged by the
States of Central America—cannot fail in a few
years to bring about a regeneration of those feeble
Governments, and a great increase of their re-
sources. Speculation is already rife as to their
destiny—whether they are to continue independ-
ent States, separately, or in a confederate form,
or whether they are to be incorporated into the
American Union. The United States have a deep
interest in the stability and quiet prosperity of
those States. Every other great commercial
Power has a similar interest in their stability and
welfare; and it is the interest of all, in ortfer to
avoid jealousies among themselves, that those
States should remain independent. So let them
be forever. The same objection exists to the
annexation of Central America to the United
States as to the annexation of Mexico. The
population of the five Central American States is
now estimated at about two millions. Not more
than two hundred and fifty thousand of that
number can be said to be of the white or Spanish
race. The remainder is a mixed population of the
Spanish, Indian, and African races.
No, sir; I hold that we have carried the policy
of annexation quite far enough for the safety of
our system. Rather than annex Mexico, or the
Central American States, I would prefer to bor-
row an idea from Great Britain, and become their
protecting ally; but never, never, incorporate them
with the American Union.
The policy of annexation had its origin- under
the pressure of necessity. The acquisition of
Louisiana was essential tb the development of !
the resources and prosperity of the yalley of the !
Mississippi, and, in the opinion of some, import-
ant to preserve the political connection between
the eastern and western States. Florida from her I
geographical position was also a wise acquisition. •
Texas, too, for a similar reason, was a highly ex-
pedient and desirable acquisition, though made
under circumstances and in a manner presenting
serious objections. The acquisition of California
andNewMexico, though entailingupon the Union
a vast increase of responsibility, some evils and
some serious trials; yet the wisdom of that acqui- '
sition, by the discovery of the rich deposits of the
precious metals in the placers and mountains of
California, may be said to have received a sort of
post-natal sanction. .
Cuba may become an important acquisition in
a military point of view—the Havana being the real
Gibraltar of America—not the petty port of Roa-
tan, which has been so characterized in this de-
bate. But as long as the Island of Cuba continues
to be a dependency of Spain, we need feel no great
anxiety for its annexation. Still Spain, as an ally
of Great Britain in a war with this country could
give great annoyance; and after all, whenever we
do have a war with Great Britain, Cuba, or Cuban
affairs, will most likely be the origin of it.
The greatest indignity ever offered to the United
States (not excepting the late violation of our neu-
trality laws) was the proposition formally made
by Great Britain, backed by the Queen's loving
cousin of France, to this Government, to enter
into a perpetual guarantee of the dominion of Cuba
to the Crown of Spain, after receiving from this
Government the most solemn assurances that the
United States would never seek to acquire Cuba^
except under circumstances entirely consistent
with the established principles of public law. I
confess that my cheeks blushed with indignation
when I heard of the proposition; but my feelings ,
1 were moderated when 1 reflected, that the dis-
j claimer which had been made had perhaps lost
I some of its efficacy from circumstances which
had transpired in the few preceding years,
ij Mr. President, we want no more territory—
not now, at all events. We have territory enough
i to form twenty new States—a territory so vast,
and a population at this time so disproportionate,
as to afford, for a century to come, ample scope
for the employment of American genius and en-
terprise, with all the aids which the highest skill
in the arts and the greatest advance in science
can give, in attaining that reasonable measure of
development, social, moral, and physical, of which
it is susceptible, and when it can be truly said we
want more territory.
Sir, if increased power, in a military sense, be
the passion of those who demand further acquisi-
tion of territory, then it is an uncalculating ambi-
tion; for, in the present condition of the world,
every extension of our present boundaries brings
weakness instead of strength.
If universal dominion be the ambition of those
whom nothing will satisfy but a whole continent
of territory, then I know nothing in history to
illustrate the folly of such a conceit except the
projected tower of Babel. Mr. President, the
dominion of the world is held out to our accept-
ance, in the sense of a beneficent and noble domin-
ion—a dominion far exceeding in power and glory
that of Rome in her palmiest days—a dominion not
j to be won by the sword, but by the moral power of
I our sublime institutions, if we shall be but loyal
j to them—a dominion to be won by the irresistible
J force of justice and moderation in all our national
; aspirations.
AFFAIRS IN KANSAS TERRITORY.
SPEECH OF HON. ROBERT TOOMBS,
OF GEORGIA,
In the Senate, February 28,1856.
The Senate having resumed the consideration of the
motion to print ten thousand copifcs of the message of the
President, of February 18, with the accompanying docu-
ments, relative to the affairs of the Territory of Kansas—
Mr. TOOMBS said: Mr. President, as I desire
j to express my concurrence with the policy adopted
j by the President of the United States upon this
question, and as it will be necessary for me to
leave the city at an early day, I will avail myself
1 of the present moment to express my views briefly
upon it, without asking for any delay.
The Constitution expressly grants power to
Congress to provide for calling forth the military
power of the United States, in order to "execute
the laws of the Union, suppress insurrections,
repel invasions," and also to protect each State
against " domestic violence." In 1795, Congress
passed an act to carry into effect these powers.
These were necessary, yet very delicate and dan-
gerous powers, and ought therefore to be jeal-
ously watched and closely guarded. The act of
1795 was drawn with a full appreciation of these
dangers and difficulties, and cautiously guarded
this extraordinary application of the military
power in aid of the civil authorities and public
order. In the judgment of the President, a case
falling within this law has lately arisen, and he
has taken the preliminary steps pointed out by it
for the exercise of the powers it confers by issu-
ing his proclamation. The power is clear if the
case has arisen. The proclamation states the pre-
cise state of things contemplated by the act: it is
supported by the official documents before us,
and therefore stamps this action of the President
with unquestionable legality, and demands for it
the united support of all friends of law and order.
The act of the 28th February,-1795, enacts that—
" In case of an insurrection in any State against the Gov-
ernment thereof, it shall be lawlul for the President of the
United States,on application of the Legislature of such State,
or of the Executive, (when the Legislature annot be con-
vened,) to call forth such number of the militia of any other
State or States as may be applied for as he may judge suf-
ficient to suppress such insurrection."
"Sec 2. Ani be it further enacted, That whenever the
laWs of the United States shall by opposed, or the execution
thereof obstructed, in any State, by combinations too pow-
erful to be suppressed by the ordinary course of judicial
proceedings, or by the powers vested in the marshals by this
act, it shall be lawful for the President of the United States
to call forth the militia of such State, or of any other State
or States, to suppress such combinations, and to cause the
laws to be duly executed."
The act of 3d March, 1807, enacts, "That in
all cases of insurrection or obstruction to the laws,
! either of the United States or of any individual
■ State or Territory, where it is lawful for the Pres-
: ident of the United States to call forth the militia
for the purpose of suppressing such insurrection,
or of causing the laws to be duly executed, it
Shall be lawful for him to employ for the same
purpose such part of the land or naval force of
the United States as shall be judged necessary;
having first observed all the prerequisites of the
law in that respect."
The Governor of Kansas (the Legislature not
being in session) officially informs the President
that the laws of that Territory are obstructed—
that they are openly resisted by a'large body of
armed men, who have rescued a prisoner from the
; hands of the sheriff by force, murdered peaceable
inhabitants, burnt up houses, and openly declaring
I a fixed purpose not to submit to the laws of the
Territory; and that this organization is too pow-
erful to be resisted by the civil authorities, or
even by the military power of the Territory,
which is available for that purpose. These facts,
thus officially communicated to the President, are
sustained by ample testimony—the testimony of
the sheriff who was resisted in the execution of
legal process, and that of a portion of the posse
whom he called to his aid, together with that of
other inhabitants of the Territory. These facts
bring the case fully within the provisions of the
acts of 1795 and 1807; and nothing more was
necessary. But thiaAj not yet the whole case:
General Lane and Mf. C. Robinson—the first
styling himself " chairman of the executive com-
mittee of Kansas Territory," and the latter
" chairman committee of safety"—have under-
taken to notify the President that "an over-
whelming force was organizing on the border"
of the Territory " for the avowed purpose of
invading Kansas, demolishing the towns, and
butchering the unoffending free-State citizens."
One side claims protection from insurrection from
within, the other from invasion from without;
both agreeing that " the laws are obstructed and
that anarchy reigns supreme." It would be dif-
ficult to imagine a case calling more loudly for
the interposition of the Federal powei', or a case
which would afford fewer points of criticism for its
application; yet, still the President is denounced
by some for usurpation, and taking sides against
the Abolitionists; and by others—among them the
Senator who has just taken his seat [Mr. Hale]
—for not doing it sooner, and in behalf of the
disturbers of the public peace. Whatever may
have been the disorders in that Territory before
these recent events upon which the President has
acted, the Senator cannot show., and' did not
attempt to show, that these made any case coming
within the Constitution and acts of Congress
referred to, which is the sole authority upon
which the President can interpose public force
even to restore order. This is not a case of resist-
ance to the laws of the United States, but of
obstruction to the laws of a Territory. In the
Boston riot case there was resistance to the exe-
cution of the laws of the United States. The
President was officially informed of that fact, and,
with a promptness and energy which did him
infinite credit, he ordered the public force to aid
the patriotic citizens of Boston who took up arms
to maintain law, and the law was vindicated.
This action was in conformity to law, and gave
great satisfaction to the patriotic people of all
sections of the country. The action now under
consideration, being founded upon the obstruction
to territorial laws, required other prerequisites.
When these were complied with, the President
then acted, and could not legally act before.
We are now told that at some former period
Kansas was invaded by Missourians, her ballot-
boxes seized, and representatives returned to her
Legislature by violence and against the will of her
peaceable inhabitants. If this were true, it would
not affect the propriety of the present action of
the President. But is it true ? It is very certain
that no such information has been officially com-
municated to the President. Governor Reeder
was at the time the Governor of the Territory. It
was his duty to prevent such an outrage, if it had
