126
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 2,
of the gentleman from Ohio, and then I submit
the additional motion, that the motion with the
amendment be laid on the table.
Mr. CLINGMAN. I hope the gentleman will
withdraw his motion to lay on the table for a
moment. ^
Mr. COBB. I will.
• Mr. CLINGMAN. I will detain the House
but a moment. I was about to state what was
my recollection of the facts as they occurred on
Monday. Of course it is a mer^Bptter of. recol-
lection, m reference to which gentlemen may
differ. When the message was announced by
the Doorkeeper, itwas handed to himby the Pres-
ident's Private Secretary. I then saw him walk
deliberately down and deposit the message on
the Clerk's table, and no gentleman rose to
object, or make any motion in reference to it.
I then rose and moved that the message be read,
in order that we mi^ht hoar what it was. The
gentleman from New York [Mr. Morgan] de-
manded the yeas and nays upon the motion, to
which I remarked that I had no objection to the
question being determined by yeas and nays.
1 then made another remark,when the gentleman
from Ohio [Mr. Campbell] raised the question of
order that it was not competent for the House
to have it rea,d; that it would bo in the nature
of transacting business, which was prohibited
by the-act of 1791. A little discussion was then
interchanged upon that point; but I heard no
question raised as to the reception of the mes-
sage up to this point in the proceedings.
Mr. YALK. It is due to my colleague from
New York [Mr. Morgan] that I should state,
unequivocally and distinctly, that I did hear him
•make objection to the reception of the message
at the very moment it was announced. He did
distinctly and unequivocally state that the mes-
sage could not be received, before it had been
received or deposited on the Clerk's desk.
Mr. CLINGMAN. 1 do not dispute the gen-
tleman 's recollection.
Mr. COBB. I have the floor and cannot yield
it further.
Mr. CLINGMAN. I merely wish to state
that I do not question the statement of the gen-
tlomnn from New York; but it must be admitted
that, if the objection was made, it did not reach
the ear of the House, and it did not seem to reach
the ear of the gentleman from Ohio, for, directly
after, he made the point that it could not be read.
Orf.uniy it did not reach the ear of the House,
and could not be considered by the House as
having IjL-en made.
Mr. CA MPBKLL. Will the gentleman allow
me to say——
Mr. COBB. 1 cannot yield the floor further.
I do not doubt the recollection of gentlemen in
relVrom'c to the objection raised by the gentleman
from New York, but it was not heard or recog-
nized by the House. The rule is, that until an
objection is heard and stated by the presiding
ojfieer, it is no objection at all.
Mr. GROW. The gentleman will allow me to
say 
Mr. COTjR. The gentleman will excuse me;
J cannot yield. I say that no such objection was
made by the gentleman from New York. We
will not stop to question the correctness of ob-
jections being made which the House did not
hear and which wen; not entertained. I say, as
I said before, that the Journal is right in this
tiling^ 1 wish, therefore, that the amendment I
havo indicated shall go with the original resolu-
tion, and I move that both be laid on the table.
Alr.^ GiDDlNGS. If the gentleman fu>m
Georgia will withdraw his motion for a moment
to enable me to reply to his remarks, I will
renew it.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio. I desire to say a
word in reply to the gentleman from North Caro-
lina, [Mr. Clingman,] if the House will allow
me.
Mr. CRAWFORD. I rise to a question of
order. I understood my colleague from Georgia
[Mr. Cobb] to make a motion to lay on the table,
which motion is not debatable. I object to anv
discussion, therefore, and call for a vote on the
motion of my colleague. *
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio. Will not the gen-
tleman from Georgia withdraw his motion to lay
on the table for a moment?
Mr. CRAWFORD. I object.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I call for the yeas and
nays upon the motion, then.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The CLERK then proceeded to state the ques-
tion.
Mr. DEAN. Do I understand that the effect
of the motion to lay on the table will be to carry
both the resolution of the gentleman from Ohio
and the amendment of the gentleman from Geor-
gia with it? ,
The CLERK. Both.
The call of the roll was then proceeded with
upon the motion to lay on the table, during
which—
Mr. ROBISON said: I wish to state to the
Housethe reason for my vote. In the first place,
I believe the Journal is correct as it stands, and
in the next place, I am going to sustain it. I
vote ay,
Mr. WHITNEY (when his name was called)
said: I wish to state that I have examined the
record, and find it there stated on the Journal,
that the message was i eceived or handed in at the
Clerk's table by the President's Private Secre-
tary. I think that is a correct statement of the
facts, and I therefore vote to lay on the table.
The vote was then announced—yeas 125, nays
89; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Aiken, Allen, Barclay, Barksdale, Bell,
Bishop, Boeock, Bowie,.Boyee, Branch, Brooks, (Jadwal-
adcr, John P. CampbellfCat jilc,Cai others, Caskie, Bayard
Clark, Chngman, ITowell Cobb, Williamson R. W. Cobb,
Cotnms,Covode, Coy, Craige, Crawford, Cu lien, Davidson,
Henry Winter Davis, Timothy Davis, Day, Denver, Dixon,
Dowdeil, Durfeo, Edmundson, Edwaid^, Elliott, English,
Etheridge, Eustas. Evans, Faulknei, Florence, Foster,
Henry M. Fuller,Thomas J. D. Fuller, Gilbert, Coode,
Greenwood, Augustus Hall, Sampson W. Ilanis, Thomas
L. Harris, Haven, Herbert, Hickman, Houston, .Tewett,
Geoige W. Jones, J. Glancy Jones, Keitt, Kelly, Kcnnett,
Kidvvell, Knight, Kunkel, Lake, Letcher, Lindley, Lump-
kin, Alexander IC. Marshall, Samuel S. Marshall, Max-
well, MeMttUm, McQueen, Smith Miller, Millson, Molt,
Nichols, Andrew Oliver, Mordoeai Oliver, Orr, Peck,
Pennington, Phelps, Porter, Powell, Pur.vuar, Cluitnian,
Ready, Ricaud, Richardson, Rivers, Robison, Rnftin, Rust,
Sanduige, Savage, Seward, Shorter, Samuel A. Smith,
William R. Smith, Sneed, Spinner, Stanton, Stephens,
Stewait, Swope, Talbott,Taylor,Thurston, Todd, Trippc,
Underwood, Vail, Valk, Walker,'Warner, Watkirts, Weils,
Wheeler, Whitney, Williams, Wmslow, John V. Wright,
and Zolhcoffei—13o.
NAYS — Messrs Albright, Allison, Ball, Banks, Bar-
bour. llemy Bennett, Benson, Billmghurst, Bingham, Bliss,
Bi atfchaw, Brenton, Brooin, Buffmgton, Bui hngame,
Lowih D. Campbell, Chaffee, Ezra Claik, dawson, Col-
fax, Ciagin,' Cumback, Damrell, Dean, De Witt, Dick,
Dodd, Dunn, Emne,Flagler, Galloway, Giddings, Gianger,
Crow, Jlailan, Mammon, UoIIoway, Thomas R. Ilorton,
Valentine B. Morton, llugh'ton, King, Ktiapp, Knowlton,
Knox, Leiter, Mace, Humphrey Marshall, Matteson, Mc-
Catty, Meaeham, Killian Miller, Moore, Morgan, Morrill,
Murray, Norton, Panic, Parker, Pearce, PeUon, Petiy,
Pettit, Pike, Piingle, Purviauce, Ritchie, Robbing, Sabin,
Sage, Sapp, Scott. Sheunan, Simmons, Stianahan, Tap-
pan, Thorington, Tiafton, Wade, Wakeman, Walbndge,
Waldron, Cadvvalader C. Washburne, Elhlm B. WabU-
burne, Israel Washburn, Watson, Welch, Wood, Wood-
rutt, and Woodworm—89.
So the resolution and amendment were ordered
to lie on the table.
ELECTION BY PLURALITY.
Mr. KNIGHT obtained the floor amidst cries
of4' Call the roll!" and said: If the House will have
paticnce, E will make a motion which, if adopted,
will facilitate the business of organizing the
House. It is nearly a week since a similar motion
was made and laid upon the table by the vote of
a majority of the House; but the events of every
day since, and the results of vote succeeding vote,
afford the strongest reason for the passage of
such a resolution as the one now presented to the
consideration and for the adoption of the House.
I have no prospect that we can get a majority to
elect a Speaker, and I do not wish to reflect on
anybody, or on the conduct $f any party in this
House, though it* number may be of the smallest
kind. Each and every member has an undoubted
right to the exercise of his own proper judgment
on all questions that may arise for our determin-
ation. I demand that right for myself, and of
course accord it to every other member of the
body; but at the same time I cannot refrain from
the expression of opinion that it is now high time
that we had a Speaker and the House organized.
With our delay the business of the country suftors
neglect. The President's message is before us;
it lias not been read in this House, but it is still
in the Clerk's possession, and may be taken up
from the table at air\r moment for disposition and
direct action on its several recommendations. It
contains manv important matters which, m my
[ judgment, demand the instant attention of Con-
gress. It cannot receive that attention until we
are organized, and the Committee on Foreign
Affairs., and the Committee of Ways and Means,
and the other standing committees, are appointed.
I appeal to members to lend their help to me in
effecting an organization of the House. If we
cannot do so while a majority is required for the
election of a Speaker, let us then adopt this plu-
rality resolution. I introduce the following reso-
lution, and on that motion call for the previous
question:
Resolved, That the House will immediately proceed to
the eighty fifth ballot for a Speaker; upon the result of
which", and no choice, the House will make the eisrlity-si.vth
ballot; which, if it shall not effect an election, shall bo
s-ucceeded by the eighty-seventh vote ; when, if there shall
still bo no election, the person highest in vote, and having
the majority of a quoium, shall be the Speaker of the Tlnrt}'-
Fouith Congress; and the said pioceedings shall be con-
ducted viva voce as heretofore, but without debate, ad-
journment, or recess.
Mr. HI7GHST0N. I second the call for the
previous question.
Mr. PHELPS. I move that the resolution be
laid upon the table.
Mr. STANTON. I demand the yeas and nays
on that motion.
The yeas'and nays were ordered.
The question was taken on the motion to lay
the resolution on the table, and it was agreed to—
yeas 115, nays 103; £s follows:
YEAS — Messrs. Aiken, Allen, Barclay, Barksdale, Bell,
Bocoek, Bowie, Bovcc, Branch, Biooks, Broom, Cadwal-
ader, John P. Campbell, Lewis D. Campbell, Carhle, Ca-
luthcrs, Ca&kie, Bayard Clark, Cfingman, Howell Cobb,
Williamson R. W. Cobb, Cox, Craige, Crawford, Cullen,
Davidson, Henry Winter Davis, Denver, Dowdeil, Dunn,
Edmundson,. Edward^, Elliott, English, Ethendcro, Eu«us,
Evans, Faulkner, Florence, Foster, Henry M. Fuller,
Thomas J. D. Fuller, Goode, Greenwood, Augustus Hall,
J. Moi rison Harris, Sampson W. Harris, Thomas L. Hai ris,
Hanson, Haven, Ilcibeil, Houston, Jewett, George W.
Jones, J. Glancy Jones, Keitt, Kelly, Kcnnett, Kidwell,
Lake, Letcher, Lindley, Lumpkin, Alexander K. Marshall,
Humphiey Marshall, Samuel S. Marshall, Maxwell, Mc-
Mulbn, McQueen, Smith Miller, Millson, Moore, Moidecai
Oliver, Orr, Paine, Peck, Phelps, Porter, Powell, Puryear,
Quitman, Reade, Ready, Ricaud, Richardson, Rivers, Ruf-
lin,Ru^t,Sandidge, Savage,Scott, Seward, Shouer, Samuel
A. Smith, William R. Smith, Sneed, Stephens, Stewart,
Swopc, Talbott, Taylor, Tuppe, Underwood, Vail, Valk,
Walker, Warner, VVatkins, Wells, Wheeler, Whitney,
Window, John V. Wright, and Zolhcoffcr—315. ~
NAYS — Messrs. Albright, Allison, Ball.Barbour, Henry
Bennett, Benson, Billinghui^t, Bingham, Bishop, Bliss,
Biadshaw,Brenton,Bnfiington, Burhngame,Chaffee, Ezra
Clark, dawson, Colfax, Coimns, Covode, Crasm, Cum-
baek, Damrell, Timothy Davis, Day, Dean, De Witt, Dick,
Dickson, Dodd, Dm fee, Emne, Flagler, Galloway, Gid-
dings, Gilbeit, Granger, Gtow,RobeitB. Ilall, Ilail.in, ITick-
nian, Ilolloway, Thomas R. Hoiton, Yalentine B. Hoiton,
Howard, Huihston, King, Knapp, Knight, Knowlton, Knox,
Kunkel, Leiter, Mace,' Matteson, McCarty, Meaeham,
Kt'han Miller, Morgan, Morrill, Mott, Murray, Nichols,
Norton, Andrew Oliver, Parker, Pearce, Pelton, Penning-
ton, Perry, Pettit, Pike, Purviance, Ritchie, Bobbins, Rob-
ibon, Sabin, Sage, Sapp, Sherman,'Simmons, Spinner,
Stanton, Stranahan,Tappan, Thorington,Thurston,Todd,
Trafton, Tyson, Wade, Wakeman, Walbridge, Waldron,
Cadwalader C. Washburne, Elhhu B. Washbume, Israel
Washburn, Watson, Welqh, Willi&as, Wood, Woodruff,
and Woodworth—103.
So the resolution was laid upon the table.
Previous to the announcement of the result of
the above vote, and when Ins name was called,
Mr. RUFFIN said: Mr. Clerk, I desire to make
a personal explanation. In the reported pro-
ceedings of our last day's session I find the fol-
lowing:
c< Mr. Letcher. 1 am not much afraid, Mr. Clerk, of
the rights of tlie House being usurped. I move the previous
question.
"Mr. Ruffin. Will the gentleman withhold his motion
for a moment to allow me to 
"Mr. Letcher. X will not give way to anybody. I now
move the previous question."
Nothing more is said than " "Will the gentle-
man withhold his motion for a moment to allow
me to All I now wish to state is, that this
report does mo injustice; it rather saws me off
at the legs. [Laughter.] I have not asked this
House to permit me to make any motion. I did
not call on my friend from Virginia [Mr. Letch-
er] to permit me to make any motion of any
kind. I have contented myself by quietly re-
maining in my seat and voting whenever I was
called on to do so. I wanted to vote squarely on
the question of the reception and the readme of
the President's message. I was willing to assume
the responsibility that attached to the vote. I did
not wish to dodge any motion, nor did I make
any motion myself.
Mr. SAGE (when his name was called) rose and
said: Mr. Clerk, I wish to make an explanation,
