852
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 10,
Mr. YTJLEE. Mr. President, 1 arise rather
for the purpose of raising a question of order,
■which may bring this discussion to what I con-
ceive to be the distinct and real point in issue,
than to interfere with gentlemen who are desirous
of occupying the floor. I understand—I believe
I am correct in the impression—that withoutunan-
imous consent a rule of the Senate cannot be dis-
pensed with. A motion has been made to print
a paper. A rule of the Senate requires that all
papers except those of a specific class shall be
referred to the Committee on Printing perempto-
rily, without discussion and without motion. It
becomes then the duty of the Presiding Officer
of the body to determine the character of this
paper. If, in the opinion of the Presiding Officer,
it is a paper which is not excluded from the gen-
eral operation of the rule by the specific excep-
tions of that rule, it becomes his duty to arrest
debate on the motion for printing, and to refer it
as a matter of course.
Now, I object to waiving the rule. My objec-
tion is sufficient. It becomes, then, according to
my apprehension, the duty of the Chair to decide
whether this is a paper which is withdrawn from
the general operation of the rule, on the ground
that it comes within the specific excepted cases,
as a paper emanating from a State of the Union.
The Chair, then, will decide whether Kansas is
a State; and according as he may decide—whether
for or against—whether this is a paper emanating
from a State, or not from a State, the party in the
Senate who differ from him may appeal, and,
upon the decision of that appeal, we may decide
by a vote of the Senate whether Kansas is a State
or not. The 34th rule provides for the appoint-
ment of a Committee on Printing, to whom shall
be referred every question on the printing of
documents, reports, or other matter transmitted
by either of the Executive Departments, and all
memorials, petitions, accompanying documents,
together with all other matter, the printing of
which shall be moved, excepting bills originating
in Congress, resolutions offered by any Senator,
communications from the Legislatures or conven-
tions, lawfully called, of the respective States,
and motions to print by order of the standing
committees of the Senate; and excepting, also,
messages and other communications from the
President of the United States, and such reports
and communications from the heads of Depart-
ments as may be made to Congress, or to the
Senate, in obedience to law, or in answer to calls
from the Senate.
The exceptions expressly named are all the
cases exempted from the general operation of the
rule. Therefore, unless this can be shown to be
a communication from a State Legislature, or a
convention lawfully called by a State of this
Union, it is a paper which must, under the oper-
ation of the rule—unless by unanimous consent
it be suspended—go to the Committee on Printing.
It is for the Chair to decide whether it is a paper
of the class contemplated by this rule; and, ac-
cording as he may decide, the party differing with
him may appeal from his decision, and that will
bring us to a direct issue on the question of the
condition of Kansas.
The PRESIDENT. The Senator from Florida
having raised the point of order, the Chair will
decide it at once. The Chair did not feel at liberty
to arrest the debate, and take upon himself the
responsibility of decidingwhether this was acom-
mumcation from a legislative body, unless the
question was presented by the Senate. It having
been presented, the Chair is under the impression
that it is not a communication from alegally-con-
stitutcd legislative body within the meaning of
the rule, and therefore the proposition to punt
goes necessarily to the Committee on Printing
under the rule.
Mr. DOUGLAS. That is the end of the
question, I suppose.
Mr. MASON. In that state of things I ask
leave to offer the resolution to which 1 liave before
alluded.
Mr. STUAPtT addressed the Chair.
The PRESIDENT. The communication goes
to the Committee on Printing.
Mr. STUART. I suppose that question is dis-
posed of, and I rose to address the Chair under
the impression 
Mr. MASON. I understood that I had the
floor for the purpose of offering a resolution.
The PRESIDENT. Does the Senator from
Michigan appeal from the decision of the Chair?
Mr. STUART. Not at all. I addressed the
Chair after he had announced his decision for the
purpose of calling up other business.
Mr. MASON. Do I understand that I have
the floor?
The PRESIDENT. No, sir; the Senator from
Michigan is entitled to the floor. The commu-
nication has been referred to the Committee on
Printing.
Mr. WELLER. I take an appeal from the
decision of the Chair on that question, and I de-
sire to make one or two remarks.
Mr. STUART. Can the Senator take the floor
from me ?
The PRESIDENT. The Senator has a right
to appeal from the decision of the Chair.
Mr. WELLER. I only desire to state a few
facts.
The PRESIDENT. The Chair observes that
the Senator from Michigan is dissatisfied with
the decision of the Chair.
Mr. STUART. I only wish to say that the
Chair recognized me as having the floor.
The PRESIDENT. But the Senator from
California states that he appeals from a decision
of the Chair on a point of order. That entitles
him to the floor.
Mr. STUART. I only wished to understand
that fact, because I supposed that I was recog-
nized by the Chair, and was entitled to the floor.
Mr. RUSK. I think it clear that any Senator
can appeal from the decision of the Chair. If one
Senator could obtain the floor, and move to pro-
ceed with business, he might cut off an appeal.
The PRESIDENT. This is a privileged ques-
stion "under the rule, and a Senator can claim a
right to take an appeal.
Mr, WELLER. I only want to state one or
two facts, in order to show that the case of Cali-
fornia forms noprecedent whatever for this move-
ment, as seemed to be supposed by the Senator
from New Hampshire this morning. We acquired
California in 1848; and General Riley, by virtue
of being the commander of the military forces in
that country,claimed also to be the civil Governor.
Congress provided no territorial governmentwhat-
ever for that country, which we had acquired at
the termination of the Mexican war. In 1849,
General Riley, representing the Federal Govern-
ment then in California, issued a proclamation
inviting the people to elect delegates to assemble
at Monterey, in that State, for the purpose of
forming a State, government. So far as the
Federal Government was represented in Califor-
nia by General Riley, the people of that State
had the sanction of the Federal Government to
hold a convention, with a view to the formation
of their constitution. They violated no law of
the United States. There was no law upon
the subject; no territorial government had been
established, as is the case here. They were
without legislation. They assembled together
under the proclamation of the only Federal officer
who had any control on the Pacific coast. They
formed a State constitution, and asked for admis-
sion into the Union. The whole expenses of that
convention, which was held in California, were
paid out of the Federal Treasury. Their acts were
subsequently recognized by admitting them into
the Union. In this ease you have not failed to
discharge your duty, but have passed a law
organizing a territorial government in Kansas;
you have prescribed the conditions on which she
shall form a State government. This govern-
ment which they now ask us to recognize is
formed in direet violation of that law, so that
California forms no precedent at all. Our con-
vention was held without the express sanction
of law, it is true; but so far as General Riley
was invested with civil powers there, as the
representative of Federal Government, we had
that sanction. We violated no law. You had
refused to give us a territorial government. We
organized a State government, and asked for
admission. In this case you have prescribed
the manner in which they shall form a State gov-
ernment, and any attempt to form it in any
different way from that provided by law is in
direct violation of law. Having said this much,
I withdraw the appeal.
The PRESIDENT, Does the Senator from
California withdraw his appeal ?
Mr. WELLER. Certainly. Your decision
was right, sir; I never doubted that.
Mr. STUART. Now, I suppose it will be
competent for me to move to proceed to the con-
sideration of the river and harbor bills.
Mr. BUTLER. I merely wish to say, that I
think the motion to refer the paper to the Com-
mittee on Printing brings up the whole debate,
and I suppose that must be finished.
Mr. STUART. The Senator will allow me
to say that it is not a motion. The rule under
the decision of the Chair carries the memorial to
the Committee on Printing without any motion.
Mr. BAYARD. Then I appeal from the de-
cision of the Chair.
Mr. BUTLER, If it necessarily goes to the
Committee on Printing, I appeal.
Mr. BAYARD. I take an appeal from the
decision of the Chair.
Mr. BUTLER. I would ask the Chair whether
the effect of the decision will be to refer the ques-
tion to the Committee on Printing without a
motion ?
The PRESIDENT. That is the effect of the
rule as the Chair understands it.
Mr. BUTLER. Then I appeal from the de-
cision of the Chair, on the ground that I am
unwilling to send it to the Committee on Print-
ing. If it be in order—I am not a parliamentarian
—I move' that it be not referred to the Committee
on Printing. That brings up the question.
Mr. BELL, of Tennessee. That would be a
violation of the rule.
The PRESIDENT. Such a motion cannot be
made. The rule is imperative.
Mr. BAYARD. I understand that the Chair
gives this construction to the rule: that when a
motion to print is made it must be referred as
of course, without debate, to the Committee on
Printing, and the question is disposed of I can-
not so read the rule. It says the question is to
be referred, but I presume it must be subject to
the judgment of the Senate, whether they will
refer or not. As I wish to make a few remarks
on this question, I appeal from the decision of
the Chair.
Mr. President, I shall endeavor not to tax the
patience of the Senate long, but I desire to state
the grounds on which I oppose the printing of
this petition, and the grounds on which, if I had
been in the Senate Chamber when it was pre-
sented, I should have opposed its reception by the
Senate of the United States. I shall endeavor to
be as brief as possible in the statement of the
principles which I consider it important to pre-
sent on this occasion.
1 admit, as broadly as most persons, the right of
self-government as apolitical right; but I deny that
the right of self-government belongs to the indi-
vidual as an individual, apart from his existence
as a member of an organized community. I con-
sider it as a political right, not an individual right
of man in his natural state, apart from his polit-
ical relations as a member of an existing commu-
nity. The right of self-government exists in that
community, and in each and every member of it.
I am willing to concede that; but I deny that any
individuals whatever, being citizens of the United
States, or of any other country, have a right
to go upon the land of the United States, being
the property of the United States, and organise
there a government, except by the authority of
the United States, who are the owners. That
position is beyond all question, and your laws
recognize that principle. You can prohibit the
sale of the lands, or the entry into them; you can
forbid their settlement altogether. You can lock
them up fropi use if you see fit. You can impose
penalties upon persons going upon the lands, if
you choose to do so. You can prevent political
organization there, and there is no individual
right violated by so doing. There is no right of
self-government which touches that question; but
if you choose to organize any poition of the ter-
ritory of the United States into a territorial form
of government, and delegate to the people who
become the inhabitants of that Territory the right
of self-government under the Constitution of the
United States, then I admit a political right comes
into existence.
What is the state of facts here ? The United
States did organize the Territory here; they
brought into existence the political rights of those
