U8
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[March 6,
34th Cong....1st Sess.
Kansas Contested Election—Mr. Boyce.
Ho. of Reps.
favor of annexation. It was carried by a great
majority in New Hampshire—I presume against
the Senator's eloquence, who, if I mistake not,
was turned out of his old party for opposing it.
Were the people who supported this measure
bought by the South? Who bought the hardy,
intelligent sons of New Hampshire ? What pay
did they receive ? Who was rich enough to buy
them ■ Sir, I remember to have seen it related
of one of the poorest of her sons, Ethan Allen,
that, when it was attempted to seduce him from
his fidelity to his country, he indignantly replied:
" Poor as I am, the King of England is not rich
enough to buy me." [Applause.] Sir, whether
the story be true of him or not, I doubt not that
there are thousands and tens of thousands of the
incorruptible patriots of the land of Ethan Allen
who would proudly have made the same reply to
the same temptation. These men have not been
bought, nor can they be either cajoled or intimi-
dated by the Senator from New Hampshire.
They supported the annexation ofTexas because
they believed it was to the public interest—that it
was a measure of sound policy. It was proposed
by the party with whom they acted; they approved
and adopted it. It was everywhere a party, and
not a sectional, issue. Nearly one half of the
South opposed it, but a majority of both sec-
tions approved it. It is not true that those gal-
lant and patriotic statesmen of New Hampshire,
who supported this measure at home and here,
were "bought" and bribed to support this meas-
ure, or in any way to betray their State or their
section. Many of them were known and revered
by friends and opponents throughout the Union.
Some of them now are gathered to their fathers,
fill honorable graves, and around whose tombs
cluster pleasant memories, untainted by dishonor.
Woodbury, Atherton, and Norris, long known j
and honored by New Hampshire, have thus
passed away. Who bought them ? In the name
of truth, of justice, of my country, and for New (
Hampshire, I repel the charge. ,
New York supported that measure. Who
bought her Representatives ? Who bought Penn-
sylvania? Who bought the men of the great
West? They supported it. Who bought and
who paid for Indiana, Illinois, and Michigan ?
They supported that measure. These wholesale,
baseless, and unfounded charges will not intimi-
date, but they ought to arouse the men of the
North to vindicate their honor, by indignantly
repelling their libelers from their councils.
The northern men who support and maintain
their own opinions on great constitutional ques-
tions, and have the fearless independence to fol-
low their convictions of duty, in the elegant vo-
cabulary of the "friends of humanity," are
usually termed " dough-faces"—" dough-faces"
bought up by the South to betray the North.
Who bought the Nestor of the Senate, [Mr.
Cass,] who with patriotic firmness maintained
his constitutional opinions, and voted against
restriction, amid the yells and shrieks of his
Abolition detractors? He is commonly repre-
sented by this class as the chief of " dough-
faces." Did the fourteen Senators from the non-
slaveholding States who voted for the Kansas bill
sell out themselves and their country ?• It is true
that some of them have fallen victims to tempo-
rary causes. The Abolitionists and the dark-
lantern conspiracy in some States fraternized,
and succeeded in cutting some of them down.
Such things are to be expected in all free coun-
tries. We cannot be wholly exempt from errors
and delusions. Madness will sometimes, but only
for a time," rule the hour." We must take the
good with the evil, urith the firm trust that pop-
ular intelligence and patriotism will finally vindi-
cate themselves, and come to the support of the
right.
The Senator seeks every occasion to ally him-
self and his cause with the North; hence he art-
fully defends the Puritans from imputations which
my fiiend from Tennessee [Mr. Jones] had never
cast upon them. He told us the North would
fight. I«Tielieve that nobody ever doubted that
any portion of the people of the United States
would fight on a proper occasion. Sir, if there
shall ever be civil war in this country, when
honest men shall set about cutting each other
throats, those who are least to be depended on
in
a fight will be the people vtho will set them at it.
There are courageous and honest men enough in
both sections of the Union to fight. You may
preach in your pulpits in favor of sending Sharpe s
rifles to Kansas, and you may succeed in getting
courageous men to go there to use them. Not
the least misfortune resulting from it will be,
that those who stir up the strife are not apt to be
found even within the reach of a* far-shooting
Sharpe's rifle. No, sir; there is no question of
courage involved. The people of both sections
of the Union have illustrated their courage on too
many battle-fields to be questioned. They have
shown their fighting qualities shoulder to shoul-
der together whenever their country has called
upon them; but that they may never come in con-
I tact with each other in fraternal war should be
the ardent wish and earnest desire of every true
man and honest patriot.
With reference to that portion of the Senator's
argument justifying the "emigrant aid soci-
eties "—whatever may be their policy, whatever
may be the tendency of that policy to produce
strife—if they simply aid emigrants from Mas-
sachusetts to go to Kansas, and to become citi-
zens of that Territory, 1 am prepared to say that
they violate no law, and they had a right to do
it, and every attempt to prevent them doing so
violated the law, and ought not to be sustained.
But if they have sent persons there furnished with
arms, with the intent to offer forcible resistance to
the constituted authorities, they are guilty of the
highest crime known to civil society, and are
amenable to its penalties. I shall not undertake
to decide upon tneir conduct. The facts are not
; before me, and I therefore pass it by.
j I shall be pardoned, I trust, for not going into ,
i crimination or recrimination as to the matters in I
; dispute between the emigrants sent out by the aid
| societies and the inhabitants of Missouri. It is
} wholly immaterial to this issue who is right and
| who is wrong. If wrongs have been committed,
apply the law to such as come within its provis-
ions. If the law is too weak, apply force in aid
of its execution, and to any extent necessary to
its execution, and no further.
I know that many gentlemen with whom 1 have !
corresponded, and from whom I have otherwise
heard, in western Missouri, General Atchison
among them, ask for nothing more. They simply
demand that the actual settlers who go to that
; country shall have a fair opportunity to establish
I those domestic institutions which they may think
proper. General Atchison took this ground in
1 the Senate. I am very sure he stands upon it
now. 1 shall, therefore, dismiss the anonymous,
unsupported charges against him. He is ready,
at all times, to answer for himself; and, I am sure,
in every contingency he will maintain that lofty
, character which he has always sustained.
Mr. HALE. I made no charge against him.
I disclaimed any such purpose. I simply read
the extracts, and gave my authority for them.
Mr. TOOMBS. If the Senator made no charge,
I must say that I cannot commend the good taste
or fairness of retailing against- an honest man
rumors or charges derogatory to his character,
picked up in the streets, or in irresponsible news-
papers. I doubt not the Senator did that wrong
unintentionally. I think, in that respect, the Sen-
ator erred—more especially as the conduct of Mr.
Atchison is not called in question, and can in no-
wise affect the questions under consideration.
The Senator alluded to the Dorr rebellion in
Rhode Island, and went back twelve or thirteen
years and presented us with the views then en-
tertained by President Pierce on what he calls
" squatter sovereignty." Many of the resolutions
which he read, as having been offered by the
President, I approve. A large-portion of them I
approve; they announced some sound constitu-
tional truths. Some of them I am not prepared
lu SAy 1 wholl7 approve. But I do approve, to
the fullest extent, everything the President has
done in this matter, and I cannot suffer the Sen-
ator to set off one against the other; and I see no
other reason why tnose resolutions are bi ought j
here. But I can see no discrepancy between the
President s opinions now and then. The com- I
plaint in Kansas is not against organic law, but I
against ordinary legislation, remediable at any !
time by the ballot-box. It is to enforce these i
laws while they exist, and to protect the free ex-
ercise at the ballot-box of the right to change,
and at the instance of both parties, that the Pres-
ident feels it incumbent on him to prepare to
bring the military in aid of the civil authority. I
know there is a government in Kansas which was
rut there by the authority of the United States.
know there is a Governor and Legislature, and
laws providing for the administration of justice.
These are lawlessly assailed; it is his duty to
protect them.
The Senator has read, with many facetious
comments, a law passed by. the Legislature of
Kansas for the punishment of those who incite
| insurrection among the slaves of the Territory.
I approve such a law. All Governments claim
< and exercise the right to prevent anybody from
inciting"insurrection among them, whether they
have Africans among them or not. He who goes
into a society, disregards its laws, and attempts
to excite insurrection and subvert society, de-
serves not only the punishment inflicted by the
law which the Senator read, but probably even
that suggested by the Senator from Tennessee,
[Mr. J ones.] Sir, insurrection is the highest crime
against society. When a citizen goes into Kan-
sas from Georgia or Massachusetts, and finds
laws in existence passed by the lawful authority,
he owes obedience to those laws until they are
abrogated. Let him endeavor to change those
laws if they are bad, but let him take care to do
( it in a legal and proper manner. That is legit-
imate; that is proper; but let him not attempt to
I incite insurrection among any class of inhabitants,
white or black. We have such laws in Georgia,
and I approve them; nobody but bad men and
vicious intermeddlers complain of them. They
exist not only in the slave States, but also in the
free States. It was well remarked by a learned
English author, " that he who goeth about teach-
ing the people that they are not so well governed
as they should be, will not fail to find many
attentive listeners," whether the Government be
good or bad. As long as you are within the law,
you may change your Government; but whenever
you attempt to do it by force and bloodshed, you
are usually held to be an enemy of society, and
must take the chances of revolution. Gentlemen
had better make up their minds not to risk insur-
rection in Kansas; they might find it costly po-
litical capital to their active agents, and dangerous
to themselves. The supremacy of the law will
be upheld.
KANSAS CONTESTED ELECTION.
SPEECH OF HON. W. W. BOYCE,
OF SOUTH CAROLINA,
In the House of Representatives,
March 6, 1856,
On the Resolution reported from the Committee of Ejections
in the Contested-Election case from the Territory of Kan-
sas.
Mr. BOYCE said:
Mr. Speaker: I have not had time, since the
presentation of the majority and minority reports
from the Committee of Elections, in reference to
the Kansas contested-election case, to examine
them carefully, and I shall therefore have to depend
for a knowledge of their statements on what I
i heard of them yesterday when they were read
I from the Clerk's desk. It seemed to me that a
great deal of irrelevant matter was introduced into
the majority report. Instead of confining them-
selves strictly to the subject before them, the par-
ticular manner in which evidence should be taken
in the case, the committee went into a detailed re-
°.u'ra£es alleged to have been committed in
the Territory of Kansas. It may not have been the
purpose, but the effect was necessarily to inflame
the publ ic mind on this agitating question. I shall
not follow the example set me; although I might
reply, and very satisfactorily, to the historical
recital which the majority of the committee have
made. I mightlight up my subject with the firea
of the burning habitations of southern emigrants
in Kansas, who have suffered at the hands of law-
less violence; but I do not think it proper to do
tHis9 because it does not belong1 necessarily to
the question before the House. I propose to treat
