854
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 10,
.be; but, if it be forced upon us, 1 am ready to
meet it.
Mr. BAYARD. It is my intention to with-
draw the appeal, for I do not wish to continue
the debate; but I may have not exactly explained
the distinction to which I adverted. If these
parties had petitioned as citizens of Kansas, or
as citizens of the United States, I should have voted
to receive their petition, and should have voted
for its printing or not, according as I thought
the interest of the country required, and as I
supposed the effect would be likely to be benefi-
cial or otherwise. But when these persons, on
the face of their own petition, claim to present
it in a character which is in itself an act of revo-
lution, of which I must take official notice as a
Senator, I cannot receive such a petition any
more than I should consider it my duty to do so
if a portion of the people of the State of Michi-
gan, dissatisfied with the existing government,
without authority of law, should undertake to
hold meetings, and organize one half of the
State into a separate State, and should come here
with a petition, and ask me or the Senator from
Michigan to present it. On the face of the peti-
tion in either case, I should consider the act as
an act of revolution. The parties do not come
in their individual rights, but under a character
which involves treason in the very act; and there-
fore it is, that I will not consent either to receive
or to print this petition. 1 withdraw the appeal.
The PRESIDENT. The appeal being with-
drawn, there is no question before the Senate.
Mr. ADAMS. Mr. President, I have desired
for some time to make a brief personal explana-
tion, in reference to tnis matter;and, therefore, by i
way of evading the rules, as I am a great stickler
for rules, I wiil take an appeal myself.
The PRESIDENT. Then the Chair is bound
to state the rule, that a,gentleman who takes an
appeal, should confine himself to it. The Chair
ought to have said this to the Senator from Cali-
fornia, but, as he did not, he will not enforce the
rule against the Senator from Mississippi.
Mr. ADAMS. I ask for no exclusive privi-
leges in this body. I only desired to explain my
course on this matter. My object was to sustain
the decision of the Chair, and I intended to con-
fine myself to that. I was the first to object to
printing this paper, nsa memorial coming from a
State Legislature. As 1 am cutoff by a rule not
applied to others, I feel a reluctance to go on,
under the circumstances.
The PRESIDENT. The Senator from Mis-
sissippi will proceed.
Mr. ADAMS. "When the Senator from Mich-
igan introduced this petition, and moved to print
it, I objected to it if the pioposition was to print
it under the rules authorizing the printing of pe-
titions and resolutions from the Legislatures of
the States, not believing that tins was a Legisla-
ture within the meaning of the rule, as the Chair
has decided. I stated, however, at that time,
(and that is the point which I wish to explain,)
that, out of courtesy to the Senator who made the
motion, I was willing to consent to the printing.
My attention had not then been called to the rule.
So soon as the Senator from South Carolina made
that point, I determined, in my own mind, to vote j
against the printing, because every man who 1
voted for the printing, after his attention was
called to that f.ict, would have been voting that
this so-called Legislature was a Legislature within
the meaning of the rule. That would have been
a test vote. To introduce it, I admit, as stated
by the Senator from Michigan, is no evidence of
a man's belief that Kansas is a State; but to vote
for the printing without a reference to the Com-
mittee on Printing, would have been (and 1 ap-
prehend that such was the object of getting such
a vote in this body) indirectly to obtain a recog-
nition on the part of the Senate of the United
States, that these people composed the Legisla-
ture of the State of Kansas. For this reason,
although, as I stated in the first instance, I was
willing to vote for the motion of-the Senator from
Michigan, out of courtesy to him, when the rule
is brought to our attention, and I discovered the
bearing of the*question, I am compelled to vote
against it.
Mr. CASS. I observe that the Senator from
Mississippi—and my attention has just been at-
tracted to it by a conversation across the area—
speaks of the intention being not so much to refer
the petition as to obtain an expression from the
Senate on it. I trust that the Senator did not
mean to say that I had any such intention.
Mr. ADAMS. Not at all; I did notuuderstand
the Senator as insisting on the printing.
Mr. CASS. In fact, I did not think of it until
somebody on the other side suggested to move
the printing, and I did it.
Mr. MASON. It would seem to me that in
some way, the object of the Senate in refusing to
take up the special order of the day, and to get at
this obnoxious paper, has been eluded through
the operation of a rule of the Senate. I under-
stand the Chair to have decided, and doubtless to
have decided correctly, that this paper, from its
character, must of necessity, under the rule, go to
the Committee on Printing; and that, therefore,
it is removed from the further consideration of
the Senate. Now, sir, I take it for granted that
the very decided vote by which the motion of the
Senator from Michigan [Mr. Stuart] to take up
the special order was rejected, was indicative of
the purpose of the Senate to dispose of this paper,
and to dispose of it to-day. With a view to that,
1 ask leave to offer a resolution which I will read
for information, and which, 1 think, will have the
effect of attaining the object:
Resolved, That the order ot the 7th instant, referring the
paper purporting to be tlie memorial of certain individuals
representing: themselves* as senators and repiesentatives in
the General" Assembly of the State of Kansas, to the Com-
mittee on Territories, be rescinded ; and that the Committee
on Printing bo discharged tioin the consideration of the
motion to punt the said paper.
That, I think, will effect the object.
The PRESIDENT. Does the Senator aslc for
the immediate consideration of the resolution?
Mr. MASON. Yes, sir.
Mr. SEWARD. Let it lie over.
The PRESIDENT. Objection being made, it
must lie over under the rules. The Senator from
Michigan is entitled to the floor.
Mr. STUART. In making the motion to take
up the river and harbor bills, I merely desire to
say (what I suppose there can be no use in say-
ing) that I disclaim all idea of pertinacity in
pressing my views here against the wishes of the
Senate. 1 only wish now to move, if agreeable
to the Senate, that they will, according to the
previous understanding, proceed to the consider-
ation of the river and harbor bills.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I desire to reply to some
of the remarks which have been made in refex^ence
to this petition.
Several Senators. It is too late.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The manner in which it
is passing from the consideration of the Senate
seems to preclude that beingdone without taking
an appeal fiom the decision of the Chair. Under
such appeals, I observe that speeches have been
made. I suppose it will not be too late to appeal
from the decision with the view of replying to
some things that have been said by others.
Tlie PRESIDENT. The Senator from Mich-
igan has a motion before the Senate.
Mr. STUART. I suppose that while my mo-
tion is pending the Senator from Illinois is hardly
m order. 1 beg leave to say to him that I hope
he will not press the subject to-day. This reso-
lution has been objected to, and the subject will
come up to-morrow.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I understood the Chair
to decide before, that an appeal from his decision
was a privileged question, and that, although the
Senator from Michigan had the floor at the time,
lie was bound to yield it for an appeal.
The PRESIDENT. The Chair permitted sev-
eral Senators in discussing the appeal to speak to
the merits of the mam question, which is really
against the rule of the body.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. Is the appeal debatable
at all, Mr. President?
The PRESIDENT. It has been the practice
for Senators to state their objections to the decis-
ion of the Chair, but not go beyond that.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I will avow that my ob-
ject is to reply to what was said by others on an
appeal from the decision of the Chair. If the
Chair rules that to be out of order, of course I
must submit.
The PRESIDENT. If the Senator insists,
the indulgence having been extended to others,
the Chair will allow it to him.
Mr. STUART. I hope not to-day.
Mr. BIGLER. The whole character of the
question as one of order has certainly changed.
An appeal was made from the decision of the
Chair in referring the memorial to the Committee
on Printing. To that appeal, Senators have
spoken; but the whole subiect has been disposed
of, and new business has intervened. The Sen-
ator from Virginia has offered a resolution, which,
although relating to the same subject, is, I sug-
gest, as a matter of order, to be regarded as en-
tirely a new question.
The PRESIDENT. If the Senator from Penn-
sylvania raises the question of order, the Chair
must decide that the Senator from Illinois is not
in order.
Mr. BIGLER. That is the question which I.
raise.
The PRESIDENT. The question is on the
motion of the Senator from Michigan to proceed
to the consideration of the river and harbor bills.
Mr. RUSK. It is now fifteen minutes past two
o'clock, and several Senators have spoken, and
others desire to do so. I do not think the river
and harbor bills can be disposed of to-day. It is
manifest that there is a disposition, on the part
of a majority of the Senate, to go through with
this debate. I think it would be saving a great
deal of time; and, therefore, 1 hope the motion of
the Senator from Michigan will not be adopted—
not that I am opposed to it—I will vote with him
at any other time; but I do not think he will
advance his business now.
Mr. STUART. I think the Senator from Texas
misapprehends the state of the questio/i. The
resolution of the Senator from Virginia has been
objected to on the other side, and must go over
for a day.
Mr. SEWARD. I will withdraw the objection
to the consideration of the resolution, and allow
it to be taken up.
Mr. STUART. Then I have no objection to
withdraw my motion.
The PRESIDENT. The question is on taking
up for consideration the resolution offered by the
Senator from Virginia. The Chair hears no
objection. The resolution will be read.
The Secretary read it, as follows:
Revolved, That the order of the 7th instant, referring the
paper purporting to be a memorial of certain individuals
representing themselves as senators and representatives in
the General Assembly of the State of Kansas, to the Com-
mittee on Tenitoiies, be rescinded; and that the Committee
on Punting be discharged from the con&ideidtion of the
motion to print the said paper.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I am only induced, Mr.
President, to say anything on this question by
the assumptions, as I conceive them, which have
been made by certain Senators who have spoken
in reference to it. It seems to be taken for granted
by some persons, that there is a legally-constitu-
ted Territorial Legislature in Kansas, or that there
has been such a one. Now, sir, that position is
denied. Lying at the very foundation of that
assumption, and which overthrow the whole of
it, arc the facts which have been produced here
from day to day in the speeches of Senators, and
arc contained in the official documents which have
been communicated to the two Houses of Con-
gress, showing that there never has been a legally-
constitutcd Territorial Legislature assembled in
Kansas at all. It is insisted, and as we conceive
it has been proven, that the persons assuming to
act as a Territorial Legislature had no authority
so to act; that they were a spurious body of per-
sons arrogating to themselves to be the Territo-
rial Legislature; that they were never elected in
l pursuance of the act of Congress, but were elected
: by persons not qualified to vote; and that the
whole proceedings of that Legislature are illegal
and void. I believe, and I endeavored on a former
occasion to show and to prove, that such was the
fact.
Now, sir, what have we done in reference to
that assemblage of persons which is quifce-as ille-
gal in my judgment as the assemblage of persons
at Topeka, who foimed a State constitution?
We have received what purport to be the laws
enacted by that spurious Lcgisiatuic, and we have
ordered them to be printed. There would be
just as much propriety in refusing to print the
acts of that assemblage of persons styling them-
selves the Territorial Legislature of Kansas, as
there is in refusing to print the acts of the Topeka
| convention.
j Again, sir, it is assumed, that the persons
i assembled at Topeka are in a state of rebellion.
