1728
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 23.
Mr. HOUSTON. I <lo not object to the mag-
nitude of the sum appropriated by this bill, nor
do I wish to delay the business of the Senate;
but I think we ought not to pass bills unless we
have a quorum present. It seems to me that we
ought to retain some semblance of the customary
forms in our legislation.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair has
no right to decide that there is not a quorum
present; that must be shown by a vote.
Mr. DODGE. I will say to the Senator from
Texas, that Milwaukee is the strong point of our
State. It has a population of 35,000. It has a
commerce larger than any other port in the State.
The steam vessels there in 1855 were 1,254, the
Bailing vessels 1,248, not reported 300, making
altogether 2,802. Milwaukee is a port of entry
at this time; and the rest of the points provided
for by our bills are ports of delivery. The
amount of duties collected at this port during
the past year was $173,130. I think there can
be no doubt that Milwaultie is entitled to an
appropriation of $17,500 for the continuation of
the harbor improvement. It is well known to the
honorable Senator from Michigan and the hon-
orable Senator from Illinois that it is a most
important point on the western shore of Lake
Michigan. It is the commercial capital of the
State. Only the small sum of $17,500 is asked
for the continuation of this work. I should be
pleased to have a full Senate to decide the ques-
tion if there were any necessity for it; but I hope
my friend from Texas will be satisfied.
Mr. HOUSTON. I do not question the import-
ance of this harbor. My objections are twofold;
first, that there is notaquorum here; and second,
that the work is proposed to be done under the
direction of the War Department. I think no
improvement of this kind ought to be done under
the direction of the War Department. Where
that is the case, it is generally done by incompe-
tent persons, who are entirely theoretic in their
knowledge, and have no practical skill or efficiency
in making such improvements as are adapted to
the wants of commerce. It seems to me, that if
this improvement is so very important to com-
merce, duties on tonnage at this point would
complete the improvements contemplated by the
niosed appropriation of $17,500. 1 believe it
e my duty conscientiously to call for the
yeas and nays on the engrossment of the bill.
The yeas and nays were ordered, and taken,
with the following result:
YEAS—Messrs. Bell of Tennessee, Benjamin, Bright,
Cass, Dodge, Douglas, Durkce, Fessenden, Geyer, Seward,
Wade, Weller, Wilson, and Wright—14.
NAVS—Messis. Biggs, Houston, and Ileid—3.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. There is not
a quorum voting.
Mr. SEWARD. I move that the Senate ad-
journ. |
Mr. BELL, of Tennessee. I think it is p.-oper
to note the time of day. I perceive that the
reporters sometimes do not report the hour of
adjournment. It is now half past four o'clock,
and I think it ought to be entered on the Journal.
Mr. WELLER. The reporters will take notice
of it.-
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. There is no
precedent for inserting on the Journal the time of
adjournment, but of course the Senate can make
an order to that effect.
Mr. BELL, of Tennepsee. I only wish to
bring the matter to the attention of the Senate.
_ The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The question
is on the motion to adjourn.
The motion was agreed to; and at half past four
o clock the Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OP REPRESENTATIVES.
Wednesday, July 23, 1856.
The House met at eleven o'clock, a. m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. Daniel Waldo.
CALL OF THE HOUSE.
SPEAKER. The Journal will be read,
it there is no objection.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I object, unless
there is^a quorum present.
1 he SPEAKER. It is apparent that there is
no quorum present.
HOTseJ°NiiS' The" let US have a cali of th®
Mr. HOUSTON. It will be necessary to order
a call of the House before the question is taken
on the motion to reconsider, which will be called
up this morning. I move that call now; and on
that motion demand the yeas and nays. By the
time the call is finished, members will be here.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the affirmative—yeas 71, nays 50; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Aiken, Allison, Barbour, Billinghurst,
Brenton, Broom, Burnett, John P. Campbell, Carhle, Wil-
liamson R. W. Cobb, Comins, Craige, Crawford, Damrell,
Davidson, Timothy Davis, Dean, Denver, Dodd, Durfee,
Edwards, Emrie, Flagler, Goode, Granger, Greenwood,
Marian, Haven, Valentine B. liorton, Houston, Jewett,
Geoige W. Jones, Kelsey, Kennett, King, Knapp, Knox,
Letcher, Lumpkin, Matteson, Maxwell, McCarty, McMul-
Iin, McQueen, iviiiian Miller, Smith Miller, Milison, Mur-
ray, Andrew Oliver, Peck, Phelps, Purviane«, Puryear,
Quitaian,Ricaud,Ruffin, Sabin, Seward, Samuel A. Smith,
William R. Small, Stephens, Stewart, Swope, Thurston,
Vaii, Warner, Watkins, Watson, Winslow, Woodruff, and
JoJln V. Wright—71.
NAYS—Messrs. Albright, Barksdale, Ilenrv Bennett,
Benson, Bradshaw, Branch, Buffimon,Cadwalader,Ca kie,
Chaffee, Ciin^man, Cox, Ciagin, Cullen, Cumback, Ether-
idge, Foster, Thomas R. Horton, Knight, Leiter, Alexander
K. Marshall, Moore, Morgan, Nichols, Pike, Ritchie, Kob-
bins, Sap[i, Savage, Himmons, William Smith, Sneed, Stan-
ton, Stranahan, Thoimgton, Todil, Trafton, Tnpjie, Under-
wood. Valk, Wade, Wakonian, Walbridge, Waldron,Elhhu
B. Washburne, Wells, Whitney, Williams, Wood, and
Zollicuffer—50. '
So it was ordered that there be a call of the
House.
Pending the above call,
Mr. SNEED stated that his colleague, Mr.
Rivers, was absent from the Hall because of
indisposition.
Mr. ENGLISH stated that he had paired off
with Mr. Galloway.
Mr. STAJNTON. I move that all farther pro-
ceedings under the call be dispensed with.
Mr, STEPHENS. I hope not. Unless we
have a call of the House, members will be absent
every morning. Let the call be proceeded with.
Mr. LETCHER. That is right.
The roll was called under the order of the
House, and the following named gentlemen failed
to answer to their names:
Messrs. Barclay, Bishop, Bocock, Bowie, Burlingame,
James H. Campbell, Clulds, Bayard Clarke, Howell Uobl),
Covode, Day, De Witt, flick. jEdte, Edinund^on, Rustis,
Evans, Faulkner. Henry M. Fuller, Thomas J. D. Fuller,
Grow, Augustus Hall, Sampson W. Harris, Hainson, Her-
bert, Ilickman, Hoffman, Holloway, Howard, Kuukel,
Lindley, Mace, Humphrey Marshall, Millwaid, Mordecai
Oliver. Orr, I'ame, Pearce, Pennington, Poiter, Ready,
Richardson, Itivers, Eoliison, Rust, Sandidge, Talbott, Ty-
son, Walker, Cadwalader O. \Va hburne, Welch, and
Wheeler.
The SPEAKER directed the Doorkeeper to
close the doors of the House.
Mr. STANTON. I move that all further pro-
ceedings under the call be dispensed with.
Mr. RUFPIN. I hope not. The absent mem-
bers had better be sent for.
Mr. STANTON. "We had better, I think,
consume no more time with the call of the House.
There is a quorum present.
Mr. GRKENWOOD. Will a bare objection
prevent the dispensing with further proceedings
under the call 5
.The SPEAKER.
cided by a majority.
Mr. GREENWOOD. 1 desire to make this
remark: On the day before yesterday the House
nearly unanimously adopted a resolution that its
daily meetings should be at eleven o'clock instead
of twelve. There were only thirty-seven dissent-
ing votes. The resolution was offered by the
gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Stanton,] who now
moves that all further proceedings under the call
of the House be dispensed with. The gentleman
himself was not in his seat this morning when
the House met. I insist that for once the House
shall carry out the call of the House. We should
let members who are in the city know that it is
their duty to be here, and not to delay the public
business. I hope the motion of the gentleman
from Ohio will not prevail, but that the call of the
House will be carried out to its fullest extent.
Mr. STANTON. I hold that it is the duty
of the members of this House to be here at the
time prescribed by the resolution fixing the time
of meeting, which certainly is not too early. Jt
is perfectly clear, from all past experience, that,
« gentlemen fail to appear at the time prescribed,
all that you can do is to place their names upon
the record, and let them take the responsibility to
The question must be de-
the country and their constituents for absenting
themselves.
Mr. HOUSTON. Will the gentleman allow
me to ask him a question ?
Mr. STANTON. Certainly.
Mr. HOUSTON. Suppose they do as my
friend from Ohio [Mr. Stanton] did this morn-
ing—stay out of the House until the call is nearly
through, and come in just in time to answer when
the roll is nearly through. The S's are low
down on the list.
I was not absent when the
Mr. STANTON,
call commenced.
Mr. HOUSTON,
the House.
Mr. STANTON.
Mr. HOUSTON.
The gentleman was not i
I was in the House.
I saw the gentleman come
in after the call had commenced.
Mr. STANTON. I was in the House, and
answered to my name upon the first call of the
yeas and nays. I came in before the Clerk had
proceeded with one third of the yeas and nays.
I was here three minutes after the call of the yeas
and nays commenced.
I have seen this experiment of compelling the
attendance of absent members tried repeatedly,
and never saw it result in anything except the
useless comsumption of two or three hours of
the time of the House. I am perfectly satisfied
that such will be the result now, and that it will
have no influence in bringing about a fuller or
more punctual attendance in future; and therefore
I hope the House will spend no more time in this
call.
Mr. STEPHENS. I agree with the gentleman
from Ohio. There is now a full House, and
perhaps to-morrow members will be in at the
regular hour of meeting. Let us try it this day,
and suspend further proceedings in the call.
[Cries of "Agreed! "1
Mr. HOUSTON. I make no objection to sus-
pending proceedings in this call. I made the
motion for a call of the House this morning,
and it is true, as the Speaker and every member
who was here will bear witness, that there were
probably not forty members present at that time.
I moved the call in order to get members here.
Nearly an hour has already been consumed, and
we are within a few minutes of the old time of
meeting.
The SPEAKER. Unless objection is made,
further proceedings in the call will be dispensed
with.
Mr. BRANCH. I object.
The SPEAKER, The Chair will then put the
question on the motion of the gentleman from
Ohio, [Mr. Stanton.]
The question was put; and the motion was
agreed to; there being, on a division—ayes 64,
noes 61.
So all further proceedings in the call were dis-
pensed with; and the Speaker ordered the doors
of the Hall to be reopened.
The Journal of yesterday was then read and
approved.
Ihe SPEAKER stated that the first business
in order was the consideration of the resolutions
reported by the Committee of Elections on the
contested seat from Nebraska.
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATIONS.
The SPEAKER, by unanimous consent, laid
before the House a communication from the Sec-
retary of the Treasury, recommending additional
legislation more effectually to prevent under-
valuation of merchandise,&c.; which was referred
to the Committee of Ways and Means, and
ordered to be printed.
Also, a communication from the Treasury De-
partment, inclosing, for the consideration of the
Committee of Ways and Means, a copy of a letter
received from the melter and refiner of the Mint
at Philadelphia, in reference to the proposed
change in the cent coinage; which was referred
to the Committee of Ways and Means, and
ordered to be printed.
THE STEAMER VAKDERBIIT.
The SPEAKER also, by unanimous consent,
laid before the House the following communica-
tion; which was laid upon the table, and ordered
to be printed:
m Washington City, July 23,1856.
To the Hon. N. P. Banks,
Speaker of ihe House of Representative* :
Sir : I beg leave to tender to you, and through you to the
