1856.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL 0LO8&
34th Cong....1st Sess.
Kansas Contested Election—Mr. Boyce.
Ho. of Reps.
the question before us in its naked proportions, in
reference to the mode in which the committee
should proceed to take testimony for the determ-
ination of the right to a seat here, either of Mr.
Whitfield or his contestant.
The majority of the committee seem to insist,
so far as I could understand the report read yes-
terday, that they could not take evidence in Kan-
sas, in the present condition of things in that
Territory; that it was such an unsettled eountry,
so wild, and so destitute of facilities for the ex-
amination of witnesses, that they could not take
evidence there. But it seems to me they have
overrated the difficulties in that respect entirely.
Why can they not take evidence in that new
Territory, as well as they can in any of the Ter
ritories of the United States? They have roads;
they have rivers; they have settlements. Why,
then, cannot the witnesses be brought together
there as well as elsewhere? Nobody imagines
that witnesses could not be examined in Nebraska,
Washington, or Oregon Territories. Then why
not in Kansas ? But it is said that such a course
would produce great excitement. It seems to me
that the committee over-estimates the extent of
the excitement existing in Kansas. I have no
doubt that these things are exaggerated. The
committee wisely caution us not to listen to all
the idle reports which we might hear, and at the
same time they seem to me to give too much faith
to these rumors, because they appear to believe
that there is almost a state of war in Kansas. I
have no doubt that the state of things in Kansas
has been exaggerated. I have no idea that the
taking of testimony there would be attended with
the disastrous consequences anticipated by the
committee. If I understand their report, they
say there are no justices of the peace there; and
there, 1 apprehend, is the place where the shoe
pinches.
Mr. HICKMAN. Will the gentleman from
South Carolina permit me to say a word?
Mr. BOYCE. Certainly.
Mr. HICKMAN. It is right that I should
say that the majority of that committee rested no
part of their report on rumor, or upon newspaper
. articles. They rested their report, and grounded it
upon the statement of facts alleged by Governor
Reeder, and the allegations contained in the proc-
lamation of the President of the United States,
and his special message to Congress in reference
to Kansas.
Mr. BOYCE. They say that there are not
sufficient justices of the peace in the Territory to
take the testimony. Here I imagine is the real
objection the majority of the committee have to
going into an examination of this case in the usual
manner. They are unwilling to do it in a form
which might seem, in any sense whatever, to
recognize the existing government in Kansas.
But it seems to me that there is no necessity of
going into this new mode of proceeding in order
to avoid that difficulty. The House may guard
against that difficulty by declaring that the
justices of the peace, de facto, shall have the right
to take the testimony. The reasons, then, stated 1
by a majority of the committee for this novel i
course of proceeding are not satisfactory. This
is entirely a new course of proceeding. In the
whole practice of the Government, so far as I have
been able to ascertain, we have never before au-
thorized the Committee of Elections to send for
persons and papers in the case of a contested
seat, except in the New Jersey case, and that was
a precedent originated at a time of party de-
lirium. "
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. The gentle-
man will find, if he will examine the matter, that
during the First or Second Congress, after the
adoption of the Constitution, that the House ex-
pressly gave to the Committee of Elections the
power to send 4or persons and papers.
Mr. BOYCE. But never since that time ex-
cept in the case I have mentioned. The House
doubtless found the practice a bad one, and .re-
pudiated it from the time of the Second Con-
gress until the New Jersey case came up. Now,
in reference to this new and unusual mode of
taking testimony, if the question were between
this or no other mode, there might be some reason
in the proposition of the«committee. But it is
not so. We have the*old mode authorized by
the act of 1851, and we have another alternative,
as suggested the other day, to send special com-
missions to Kansas. Therefore the question is
not between this mode and no other,but between
the old mode and this new mode.
It seems to me there are grave objections to this
mode. What witnesses will you have brought
here, if you send to Kansas for persons? They
will be willing witnesses—swift witnesses. Those
are the very men we do notwanthere. We want
men who have been attending to their own busi-
ness; who have not been excited to fever heat by
affairs in that Territory; and who have something
to do besides coming here upon a crusade to fur-
nish evidence. It seems to me that the proposed
method is the worst possible mode of obtaining
evidence. We should have here only partisans;
while we want the evidence of that portion of the
community which is calm and dispassionate. Be-
sides ,this mode involves immense expense. There
is no estimating what the cost of it will be. Prob-
ably $200,000 or more. Once open the door for
everybody to enlist in this army of witnesses, and
under the zeal of partisan feeling there is no tell-
ing where the matter will end. Every man in
Kansas who wants to take a trip to Washington
at Government expanse will have a budget of
news to unfold.
It seems to me that this mode of obtaining evi-
dence is not the proper one, in examining who is
entitled to a seat as Delegate from Kansas. It
would be much more appropriate if it were a gen-
eral examination of all the affairs of Kansas. If
you desire that sort of tin investigation, appoint
a special committee, and refer to it the special
message of the President, and confer upon it
power to send for persons and papers to make
such examination; but let them not take this'
special election case to hinge this indefinite ex-
ploration upon.
I think, then, that the committee have failed to
give sufficient reasons why we should adopt this
new plan which they have proposed. The rec-
ommendation of the committee, if adopted, leaves
them at liberty to examine the whole history of
Kansas, and everything which has taken place
there, from the inception of the government down
to this time. I do not think thatthiscase should
give them that unbounded license. It is confined
in a narrow compass. We have not a boundless
sea of discovery upon which to take a voyage.
Our limits are narrow; as I conceive the question.
It seems to me, sir, there is perhaps only one
question in the case; and that is as to whether
legality of the action of the Legislature of Kan-
sas was affected by the Legislature removing from
the town of Pawnee to the Shawnee Mission.
When this question was taken up the other day,
different opinions were expressed as to the rule
which should guide the House in the investigation
of the case-, and I apprehend that there ought to
be some rule. We ought not to pursue this
matter vaguely and without any landmarks. The
chairman of the Committee of Elections, if I
understood him correctly, seemed to think that
we had the power to proceed in this matter under
the Constitution, giving us power to determine
the qualifications of members, &c.; but it seems
to me that this is an entire misconception of the
matter, because Delegates of the Territories are
not, accurately speaking, members of this House.
Again: it was insisted by some other gentle-
man that, in the investigation of this case, we are
absolutely bound to pursue the directions of the
act of 1851. That, perhaps, is not strictly cor-
rect either. My own impression is, that the
act of 1851, though not absolutely binding upon
the House in this case—because it merely relates
to the election of members of the House—is to a
certain extent binding as a persuasive authority,
as a parliamentary precedent, as the sense of
the House on the important subject as to how
these elections are to be investigated. It is not
merely a question of form as to what rule the
House should be guided by in its attempt to
investigate the case; it is in reality a question of
substance; because on the rule which you adopt
in the investigation of the case will depend im-
portant consequences, whether we adopt the rules
laid down by the act of 1851 or by the parlia-
mentary precedents. Either standard of investi-
gation will limit the range of inquiry.
What does the act of 1851 prescribe? The
act of 1851 is, it occurs to me, an act founded in
eminent wisdom—an act which_ will stand the
I closest scrutiny. That act provides, in the first
place, that the contestant snail " specify particu-
larly the grounds upon which he relies in the con-
! test." Whydbesitsay " specify particularly?"
Because Congress understood the evil effects
' which would arise from allowing these matters
! to be based upon general objections; and like
every other court called upon to investigate
a subject, Congress required the matter to be
stated specifically, so that it could proceed under-
standing^. Again: The act further goes on and
requires the person claiming-the seat, in his
answer to the contestant's protest, if he affirm
any new facts, to state them " specifically." The
result is, then, that, by these two provisions of
the act, the pleadings are made specific and the
parties brought to issue. They do not, then,
come here at large, disputing everything, but a
few points are developed for examination. And
the House can understand, the importance of
this rule at once, because it is obvious that the
Committee of Elections are facilitated in their in-
vestigations when the issue is clearly made; other-
wise, it would be an endless task. If the con-
testant had the right allowed him to plead at large,
the Committee of Elections would never be able
to get through the examination of objections
made without definiteness or specification. The
act further goes on, and provides how evidence
is to be taken. It provides means for the exam-
ination of witnesses, and provides a certain time
within which witnesses are to be examined, leav-
ing it to the discretion of the House to extend
that time. These are the leading provisions of
the act of 1851; and it seems to me that it would
be a great blunder in this House to depart from
the principles of that act. It seems to me that
though this act is not, in the present case, tech-
nically binding on this House, as it speaks only
of members of the House—not meaning Delegates
in a strict sense—yet it would be unwise in this
House to depart from the rules and principles
and mode of investigation pointed out by it.
So much then on this point. There are other
general features in the case, to which I would
invite the attention of the House, because upon
i them depends, again, the extent of the investiga-
tion . What is the office of Delegate of a Territory ?
The delegateslfip' of a Territory is a legal office.
! It is not an office which has arisen by custom or
by the sanction of this House alone. It is an office'
which has arisen by force of the supreme law of
the United States governing the subject. In Eng-
land the king cannot originate a new office with
fees. This House cannot originate a new general
office,with or without fees. The office of Delegate
from Kansas is a legal office. The particular office •
of territorial Delegate originated with the ordi-
nance of 1787, and the ordinance was carried into
effect in that particular by the act of Congress of
1789. By that ordinance it was provided that
whenever the Northwestern Territory had a pop-
ulation of five thousand white male inhabitants,
it should be entitled to a Delegate in Congress,
and since that time Delegates have been assigned
to the various Territories by act of Congress. In
this particular case the office of Delegate from
Kansas has been created by the Kansas-Nebraska
bill. The office is a creation of that act. It does
not arise by the mere will of this House, but by
the will of all the departments of the Government.
That I take to be beyond all dispute.
Again: the Kansas-Nebraska act, giving origin
to this office, has defined how this officer shall be
chosen. That question has an important bearing
upon this case, because that, I take it, excludes
all pretense of Mr. Reeder to a seat, and all
questions which might be raised in that connec-
tion. The act of Kansas and Nebraska says on
this subject, that a Delegate shall be elected by
the people of the Territory of Kansas. How?
It assigns to the people of the Territory a right to
be .represented in Congress by a Delegate. But
how are they to exercise that right ? The Dele-
gate is to be chosen by the will of the people.
But how is their will to be manifested? Their.
