1856.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
855
The honorable Senator from Delaware [Mr.
I3ayard] speaks of them as insurrectionists and
traitors. I am utterly astonished at such lan-
guage falling from that Senator. I should like
to learn, either from him or any other person,
where the act of Congress is to be found declar-
ing such conduct as they have been guilty of to
amount to insurrection or treason? Why, sir,
the Constitution of the United States defines
treason, and in time of peace it can exist only in
levying war against the United States. Is there
anybody who supposes that the people of Kan-
sas have levied war against the United States ?
Is there any evidence of such a state of things?
Why, then, apply the term "traitor" to that
people; or the word "treason" to their acts?
There is no treason there, nor have they done
anything that would subject them to punishment
as persons guilty of insurrection. You can show
no act of Congress punishing such an offense,
to which they can be held amenable. They have
organized not as is assumed here a State, and
put it into full operation, but provisionally they
have organized—and for what purpose ? For the
purpose of applying to Congress for admission
into the Union. The state of facts as they really
exist is not to be got rid of, nor are the people
of Kansas to be placed in a false position by
calling things by wrong names. It will not make
treason out of a peaceable assembling together
of persons to form a government for themselves,
which they design submitting to Congress for it3
approval, to call it treason. The people of Kan-
sas are not, and do not pretend to be, a State to
all intents and purposes, but they have formed a
constitution preparatory to becoming a State with
your permission.
I wish now to call the attention of Senators,
and particularly of the Senator from South Caro-
lina and the Senator from Delaware, who object so
much to the use of the word " State" in the me-
morial before us, to another thing. Those Sen-
ators, I believe, favored the Kansas-Nebraska
act. One of the provisions of that act extends
the fugitive slave law over the Territory of Kan-
sas. An act of this bogus Legislature which
assembled there, elected, as has been proven, by
citizens of Missouri, recognized that fugitive
slave act, and made it a prerequisite to the right
of suffrage of every person whose right to vote
was questioned, that he should swear to support
it. I wish to ask those gentlemen who object so
much to the use of the word " State" by the me-
morialists, by what authority did you extend the
fugitive slave act over Kansas? Where is the
authority to be found? I suppose you will say
in the Constitution of the United States. Well,
sir, what dues the Constitution say?
" No pfrson Ue!d to service or labor in one State, under
the laws thereof, Pacapimj into another, shall, m conse-
quence of any law or regulation therein, be discharged from
such service or labor, but shall be delivered up on claim of
the party to whom such service or labor may he due."
This constitutional provision extends to States,
and to States only. By what authority did you
extend it to the Territory of Kansas ? There are
some Senators here who say, that Congress has
no right to legislate on the subject of slavery in
the Territories, and who supported the Kansas-
Is ebraska act? I ask of them whence they de-
rived the authority to extend the fugitive slave
set over Kansas ? If they do not find it in this
clause of the Constitution, I apprehend they can-
not find it anywhere—save in the general power
which Congress has to legislate for Territories
upon this and all other subjects, a power which
they deny. This clause of the Constitution does
not provide for the surrender of a fugitive who
escapes from one State into a Territory, but it is :
simply for the surrender of those who escape '
"from one State into another." They were'
willing to call the Territory a State, I suppose, for :
the purpose of getting the fugitive slave act to j
extend over it, and when they voted for the Kan- !
sas-Nebraskn act. If it was agood enough State i
to get the fugitive slave law over it, is it not a i
good enough State to petition? Will you not j
allow the people there to describe themselves as |
members of a State Legislature provisionally—for I
I admit they are not a State in the sense that j
Illinois or Virginia is a State, and I do not know .
that I shall vote to admit them as a State with j
their present constitution. It seems to me, how- j
ever, that, if Kansas Territory can properly be 1
called a State for the purpose of reclaiming fugi-
tives who may escape there, ifc may also be so
denominated tor the purpose of petitioning. I
hope those gentlemen who are so horrified at the
use of the word " State" in this petition, will tell
me by what authority they extended the fugitive
slave law to Kansas ?
Mr. BAYARD. Will the Senator allow me
to answer him?
Mr. TRUMBULL. I shall be very happy to
hear the Senator.
Mr. BAYARD. I do not mean to be drawn
into a collateral question. The position taken by
the honorable Senator from Illinois has nothing
to do with the objection which I made to the
printing of this petition, and which I stated I
should have made to its reception, if I had been
here when it was presented. The authority to
extend the fugitive slave law over the Territories
of the United States entered not into my consid-
eration. I touched no such question. It would
involve, so far as my own opinions are concerned,
the necessity of my goinginto, and attempting to
trace the relation which the territory, the public
lands of the United States before it is formed into
an organized Territory, bears to the Federal Gov-
ernment'. I have never attempted to discuss that
question here; I cannot now, unprepared, under-
take to go into it; and, therefore, I cannotanswer
or reply to the honorable Senator's argument as
to the fugitive slave law, or as to the different
acts of Congress.
The objection which I made to this petition
is a very palpable one. I think the honorable
Senator can hardly maintain his own position.
It is perfectly immaterial to the question before
us, whether Congress constitutionally or not ex-
tended the fugitive slave law over the Territory
of Kansas. That is not the question. If it was
unconstitutional the act was void. If we had no
authority so to extend it there, it was void; but
that does not make the action of a portion of the
people there (whether a majority or not) with-
out color of law, legal or right. It does not con-
stitute them into a political community which
can be denominated a State, and be recognized as
such by the Congress of the United States. It has
nothing to do with that question. We did pass
a law establishing a territorial government; or, if
the honorable Senator pleases, a law organizing
a Territory. Under that law an election was held
in the Territory of Kansas. The honorable Sen-
ator may designate the Territorial Legislature so
elected a " bogus" Legislature. I think that was
his language; but if I apprehend the meaning of
that term, f can hardly recognize it as appropriate
English. He means a Legislature which he des-
ignated afterwards as one having no legal exist-
ence. Where an election is held under the gov-
erning law of the Territory at the time, and fraud
or irregularity is alleged in the election, and those
parties who, under the law, are authorized in the
first instance to determine whether there has been
an election or not, and who are entitled to seats, '
give certificates to the members elected, docs the I
honorable Senator as a lawyer, mean to maintain j
that the Legislature is not validly constituted? |
Does he mean to say that it is void, and that the !
people without any organized action, or any law I
whatever, can turn around and put its mandates ,
at defiance? If so, the honorable Senator goes i
for a most wide-spread scene of revolution |
throughout this country on every occasion where !
an election is contested on the ground of fraud in ;
the States or Territories. Sir. you must admit i
the doctrine—you do it in the House of Ropre- ,
sentatives: you do it here, and you must every- !
where—that the parties returned under the form6! j
of law, even though there may have been frauds !
in the election, arc de facto the existing body. j
Such is the state of the case in the Territory j
of Kansas: and yet the honorable Senator from ;
Illinois tells you here that it is a "bogus"Lcgis- j
lature, that it had no existence, and then most j
inconsequentially follows it out by the doctrine ,
that the people of the Territory, therefore, have 'j
a right to assemble at will, without color of law |
to sanction them, without any species of legisla- i'
tion whatever of Congress or the Territorial Le- '
gislature to authorize it, without any warrant to i
decide who ought and who ought not to vote, to
organize a convention, put themselves in a posi-
tion of a State, and come here and present a peti-
tion as representatives of a State Legislature, and i
that we are bound not to take official notice of all
this!
Why, Mr. President, the Senator's doctrine
would lead to revolution in every contested election
m thecountry, whether for the House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States, or the State Legis-
latures, or other officers. If, when an election
is held, a portion of the people—whether a minor-
ity or majority—mean to contest that election,
they must do it under the existing law, unless
they mean to resort to revolution. I do not s-ay
there are not cases which will not justify revolu-
tion. There may be oppressions and frauds so
great as to justify revolution; but still it is revo-
lution unless you resist this exercise of authority
under color of law, by the means which the law
points out.
Therefore, I say that the assumption to organize
a State government, founded on the fact that there
were frauds or irregularities in the election held
under the legitimate authority of Congress organ-
izing the Territory, is a false assumption. The
Territorial Legislature was the governmentdc/acfa
of the Territory, elected under color of law, and
they were recognized to a sufficient extent to con-
stitute a legitimate legislative body, by the au-
thority which Congress delegated for the purpose
of examining into it. That authority having
been so exercised, they can be unseated in but
one of two modes: either by the action of Con-
gress in remodeling the territorial government, or
by the action of the Legislature in providing for
a subsequent election of other persons, and then
the people must determine for themselves whether
there have been frauds or not, and whether they
will elect the same parties or not. Whether the
act can or cannot be sustained morally, is a dif-
ferent question. It is an act of revolution, and
nothing but revolution. If you pursue that
system in any State of the Union, what will be the
result? Hardly a contested election takes place
where you do not hear the cry raised of frauds.
And frauds, too, often have been committed; men
have been elected by all species of frauds in dif-
ferent parts of this country, at different times;
but you do not resist their election by calling a
public assembly together, and undertaking to
organize a government in opposition to the exist-
ing government of the State or country. That is
revolution; the other is redress under the Con-
stitution.
Now, if the honorable Senator from Illinois
conceives that the people of Kansas were wronged,
and that the Territorial Legislature were not right-
fully elected, he has the undoubted right to in-
troduce a bill providing for a time and place of
election for the Territory of Kansas. If that
bill be passed by both Houses of Congress, and
a majority of the people of Kansas elect repre-
sentatives under it who undo the acts of the former
Legislature, be it so. He has the right to support
such a bill in perfect consistence with the Consti-
tution, if he believes that election irregular; but,
he has no right, unless he means to sustain an
act of revolution and rebellion, to say that, with-
out any color of law, any portion of the people
of Kansas can congregate together, hold a quasi
election by their own authority, and undertake
to impose a constitution so formed on the Con-
gress of the United States.
I desire to say a word more, sir, on the ques-
tion of treason. I used the word, but I think I
qualified it. I suppose the honorable Senator
would not take one portion of a man's remarks,
made in the course of mi ex tempore debate, with-
out taking the whole. I qualified it throughout
my remarks and I supposed it was understood,
that, in my using the word " treason," 1 spoke
of it as incipient treason. I said that the attempt
to carry out the act which was connected with
the organization of this State Legislature by forcc
of arms, would constitute treason, and the par-
ties would then be guilty of treason. I did not
for a moment suppose that those persons were
guilty of treason, m the technical sense of the
term, against the United States, by assemblingm
convention; but if I am right in supposing that
in public meetings they declared that if Congress
would not admit, as a State, the community who
had so organized themselves, th%y meant to assert
their rights independent of the action of Congress,
the intention was treasonable. I said before, and I
say now, that it was incipient treason, though the
parties may have taken care not to bring them-
