850
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 10,
selves within the tenor of the law so as to be liable
to punishment. If they carry out the designs
promulgated by their convention; if they attempt
to sustain themselves without the recognition of
Congress, by force of arms, I say that every man
concerned in the attempt will be guilty of treason
against the United States. That is what I meant
by the use of that language. It is very common
so to use it. Treasonable intention exists. For
the purpose of conviction,the overt act oflevying
Var against the United States has not yet been
committed, though the intention to do so has been
fully and amply avowed. It is in support of men
who have so arrayed themselves with an avowed
intention if we do not submit to their preten-
sions, which are plainly revolutionary; and if we
do not accede to their request to admit them into
the Union, to assert their rights by force of arms,
that the honorable order-loving Senator from Illi-
nois now attempts to sustain their acts in the
Senate of the United States.
He brings into the case, by indirection, the
fugitive slave law; but it has nothing to do with
the question. Whether or not we could consti-
tutionally extend the fugitive slave law over the
Territories of the United States under the pro-
vision of the Federal Constitution in reference to
fugitive slaves, is a totally distinct question. If
we have not the authority that law is void. Yet
the argument is to draw off the mind, by a col-
lateral issue entirely, from the direct question
before Congress. What is that question? In
the face of a Legislature elected in pursuance of
law—I care not now whether there were frauds
at the polls or not—in defiance of the acts of that
Legislature, and without any authority from
Congress, a certain portion of people (it is un-
known whether a majority or minority of the
Territory) have undertaken to redress what they
suppose to be the wrongs inflicted on them, by
organizing themselves into a separate political
community, and they claim to be a State. I say
the man who does that, under any circumstances,
must be prepared to sustain his conduct, not as
a legal act, but as an act of levolution. I admit
fully, at the same time, that if the oppression is
so grGat that he feels justified, before his God and
his country, in hurrying into revolution, he has
a right to do it; but it ought to be a matter of
very grave consideration with the actors them-
selves, on account of the penalty they incur; and
still more with Senators of this body, who incur
no penalty whatever, before they stimulate men
into a position which may ultimately cost them
their lives. I have done, Mr. President.
Mr. TRUMBULL. At the moment when 1
gave way to the Senator from Delaware, I did
not suppose he was going to thrust into my little
speech, which 1 intended merely as a reply to some
remarks thrown out on the other side, a speech
altogether more elaborate than I had designed
making.
Mr. BUTLER. If the Senator from Illinois
will allow me to reply to his question, I will not
take three sentences.
Mr. TRUMBULL. As I have given way so
long, 1 will give away again.
Mr. BUTLER. With regard to the fugitive
slave law, to which the Senator from Illinois
directed attention in his interrogatories to me, I
have this to say: The fugitive slave law has pre-
vailed over eveiy State, and every Territory of
the United States, from the beginning of this
Government. Under the ordinance of 1187 it
prevailed over the .North western Territory. If it
has not been enacted in reference to the common
territory heretofore, it has been principally on the
ground that it was not necessary—that the terri-
tory was common property, and that we had a
right to take our slaves wherever we found them,
regardless of State authority. That is my reply.
Tiie territory being common property, it was per-
fectly superfluous to pass such law.
The authority to reclaim fugitive slaves on
the common territory of the United States mHit
have been exercised without extending the fugi-
tive slave law. It cannot be donp within a sove-
reign State, I admit, for the reason that a sove-
reign State ought to do it itself. It can be done
in a Territory, because in a Territory every man
has a right to go on the common property, take
his own property mere, and carry it otf, if any-
body detains it.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I suppose, then, we have
the broad assertion coming from the mouth of
a distinguished Senator who abhors anarchy,
who abhors violation of law, that a man has a
right to go into a Territory without any act of
Congress or any law, to take his own 
Mr. BUTLER, I say further, he has a right
to go into a State, according to the decision of the
Supreme Court.
Mr. TRUMBULL. To go and take it without
law, and in defiance of law! That proposition
comes from a distinguished Senator who abhors
anarchy, and violence, and disorder, above all
things.
Mr. BUTLER. I hope the gentleman will
allow me to correct his statement of my "remarks.
I know he is a lawyer and has been a judge. I
suppose he has read the case of Prigg vs. Penn-
sylvania.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Yes, sir.
Mr. BUTLER. In the case of Prigg vs. Penn-
sylvania, the Supreme Court absolutely decided
contrary, in my opinion, to what was the true
intendment of the Constitution, (which in this
respect, ought to have been a self-sufficing arti-
cle,) that every man finding a slave running away
from him has a right to go into another State and
capture him. There is no doubt about it under
the Constitution and under the act. Now, the
gentleman says I abhor anarchy. Why, sir, I
stick to the letter of the law. I say I have a right
to go into the State of Illinois and claim my slave;
I do not know that the gentleman would harbor
him, but I have a right to go into his State and
take him where I can find him.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Mr. President, I know
that there was some diversity of opinion in the
Prigg case; but 1 believe the Supreme Court of the
United States has sustained the act of Congress
as constitutional. If the honorable Senator from
South Carolina thinks it unconstitutional, as his
remarks would seem to intimate, I hope he will
have some little compassion for those poor people
in Kansas who are not permitted to vote until
they swear to support it.
The Senator from Delaware did not pretend to
justify the action of Congress in extending the
fugitive slave law to the Territory of Kansas. I
apprehend he cannot without admitting the power
of Congress to legislate on the subject of slavery
in the Territories. He says he will not go into
that argument; it is a side issue; it has nothing
to do with the question. How did I use it, Mr.
President? I used it for the purpose of showing
that the Topeka convention, which formed a
State constitution for Kansas, in using the word
" State,"had probably learned it from Congress;
and that it ill became Senators here who had
voted to extend the fugitive slave law to that
Territory, in an act which they had passed creat-
ing it, which, according to this theory, could
only have been constitutionally done by making
the word " State55 applicable to a Territory, to
condemn the persons in that convention who used
the word 44 State " in presenting their memorial
here.
I admit very freely that Kansas is not a State
for all purposes. The fact that the memorialists
have described themselves as members of a State
Legislature docs not commit us to the recogni-
tion of them as a State when we receive their
memorial. I should be extremely sorry to be
understood as committed to the statements made
in every petition presented here. Theie is not a
member of this body who knows the facts set
forth in one tenth of the petitions winch are laid
on your table and referred to your committees.
They are not examined, as a general thing, ex-
cept by the Senator presenting them, and no per-
son feels himself in the least committed by any-
thing contained in them.
Mr. BAYARD. Will the honorable Senator
allow me to put a question to him?
Air. TRUMBULL. Yes, sir; but not a speech.
Air. BAYARD. I will put the case of a con-
tested election in the State of Illinois. I will sup-
pose it to be alleged by certain portions—whether
a majority or a minority I care not—of the people
of that State, the citizens from neighboring Status
have come over and interfered with an election,
and driven people from the polls, and that a ma-
jority of the Legislature were elected by foreign
interference, and not by the regular vote of the
people of the State; suppose that, under the exist-
ing law of the State of Illinois, the parties author-
ized to canvass the returns, should give certificates
to the persons so elected; suppose that frauds
were committed, and that irregularities took place
to a'great extent; and that, under the color of law,
the persons having the authority to investigate the
returns gave scats to the persons so elected: I
ask, would the Senator hold it to be justifiable, on
the part of those opposed to them, to call an elec-
tion without color of law, at a different time and
place, and elect what they call a legislative body,
and, by means of that legislative body, to send
Senators to the Congress of the United States?
Would the Senator himself, under such circum-
stances, receive, or even present a petition from
persons so situated, as constituting the legislative
authority of the State of Illinois? I take his
answer to be a plain one—that the election having
been under the color of law, unless you exercise
an act of revolution by resisting it on the ground
of fraud, you must submit to it for the time being,
and correct it at your subsequent election.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Mr. President, the Senator
from Delaware propounded to me a question—a
very long one—and then he answered it himself.
I shall, however, endeavor to answer what I sup-
pose to be the purport of his question. I will
state very frankly that I know there is a distinc-
tion between void and voidable acts. The line
of demarkation between an act which is absolutely
void, and which maybe treated and should be
treated by everybody as a nullity, and an act which
is only voidable, and is to be held good until set
aside by a competent tribunal, is not always easy
to be discerned. You cannot always see the exact
point of difference between a void and a voidable
act. But, sir, I have no hesitation in saying that,
whenever there shall comc into the State of Illi-
nois an armed force, driving the judges appointed
by the proper authorities from the polls,, setting
up election judges of their own, choosing men
residing in another State to represent the citizens
of Illinois in the State Legislature—and when-
ever the persons appointed by the proper authori-
ties to receive the votes shall certify, as has been
proven in this case on the floor of the Senate,
that they were driven by violence from the polls,
that the ballot-boxes were taken by force from
their hands—when such a state of facts shall
exist, I tell the gentleman, as one citizen of Illi-
nois, I will resist it, and call upon all around me
to resist it.
Mr. BAYARD. I agree with the honorable
Senator in such a case as that; but the act would
be an act of revolution, not a legal act. I should
justify it by moral considerations. If his facts
be true, the revolution is justified, but it is not
less an act of revolution.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Well, sir, it would be a
revolution—against what ? Against your armed
invaders; but it would be no revolution against
the constituted authorities of Illinois, in the case
which I have supposed; nor in the present case
in Kansas is it revolution against the constituted
authorities of this Government. The Congress
of the United States never clothed the people who
went there as armed invaders with any constitu-
tional rights over the people of Kansas.
I have stated the facts which we believe to have
existed in regard to the so-called Legislature,
which was elected on the 30th of March, 1855.
I say the people of Kansas have a right to treat
that election as a nullity, and doing so is no act
of treason—it is no act of insurrection which sub-
jects these parties to punishment by any law.
As a member of this body I freely say to the
Senator from Delaware, that, if the time shall
come while I hold a seat hen;, that a Legislature
should thus be imposed on my State,and should
send a person here as Senator, I ccrtainly would
not vote to give him his seat; but I would vote to
give the seat to the Senator chosen by the Legis-
lature whose members were elected by the citizens
of Illinois, authorized to vote by her organic act.
Mr. BAYARD. Without any color of law to
fix the time and placc of election ?
Mr. TRUMBULL. The time and place of
election may, and in ordinary cases would, be
material; but they would have no materiality in
a case of that kind. Let me put a clear case.
Suppose the inhabitants of any State in tins Union,
at the time when their general election is to be
held under their law, are driven by violence from
the polls, and arc unable to hold their election on
that day, and the citizens of the State by general
