ISO
THE CONGRESSIONAL,GLOBE.
January 2,
the opinion of other gentlemen, it was not received,
constitutes no just ground of exception by point
of order. If, instead of referring to the message
as one delivered on the 31st of January last, 1
had alluded to it as a message delivered on the
30th of January, that, no doubt, would be a good
reason to vote against the resolution as a mistake
in point of fact; but would it justify the gentle-
man in correcting an error of fact by raising a
point of order as to the correctness of the state-
ment that the message was delivered on the 20th
instead of the 31st of January ?
Mr. STANTON. It is unfortunate that gen-
tlemen cstnnot confer on me the capacity to com-
prehend their point; for I confess that I have not
that capacity. The point of order, in the terms
in which it is made, makes the question that it is
not competent for the House to read the message.
The gentleman's motion is to read. Well, I do
not apprehend any difficulty about the question,
as to whether the message has or has not been
received. It covers the whole ground—the ca-
pacity to receive, the capacity to take from the
table, the capacity to read, or to do any act touch-
ing the message of the President. It does seem
to ma that that ground is fairly covered by the
point as I have made it. I insist on the call for the
previous question.
Mr. HOUSTON. Does the gentleman say
that he cannot make a point of order on the prop-
osition to read the message, that it has not been
received, and therefore cannot be read? _ The
question of the reception of the message is not
before us; there is only a proposition that the
message be taken from thfe table and read.
Mr. STANTON. I so understand; and I make
the point of order that it is not competent to read
it or to take any action on it.
Mr. MILLSON. That is your point of order ?
Mr. STANTON. Certainly.
Mr. HOUSTON. Then .why refer to the re-
ception of the message ? There is no proposition
that we receive it. ft has been already received.
The proposition is to read it, and ^rour point of
order must go to the legality of reading the mes-
sage, and to no other step in our proceedings.
Mr. STANTON. I see no reason why I
should not make the point of order larger than
the question the gentleman intended. The point
of order is not only that it is not competent to
take the message from the table, and read it, but
that it is not competent to receive it.
Mr. HOUSTON. Why do you put that in?
Mr. WINSLO W. Has not the previous ques-
tion been moved? If so, this debate is out ol
order.
The CLERK. The Clerk will read the prop-
osition to the House, and will state to the gen-
tleman from Ohio, that he does not refer to the
reading of the message in liis point of order.
The point of order was again read.
M r. STANTON. I will modify it by striking
out the word "receive," and insert, in lieu t hereof
the word '' read," so as to make it read as follows:
" Mr. Stanton- objected to Hie resolution of the. gentle-
man from VirKiiu.t, J Mi Mii.i.sonJ that it t, not ill oidi'r,
tieemiM' tile llonse lias not organized by the election ol' a
Speaker, and, tlicrelbie, lias no power to read, or take any
cognizaiicc oi' a message from the Pi evident."
Mr. COBB, of Georgia. [ submit a point of
order, and desire to have it decided; and that is,
whether or nota point of ordercan lie made upon
a question not pending before the House ?
The CLERIC. The Clerk thinks the point of
order raised by the gentleman from Ohio [Mr.
Stanton] is m order, inasmuch as he has
amended it, so as to have the power of the
House refer to the reading alone, and not to the
receiving.
Mr. STANTON. I will still further modify
my point of order, and will not assign any reason
whatever for such modification. Let it read as
follows:
" Mr. Staston objected to the resolution of the gentle-
man from Virginia, [Mr. Mir.i.so-n\] that it is not now in order
to receive or take any cognizance of the message of the
President."
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio. I hope my col-
league will also take the other point:
" That it is not in order to read this message, for the rea-
son that it has not been leceivedUy the House, and cannot
be, in its present unorganized state."
I hope my colleague will accept of my sugges-
tion.
Mr. WINSLOW. I rise to a point of order,
and that is, that this debate is all out of order.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I hope the gentleman will
accept my modification, for the purpose here is
to get us, by some sort of a vote, to acknowledge,
tacitly, that this document has been received.
Mr. COBB, of Georgia. I distinctly disavow
any such purposes, because I think the House
has already made that acknowledgment by its
vote on Monday last.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I desire that the last part
of the point of order should take this form:
" That it is not in order, first, because the communica-
tion has not been received; and, secondly, if it has been
received, the reading thereof would be the transaction of
business, for which the House, until after the election of a
Speaker, is not competent."
Mr. STANTON. Allow me to make a sug-
gestion to my colleague. It seems to me that the
more loose the terms you use in such a point, the
better it is. [Laughter.] I desire to state the
point of order in the broadest terms, so that gen-
tlemen may vote upon it for a variety of reasons.
Now my colleague assigns a reason why it is not
in order to do this and that. I would assign no
reason, leaving gentlemen to assign what reasons
t.hey please, and take what ground they choose;
and then the very gentlemen who disagree with
my colleague [Mr. 'Campbell] or with myself, as
to"the reasons why this should not be done, and
yet think it should not be done for other reasons,
can vote with us.
Mr. COBB. I understand the gentleman from
Ohio [Mr. Stanton] to adhere to his point of
order, as he originally stated it.
The CLERK. The Clerk so understands.
Mr. COBB. I move to lay the point of order
upon the table.
Mr. MACE. I move to lay the whole matter
upon the table.
Mr. HOUSTON. Point and all ?
Mr. MACE. That is what I desire to do.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I demand
the yeas and nays upon the motion of the gentle-
man from Indiana, [Mr. Mace.]
Mr. SEWARD. I rise to a point of order. 1
submit to the Chair whether it is in order to
move, at the same time, to lay upon the table the
question of order and the resolution offered by
tlie gentleman from Virginia, [Mr. Millson.1
Tin- CLERK. The Clerk thinks it is in order.
The yeas and nays were then ordered.
Mr. ifeilTlI, of Tennessee. I wish to know
whether, if this motion to lay upon the table pre-
vails, it carries with it the resolution of the gen-
tleman from Virginia?
The CLERK. Such, the Clerk understands,
will be the case.
The call of the roll was then commenced, but
was interrupted by—
Mr. COBB, of Georgia. I desire, if it is not
too late, to submit to the Clerk a point of order.
It is, that the last motion to lay upon the table
cannot be entertained. A motion to lay upon the
table a motion to lay upon the table never has
been entertained; and this House cannot now
entertain it. A point of order is taken, which,
ordinarily, would bo decided by the Chair, and
an appeal taken therefrom to the House; but,
there being no presiding officer, the question of
order is to be decided by tlio House. The de-
cision must be first made upon the point of order,
before a motion can be made to lay the whole
subject upon the table.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Ulinms. The gen-
tleman from Georgia is too late with his point of
order, since the call of the roll had already com-
menced, and a response made, before he made it.
Mr. HUMPHREY MARSHALL. It occurs
to my mind that the last motion to lay upon the
table can be entertained; and when it is enter-
tained it carries the point of order with it, upon
the principle that the major takes the minor with
it.
Mr. CORR. Can a motion be made to lay
upon the table my motion to lay upon the table ?
The CLERK. Does the gentleman insist upon
his last point of order ?
Mr. COBB. I do.
The CLERK. The Clerk thinks the objection
of the gentleman from Georgia comes too late, as
a call of the roll had commenced, and a response
made to such call, before he raised the objection.
If the gentleman insists, however, upon the
objection, the Clerk must refer that also to the
House for its decision.
Mr. COBB. As a response has been made to
the call of the roll, I will not complicate the ques-
tion by adhering to my objection.
The roll was then callcd, and the question was
decided in the affirmative—yeas 118, nays 91; as
follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Albright, Allison, Ball, Banks, Barbour,
Henry Bennett, Benson, Billinghurst, Bingham, Bishop,
Bliss, Bradshaw, Brenton,, Broom, Buffington, Burlingame,
Lewis D. Campbell, Chaffee, Ezra Clark, Clawson, Colfax,
Coinins, Covode, Cragin, Cullen, Cumback, Damrell,
Henry Winter Davis, Timothy Davis, Day, Dean, De
Witt, Dick, Dickson, Dodd, Durfee, Edwards, Emrie,
Evans, Flagler, Henry M. Fuller, Galloway, Giddmgs,
Gilbert, Granger, Grow, Robert B. Hall, Harlan, Harrison,
Haven, Holloway, Thomas R. Horton, Valentine B. Hor-
ton, Howard, Hughston, King, Knnpp, Knight, Knowlton,
Knox, Kunkel, Leiter, Lindley, Mace, Humphrey Mar-
shall, Matteson, McCarty, Meacham, Killian Miller, Moore,
Morgan, Morrill, Mott, Murray, Norton, Parker, Pearce,
Pelton, Perry, Pettit, Pike, Porter, Pnnglc, Purviance,
Ritchie, Robbins, Rohi=on, Sabin. Sage, Sapp, Scott, Sher-
man, Simmons, William It. Smith, Spinner, Stanton,
Stranahan, Tappan, Thorington, Todd, Trafton, Tyson,
Valk, Wade, Wakeman, Walbndge, Waldron, Cadwalader
C. Washbume, Ellihu 13. Washbume, Israel Washburn^
Watson, Welch, Wheeler, Whitney, Wood, Woodruff,
Wondworth, and Zollicoffcr—118.
NAYS—Messrs. Aiken, Allen, Barclay, Barksdale, Bell,
Bocock, Bowie, Bovce, Branch, Brooks, Cadwalader, John
P. Campbell, Carlile,Caruther«,Caskie, Chngman, Howell
Cobb, WilliamsonR. W. Cobb, Cox, Crawford, Davidson,
Denver, Dowdell, Dunn, Edmundson, Elliott, English,
Etheridge, Eustis, Faulknei, Florence, Foster, Thomas J.
D- Fuller, Goode, Greenwood, Augustus Hall, Sampson
W. Harris, Thomas L. Harris, Herbert, Hickman, Hous-
ton, Jewett, George W. Jones, J. Glancy Jones, Keltt,
Kelly, Kidwell, Lake, Letcher, Lumpkin, Alexander K.
Maishall, Samuel S. Marshall, Maxwell, MeMullin, Mc-
Queen, Smith Miller, Millson, Andrew Oliver, Mordecai
Oliver, Orr, Peck, Phelps, PovvelJ, Quitman, Iteade, Ready,
Richardson, Ruifin, Rust, Sandidge,, Savage, Seward,
Shorter, Samuel A. Smith, Sneed, Stephens, Stewart,
Swope, Talbott, Taj lor, Thurston, Tnppe, Underwood,
Vail, Walker, Warner, Watkins, Wells, Williams, Wins-
low, and John V. Wright—91.
So the whole subject was laid upon the table
[Cries of   Call the roll!" " Call the roll!"]
BALLOT FOR SPEAKER.
The House then proceeded to vote the eighty-
sixth time for Speaker, with the followingresult:
Whole number of votes cast, 213; necessary to a
choice, 107; of which—
Nathaniel P. Banks received 101
William A. Richardson, 71
Henry M. Fuller   30
Alexander C. M. Pennington    6
James L. Orr.        1
John Williams  1
William W. Royce    I
Gilchrist Porter        1
Samuel A. Smith    1
So there was no choice.
The following is the vote in detail:
For Mr. Bonks—Messrs. Albright, Allison, Ball, Barbour,
Henry Bennett, Benson, Billinghurst, Bingham, Bishop,
Bliss, Bradshaw, Brenton, Buffington, Burlingame, Lewis
D. Campbell, Chaffee, Ezra Clark, Clawson, Colfax,
Comms, Covode, Cragin, Cumback, Damrell, Day, Dean,
De Witt, Dick, Dickson, Dodd, Durfee, Emrie, Flagler,
Galloway, Giddings, Gilbert, Gianger, Grow, Robert B.
Hall, Hailan, Holloway, Thomas R. Horton, Valentine B.
Horton, Howard, Hughston, King, Knapp, Knight, Knowi-
ton, Knox, Kunkel, Leiter, Mace, Matteson, McCaity,
Meacham, Killian Miller, Morgan, Morrill. Mott, Murray,
Norton, Andrew Oliver, Parkei, Pearce, Pelton, Penning-
ton, Perry, Pettit, Pike, Pringle, Purviance, Ritchie, Rob-
bins, Robison, Sabin, Sage, Sapp, Sherman, Simmons,
Spinner, Stanton, Stranahan, Tappan,Thorington,"*rmirs-
ton, Todd, Tiafton, Tyson, Wade, Wakeman, Walbndge,
Waldron, Cadwalader C. Wash6urne, Ellihu B. Wash-
burne, Israel Washburn, Watson, Welch, Wood, Wood-
ruff, and Woodworth.
For Mr. Richardson—Messrs. Aiken, Allen, Barclay,
Barksdale, Bell, Bocock, Bowie, Boyce, Branch, Brooks,
Cadwalader, Caruthers, Caskie, Chngman, Howell Cobb,
Williamson R. W. Cobb, Crawford, Davidson, Denver,
Dowdell, Edmundson, Elliott, English, Faulkner, Floience,
Thomas J. D. Fuller, Goode, Greenwood, Augustus Hall,
Sampson W. Hairis, Thomas L. Harris, Herbert, Hickman,
Houston, Jewett, George W. Jones, J. Glancy Jones, Keitt,
Kelly, Kidwell, Letcher, Ltffnpkm, Samuel S. Marshall,
Maxwell, McMullm, McQueen, Smith Miller, Millson,
Mordecai Oliver, Orr, Peck, Phelps, Powell, Quitman,
Ruffm, Rust, Sandidge, Savage, Seward, Shorter, Samuel
A. Smith, Stephens, Stewait, Talbott, Taylor,Vail,Warner,
VVatkin«, Wells, Wmslow, and John V. Wright.
For Mr. Fuller—Messrs. Broom, John P. Campbell, Cox,
Cuilen, Henry Winter Davis, Etheridge, Eustis, Foster,
J. Morrison Harris, Kennett, Lake, Lindley, Alexander K.
Mai shall. Humphrey Marshall, Paine, Porter, Puiyear,
Reade, Ready, Ricaud, Rivers, William R. Smith, Sneed,
Swope, Trippe, Underwood, Valk, Walker, Whitney, and
Zollicoffer.
For Mr. Pennington—Messrs. Dunn, Edwards, Harrison,
Haven, Moore, arid Scott.
For Mr. Orr—Mr. Williams.
For Mr. Williams—Mr. Wheeler.
For Mr. Boyce—Mr. Evans.
For Mr. Porter—Mr. Henry M. Fuller.
For Mr. Smith—Mr. Richardson.
