1730
TUB CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 23,
The SPEAKER. The reportof tWCommittee
of Elections, being a.question of privilege, is first
in order before the House.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio. T ask the gentle-
man from Alabama to withdraw his proposition for
a moment, until I can call up from the Speaker's
table the diplomatic and consular appropriation
bill, with the amendments of the Senate and the
report of the Committee of Ways and Means on
the subject. It will not'take ten minutes to dis-
pose of it. I ask the unanimous consent of the
House to take it up.
The title of the diplomatic and consular appro-
priation bill was read for information.
Mr. DtfNN. Is that bill thebusiness regularly
in order?
The SPEAKER. It is not. The gentleman
from Ohio asks the unanimous consent of the
House to take it up.
Mr. DUNN. Then I object to its being taken
up.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I hope the gentleman from
Indiana will withdraw his objection. This bill
has laid upon the Speaker's table waiting for the
action of the House upon the amendments of the
Senate for some two months. It will not take
more than ten minutes to dispose of it.
Mr. HOUSTON. There is but one amend-
ment from the Senate, is there, that there is any
conflict about ?
Mr. CAMPBELL. That is all.
Mr. DUNN. There is also a bill involving
the peace and welfare of this country resting upon
that table. It is more important than all others
before Congress together. Until that is taken
up and acted upon, or you go regularly to the
business on the table so that it may be reached,
I will consent to the taking up of no favored
proposition.
Mr. CAMPBELL. Very well; if the gentle-
man wants to stop the wheels of Government,
let him take the responsibility. That is all I have
to say. I have done my duty.
Mr. DUNN. Very well, again; I am ready
to take the responsibility of my objection to the
fullest extent, and in all its consequences
Mr. FLAGLER. I submit that the report of
the Committee on Printing is the first business in
order.
The SPEAKER. The Chair is of the opinion
that the report of the Committee of Elections,
involving, as it does, the right of a member to his
#eat, is a question of higher privilege than that
presented by the gentleman from New Hamp-
shire, [Mr. Chacin.]
Mr. FLAGLER. The gentleman from New
Hampshire first obtained the fioor, and submitted
ft privileged report.
The SPEAKER. It is true that the gentleman
from New Hampshire obtained the floor before
the gentleman from Alabama; but the proposition
of the gentleman from Alabama involves a ques-
tion of higher privilege, and takes precedence.
The report of the Committee of Elections upon
the New Mexico contested-election case was then
taken up, the pending question being on the
adoption of the following resolutions:
Resolved, Thai Jose M. Gallet os is not entitled to a seat
in tins body as Delegate trow the Territory ol New Mexico.
Resolved, Thai Miguel A. Otcio is entitled to a seat m
this body as suoh Del< g;ite.
Mr. SMITH, of Alabama. At the request of
the sitting Delegate, I ask that the Clerk read his
argument.
There being no objection, the Clerk read the
argument of Mr. Gallegos; which is as follows:
Mr. Speaker: I feel that my position here is
extraordinary and anomalous. But so, like-
wise, is that of tiik people whom 1 represent.
Claiming to be their true representative, and know-
ing their right to be represented here, the sneers
and jests with which certain honorable members
of this body have permitted themselves to treat
the proposition that 1 should be heard by counsel,
(because of my inability to make a formal dis-
course in English, such as would be becoming
the dignity of this House,) have produced no
other effect upon me than that of painful disap-
pointment at these exceptions to generous
spirit which I had been encouraged to civpectfrom
all the representatives of a free and magnanimous
people. With these exceptions, I have great-
fully to acknowledge that, as well during my
former term of service as at the present session,
Th'ave'received from'airqua'rtVrs, "as"I have given ;
to all, the respect, the kindness, the justice, and 1
the moderation which each of us, by personal !
and by representative title, may expect from the
other.
Sir, I claim to be the representative of a people
who have peculiar demands upon your justice
and your magnanimity. They are, in their ori-
gin, alien to your institutions, your laws, your
customs, your glorious history, and even stran-
gers to your language. This, at the date of the
treaty of 1848, was ihe condition of the whole
body of the people of New Mexico. I am a na-
tive to that very soil. I am,and have everbeen,
one of that very people. They have chosen me
as their representative, and I am not ashamed of
whatsoever is common to them and to me. As I
am their true representative under the laws, so I
claim to be their true type in all that has been the
subject of sarcasm and ridicule in the debates
which have followed the report of the Committee
of Elections, and I receive it all as the represent-
ative of my people. It is- flung at them, and at
every one of them, as much as it is at me.
I doubt, however, whether the honorable gen-
tlemen who find so much to condemn in my want
of fluency in English, would not, under like cir-
cumstances, make quite as sorry a figure as my-
self; though it may be that they would not be so
conscious of it, and might not feel so sensitively
as I do (perhaps because they have better taste
and judgment) what it seems to me is due not
less to the dignity of the proceedings of this body
than to my own peisonal self-resnect
The condition of a territorial Delegate on this
floor is an exceptional one. It is not for me to
inquire here into its constitutional foundation.
It is enough that, at the date of the treaty of
Guadalupe Hidalgo, it had already an estab-
lished and certain definition, and a fixed exist-
ence, under a continuous and practical construc-
tion of the Constitution of the United States.
Neither is it for me to moot any question as to
the power to incorporate into the body of this
great Republic a foreign Territory, with all its
inhabitants, thereby making the soil American,
and the people American. These things were
practically settled long ago. This was the power,
and this the efficacy of that power, in the cases
of Louisiana and Florida and Texas, all now
sovereign and coequal Stages under the Constitu-
tion.
By the eleventh article of the treaty it is, inter
alia, provided, as to the inhabitants of New Mex-
ico, as follows:
" With respect to political right8*, their condition shall be
on an equality with that of the inhabitants ot the other
Territories of the United States, and, at least, equally good
as that ol'the inhabitants of Louisiana and the Floudaa,
when these provinces, by tiansfer from the French Repub-
lic, and the Crown of Spain, became Territories of the
United States."
I will not pause to inquire how far the spirit,
as well as the letter of this stipulation has been
respected in the debate to which I have reference.
But I remark that, as m the cases of Louisiana
and Florida, so m the case of New Mexico, the
office and duty of the Delegate is not to partici-
pate in general debates upon this floor, but to be
the true agent of his people, acquainted with their
condition and their wants, and faithful and indus-
trious in making them known.
So far, therefore, as any prejudice has been
attempted to be raised against me here because
of my reluctance to address tliis body in the
English tongue, I trust that the hints which I
have given will suffice to satisfy every reflecting
mind that there is not the semblance of a reason-
able pretext for assigning any weight to such a
consideration. If 1 could read in the article of
the treaty above cited a proviso that the people
of the Territory should be restricted to electa
Delegate from the limited number of inexperi-
enced youths who have been educated out of
their native Territory, so as to be more familiar
with the language and the condition and wants
of others-than of those whom they aspire to
represent, while I should marvel at such an un-
just limitation, I should acquiesce in its peremp-
tory terms. But in the absence of such a stipu-
lation, and with the conviction that the making
of speeches is not the chief or vital function of a
Delegate, I must hope that whatever has been
said upon that head by the friends of my oppo-
nent will have produced no effect.
Orle other topic I wish to'&dvert to briefly, be-
fore reviewing the report of the committee. It is
a matter which has been industrously circulated
among the members of this House, and was made
a formal head of attack upon me in the argument
before the committee. A refer to the allegation
that the influence of the Roman Catholic church
was brought into the contest at the polls to secure
my election. In point of fact, this is the precise
converse of the truth. A clergyman of that
church,! found myself, previous to my first elec-
tion to this body, deprived of my living, in com-
mon with all the other native clergy of New
Mexico, excepting four only, by the new French
bishop, to make way for imported French priests
of his own selection. The attempt to vindicate
our rights only served to secure the whole weight
of ecclesiastical influence against us, one and all.
At the election, now the subject of contest, it is
notorious that this foreign oishop did, in fact,
intermeddle, by himself and his priests, not to
support, but to crush me, and to secure the elec-
tion of my opponent. And I have now the ori-
ginal memorial, signed by upwards of thirty out
of the thirty-nine members of the two Houses of
the Territorial Legislature, addressed to the chief
bishop of the Roman church, praying the removal
of one who has shown himself capable of so pros-
tituting his office.
Mr. Speaker, these topics are not willingly
introduced by me, nor do I believe that they will
be acceptable to this House; but they are forced
upon me, and I am compelled thus to notice them.
I leave them now to such reflections as what has
been said may'suggest to the mindsof honorable
members.
I come now briefly to discuss the.merits of this
contest upon the record before the House.
1 take, as the basis of my argument, the con-
clusion of the report of the committee. It may
be safely assumed by the House, that this adverse
report states the case against me as strongly as
the candid and honorable minds of those who
concurred in it could view the subject.
They conclude the report as follows, (p. 15:)
" It appears that Gallegos's majority, upon which his cer-
tificate was awarded, was  99 votes.
Your committee find, of Mexicans votes ca<u for
Gallegos which they think ought to be rejected, 131 "
This gives Otero a majority of.   32
Of the votes counted for Otero at the Mesilla precinct
there were 7*2.
Of the votes counted for Gallegos at the Mesilla precinct
there were  330
Dcduct  72
Leaves    258
32
This vote being rejected, leaves Otero'3 majority.. 290
(l Upon this state of facts your committer recommend the
adoption oi the following resolutions:
"Resolved, That Jos6 M. Gallegos is not entitled to aseat
in tins body as Delegate from the Territory ofNew Mexico.
" Resolved, 7'hat Miguel A. Otero is entitled to a seat in
this body as such Delegate."
I beg the attention of the House to my first
proposition; which is, that admitting(for the sake
of the argument merely) that these two points,
upon which the whole report rests, are well
founded, viz: that one hundred and thirty-one
Mexicans voted for me, and that the poll at Me-
silla ought to be totally rejected, (both of which
I shall hereafter show to be unfounded,) never-
theless, it is clearly proven that a greater number
of votes, upon the whole evidence before the
House, remain to be counted for me; whereby,
notwithstanding the deductions above referred to,
I have still the majority of iegal votes.
To this end I proceed to show, first, that fifty
votes were counted for the contestant at the pre-
cinct of Santa Barbara, contrary to law.
Turn, sir, to the printed testimony, at page
218, and read as follows:
" Precinct of Santa Barbara.-1-We, the undersigned,
juries and clerks of the election held on the 3d day of Sep-*
temher, 1855, m the precinct of Santa liaibara, county of
Dona Ana, certify that, having counted the votes given for
the respective candidates at said election, the re&ultis as
follows:
" Miguel Otero received fifty votes for the office of con-
gressman.
" PEDRO AGUIURE, Clerk."
Turn now, sir, to the report of your committee,
at pages six and seven, where they arc impeach-
ing the return of the precinct of Mesilla, (an im-
