1856.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
837
consent elect on a subsequent day a represent-
ative, I would recognize the election as valid, if
satisfied that he was the representative of the
people. The circumstances of the case would
justify it.
A state of facts may exist, and often doesexist,
when you must overlook those formalities which
are essential, whenever the condition of the coun-
try is such that they can not be observed. Suppose
that on the day appointed to elect members of
the Legislature for the State of Delaware, the
inhabitants of a town should be driven from it
by pestilence; suppose a hurricane should sweep
over, and destroy it, or an earthquake sink the
court-house, where the election was appointed
to be held, and the inhabitants, unable to meet at
the placc appointed, should, on asubsequentday,
and at a place twenty miles distant, meet and
make their election, is the Senator from Dela-
ware prepared to say that their election would be
void, and that they "could not be represented? I
should have no hesitation in admitting a member
elected under such circumstances, nor I appre-
hend would he.
Mr. BAYARD. I will not say that there are
not cases of necessity in which you must pass
over the technicalities of law.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Then the Senator admits
my position.
rnr. BAYARD. I do not.
Mr. TRUMBULL. You would call that rev-
olution?
Mr. BAYARD. No.
_ Mr. TRUMBULL. Would you call it rebel-
lion? It is neither rebellion nor revolution. It
seems now that I have -put a case in which the
Senator admits he would pass over the technical-
ities of the law for the time being, and the men
who did not conform to the law would be neither
traitors nor insurrectionists, but very good citi-
zens.
Mr. President, my object in rising was not to
go into a general discussion in reference to this
question, but to meet the assumptions upon which
the debate had been conducted by some Senators.
Now, I wish to say a word or two in reference
to another branch of the question, and that is, the
feature of popular sovereignty, or self-govern-
ment, or non-intervention, which was supposed
by some to be embraced in the Kansas-Nebraska
act. It has been said by Senators here, that those
who opposed the Kansas-Nebraska act opposed
the great principle of self-government or jDopular
sovereignty—the principle for which our fathers
fought—the principle lying at the foundation of
the Declaration of Independence. The right of
the people to govern themselves has been pro-
claimed to be the great principle of the Kansas-
Nebraskabill. I do notattributcthcseexprcssions
to the Senator from Delaware. I was happy to
hear him say to-day that he disavowed the idea
of popular sovereignty or self-government in a
Territory, except that which was conferred on
the people by the act of Congress. Still the as-
sumptions 1 ha ve mentioned have been made in
the Senate. What do they mean? Why is the
Kansas-Nebraska act held up before the people i
of the country as conferring on the inhabitants
of a Territory the right to govern themselves?
Why is it said that the principle of self-govern-
ment is embodied in that act ? If you do notmoan
it, why repeat it? If you only mean that the peo- j
pie of the Territory may do what you permit them i
to do, say so. That is not self-government. It [
is government derived from you. But if those i
who contend that the Kansas-Nebraska act con- |
fers on the people of the Territories the right of !
self-government, mean what they say, why do j
they condemn as traitors the people of a Tern- I
torv when they take the incipient steps to set j
up a government of their own, which they ask |
you to recognize? . j
Sir, what have the people of Kansas done ? .
Have they done anything more in forming their '
State constitution, and asking for admission into
the Union, than they have been told, over and
over again, that they might do? I stand here
as the advocate of the legitimate rights of that
people, but not as the defender of insurrection or
treason. I am not to be diiven into any such
position as that, but the people of Kansas have
some rights. They had rights under the Kansas-
Nebraska bill which they ought to have been,
but were not, protected in, as I conceivc. Not
being protected in those rights, they have taken
upon themselves—irregularly, if you please—to
form a State constitution, and ask for admission
into the Union. I hold that this does not make
them traitors, nor are they guilty of insurrec-
tion for anything they have done. The circum-
stances of the case, if not sufficient to justify their
acts, were at least sufficient to excuse them. It
comes with a bad grace indeed from those who
have instilled into the minds of the people who
have gone to Kansas the idea that they would
have the right to govern themselves when they
got there, now to turn round and denounce the
settlers as traitors for attempting to assert the
very right which they themselves told them they
possessed.
Mr. BAYARD. Mr. President, I do not mean
to continue this debate any further than to cor-
rect a single remark of the Senator from Illinois.
He chooses to assume a state of facts which, if
true, I have no doubt would justify revolution;
but that does not touch my argument at all. If
there was such a foieign invasion as that of
which he speaks, and if ail the acts committed in
Kansas were perpetrated in the manner m which
he relates them, that fact might justify revolu-
tionary resistance, if there was no superior
power to which the people of Kansas could apply
to correct the evil. There is, however, such a
power, and that power is the Congress of the
United States. They can come here to ask us for
redress, but they must come as citizens of Kan-
sas. Let them not undertake to take the law into
their own hands. There is a conflict among the
people of the Territory; undoubtedly they are
divided in opinion. I do not say which is the
majority; but when they take the law into their
own hands, and form a constitution for them-
selves, and threaten at their public meetings to,
carry out that constitution, with or without an
act of Congress, I call it an act of revolution, and
the honorable Senator from Illinois sustains it.
Now, sir, I am not going into an examination
of what are the acts which have taken place in
Kansas and who is responsible for them. I think
the honorable Senator's colleague [Mr. Douglas]
answered, to my satisfaction at least, all the argu-
ments presented by the honorable Senator from
Illinois, [Mr. Trumbull,] in regard to the state
of things m Kansas. I can only say that, so far
as I have investigated the question—and I have
paid some attention to it, but I do not mean to ,
discuss it now—I think the people of the New ]
England State of Massachusetts are far more j
responsible for the revolutionary state of senti-1
rnent, *md the difficulties which exist in Kansas, '
than any portion of the people of this country. :
Whatever evil, or loss, or suffering, or injury
may result, either to Kansas or to the United
States at large, is attributable, as its primary
causc, to the action of the emigrant aid society
of Massachusetts. But for their action I believe
that Kansas would have long since settled into
the quiet condition of an organized, tranquil Ter- j
ritory; and whatever evils or irregularities might!
have taken place in the course of her first election '
would be collected, as evils and irregularities i
have been corrected in other States and Tcrri- !
tories of this Union, and as violent political dis-
putes have been settled, by the good sense of 1
the people ultimately operating at the polls at. 1
subsequent elections. I think it is the extraneous
force, the outside organization which has been
exerted for the purpose of settling the particular
institutions to be adopted by the people of this
Territory, that was the primary cause of all the ,
evils and difficulties which existed there.
I do not mean to enter into aey defense of many
things that may have been done in this Territory ,
by the people of the adjoining State of Missouri,
but certainly no acts have been committed by that
State, or by any organized corporation existing !
under the laws of Missouri. Individual action
may have taken place, and I dare say has taken |
place, inconsistent with the regularity of law, but,
to nothing like the extent pictured by the honor-
able Senator from Illinois. Into these questions,
however, I do not intend to enter now. I wish ■
to bring back the Senate to the particular question
before us. Even if the people of Kansas had
cause of complaint at the election under the law ;
organizing that Territory, instead of resorting to
the holding of meetings, without color of law, !
without any check upon illegal voting, without
any means of ascertaining whether the persons
who voted were or were not residents, they are
committing an act of revolution. They ought
to have come to the Congress of the United States,
if there were evils or wrongs to be redressed, and
asked for a remodeling of the law. They ought
to have come as citizens of Kansas, and not un-
dertaken to come as representatives of the State
of Kansas. Coming in that shape I am not will-
ing to hear them. If they came as citizens I
should be willing to hear them, and, to the utmost
extent of my judgment, do them justice if they
had been wronged.
Mr. PUGrH. Mr. President, I desire, before
voting on this question, to state briefly the rea-
sons which induce me to favor the resolution
offered by the Senatorfrom Virginia. I have given
this paper a very careful investigation, and, so far
as it presents any internal evidence, I do not think
it comes within the rule describing a petition or
a memorial at all. The distinguished Senator from
Michigan has given us all his information upon
the subject; and, unless some other Senator can
give me further information, I am bound to say
that I cannot treat ii as a petition, or memorial,
in any sense. The signatures and body of the
paper are all written in one hand, with interline-
ations and with erasures, as if some person who
had it m charge had watched the progress of dis-
cussion in this body, and had stricken out propo-
sitions to accommodate it to the present state of
the discussion which has been going on here.
It may be, sir, that this is an original paper,
as represented; but I am quite free to say that I
cannot so regard it. It may be the copy of some
paper. If so, I only ask for the original. I think
it is little enough respect to show to the Senate
that we should have the original, and not a copy,
presented.
; I do not intend to go any further on this ques-
5 tion. When the original paper shall be presented
j —if there be an original coming from these men;
j whether they style themselves merely citizensof
! the United States, or whether they give them-
1 selves a title to which I think they have no just
i claim—I shall consider what it is my duty to do
1 towards the petition; but at present I consider
the whole thing a spurious paper, and that it
ought not to be received.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Weller
in the chair.) The question is on the adoption
of the resolution offered by the Senator from Vir-
ginia.
Mr. SUMNER. On that resolution I call for
the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. ALLEN. Let the resolution be read.
The Secretary again read the resolution.
Mr. TOUCEY. Mr. President, it is very ob-
vious, on inspection, that this is not an applica-
tion by the Legislature of a State. It does not
purport to be an application from any legislative
body. It is not presented here as the act of a
legislative body. On the contrary, it purports to
be a petition by certain persons, who describe
themselves as senators and representatives in the
Legislature of the State of Kansas. Upon inspec-
tion, it is evident that it is not the petition of
those whose names purport to be attached to it.
They are nil in the same hand writing. The most
charitable construction that can beputupon it is,
that it may be a copy, correct or incorrect, of
some other paper, and that that copy is passed
off on the Congress of the United States as an
original document.
"Whether there is such original paper or not is
immaterial; it is no less a spuriouspaper, because
it does not purport to be a copy. If I give my
note of hand for §1,000, and any other person
should copy that note of hand, and pass it off as
a genuine and true one, and take the money on it,
he would be guilty of a penitentiary offense. In
this case, if this be acopy, as is supposed, and is
passed upon us as an original paper, it is a fraud
and an imposition; it is spurious; and it cannot
with propriety be entertained by a legislative
body.
I say this much with regard to the petition
itself; but if you look at it you perceive that it
has also been altered since it was drawn. Whole
passages—or at least one passage that I east my
eye upon—have been entirely stricken out for
some purpose or other. If there were no other ob-
jection to it, I could not vote to receive a petition
