1856.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
121
34th Cong.... 1st Sess.
Kansas Contested Election—Mr. Boyce.
Ho. or Reps.
ifications of its members. It ia the common law
of all our legislative bodies, and inheres in them
as naturally as it does in a woman to say who
shall be her husband. The authorities upon this
sutyect are numerous. I annex a few:
" It is obvious that a power mast be lodged somewhere
to judge of the elections, returns, and qualifications of the
members of each House composing the Legislature; for
otherwise there would be no certainty as to who were legit-
imately chosen members: indeed, elections would become
under such circumstances a mere mockery; and legislation
the exercise of sovereignty by any self-constituted body.
The oidv possible question on such a subject is as to the
body in^vhich such a power shall be lodged. If lodged in
any other than the legislative body itself, its independence,
its purity, and even its existence and action, may be de-
stroyed, or put into imminent danger. No other body but
itself can have the same motives to preserve and perpetuate
these attributes; no other body can be so perpetually watch-
ful to guard its own rights and privileges from infringement,
to purify and vindicate its otvn character, and to preserve
the rights and sustain the free choice of its constituents.
Accordingly, the power has always been lodged in the legis-
lative body by the uniform practice of England and .America."
—Story.
" The whole of the law and custom of Parliament has
its original from this one maxim, 'that whatever matter
arises concerning either House of Parliament ought to be
examined, discussed, and adjudged in that House to which
it relates, and not elsewhere.' Hence, for instance, the
Lords will not suffer the Commons to interfere in settling
the election of a Peer of Scotland; the Commons will not
allow the Lords to judge of the election of a burgess; nor
will either House permit the subordinate courts of law to
examine the merits of either case. But the maxims upon
which they proceed, together with the method of proceed-
ing, rest entirely in the breast of Parliament itself, and are
not defined and ascertained by any particularstated laws."—
S Blaekstont, see. 163. *
" The two Houses must decide according to the estab-
lished law of Parliament."—Ibid.
"Each House is made the sole judge of the election,
returns, and qualification of its members. The same power
is vested ia the British House of Commons, and in the
Legislatures of the several.States; and there is no other
body known to the Constitution to which such a power
might be safely intrusted. And as each House acts in these
cases in a judicial character, its decisions, like the decisions
of any other eotirtofjustice,ou®ht to be regulated by known ■
principles of law, and strictly adhered to for the sake of
uniformity and certainty."—Kent.
Suchbeingthe common law of legislative bodies
under our system,we must suppose that Congress j
acted under this knowledge ,and intended to confer, |
and did confer, this power on the Territorial Le- j
fislature of Kansas. I assume this to be a fact, and
submit that the legality of the elections of the
Territorial Legislature has been authoritatively
passed upon by the appropriate and exclusive
tribunal, and that it is not competent for us now
to go into this question. ,
But it seems to me, of all objections, this is the
last Governor Reeder should have raised. Did '
he not give certificates to two thirds of this very ,
Territorial Legislature? It strikes me I have
heard so. Why, sir, is it not the most extraor- .
dinary spectacle that we have ever been called
upon to behold? Is there a spectacle in the history
of party politics in the mother country, or in our j
own country, equal to it? "Was not Governor
Reeder the Governor of Kansas? Was he not
bound by his oath—an oath registered in heaven
—to exercise and perform his duty justly ? And
did he not, in the execution and performance
of that duty, give certificates to two thirds of the
members of the Kansas Legislature? Does it,
then,lie in his mouth now.to undo all that r Why,
Bir, he must have estimated the intelligence of
members of this House very low indeed, if he
thinks we can take the excuse from him, that he j
did notknow then the illegality of this election,and 1
that he only acquired the knowledge afterwards.
Why and how was it that he did not know it ? j
Was he not on the ground? Had he not cogni-
zance of everything ? Where was he that he did j
not know of the invasion of the Missouri army,
of which we hear so much now ? And if he did
know these things which he now testifies to, he
was a traitor to his country, to his mission, to
history, in giving these men their certificates,
knowing that they were not entitled to their seats.
He should rather have dared every extremity,
have retired under the guns of Fort Leavenworth,
or perished by the swords of assassins, than thus
to have ignored his high trust. In charity, I
must presume these things did not exist, but that
Governor Reeder has since lent too facile an ear
to the tales of inflamed partisans.
I submit that Governor Reeder is estopped from
raising this question.
But it is said that Governor Reeder should not
be estopped because he presents himself in a rep-
resentative capacity, speaking for certain of the
people of Kansas. But I submit that, whatever
force there might be in this idea, abstractly, it
has no application to Governor Reeder's case, be-
cause those who senthim did not act under the law,
j but in violation of the law; and by such irregular
1 action cannot impute any representative character
, to him.
i As to the second objection, it is said that the
law is void, because the Territorial Legislature
removed their sessions from Pawnee City to
Shawnee Mission. At the outset it is evident
that this is only a technical objection, and is not
the mode in which I think we should consider the
question. We should not look at a great question
of government, affecting, as this consequentially
does, the entire political and social fabric of a
: «ew and rising community, in the same way that
a lawyer would a demurrer to a special plea in
abatement. We should look at it in the light of
high statesmanship. I say this, not because I
deprecate investigation, for I do not. I think the
subject will bear the closest and most technical
scrutiny.
_ What is the objection to the removal of the ses-
sion of the Legislature from Pawnee City to
Shawnee Mission? If gentlemen will examine,
they will find the law bearing on the case in five
or six paragraphs, which I annex :
" Sec. SB. The persons thus elected to the Legislative
Assembly shall meet at such place as the Governor shall
appoint."
" Sec. 24. The legislative power of the Territory shall
extend to all rightful subjects of legislation, consistent with
the Constitution and the provisions of this act."
" Sec. 31. Theseat of government is hereby located tem-
porarily at Port Leavenworth."—Nebraska and Kansas Act.
" Sec. 6. In the event that the Secretary of War shall
deem it inconsistent with the interests of the military ser-
vice tgt^furnish a sufficient portion of the military build-
ings at Fort Leavenworth for the use of the territorial
government of Kansas, the sum of twenty-five thousand
dollars shall be, and in that contingency is hereby, appro-
priated for the erection of public buildings for the use of the
Legislature of the Territory of Kansas, to be expended under
the directions of the Governor of said Territory."—of
1854, p. 582. '
" Appropriation of $25,000 for the continuance and erec-
tion of public buildings for use of the Legislature of Kansas,
to be expended under the direction of the Governor: Pro-
vided, that said money, and the money heretofore appropri-
ated, shall not be expended until the Legislature of said
Territory shall have fixed by law the permanent seat of
Government."—Act of 1855, p. 635.
It is admitted that the Legislature had a right to
establish a permanent seat of government; that it
had a right to make a temporary seat of govern-
ment unless such action was inconsistent with the
Kansas-Nebraska act. Inconsistency is inferred;
and it is contended that Fort Leavenworth was
the only place where the Legislature could meet
other than where the Governor might assemble
them until a permanent seat of government was
established. But this, it strikes me, is a great mis-
conception. Why? Gentlemen overlook this
important fact, that there was a government in
Kansas for a year before the Legislature met—a
government intended by the act. The Governor
was the Executive and the Legislature. He was the
government until the Territorial Legislature was
called together. He had a great mission confided
to him. To him, as to some modern Pygmalion,
was given the high trust to bid"a beautiful, social
fabric rise out of chaos. He had a noble mission
given to him—a mission which has made the
names of Solon and Lycurgus immortal. It was
a mission which, if well performed, gave the actor
a place in the pantheon of history; but if falsi-
fied, subjected him to the reprobation of impartial
history.
The Governor, then, was the government of
Kansas. He was as effectually the State as Louis
XIV., when he uttered those imperial words, " 1
am the State." There was devolved on him the
duty of causing a census of the inhabitants and
qualified voters, appointing the times, places, and
manner of holding the first elections, declaring
the number of the members of the Legislature,
to certifying as to who might appear to be elected,
and appointing the time and place of the first meet-
ing of the Legislature. He had the doing of
everything necessary to launch this young ship of
State on its great historical voyage. Well, sir,
it was obligatory on him to locate his seat of gov-
ernment at Fort Leavenworth—for how long?
Forever ? No; but temporarily. What does tem-!
porarily mean ? A short time. It was the duty of
the Governor of Kansas in the beginning to locate
the seat of government temporarily, " for a short
time,"at Fort Leavenworth. He did so; and the
seat of government was there for some two months.
Not finding proper accommodations there it was
removed by him to the Shawnee Mission. Now,
if, when the Territorial Legislature was assem-
bled, and while they were passing a law for the
removal of the seat of government from Pawnee
City to Shawnee Mission, it was objected that
they had no right to pass such law—that it would
be inconsistent with the provision of the' Kansas-
Nebraska act, making Fort Leavenworth a tem-'
porary seat of government, would it not have
been a satisfactory answer, if it were shown that
the seat of government had been temporarily at
Fort Leavenworth, that the act had been obeyed
in that particular—that it had had its full efficacy ?
It seems to me this view puts an end to all diffi-
culty.
The Kansas act designated Fort Leavenworth
as the seat of government for a " short time;"
that is, temporarily. The Governor did conform
to the act in this particular. Fort Leavenworth
was the seat of government for a short time, and
thus the act having been obeyed, and had its
active energy, was discharged, spent, complied
with, exhausted, by the time the Legislature
assembled, and they, therefore, in removing to
Shawnee, did not trench on its provisions. I
therefore put this part of the case upon the ground
that the seat of government was at Fort Leaven-
worth for a " short time." There is nothing in
that pretense, it strikes me, in a logical point of
view.
But to advance: It will be found that there is an
important modification made by Congress in ref-
erence to the seat of government being tempora-
rily at Fort Leavenworth. That place was first
designated. Congress afterwards appropriated
money to provide accommodations for the Legis-
! lature there, in case the military buildings could
not, in the opinion of the Secretary of War, be
spared for the use of the Territorial Legislature.
I Congress subsequently, at the next session, passed
! an act appropriating $25,000 additional to be ex-
pended in providing public buildings at the seat
of government; but with a proviso, that no money
should be expended except at the permanent seat
; of government. What, then, was the condition of
things? The Legislature could not go to Fort
Leavenworth, because the Secretary of War said
there were no buildings there to spare, and Con-
gress had subsequently passed an act forbidding
the appropriation to be expended except at a per-
, manent seat of government. Was not this a vir-
tual abrogation of the clause establishing the seat
of government "temporarily" at Fort Leaven-
worth ?
Well, sir, when you go one step further you see
that this very act gave the Governor power to call
the Legislature together at " swh place" as he
should think proper. Does not that fact justify
the construction whiclj I put upon the act, that
the seat of government was to be a short time
at Fort Leavenworth, and that after that time it
should be at such place as the Governor thought
fit to call it together, and as the Legislature might
then determine ? It seems to me that that clause
gives great force to my construction.
Again, in the same act, the Governor of Ne-
braska is authorized to call the Legislature for its
" first session" atsuch place as he thinks proper.
For its "first session!" An important difference.
Why this difference between the two provisions,
unless it was, that in the case of Kansas they in-
tended to leave to the Legislature some latitude
of action in case the Secretary of War should
decide that there were no suitable buildings for
their accommodation at Fort Leavenworth ?
It is said that, in order to render legislation
legal, the Legislature should remain at the seat
of government. I repudiate that idea; I deny that
the legislative authority is inoperative unless it is
exercised where the seat of government is estab-
lished. It is absurd in the nature of things, and
it is contrary to all our practice and all our his-
tory. Even in England, where forms are so
rigidly adhered to, Parliament, which regularly
meets in London, has in some instances removed
its sittings to other parts of England in cases of
