1856,
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Pending the call—
Mr. NICHOLS gave notice that he had paired
off with Mr. Craige.
Mr. ETHERIDGE. I propose to submit a
motion which is always in order. If, however,
after I have made the motion, it. be seriously ob-
jected to, I will of course withdraw it. I might
perhaps submit a .double motion. One might be,
that the Clerk proceed to register the names of
the members as voting on another ballot as they
have voted on the last, unless some gentleman
enters an objection to that: and the other might
be a motion to adjourn. 1 will remark, however,
before submitting a motion to adjourn, that if
any gentleman indicate a disposition to change
his position, I will readily withdraw my motion.
My object is to accommodate all the members
present. If, however, no gentleman feels a dis-
position to change his vote to effect a result—and I
presume no one does feel such a disposition, else
he would avow it—I hope my motion will be
agreed to. If any gentlemen do feel a disposition
to change their votes, or to attempt to effect a result,
and will indicate that disposition to me, I will
cheerfully withdraw the motion which I now sub-
mit, which is, that, it being now half past three
o'clock, the House do adjourn.
Mr. MATTESON. I call for the yeas and
nays, and for tellers on the yeas and nays.
Tellers were ordered;and Messrs. Galloway,
and Fuller of Maine, were appointed.
The House was divided, and the tellers reported
—ayes 9; noes not counted.
So the yeas and nays were not ordered.
The question was taken, and the motion was
agreed to; and thereupon, (at twenty-iivo minutes
to four o'clock,) the House adjourned till to-
morrow at twelve o'clock, m.
IN SENATE.
Thursday, January 3,1856.
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. Henry C. Dean.
The Journal of Monday was read and approved.
Hon. S. R. Mallory appeared in his seat this
morning.
MAIL FAILURES.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore laid before the
Senate a communication from the President of the
United States, in reply to a resolution adopted
December 17th, transmitting a memorial of citi-
zens of New Orleans, complaining of the irregu-
larity of the mail service between Washington,
and New Orleans, and also a note of the President
to the memorialists, and a letter of the Postmaster
General on the subject. On motion by Mr.
Slidell, the communication was referred to the
Committee on the Post Office and Post Roads.
Mr. SLIDELL subsequently rose and said:
At the instance of the Senate, the President sent
to us to-day a memorial, numerously signed by
certain citizens of New Orleans, on the subject
of the irregularities of the mail service. 1 neg-
lected at the time to ask that the message of the
President, together with the letter of the Post-
master General and the memorial itself, be printed.
I perceive that the signatures to the memorial arc
too numerous to allowme to ask that it be printed;
and I therefore confine my motion to the priming
of the other documents, to which I presume/here
will be no objection. w/
The motion was agreed to.
REPORT ON FINANCES—PUBLIC PRINTING.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore also laid before
the Senate the annual report of the Secretary of
the Treasury on the state of the finances.
Mr. YVELiLER. I mftve to dispense with the
reading of the report, and that it be laid on the
table and printed.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. MASON. I wish to suggest, as I observe
that a special order was made the other day, in
regard to the printing of the President's message,
that perhaps it would be as well that this order
to print should conform to that special order.
Mr. CASS. And let the document be referred
to the Committee on Finance.
Mr. YULEE. I propose the printing of the
usual extra number, which I believe has been
ten thousand.
Mi. ADAMS. I wish to ascertain whether or
not this document is embraced in the order made
the other day. Is not this one of the documents
referred to as accompanying the President's mes-
sage ?
Mr. YULEE. This is not embraced in the
previous order. I move that ten thousand extra
copies be printed for the use of the Senate, and
five hundred additional for the use of the Depart-
ment. I understand that number will be sufficient
to meet their necessities.
Mr. HAMLIN. "When the motion was made
the other day to print the Presidents message,
I did not deem it expedient to interpose any ob-
jection; but I think there are questions involved
which the Senate should examine before they
order the printing of this or any other document.
If I am right in my recollection of the law, it
provides, in terms, that the printing of Congress
shall be done by persons who are elected for that
purpose; and it points out the method in which
that printing shall reach the public printer. My
recollection is, that the law provides that the print-
ing of Congress shall be done by public printers
elected either concurrently or separately, and that
all printing ordered by either House of Congress
shall be sent to the printer through the Superin-
tendent of Public Printing; and the law specifies
certain acts which he is to do at that time. Now,
if I am right in my recollection of the law, this
is a vote of the Senate to abrogate that law, to
step over directly its clear and plain requirements.
The law provides, besides, that every question
in relation to printing extra numbers shall be
referred to the Committee on Printing, who are to
investigate the subject, and then, through the
Superintendent of Public Printing, the work is
to be committed to the public printer. With this
view of the subject I do not see how, without
violating the law, we can undertake, by a simple
vote of the Senate, to engage any individual to
print this or any other document.
There is another point which I would present
to the consideration of the Senate. No paper
for the purpose of printing can be obtained ex-
cept in a certain method. That paper must be
obtained by the printer on requisition of the Su-
perintendent of Public Printing. We have now
no Superintendent of Public Printing, and there-
fore have no appropriate mode in which to get
the necessary paper. We cannot obtain it, for
there is no method of getting it but that pointed
out by law. I have obtained the law to which I
referred, and 1 find that it provides as follows:
" There shall be elected a public printer for each House
of Congress, to do the public printing for the Congress for
wlm;h hp or they may he chosen, and such printing lor the
Executive Departments and bureaus of tlio Government of
the United States as may he delivered to hun or them to
be printed, by the. Supenntendont of Public Printing' The
following lates of compensation shall he paid liom tune to
time for such printing as may be ordered by Congress."
As I understand that provision, we have, by
law, agreed with the House as to the mode and
manner in which the printing shall be done; and,
in my judgment, the simple question before us is,
can the Senate, by a separate vote, abrogate the
provisions of that law? I think they cannot;
and for that reason I think that the motion of
the Senator from Florida had better be laid on
the table. 1 submit that proposition, unless some
Senator shall desire to address the Senate, in
which case I withdraw it.
Mr. MASON. Mr. President, an order has
already been made to print a document, the print-
ing of which, in my judgment, would not bear
delay—the President's message, with the reports
accompanying it. It is exceedingly important
that the information contained in those reports
should be in the possession of the Senate. Now,
the report of the Secretary of the Treasury is one
of very great and pervading interest to the coun-
try, and it is equally important that the Senate
should be in possession of that. Although it is
very true that it may be a proceeding of some
irregularity to make a special order by resolution
for the printing of a document, when the subject
is under the regulation of a general law, yet we
must conform to some extent to the necessities
of our position. It is improper that the public
business should be delayed or disparaged by the
inability of the Senate, because of the existing
state of things, to comply strictly with the pro-
vision of that general law. As the Senator from
Michigan [Mr. Cass] suggests to me, we could
not have a bill printed; we should be utterly dis-
abled from proceeding in any stage to transact
the public business, if there be really-validity in
the objection made—and properly made—byfthe
Senator from Maine, of-the existence-of agen->
eral law on the subject. There is no abrogation
of the law; the law remains in full force; but the
Senate, as an independent body—and it is inde-
Eendent, and peculiarly independent just now—-
as the right to obtain information necessary for
our action. If the objection which is taken be,
valid, the Senate would be disabled from dispatch-
ing public business, because of its inability to
comply with the general rule. I should prefer,
to have the vote taken at once on the motion
which is presented, so that we may go on, as far
as we can, to discharge our duties.
Mr. BRODHEAD. It seems to mc, Mr. Pres-,
ident, that there is no difficulty in our ordering
printing to be executed in the manner in which,
on Monday last, we directed the printing of the
President's message. We ordered fifteen thou-
sand copies to be printed by the late printer of
the Senate, at the prices paid to him under the
existing law at the last session. But the difficulty
suggested by the Senator from Maine is, that
we have no Superintendent of Public Printing.
Whose fault is that? He says wc have no joint
committee in regard to public printing. Wliose
fault is that ? Certainly, we are not to be left
without public documents because the House of
Representatives is not organized, or because we
have no public printer. If his objection be good
at all, it applies to the Joint Committee on Public
Printing; for, in the twelfth section of the law
authorizing the appointment of a Superintendent
of Public Printing, I find a provision " that a
committee, consisting of three members of the
Senate and three members of the House of Rep-
resentatives, shall be appointed." If we adopt
the view of the honorable Senator from Maine,
we can have no public printing, cxccpt in the way
pursued the other day, until we have a Joint
Committee on Public Printing. That, I take it,
is not the case. I hope the motion of the Sen-
ator from Florida will be agreed to, and that the
report will be printed upon the same terms which
were adopted in regard to the President's mca-
Sa?V PRESIDENT. Will the Senator from
Virginia state his motion again?
Mr. MASON. My motion was, that the num-
ber of copies suggested by the Senator from Flor-
ida [Mr. YuleeJ should be printed in conformity
with the special order that was entered in refer-
ence to the President's message. This resolution
can be made to correspond with that.
Mr. STUART. I beg the indulgence of -the
Senate for a moment, while I state briefly my
views on this subject, and the course which I
shall take upon it. I cannot agree with the Sen-
ator from Maine, that the action now proposed
abrogates the law, but I agree with him most
fully that it is an evasion of the law. That
evasion I am willing to carry just so far as the
necessities of the Senate demand, and no further.
The consequence I think will be, that so much
printing as the Senate orders in this mode for its
own use must be paid for out of its contingent
fund, and cannot be charged to the Treasury, un-
less Congress, by a'subsequent law, shall author-
ize it to be done. The document that is now laid
before the Senate may be of such importance as
to make its early printing and distribution very
necessary. The inclination of my mind, I con-
fess, is that it is not so, and that a few days' de-
lay would work no difficulty either here or in the
country; but such seems to be tlio impression of
Senators, and thus far I am willing to yield. So
I am willing to provide for the currcnt printing
of the Senate, that may be necessary to be dono
from day to day, but I can go no further; for it is
so plain an evasion of the existing law of Con-
gress in respect to the printing, that nothing but
an imperative necessity to enable us to go on with
the business of the Senate ought, for one instant,
to induce us to evade it in this way.
Thus much I have thought it necessary to say
in order that my action at this time, and upon
such future questions of a similar character as
may arise, may not be misapprehended; for,, if
Congress does not organize—if a public printer
shall not be elected by the Senate for itself, if a
Superintendent of Public Printing shall not be
confirmed, there is nobody to blame for that ex-
cept one or both branches of Congress.
