1732
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 23,
were voters at all; and, secondly, it is mere con-
jecture, if they voted at all, that they voted for
me. But I will detain the House by a few obser-
vations upon this point.
The eighth article of the treaty of Guadalupe
Hidalgo expressly declares, that all Mexicans
" who shall remain in the said territory after the
expiration of one year from the date, &c., with-
out having declared their intention to retain the
character of Mexicans, shall be considered to
have elected to become citizens of the United
States."
That article, in substance, stipulates for an
opportunity to be afforded by the Government of
the United States to the Mexican inhabitants of
the ceded territory to make their election whether
to remain under the paternal protection of the
United States, with the rights of citizenship, or to
return to their Mexican allegiance. This honor-
able House is perfectly well aware that it is firmly
settled by decisions of the Supreme Court of the
United States—never questioned by the political
departments, and approved by the general sense
of the profession—that stipulations of this char-
acter absolutely require an act of Congress to carry
them into effect. The language of the treaty in
this respect must be interpreted with reference to
the common law, or the statute law, in which the
same terms are used, the subject-matter being one
of purely municipal regulation. This also is
firmly settled by the Supreme Court, even with
regard to the language of the Constitution itself.
A " declaration of intention," as to citizenship,
has, under our law, an established technical
meaning. It is not pretended upon this record
that any such " declaration" was made by any-
body, or authorized to be received by anybody.
Certainly a mere private " declaration,"made by
a man to his wife, or to his friend, or to ins
enemy, or to any number of friends or enemies,
or placarded upon a lamp-post, or at the court-
house or tavern, or published ill the newspapers,
was not such a declaration as was intended by
the treaty. It was not intended that this treaty
stipulation—so important as to questions of inter-
national claims and obligations—so vital to the case
of treason—of such ramified practical consequences
—should be left to the voluntary interference of
any officer of the Army, high or low; or any
executive officer, civil or military, high or low;
or any territorial authority, or any State gov-
ernment. It was a national subject—part and
parcel of a treaty, which is the " supreme law of
the land;'' and there was no power or authority to
carry it into effect, except in Congress alone, to
whom it belongs, exclusively, to pass the neces-
sary laws to execute the stipulations of a treaty.
Any other doctrine would, 111 tending to the deci-
sion of this case, comparatively unimportant,
commit all who shall officially concur in it, to a
principle which must transfer from Congress to
the Executive the duty and the power, by a mere
imperial rescript, to proclaim and enforce every
municipal law and regulation which may be
necessary to give effect to international compacts.
No school of statesmen or politicians will indorse
such a doctrine. Nay, more: it wall go the length
of putting this tremendous power in the hands of
any subaltern who may be in command of the
military in any similar case, without any direc-
tion or authority, ad hoc, from the President of
tile United States; thus erecting a sort of preto-
rian power, odious to every friend of popular
rights.
Hut it is not even proven in this record that the
military commander of New Mexico did in fact
assume upon himself any such unwarranted power
as is attributed to him m the argument for the con-
testant. If that commander were on his trial be-
fore a court-martial for such usurpation, it will
not be pretended that this record contains any
proof to establish the fact of his interference colore
officii. Shall it, then, suffice to disfranchise a
number of citizens, and to annul an election by
the people? The whole testimony, as to the pre-
tended "declaration of intention," amounts to no
more than mere hearsay as to a plainly illegal and
unauthorized act of a military officer. The proc-
lamation inserted in the report is no part of the
evidence m the case, and the case is to be decided
upon the evidence.
But, waiving this point, and conceding that the
proclamation may be taken as proven, will not
every man see at once that the supposed proof of
one hundred and thirty-one votes of this charac-
ter given to me, leaves the question between me
and my opponent upon this point without any
satisfactory solution? No proof whatever was
taken by me upon this point, because, by the de-
cision of the supreme court of the Territory, over-
ruling a previous decision, it had been held that
even those who actually signed that declaration,
unauthorized as it was, were not thereby disfran-
chised; and from that time, as is perfectly well
known to my opponent, (and I challenge him -to deny
the fact,) such persons sat on juries, held offices,
judicial and legislative, and were universally ad-
mitted to have been, by the mere act of cession,
transferred to the United States in allegiance, and
might be tried and executed for treason if they
violated that allegiance by a sufficient overt act.
Mr. STEPHENS. I have been requested by
the sitting Delegate to present, right at this point,
a letter from the Secretary of the Territory of
New Mexico. It has been received since that
paper was filed.
Mr. CARLILE. I ask the gentleman from
Georgia whether this letter was ever before the
Committee of Elections ?
Mr. STEPHENS. Not that I am aware of.
Mr. CARLILE. Then I hope the House will
understand that this is ex parte testimony.
Mr. STEPHENS. Of course it is. I stated
that the letter had only recently been received.
Mr. LETCHER. It strikes me that the gen-
tleman has the right to have it read as a part of
his argument, even it has not been before the
committee.
The SPEAKER. It is not a part of the paper
presented to the House, and the Chair thinks the
gentleman from Virginia has the right to object
to its being read. The Chair will submit the
question to the House.
Mr. LETCHER. The sitting Delegate has
the right to enlarge his testimony.
Mr. CARLILE. I did not object to the read-
ing of the paper. I only called the attention of
the House to the fact that it was an ex parte
statement.
The letter'was read, as follows:
Washington, June 8, 1856.
My dear Sir : At the request of your attorney, Mr. Car-
lile, it affords me pleasure to communicate some informa-
tion touching your contested-election case. I am informed
that the mam reason of the committee of the House re-
porting ill favor of Mr. Otero, was because of the rejection
of votes cast for you by men allcged-to have been citizens
of the Republic of Mexico, winch decision was based upon
the decision of the supieme court of Now Mexico, in the
case of (Auintana. At this time this decision is not consid-
ered law m our Territory, and m effect has been over-
itlied.
At the spring terms of our courts in 1854, 1 was dis-
charging the duties of Attorney General, when it became
my duty to conduct the criminal business of the Territory.
At that time there were near forty indictments pendni"
bell no the United States distiictcomt,founded whollyupon
tins alleged election of a portion of our people to retain the
rights of Mexican citizens. Many, whoso names were
found in the books, voted at tile election the previous Sep-
tember, and were not indicted for illegal voting and per-
jury. In the prosecution of the first case called, I offered
the book in evidence, in proof of their having been Mexi-
can citizens at the time nf voting ; which oiler was, upon
objection, ovenuled, and the hooks declared not legal evi-
dence. This decision of ChiefJustiee Deavenport has been
acquiesced in to this time—no appeal having been taken;
and the class of persons to whom it applied have since been
considered citizens ot the United States. Mr. Pino, whose
name was found among the alleged signers to letain the
rights of Mexican citizens, was subsequently elected a
member ot the House of ltepiesentatives, and is now hold-
ing the lesponsible office of probate judge of Santa Fe
county. Mr. Quintana now is, and has been for years,
j'ustice of the peace ; and his judicial acts ate duly acqui-
e,.oed in by those who Uerctofoie alleged that he was not a
citizen of the United States. The foimer decision of the
supreme court has fallen a dead letter; and the opinion of
Clnel Ju-tice Deavenport is considered the law of the land.
.Men ivilose names ma found in these hooks aie yearly
elected and commissioned to office, and no ohieetion is
made to them.
r understand that Mr. Otem declares that he did not
know that ill the count of the votes of Bernalillo county
one handled votes were tlnown out, there havm" been an
overcount for him of that number. In tins he >s mistaken.
He and myselt counted the returns m my office, when I ex-
plained to lnm the error, and he said he was satisfied tile
piobate judge was wiong, and appeared content with tile
result a^ I made it If you desire fuither infoimation,
please address me at Davisville, Pennsylvania
Y ours truly, \y. w. H. DAVIS,
Secretary of the Territory of New Mexico.
Hon. Jose Manuel Gallcgos,
Delegate Jiom Neu> Mexico.
State of Pennsylvania, county of Bucks, ss :
Personally appealed before me, a justice of the peace in
;'ie county ot liucks, and State of Pennsjlvama,
v\ . vv. II. Davis, who. being duly sworn according to law
deposes and says that the within is a true copy of an ori-
ginal letter addressed by him to the lion. Jos^ Manuel Oalle-
gos, and that the facts therein set forth are true to the be&t
of his knowledge and belief. W. W. II. DAVIS,
Sworn and subscribed before me this 4th dav of ji.tlv, A.
D. 1858. JAMES M. BOILEAK, J .1'.
The Clerk then resumed and concluded the
reading of the argument, as follows:
But my opponent thought the question open,
and took his proof, and he only pretends to have
proven one hundred and thirty-one such voters
forme. For whom, then, did alltherest vote? One
of his own witnesses says that eleven hundred
persons, in a single county, signed such declara-
tion. For whom did they vote ?
I conclude this point by submitting to the
House—
1. That the alleged declaration was a nullity.
2. That, if it be not, yet, it is not proven that
these persons voted.
3. That, if they voted, it is not proven that they
voted for me.
4. That the fair presumption is that many
more such persons voted for the contestant.
This disposes of the one hundred and thirty-
one votes deducted by the committee.
It remains for me to say a few words about the
supposed nullity of the election at Mesilla.
I shall not repeat what I have argued as to the
allegation that the judges were not sworn. I
proceed to the other objections.
1. " That the secrecy of the ballot was violated by the
act of the judge in crying out the votes, in the presence of
the voters, as they handed in their tickets."
This judge, whose arbitrary act it was to cry
out the ballots, was Mr. Trujillo, the partisan of
the contestant. (See testimony, page 56.) It
was another of his tricks to defeat me. The elec-
tion was an election by ballot, as the law required.
The voters prepared and deposited their ballots folded
up. They were " opened," and " cried out" by
him of his own motion. (See the evidence, page
56.)
Are the people to be deprived of their suffrage
by the act of the judge, over which they had no
control, unless they had seized him by the throat
and gagged him in his chair ? Let this principle
be once sanctioned by the House, and it will be
easy enough hereafter to manage an election, if
there be only a sufficicntu'uiit of principle to carry
the theory into practice.
The case of Easton and Scott, cited by the com
mittee, is no authority for any such principle.
There the election was held viva voce. The people
voted viva voce. Here the election was held by bal-
lot; the people voted by ballot; and ichen they had
so voted, one of the minority took it upon himself
to proclaim openly what they had done secretly.
2. " That a bystander icas allowed, to take the
tickets as handed inbtj the voters," fyc.
The answer to this is furnished by the com-
mittee themselves, at page eleven, where they
quote the cvidcnce of the same Trujillo, who
alone proves the fact, and who says this by-
stander only wrote on "some tickets" the name of
the voter, and his number, " to expedite the election."
It is not pretended that any fraud was committed,
which would have been difficult, while Senor
Trujillo himself was "crying out" the tickets,
and looking to the interests of the contestant.
3. " That the poll-books, as furnished by the
judge of probate, according to law, were re-
jected by the judges, and others, on loose sheets
of paper, substituted and used."
For this objection, also, the committee them-
selves furnish the answer, (report, pp. 10, 11;
printed testimony, p. 55.)
Deposition of Bartolo Madrid.
"Answer. I was one oftllecleiks of said election. The
poll-books sent by the probate judge, and brought by the
sheuli. were not used in the election, because all of the col-
umns v,ere occupied by the names of the candidates written in
them. This rras noticed by myself and othprs in the offlcc of
Reyes JGscontreas; and, as we did not then know for ti<hom
the -people wished to vote, and as the columns were all filled
with names of candidates already, we did not use them, but
they were sent back by Trujillo, as presiding judge of the elec-
tion. On the day of the election, Trujillo presenlcdtwo other
poll-books, with half of the columns occupied inththe names
of the party of Trujillo ; the other half of the columns veie
left blank, jor the names of the candidates of the other
party.-'
Here is the contestant's own witness proving
and explaining the fact; and here is his own par-
tisan, Trujillo, the author of the fSct. The reason
which he gives for the fact is a better one than
can be alleged for Mr. Trujillo's other acta in
