IB
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[March 6,
34th Cong....1st Sess.
Kansas Contested Election—Mr. Bingham.
Ho. of Reps.
emergency. The Congress of the Confederation,
upon two memorable occasions, left the city of
Philadelphia, and continued its legislative func-
tions at another point. Under the present Consti-
tution, Congress met for years in Philadelphia.
Instances in our State Legislatures are numfcrous.
The Virginia Legislature, when the English army
were present in great force, removed to Char-
lottesville. The Georgia Legislature weremigra-
tory in the Revolution; and, as the gentleman from
Georgia [Mr. Stephens] said, a few days since,
they went into North Carolina.
The principle contended for would vest the
legislative power of the Government in the mere
place. It is not so. It resides in the men com-
posing the Legislature, f say there is nothing
in the point. The law which governs this mat-
ter is tne law of common sense, and that is, that
it is the duty of the Legislature to meet at the
seat of government, and not to leave it except for
good cause. The matter of public convenience
controls the subject. Now, sir, if you wilj take
the trouble to look at the history of Kansas, you
will find that the Territorial Legislature acted
with the utmost discretion. The authority which
I have in my possession shows that the place
where they met was utterly unsuitable for that
purpose. It had no press, no mail, even food
and houses deficient, and the cholerawas in their
midst. Why, then, should they stay there ?
Why should they confine their sittings to Pawnee
City ? Was there any particular merit in Paw-
nee ? I understand some gentlemen to say that
Governor Reeder held lands there. I have no
objection to Governor Reeder making as much
money as he could; but is that a reason why the
Legislature should confine its sessions there ?
Well, sir, where did they go to? To the very
place where Governor Reeder himself had gone
after leaving Fort Leavenworth, the only suit-
able—almost the only possible—place, it is said,
in the Territory. It seems to me, then, that there
is nothing in the idea that the Territorial Legisla-
ture of Kansas was invalid because of the want
of authority in the Legislature to change the
place of meeting.
But, sir, we are not left alone to mere argu-
ment upon this subject. We have authority
upon this point. The act of Congress gives to
the President of the United States, in case of in-
surrection, power to determine which is the gov-
ernment. The President, in pursuance of that
authority, has determined which is the govern-
ment of Kansas; and, in so doing, necessarily
recognized the validity of the laws of the Territo-
rial Legislature.
The decision of the President on this subject
is conclusive, and ought to be to preserve peace.
If one branch of the government disregard the
decision of another branch, and urges one portion
of the people to rebel, and put at defiance the
government recognized by that branch of the
government to which, under the general law of the
United States, has been deputed that authority,
can we have peace? The Executive of Kansas,
the courts of Kansas, the judges, and the Attorney
General, all recognize the validity of the legisla-
tive authority. The Senate of the United States,
one of the most august legislative tribunals in the
world, has recognized the validity of this Terri-
the Territory of Kansas ? Why repeal them unless
they were valid laws ? The gentleman from In-
diana, [Mr. Dunn,] with that quickness of per-
ception which characterizes him, at once saw the
point.
Mr. GROW, (interrupting.) Will the gentle-
man from South Carolina allow me ?
Mr. BOYCE. By-and-by. We have, I say,
all these combinations of authority. Now, who,
with this array of authorities, and array of reason,
would deny the validity of that legislation ?
So much for this branch of the case. Now,
in regard to the claim of Governor Reeder. I
listened with great attention, Mr. Speaker, to
the report of the majority of the Committee
of Elections, and I was very glad that I did not
hear anything in it which seemed to look as if
the majority were disposed to sustain Governor „
Reeder's claim to a seat here. I was glad of it,
because I thought it indicated a sense of justice on
the part of the majority of the committee which
I would be sorry to see them want. It shows
that, although party zeal may inflame men's
minds, yet there is a point at which all but the
worst men will pause. If this were not such a
serious matter, it would be absolutely amusing
to think of the idea of Governor Reeder claiming i
a seat on this floor under the terms by which he i
claims it. But it is, perhaps, too serious a matter !
to laugh at. It was said by some one of anti- j
quity, that he wondered how two of the augurs
who prophesied in the Roman temples, could meet
each other without laughing in each others' faces.
And so, if there be members on this floor who
urge that Governor Reeder is entitled to a seat—
I say if there be such, I do not know how they
( can meet and restrain their laughter.
I It is not necessary to go beyond the very me-
; I morial which Reeder presented, to show that he
| has no claim to a seat here. On what ground
' does he object to the right of Whitfield on this
floor? On two grounds—the invalidity of the
law, and the illegality of voters. Put in a log-
ical form, the argument is this: No man, says I
Reeder, can have a right as Delegate from Kan-
sas unless he be elected under a valid electoral law:
Whitfield was elected under no such valid elect-
oral law; therefore, he has no right to a seat.
I But, sir, there is a stern logic in truth which no
! man can overcome—which appeals to the hearts j j
( of all honest men; and which cannot be denied,
; refuted, or trodden down. A])ply that formula
H to Governor Reeder's case. Take his own logic:
"No man has a right to a seat as a Delegate from
. Kansas unless he was elected under a valid elec-
tion law: Governor Reeder was not elected under
KANSAS CONTESTED ELECTION.
SPEECH OF HON. J. A. BINGHAM,
OF OHIO,
In the House of Representatives,
March 6, 1856,
On the Resolution reported from the Committee of Elec-
tions in the Contested-Election case from the Territory
of Kansas.
Mr. BINGHAM said: Mr. Speaker, I agree with
the gentleman from South Carolina, [Mr. Boyce,]
that in the investigation of this question we should
have regard to the law of the land; that we sli ould
ask nothing, and that we should take nothing in
violation of the law. I am impressed with the
propriety of that remark; and, sir, it is because
I would have the law vindicated—it is because I
would go as far as he that goes furthest in the
support and maintenance of the supremacy of the
law, that I ask the House to confer upon the
committee the power to send for persons and
papers. The committee, in making this request
of the House, only ask that they may be per-
mitted to show the truth in regard to the great
questions arising out of the Kansas elections,
which agitate the public mind. The truth can
wrong no man. The interests of the nation, the
supremacy of the laws, which have been violated
in the elections in Kansas, demand that the truth
should be known in this case; and it is for that
reason that I ask to have this power conferred
upon the committee.
I do not understand the gentleman from South
Carolina as questioning the power of the House
to give authority to the committee to compel the
attendance of witnesses before it for the purpose
of investigating these questions. It is a power
that has never been questioned, and one that has
been exercised before. It is not claimed on the
part of the minority of the committee, as 1 under-
stand it, that the power is not within the discre-
tion of the House. The only question, then, is,
whether a case has been made out which, in the
judgment of the House, would authorize this
investigation, and whether that is the best mode
of conducting that investigation? That is ail there
is of it. That is the length and breadth of the
entire question.
Mr. Speaker, the fact is apparent, that one or
the other of the Delegates here claiming a seat
as the representative of the people of Kansas is
here in violation of the organic law of the Ter-
ritory. That fact, I take it, is apparent and self-
evident. The most credulous man in this Hall
cannot believe that a free and intelligent people,
any law; therefore, Governor Reeder has no right ! knowing their own rights, and daring to maintain
to a seat on this floor." It would seem, sir, that and vindicate them, would so far forget them-
no member could advocate Governor Reeder's . selves, and so far forget the laws under which
right to a seat on this floor. So far as it may be j alone theyare secure in the protection oftheirper-
supposed to be necessary to investigate Mr. Whit- sons and property, as to violate them so grossly
field's right to a seat, and to take the proper course ' and flagrantijr as to hold two elections for con-
to obtain testimony, I shall have no objection.
But, sir, as to Governor Reeder's right, it is
wasting time to talk about it. Therefore, so far
as it may be designed to examine witnesses on
this point, it would be a waste of time.
I recollect in English history, when Lord Clive
had subjugated some unfortunate prince in India,
torial Legislature indirectly by the confirmation | ^'?Sf PaIa?e> fuI1 of barbaric gold, he occupied,
of the appointment of Governor Shannon, who
had sustained that legislation. Not only that, but
it is deducible from the decision of the Supreme
Court of the United States that it would be found
ready to recognize it. Why? Because, in the
celebrated case of Luther vs. Borden—the Rhode
Island case—the Supreme Court of the United
States said it was for the President, under the
act of Congress, to determine which was the valid
power in the .State. The same principle applies
to a Territory; and therefore I say that, in this
case, the Supreme Court would necessarily ac-
quiesce in the decision of the President as one of
the great coordinate branches of the Government
on whom this great power was devolved.
Not only that; but we have the authority if i
understand the matter correctly—of the Commit-
tee on Territories, at the head of which the gen-
tleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. Grow] stands,
on this point. Did he not, the other day, intro-
auceaaact in. this House to repeal certain laws of
that, from his alarmed and supplicatingprisonerhe
only took for his private use a million of dollars.
Afterward, when he returned to England, and
when an investigation into his conduct was called
for, some member of the committee brought up
this charge against him. Clive, only remembering
how much more he could have taken if he had
wished, could not contain himself, but springing
to his feet, exclaimed, with all earnestness and
sincerity, "My God, Mr. Chairman! when I
think of what I could have taken, I am only
astonished at my own moderation."
But, sir, I very much apprehend, that when the
excitement of the occasion passes off, and reflec-
tion and calm thought takes its place, that Gov-
ernor Reeder will not have the same consolation
Lord Clive had. Unlike him, when he looks
if i t i •t'me and circumstances under
which he claimed a seat here, he will not be able
to say that he was astonished at his own moder-
ation.
gressional Delegates in the same year and in the
same month, when by the laws of the Territory
they should hold but one. The most simple and
the most credulous will pot believe that the peo-
ple of the Territory of Kansas, knowing that, by
the organic law of the Territory, they have the
| right to elect but a single Delegate'to Congress,
have, in violation of the express letter of that law,
undertaken to elect two Delegates in the same year,
and to the same Congress. No man will dispute
the fact, that two distinct elections for a congres-
sional Delegate were held during the last year
I within that Territory, nor will any one be bold
enough to dispute the further fact, that at each
of those elections a vote eqml in number to the en-
tire legal vote of that Territory was cast. The sit-
ting Delegate comes here claiming a vote of some
twenty-nine hundred. He who is called the con-
testant, but who is not a contestant at all—the
other claimant of a seat—comes here sustained by
some twenty-eight or twenty-nine hundred votes.
It is a notorious fact, that a greater legal vote than
that did not exist within the Territory of Kansas
on either of the days on which these elections were
held, to wit: the 1st and the 9th of last October
And is any man to be told that the people of that
Territory assembled on the first day of last Octo-
ber, and cast all the votes within their control for
the sitting Delegate, and then went through the
farca only eight days afterwards of meeting again
