138-
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 3,
Mr. ADAMS. Mr. President, if I understand
the law, as read by the Senator from Maine, it
contemplates that the Senate should elect a public
printer; and if it be a violation of the law to order
the printmg'of the communication proposed to be
printed, we are each day violating the law by
not electing n public printer. I understand the
aose of the law to be, that when there is a
ic printer you shall not overslaugh him by
assigning the public printing to another, or by
ordering it to be done in any other way than in
the mode pointed out by law. But when.it hap-
pens, as it does at the present time, that we have
no public printer, and there are communications
necessary to be printed, does the omission to
elect a public printer deprive the Senate of the
right to have its necessary communications
printed? I think not. I think that, in the absence'
of a public printer, the Senate have a*.iple power
over the subject, to order whomsoever they think
proper to do their public printing, to any extent
they think proper. I think, however, the Sen-
ator from Michigan is clearly right in saying that
it must be paid for out of the contingent fund, or
a law must be passed subsequently authorizing
it to be paid for out of the Treasury.
Mr. TOUCEY. Mr. President, this is a prop-
osition to print extra copies, if I understand it.
The law on that point is very clcar and unequiv-
ocal. It requires, in so many words, that a
proposition of that kind shall be referred to the
Committee on Printing. I read from the act on
the subject:
" All motions to print extra eopie'j of any bill, report, or
other public ducunient, shrill be referred to the members of
the Committee on Printing from the House in which the
game may be made."
The Senate cannot make an order for the print-
ing of extra copies, without a reference to the
Committee on Printing of the Senate, butin direct
violation of this law; and it then becomes a ques-
tion whether the Senate, by its own act, can either
evade that law or can violate it. That is to say,
can the Senate do an act which will be valid,
when at the same time it is in direct violation of
public law? My attention hns not been drawn
to this subject until recently; but I think it is
incompetent for the Senate to make an order to
print extra copies without a reference of the mo-
tion to print such extra copies to the Committee
on Printing of this body. If we have not ap-
pointed a Committee on Printing, what then?
We can appoint one, and it is our duty to appoint
one; but, as the law now stands, the Senate can-
not order extra copies to be punted without sub-
mitting that motion or proposition to a Commit-
tee on Printing, to be appointed in pursuance of
thin law.
Inquiry is made "how it was the other day?"
There was a proposition by the honorable Sen-
ator from Delaware [Mr. Clayton] to print the
annual message of- the President; but the atten-
tion of the Senate was not drawn to this pro-
vision of the law. It did no occur to me then,
that there was such a provision. The proposed
order then passed without objection; but when
the subject now comes up, and the attention of
the Senate is called to the fact, that an order to
print extra copies is in direct violation of existing
law, I think the objection ought to prevail. I
will add that I see no difficulty m the mutter. The
Seriate can very easily appoint a Committee 011
Printing, and can comply with the law, and then,
if there be no other difficulty, the motion can be
referred to that committee, or we can take the
course that has been taken heretofore, and order
the subject to be referred to the Committee on
Printing when the committee shall be appointed.
Mr. YULEE. 1 suppose, Mr. President, that
a delay of a day or two cannot he material.
1 am exceedingly solicitous that all the subjects
connected with the finances of the country sliould
go before the people as fast as practicable during
the session. The expenditures of the Govern-
ment are becoming very large, and I wish to bring
the intelligence of the people to bear on that sub-
ject. Perhaps it is unavoidable, but at all events
it is not unlikely that during this session there
will be some efforts on the part of Congress to
modify the existing revenue laws. Although I
desirous that the printing of this document,
which is alargeone, should be entered 011 as early
as possible, I shall have no objection, if Senators
deem it desirable, thatit should be referred (if that
be the propermode) to the Committee on Printing,
to be acted upon by them when organized. I Sup-
pose that committee ought to be constituted within
a day or two. That committee, however, may
be Una'ble to act until there has been an organi-
zation' of the House, and there is 110 tellinghow
long we may be delayed if we wait for them. 1
feel disposed to be governed by the disposition of
the Senate, and, instead of pressing for a vote on
my motion now, I will, if the Senate prefer,move
that it lie on the table for tRe present, and in the
course of a day or two we can judge whether it
bo advisable to make the order or not.
Mr. HALE. If it is in order, I wish to move
to amend the resolution by striking out all after
the word " Resolved," and inserting a proposi-
tion foiithe reconsideration of the vote, ordering
extra numbers of the President's message and
accompanying documents to be printed, which
passed on Monday. If that bo in order, I have a
word or two to say upon it.
The PRESIDENT. Such a motion is in order.
Mr. HALE. I will occupy the attention of
the Senate for a few moments on my proposition.
I make the motion now, because it was not my
fortune to be in the Senate Chamber when the
message of the President was received, irregu-
larly, as I think—irregularly, because the Senate,
if I understand their proceedings, had only noti-
fied the President that they were ready to receive
such communications of an executive nature as
he might be pleased to make. I think that was
the vote we passed. As the Senate had repeat-
edly indicated by its action, when gentlemen pro-
posed to introduce subjects pertaining to the
legislation of the country, that they were un-
willing to entertain them, (even refusing to allow
the introduction of a bill of which previous
notice had been given,) and as the President
had been simply notified that we were ready to
receive from him messages of another character,
thereby excluding the conclusion that we were
ready to receive messages relating to legislation,
and as we had refused to receive legislative busi-
ness from our own members, I think it was a
breach of the privileges of the Senate, in that
state of facts, for the President to send us a mes-
sage, particularly after he had acquiesced—I be-
lieve acquiescence is the popular doctrine of the
day—for four weeks in that state of the case,
and had submitted to the propriety of the con-
struction which the Senate had put upon its or-
ganization, and refrained to send any message
pertaining to legislation here. I think, then, to
spring upon the Senate with this document, after
waiting four weeks, was a broach of the privi-
leges of the Senate, and can only be excused by
an illusion Jthat the President must have got into
his head from an unfortunate remark which fell
some days since from the Senator from Delaware,
[Mr. Clayton,] that the country was waiting
with great anxiety to see it. [Laughter.]
Mr. YULEE. I ask the Senator to yield for a
moment. 1 think the motion which the Senator
now makes is in the nature of a motion to recon-
sider some former action of the Senate; and I
submit to the Chairthat itis notproperly in order
as an amendment to a proposition to print a spe-
cific paper, which is not part of the subject-matter
about which the Senator is talking.
The PRESIDENT. The question is on the
motion of the Senator from Virginia. The prop-
osition offered by the Senator from New Hamp-
shire is not now in order. After the subject now
before the Senate shall liavo been disposed of, it
will be proper to entertain the motion to recon-
sider the vote ordering the printing of the Presi-
dent's message.
Mr. HALE. I understood the Chair, in an-
swer to a question which I put, to say that it was
in order.
The PRESIDENT. It will be in order.
Mr. HALE. I understood, before 1 commenced,
that it was in order.
The PRESIDENT. The" Chair understood the
Senator to ask whether a motion to reconsider the
vote referred to would be in order. As two legis-
lative days have not intervened since the adoption
of that proposition, the motion to reconsider will
bo in order, but not until the pending question is
disposed of.
Mr.HALE. Very well, sir. I can wait as we'll
as the country did. [Laughter.]
Mr. ADAMS. The motion of the Senator
from Florida, as I understood, was to lay on the
table.
The PRESIDENT. Did the Senator from
Florida move to lay the motion of the Senator
from Virginia on the table ?
Mr. YULEE. I did; but I withdraw it.
Mr. JOHNSON. Mr. President, the objection
to ordering this printing to be done in this man-
ner is, that it is an evasion of the law. If it were
possible to obtain the printing in accordance with
the terms which the law has provided, it would
be proper to do so; but it is impossible that it can
he obtained in that way. But, sir, though that
is the case, I see no reason why we cannot elcct
a public printer for this body at a very early day.
It may be that I am mistaken. There may be
some serious and real objection to the election oif
a public printer at present. It is optional with
ourselves to throw obstacles in our way and not
elect a public printer, and then go on and dispose
of the printing in this way; and that indirectly
becomes an evasion of the law.
I am opposed to printing anything at present,
except what comes in strict accordance with the
law. I hope that motions to print additional
documents ^vill not be insisted upon until the
Committee on Printing shall be appointed, be-
cause the law requires that motions to print extra
numbers shall be referred to that committee. I
think, however, that we may order this report to
be printed before the Committee on Printing shall
be appointed. It is the annual report of the Sec-
retary of the Treasury, which he is required by
law to make. We have a rule of the Senate
which provides for the appointment of—
"A Committee on Printing, to consist of three members,
to who,!! mkiII be referred every question on the printing
of documents, repoits, or other matter, transmitted by
either of the executive depaitments, and all memorials-,
petitions, accompanying documents, together with all other
matter, the printing of winch shall be moved, excepting
bills oi lomanilg in Congress, and excepting, alto, messages
and other communications from the President of the United
States, and such reports and communtcauons from the
heads of Departments, as may be made to Congress, or to
the Senate, in obcdionee to law."
With the exceptions hero provided for, motions
to print all other matter must be referred to that
coftimittee. This report comes within the ex-
ceptions, and, therefore, it is not a matter which
must be referred to the committee. The only
difficulty about the matter is, that there is no
public printer. That difficulty can be easily
overcome, unless I am mistaken as to the power
of this body, by going on and electing a public
printer. I see no great reason why those who
are so anxious to see the documents printed may
not wait for a day or two.
The PRESIDENT. Does the Senator from
Florida renew his motion?
Mr. YULEE. No, sir.
Mr. TOUCEY. I renew the motion that was
made to lay the subject on the table.
Mr. CAbS. I wish to say a word on the sub-
ject.
The PRESIDENT. The motion is not de-
batable.
Mr. TOUCEY. I withdraw the motion.
Mr. CASS. I merely desire to observe that
this is an important and an interesting document
to the people of this country. It is the account
of t.u'e receipts and expenditures of their money
for tli& fiscal year. They want to see it. So far
as resplSSs myself, I behove it comes from a most
able, efficient, and faithful officer, and I trust it
will be printed.
Mr. CLAYTON. Mr. President, I wish to
say a few words to justify ray own course in
moving to print the President's message. When
I submitted that motionT did not conceive that I
was violating any law of the land; anduow, after
having examined the act to which my attention
has been called particularly by the honorable
Senator from Maine, and the honorable Senator
from Connecticut, I do not see that there is any
violation, by the resolution which I submitted,
of any valid provision of law. What are the
sections of the law to which reference has been
made"' Section eight, of the act approved August
26, 1852, to provide for the public printing,"en-
acts:
"That there shall be elected a public pnnter for each
House of Cong!ess, to do the public printing for the Con-
gress for which lie or they may be chosen, and such printing
for the executive departments and bureaus of the Govern-
ment of the United States as may be delivered to him or
