1856.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1733
evidence. In truth it is perfectly satisfactory.
Further on, he says, (which is not quoted by the
committee,) " I do not know whether they (the
books) were modified or corrected by the judge of pro-
bate or not." But surely the right of suffrage
does not depend upon facts like these.
The provision, that the books be furnished by
the judge of probate, is simply directory, and not
at all important to the validity of the election.
Suppose those books to be destroyed or mutilated
by accident or design on the eve of the election:
■will it be pretended that the election is thereby
forestalled and defeated ? As to these books the
committee quote a part of the evidence of Camp-
bell to support their allegation, that only loose
sheets of paper were used. I beg the House to
read the whole of his evidence. It is true that
he says, (at p. 40,) " Two sheets of one of the books
ujere returned to me with the oath and certificate not
dgned." " The remainder of the books, (he says,) I
do not know what became of theni." And yet on
his reexamination (at p. 67) he is asked, " How
many, if any, poll-books were returned, to you?"
And he answers, 441 received one of their own
making out, and part of one of the books I had sent."
And again, upon another examination (p. 41) hs
is asked, " What did you do ivith the poll-books
and tickets of Mesilla V' And he answeis, "I
sent the poll-books to the Secretary of the Terri-
tory." That is, two poll-books, independently
of the two loose sheets, which he retained of the
unused books.
It is upon this evidence that the committee
report that "loose sheets of paper" only were
used. I submit to their candor that the fact is other-
wise. Can anybody, not of the majority of the
committee, find any justification for their conclu-
sion in this evidence ? They say no books, but
only loose sheets, were used. The witness, in his
original and strongest statement against me, says,
" Two sheets of one of the books were returned
to me," &c. Again, he says he received one
whole book, and part of another. And, finally,
he says he sent the books to the Secretary of
the Territory, and in this he is confirmed by the
action of the Governor and Secretary in counting
the return.
Finally. The committee allege, as their crown-
ing objection to the poll at Mesilla, that one hun-
dred and ninety-two ballots were found in the
box not numbered or registered, and it is alleged
that one of the judges connived at and assisted in
this fraud.
• The judge here referred to is the same Trujillo,
the partisan of the contestant. The one hundred
and ninety-two ballots were fraudulent ballots
for the contestant, admitted to be so; not re-
corded on the poll-books; not counted m the re-
turns; not claimed by the contestant now. The
story of this stupid and abortive attempt at fraud
upon me and my constituents is thus told by a
witness, at page 51:
seJlnswer. On the night of the election I was tvoke up
where I was sleeping, m my house, by Santiago Tiujillo
knocking upon my dooi. I a-sked,' Who id there?' Trujillo
answered, 'It is I; open the door, and light a candle.' J
opened the door, and lit the candle. Trujillo said, Lei us
take these boxes, and go to Domingo Cubero's.'
(i Manuel Candelaria, upon being first duly sworn to tes-
tify the truth, the whole truth, and nothing but the truth,
upon his oath says, in answer to questions to him put on
the part of Gallegos:
" By S. M. Baird, attorney for Gallegos:
" First question. Do you know anything about any fraud-
ulent tickets having been fraudulently put m the ballot-box
of the precmct of La Mesilla after the close of the general
election, on the 3d of September last? and if so, state all
you know about it.
[" Manuel Candelaria being sworn as a witness, the at-
torney for Otero moved the examining judge to instruct said
witness that he was not bound to answer the first question,
or any question, if the answer would tend to criminate him-
self, or render him infamous, or produce disgrace to himself,
for his participation in said supposed fraud.
"JOHN S. WATTS,
" Attorney for Miguel A. Otero.
" As the examining magistrate does not know of any law
of this Territory that the answer of the question would
render the witness liable to indictment on a criminal chargc;
and as none has been pointed out by Judge Watts, attorney
as aforesaid; and as instruction upon the point requested
may embarrass the mind of the. witness, he being a Mexican,
not understanding English ; and as I do not hold that he
has a right to protect himself upon the ground of disgrace,
at this stage of the examination, [refuse to give the in-
structions. KI11BY BENEDICT,
" Associate Justicc, 4"c."
Is any one so blind as not to understand this ?
And yet this is one of the grounds upon which
the majority of the committee would deprive me
an$ my constituents of the vote at Mesilla.
If anything could increase the natural surprise
which such a conclusion must everywhere create,
it is the fact that, on the face of the evidence, this
attempted fraud was after the close of the election,
and it utterly failed of its purpose. How, then,
in any view of it, can it affect the validity or
purity of the election itself? This would be to
subject a perfectly fair and regular election, which
has closed and ended, to the chances that some
stupid and futile attempt, By friends of the de-
feated candidate, may be made to adulterate it by
matter ex post facto; and to declare that such an
attempt shall suffice to defeat the people of their suf-
frages. This' is simply absurd in reason, and
monstrous in practical effect. I beg the House
to examine this question of the nullity of the
election at Mesilla; for if the question of the
alleged Mexican votes should be doubtful, or
even clearly against me, the majority at this poll
of Mesilla, (258,) with the vote at SantaBarbara
(counted for the contestant) now deducted, (50,)
will still leave my majority 18 votes, thus:
The returned total majority  99
Reject the alleged Mexican votes  131
  32
the boxes, and earned them to Domingo Cutreio's. Truullo
then said to Cubeio, 'Hand out those ticket^.' Uuhrro
then asked Truiillo what he wanted of them; ami I lujillo
said ' I want tiiem to put into these boxes.' Cubero then
asked Truiillo why he wanted to put the tickets into the
boxes? Tiujillo replied, ' that he had been instructed by
Don Rafael Armyo, not only to put these into the boxes,
but five hundred or a thousand, and lie would be responM-
ble for it.' Then Cubero consented, and said, 'Ttien we
will put them in, if Arroyo is responsible.' Cubero then
nut names upon the tickets, and a peon of his gave mm the
names of persons in El Paio £li/,<trio, and places below,
and Truiillo doubled up the ticket*. After about eighty
tickets had been prepared, I got up to leave ? At this point
Truiillo had doubled and put into the box about eighty tick-
ets They then limited that I should stay and help to
double the ticket*. I did stay until one hundred and eighty
ticket< with names written upon them by Domingo Cubero,
were put into the box. Alter the>e ticket* wete put into
the box, Tiuiillo pulled out ot his pocket a hunch of tickets,
but I do not know how many there were—I suppose ten or
fifteen, but not twentj-aud put them into the box. Cubero
asked Trujillo if tlu^e tickets wcie prepared with names
upon them? Tiujillo said, < Yes.' Cubero did not write
any names upon these. Truiillo and myself then left the
Jiouse, and the boxes remained at the house of Cubero.
When this witness was about to be examined,
the contestant's counsel interposed to prevent the
disclosure. Here is an extract from pages aO
On this 6th day of December, the examination was
resumed, in pursuance of the adjournment. Parties pres-
ent a a on yesteiday ; also interpreter and marshal.
Leaves the contestant's majority 
But give me the deduction at Santa Barbara
of alleged votes counted for him 
And my majority is.
Now I confidently appeal to you, sir, and to
this House, to admit that the grounds upon which
the vote of this precinct has been rejected by the
committee are not well founded in law or fact,
and that this rejection is to give gpremium to fraud;
for I have referred to the evidence, which demon-
strates that the frauds were all on the side of the
contestant, and that they were only perpetrated
after the election had closed. It would also subject
the right of suffrage to be defeated by the mere
unauthorized acts of thejudges; since it is clearly
proven that the opening and crying of the ballots
was the act of one of them, a partisan of the can-
didate well known to have the minority at that
precinct.
It would be to sacrifice matter of substance to
mere matter of form, since in fact it is not pre-
tended that the judges were not sworn; but the
whole allegation m this respect rests upon the
fact that the judges did not sign at the head of
the polls as well as at the foot, the latter signa-
tures embracing the verification of the whole
paper. , ,Q
Add to this majority of 
The alleged Mexican votes, (not proven) 131
  149
And my majority is 
Instead of 
To which I add the Santa Barbara.
Making 
99
50
149
Besides all this, there are divers other pre-
cincts counted for the contestant, which, by the
same law which is relied on to reject Mesilla,
(for non-conformity with the directions of the
eleventh section quoted by the committee,) ought
to be rejected. In this respect there are defective
returns on both sides; but the greater amount of
such were votes for the contestant. Thus, be-
sides Santa Barbara, where only a single clerk,
and no judge, certified  50 votes,
There is Griegos y Candalerios, where 1
only one clerk signed, (page 223) 209 "
And Alameda, only two judges sign-
ing, (page 224)  204 "
And Gertrudez, where three persons
sign as clerks, instead of two,
(page 198) 115 "
Making illegal returns of majorities
for the contestant  578 "
While all irregularities and want of conformity
in the returns of majorities in my favor amount
to four hundred and seventy five votes only,
tested by the same rule—making a difference m
my favor of one hundred and three votes on this
point.
But I rest my right mainly upon the ground
that the evidence does not warrant the commit-
tee in their two conclusions, or either of them,
whereby they attempt to neutralize my returned
majority of ninety-nine votes. I trust I have
shown, by the record, that this majority stands
unimpeached. Lest, however, there be a differ-
ence of opinion on these points, I have now laid
before the House the data which must, I confi-
dently believe, lead them to the conclusion that,
in any viewofthe evidence and the law, my right
to represent the people of New Mexico here can-
not be successfully resisted.
Mr. SMITH, of Alabama. I do not desire-to
make a speech in this case, unless it should be-
come necessary to make some explanations. The
contestant, however, wishes to address the House
in his own defense. I move that he be allowed
to speak.
The motion was agreed to by general consent.
Mr. OTERO (the contestant) said: Mr.Speaker,
it was not my expectation or desire to trouble the
House with any arguments of my own, upon the
contest which is now to be decided. I should have
been content to rest my claims upon the testi-
mony in the case, and the conclusive report of the
Committee of Elections, submitting to the judg-
ment of the honorable members of the House,
without myself attempting to aid their investiga-
tions. . .
But the paper submitted by the sitting Dele-
gate on the 23d ultimo, and printed by order of
the House, demands a reply at my hands. Jus-
tice to the people of New Mexico, as well as to
myself, requires that 1 should notice the spirit
in which that document is conceived, and correct
some of the statements which have been most .
imprudently ventured in it.
The sitting Delegate commences his appeal by
declaring his " position here extraordinary and
anomalous." What makes it so> What but
his own neglect to qualify himself for the high
and honorable position which he aspires to fill ?
Last summer, during the canvass, he assured the
people of New Mexico that he had mastered the
English language; and doubtless this assurance
was influential in giving him the vote upon
which he now claims a seat on this floor.
In making that statement at homo, he vir-
tually acknowledged the force of that obligation
which his " extraordinary and anomalous posi-
tion here " convicts him of having disregarded.
Nay, more. He even makes it a merit that he
is not acquainted with the language in which your
proceedings are conducted. He seeks to identify
himself with the people of New Mexico, and to
excite sympathy for them through his own inca-
pacity. He says:
" Thev have chosen me as their representative, and I am
not ashamed of whatever is common to 'hem and to me.
Aj I am their true representative under the lavra, so I claim
to he their true type in all that has been the subject of sar-
casm and ridicule in the debates which have followed the
report of the Committee of Elections, and I receive it all, as
the representative of my people. It is flung at them, and
at every one of them, as mucn as it is at me.
I was not aware that any such sarcasm or ridi-
cule had been flung at the sitting Delegate; but I
am at least certain that no such mdigmty has been
offered to the people of New Mexico; and I pro-
test against the assumption that the personal
