■Of . _
1856.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
m
tliem to be printed by the Superintendent of the Public
Printing."
Afterwards comes the twelfth section, which
was properly commented upon by the honorable
Senator from Pennsylvania, providing for a joint
committee of three members of the Senate, and
three members of the House of Representatives,
to be called the Joint Committee on Printing.
Those are very salutary provisions, but they
we're not, according to my view, intended to pre-
vent the Senate from printing the neccssary doc-
uments to enable it to transact the public business.
We have no public printer, no Superintendent of
Printing, no Committee on Printing, and I appre-
hend we'may be without some of them for many
weeks to come; and because we have notall these,
is it impossible for us to order the printing of any
paper necessary to enable us to proceed with the
legislation of the country or our duties as mem-
bers of the advisory council of the Executive ?
I do not see, in the course which the Senate has
pursued,any inconsistency whatever, or anything
repugnant to the law. We must have the power
to order printing to be done, or we have not, in
fact, the power to legislate; because we cannot
understand the papers on which we are to act
unless we have an opportunity to read them.
When a public printer shall have been elected,
and the Committee on Printing shall have been
appointed, and when all the things which the law
prcscribcs shall have been done, we can then
apply it to the cases embraced by our own rules;
but, for the present, the law does not apply, and
cannot be operative in any case.
Sir, if there was an act directing the Sergeant-
at-Arms to be elected, or some other officer to be
appointed by the President of the Senate or the
Speaker of the House, is it possible that the
House or Senate could not by some temporary
arrangement keep order until the officer prescribed
by law should be appointed' Our own rules
direct what papers shall bo referred to the Com-
mittee on Printing, and expressly except the
President's message and documents, and the
reports of heads of departments. Each House
has the right to make rules to govern their own
proceedings, and we have made ours, and they,
and not a law conflicting with them, must govern
us, supposing such a lav/ existed. I am not at
all solicitous as to who shall print the document
now laid on the table—the report of the Secretary
of the Treasury. But I have this to say about it,
that it is a paper of so much importance that I
shall be very glad to have it. Whether A H, or
C D, shall print it is indeed to me a matter of 110
importance whatever. I want it to enable me to
discharge my duties hero as a Senator of the
United States. I do not think it right that 1
should bo deprived of the opportunity to examine
it, merely because, from circumstances which
gentlemen here understand better than I can ex-
plain, wo cannot get a Superintendent of Public
Printing, or a Committee on Printing, or because
the other House cannot organize, or because we
cannot appoint a public printer.
Mr. SEWARD. Mr. President, the laws
which have been referred to were made for the
ordinary course of the organization of Congress
and for its action. We all know the difficulties
which have occuned in the other House per-
haps in this, which have prevented us taking the
steps necessary for a complete organization, so
as to secure the benefit of the operation of these
laws; and so we are able to transact no business.
We are able to do nothing. But I submit that
that is no reason why wo should also shut up
our eyes and ears, and determine to know noth-
ing, and that the country shall know nothing,
about the operations of the Government. This
is a very important document. It is, as the Sen-
ator from Michigan has well said, the report
of the fiscal action of the Government. I hope,
therefore, that, whether it bo regular or irreg-
ular, the document may be ordered to be printed.
The manner in which it shall be printed, the per-
son by whem it shall be printed, or the price at
which it shall be printed, are matters of no kind
of consequence, compared with the importance
of having this report given to the people as soon
after the first Monday in December as the two
Houses of Congress may be in their places.
Mr. TOUCEY. Mr. President, the objection
which I made referred to the proposed order to
print extra numbers. The Senator from Deli-
ware did not refer, in commenting upon the act
of August 26, 1852, to that provision which is in
the twelfth section, where there is an explicit
enactment, that a motion to print extra numbers
of any document shall goto the Committee on
Printing of the House m which the motion is
made. Congress has enacted that law, and the
motion which is here made to print extra num-
bers I meant to insist should go to the Com-
mittee on Printing according to law. Beyond
that I do not intcrpSse any objection; and the
motion I made to lay on the table was with the
view that that committee might be appointed,
and might act upon the subject, and that wc might
go forward according to law.
I agree that this document is a very important
one. 1 should be very unwilling to throw any
impediment in the way of its publication and
its distribution; but at the same time it seems to
me that it is proper that this body, when we have
the power, should conform to tlie law which we
have enacted, in connection with the other House,
for the purpose of guiding the action of both
brunches of Congress in a matter of this kind.
The publication of extra numbers of documents
had become an evil; that is, it had been carried
to ail extent which made it an evil; and, in order
to remedy that evil, and to introduce caution in
the publication of extra numbers of documents,
it was thought fit to provide by law that every
motion of that kind should go to the Committee
on Printing of that branch of Congress in which
the motion was made. Here is a motion to print
ten thousand extra copies of the Treasury report.
I am in favor of printing that number of extra
copies. That is my individual opinion. I am
ill favor of printing it, and in the earliest legal
manner, but I am not willing here to set an ox-
ample before the country of violating a law which
we have enacted, and which wc alone cannot re-
peal. I prefer to adhere to existing law. If we
violate a law, let it be done inadvertently; but
when the subject is presented to cither House of
Congress, I hope the example wif] be set to the
country of adhering to law—of submission to
law; and therefore, notwithstanding any evil that
may arise in the present case in delaying the
printing of the Treasury report, 1 prefer to sub-
mit to that evil, rather than here, deliberately, in
the face of the country, to trample upon a law
of our own enactment.
Mr. CLAYTON. I do not think it is tramp-
ling on any law of our own enactment, or the
enactment of any other body. When a Com-
mittee on Printing shall be appointed, undoubtedly
any motion made to print an extra number of
documents of a certain class should hb referred
to that committee; but is it possible Mire to
remain here for months, during which time the
other House may refuse to organize, deprived of
the power of informing the people of the country
what is contained in the President's message, anil
what is contained in the public documents that
come from the heads of departments? That
might be the result of the Senator's construction.
!Vlr. TOUCEY. Will the honorable Senator
allow me to interrupt him 5 I would suggest that
it is not necessary that the House shon'c] act
upon that subject. Wo appoint a Committee on
Printing, and any motion for the publication of
extra documents by the Senate is referred to the
Senate Committee on Printing, and the com-
mittee on the part of the House has no power to
act upon the subject.
Mr. CLAYTON. But they must meet in joint
committee, and the decisions of that committcc
must often decide propositions to print. From
the necessity of the case, we must apply our-
selves, if we have no other resource, to the con-
tingent fund of the Senate
The PRESIDENT. Does the Senator from
Connecticut insist on his motion to lay the sub-
ject on the table ?
Mr. TOUCEY. I do, so that the motion to
print extia nutnbeis may hereafter be referred to
the Committee on Printing.
Mr. BROWN called for the yeas and nays;
and they were ordered; and, being taken, re-
sulted—yeas518, nays 23; as follows:
YEAS—Adams, Ciiy, f'oii.impr, Durkpe, Fop
seil'ien, Fitzpatriek, Foot, U.unlm, Johnson, Jones of
lov/a, Maltory, Sebastian, Sliileii, Sumner, Toucoy, Truin-
b;'1. Wade, mid WiL-ou—13.
NAVtS—Ailen, B«!l of New Hampshire, Hell of
Tennessee, Benjamin, Bright, Brodhead, Brown, Cass,
Clayton, Crittenden, Dodge, Evans, Pish, Geyar,
Jones of Tennessee, Mason, Bilsk, Seward, Stuart,
Thompson of Kentucky, Welier, and Yulee—23. '
So the motion was not agreed to.
Mr. BROWN. I rise simply to mention a fact
in connection with this subject which I suppose
has escaped the attention of some Senators. ' At
the opening of the last Congress, the President'is
message and accompanying documentswere sent
in under the law -which is still in force. Ttt'y
were ordered to be printed, and the work was done
by the previous printer, General Armstrong, who,
it will be recollected, was not elected printer of
the Senate at that Congress. He was not printer
of the Senate at that time. We had no printer.
Some days afterwards Mr. Beverly Tucker was
elected, but the former printer went on, and ex-
ecuted the job, as the title-page will show; and
yet there v?as no question rais«d then about the
law, or, if the question was raised, it was cer-
tainly determined m accordance with the course
which things have taken now, that, in the ab-
sence of any regulaj- printer to the body, the late
printer does whatever work is ordered.
The amendment of Mr. Mason was agreed to;
and the motion of Mr. Yulee, as amended, was
agreed to. So it was
Ordered, That the annual report of the Secretary of the
Treasury on the finances be printed, with the documents
communicated therewith, and that ten thousand additional
copies of the same be printed for the use of the Senate, and
five hundicd additional copies thereof be also printed for
the use of the Treasury Department, by the printer of the
Semite for the la*t Congress, at lates not exceeding those
established by existing laws.
PERSONAL EXPLANATIONS.
Mr. CASS. Mr. President, I have seen, with-
in a (lay or two, the report in the Globe of a
protracted and somewhat desultory debate in the
other wing of the Capitol, in which the opinions
of my colleague mid myself, respecting the prin-
ciples and operation of the acta for the govern-
ment of Kansas and Nebraska had bocomo a
matter of grave investigation by the Represent-
atives of the nation; and witnesses were called
to the stand to testify concerning the views wo
took of this general subject during the political
campaign which followed the passage of those
laws. As it may be considered necessary for the
public welfare still further to prosecute this im-
portant inquiry, I rise for the purpose of saving
the valuable time of the coordinate branch of tho
Legislature by saying, that if any interest con-
tinues to be attached to my position, in relation
to this matter, it may be gratified, without a resort
to this high proceeding, by turning to *a copy of
the volume 1 hold in my hand, being the twenty-
ninth volume of the Congressional Globe, where
will be frund, beginning at the two hundred and
seventieth pa°e, my remarks upon the passage
of those acts, containing my full views of the va-
rious questions connccted with them. The curious
inquirer after the truth of history will find I there
maintained that the people of every organized
Territory, possessed of a Legislature, have the
right, through such Legislature, to regulate all
the relations of domestic life—those of parent and
child, of husband and wife, and of master and
servant, and of all similar conditions, and to in-
troduce or abolish slavery, as fully as the people
of a State; and that the cliangcfrom a Territorial
to a State government docs not enlarge, or dimin-
ish, or change this power of legislation. I con-
sider it an essential attribute of the right of man to
govern himself, without interference elsewhere.
That great American principle, human indeed,
nicknamed, in thesV days of progress, not always
forward, 41 squatter sovereignty," which neither
ridicule nor reproach, neither hard words nor
opprobrious epithets can drive from the hearts
of tin1 American people, enshrined as it there ie,
by oil the glories of tiic past, by all the blessings
of the present, and by all the hopes of the future,
T shall take the first opportunity winch presents
itself to the Senate, as it no doubt will ere long,
to express more fully my sentiments upon this
interesting subject. As to my colleague, the Sen-
ate and the country know that he is fully compe-
tent to define and Defend his own position. #
Mr. STUART. I am not disposed, at this pe-
riod, and in this informal manner, to consume tho
time of the Senate. But for what has been said
by my distinguished colleague, I should have
been entirely silen^ and I now only am disposed
