1734
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 23,
deficiencies or errors of that gentleman are to be
imputed by representation to the people of our
Territory. I protest, also, that he is debarred from
claiming sympathy or tolerance on the ground of
his not speaking English, because he professed,
at the recent election, to be capable of represent-
ing the people here by his acquaintance with your
language. 1 defend my people, and every portion
of them, from the implied charge of having know-
ingly sent a representative who would boast of
his-incapacity, and claim his seat upon the very
ground of being unable to fill it.
Had I been in the situation of the honorable
gentleman in the last Congress, I would have
considered it a primary duty to my constituents,
and a matter of due respect to your honorable
body, to have first spught one of your grammar
schools and learned your language, before under-
taking to represent my people in the American
Congress. I say not this in a boastful spirit, nor
because I, in company with other young men of
that Territory, have availed myself of advan-
tages which others have not sought to employ.
But I say it, in order that the people of New
Mexico, and yourselves, the Representatives of
the States, may know in how different a light I
view the duties of my position, from that which
seems to strike the mind of the sitting Delegate.
I will venture to say further, that if any act or
proposition of mine, offered in my representative
capacity, had called £orth the jests and sneers of
any honorable member of this body, I should
have taken the indignity wholly to myself, and
should never have sought to snare it with my
constituents. At least, I should have deemed it
my duty to defend them from so unjust an effort
of ridicule, and I should have felt it as the
greatest possible misfortune not to be able* to
raise my voice in repelling the insult. I leave the
honorable gentleman to justify himself before the
people of New Mexico when he informs them
that they have been treated with contempt here,
and he has not risen in this honorable body to
defend them. Perhaps he will reply, " that the
making of speeches is not the chief or the vital
function of a Delegate;" that "the office and duty
of the Delegate is not to participate in general
debates upon this floor, but to be the true agent
of lus people, acquainted with their condition
and their wants, and faithful and industrious in
making them known," Admitting these quali-
fications to be the proper ones for a Delegate,
and that the possesion of them might relieve
him from the nocossity of defending his constit-
uents when assailed, he might still dread the appli-
cation of his own standard, as the measure of his
own efficiency and success.
The sitting Delegate appeals to your magna-
nimity in favor of the people of New Mexico.
"When, sir, m the history of the race of which he
claims to be a type, did Castilian blood ever con-
ceal in the piesence of power, and so far degrade
itself as to seek to crawl into favor ? I claim for
New Mexico, not your magnanimity, but your
fraternal justice. If she has no rights, she seeks
not to ho your pensioner. And if your favor is
only to be obtained at the sacrifice of dignity and
equality, she will disdain to purchase it at such
a price. She would indeed be poor as the recip-
ient of your richest favors, if conferred as a boon;
and rich indeed in all her poverty, so long as'she
maintains her self-respect and independence.
These shall never be surrendered, through my
agency, so help me God !
I am not at all surprised that the honorable
gentleman has sought to oast a reproach upon
the young men of that countiy, who have been
educated in the United States. For many years
past there have been two parties in that Territory
—one callingitself the Mexican party,and indulg-
inggreat hostility against the institutions of these
States; the other denominated .the American
party, and looking to annexation as the only se-
curity from the peipetual discords and civil wars
of Mexico. The.se divisions commenced before
the late war between the two countries, and con-
tinue to the present day as the fundamental dis-
tinction between existing parties. I confess I
have been always attached to the institutions of
this country, and to have been taught from child-
hood to look tu this quarter fur the political re-
generation^ of my people. Though a native of
New Mexico, and of unmixed Spanish descent,
I received my education in this country; and I
am happy to entertain the thought that I am the
first native citizen of that acquired Territory who
has come to the Congress of our adopted, father-
land, and address it in the language of its laws
and its Constitution. And I am proud to know
that my own people at home do not consider me
the less qualified, on that account, to represent
them in this body, whatever may be the opinion
of the sitting Delegate.
As to the grave charge of being a young man,
I have only to reply in the words of the younger
Pitt:
" The atrocious crime of being a young man, which the
honorable gentleman has with such spirit and decency
charged upon me, 1 shall neither attempt to palliate nor deny,
but content myself WJth wishing that I may be one of tho&e
whose follies may cease with their youth, and not of that
number who are ignorant m spite of experience.
"Whether youth can be imputed to any man as a reproach,
I will not assume the piovince of determining: but surely
age may become justly contemptible, if the opportunities
which it brings have passed away without impiovement,
and vice appears to prevail when the passions have sub-
sided. The wretch who, after havmgseen the consequence
of a thousand errors, continues still to blunder, and whose
age has only added obstinacy to stupidity, is surely the ob-
ject of either abhorrence or con tempt, and deserves not
that his gray head or scanty locks should secure him from
insult. Much more is he to be abhorred who, as he has
advanced in age, has leceded from virtue, and become
more wicked with less temptation; who prostitutes him-
self for money and spends the remains of his life in*he
ruin of Ins countiy."
But youth is not my only crime. I have been
accused of aspiring to represent a people whose
wants and condition I do not understand. Sir,
this is ridiculous in the extreme, and I mention it
that it may be despised. " I may," quoting the
same authority, " have some ambition; yet, to
please this gentleman, I shall not lay myself un-
der any restraint, nor very solicitously copy his
mien, however matured by age or modeled by
experience." But, sir, if any man, by charging
me with aspiring to represent a people whose
condition and wants I do not understand, imply
that I am a demagogue, I shall treat him as a
calumniator, a villain, and a libeler; "nor shall
any protection shelter him from the treatment
which he deserves, nor shall anything but age
restrain my resentment; age, which always
brings one privilege—that of being insolent and
supercilious without punishment."
There is one topic, Mr. Speaker, which ought
not to have been introduced here at this time,
and which I should not have noticed at all but
for the attack of the sitting Delegate upon the
Catholic Bishop of New Mexico. I have asserted
in my notice, and it is perfectly notorious in the
Territory, that the corrupt priests did exert the
influence of the Church to secure the election of
my competitor. This fact cannot be denied by
any honest man who is acquainted with the facts.
But I utterly deny that the bishop was guilty of
any interference whatever, unless that could, be
called an interference which sought merely to
restrain the priesthood from the scandal of an
active and zealous participation in the canvass.
I myself carried to the bishop a petition signed
by several influential and respectable citizens of
the sitting Delegate's native county, requesting
that the priests who were actively interfering in
the election might be forbidden to use the power
of the Church for so corrupt a purpose. Not
without hesitation and reluctance, the bishop
wrote a mild letter to padre Ortiz, of San Juan,
which letter I also carried to said prelate, advising
him to abstain from taking an active part in the
contest. The hypocritical padre, while profess-
ing obedience to the wish of his superior, utterly
disregarded the instruction given. He was a
zealous partisan of the sitting Delegate, and made
use of all the influence of his position to aid him
in the election.
But I feel it to be my duty to go further, and
to defend the bishop from the charges unjustly
made or insinuated ajrainst him. 1 believe him
to be eminently worthy of respect for his piety,
| intelligence, and public spirit, and I should feel
' myself culpably negligent not to vindicate his
reputation here. The sitting Delegate says:
l- A clergyman of that church, 1 found myself, previous
to my fiiest ctection to this body, depuved of my hvir.jj, in
common with all the other native clergy of New >le\iro,
excepting tour oniv, by the new Fiench bishop, to make
; way ibj unpolled Fiench pilosis? ot his own selection. The
' attempt to vindicate our lights ofily reived to secure the
whole weight of ecclesiastical inftuen.ee against us. one and
all."
Now, what is the truth in reference to this
matter ? It is no part of my purpose, as it cer-
tainly would be unbecoming in me, to make any
allusion to the private character of the sitting
Delegate. I do not wish to be so understood.
But the occasion requires me to say that, at the
time of the acquisition of New Mexico by#this
country, when the new bishop was sent out, he
found the Church sunk into the most deplorable
condition of immorality. The priests themselves
were notoriously addicted to the grossest vices.
They were, in many instances, the disgrace of
every gambling-house and drinking saloon, and
the open frequenters of the brothels. In a word,
they personified vice in all its hideous and revolt-
ing aspects. The good bishop, seeing how the
holy office had been prostituted and the Church
disgraced, proceeded at once to remove the delin-
quent priests,and substituted others in their stead.
This is what the bishop has done: " this is the
head and front of his offending." I
But he has gone still further, and done what waa
never before so effectually done, since the days of
the pious padres who first settled the Territory.
He has established schools upon a good founda-
tion, and has begun the education of the young,
both male and female. It is not surprising that
the corrupt and degraded priests, who were for-
merly the worst enemies of the people, imposing
upon their credulity and cultivating their preju-
dices, as the means of attaining their wicked
ascendency, should find fault with the measures
of reform adopted by the new dignitary. But in
spite of their complaints, all good men will ap-
prove the change which deprives them of power
and position, so much abused and perverted by
their vices. Thus much I felt it to be my duty to
say, in vindication of a: pure and good man, who
has faithfully served the best interests of his
Church, and has labored for the good of the peo-
ple over whom he has been placed. I know the
responsibility under which I speak: I vouch for
the general accuracy of the facts stated.
Mr. Speaker, I should never have felt author-
ized to allude to any of these subjects but for the
singular production which the sitting Delegate
has caused to be laid upon your tables. I could
not avoid this brief reply, and the necessity
which occasioned it must be my sole apology.
I proceed, then, with your kind indulgence, to
notice, with equal brevity, the arguments by
which the sitting Delegate attempts to combat the
positions taken in the report of the honorable
Committee of Elections. In this particular I feel
that my task is a light one; because the com-
mittee has so clearly and satisfactorily stated the
case, that there is little occasion for additional
argument, even in reply to the labored document
presented by the sitting Delegate.
The first position assumed m that document is,
that the returns from the precinct of Santa Bar-
bara are informal, and ought not to be counted.
After quoting the return, as purporting to be
given on page 218 of the printed testimony, the
sitting Delegate sayc:
" Let me ask. sir, by what authority, and upon what prin-
ciples of law or logic, your committee have cut this eleventh
section m two, and hoJd to the one half wnile they reject
the other? How do they give efficacy to their argument,
that the whole vote of Mesilla is to be rejected because the
return did not show (as they say) that the judges weie
sworn, (which it only need show by virtue of the first half
of this section,) and yet refuse to reject this majority of
fifty votes at Santa Barbara, when the return i> utteily in-
sufficient, accoiding to the latter half of the same eleventh
section, which requires it to be signed by three judges and
two clerks, while it is not signed by either of the judges and
but by a single clcrk? If, m the one case, the absence of
the due return is sufficient prima facie to annul the election,
why is it not in the other case?" &c.
The reply to this reasoning is simple and ob-
vious, and is to be found in the law of New Mex-
ico, which makes the probate judge the true re-
turning officer of the election. The poll-books and
the ballot-boxes are both required to be sent to
him; and it is lus duty publicly,after due notice,
to count the votes, and return an abstract to the
Secretary of State. Any citizen is authorized to
question any vote; a public trial and investigation
is held; and the true state of the polls is determ-
ined by the probate judge. His abstract is th«
only legal return upon which the Governor and
Secretary of State, can act. The law is to be
found quoted on ihe 7th pa^e of the report of the
committee. A reference to it will leave no shadow
of doabt as to the correctness of the principle
here stated.
