124
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[March 6,
34th Cong....1st Sess.
Kansas Contested Election—Mr. Bingham.
Ho. of Reps.
who are inhabitants of the Territory, and who
may have adopted the customs of the white man,
anaare liable to pay taxes, shallbe deemed citizens.''
Now, sir, where was the necessity of this pro-
vision if all the Indians inhabiting that Territory ;
had been made citizens by treaty, and were, in j
fact, already citizens of the United States ? And
if they were not citizens of the United States,
whence did this Assembly derive the power to
make them citizens, contrary to the express pro-
hibition of the organic act—they neither having
declared their intentions, nor taken the oath as
required by that act' '
induce slaves to escape from the service of their
masters;
That by the twelfth section thereof it is a fel-
ony, punishable with imprisonment for two years,
for any free person, by speaking or writing, to
assert that persons have not the right to hold
slaves in said Territories, or to circulate there any
book containing any denial of the right of any
person to hold slaves in said Territory.
These, sir, are provisions of the legislative
enactments of this Kansas Assembly, to which
gentlemen point as the evidence that the body
which enacted them was the legal and duly con-
This organic act provides, that the " qualifica- J, stituted Legislature of Kansas.
tions of voters and of office shall be such as shall
be prescribed by the Legislative Assembly, pro-
vided the right of suffrage shall be exercised only
by citizens of the United States, and those who
enall have declared on oath their intention to be-
come such, and who shall have taken an oath to
support the Constitution of the United States, "and
also the Kansas-Nebraska act.'' I take it, sir, that all
these Indian tribes with whom the Government
of the United States has treated are not citizens
We are told more than that, for, if I under-
stood the distinguished gentleman from South
Carolina [Mr. Boyce] aright, he argues that we
are to abide by that legislation. We are to recog-
nize these laws as obligatory, and to bow to then-
supremacy—that to do less were treason. I, sir,
repel the suggestion; I, for one, claim the right
as an independent Representative of a free and
independent constituency to question the validity
of that legislation. I claim the right to inquire
of the United States. 1 never before heard of a | into it, and to know whence it emanated ana by
Government which entered into treaty stipula-
tions with its own citizens, except in this re-
markable case of these Kansas people. I under-
stand that the present acting Governor of Kansas
has recently entered into a treaty, offensive and
defensive, with thepeople of thatTerritory, known
as the Lawrence Treaty! It is the only treaty
that I know of which has been negotiated within
the memory of man, where there was but one
sovereign party assenting to it. In the case of
this Lawrence treaty I believe the only sover-
eignly known as a party to it was the people of
this Territory. What right the Governor had to
stipulate by treaty with them I leave to him and
his friends to find out at their leisure.
But, sir, I stop not further to inquire into the
extraordinary provisions of this election enact-
ment. It is enough to know that it confers on
courts and sheriffs the power to legislate over
the people, and on Indians the right of suffrage
in violation of the organic law. But, sir, we are
referred to all the legislation of this famous body
as evidencing the fact that a legally constituted
Legislative Assembly was there convened. We are
told that by all this legislation the petitioner here
is estopped from inquiring as to its legality; and
that is only a modest way of telling us that this
House is in like manner estopped by it from in-
guiringinto the legality ofthis Assembly, because
it is conceded that, if this question be cognizable '
by the House at all, it is so on the memorial
of any citizen of the United States, and also :
that the House may of its own motion raise the [
question. We are told, as already stated, that
all the legislation of this Territorial Assembly
works estoppel. And such legislation! Has the
world seen anything like it since Draco wrote
his laws in blood? Consider it, and then tell
me whether there are not upon its face " proofs
as strong as Holy Writ" that it never emanated
from a Legislature chosen by freemen to repre-
sent freemen—that such atrocious legislation
never was enacted by the mere servants of a free
people for the government of their masters, bv
creatures for the control of their creator.
I find on page715,716 and 717 of this volume of
Kansas laws, passed by this Territorial Assem-
bly,an enactment by the fourth section of which it
is made a felony, punishable with death, for any
person to carry away out of that Territory any
slave belonging to another, with intent to effect
the freedom of such slave;
And by the fifth section of which it is made a
felony,.punishable with death, to aid in persuading
■j6™ a."y sIave belonging to another out of
said Territory, to effect his freedom;
• . i'f1 by ,the seventh section it is felony, pun-
ishable with five years' imprisonment, for any
person to aid a slave in escaping from the service
ot his master, or to aid or harbor any slave who
has escaped from his master;
That by the eleventh section thereof it is made
a felony, punishable by five years'imprisonment,
to print, or circulate, or publish, or aid in printing,
circulating or publishing within said Territory,
any book, paper, pamphlet, magazine, handbill
or circular, containing any sentiment calculated to
of man, do "ordain this Constitution;" a felony
to harbor a slave escaping from his thraldom; a
felony to aid freedom in its flight; a felony to
shelter the houseless, to clothe the naked, to feed
the hungry, and to help him that is ready to
perish ; a felony to give to the famishing a cup of
water in the name of our Master. Oh, sir, be-
fore you hold this enactment binding upon an
American Congress, tear down that banner of
freedom which floats above us, for stirring remin-
iscences linger in its folds, and the stars upon its
field of azure have gleamed above the field of
" poised battle," where the earthquake and the
fire led the charge, and where American virtue and
American valor maintained the unequal conflict
against the mighty power of British tyranny and
oppression. Before you hold this enactment to be
law, burn our immortal Declaration and our free-
written Constitution, fetter our free press, and
finally penetrate the human soul and put out the
light of that understanding which the breath of
the Almighty hath kindled. This would be a fit
preparation for the inauguration of such legisla-
tion.
But, sir, we are not likely to receive these enact-
ments as law. It is too late to make it felony to
utter the self-evident truth that life and liberty
belong of right to every man by virtue of the
same creative energy which breathed into him the
breath of life, and he became a living soul.
Americans will not do this wickedness, nor per-
mit others to do it. The people of the United
! States will not allow any such villany to receive
the sanction of law upon their territory; tliey
! will not be estopped by such legislation from
uttering thoughts and " sentiments " calculated
' to effect and secure the freedom of every citizen
of the United States enslaved in the Territory of
Kansas, by this atrocious assumption of power,
! and this flagrant violation of the Constitution and
the organic act which constitute the supreme law
of that Territory. Our organic act has provided
| that the legislative power of Kansas shall be re-
'! stricted to such rightful subjects of legislation as
1 are consistent with the Constitution of the United
States and the provisions of'the organic act. This
pretended legislation of Kansas violates the Con-
stitution in this—that it abridges the freedom of
speech and of the press, and deprives persons of
liberty without due process of law, or any pro-
cess but that of brute force, while the Constitu-
tion provides that Congress shall make no law
abridging the freedom of speech or of the press;
and it expressly prescribes" that " no person
shall be deprived of life, liberty, or property
without due process of law."
Which shall stand—the Constitution which
guarantees to each man personal liberty, and to
collective man empire, or these atrocious statutes
which inaugurate the worst despotism the world
ever saw? There can be but one response: let
whom it was enacted. But, sir, it makes no dif-
ference to me who enacted these infamous statutes,
or who chose the Legislative Assembly which so
assumed to legislate. I insist upon it that it is
as plain as any fact in nature that this legislation
is void by whomsoever enacted. And why? ;
Simply because it contravenes the Constitution :
I of the United States, and which Constitution, by
I the express terms of the organic act, restricts the j
legislative power of the Legislative Assembly of !
Kansas to such rightful subjects of legislation as
. are consistent with the Constitution. I believe
j that it is not constitutional to restrict the free- ■
dom of speech within the Territories of the Uni- ,
! ted States,andthatsuchrestrictionisnotarightful !
subject of legislation.
We have seen that this act of the Territory of
Kansas makes it a felony for a free citizen of the
United States to maintain that persons have not
a right to hold slaves in that Territory. I deny,
sir, that the Territory has the power conferred
upon it by its organic law to make such an enact-
ment. I insist upon it that it is restrained by
the very words of the statute from doing it; and
that any territorial enactment which makes it a
felony for a citizen of the United States, within
the territory of the United States " to know,
to argue, and to utter freely, according to con-
science," is absolutely void, because it is not
! consistent with that provision of the Constitution
which declares that the Congress of the United
States shall not pass any law abridging the free- j
dom of speech or of the press. It has conferred
I the power of legislation on that Territory; but '
at the same time of conferring that power, it said,
in terms plain and clear to the comprehension of
"IT' thf t s|ich legislation should only extend ; no man here, upon the hearthstone of donation"
° . " ng tfu!. su5yects.of legislation as were talk about the American Congress being bound
consistent with the Constitution. Congress has
the power to restrain and prevent any such legis-
lation. By permitting it to stand, Congress ap-
proves it, and, in fact, enacts it. What Congress
does by another, it does itself, in effect.
Ay, sir, Congress is to abide by this statute,
which makes it felony for a citizen to utter or
publish in thatTerritory "any sentiment calculated
, to induce slaves to escape from the service of their
I masters." Hence it would be felony there to utter
I the strong words of Algernon Sidney, " resist-
ance to tyrants is obedience to God;" a felony to
to a respectful obedience to any territorial enact-
ment which violates so palpably the Constitution.
Such legislation, sir, is proof stronger than a
thousand witnesses that they who enacted it were
not the representatives and servants of the free
people whom by their laws they insult and seek
to enslave.
There is a still further objection to this legis-
lation, assuming this territorial assembly to have
been legally chosen—and that is the place at which
they legislated.
to utter there, in the hearing of a slave, upon
American soil, beneath the American flag, the
fixes the temporary seat of government at Fort
j felony to read w the hearing of one of those fet- i ThP t^0
.  ig of one of those fet-
tered bondmen the words of the Declaration, j
All men are born free and equal, and endowed 1
by their Creator with the inalienable rights of
life and liberty;" a felony to utter there those
other words, blazing in letters of living lig-ht on
the feat written charter of our National Govern-
ment, We, the people of the United States, in
order to establish justice," the attribute of God,
and "to secure liberty," the imperishable right
Leg
s'islature at
its first meeting—and the
The Governor convened
Pawnee. This was its firs „„„6—M10
Legislature, while at Pawnee, passed an act fixing1
the temporary seat of government at Shawnee
School. The election statute was passed at Shaw-
nee, the temporary seat of government fixed by
the Legislature. Congress having fixed the tem-
porary seat of legislation at Fort Leavenworth
it seems to me plain that the .Legislature could
not fix it temporarily elsewhere, nor could they
