1856.
Ki# eeNqRESSIQNAL GLQSE,
Now, it so happens that irv the whole b^ok of
testimony, of nearly three hundred pages, there
is not a single return from the judges of election
which is formal and legal; for not one of. them
contains the indispensable certificate that the
judges were swori}. What is to be inferred from
this fact? That all these returns were in fact
illegal and void? By no meaps. On the contrary,
it is to be inferred that th,e probate judges had
evidence before them of the regularity, and legal-
ity of the election, and that their abstracts formed
the basis of the estimate made by the Governor
and Secretary. The election law requires one
copy of the poll-books to be sent to the Secretary,
and one to the probate judge. The certificates
sent to the Secretary may not be legal and formal;
but it does not follow that, in the public exami-
nations of the votes by. the probate judge, th^t
officer has not had complete evidence of the val-
idity of the election. His return is conclusive
upon that point in the absence of proof to the
contrary. The difference between the two cases,
of the Santa Barbara and Mesiila precincts, is
this: In the former case, the probate judge ap-
proved the returns of the judgesof election; while
in the latter case, that officer disapproved and
annulled them. In the case of Santa Barbara
there was no contest; there was no question made,
and there is no proof of any irregularity or ille-
gality. But in the case of Mesiila., there was a
public challenge alleging the illegality of the vote
as well as the returns, and there was a judicial
decision in conformity with the allegation. The
proof to sustain this decison is ample and con-
clusive. _ . ,
One of the chief complaints I make against the
Secretary and Governor is their arbitrary refusal
to take the abstracts of the judges of probate as
the basis of their estimate. If they had done
this, as the law requires them to do, you would
not have been troubled with this contest. I
should have had the certificate, and my seat
would never have been claimed by the sitting
Delegate.
In making out the transcript of the case, the
Secretary has not sent the abstracts of the pro-
bate judges, as he ought to have done. The mass
of papers, with which he has incumbered the
case, are of no.value whatever, because they do
not furnish even the elements from which a decis-
ion can be made. They do not correspond with
the results of the election as adopted by the Gov-
ernor and Secretary themselves; and the obvious
solution of this difficulty is, that those otncers
li.^ve taken the returns of the probate judges in
all instances, except where it suited their purpose
to depart from the law. Hence it has occurred
thit I have been obliged to resort to dircct proof,
and have been deprived of the advantage which
a fair presentment of the record would give me.
Notwithstanding these disadvantages, so unfairly
thrown against me, I have established the fact of
mv election beyond a reasonable doubt.
'Upon these grounds I rest the question as to
the vote of Santa Barbara. The return quoted is
not the ground upon which the Governor and
Secretary could legally act, and it is not to be pre-
sumed that they acted without authority of law.
I repeat that they were not authorized to act upon
the returns of the judges of election; and accord-
ingly the record shows that they did not so act,
because their countdoes not correspond with those
preliminary figures. They must have acted upon
the abstracts furnished by the probatejudges;and,
although there are no copies of the abstracts pre-
sented, the presumption of law is that they did so
act, except in the instances where the contrary is
shown, as at Mesiila, and in the county of Berna-
lillo. . ,
The abstract from this latter county is found
atthe bottom of the fourth page of the testimony.
It will there be seen that the probate judge gives
nje one hundred and five votes more than the
Governor and Secretary allow me. It is a leged
that this was an error of addition. I do not know
how that was. But there is no proof of the fact,
and the Governor and Secretary had no power to
correct the error. They were bound by the ab-
stracts. It is very true, this House is not bound
by the returns of the probate judges; but those
returns must stand, even here, until tney are
proved to be erroneous. These one hundred and.
five votes have not been allowed me by the com-
mittee.
The second point ma$e by the sittin&Delegate
*1.. _* *1.« —:cinct of Uhamisal.
is, as to the votes at the precinct   —
It is not necessary forme to add anything to wl^at
the committee has said upon this partof the case.
he mode of voting in New Mexico renders it
impossible that the statements made can be true;
and the most important principle of public policy
forbids that voters shall be allowed to -testify
against the ballots which they have deposited in
the boxes. They have failed to prove that the
ballots or tickets were fraudulently changed,apd
no other proof is admissible.
But I wish to correct an, error into which the
sitting Delegate has fallen, even supposing his
testimony to be admissible. He forgets that he
was. allowed eighteen votes at Chamisal, which
must be presumed to be among those which lie
attempts to prove. This will leav.e only one
hundred and six to be deducted from mv vote
and added to his; making a difference of only two
hundred and twelve, instead of two hundred and
foity-eight, as he claims. Thus, upon his own
calculation, I would still have a majority of thirty
votes; although I deny that he is entitled to any
of the votes upon the grounds stated.
The third objection of the sitting Delegate has
reference to the Mexican votes which were
counted against me in the counties of Santa Fe
and Rio Arriba. His special pleading upon this
point is of the most technical character. Because
the witnesses did not see the voters cast their
votes, although their names are recorded on the
poll-books, and their ballots numbered, so as to
be completely identified, he argues that there is
no proof of the facts thus established by the rec-
ord itself. And, when the list of those who de-
clared their intention to retain their character as
Mexican citizens is produced, and the names of
the same persons are found on the poll-books,
and their votes identified, he insists that it be-
comes our duty to prove that the same names
belong to the same persons; because, possibly,
there may be different persons of the same names.
The sitting Delegate is wholly mistaken as to
the rule oflaw in such cases. The facts proved
amount to prima facie evidence, and it lies upon
him to prove that the same names do not repre-
sent the same persons. In some few cases, he
has proved that two or more persons bear the
same names; and, in all these instances, on ac-
count of the uncertainty thus produced, the com-
mittee have allowed him the whole benefit of the i
doubt. It is to be presumed that he has estab-
lished every case of the kind which it was possi-
ble for hiin to prove; for it is not probable that
there is any such thing as a general prevalence of
the same christian names and surnames applied
to designate different persons. I dismiss this
quibble, as scarcely worthy of a reply. I stand
upon the record, and claim the benefit of its
showing, so far as it is not contradicted by other
legitimate proof.
1 am surprised at the assertion of the sitting
Delegate to the effect that I have not proved the
votes of these Mexican citizens to have been
given lor him. The election laws of New Mex-
ico expressly provide the means of determining
the manner in which every citizen votes. The
names are required to be registered and numbered,
and every ticket is noted with a corresponding
number. The officers are forbidden to compare
the names with the tickets, except incase of con-
test; and if there is no contest, the law requires
the tickets, after a certain time, to be destroyed,
so that no man's vote shall be exposed unneces-
sarily. These wise provisions of the law have
enabled me to identify every vote, and I have
done it effectually. .
But the sitting Delegate, not having perfect
confidence in these petty quibbles and technical-
ities endeavors to strike at the foundation of the
whole thing by denying that his Mexican friends
i had the right or the power to retain their char-
i actei as Mexican citizens. Although the treaty
expressly reserved this right to them, and al-
though no man was bound to become an Amer-
ican citizen against his own will, the sitting D®1~
i e ate insists that the laige number of citizens who
i mibliclv and solemnly refused to become Amer-
ican citizens, and declared their intention to
! lemain citizens of Mexi.o, subscribing the liistru-
li ment which has been produced before the Oom-
ii mittee of Elections, the sitting Delegate insists
l! that these persons were forced to bccome Amei-
ican citizens in spite of themselves, t.am sure
I need not make an argument og this point; r
may safely leave the matter to ffye unanswerable
reasoning of the committee. ,
I have already alluded to the origin of -exjsUjig
parties in New Mexico. Th^ present'divTslonl
commenced before th§ independence of Texas,
and long before the late war between the. iTiiiteii'
States and Mexico. .After the incorporation of
New Mexico, as aTerritory of the United Stated
multitudes of the inhabitants—especially in the'
counties of Santa Fe and Rio Arriba—%aVe' veift*.
to their hostility to the United States and their
institutions^ by refusing, under the treaty, to be-
come American citizens,. Having deliberately'
and voluntarily made their election under the'*
treaty, and having chosen to retain the character,
of Mexicans, they have-no right to participate in.
the elections, until they shall have been regularly;
naturalized according to law. So well settledwas
this principle, that a few years ago the Legisla-
ture of the Territory petitioned Congress t<j pass
an act for the benefit of those inhabitants who hail;
disfranchised themselves ill accordance with the,
provisions of the treaty. If they have repented
of their choice, there is no alternative but to come,
in at the door provided by the laws. They can?
not break through, or climb over, the barriers
established by the Constitution and laws of the
country.
I might well insist, Mr. Speaker, upon other,
grounds of claim, which would place my right
to the seat on this floor beyond the reach of all
tlifficirtty. At two of the largest precincts in the,
county of Santa Fe, to wit, in precincts No. 3
and 4, the judges who held trie election, are
proved to have been all among the signers of tile,
declaration to retain the character of Mexicans.
Tfiey were not American citizens, and by the.
organic law of the Territory they were forbidden
toehold any office. Their returns, upon every
principle of law, are absolutely void. If it were,
at all necessary, I might appeal to decisions in
election cases to establish the principle, that elec-
tions held, and returns made, by persons legally
incompetent to bold such office and exercise the.
functions thereof, are wholly invalid. These
precincts are in the very heart of those counties
where thousands of the inhabitants deliberately
l ejected and disdained the opportunity to become
citizens of the United States. If their votes,
were thrown out, as most of them were given
for the sitting Delegate, I should have at least a
thousand majority. Rut the honorable Com-
mittee of Elections did not think proper to sus-
tain me in this point; and as my election is suf-
ficiently certain upon other grounds, I will not
pursue the argument beyond this mere statement
of the claim. .
I have already replied, I hope sufficiently, to
the sitting Delegate's arguments on the subject of
the Mesiila precinct. The honorable committee
saved me the trouble of saying anything upon
the testimony of Candelaria and Cubero, who
testify to their own participation in a gross
fraud, for the purpose of implicating one of the
judges of election. If these witnesses do not
succeed in impeaching the character of Trujilloj
they do at least most effectually stamp themselves
with degradation and infamy. It is impossible
to resist the impression that these witnesses
were themselves the authors of the fraud, and
that it was perpetrated for the purpose of con.
cealing the gross illegalities of the whole election
at this precinct, and done under the advice of Don
J. do Jesus Bara, priest of Mesiila. But the
decision of the probate judge annulling the re-
turns from this precinct stands upon grounds
wholly independent of this attempted fiaud.
Certainly such an attempt, by whomsoever com-
mitted, and for what purpose soever designed,
cannot make that <^ood and valid, which was
otherwise illegal and void. Nor is it necessary
for me, Mr. Speaker, to notice any further those
irregularities, apparent upon the returns of the
judges of election, as relied upon in the conclud-
ing part of the sitting member's statement. _
1 have already shown that the probate judge is
by law made the true returning officer; that he
examines the poll-books, counts the tickets m the
ballot-box, and prepares an abstract of the result
for the Secretary of State. This officer has before
him the returns of the judges of election, and all
other information necessary to enable him to
