1856.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
0*5
on the Gulf coast and to the Mississippi. We
gave that away to Great Britain without asking
for a consideration. The next chapter in the
history of the same Administration was, that
they offered $200,000,000 for Cuba. That is the
difference between territory North and South!
Vancouver's Island could be given away, but
Cuba was to be bought even at the cost of
$200,000,000!
Sir, I have had occasion to allude to these
transactions before, and I- have stated on other
occasions, and I repeat now, that there is one
curious fact in regard to our territorial treaties,
and it is a very curious one. I do not know but
that it is wha* Mr. Weller—I do not mean the
member of tht Senate, but Sam Weller, of Pick-
wickian memory—would call an "astonish-
ing coincidence." At any rate, the fact is, that
every treaty that has been made in regard to ter-
ritory on our northern border has been to cut off
and give away. We cut off Maine, and sold to
Great Britain all she wanted, which was a good
military road from Nova Scotia to Canada, and
then wo gave away an empire to her on the Ore-
gon question. On the South, however, we have
always taken. We have constantly been cutting
off at one end, and buying at the other, and when
we could not sell northern territory, we gave it
away.
Then, sir, I think I can say to the President,
that the people would have been quite as much
pleased to hear a little more about Kansas, as so
much about Central America. The President,
however, does have a very little to say about
Kansas—a very little indeed. He says:
"In the Territory of Kansas, there have been acts preju-
dicial to good order, but as yet none have occurred to justify
the interposition of the Federal Executive."
I wish that were true; but I take issue with
him. I say the interposition of the Federal Ex-
ecutive has been there, and it has been there on
the side of those very acts of violence. Sir, the
people of Kansas have had to protect themselves
against mob law, instigated by the President and
sustained by his officials there. When he says
there has been nothing to "justify" official in-
terposition, I admit it is true there was nothing
to justify it; but the interposition was there,
whether justified or not. Then he goes on to
say that the people of Kansas must be protected.
Well, sir, they willbc protected; but they have not
had protection from the President of the United
States. Do you not know, sir, does not the Sen-
ate know, and does not the country know, that
Governor Reeder came home and proclaimed in
the ears of the President that Kansas was a con-
quered country ? And what did he do ? The
Governor told him that Kansas was conquered.
What do you suppose General Jackson would
have done, if one of his Governors had come to
Washington and said, " General, that Territory
which you sent me to govern has been con-
quered.^ " Why, in the name of the Eternal,"
he would have said, "who lias conquered it5"
He would have called upon the country for all its
military force and all its volunteer force to retake
it. But, sir, it was not to General Jackson that
the story was told, but to another and different
sort of man. What was the answer? The Pres-
ident turned him out. He said: " Governor, we
have no further need of your services; we wish
you all prosperity, but you are not the man to
carry out squatter sovereignty in Kansas." Then
he took Mr. Wilson Shannon; and Mr. Wilson
Shannon went, shouting over the plains as he
went that he was for slavery in Kansas. He
wefkt too fast; and, I think, between the North
andVta; South, Mr. Wilson Shannon will not find
a veqf wide place to stand upon. 1 do not think
he will find a friend here to say, "God save him!"
when his time comes up.
So much for Kansas. After -this brief allusion
to it in his message the President undertakes to
read a long lecture upon slavery. It is not the
fiist time the President has delivered lecturcs on
slavery, and I have a word or two to say on the
view which he takes of it. The President of the
United States, in the paper which he sent here a
few days ago, takes the ground that the gentle-
men who do not agree with him in his peculiar
notions are the enemies of the Constitution. He
so puts it, for he says:
" If the friends of the Constitution are to have another
struggle, its enemies could not present a more acceptable
issue, than that of a State, whose constitution clearly em-
braces 4 a lepublican form of government,' being excluded
from the Union because its domestic institutions may not
in all respects comport with the ideas of what is wise and
expedient entertained in some other State."
Thus the President undertakes to designate as
enemies of the Constitution those who differ from
him on this subject. I do not know how others
feel, but I say it is an insult to the majority of
this nation. The President knows, if he reads
anything beyond the most servile sheets that Ins
creatures send to him, that the public sentiment
of this country condemns most decidedly his
action in that Territory. No man knows it better
than he, or at least no man ought to know it
better; and when he goes on -to characterize as
enemies of the Constitution those who differ from
him, he knows he so characterizes certainly one
half of the popular branch of Congress, and quite
a number of the members of the Senate—no mat-
ter for them, however; as they do not belong to
" healthy organizations," let them take care of
themselves. 1 will not speak for them, but I
speak for myself, and I say the President can do
me no sort of harm by any such denunciation as
this. I am perfectly willing to take it; but, sir,
standing here as a representative of our native
State—his and mine together—I will not have him
hurl such an imputation as that unchallenged or
unrebuked. He has no right to designate any
men who are here under the same oath to support
the Constitution which he has taken, as enemies
of the Constitution; and when he does it he comes
down from the high place which God, in his wrath
for the punishment of our national sins, and for
the humiliation of our national pride, has permitted
him to occupy. I say he comes down from that
high place into the arena of a vulgar demagogue,
and strips himself of everything which should
clothe with dignity the office of President of the
United States. 1 deny the issue; I hurl it back
in his face; I tell him, when he undertakes to
designate these men as enemies of the Constitu-
tion, he abuses and defames men whose shoe-
latchets he is not worthy to untie.
Sir, these are plain words, but the time demands
them. When the President of the United States
sends such a message as this to me, or to a body
of which I am a member, I shall be restrained by
no consideration from speaking what I believe to
be the truth. The President says, that if the ene-
mies of the Constitution—we all know whom he
includes in this phrase—are to have another con-
test with its friends, there caunotbc abetter one.
Grant it, sir; let us have it. 1 tell him that is the
very place where the fight is to be made. This
part of his message, stripped of its verbiage,
means this: If, by the illegal violence of the men
who have gone over into Kansas, and undertaken
to establish slavery there, they shall come here
and ask for admission into the tJnion with a slave
constitution, and Kansas shall be rejected, the
President tells us that is the most favorable aspect
in which that question can be presented. That
will be the issue, and, if it be decided against
slavery, we are threatened with civil war.
Sir, I am not a man of war; but when I have
heard it threatened so often, I have sometimes
wished that God in his providence would let it
come. If it had no other eiFett, I think it would
have one. I think it would learn those men who
are constantly talking about the dissolution of
the Union a lesson which neither they, nor their
children, nor their children's children, would ever
forget. I am not ccrtain that I should not want
the war to come on while we have about just such
a President as we have now, and I will tell yon
why. If the attempt at disunion were made with
such a man as General Jackson, or General Tay- j
lor, in the presidential chair, and it were repressed
promptly, as it would be, people would say, " Oh,
it was his great military power, las reputation,
his popularity, which did it." God knows they
could not say it of this President. [Laughter in
the galleries.] If the President succccded, and if
the Union were sustained, as it would be, it would
be by its own inherent energy, and from no fac-
titious power which it would acquire from the
overshadowing popularity of the President.
Sir, when the President undertakes to stigma-
tize, as lie has done, those who differ from him,
he steps beyond what he has a right to do; he
steps over the mark; he violates the laws which,
I think, should govern tfte intercourse between
the different members of this Government. I
When he denounces as enemies to the Constitu-
tion those who differ from him, I think it proper
to meet him in this way', and to take issue with
him. Does the President think that upon this
issue he can go before the country? Does he
think that he stands in a place where -it is safe
or prudent for him to denounce as inimical to the
Constitution views which are entertained by" a
vast majority of the people of this coufifcry ? If
he is safe, it is his obscurity, and nothing, else,
that shields him—it is the utter hopelessness of
his position. Sir, I heard a very instructive com-
ment made upon his message by a southern gen-
tleman within a very brief time. "Oh," said
he, " it is one of the bestmessages that ever was
written, and Pierce is the best President we have
ever had since Washington." "Well," said
the person to whom he was speaking, " you will
renominate hi^n, will you not?" "No," said
he, " that is another thing; his message is a
little too strong to get northern votes with; we
shall not use him any more." That is exactly
the position in which the matter stands.
I do not wish, sir, to go any further into this
matter. _ If the views which I have entertained
are received by the Senate and country, as I sup-
pose they will be, and no controversy be made,
I shall have nothing more to say about it; but if,
on the other hand, my views shall be controverted,
I may take occasion at some fu„ture day to go
somewhat at length into the various topics which
the President has suggested. But, sir, when he
sent such a message as this, and when the only
comments that were made on it were commena-
atory—not commendatory of this part, I know,
but commendatory of the nonsense with which it
is filled about Central America, and no man had
a word of rebuke (not even my excellent and
worthy friend from New York, Mr. Seward) to
utter at the atrocious sentiments to which I have
alluded—I felt compelled by a sense of duty with
great reluctance to lay before the Senate the views
which I have entertained. Having done so, I
withdraw the motion.
THE LEGISLATURE OF MAINE ON SLAVERY.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I present resolves of the
Legislature of the State of Maine, relating to
slavery, and I ask that they may be read and
ordered to be printed.
The Clerk read them, as follows:
State of Maine.—Resolves relating to Slavery.
Resolved, First, That human slavery is, in all its aspects,
an unqualified evil and wrong, and as such merits the rep-
rehension of mankind.
Second, That, m the early periods of our national history,
both the. opinions of the people, and the policy of the Gov-
ernment, were adverse to the institution.
Thud, That the Constitution of the United States is, and
was deigned to be. a charter of libcity, and hence that ail
acts of the national Government by winch slavery maintains
a legal existence in tcrrdoiy &ubject to the exclusive juris-
diction of Congress, are" in direct conflict with the whole
spirit and with the clear piovisions of that instrument.
Fomth, That the actot theThirty-Third Congress,repeal-
ing the law of 1890, known as the Missouri compromise, by
which slavery was forever prohibited in the territory north
of the paiailel of 36° 30' was an unjustifiable violation of a
solemn compact, and a flagrant breach of faitli.
Fifth, That Maine will never consent to the admission
into the Federal Union of any more States with constitu-
tions authorizing slavery.
Sixth, That the act of 1850, called the " fugitive slave
law," is unconstitutional, and odious to the whole North:
Maine therefore demauds its immediate and unconditional
repeal.
Seventh, That it is the duty of the General Government,
without delay, to abolish slavery wherever it has exclusive
jurisdiction, and to exert us influence whenever and where-
ever it legitimately may on the side of universal liberty.
Therefore
Resohed^ That our Senators in Congress oe instructed,
and our Ropiesentatives requested, to use all practicable
means to secure the passage of the following enactments:
First, Au act repealing all laws of the United States au-
thorizing slavery in the District of Columbia.
Second, An act repealing the &tatute of 1850, known as
the fugitive slave law.
Thnd, An act forever prohibiting slavery or involuntary
servitude, except for crime, within the temtoiies of the
United States.
Resolved jurther, That our Senators in Congress be in-
structed, and our Representatives lequested, at all tunes
hereafter, mor.t strenuously to oppose in every justifiable
way, the admission of any new State into the Union, except
upon the condition, to be embraced m the act of admission,
thai slavery or involuntary seivitude, excepting that for
cume of which the accused shall have been duly pioved
guilty, shall be forever prohibited therein.
Resolved, That the Governor be requested to forward a
copy of these resolves to each of our Senators and Repre-
sentatives in Congress, and to the Governors of each State,
with a request that the resolves be laid before the Legisla-
ture thereof.
