THE CONGRESSIONAL '-GLOBE.
January 3,
In tBe Hods® of Representatives, 17,1855.
Read-And passed. SIDNEY PERHAM, Speaker.
IN SENAT®,JtfarcA1^ 1855.-ltead aiid passed.
FRANKLIN MUZZY, President.
Approved March 17,I85S. AfJg0N p M0RRnJl,
A true copy Attest ^ jA0KS0K) Secretary of Slate.
The resolutions were laid on the table and or-
dered to be printed.
FRENCH SPOLIATIONS-
Mr. FESSENDEN. I present resolves of the
Legislature of Maine relating to the veto of the
French spoliation bill; and I ask that they may
be read and ordered to be printed.
The Cleric read them, as follows:
State of Maine.—Resolves relating to the Veto of the French
Spoliation BiU.
Resolved, That the recent veto, by the President of these
United States, of the French spoliation bill, so called, has
created a general and well-founded disappointment and dis-
satisfaction throughout this State; and that the reasons given
by the President for this arbitrary act are extraordinary and
wholly insufficient.
Resolved, That the obligation of the General Government
to make indemnity for the French spoliations (in part pro-
vided for by said bill) has been repeatedly examined and
demonstrated in Congress, and ought to be faithfully per-
formed.
Resolved, That our Senators in Congress bo instructed,
and our Representatives requested, to endeavor, in every
practicable way, to secure the payment of the claims of the
citizens of these United States on account of said French
spoliations.
Resolved, That the Governor be requested to forward a
copy of these resolves to each of our Senators and Repre-
sentatives in Conjures*.
In the IIorsE of Representatives, March 15, 1855.—
Read and passed.
SIDNEY PERIIAM, S-pedker.
In Senate, March 16,18f>r>.-~Road and passed.
FRANKLIN MUZZY, President.
Approved March 16,1855.
ANSON P. MORRILL.
A tiue copy—Attest:
Alden Jackson, Secretary of State.
The resolves were ordered to lie upon the table
and to be printed.
PETITIONS.
Mr. FESSENDEN presented the petition of
Miles Dcvine, praying to be allowed a pension
for injuries received while employed as a laborer
on Port Scammcl; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Pensions.
Mr. WELLER presented the petition of of-
ficers of the Army, praying an increase in the
commutation price of rations; whir,ft was referred
to the Committee on Military Affairs.
Mr. RUSK presented the petition of Charles
Taylor, of Victoria county,Texas,praying com-
pensation fur services rendered and supplies
advanced to the United States at Chicago, in the
State of Illinois, during the Black Hawk war in
1832; which way referred to the Committee on
Claims*
Mr. MASON presented the petition of Samuel
V. Niles, praying compensation for services as
temporary clerk in the General Laud Office; which
was referred to (lie Committee on Claims.
Mr. MASON. I also present the memorial
of the Agricultural Society of Jefferson county,
Virginia, asking for the establishment at Wash-
ington of an office for collecting- and digesting
meteorological observations taken on land. 1
present it at the request of the society, for whom
I have very great respect, without any admission
that the subject is properly cognizable by the
Congress of the United States. I move the refer-
ence of the memorial to the Committee on the
Library, who, I believe, have charge of kindred
subjects.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. JONES, of Iowa, presented two petitions
of citizens of Buchanan and Fayette counties,
Iowa, praying for the establishment of a mail
route from Tmlqvuidcncc to West Union, in that
State; which were referred to the Committee on
the Post Office and Post lloads.
Mr. PISH presented documents in relation to
the claim of Enoch S. More, representing that he
has been deprived of his rights as a soldier in the
United States Army, owing to an erroneous entry
on the roll of the company in which he served,
and praying that an act may be passed for his
relief; which was referred to the Committee on
Pensions.
Mr. MALLORY presented the memorial of
Cyprian J. Jenkins, praying to be allowed to
locate a quarter section of land in Florida under
the armed occupation act; which was referred to
the Committee on Private Land Claims.
Mr. CASS. I present the memorial of sundry
citizens, praying tnat Commander J. J. Nicholas,
of the Navy, who has been placed on furlough,
under a decision of the late naval board, may be
restored to his position on the Navy list. This
memorial was addressed to the President of the
United States, but the President having decided
not to act on the subject, I have been requested
to present it to the Senate. *1 know Commander
Nicholas, and consider him a most excellent offi-
cer. I was on board his ship, and had means
there of judging of him. I say nothing in respect
to the proceeding's of the naval board at present.
I merely move that the memorial be referred to
the Committee on Naval Affairs.
The motion was agreed to.
WITHDRAWAL OF PAPERS.
On motion by Mr. FESSENDEN, it was
Ordered, That «Levi S. Bartlett have leave to withdraw
his petition and papers.
On motion by Mr. WADE, it was
Ordered, That the documents in relation to the claim of
John Metcalf, praying for remuneration for pioperty lost in
consequence of the impressment of the schooner Tempest
into the military service of the United States during the
last war with Great Britain, be withdiawn from the files of
the Senate and referred to the Committee on Claims.
On motion by Mr. WADE, it was
Ordered, That the petition of Isaac Cook, Pelctiah Shep-
herd, and Benjamin A. Napier, praying for compensation
for the schooner Tempest, winch was impressed into the
service of the United States in 181-1, be wxthdniwu from
the files of the Senate and referred to the Committee on
Claims.
On motion by Mr. RUSK, it was
Ordered^ That the memorial of Ilemy Volcker, praying
confiimation of his title to a tract of land in New Mexico,
be withdrawn from the files of the Senate and referred to
the Committee on Private Land Claims.
On motion by Mr. BROWN, it was
Ordered, That the memorial of the Board of Trustees of
Public Schools of Washington city, District of Columbia,
praying the donation of city lots tor educational purposes,
or that a poition of the proceeds ot' sales of lots heretofore
made may be invested for that pmpo^e, be withdrawn from
the files of the Senate and referred to the Committee on
the District of Columbia.
On motion by Mr. HAMLIN, it was
Ordered, That the petition of John Cameron and others,
praj-iaj* for bounty for schooner Stephen C. Phillips,
wrecked while engaged in the fisheiias; the petition of
James C. Donne, praying for fishing bounty for schooner
(h-.tila, abandoned at sea in consequence of mjuiies io-
eeived m a gale ; the petition of Wyer G. Sargent, praving
fur filling bounties for the schooners Olive Branch and Two
Brothers, of wh'ch he l-s owner; and the petition of John
Gniy, prajing for iu.hmg bounty !<">i the schooner Mary,
be withdrawn from the tiles oi the Senate andieferred to
the Committee on Commerce.
On motion by Mr. YULEE, it was
Ordered, That tho petition of Thomas T. Russell and
Antoiuo J. Noda, tho register and receiver of the land office
at St. Augustine, Florida, praying compensation for making
locations under the Arredondo giaut, be withdrawn from
the tiles of the Senate and referred to the Committee on
Public Lands.
On motion by Mr. TRUMBULL, it was
Ordered,That.the petition uf.'Jacob Coopei,i>onof Apollos
Cooper, praj m«i that the heir-- of said i Jooper may bo allowed
seven yeais half pav, be withdrawn from the file* of the
Senate and referred to tiie Committee on Revolutionary
Ciauns. 4
On motion by Mr. TRUM1SULL, it was
Ordered, That the moinofralof MeKinley Ward, guaulmn
of Julia F. Peebles and George W. Peebles, of Illmoi-i, foi
bounty land and half-pay pen-ion on aecountof the sei vices
and death of Robeu Peebles m the hire vi ai with Mexico,
be withdrawn from the of the Senate and referred to
the Committee on Public Lands.
On motion by Mr. CRITTENDEN, it was
Ordered, That the memorial of the heirs of Colonel Isaac
Shelby, piaying compensation for Ins services duiing the
revolutionary war, be withdrawn from the tiles of the
Senate and referred to the Committee on Revolutionary
Claims.
On motion by Mr. SEWARD, it was
Ordered, That the petition of Mrs. Mary Jones, widow
of Adjutant General Roger Jones, praying a pension, be
withdrawn fiom the liles of the Senate and rcfeircd to the
Committee on Pensions.
ADJOURNMENT OVER.
On motion by Mr WELLER, it was
Ordered, That when the Senate adjourns* to-day, it be to
meet on Monday next.
REPORT OF A COMMITTEE.
Mr. WELLER, from the Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs, to whom was referred the petition
of \Villiam Anderson, praying for remuneration
for losses sustained in consequence -of the death
of his brother of disease contracted in the mil-
itary service during the last war with Great
Britain, asked to be discharged from its further
consideration, and that it be referred to the Com-
mittee on Public Lands; which was agreed to..
NOTICE OP A BILL. * .
Mr. WELLER gave notice of his intention to
ask leave to introduce a bill for the relief of Jacob
Dodson.
DISTURBANCES IN KANSAS-
Mr. WILSON submitted the following reso-
lution for consideration:
Resolved, That the President of the United States be re-
quested to communicate to the Senate all information in
the possession of the Executive in lespect to the disturb-
ances in the Territory of Kansas, affecting the freedom of
elections; and that he be further requested to inform the
Senate by what authonty armed men from the State of
Missouri were marchcd into the Territory of Kansas,
against the peace and good order of the said Territory ; and,
also, what steps have been taken by the Executive to pre-
vent these outrages upon the legal rights of the people of
this Territory; and what persons holding office under ex-
ecutive appointment have participated in these acts, and to
what extent.
MICHAEL DOOLEY.
Mr. SEWARD. I ask leave to submit the
following resolution, which I hope the Senate
will oblige me by immediately considering and
adopting:
Resolved, That there be paid out of the contingent fund
of the Senate, to the widow o£ lyfichael Dooley^ the late
superintendent of the folding-room, the sum ot $150 for
funeral expenses, and the salary of the said deceased until
the close of the present session.
Mr. EVANS. There is a rule of the Senate,
which I think ought to be observed, that all
propositions to make appropriations out of the
contingent fund shall be referred to the commit-
tee on that subject; J move, therefore, that this
resolution bo referred to the Committee to Audit
and control the Contingent Expenses of the Sen-
ate, in accordance with that rule.
Mr. SEWARD. I wish to state on that mo-
tion, that on the 33th day of January, 1841, as
appears by consulting the rccords of the Senate,
there was paid to the widow of Stephen Haight,
late Sergeant-at-Arms, funeral expenses, and sal-
ary for the residue of the term; that by resolu-
tion of the Senate passed April 2d, 1846, which
will be found on page 225 of the Journal for that
year, there was paid to the widow of Stephen
Haight funeral expenses and salary; that there
was paid in 1846 to the sisters of Lewis San-
ders, a messenger in the Secretary's office, the
funeral expenses of their brother and pay until
the end oi* the session, and extra allowance; and
that by a resolution of the Senate passed in 1846,
there was paid to the mother of James Timms,
a messenger and acting postmaster, $150 for
fundVal expenses. I have drawn up this resolu-
tion in accordance witli the precedents which
have so long been observed by the Senate, and I
was in hopes that there would be no dissenting
voice.
Mr. EVANS. I desire only that the resolu-
tion should take its ordinary course. I do not
suppose any such consequence can result 111 this
case as 1 have seen in other instances; but I
know that in very many cases the Senate have
been entrapped, if I may use the expression, into
granting motions of this sort to pay large sums
of money out of the contingent fund; and it is
time, I think, that there should be some arrest of
that practice, and that the matter should be con-
sidered by some committee before the monetf is
appropriated. I move to refer the resolution to
the Committee on Contingent Expenses. /
The motion was agreed to. W
JURISDICTION OF THE COURT OF CLAIMS.
On motion by Mr. FITZPATRICK, the Sen-
ate proceeded to the consideration of the follow-
ing resolution, submitted by him on the 24th of
December:
Resolved, That such of the private claims as were em-
biaced in Senate bill No. 43 of the last Congress, and
which the claimants? may choose to prosecute bofo'-e the
Court of Claims, be, and ihe same are hereby, reicned to
the said court.
Mr. FITZPATRICK. Mr. President, this
question was discussed when 1 submitted this
resolution, in consequence of an objection on tho
part of the honorable Senator from Maine, [Mr.
Fe8scndent,] that th« object was provided for by
