1736
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 23,
canvass the votes. Any citizen may appear and
object to any of the proceedings, and the probate
judge decides. His decision is final and conclu-
sive" a ainst all the world, except against the
authonty of this House. But even this House
■would not undertake to reverse the decision of
the probate judges withouthaving before itall the
information upon which these officers acted. If
the sitting Delegate intended to attack the returns
of the probate judges, he was bound to give
notice, and submit proof of their errors. This
he has not done. He only refers to the returns
made by the election judges as filed in the office
of the Secretary; but those are not the papers
upon which the probate judges act.
1 have already shown that the Governor and
Secretary themselves did not act on these papers.
Therefore it is wholly vain and idle to present
them here as entitled to any consideration in this
contest.
I call the attention of the House to a paper
submitted here, since the reading of the statement
of the sitting Delegate, by the gentleman from
Georgia—the statement of the Secretary of State.
Now, I submit to the House the decision of the
Supreme Court in the case of Tompkins vs.
duintana. In that case the Supreme Court de-
cided that these Mexican citizens were not en-
titled to vote. The other decision, of which the
Secretary of the Territory speaks, has reference
to the decision of the district courts only. The
decision of the Supreme Court, to which I have
alluded, was made while I was in California in
1852. The decision alluded to by the Secretary
was made in 1853, and certainly did not, and
could not, reverse the decision of the Supreme
Court.
Mr. CADWALADER. To save the contest-
ant the trouble of discussing this poini, I wish
to ask him whether he received any notice from
the sitting Delegate of his intention to present
this letter of Mr. Davis as testimony in the case ?
Mr. OTERO. I did not.
Mr. CADWALADER. Then the gentleman
had no opportunity of cross-examining this wit-
ness?
Mr. OTERO. I had not.
Mr. CADWALADER. Then the evidence
is ex parte; so far as I am concerned, I shall ex-
punge it from my mind, and the House cannot
legitimately be influenced by it.
Mr. OTERO. Hoping, Mr. Speaker, that I
may have satisfactorily demonstrated to your
honorable body my claim and right to the con-
tested seat, I will conclude my remarks by ob-
serving, that I plant my hopes upon no party
platform; 1 seek aul from no party sources; I rest
my claim upon its merits—upon truth, upon jus-
tice, and upon that sentiment which will respect
the sovereign wi'l uf New Mexico, whose son 1
am; for I am native there, and to the manner born.
I come here, not as a successful adventurer from
the restless waters of political speculation; I come
because my people sent me. 1 shall only return
to them when you reject me. Rut whatever your
action may be, I shall never cease to believe and
promulgate the sentiments I have always enter-
tained, that the brightest and happiest day that
ever dawned upon New Mexico, was that on
which she was annexed to this Union. And I here,
as 1 have there, congratulate her most heartily
upon the happy event; and hope that she, wheeling
in the line of her adopted sister Territories, and
following in the tram of this bright constellation
ofStates, shall, by strict observance of the Consti-
tution—by a proper devotion to the principles of
liberty—by keeping step to the music of the Union,
present, 111 the future of America, no mean glory,
or cause her sister States to blush, either for her
want of fidelity to the bond of Union, or the pa-
triotism and virtue that make you one and indis-
soluble.
With profound acknowledgment for the cour-
tesy extended to mo on this occasion—with a
full reliance upon the substantial validity of my
claim to the contested seat, I submit, the whole
matter to the impartial judgment of the House,
not doubting that justice will be done between my
honorable competitor and myself.
Mr. CARL1LE. Wo have had speeches from
the contestant and the sitting Delegate, and, as
there are but a few days of the session lett, I
call lor the previous question.
The previous question was seconded: and the
main question was ordered to be put; and being
put, the resolutions reported by the Committee
of Elections were adopted.
Mr. SMITH, of Alabama. I move to recon-
sider the vote by which the resolutions were
adopted; and also move that the motion to re-
consider be laid on the table.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I demand the
yeas and nays on the motion to lay on the table.
I believe that the sitting Delegate is entitled to his
seat on this floor as the Delegate from New
Mexico.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. CADWALADER. If gentlemen will in-
dulge me, I think I can, in five minutes, satisfy
them in regard to this case. I have looked into
it, with as strong an impression in favor of the
sitting Delegate, as any member on this floor.
[Cries of " Order!"]
The SPEAKER. Debate is out of order.
Mr. CADWALADER. I can satisfy the
House that the sitting delegate is not entitled to
the seat.
Mr. JONES. I am satisfied that the sitting
Delegate is entitled to a seat here.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. I (All thegen-
tleman to order.
The question was taken on Mr. Smith's mo-
tion ; and it was decided in the affirmative—yeas
128, nays SO; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Albright, Allison, Ball, Barbour, Henry
Bennett, Hendley S. Bennett, Benson, Bilhnghurst, Bing-
ham, Bliss, Bowie, Bradshaw, Brenton, Broom, Buffinton,
Cadwaladei, John P. Campbell, Lewis D. Campbell, Car-
lile, Oaskie, ObafFee, Ezra Clark, dawson, Williamson
R. W. Cobb, Colfax, Comins, Cox, Cragin, Cullen, Cum-
buck, DatmcH, Henry Winter Davis, Timothy Davis,
•Dean, Denver, Dickson, Dodd, Dowdell, Dunn, Durfee,
Edwards, Emrie, Evans, Flagler, Foster, Thomas J. D.
Fuller, Giddmgs, Goode, Granger, Ilobert B. Hall, Harlan,
J. Monism Iliuris, Harrison, Haven, Tliomas It. Horton,
Valentine B. (lorton, Kelsey, Kennett, King, Ivnapp,
Knight. Knovviton, Knox, Lake, Leiter, Alexander K.
Marshall, Matron, MeCaity, Meacham, Killian Miller,
Smith Miller, Moore, Morgan, Morrill, Muriay, Nichols,
Norton, Parker, Peck, Pelton, Pennington, Peiry, Pettit,
Phelps, Pike, Po.ter, P angle, Purviance, Puryear, Quitman,
Ueade, Heady, Ricaud, Ritchie, Bobbins, Rooerts, Sabin,
Sage, Sapp, Savage, Scott, Sherman, Simmons, William R.
Smith, Sneed, Spinner, Stanton, Stianahan, Tappan,
Thurston, Todd, Trafton, Tyson, Underwood, Wade,
Wakeman, Walbridge, Waldron, Israel Washburn, Wal-
king, Watson, Welch, Whitney, Williams, Wood, Wood-
ruff, Woodvvortli, and Zolhcoffer—108.
NAYS—Messrs. Aiken, Bell, Ciawford, Elliott, Eu=tis,
Houston, George W.Jones, Letcher, Lumpkin, McMulhn,
McQueen, Millson, Andrew Oliver, Ruffin, Seward, Short-
er, Stephens, Swope, Talbott, Taylor, Warner, and Elhhu
B. Washburnc—22.
So the motion to rcconsider was laid on the
table.
Pending the above call,
Mr. CARUTHERS stated that he had paired
oil with Mr. Wright, of Mississippi; but for
that, he would have voted in the affirmative.
Mr. KELLY said he had paired off with his
colleague, Mr. Gilbert, for this day.
Mr. ETHERIDGrE said he had paired off with
Mr. Robison*.
Mr. 3VANS said he had paired off with Mr.
Bliss, for this day.
Mr. GREENWOOD said he had paired off
with Mr. Wright, of Tennessee, and that he
would have voted in the affirmative, and Mr.
Wright in the negative.
Under the resolution of the House, Miguel
A. Otero, Delegate from the Territory of New
Mexico, presented himself and took the usual
oath to support the Constitution of the United ,
States. i
REPORT OF THE KANSAS INVESTIGATING i
COMMITTEE. !
Mr. CRAGIN, from the Joint Committee on j
Public Printing;, on the part of the House, made |
the following report: j
The Joint Committee on Printing, on the part of the '
House, to whom was referred the proposition to punt extra
copies of the report of the Kansas investigating commit-
tee, have considered the same, audiepon the following res-
olution-- :
Resolved, That twenty thousand copies extra of the ma-
jority and minoiity reports of said committee, together with
the journal or said committee and the evidence taken by
them, be printed—one thousand for the use of said com-
i mittee, and nineteen thousand for the u-se of the members
■ of the House.
Resolved, That one hundred thousand copies extra, each,
of the majonty ami minority reports of said committee
(without the journal and evidence) be pnnted for the use
of tiie members of the floufce.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. Is it the purpose
to take a vote on the resolutions at this time?
Mr. CRAGIN. Yes, sir; and I call for the
previous question.
Mr. CARL1LE. I move to lay the resolutions
on the table.
Mr. JONES I would inquire why this report
is an exception to all similar ones from the same
committee? The members of the investigating
committee are members of the House, and under
the report, besides getting the one thousand
copies, they will get their proportion of the nine-
teen thousand copies. Such a thing was never
done before.
Mr. MATTESON. Is debate in order?
The SPEAKER. It is not.
Mr. JONES. I only ask an explanation of
the question.
Mr. LETCHER. I demand the yeas and
nays on the motion to lay on the table.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the negative—yeas 6(5, nays84; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Aiken, Bell, Hendlcy S. Bennett, Bowie,
Branch, Broom, Burnett, Cadvvalader, Carhle, Caruthers,
Caskie, Williamson R. W. Cobb, Cox, Craige, Crawford,
Cullen, Henry Winter Davis, Denver, Dowdell, Elliott,
Etheridge, Eustis, Foster, Thomas J. D. Fuller, Goode,
Greenwood, J. Morrison Harris, Haven, Houston, George
W. Jones, Kennett, Kidwell, Lake, Leiter, Letcher, Lump-
kin, Humphrey Marshall, MeMullin, McQueen, Smith
Miller, Millson, Phelps, Porter, Puryear, Quitman, lteade,
Ready, Ricaud, Ruffin, Savage, Shorter, William Smith,
William R. Smith, Sneed, Stephens, Stewart, Swope, Tal-
bott, Taylor, Trippe, Underwood, Valk, Warner, Watkins,
Whitney, and Zoihcoffer—66.
NAYS—Messrs. Albright, Allison, Barbour, Henry Ben-
nett, Benson, Biihnghuist, Bingham, Brenton, Buffinton,
Lewis D. Campbell, Chaffee, Bayard Claike, Ezia Clark,
Clawson, Colfax, Cornms, Cumback, Damieil, Timothy
Davis, Dean, Dickson, Dodd, Dunn, Durfee, Einrie, Flag-
ler, Giddings, Granger, Robert B. Hall, Ilarlan, Thomas R.
Horton, Valentine B. Horton, Kelsey, King, Knapp, Knight,
Knowlton, Knox, Matteson, McCarty, Meacham, Killian
Millei, Moore, Morgan, Morrill, Murray, Nichols, Norton,
Andrew Oliver, Parker, Pelton, Penniugton, Perry, Pettit,
Pike, Pringle, Purviance, Ritchie, Robbins, Roberts, Sabin,
Sage, Sapp, Scott, Sherman, Simmons, Spinner, Stanton,
Stianahan, Tappan, Thurston, Todd, Tiafton, Wade,
Wakeman, Waibndsre, Waldron, ElJihu B. Washburne,
Isiael Washbnrn, Welch, Wells, Wood, Woodruff, and
Wood woi th—84.
So the House refused to lay the resolutions on
the table.
Pending the above call,
Mr. DUNN said: Mr. Speaker, I vote in the
affirmative, with the assurance that the gentleman
from New Hampshire will withdraw the call for
the previous question, in order that amendments
may be offered to remove the objectionable fea-
tures of the resolutions.
After the result was announced,
Mr. CRAGIN said: I withdraw the call for the
previous question, so that an amendment may be
offered.
Mr. NICHOLS. I have no disposition to
interfere with the report as it stands, except in
one particular. I move to strike outthese words:
"one thousand for the use of said committee;"
and call for the previous question.
Mr. CARLILE. I hope the gentleman will
withdraw the call for the previous question until
I make an inquiry.
Mr. NICHOLS. I yield for that purpose.
Mr. CARLILE. I would ask the gentleman
from Ohio, who is chairman of the Committee on
Printing, to inform the House what will be the
cost of the work provided for by the resolutions?
Mr. NICHOLS. I am happy to be able to af-
ford tfte^gentleman the information he desires. If
my motion prevails, the cost, including binding
of the nineteen thousand copies, will be sixty-one
cents per copy. The cost of the printing of the
reports together, will be nine cents per cony.
Mr. STEPHENS. The work will be too
unwieldy for one volume, and I would inquire
whether the Committee on Printing have taken
into account the binding necessary in case of a
separation of the work into two volumes?
Mr. NICHOLS. This estimate is based upon
binding in one volume; and I say, if the book is
ordered to be printed and bound in one volume,
of the size as it appears in my hand, it will be
necessary to strengthen the usual form of binding
adopted for ordinary congressional documents,
which will increase the cost one or two cents per
eopy, which is estimated for and included in the
estimate.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. I wish to make
a susrcrestion to the gonfleman from Ohio; and that
i*, that he modify lu? motion by striking out the
