1856.
THE CONGRESSIONAL OLOfcE.
m
the resolution reported from the Committee on
Claims. The chairman of the committee, who
reported that resolution, [Mr. Brodhead,] was
not in the Senate Chamber at that time. Perhaps
I had better state now that the resolution which
he reported, and which the Senate adopted, cov-
ered three classes of claims. The act organizing
the Court of Claims provides:
" The said court shall hear and determine all claims
founded upon any law of Congress, or upon any regulation
of an executive Department, or upon any contract, express
or implied, with the Government of the United States,
which may be suggested to it by a petition filed therein."
The resolution reported by the committee on
Claims covers all these cases, but the act also in-
cludes—
" and also all claims which may be referred to said court
by either House of Congress."
Perhaps there arc some gentlemen now in the
Senate Chamber, who were not here the other day
when this question was discussed, and who do
not understand the position which I took upon
it. So far as I am concerned, representing a
large number of the claimants, it is a matter of
perfect indifference to me whether the subject
shall be referred to the Court of Claims or acted
upon by the Senate. I desire, however, to have
the question settled. If the claims shall be re-
ferred to the court, and the court determine that
they have no jurisdiction, then, of course, when
they are brought before the Senate, we shall not
meet the argument that we have refused to go be-
fore the court. As I said, when this question
was under consideration befoie, there are a class
of claimants residing in Georgia, who wish to
test the question whether the court will assume
jurisdiction over the claims or not. That point
we desire to have settled, for the obvious reason
that we wish to know whether the Court of
Claims will take jurisdiction, or whether we are
to have the claims presented and settled here. 1
offered the resolution on behalf of my friend from
Georgia, who is now absent, [Mr. Iverson.]
Mr. BRODHEAD. Mr. President, juiisdic-
tion over these cases can be conferred on the
court by the Senate, if the Senate chooses to con-
fer such Jurisdiction.
Mr. FlTZPATRICK. So I understand.
Mr. BRODHEAD. The Senator from Ala-
bama says he so understands the case. Very well.
I doubt, then, very much whether his resolution
would confer jurisdiction. The court of itself
only has jurisdiction in three classes of cases;
and in those cases we have, by a general resolu-
tion, referred to the court all the papers upon file.
Those cases arc where a claim arises under any
act of Congress, or a regulation of an executive
Department,or a contract with the Government,
whether express or implied. Now, does the hon-
orable Senator say, that in the cases to which Ins
resolution refers, the court has j'uisdiction, as
being within the three classes I have named?
Mr. FlTZPATRICK. Not at all.
Mr. BRODHEAD. Then the honorable Sen-
ator will have to change the phraseology of the
resolution, and inform the court that wc refer
these cases under the last clause of jurisdiction
mentioned in the act, and then they will be obliged
to take cognizance of them. I ask the honorable
Senator from Alabama to read the last clause of
that portion of the act conferring jurisdiction.
An examination of it will, I think, show him the :
necessity of changing the phraseology of this ,
resolution, in order to confer jurisdiction over j
those claims upon the court. According to my 1
construction of the law, wc can confer jurisdic-
tion on the court in any cases that we choo-™ to
refer to it. If the Senator from Alabama thinks
these claims should be examined, and behoves
the court has not jurisdiction to examine them
under the three first clauses named in the law,
he should so frame his resolution as to confer
jurisdiction under the lastciause conferring juris-
diction in the act.
Mr. FiTZPATPJCK. If the-Senator had
noted the phraseology of the resolution, he would
have perceived thatit refers the claims to the court
in the language of the act itself. Let the resolu-
tion be read.
The resolution was again read.
Mr. BRODHEAD. If the Senator thinks that
will confer jurisdiction, I have no objection.
Mr. FlTZPATRICK, The resolution was
drawn by the Senator from Georgia, [Mr. Iyer-
son,] and I know his design was to refer the sub-
ject to the Court of Claims, and to refer it in such
a manner as to authorize the court to assume
jurisdiction over these cases. If the Senator from
Pennsylvania thinks the phraseology is not suffi-
ciently broad to confer jurisdiction on the court,
I shall be willing to amend it to make that pur-
pose clear. If I mistake not, however, the reso-
lution uses the language of the act. The act says,
" and also all claims which.may be referred to
said court by either House of Congress." This
resolution says that these claims"" be, and the
same are hereby referred to said court."
Mr. BRODttEAD. That may bo sufficient.
Mr."FlTZPATRICK. The resolution is in
the language of the act. We ificrely wish to test
the question, whether, under a reference of this
nature, the court will consider and adjudicate the
claims.
Mr. BRODHEAD. The court is bound to
consider and adjudicate them, if wo refer them
to it.
Mr. FlTZPATRICK? I think the language
of the resolution is sufficient for that purpose. It
is in the words of the act.
Mr. FESSENDEN. 1 do not know, Mr. Presi-
dent, that! have any objection to these papers being
withdrawn and referred in the mode proposed by
the honorable Senator from Alabama, but I wish
to make a suggestion to the Senate in regard to
this subject, and it will perceive the importance
of the suggestion, I think, on referring to the lan-
guage of the act itself. The act establishing the
Court of Claims, as I read it, means to confer no
jurisdiction whatever on that court, cxccpt over
cases in which claims exist against the Govern-
ment which, if they existed against an individual,
could be enforced in a court of law or equity.
That seems to me to be the manifest intent and
construction of the act. If 1 remember its lan-
guage, it provides that the court should have
jurisdiction of the claims arising under a law of
the United States, or a regulation of an executive
department, or a contract express or implied
with the United States—thus referring to claims
I founded on contract, and carrying a le^al idea
with it, that the claim must be one which in its
nature is such that it could be enforced against a
private individual in a court of law or equity. It
appoints the Court of Claims the tribunal to hear
and adjudicate such claims.
Mr. TOOMBS. Let me state to the Senator
that some of these claims are precisely of that
class, and others are not. This is the reason why
I presume my absent colleague drew the resolu-
tion without particularly designating the specific
claims which he desired to have referred to the
court. In some of the cases, supplies wore taken
by the army from the people of Georgia and
Alabama. I know that to be the case from having
examined some of the claims in both States. One
man has a claim founded on one state of facts,
and one on a different state of facts. Some are of
the class "which the Senator from Maine is now
arguingdonot come legitimately before the Court
of Claims. Others are cases where the parties
have legal rights.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Claims^£that character
may be referred under the genero^p'der which wc
have passed.
Mr. TOOMBS. I do not think I have seen
that.
Mr. FESSENDEN. They come within the
language of that resolution which was reported
by the Committee on Claims,and has been passed
by the Senate. Now, the question which is
raised is, whether the statute provides that the
| court shall have jurisdiction only m three classes
! which it specifies. There were certain claims of
I those descriptions pendmg%efore the Senate and
! the House of Representatives at the time when
| the act was passed; and the question is, whether
! all that was meant was, that the Court of Claims
i should take cognizance of precisely those three.
| classes of cases which the act enumerates, that
! might be brought before it by petition of the
i claimants, and of such of the same classes as
j might be referred to it by cither House of Con-
i gress. My interpretation is, that those classes
! of cases might go before it from two quarters —
I from the individual claimants themselves directly
i presenting their claims to the court, or from
i cither House of Congress referring to it claims of
!1 the specified descriptions. I think so, because,
after enumerating the cases, it says simply, and
also all such claims as may be referred,.
Surely, we should not undertake to refer to the
Court of Claims a mere matter of discretion, such
as a petition to us to grant something, of grace
and favor, in what is called a hard case, or a prop-
osition for the extension of a patent. ' ft is very-
clear that the Court of Claims has no author-
ity and no discretion by which it could
that class of cases. It was not meant that "it
should have any such power. The judges of that
court cannot fix amounts, or do many things
necessary to be done with this class of claims,
and which wc may do, because we act with un-
limited discretion on the subject.
If that be the case, we can, by a proposition
of this kind, confer no jurisdiction on the court;
but we Only send them a class of cases which
will take up their time, and which will occupy
their attention to no purpose, for they must inev-
itably, from a want of power inherent in the very
nature of the court itself, be unable, after hearing,
to decide them. If they cannot act upoft these
claims from the nature of their constitution; \vfe
are buidening them with business of that descrip-
tion which it was not intended they should have,
and which they cannot act upon well and sens-
ibly. If they could do so, are we willing or are
we ready to confer that kind of discretion on
anybody but ourselves? To be sure, the matter
will come back to us to be definitively acted upon
at last, but that involves the necessity of a re-
examination. It seems to me, that we can refer
to the court no question of law, and no question
of fact as connected with the law, which appeals
to the discretion of the three gentlemen who
constitute the court. Cases involving discre-
tion alone we must reserve to ourselves. I be-
lieve it would be setting a very bad precedent for
us, or for the other House of Congress, to send
them anything which might assume to give them
a jurisdiction beyond that expressly conferred by
the statute. I do not believe we could do so; but
if we could, I think it would be very had policy
to give them jurisdiction over any cases except
those which come within the description of the
three classes mentioned originally m the act.
Mr. BRODHEAD. I do not agree to that
construction of the law.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I cannot say that it is
the true construction; I only say that it is the
part of wisdom, in my judgment, so to construe
it. The Senator from Pennsylvania undoubtedly
has his own views, as I have mine, on the sub-
ject; but, for myself, T can sec no good reason
for sending to this court a matter which they arc
to act upon without reference to any legal claim
existing, or to any facts existing on which such
a claim could be founded. The Senate,of course,
will do what they please with this resolution. I
have no feeling in the matter one way or the
other; but, as a member of the Committee on
Claims, I have thought it to be my duty to sug-
gest this view of the question to the Senate.
Mr. FlTZPATRICK. This is a question
which must be presented to the Court of Claims.
The court may determine, as the Senator from
Maine anticipates, to decline the jurisdiction; but,
as I said on a former occasion, there are many
of these claimants who may fall in the category
spoken of by my honorable friend from Georgia,
[Mr. Toombs,j over whose claims the court has
jurisdiction. There may be another class in
regard to which the court may decline exercising
jurisdiction. Some of the claimants desire to
have that question tested. Senators will perceive
at once that if we had presented a bill for the
payment of these claims without referring the
question to the court, we should be met by the
argument that we were afraid to submit the ques-
tion to their investigation and Adjudication. When
a court lias bee}) created to relieve Congress of
the. onerous task under which both Houses have
labored for so long a time in the investigation of
private claims, every Senator would be inclined to
have all matters which could be properly cogni-
zable by that court brought before it; and, there-
fore, if we should make an effort to get the claims
provided for, without having had the question
brought before the court, it would be fatal to the
claims before the Senate.
My great object in proposing to'give the claim-
ants the discretionary power of bringing their
cases to the notice of the court is, to enable all
