1856.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
m
Sidney Webster, Esq., his Private Secretary;
and, on the motion of Mr. Mason, the Senate pro-
ceeded to the consideration of executive business;
and, after some time spent therein, the doors were
reopened, and
The Senate adjourned to Monday.
V
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Thursday, January 3, 1856.
The Clerk called the House to order at twelve
o'clock, m.
The Journal ofyesterday was read and approved.
ELECTION OF SPEAKER.
Mr. MACE. I think! Mr. Clerk, that we are
all satisfied that it is of the utmost importance to
effect a speedy organization of the House, and I
have a proposition which will, I apprehend, if
adopted, accomplish that result. I trust that after
it shall have been sent to the table and been read,
it will not meet the opposition of any portion
of this House. I feel satisfied, sir, that when I
shall have referred to the precedent which has
induced me to mnkethe proposition which T pur-
pose making, my friends who have been support-
ing the gentleman from Illinois [Mr. Richard-
son] will make no objection whatever to it. I
am fearful, however, that that portion of my
friends who stand on the twelfth section of the
Philadelphia platform may be, for a time, some-
what shocked at the precedent. That portion of
the American party, or of the quasi American
party, who cannot stand on the Philadelphia plat-
form, will, I am sure, recognize the precedent as
being at least binding on them. X therefore ask
gentlemen not to make up a judgment in regard
to the resolution, until I shall have referred more
distinctly to the precedent which is the founda-
tion of it. With these remarks I send the reso-
lution to the Clerk's desk.
The resolution was read, as follows:
Resolved, That the acting Doorkeeper of the House be,
and he is heieby, required to lode all the doors loading to
this I-Iall instantcr, and to keep them securely fa-tcned until
a Speaker be elected, unless opened for the puipose ot let-
ting m absent members.
Mr. MACE. I desire that gentlemen shall pay
attention to the precedent which I have for this
resolution, and that they shall consider it as au-
thority. I do not speak, Mr. Clerk, of a legisla-
tive precedent, nor qo I speak of a modern prece-
dent. 1 speak of an ecclesiastical precedent which
arose in the thirteenth century, and which has
been binding on the distinguished body in which
it occurred from that hour to the present. 1 will
now refer to it.
In the election of a Pope to succeed Clement IV,
in the year 1268, the cardinals were nearly three
years unable to agree in the choice of a successor,
and were upon the point of breaking up, when
the magistrates, by the advice of St. Bonaventure,
shut the gates of the city, and locked up the car-
dinals in the pontifical palace till they agreed.
Now, gentlemen, all we have got to do is to
adopt this precedent; and I, for one, acknowledge
its binding authority. I am not so much of a
Know Nothing as not to do that. If that resolu-
tion, although extraordinary in its character, be
adopted, I will venture to say that the calls of
members, for one cause or another, either for
refreshments or otherwise, [laughter,] will be of
such a pressing character as to force them to
organize in the space of ten hours.
with these j-emarks, Mr. Clerk, I most respect-
fully submit the proposition. I will not call for
the previous question, because I regard this as
the turning point in the organization of the House,
and I desire to elicit all the light and all the inform-
ation which can be brought out on the subject. I
therefore trust that, inasmuch as I do not call for
the previous question, the matterwill be left open
and fully discussed.
Mr. BOYCE. I move to lay the resolution on
the table.
The motion was agreed to.
So the resolution was laid on the table.
The House proceeded to vote the eighty-seventh
time for Speaker, with the following result: "Whole
number of votes cast, 219; necessary to a choice,
110; of which—
Nathaniel P. Banks received 102
William A. .Richardson 73
He my M Fuller     33
Alexander C. M. Pennington  6
James L. Orr       1
John Williams    1
Gilchrist Porter  i
p. h Beii i
John A. Quitman   i
So there was no choice.
The following is the vote in detail:
/ For Mr. Banks—Messrs. Albright, Allison, Ball, Barbour,
* Henry Bennett, Benson, Bilhnghurst, Bingham, Bishop,
Bliss, Bradshaw, Brenton, Buffington, Burlingame, James
H. Campbell, Lewis D. Campbell, Chaffee. Ezia Clark,
dawson, Colfax, Comins, Covoae, Oragin, Cumbaek,
Damrell, Day, Dean, De Witt, Dick, Dickson, Dodd, Dur-
fee, Emrie, Flagler, Galloway, Giddings, Gilbert, Granger,
Grow. Robert B. Hall, Harlan, Hoiioway, Thomas U. Hor-
ton, \ alentine B. Horton, Howard, l-lughston, King, Knapp,
Knight, Kno\vlton,Kno.\, Kunkel,Leiter, Mace, Matteson,
McOarty, Meacham, Kiilian Millei, Morgan,Morrill, Mott,
Murray, Nichols, Norton, Andrew Oliver, Parker, Pearce,
Pelton, Pennington, Pettit, Pike, Pringle, Purviance,
Ritchie, Robbms, Roberts, Robi-on, Snbin, Sage, Sapp,
Sherman, Simmons, Spinner, Stanton, Stranahari, Tap-
pan, Thorington, Thurston, 'L odd, Trafton, Tyson, Wade,
Wakeman, Walbudge, Waldron, (Cadwalader C. Wash-
burne, Elhhu B. Wa-ihburne, Israel Washburn, Watson,
Wood, WoodiutF, and Wondwoith.
For Mr. Pdch.ardi.on — Messrs. Aiken, Allen, Barclay,
Onrksdale, Bell, Henry S Bennett, Bocock, Bowie, Boyce,
Branch, Biook , Cadwalader, Carutheis,Caskic, Chngman,
Howell Cobb, Williamson R. W. Cobb, Craige, Crawford,
Davidson, Denver, Dowdell, Edmundson, Elliott, English,
Faulkner, Florence, Thomas J. I). Fuller, Goode, Green-
wood, Augustus Hall, Sampson W. Hatris, Thomas L.
Hants, Heibert, Houston, Hickman, Jewett, George W.
Jones, J Gianey Jones, Kent, Kelly, KidwoJJ, Letcher,
Lumpkin, Samuel S. Marshall, Maxwell, McMullm, Mc-
Queen, Smith Miller, Millson, Mordeeai Oliver, Orr, Peek,
Phelps,Powell, Qmtman, Ruffin, Ru^t, Sandidge, Savage,
Shorter, Samuel A. Smith, William Smith, Stephens,
Stewart, Talbott, Taylor, Vail, Warner, Watkms, Wells,
Wmslow, and John V. Wright.
For Mr. Fvtler—Messr« Broom, John P Campbell, Bay-
ard Claik, Cox, Cullen, Henry Winter Davis, Etheridge,
Eustis,Foster,J. Morrison Harris. Hoffman,ICennett,Lake,
Lindley, Alexander K. Marshall, Humphrey Marshall, Mill-
waid, Paine, Porter, Puryear, Reade, Ready", Ricaud, Rivers,
William R. Smith, Sneed, Swopo, Tnppe, Underwood,
Valk, Walker, Whitney, and Zolhcoffei.
For Mr Pennington—Messrs?. Dunn, Edwards, Harrison,
Haven, Moore, and Scott.
For Mr. Orr—Mi. Williams.
For Mr. Wi'hanis—Mi. Wheeler.
For Mr. Quitmcrn—Mi. Evans.
For Mr. Poitcr—Nr. Henry M. Fuller.
For Mr. Bell—Mr. RichauWon.
Pending the call of the roll—
Mr. FAULKNER, said: I have been requested
by my colleague [Mr. Cariji.e] to state that he
has paired oil' for the period of a week with Mr.
Davis, of Massachusetts.
Mr. SEWARD announced that he had paired
off with Mr. Perry, of Maine.
The House then proceeded to vote the eighty-
eighth time for Speaker, with the following result:
Whole number of votes cast, 219; neccssary to
a choice, 110; of which—
Nathaniel P. Banks received 102
William A. RichaicLon  73
Henry M. Fuller   33
Alexander C. M. Pennington  6
Jaine* L. Orr    Q
John Williams  l
John A. Quitman  1
Gilchrist i'orfei  1
So there was no choice.
The following is the vote in detail:
For Mr. Banks -—Messrs. Albright, Allison, Ball, Barbour,
Henry Bennett, Benson, Biihnghur-t, Bingham, BMiop,
Bhs:>> Brad-iiaw, Brenton, BulTington, Burlingame, James
H. Campbell, Lewis I). Campbell, Chaffee, E/ra ('lark,
Claw-on, Col':ix, Comms, Covode, (Jragm, turnback,
Damreli, Day, Dean, De Witt, Dick, i on, Dodd, Dur-
fee, Enme, Flagler, Galloway, GiddmgT^xilbert, Gianger,
Grow, Robert B. Hall, Harlan, Ilolloway, Thomas It llor- I
ton, ValentineB. Ilorton,Upward,Hughston,King,Knapp, !
Knight, Knowlton, Knov, Kunkel,Leiter, Mace, Matteson, [
MeOaity, Meacham, Kilhan Miller, Moigan, Morull, Mott, ,
Murray, NiehoW, Norton, Andievv Oliver, Parker, Pearce, !
Pelton, Pennington, Pettit, Pike, Prmgle, Purvianee,
Ritchie, Bobbins, Roberta, Robison, Sabi'n, Sage, Sapp, ,
Sherman. Simmons, Spmnci, Stun ton, Stranahan.Tnpp.iu, [
Tlionnjrton, Thiir.-ton, Todd, Tiaflon,T>>on, Wakeman, ;
Walbudge, Waldron, Cadwalader C. Wa^ibume, Elhhu ;
B. Waahburne, I-iacl Washburn, Wats on, Wood, Wood- |
ruff, and Woodwosth. ]
For Mr. Rvhanhon — Messr# Aiken, Allen, Barclay, ;
Barksdale, Bell, Henry S. Bennett, Bocock, Bowie Boyce, .
Brancit, Brooks, Cadwalader, Caruther-, Caskie,<'lingman, j
Howell Cobb, Williamson R. W. Cobb, Ciawford, Da-
vidson, Denver, Dowdell, Edmundson, Elliott, English, i
Faulkner, Flosciu'e, Thomas J D. Fuller, Goode, Green- |
wood, Augustus Hall, Samp on W. Ha ri«s, Thomas L.
Harris, Heibert, Hickman, Houston, Jewett, George W.
Jones, J. Glancy Jones, Keitt, Kelly, Kidwell, fjeteher, '
Lumpkin, Samuel S Marshall, Maxwell, McMulhn, Mc-
Queen, Smith Miller, Millson, Mordeeai Oliver, Orr, Peck, '
Phelps,Powell, Quitman, Ruffin, Rust,Sandidge, Savace, 1
Shorter, Samuel A. Smith, William Smith, Stephens,
Stewart, Talbott, Taylor, Vail, Warner, Watkms, Wells.,
Window, and John V. Wiurht. ]
For Mr. Fuller—Messrs. Broom, John P. Campbell, Bay- ,
ard Clark, Cox, Cullen, Henry Winter Davi?, Ethoudge, !
EusUs, Foster, J. Morrison Harris, Kennett, Lake, Lind- :
ley, Alexander K. Marshall, Humphrey Marshall, Mill ward, >
Paine, Porter, Puryear, Reade, Ready, Ricaud, Rivers,
William R. Smith, Sneed, Swope, Tnppe, Underwood,
Valk, Walker, Whitney, and Zolhcoffer.
For Mr. Pennington—Messrs. Dunn, Edwards, Harrison,
Haven, Moore, and Scott.
For Mr. Orr—Messrs. Williams and Richardson.
For Mr. Williams—Mr. Wheeler.
For Mr. Quitman—Mi. Evans.
For Mr. Porter—Mr. Henry M. Fuller.
The House proceeded to vote the eighty-ninth
time for Speaker, with the following. result:
Whole number of votes cast, 219; necessary to a
choice, 110; of which—
Nathanial P. Banks received    .302
William A. Richardson   73
Henry M. Fuller    33
AlexanderC.M. Pennington.......  6
Jame* L. Orr   S
John Williams     1
Gilchrist Porter  1
John A. Quitman    l
So there was no choice.
The following is the vote in detail:
For Mr. Banks —Messrs. Albright, Allison, Barbour,
Henry Bennett, Ben«on, Billinghurst, Bingham, Bishop,
Bliss, Biadshaw, Bienton, Buffington, Burlingame, James
H. Campbell, Lewis D. Campbell, Chaffee, Ezra Clark,
Clawson, Colfax, Comins, Covode,Cragin,Cumbaek, Dam-
reli, Day, Dean, De Witt, Dick, Dickson, Dodd, Durfee,
Emne, Flagler, Galloway, Giddings, Gilbert, Granger,
Giow, Robert B. Hall, Harlan, Hoiioway,Thomas R. Hor-
ton, Valentine B. Horion, Howard, * Hughston, King,
Knapp, Knight, Knowlton. Knox, Kunkel, Leiter, Mace,
Matteson, McCait), Meaclmm, Kiilian Miller, Morgan,
Morrill, Mott, Murray, Nichols, Norton, Andrew Oliver,
Paiker, Pearce, Pelton, Pennington, Pettit, Pike, Pringle,
Purviance, Ritchie, Robbins, Roberts, Robison, Sabm, Sgge,
Sapp, Sherman, Simmons, Spinner, Stanton, Stranahan,
Tappan, Thonngton, Thurston, Todd, Trafton, Tyson,
Wade, Wakeman, Walhridge, Waldron, Cadwalader C.
Waahburne, Ellibu B. Wa-hburne, Israel Washburn, Wat-
son, Welch, Wood, Woodruff, and Woodv\prth
For Mr. Richardson— Messrs. Aiken, Allen, Barclay,
Barksdale, Bell, Hemv S. Bennett, Bocock, Bowie, Boyce,
Bianch, Brooks, Cadwalader, Caruther^, Caskie, Cling-
man, Howell Cobb, Williamson R. W. Cobb, Craige,
Crawford, Davidson, Denver, Dowdell, Edmundson, El-
Leteher, Lumpkin, Samuel S. Marshall,Maxwell, McMul-
hn, McQueen, Smith Miller, Million, Mordeeai Oliver,
Orr, Peek, Phelps, Powell, Quitman, Ruifin, Ru^t, San-
didge, Savage, Shoiter, Samuel A. Smith, William Smith,
Stephens, Stewait, Talbott, Taylor, Vail, Warner, Wat-
kms, Well«, Winslow, arid John V. VVnght.
For Mr. Fuller — Messrs. Bioom, John P. Campbell, Bay-
ard Clark, Cox, Cullen, Henry Winter Davis, Etbcridge,
Eintis, Fo ter, J. Morrison Harris, Hoffman, Kennett,
Lake, Lindley, Alexander K. Marshall, Humphrey Mar-
shall, Millwaid, Paine, Porter, Puryear, Reade, Ready,
Rie.ind, River*, William R Smith, Sneed, Swope, Trippe,
Underwood, Valk, Walker, Whitney, and Zolhcoffer.
For Mr. Pennington — Messrs. Dunn, Edwards, Harri-
son, Haven, Moore, and Scott.
For Mr. Orr—Messrs. Richardson and Williams.
For Mr. Williams—Mr. Wheeler.
For Mr. Porter—Mr. Henry M. Fuller.
For Mr. Quitman—Mr. Evans.
Mr. WALKER. I rise for the purpose of
offering a resolution, in the hope of facilitating
the organization of the House. We have been
engaged in, thus far, wholly ineffectual efforts to
obtain that end. It is known to the House and
the country that such have been the facts. Jt is
known here and elsewhere what are the obstacles
in the way uf effecting that organization, and the
whole is resolved into this simple truth—that party
feeling on all sides of this House is so fixed as
to have thus far prevented anything like a coop-
eration and a union between the conservative
elements of the body. On one side, sir, we have
seen presented a large, firm body, under the name
of the Republican party, uniformly casting their
suffrages for a distinguished gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts [Mr. Banks,] and solely on a great sec-
tional question. In another portion of the House,
we see what the press of the country has termed
" the immortal seventy-four, "renderingtheir sup-
port for a distinguished gentleman from the State
of Illinois, [Mr. Richardson.] predicating their
support for that gentleman ujron his identity with
a well-known political measure. We know that
there is a third and still smaller party here, com-
posed, as we believe, of men eminently conserva-
tive in their political opinions, of men desirous
of effecting such an organization here as shall
insure good order and decorum in this body, as
shall insure everywhere, as far as the presiding
officer of this body can have the power of insur-
ing it, a strict observance of all the obligations
of the great organic law of the land. Thus far,
as I have said, these barriers have risen, day after
day, against bringing about a good and healthful
organization.
