APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
129
34th Cong.... 1st Sess.
Slavery in the Territories—Mr. Cadwalader.
Ho. op Reps.
the purpose of making it a free State. The gen-
tleman from Missouri tells us that the ruling prin-
ciple which prompted men to go to Kansas, was
freedom for the African. Well, sir, I confess,
in my own heart, I have some sympathy with
the African, bound and enslaved as he is, and sold
in the market, often from his own wife and
children, but I have more for the white man.
Slavery is a curse to the white man as well as to the
slave. But with slavery in Missouri I have noth-
ing to do. I do not wish to interfere withit there.
You are responsible for it there. But, in Kansas, I
have something to do, and I will therefore inter-
fere. The men who went there desired to make In-
dianas and Ohiosof the Territories of Kansas and
Nebraska. Their object was to guaranty to their
childrenand their children'schildren the blessings
of free labor and free institutions. They wanted to
transmit to their children the same rights which
our patriotic fathers transmitted to us in the north-
west, by the ordinance of 1787. Ay, this doc-
trine is sectional now. Why ? South Carolina,
Massachusetts, New York, and Virginia will not
now stand upon the same platform that they did
then. That was in the better days of the Repub-
lic. That was when Jefferson, and such men,
legislated for the country. If it has become sec-
tional, who made it so ? It has not been made so
by our leaving the doctrines of our fathers. You
have seceded from it and claim to be wiser than
they. .
But the gentleman from Missouri closes his
argument by asking this question: "Who will
vote for this investigation?" Let me rather ask
him, who will vote against it? Rather let me ask
where is the man who will stand up in this Hall
and say he will not vote for a full and free inves-
tigation of all the facts connected with this Kansas
matter? For my own part, I say I will vote for
it. I want all the facts of this case developed,
that the country may see who is wrong and who
is right. Truth never shrinks from investigation.
Mr. Speaker, I did not intend, at this time, to
say as much as I have said. I rose merely to
correct some statements made by my friend from
Missouri, [Mr. Oliver,] who has just spoken in
reference to the original enactment of the Missouri
compromise, and to ask that gentleman what
right—if the proceedings in Kansas were even
irregular—had Missouri to interfere ? Who made
Missouri the protector of Kansas, and the power
to be consulted as how often and how many
men shall emigrate to Kansas to secure free insti-
tutions to Kansas? If those persons went to
Kansas, and voted irregularly and without rights,
which I wholly deny, it was the duty of the gov-
ernment of Kansas to punish any irregularities
committed by these men. That was not the duty
of Missouri, any more than it was the duty of In-
diana. The legislation of the Territory of Kansas
is not in any way connected with the legislation
of Missouri.
But if that Legislature which made the law
under which General Whitfield was elected, was
elected by residents of the State of Missouri, was
the spawn of fraud and violence, let us remove
the veil and show the country the origin from
which emanated this law. Let the country know
how it was that a body of men was chosen who
have enacted a code more bloody than the laws
of Draco—more at war with the rights of men—
than ever emanated from the throne of the most
absolute despotism; more disgraceful to our re-
publican Government than anything that has
occurred since its formation. Who will vote to
refuse inquiry into these things ? We will see.
The following are specimens of the legislation
of the Territory of Kansas:
Kansas Slave Code.
AN ACT to punish offenses against slave property.
Be it enacted by the Governor and. Legislative Assembly of
the Territory of Kansas, That every person, bond or free,
who shall be convicted of actually raising a rebellion or in-
surrection of slates, free negroes, or mulattoes, in thisTer- ]
ritory, shall suffer death.
•" * ******
Sec. XI. If any person print, write, introduce Into, or
publish or circulate, or cause to be brought into, printed,
written, published, or circulated, or shall knowingly aid or
assist in bringing into, printing, publishing, or circulating
within this Territory, any book, paper, pamphlet, magazine,
handbill, or circular, containing any statements, arguments,
opinion, sentiment,doc trine, advice, or innuendo, calculated
New Series—No. 9
to produce a disorderly, dangerous, or rebellious disaffection
among the slaves in this Territory, or to induce such slaves
to escape from the service of their masters, or to resist their
authority, shall be guilty of a felony, and be punished by
imprisonment at hard labor for a term not less than five
years.
Sec. 12. If any free person, by speaking or writing,
assert or maintain that persons have not the right to hold
slaves in this Territory, or shall introduce into this Terri-
tory, print, publish, write, circulate, or cause to be intro-
duced into this Territory, written, printed, published, or
circulated in this Territory any book, paper, magazine,
pamphlet, or circular containing any denial of the right of
persons to hold slaves in this Territory, such person shall
be deemed guilty of felony, and punished by imprisonment
at hard labor for a term not less than two years.
Sec. 13. No person who is conscientiously opposed to
holding slaves, or who does not admit the right to hold
slaves in this Territory, shall sit as a juror on the trial of
any prosecution for any violation of any of the sections of
this act.
This act to take effect and be in force from and after the
5th day of September, A. D. 1855.
J. H. STRINGFELLOW,
: Speaker of the House.
Attest: J. M. Lyle, Clerk.  
THOMAS JOHNSON,
President of the Council.
! Attest: J. A. Haldeman, Clerk.
AN ACT to punish persons decoying slaves from their
masters.
Be it enacted by the Governor and Legislative Assembly
of Kansas Territory, If any person shall entice, decoy, or
carry away out of this Territory, any slave belonging to
another, with intent to deprive the owner thereof of the
services of such slave, or with intent to effect or procure
the freedom of such slaves, he shall be adjudged guilty of
grand larceny, and on conviction thereof shall suffer death.
Sec. 3. If any person shall aid or assist in enticing, de-
coying, or persuading, or carry awty, or sending out of this
Territory, any slave belonging to another with intent to pro-
cure or effect the freedom of such slave, or with intent to
deprive the owner thereof of the services of such slave, he
shall be adjudged guilty of grand larceny, and on conviction
thereof shall suffer death.
Sec. 3. If any parson shall entice, decoy, or carry away
out of any State or other Territory of the United States,
any slave belonging to another, with intent to procure or
effect the freedom of such slave, or to deprive the owner
thereof of the services of such slave, and shall bring such
slave into this Territory, he shall be adjudged guilty of grand
larceny, in the same manner as if such slave had been en-
ticed, decoyed, or carried away out of this Territory; in
such case the larceny may be charged to have been com-
mitted in any county of this Territory into or through which
such slave shall have been brought by such person, and on
conviction thereof, the person offending shall suffer death.
LEGISLATION OF THE UNITED STATES UPON
SLAVERY IN THE TERRITORIES.
SPEECH OF HON. J. CADWALADER,
OF PENNSYLVANIA,
Iv the House of Representatives,
March 5, 1856.
The House being in the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union, and having under consideration the
President's Annual Message,
Mr. CADWALADER said:
Mr. Chairmax: 1 avail myself of this occasion
to reply to the remarks of the gentleman from
my own State [Mr. Grow] who last addressed
the House. His remarks deserve the particular
consideration of those who, like myself, differ
altogether from him in opinion. He is one of
the few members of the present Congress from
the State of which I am a citizen, who do not on
this floor misrepresent their constituents. Other
members from the same State who here act
with him are the'' Representatives of districts
which, since they were elected, have, by over-
whelming votes, unequivocally condemned the
! political views which they still profess to sustain.
1 On a former occasion, shortly after I took my seat
j in this Congress, I stated and explained the causes
' and modes of those deceptive artifices through
; which opposing political elements had been com-
1 bined in their respective districts for the temporary
defeat of the Democracy. I am therefore now re-
lieved from the necessi ty of recapitulating tlie e
details. I have the honor to represent a district in
| which, through Democratic organization, these
combinations were happily defeated in the outset.
Representing such a constituency, I rejoice that,
as I rise to address the House in opposition to my
colleague's animadversions upon the President's
views on the subject of congressional legislation
upon slavery in the Territories, a communication
by telegraph is received announcing that the
Pennsylvania Democratic Convention, now in
session at Harrisburg, have unanimously declared
their approval of the President's views of the
subject, and have in decisive terms indorsed and
approved the act of the last Congress by which
the territorial governments of Kansas and Ne-
braska were organized. It requires no prophetic
spirit to predict with confidence that, when the
vote of Pennsylvania in the approaching presi-
dential contest shall have been counted, the ma-
jority by tens of thousands in favor of the can-
didate of the Democracy will prove the sincerity
of her devotion to the constitutional rights of our
brethren of the slaveholding States.
For another and much more important reason,
the remarks of the same gentleman [Mr. Grow]
ought now to receive particular consideration.
This House is organized under an anti-Democratic
majority, whose shortlived influence, ifit were not
already extinct, could not long survive certain re-
cent suicidal measures of the combined factions of
which it is composed. But, notwithstanding the
present or future external annihilation of these
factions, the action of this House during this Con-
gress will necessarily receive its direction, in a
greater or less degree, from its internal organiza-
tion, which has unhappily been dependent upon
this influence. Now, the gentleman [Mr. Grow!
occupies through this influence the responsible and
influential position of chairman of the Committee
on Territories. The future organization of terri-
torial governments on this continent is, in my
humble opinion, at this crisis, the most important
subject of congressional consideration. As the
chairman of this committee has assumed upon
himself the office of opening the debate on the
President's message, and has thought proper to
select as the subject of his remarks that portion
of the message which relates to the territorial gov-
ernments established by the last Congress,we have
ajust right to measure his views by such a standard
I as may determine whether their extension is pro-
j portional to the magnitude and importance of tho
functions of the committee of whose views he has
; been constituted the exponent.
In defining the functions of this committee we
naturally regard, first, the extension of our whole
! country, and next, that of the Territories. The
superficial area of the United States, according to
the latest geographical compilations, is more than
three and a third millions of square miles. There
I are some errors in that computation; but the actual
area is probably not less than three and a quarter
i millions of square miles. Of that area, less than
one half has been organized into States. Of the
thirty-one existing States, two, Texas and Cali-
fornia, cannot be regarded as permanently organ-
i ized. Within the restricted boundaries of Texas,
' as truncated on the north and on the west with
her own consent in 1850, her present area is, per-
haps, not much less than 300,000 square miles.
By the legislation of 1850 her territory is divisible
int6 five States, as it was before her limits were
thus narrowed. By the same ratio California will
be divided into at least three States, fhus, there
are only twenty-nine States whosj organization
can be regarded as permanently completed. These
twenty-nine States include less than one third of
the extent of our whole country. Beyond their
limits, we have, including Texas and California,
a territorial extension of more than two millions
of square miles, out of which certainly more than
thirty, and perhaps as many as forty, or more,
States ought hereafter to be organized.
This brief statement may give some idea of
the magnitude and importance of the proper func-
tions of the Committee on Territories of this and
succeeding Congresses. When we look forward
to the future extension of our population, must
we not shudder at the probable effect of the agita-
tion which such arguments as those of the chair-
man of the present committee have a tendency to
grovoke? Can we hope to organize Territorial or
tate governments under a disturbed state of feel-
ing, such as his arguments would engender? It
would be impossible. We are soon to be divided
into sixty, or more probably seventy States, if
the normal conditions of our country's prog-
ress can be fulfilled. These conditions of our
progress, and of its attendant happiness and pros-
perity, cannot be fulfilled unless the legislation on
the subject of slavery in the Territories is to be
regulated under the Constitution with a due regard
to the rights and interests of the slaveholding
