1740
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 24,
deliver the article on shipboard, they will provide
all the facilities in a reasonable time, and not say
to the purchaser, "Go there and take so much,
and give us an account of it;" the consequences
of which would be that there would not be suffi-
cient facilities afforded for delievery.
In drawing the amendment which X propose to
submit, I have taken the words,'to a certain extent,
of the amendment proposed by the Senator from
Virginia, [Mr. Hunter,] and made it a grant at
the pleasure of Congress. It has been suggested
to me, however, that it is rather dangerous to put
it in that shape; for if you once make a grant to
persons to be resumed by Congress at pleasure,
experience has shown that Congress will never
resume it; that influences can always be brought
to bear here, be tliecircumstances what they may,
to prevent such a resumption. For this reason,
it has been suggested that the better course would
be to fix a term of years, and then, if at the end
of that term the parties have not been remuner-
ated, let them come here for renewal."
I have put in my amendment a price which I
feel satisfied will do; but I am not strenuous about
it, for I have no reliance on my own judgment on
such a matter. I have also taken the language
of which I have spoken; but about neither am I
particular. If, however, the Senate think it better
on consideration to change these provisions—for
instance, to increase the price to any larger
amount, or, instead of having a provision that the
grant shall be during the pleasure of Congress, to
fix a definite term of years—I am willing to sub-
mit. It is for the Senate to judge on these points.
I send the amendment, which I propose in lieu of
the second section, to the Chair.
I desire also (and I suppose I should make this
motion firsf) to strike out a portion of the first
section, which seems to me to be perfectly un-
meaning, and which ought to be stricken ouf. I
move to strike out in the tenth, eleventh, and
twelfth lines, these words:
For the use and bohoof of such discoverer or discov-
erers, or of their assigns, being citizens of the United
States.
The United States ought not to hold an island
of this kind when discovered for the use and
behoof of anybody. They hold it as their own;
but in consideration of the discovery and certain
things to be done, they grant the exclusive right
to use it to particular persons.
Mr. MASON. I do not think it is a matter of
any moment whether those words are left in the
first section or stricken out. These guano islands,
it is well understood, have no value 111 the world
except for the deposit on them—what has been
put there by the birds. The bill provides that,
when that deposit is removed, if it ever shall be,
the title of the United States shall cease, and the
island be abandoned; so that the words which
the Senator pi opuses to strike out are words only
intending to show that the right to remove the
guano shall belong to the discoverers under such
restraints as the United States may impose.
Mr. FESSENDEN. We authorize the Gov-
ernment to take possession of the island. If these
words were left in the bill, " for the use and
behoof of the discoverer or discoverers, or of
their assigns, being citizens of the United States,"
and it should become advisable at any time to
retrace our steps in regard to the contract, on
being satisfied that the parties had been remuner-
ated, should we not continue still to hold it for
the use and behoof of the discoverers? Prob-
ably we should be unable, without further legis-
lation, to throw it open to the inhabitants of the
United States generally; because by the terms
authorizing possession to be taken, it was solely
lor that purpose, " for the use and behoof of the
discoveiers," and yet the bill provides that they
shall hold only during the pleasure of Congress.
Mr. MASON. I have never contemplated,
whether the guano lasts only ten years, or fifty
years, or a hundred years, that the United States
would take from the discoverers what this bill is
intended to give them—a right to the material
there, subject to such restraints and regulations
as the United States may impose. I have no ob-
jection, however, to the words being stricken out.
Though it will leave the bill as it is now, giving i
the discoverers only the right to the guano, I shall 1
not oppose the amendment. j
Mr. SEWARD. I do not myself attach any I
great importance to these words. Still, as the bill 1
frames a system in relation to these islands, I
think it might be imperfect if the words were
stricken out. 1 beg leave to suggest to the hon-
orable Senatorfrom Maine, forms consideration,
whether a modification of the section in this form
would not answer his purpose: to insert words to
make it read:
" Said island, rock, or key, may, at the discretion of the
President of the United States, be considered as appertain-
ing to the United States for the use and behoof of such dis-
coverer or discoverers, or their assigns, being citizens of the
United States, to the extent herein mentioned, and no
further."
That modification would show that their title
goes no further than th'e bill provides. It would
leave the symmetry of the bill better, and it seems
to me would carry out the object as effectually.
Mr. FESSENDEN. If these words are to
remain in the bill, I should desire to have that
modification made; but it seems to me that the
words are a little more than unnecessary. In the
first place, they are calculated to convey an idea
which we do not mean to convey in fact. We
do not mean—certainly I do not desire that the
idea shall be conveyed, by this bill, to take pos-
session of these islands for the use of anybody
but the people of the United States, just as any
other Government takes possession of an unknown
country for the benefit of its people. I do not
wish the idea held out that these parties acquire
any rights in consequence of our Government
taking possession. I would, however, go so far
as to secure to them the undisputed and exclu-
sive use of these islands under the authority of
the United States, against all the world, for such
time as Congress may think proper. Surely,
this is all they ought to ask, and I do not see
why anything more should be required.
Mr. MASON. I wish first to hear read the
amendment which the Senator from Maine laid
on the table, and intends to offer as a substitute
for the second section.
The Secretary read it, as follows:
That tho said di-eovcior or diocoveieio, or his or their
assigns, being citizens of the United States, may be allowed,
at the plea^uie of Oongic<s, the exclusive right of occupy-
ing said islands, locks, or kej s, for the puipoM1 ot obtaining
said guano, and of selling and deliveung the same to citi-
zens of the United States-, t'or the purpose of being used
therein; and may he allowed to ehaige and leeeive for
cvciy ton thereof delivered alongside a vessel in proper
mix, within leaeh of the ship's tackle, a sum not (Acced-
ing live dollars per ton for the best quality: Provided, how-
ever, That no guano shall he taken honi said inland, rock,
or key, except loi the u^o of citizens of the United States,
and of person1-! resident theiein, as afoicsaid: Jlnd piovidcd
also, That said di^eoverei or di-eovereis, or ins or their
assigns, shall first entei into bonds, with such penalties or
secmities n- maybe rrqimed by the Pie<-ident, to deliver
the slid cuano to nti/.en-. of the United States, tor the pur-
pose ot being u-ed thoiem, and to none othcis, and at the
pnoes aforesaid, and to piovidc tho neccssaiy laoilmes tor
that puipo.-e within a time to bo fixed in said bond; and
any bieach of the proviMons thereof shall be taken and
deemed a fnrfcittue of all lights acciumg under and by
viitne of tins act.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The first ques-
tion is on the amendment of the Senator from
Maine to the first section, striking out the words
which he has named.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. FESSENDEN. An amendment ought to
be ma&e in the fourth section, to strike out after
" aforesaid,'' the words, " for the said discoverer
or discoverers or assigns, or for the United
States." I
Mr. MASON. Will the Secretary be good '
enough to lead the section as it will be if the j
words be stricken out ? I
The Secretary read, as follows: |
" Sfo. 'I. hr ?7 ftn'her enact r<1, That nothing in this i
act shall be consulted oblnjatoiy on the United States to j
letam possession of tlv* inlands, rock«, 01 keys a< afoies.nd, '
after the guano shall have been removed Irom the same." '
The amendment was agreed to. i
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The question ,
now is on the amendment of the Senator from ,
Maine to the second section. ;
Mr. MASON. The principal object of the :
amendment which is now before the Senate is to >
reduce the price of this guano at the island, from ■
that contained in the bill, and to leave it with the
company alone to deliver it. Now, sir, I agree ■
with that Senator perfectly, in a disposition to put
the price of the guano to the consumer as low as
possible, having a due regard to a fair and liberal
remuneration to the discoverers of the island, and :
those who are to work it. If I could be satisfied i
that five dollars a ton would make them that!
remuneration, I should cheerfully concur with the
amendment, and would leave it as the amendment
proposes to leave it, obligatory on the company
to deliver the guano on board ship. Butiny fear
is'that, if we cut too closely in this matter, it will
dull the edge of enterprise and discovery in such
a way as to frustrate the hopes we now have of
getting these additional supplies of guano.
The honorable Senator has said correctly that
the material will cost nothing. It will be there,
subject to be taken by the discoverers, under
the security of this act of Congress. The greatest
cost is the expense of getting it, and the expense
of labor. My strong impression is derived from
what I have heard of the difficulties, and the
great and serious embarrassments attending the
procuring and furnishing of labor at the Chincha
Islands — that when they come to furnish the
labor on these islands it will be found infinitely
difficult, and will compel those who are to work
hese islands to pay immense prices to get labor.
In the first place, these islands are some two
thousand miles distant from the nearest habitable
land, in the midst of the Pacific, and near the
equator. In the next place, it is certain that the
islands themselves produce nothing. They have
neither wood, nor water, nor vegetable products
of any description, so that everything consumed
must be taken there. The water must be taken;
the fuel must taken; all the materials of every kind
and description for structures must be taken; and
all the provisions must be taken there of every
kind for the consumption of those who -work.
Then, this work is to be done in that hot, unre-
lenting climate, under the burning sun, without
other protection than can be extended to them by
artificial structures, and they are required to labor
in the most odious and disagreable material that
can be imagined.
I have seen, what may have attracted the at-
tention of Senators in tho course of their miscel-
laneous reading, that at the Chincha Islands, the
Government of Peru has found it impracticable
to supply labor for those islands from the ad-
jacent coast, and has resorted at last, as the whole
world seems now to be resorting, Abolitionists
and all, to the great hordes of China, for the un-
fortunate Coolies, and has been driven at last to
bring ship loads of Coolies under pretenses to
labor on the Chincha Islands; and that the poor
creatures, in their despair and distress, have com-
mitted suicide as a constant practice, and thrown
themselves into the sea to avoid the lash of their
taskmasters and the odious and detestable work
to which they were put in collecting this material.
I suspect, therefore, that if we obtain possession
of these islands, we shall find the greatest diffi-
culty in getting labor at all, and maintaining it
after it is there. If such be the truth, the neces-
sary result must be, that the cost of labor will
far excel the almost fictitious sums that were paid
in California for labor, on the first realization of
our possession of gold there.
Then, if it shall so result, and this companyis
limited to five dollars a ton, and finds it imprac-
ticable to deliver the article at that price, the con-
sequence will be that there will be no delivery;
and before we can get the necessary legislation
here again, if we can ever get it, to enable them
to go to work, the thing will have become stale;
it will very probably have passed into other
hands; our people will have been discouiaged;
other nations will take hold of it, and they will
reap those profits which arc now so important to
us. I should apprehend these results if we cut
too closely m limiting the profits which the com-
pany shall receive for this work. I do not know
the proper price; it is all conjecture. I remem-
ber that one honorable Senator with whom Icon-
versed on this subject endeavored to form some
judgment of the probable cost of delivering this
guano, from the price of delivering coal here in
our markets; but I cannot conceive a mote utterly
fallacious standard than for one to attempt to
measure his judgment by a comparison of that
kind, for the reason which I have assigned.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Allow mo to ask the
honorable Senator a question, as he has inves-
tigated this matter. 1 am anxious myself to fix
asum thatwillamplyremunerate the discoverers,
and make it an object worthy of enterprise and
peril. My doubt, however, was founded on a
calculation of my own. What I wish to ask the
Senator is, whether any calculations were shown
