14©
THE'- CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January S,
" The time has come, sir, when the country is
demanding that we should do something more
than waste our time and the general treasury in
these unavailing efforts; and I trust that the reso-
lution which I now offer may receive the sanc-
tion of a majority of this body. I have cast my
eye over the entire House. I have taken as a
candidate for the Speakership a gentleman not
entirely identified with any of the parties now
arrayed against each other in this country—a man
of high character; a man of unquestioned mark
and ability; a man of singular firmness of pur-
pose, a man having that rare independence of
spirit which moves him in high party times,
although temporarily acting with a great party of
the land, to rise in his place on this floor, and to
truthfully and manfully indicate to the House
and the country his desire and his wish that we
should organize with the union and conservative
elements of the House; a man called, it is true, a
Democrat, but one who has said here that he does
not claim to belong to that party in the strict
technical and party sense of the term, butlhathe
acts with that party because of a general coinci-
dence and harmony of opinion; a man who has
said that he was not m the caucus which nomin-
ated the gentleman from Illinois, [Mr. Richard-
son;] that he had nothing to do with that caucus;
that he refused to go into it; that his support of
that gentleman was not the result of any more
party inclination on his part,<#ut a support ren-
dered because he knew and felt that the gentle-
man from Illinois was sound on what he con-
ceived to be the great ruling question of the day.
Wow, sir, it is known that for weeks past I have,
day after day, steadily and unflinchingly given my
suffrage for a distinguished gentleman f'iom the
State of Pennsylvania, [Mr. Henry M. Fuller.]
I have seen and felt for days past, that it is be-
yond my power, and the power of the small body
of men with whom it has been my honor to
act, to carry out our. wishes, and to put hiin in
that chair; and if 1 now withdraw my support
from lum, I take this occasion to say that it is in
nowise from any distrust that I have either as
to his competency or his patriotism; but it is
nothing but the result of conviction of my mind
that we have not the ability to place him where
we desire.
Mr. Clerk, I have said far more than I designed;
and 1 have risen merely for the purpose of making
one more effort to bring about the organization
of this House on a sound and true basis, by taking
a man not obnoxious as a mere party man—a
man standing somewhat by himself, and on his
own independence. I hold in my hand a resolu-
tion, which is in these words:
Regnal, VlKit tile Hon. Wiu,iui W. Boyce, of South
Carolina, l)o doulart'd the Spuukur of this House.
I offer it in the same spirit that induced me, on
the JHth of last month, to suggest to this House
that there should bo a conference of the conserva-
tive elements of all parties to be called and held,
in the hope and for the purpose, if possible, of
bringing about and insuring a proper organiza-
tion of this body. In the same spirit, I now offer ;
the resolution. What its fate may be here, I ;
cannot tell; but, sir, it is made in good faith; and
for one I shall render the gentleman named a
cheerful and ready support, because it is due to 1
him as a man and a politician. I think that it ,
holds out the promise of a result which is so much
desired by all good men. I
Mr. GALLOWAY. Mr. Clerk, I move to ;
amend that resolution by striking out the name !
of the gentleman from South "Carolina, [Mr. i
Boyce,] and to insert in lieu thereof the name of i
the gentleman from Massachusetts, [Mr. Banks.]
Mr. CAD WALADEP^. I rise to a point of
Older. I hold that the amendment is not in or-
der. #
Mr. FLORE2\ CE. Yes, sir, the purpose which ,
the gentleman from Alab axna [Mr. Walkeii] had ,
in view is somewhat departed from. [Laughter.1 i
The CLERK. The Clerk thinks that the
amendment is in order. i
Mr. GALLOWA Y. Mr. Clerk, 1 am as much i
disposed to be conciliatory as any other mam con j
pretend to be, but I like to be conciliatory on !
principle. I have some doubts in regard to terms I
which have been freely used in this House, which i
I desire to have explained before I can vote for I
any resolution such as has been proposed by the !
gentleman from Alabama, [Mr. Walker.] The :
gentleman very courteously informed this House,
m his^ designation of the different parties, that
there is a large .party in this House that is acting
on a sectional principle. There are two other
parties that are more respectable, which he char-
acterizes by the term national.
Mr. WALKER. The gentleman misunder-
stands me.
Mr. GALLOWAY. Conservative, then.
Mr. WALKER. I used no such terms as the
gentleman attributes to me.
Mr. GALLOWAY. The inference is irresist-
ible, that if one is sectional the other is something
else. What that something else is, has been dis-
tinctively and disagreeably indicated by many
gentlemen on this floor. We have heard the term
national again and again. Now I am a native
of this country, and I claim to be a descendant of
the men who shovted their nationality by life and
labors for the cause of freedom, and I always had
an impression that the great element of nationality
in our country was freedom. I supposed iha.tthat
was a cardinal object of the noble men that framed
the Constitution. In the preamble of that instru-
ment, as I understand, they declared that their
object was to form a more perfect union, to pro-
mote the general welfare, and to secure to them-
selves and their posterity the blessings of liberty.
And it does no t appear, among the patriotic objects
set forth in that preamble, that they had any idea
of a certain element of nationality which has re-
cently arisen in this country. They had before
them, as the great, prominent object of their effort,
the preservation and perpetuation of freedom.
We hold that to bo the great element of nation-
ality at the present time; and so, without intend-
ing to prejudice those who differ from us, we
hold as the great purpose of our efforts at this
time in attempting to organize this House, that
same element of freedom; and wherever wo go,
in any part of this land, when we are interrogated
as to what is the great element of our nationality,
we say, as the fathers of the Constitution did,
that it is to secure to ourselves and to posterity
the blessings of liberty.
Mr. ALEXANDER K. MARSHALL. Nig-
ger posterity ?
Mr. GALLOWAY. Well, sir, I have none of
that sort; but I should very much dislike to vouch
for others on this floor. [Long-continued roars of
laughter.] I say that, wherever wo go, we can
hold up this element of nationality to the world.
If, for example, a gentleman should go from this
highly-favored land, crowned with the blessings of
liberty, to other lands, anil should travel through
England, or Austria, or Russia, and should be
asked what his clement of nationality is, he would
reply freedom, and it would bo understood; but
if, oil the other hand, ho should answer that sla-
very is the fundamental principle of our nation-
ality, they would reply that that has been the
foundation clement of the nationality of all the
despotisms that have crushed humanity in all
parts of the world. I say, then, Mr. Clerk, that
we are the men who hold and maintain a great
distinctive element of nationality, by which we
may be known throughout, the world; and it does
not come within attractive grace from any gen-
tleman in tlu^louse to charge upon us section-
alism, when we base our efforts upon the same
great cardinal principles i^ion which were based
the efforts of the men wuo secured to us the
blessings of libcity.
1 do not propose to go into an argument to
show that wo are traveling in the footsteps of
those " illustrious predecessors." I rose merely
to repel the insinuation—ay, not the insinuation,
but the direct charge, that the gentlemen who are
my coadjutors in thisymrt of the House are sec-
tionaim then-views, ixgaui and again have we been
mot in this House by the charge, of Abolitionism.
What do these gentlemen mean by " Abolition-
ism?" Is then idea upon that subject as indis-
tinct and undefmable as their peculiar element of
nationality? If they mean by Abolitionism the
non-extension of slavery into territory that is now
free, v/e are Abolitionists, as were the gallant
founders of our Republic. But if they mean by
it the breaking down of the distinctions of caste,
deranging social order, or disturbing the true do-
mestic relations, gentlemen, we present ourselves
as clean on that whole subject, and let those who
are as untarnished as we are say so upon this
floor. I am willing, as ®nc of the members on
this side of the House, to lie classified among the
fathers of the Republic, by sympathy of senti-
ment, and to be characterized by epithets that v/e
understand; but when gentlemen convey by terms
an idea disrespectful to our dignity of character,
or to our attachment to the Constitution and to
the principles of our country, we indignantly
•repel the accusation.
\Djew, Mr. Clerk, hear afew additional remarks.
TUpgentlemen who are representing the peculiar
administration of this country join with others in
characterizing us as sectional. Does it become
the Pretorian band of the Administration, which
rode into power upon a high tide of popularity
some two or three years ago, and has now dwin-
dled into a feeble insignificance—does it become
those gentlemen to taunt us with not organizing
this House ? Where is the glory that character-
ized that Administration some two years ago ?
Where are the prestige and the prosperity in
which they then gloried? Ah ! where are they?
Why have the prosperity and power of that Ad-
ministration become so suddenly and sadly ob-
scured? Has it been because your element of
nationality has reduced the power of the Admin-
istration? If so, I can only ask an increase of
that same element, and in a short time the power
of this Administration cannot be either defined or
desciibed; it will not be a calculable quantity.
And now, Mr. Clerk, I think it is respectful in
those of us who constitute a plurality in this
House, to ask that we who represent the most
powerful constituency and the preponderating
vote in this country shall choose the Speaker of
this House. I have no other means of ascertain-
ing what is nationality, except by the expression
of the nation. These gentlemen maybe national
ex non natione, as lucus was said to be Incus a noil
lueendo. But we are national, because v/e repre-
sent a larger portion of the free people of this
nation than is represented by both classes of
our opponents on this floor. So far, then, as
members are concerned, we claim the epithet of
national; and so far as the great distinctive, per-
vading, penetrating element of all that consti-
tutes our glory and our grandeur is concerned,
freedom, we claim to be national.
Mr. DUNN. I would inquire if the amend-
ment of the gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Gallo-
way] is still subject to amendment by striking
out the name of Mr. Banks, and substituting tho
name of another gentleman ?
The CLERK. It is still subject to amend-
ment.
Mr. DUNN. In that form ?
The CLERK. So the Clerk thinks.
Mr. DUNN. Mr. Clerk, I am just as anxious
for the organization of this House as any mem-
ber is, or ought to be; but, at the same time, I
desire whatever organization shall take place
shall be such a one as will, as far as practicable,
under existing circumstances, secure some de-
gree of harmony in all quarters, and particularly
amongst those of us anxiously wishing the ac-
complishment of one object. I want no extreme
representation, but one whose moderation will
command respect, while his fixed principles will
secure our ends.
Now, sir, I wish to say, in order to cut this
matter short, that it is well known, by most
members upon this floor, that matters have been
transpiring for weeks past, and have at last taken
a form that render it, as far as I know or can
see, utterly impossible for some of us to cast our
votes for tho gentleman from Massachusetts,
[Mr. Banks.] We have not created that condi-
tion of things, nor are we responsible for it. It
has been forced here by others. You, gentlemen,
if willing, can accommodate and settle this diffi-
culty. I have a proposition to make with a view
to that accommodation; and 1 make it without
having a personal preference in any direction. I
have selected a gentleman who has had enough
experience to preside over our deliberations; one
of undoubted integrity; one who is true to you
upon the great subject you have so much at heart,
and one whose antecedents arc Democratic, and
therefore differing from my own. Pie is every
way worthy of our confidence. I present him to
you in order to get clear of tho difficulties which
some have suggested. I move to amend tho
amendment by striking out the name of Mr.
Sinks, and inserting m lieu thereof the name of
Mr. Leitee,, of Ohio. Gentlemen, we can agree
