806
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 10,
and must have been for seven years a citizen of
the United States, it must be taken in connec-
tion with the declaration that " the enumeration
in the Constitution, of certain rights, shall not be
construed to deny or disparage others retained
by the.people;" and before we strike down with
the arm of Federal power the rights of a State
and the constitution of a State, we must find the
power to do it in the Constitution itself, or find
that State constitution in clear repugnance to that
of the United States.
Now, I ask, if there is any power delegated
"hove that should prohibit the States from adding
qualifications to their representatives? If not,
then the obvious and necessary construction that
must be placed upon those provisions must be,
that the states have the right to impose any addi-
tional qualifications or restrictions which they
in their wisdom should think proper; provided,
always, that such restrictions do not come in con-
flict with the Constitution of the United States.
I have been astonished to see the manner in
which this question has been met. Gentlemen
assume to construe and determine the Constitution
by a reference to some old maxim of the common
law, and gentlemen of great legal eminence have
tossed it aside by quoting the maxim of Lord Coke,
il expressio uivus est exrclusio alterius." I regard
justly acquired eminence with all proper respect,
but it is nevertheless true that the greatest minds
may err, and mistake's may be made by those of
the greatest intellects and most extensive acquire-
ments, and it is equally true, that while such
errors and mistakes are made by such minds, the
humblest citizen may, in differing from them, find
the truth. Indeed, sir, no greater mistake can
be made than to apply the common-law rules of
construction to the Constitution of the United
States. Yvhat is the time definition of this maxim,
which is quoted as deciding the whole case ?
" This maxim has only reference to influences of fact to
be diawn ftom written documents 01 paiol deelaiahons: it
only means that, il* you eypiessly name some out ot ceitam
requisites, the mteience is stion«or, that tho>e omittnl aie
intended to be excluded, than ir'none at ail had been mm •
tioncd.J'—Per JIUlerson, B.. Doe d. Spihbio u \-s. JJnidctt, 9
& £., 9S.i.
Admitting this definition of the mas:im to be
correct, it has no application in the construction
of the Constitution of the United States, because
such a construction is expressly precluded by the
amendments I have referred to. It is expressly
precluded by every rule of construction which hos
ever been applied to that instrument. These
amendments expressly declare that the expression
or granting of some rights and powers shall not
be considered to exclude others. Yet, gentlemen
have disposed of the whole question by quoting
this musty old law adage which has no applica-
tion to the question. They have passed the great
question by, as one to be settled by a Latin quo-
tation from Coke's Littleton.
Mr. InQRTOTn. 1 would ask what provisions
of the Cojsntution the gentleman refers to?
Mr. HARRIS. The ninth and tenth amend-
ments.
Mr. Speaker, there is another view of this
question on which I wish to say a word. The
States, in electing members to this House, now
divide them into congressional districts. Mem-
bers m every State are elected by congressional
districts m accordance with the provisions of law
of the States respectively. Now, when the people
of a State, in their sovereign capacity, meet to-
gether to frame a constitution, and agree that
certain persons shall not be eligible to certain
offices, and that certain votes shall be considered
as null and void, and of no effect, and that con-
stitution is adopted unanimously,or by amyjority
of the people of the whole State, I ask whether a
portion, a mere plurality of those residing in one
congressional district—one twentieth of the peo-
ple of the State, or, if you please, one twentieth
even of the people of the district—shall cast votes
declared by the constitution of the State to be
mill and void, and elect persons who are so in-
eligible, trample the constitution of their State
under foot, and when such persons come here,
against the protest of all the people of the State,
except those voting for them, will this House
sanction the acts of such minorities? Shall we
say that not only they have a right to set the
constitution of their State at naught, but that we
will follow their example?
I maintain that the States have the right to
adopt these limitations; and 1 defy any gentle-
man, learned or unlearned, to point to the pro-
vision of the Constitution which prohibits a Suite
from making them. It cannot be found in the
Constitution. It is an assumption of power, and
one which every day's experience teaches us
that it is time to curls. Power begets power.
Possession of power stimulates a desire to in-
crease it. First, the judiciary strikes down a
State, then the Senate strikes down a State; and
now the House of Representatives has> for the
first time in our history, an opportunity to do the
same thing. The States are treated as mere trifles
and baubles—mere foot-balls to be kicked about
by the different branches of the Federal Govern-
ment.
But, gentlemen say that, if States have the right
to make these qualifications, they may make those
which are frivolous and foolish. They may re-
quire that a man should be of a certain height,
size, weight, color, and all that. It is very kind
of gentlemen thus to take care of the States, and
to prevent them from doing anything that is friv-
olous and foolish. It is extremely kind of them
to suppose that the States require their guardian-
ship m this matter. True, the people of the
States were themselves able to frame the Consti-
tution of the United States. They had, origin-
ally, that capacity; but having framed it, and
organized the two [louses of Congress, they are
no longer capable of determining who are proper
persons to represent them here. Congress, as a
legislative body, must take them under its guar-
dianship. It must determine whether the wishes
of the people arc sensible and right, or whether
they are frivolous and foolish.
At the first view of this case, gentlemen, I know,
sec the provision of the Constitution providing
certain qualifications, or rather disqualifications,
and conclude that no other can be required by
the Sutis. Mr. JexTeison, in a letter addressed
by him to Mr. Cabell, says that he was, at first,
of the same opinion. Ho at one time believed
that the States could not impose additional quali-
fications; biit he says that it was a mere "off-
hand opinion," as I have, no doubtare a majority
of those opinions upon this case expressed here.
Gentlemen have formed them without investiga-
tion and reflection. I confess, sir, that, when the j
question was first presented to my mind, I came j
to the conclusion that the provision m the Con- \
stitution of Illinois was m conflict with the Con- I
stitution of the United States, and was, of course, j!
worth nothing; but upon examination of the ji
question the conclusion was irresistibly forced on j;
me that there was no conflict—that both constitu- j:
tions are in entire harmony with each other. p
The Constitution of the United States provides !;
certain qualifications, but it does not prohibit the '
States from adding others thereto, provided they !
do not conflict with those enumerated m that in- \
strument. Mr. Jefferson writes as follows: |
" You ask my opinion on the question whether the States I
can add anv (jualiheauon^ to those winch the Constitution 1
lias pieseufacd lor their membei s of Congie^s ? It is aques- ;
tion I had never bcioio reflected on ; yet had taken up an j
ofl-hand opinion, agreeing with your first, that they could j
not; that to add new qualifications to those of the Conbti- ;
tution would be as much an alfuation as to detract horn
them. And so I think the House of Repiesentatives of j
Confess decided in some ease—I believe that of a member I
fiom Baltimoie "
I will state just here that there is no such dc- !
cision in the Baltimore case referred to. It was '
at first supposed that that case involved a conflict
between the constitution of Maryland and that '
of the United States, but that question was not 1
in issue in the shape it finally assumed, and the ,
cose was decided on another point. In that case ;
Mr. Randolph made one of his most eloquent and !
argumentative speeches, and in it sustained the ;
views which I now present. '
Mr. Jefferson goes on as follows: j
" Hut your lettci having induced me to look into the Con- '
stitution, and lo consider tne qce.suon ahttle.I am again m
your pieaicr.ment, of doubting the correctness of my liist <
opinion, Had the Constitution been silent, nobody can I
doubt b.u that the light to ptr-enbe all the qualifications !
and dis-qunhficitions of tho-'e they would *end to lepre^nt !
them, would have belonged to the State. So ulso the Con- ■'
stitution mi<iht Invp pre.->cnhed the whole, and excluded all ;
othois. It seems tohdve preferred the middh' wav*. It has
excrei-scd The power m past. In declaring some di^qunhfi- [}
canons, to wit, those ot not being twenty-five years of age,
ot' not having been a citizen seven years, and of not being "
an inhabitant of the State at the time of election. But it ,
does not declare, iuelf, that the membershail not be aluna- I'
tie, a pauper, a convict of treason, of murder, of felon), or
other infamous crime, or non-resident of his di8*iicts nor
does it piohibit to the State the power of dcclaung these or
any other disqualifications which its particuiai ciicum-
stances may call for; and these may be different m different
States. Of com sc, then, by the tenth amendment, the power
is reserved to the State."
Mr. MARSHALL, of Illinois. Does the gen-
tleman state that that was Mr. Jefferson's delib-
erate opinion after an examination ?
Mr. HARRIS. My colleague desires to know
if I mean to state that this was Mr. Jefferson's
deliberate opinion after an examination of the
subject. He gave it as such, because he says
that his first opinion wasan '• off-hand" opinion.
Now, does my colleague believe that he would
revise an " off-hand opinion" by another " off-
hand opinion ?"
Mr. MARSHALL. I ask my colleague to
read the whole opinion.
Mr. HARRIS. I will read it with pleasure.
He says:
" If, whenever the Constitution assumes a single power
out of many which belong to the same subject, we should
eonsi.'ei it as assuming the whole, it would ves>t the Gen-
eral Government with a ma=s of powers never contem-
plated. On the contiaiy. the assumption of paiticttlar
powers seems an exclusion of all not assumed. This
reasoning appeals to me to be bound ; but, on so recent &
change of view, caution requn*es us not to be too confi-
dent, and that we admit this to be one of the doubtful ques-
tions on which honest men may differ with the purest
motive:*; and the more readily, a= we find we have differed
from ouir-elves on it."
I say, then, that Mr, Jefferson here said that
he had once formed an off-hand opinion, and I
say, that in this letter ne revises that " off-hand
opinion." He says that,as these powers are not
prohibited to the States by the tenth amendment
of the Constitution, they are permitted, and are
existing, and that by the tenth amendment they
are *' reserved to the States." No man of Mr.
Jefferson's character would attempt to reverse one
off-hand opinion by another off-handed opinion;
but this last opinion, that the States have the
power to add qualifications, must stand as his last,
his revised, and Ins deliberate conclusion.
Now, sir, I have not tunc to read at length the
remarks of Mr. Randolph, m the case of Barney
vs McCreery, which so clearly sustain and fortify
the conclusions of Mr. Jefferson.
But I cannot forbear reading some extracts.
He said:
" The House had never been called upon to make a more
important decision than the one now pioposed. He wished
he was prepared forthe discussion.1' •*-* ■*
<% In undertaking to decide upon the validity of a law of a
State, they touched upon a subject which should nevei be ap-
proached but undoi tiio most imperious necos-Mtj, and when
no shadow of doubt could hans upon their decision. What
weip they required: to do? To declare the law of Mary-
land, long reveicnced and obeyed, under which successive
elections had been held and never before questioned—to
pronounce this law to be a dead letter% entitled to no respect
even from her own citizens, and to absolve them from all
obedience to it? Was it a matter of surpuse that members of
t\u> House weie startled at an innovation so daimg and *<>
dangetous ? If he weie called upon to establish a cntenon,
an miallible touchstone of the soundness of political pnn-
eiples, it should be made to consist ot nothing so much as a
sacied regard for the rights ot the States.
" He viewed the proposed measuie as one of a series—as
the entering wedge. If they begun by declaimg one law
of one Slate unconstitutional, w hen; were they to slop?
They might, they would i,'o on—it was the nattnal tendency
ot power never to he bati'ated as long as there wa> anything
left to devour—until tfie State government.*, tupped of oil
authority, rend'ned contempuble m the eyes or the people
for then imbecility, and c'd>ous toi then* CKoense. mere
skeletons of governments, the shadows of then former
greatner-n should be lbrevi r abolished, and a gieat consoli-
dated empire established upon their rums'. Mr. R. looked
fonvaul to such an event as the death-warrant of the exist-
ing Constitution and of the pyople-'shbeiuesv.'"
He said th^ Constitution of the United States
only guarded "against too great Jaxity in the
State regulations, by general and negative provis-
ions, leaving ^them, however, within the limits
of those restrictions to act for themselves; to con-
sult the genius, habils, and, if you will, the pre-
judices of their people."
He proceeds to urge his arguments in support
of this view. I have not time to read them, but
I commend them to the attention of gentlemen.
They are strong, they are convincing, and they
arc unansweiable. They have never been an-
swered, and in my judgment never can be. Well,
then, here are the opinions of Jefferson, of Cabell,
©f Randolph, and those who participated with
them in the consideration of this question, and
amoiiij them were the ablest debaters m tins
House. They all concur in the opinion that this
power was left to the States,and at, this moment,
as was said in the Senate the other day, one half
