1856.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
141
there if we try; and there are many others on
•whom we can unite.
Mr. LEITER. I take the liberty again to say
to this House, that under no circumstances will
I permit the use of my name in connection with
the officc of Speaker of this House. It has been
charged that I desired that office. It has been
charged, because I have received a few votes
here, from time to time, that I, perhaps,^was
operating in such a manner as to embarrass ■ the
organization of this House. I have no aspiration
for any such position as that proposed for me by
the gentleman from Indiana; and I cannot, under
any circumstances, permit the use of my name
in that connection. I therefore ask my friend—
for I say to him that I recognize in him a good,
generous, warm-hearted friend and gentleman,
for whom I entertain the highest regard—that his
regard for me will not permit the use of my name
in the connection m which he has put it, espe-
cially when I ask it at his hands and the hands
of the House.
Mr. SAGE here obtained the floor.
Mr. DU]NfN. I desire, then, to change my
motion, and hope the gentleman from New York
will yield me the floor for that purpose.
Mr. SAGE. Certainly.
Mr. DUNN. I will, at the request of the gen-
tleman from Ohio, [Mr. Leiter.,] withdraw his
name from my amendment. It was not upon
consultation with him or with any one else that
I proposed his name, but upon my own judgment
of what was best. I withdraw his name, and
in lieu thereof substitute the name of Alexander
C. M. Pennikgton, of New Jersey.
Mr. SAGE. I rose for the purpose of making
a motion which will terminate this debate, and
advance our efforts for an organization of the
House. I move to lay the resolution and the
amendment upon the table.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. I demand the
yeas and nays upon the motion.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was then taken, and it was de-
cided in the affirmative—yeas 141, nays 75; as
follows:
YEAS—Messrs. AiKen, All>ii£ht,Al!i=:on. Barbour, I'aiks-
dale, Boll, Henry Bennett, .Benson, Billmghiust, limgluuri,
JJliss, Bradshaw, Branch, Bientou, Biooks, Butfiugtoiu
Burhn<iame, Cadwaladcr, James fl. J|fimp!>el], Lewis D.
Campbell, Uaiuthers, CJlmfi'ec, Ezra C^k, (Jlmsanan, How-
ell Cobb, Williamson K. W.Cobb, Colth\,Conine,Covode,
Cidgm, Craige, Crawford, Cuilen, Cumhaek, Dauxroll, Da-
vidson, l>a.v, Dean, jJe Wirt, Didoon, Dodd, Durfce,
Ihmio, English, Faulkner, Flagler,Floicnee, Thomur- J. J).
Fuller,Gilbert, Goode, Gnmqei, Greenwood, Grow, Au-
gustus Hall, Robert B. Hall, Jiailan. Sampson \Y. Harris,
Thom,u> L. Hums, ifolJowu>, Thomas ii. llorton, Valen-
tine ft. Tlorton, Houston, Howard, fJewell,
George W. Jone^, J. Glaney Jonc^ Kelly, Kidwol), Knitf,
ICnapp, Knox, Inciter, Let'-lier, Lumpkin, Maee, Hum-
phrey Maiahull, Samuel S. i\J;u shall, Mattc^on, iMcCaitv,
Mcx^iulhn. MeUueeu. Meac-hain, Kilhan Millet, Hmith
Miiloi, Morgan, Morrill, Mott, Murray, Noiion, Moideeai
Olivei, Orr, l*nik«ji, Peek, Peltoii, Peninntrioii, iVtnt,
Phelps, Xhke, Pcuved, Pnn<7le. PuiViance, lieade, Uivojy.
Robert?, llobison. Kuifm, fc>abm, Batre, tfapp, Shcnean,
Simmons, William .Smith, ??nc<d, Stephens. >traimhaa,
fcyvopo, Tappan, Taylot, Thurston, Traftou, V.ul, V.ijk,
Wade, Wakeman, Waibnd're, Waldion, Warner. Cadw.d-
ader C. Wa^hbimie. Eihlm 1>. Wdsbbiune, I-rat I Was-li-
i urn, YVatson, Welch, Wells, Wil'iams. Window, Wood,
Woodruh, Wood worth, John V. Wright, and Zoihooiioi—
141.
NAYS—Mc?sis. Allen, Ball,Barclay, Homy S. Dennett.
Bishop, Bocock, Bow «v, Bioom, John P. Campbell, C'dskje,
dawson, Cox, Henry Winter Davis, Donvei, Dick. Dowd-li,
Dunn. Edmundt'on, EdwauN, Elliott, Ltbendsre, l£u>lis,
Evan?, Foster, Hcmy !VI. Fuller, (Jailowav, Guiding, J.
Morrison Harris, (larufOn, ll.iv^n, ll-'b-'ir, Hickman,
Hofiman,Keitt, Kemiett, Kniirht, ltnov Hon, Kinikeh Lake,
Lmdlcy, Maxwell, Million, Millward, Moote. JViehoH, An-
drew Oliver, Paine, Peaice, Poitcr, Piujuoj, ilu.tiiiui,
Heady, Iticaud, BichanKon.'lhielue, llohbin-?. RiM, r:an-
duige, lavage, Seott, .Shoitcr, Samuel A. ^imtii, William
It. ^nnth, Spinner, Stanton, Stewait. Talbott, Tlmiin<itor>,
X'odd, Tnppe. Tyso*i, Underwood, Walker, Waikxiis,
Wheeler, and Whitney—75.
So the resolution was laid upon the table.
Pending the call of the roll, the following de-
bate took place:
Mr. KNOWLTON. A word of explanation
as to my vote. For the purpose of having an
opportunity to vote upon the amendment offered
by the gentleman from Indiana, [Mr. Dunx,] if
this resolution is not laid upon the table, I vole
in the negative.
Mr. aUITMAN. Mr. Clerk, in voting on
this motion, 1 do not now intend to commit my-
self to either of the propositions now before the
House; but I prefer a direct vote on these propo-
sitions, and, without changing my preference, I
desire to see the developments which a vote upon
these resolutions will exhibit. I therefore vote
against laving'the subject on the table.
Mr. SANDIDGfE. Without compromising
myself in favor of the proposition now before
the House, as our friends of the Opposition are
amiably disposed this mornmg^I shall vote against
laying the resolution upon the table, in orcler to
give them a chance to do something for the good
of the country. I desire to give them a chance
to shape things to suit themselves. 1 vote no.
Mr. SIMMONS. I shall state very briefly the
reasons which will govern my vote. The hon-
orable gentleman from South Carolina, [Mr.
Boyce,] now proposed for the speakership of
this House, was a member of the last House of
Representatives. He declared very emphatically
in a very sound specch, as he deemed it, and very
clearly, that he considered a dissolution of this
Union certain, but that it was a mere question of
time. During the short session which we have
already had here, he has again declared that he
represents a particular branch of the southern
Democracy, of which the great pattern is Mr.
Calhoun. We know what that is. Now, sir, I
am in favor of this Union, and my constituents
are in favor of it.
Mr. FAULKNER. I rise to a question of
order. This debate is not in order.
The CLERK. It can only continue by unani-
mous consent. [Cries of " Let him go on !"]
Mr. FAULKNER. Well, as there is a gen-
eral disposition to hear explanations, I withdraw
my objection.
"The CLERK. If there is no objection the gen-
tleman will proceed.
There was no objection.
Mr. SIMMONS. In regard to the personal
qualifications of the gentleman from South Car-
olina for the chair, independent of the politics
which he represents. I must say I know no person
for whom 1 would vote with both hands, with
more pleasure, than for that gentleman. He is
undoubtedly very well qualified for anything of
that sort; and, besides that, he is an accomplished
gentleman, as everybody knows. But, sir, all
that has nothing to do with our votes. Now,
the gentleman who proposed it probably expected
Massachusetts to come to his aid, [laughter,] be-
cause I find that the Charleston Mercury—which
is the only paper which I have seen from that
part of the country—justifies the extreme law
which passed the IVIassachusetts Legislature by
acclamation, though vetoed by the Governor.
That paper represents Mr. Calhoun's doctrines.
It claims that Massachusetts has the right to pass
such a law—that it lias the constitutional power
to do it. Now, the fact that so many gentlemen
here arc voting to make the aentlemau from South
Carolina Speaker of this House, show:?, to my
mind, that nullification is so much a bugbear to
them only because it is not theirs. [Laughter.]
if they had the power to sweep away treaties,
they would drive the Cherokees into the woods,
mid nullification would not be in their way at all.
JN'ow, these rentlcmen denounce us as "Black
Republicans. '3 What if we should call them hard
names—names which may easijv be imagined
from what 1 have said, and vJRch would be
justified by facts—what would they think ? But
we will not do it. We have boon voting for
weeks for the organization of this House, but i
want gentlemen to know that there must be an
end to tliose things some time. There are two
sides and two parties. [Here some member
called to order.] Of course i hnve explained the
reasons why I vote ay. [Laughter.]
Mr. GHEKNWOOO. liefer^ 1 east my vote
I wish to know what the sfate of the question
will be in the event that Ifts resolution is not
laid uprn the table, if 1 understand the matter
aright, if this motion faiN, the quesnoo presented
to the House will bj a choice bctwi en Mr. Baxks
and Mr. Penn'ingtox; that is, whether the name
of Mr, Banks snail be stneken out, and that of
Mr. Pcntni\t(xT( k substituted.
The CLERK. The Clerk understands that
such will be tlie rpestion presented to the House
if the resolution is not laid upon the table.
Mr. GREENWOOD. As I do not desire to
place myst.li'in a position where I shn"1! be com-
pelled to take my choice between those two gen-
tlemen, T give my vote m the a'armntive.
Mr. McMULLIN. I hone the honorable gen-
tleman from South Carolina, [Mr. Boyce,] and
those who have been voting for him, will not
regard my vote as casting any reflection upon
them. I beg leave to say, however, to the
tleman from Alabama, [Mh Walker,] and to
those acting with-him, that whenever that gen-
tleman and a sufficient number of this House,
shall have cast their votes for Mr. Boyce> or for
any other gentleman, to such an extent that it
can be ascertained that the national Democrats
have it in their power to effect an election, then,
and not till then, have they a right to expect a
yielding or giving way upon the part of the na-
tional Democrats. Sir, I esteem preeminently
the gentleman from South Carolina; but, like the
gentleman from Arkansas, [Mr. Greenwood,] I
am not disposed to place myself in a position to
be compelled to choose between Mr. Banks and
Mr. Pennington, and for that reason I vote in
the affirmative.
Mr. BARKSDALE. Mr. Clerk, I was pre-
sent at a meeting of the Democratic members of
this House, which made a declaration of prin-
ciples, and nominated the honorable gentleman
from Illinois as their candidate for Speaker. I
also attended a second meeting of the Democratic
members of this House, and the proceedings of
that meeting have all been made public. That
meeting declared, as I understood, a fixed and
unalterable determination to adhere to Mr.Ricn-
aroson until further consultation should be had,
no matter what proposition might be made by.
either of the opposing parties upon this floor.
Such was my understanding of the proceedings
of that meeting, and, in accordance with that de-
termination, we have continued to vote for the
honorable gentleman from Illinois.
A proposition is now made to elect the gentle-
man from South Carolina [Mr. Boyce] as Speaker
of this House. Sir, I indorse every word which
has been said of that gentleman by the member
from Alabama, as to his high character, talents,
and his fitness to preside over the deliberations
of tins body; but, sir, 1 cannot, consistently
with my obligations to my party and to my prin-
ciples— because principles cannot be carried out
except through the instrumentality of party—vote
foi a resolution which would, in effect, be a de-
sertion of the nominee of our caucus He is
still our candidate, and he at least, so far as my
information extends, has not authorized his name
to be withdrawn. 1 ask honorable gentlemen,
then, who attended that caucus, how they can.
under these circumstances, vote against laying
this resolution upon the table J
Mr. BOCOCK. 1 can answer the gentleman
for myself, but not for others; and I would like
the opportunity to do so now, or at some other
time. I voted against laying the resolution on the
table.
Mr. BARKSDALE. I have no objection to
the gentleman's doing so, if the House is willing
to hear him.
The CLERK. This whole debate is out of
order, but it has proceeded without objection from
any quarter.
Mr. BOCOCK. The gentleman from Missis-
sippi asks a question which I can answer to my
satisfaction, so far as I am concerned.
Mr. BARKSDALE. The gentleman can have
an opportunity after I have yielded tho floor. {
believe it isjhe duty of the democratic party to
maintain its organization here: and how can it.be
done, unless the resolution of the gentleman from
Alabama is laic] upon the table? How can it be
done if we divide our votes upon this question?
I came here m opposition to the Know Nothing
party, and pledged to oppose it in nny and every
shape in which it should present itself before the
country: and for one I intend to make that pledge
good. Ad vncaunp, as I hondPtly believe they do,
proscription from otllco because of religious opin-
ions, in Vsoluioii of the Constitution, which de-
clares th'Te shill be no religious test for office, I
am not willing that the gentleman from Alabama,
elected to a seat upon "this floor by that party,
should dictate to me how i shall vote upon the
election of a Sneaker.
Mr. WALKER, (interrupting.) I desire to
say one word in answer to the gentleman's last
remark. I hate dictation as much as the gentle-
man; and I desire to rupol a charge winch cannot
justly lie at my uonr. I said that the resolution
was not the offspring of any spirit of dictation.
