1856.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
867
of the States of this Union themselves believe it,
because they have provisions in their respective
constitutions or laws asserting this power, and
this right; and one half or the States of this Union
have declared their belief in it by inserting similar
provisions m their laws. And the people of one
half of the States have, by ratifying those pro-
visions, declared their belief in the same reserved
rights and powers of the States. Now, what is
set up against the opinions of these statesmen,
the opinions of a majority of the States, and a
majority of the people of the States ? Why, " ex-
pressio unius est exclusio alterius /" because some-
thing is expressed in the Constitution, everything
else is excluded to the States! In this way you
answer the opinion of the best statesmen, ana of
the majority of the people of the Union, and treat
the constitutional provisions of the States as mere
badinage, not worthy of consideration. Sir, that
is not the way to deal with the subject. They
are rights too important to be trifled with in this
way. The constitution of the State of Illinois,
like the constitutions of twelve or fourteen
other States of the Union, contains this provis-
ion. It is not necessary for me to say now
whether it is a wise or an unwise one; but I will
say that I do not think it is a wise provision, but
the people of my S;ate thought differently. 1
voted against the constitution containing it, when
it was before the people for ratification, because
this provision as well as others, which I disap-
proved, was in it. But the constitution was
adopted with this qualification, and it is the pro-
vision of a sovereign State. That constitution
was formed 'oy some of the ablest lawyers and
jurists of Illinois, received the vote of an over-
whelming majority of the people upon its adop-
tion, and yet members, without examination, toss
it aside by the potency of some old musty law
maxim, and searccly deign to give it a respectful
notice.
Hut, sir, there are several other points which
I desire to notice, hut which I cannot in the brief
time allowed me. As far as my own personal
feelings are concerned, I could almost wish my
opinions were different from what they aie; but
as I believe them to be right, I will maintain them
as well as I am able, whoever it may harm, or
whoever it may benefit—friend or foe, party en-
emy oi party friend. As I believe the provision
in the constitution of Illinois is one which is
obligatory upon mc, I will enforce it with my
vote, and maintain and defend it with my voice
wherever and whenever the occasion presents
itself. But I wili not further pursue this branch
of the subject.
The committee, in making their report upon
Mr. Fouke's case, present a resolution, simply
declaring the seat vacant, without referring to the
member whose name has been called in connec-
tion with it duiiug the whole session. By what
authority do they do this? Does it follow that
if Mr. Pouke is not elected to the seat no one is?
I behove such is the fact; but how do the com-
mittee, who do not hold the opinions which I do,
come to such a conclusion? I would like to see
their reasons for this conclusion, as weJi as their
reasons for reporting against the contestant; but
it so happens that when reasons are wanted they
give none at all; and when none are wanted they
give bad onus.
The principal point which was discussed when
this matter was lost under consideration was
that of compensation to the contestants. The
gentleman from Tennessee [Mr. Sn'eed] remarked
then that he would not object to paying a con-
testant who came here, honestly believing he had
been elected by a majority of votes; but he had a
decided objection to paying one who comes as did
the contestant in this case. I think the true rule
ought lo be, not who has the largest list upon the
tally-sheet, or the most votes in the ballot-box,
but who has the moat legal votes, and votes legally
cast, and which ought legally to bo counted.
Testing the case before us by this rule, and the
principles I have laid down, the contestant, even
if rejected by the House, is entitled to compen-
sation beyond question. The gentleman [Mr.
Sxeed] has no objection to paying a contestant
when the point is a mere squabble about the
number of votes—be it a dozen or a hundred;
but when a contestant comes here in obedience
to the voice of the constitution of his State, and
to the voice of the people who adopted that con-
stitution, he is told that he has no business here;
he is an intruder, and must be spurned from this
Hall with contumely and without compensation.
Why, sir, I may slate here what I believe is a
fact, that the Governor of Illinois would, if he
had issued certificate's of election at all, have given
them to the contestants, and then had their seats
in turn been contested, and successfully, pay
would, of course, have beerwgiven to both'. But
Governor Matteson chose to refer the question
to this House, stating only the facts in the cases,
without prejudice to either party by an expression
of his opinion. In that event, both parties would
have been paid, and why not in equal justice pay
the contestants now?
My colleague [Mr. Norton] remarked the other
day, that he thought the Governor ought to have
issued certificates to the sitting members. "What-
ever the Governor's own views might have been
on the question, I think he could not have acted
otherwise than he did. My colleague must be
aware, that the Secretary of State, the Auditor,
and Treasurer, are made by law in Illinois aboard
of canvassers, to canvass the votes. They make a
return of their canvass to the Governor, and upon |
that he issues his certificate or proclamation, j
This board of canvassers made a return in these !
cases, returning the 44 facts5ionly, and upon these i
facts the Governor issued his proclamation. The j
Governor docs not canvass the votes. He cannot j
decide who is elected; and as the hoard of can- j
vasscrs did not decide it, the Governor could ;
not go behind their report. He, therefore, con- j
formed his action to theiis, and referred the whole
question here for settlement. j
But the gentleman from Virginia [Mr. Cahlile] ;
remarked the other day that he was unwilling to '
, pay contestants for coming here to have the con - ;
j struction and efiect of the constitution of Illinois 1
| settled by this House; that, if that State wanted ;
I ihe validity of her constitution tested, she ought ,
j to pay the expense of doing so. Let me say
| that the State of Illinois does not ask this House
• to pay any such expenses. She says by her cou-
I sfitution that these contestants have a right to
| seats here, and asks you to admit them. If you
do not do it, it will be because you put a new,
! an unwarranted construction upon the Constitu-
| tion of the United States. It is the construction ,
| of that instrument you are called upon to make; ;
i and gentlemen do not seem satisfied in giving it
! a construction overriding the constitution of the !
1 State; but they would treat with insult and con- ,
1 tempt the person who raises the question. Now, '
I believe, as an abstract proposition, these con- •
testnnts are entitled to their seats; yet I could not
sanction their holding them, coming, as they do, ■
without a plurality of the votes of their districts;
j nor do I believe that, as honorable men, they
, would hold them if allowed by the House to do
I so. The just decision would be to consider the
votes cast for the sitting members as cast under
a misapprehension of the law; let the seats be
declared vacant, and the question be again referred
to the people. )
But if the House shall determine to oPow the
sitting members to retain their seats, then surely,
under the circumstances of these cases, the con- !
testants ought to be entitled to the usual compen-
sation. It is objected, that to allow it would be
offering a premium for contests. I do not think !
so; but I do think the avenues for making con- |
tests ought to be kept open; otherwise, a candi-
date who, by fraud or accident, happens to fail
in obtaining a certificate, would be deterred from
making his claim, and running the nek of a heavy
expense in a contest which, however just and
proper, might be involved m a possible doubt.
No one should object to contests of seats where
there is reasonable ground for them. They tend
to the suppression of fraudulent and illegal voting, .
and to the preservation of the purity of elections— t
objects which every one ought to have next at ;
heart. j
I have now given you some of the reasons,
which influence my judgment, and why I think
the constitution of Illinois ought to be respected,
and why (in case Xhis House should rejoct them)
the contestants ought to receive their compensa-
tion. A vote upon the resolutions, in the shape
in which they are presented to the House, does
not present the first point directly fof decision, for
many gentlemen are unwilling to say that any
contestant ought to have a seat without a majority
of the votes cast; and such is my own opinion.
Yet, as an abstract proposition, I cannot say that
Mr. Pouke js not entitled to his seat—or, if he is
not, to say further that the seat is "vacant*'*"
Trumbull or Fouke is entitled to it, and I must
vote against the first two resolutions.
The views I have advanced in favor of the rights
of the States will stand the test of time and of ex-
perience; and if the House shall now, from any
motive, or in the absence of any motive, in its
power, set aside as&l overthrow the constitution
of my State, it will adopt a precedent which, if
followed up, will crush out and destroy the rights
of the States and the rights of the people.
MAINE CONTESTED ELECTfOJf.
Mr. SPINNER. I rise to a question of priv-
ilege. I ha\e a report to make from the Com-
mittee of Elections.
The SPEAKER. The question underconsid-
eration is a leport from the Committee of Elec-
tions, and is of an equally privileged character.
Mr. SPINNER. 1 merely wish to submit the
report, and have it laid upon the table and printed.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. What is the na-
ture of the report?
Mr. SPINNER. It is the report of the com-
mittee upon the Maine contested-election case.
There being no objection, the report was re-
ceived, laid on the table, and ordered to be printed.
ILLINOIS CONTESTED ELECTION—AGAIN.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine, obtained the
floor.
Mr. &UITMAN. Do I understand that it is
the intention of the gentleman from Maine to
address the House?
Mr. WASHBURN. No, sir; I propose to call
the previous question.
i Mr. CRAIG E. I hope the gentleman from
; ?Jame will not moke that demand until I cart
have an opnortumtv of asking one or two que.s-
| tions. I find that there is no report of the facts
' m this case. 1 inypcjf would Lke very much to
have the facts reported before I am calicd upon to
i vote upon the resolutions, and I understand there
i are others around me who are in the same situa-
; tion. This is a very important question, and I
1 hope the gentleman from Maine will give way for
| a motion that the subject be recommitted to the
Committee of Elections, with instructions that
i the facts of the case shall be reported,
j Mr. WASHBURN. There are no facts to be
! reported in this case that are not now perfectly
well understood by every member uoon tnis floor.
! The ^eullernan from Illinois [Mr.H\ttnis] raised
, a constitutional question, as to whether any other
: authority or any other power had the right to
, presence qualifications other than those prescribed
in t.ie Consiuution of the United States ? That
, is the only question involved. There is no difB-
! culty about the facts.
; Mr. CRAIGE. That is the very reason why
! I desire to have a report upon the subject. J
! understand the facts of"the case to be as they have
■ been stated; but, as this is an important prcee-
i drnt that we are about to establish, I ohink all the
I facts in the case e-houhl go upon the recoid. and
: for that reason I desire that the resolutions should
; be recommitted.
i Mr. WASH P.UR N It was stated by the gen-
i tleman from Ohio [Mr. Bingham] the other day,
when lie reported th^se resolutions, that he would,
; with the consent of the House,file n report in the
case which should be printed. I understood toe
i consent of the House to be £*,vpn, so that the
; object of the gentleman from North Carolina will
! be"accomplished without the necessity of refer-
i ring back these resolutions.
j Mr. QUITMAN. 1 rise tea question of order.
| The gentleman from Maine moved the previous
j question, and is now proceeding to address the
| House. 1 hope the previous Question wilt not be
I sustained. I desire to submit some lemarivs upon
1 this very important question.
! The SPEAKER. * In the opinion of the Chair,
■ the question of order raised b37 the gentleman
; from Mississippi ;s not well taken. The gentle-
man from Maine [Mr. Wa&iibuk.n] in answer to
an inquiry, stated that he was about to move the
! previous question. He did not move it, pnd is
, therefore in order in the remarks he is submit-
tins;,
i Mr. WASHBURN. I did not rise to make a
i speech, and only intended to reply to_ the inter-
