1856.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
131
34th Cons.... 1st Sess.
Slavery in the Territories—Mr. Cadwalader.
Ho. of Reps.
partitions to new territorial i
attempt failed, because, as I
acquisitions. This
attempt failed, Decause, as i will presently have
occasion to show, local considerations rendered
the principle inapplicable. We were driven by
necessity to adopt here the nominal principle of
common possession with common enjoyment.
But as the Mexican laws locally in force had
excluded slavery from these territories, the appli-
cation of this-principle to them was illusory so
far as any possibility of participation in their
further settlement by slaveholders might be con-
cerned. Property in slaves was thus, in effect, ex-
cluded wholly from their limits. The principle of
the former partitions having become inapplicable |
and slaveholding settlers having been altogether j
excluded from this territory, the slaveholding j
States were, of right, entitled to an indemnification
for their loss if it could be afforded by giving to
them access, with their slaves, to other territory.
If such access could be given without any viola-
tion of existing rights of others in such .territory,
there could be no just cause for its denial. This
was true, although their exclusion from the ter-
ritory acquired from Mexico might have been the
result of unavoidable causes, for which the United
States were not responsible. Equal participation
in the beneficial enjoyment of this territory having
become impossible, and the whole benefit of its
enjoyment having, from the first, enured to one
class of its common proprietors, the other class
ought to receive an indemnification from some
other portion of the common property. This
principle was the moral basis of that praise-
worthy legislation of 1854 which the chairman
of the Committee on Territories has most inju-
diciously denominated a " conspiracy against
freedom."
To the northward of the latitude of 40°, climate
and other considerations make slavery practically
out of the question. To the southward of 36° 30',
on this side of the Rocky mountains, except in
that portion of what was taken from Texas and
annexed to New Mexico in 1850, the institution
of slavery is now established. From all parts of
our country to the westward of the Rocky mount-
ains it is excluded. This exclusion is probably
permanent. The Territory of Kansas, lying west-
ward of the State of Missouri, between the paral-
lels of latitude of 37° and 40°, is, therefore, now
the only space in which the question of slavery
is to be regarded as of any practical importance.
The question is, whether the force of a numerical
majority from the northern States can be right-
fully exercised in order to deprive our southern
brethren of the privilege of free access, with their
slave property, to this Territory—a Territory, be
it remembered, within degrees of latitude which,
to the eastward of its limits, include already five
■slaveholding States, and much more land of slave-
holders than land from which slavery is excluded.
Let us now trace the history of these success-
ivepartitions.
Tne first partition of territory was made by a
series of acts, in the years 1787, 1789, and 1790,
followed by an act of 1802. The power of the
Confederacy which preceded our present Constitu-
tion, if determinable solely by the terms of the Ar-
ticles of Confederation, was,perhaps, not greater
on the subject in question than that of the Con-
federacy su bsequently organized under our present
Constitution. But there was this difference: Un-
der this old Confederacy, members of Congress
were in constant communion with the Legisla-
tures and executive government of the several
States which they respectively represented. They
constantly acted under direct legislative instruc-
tions. As representatives of the several States,
they might be, and often were, authorized by their
respective Legislatures, to perform acts of sover-
eignty—exercising a delegated authority not un-
like the treaty-making power, and binding the
States by compacts with the confederated Gov-
ernment. It is difficult to measure the legal extent
of their power, when exercised under the sanction
«r acquiescence«f the States. Theiraction-, when
ratified by the States, especially when the States
were unanimous, might thus be the exercise of a
power taking effect independently of the Articles
of Confederation.
The boundaries of the United States, under the
treaty of 1783 with England, included not quite
eight hundred thousand square miles, of which
about one half was organized into States, and the :
other half was composed of Territories not thus
organized. These Territories were, as we know,
the subjects of successive cessions by the different i
States to the United States. The language in '
which the subjects of these cessions were defined,
and the conditions on which they were received,
have been too often overlooked. They were ex-
pressly cessions of both soil and jurisdiction. The
twofold expression, " soil and jurisdiction," was
employed in every case. The cessions were not
made or received unconditionally. The States
which had exacted them had, in their published
manifestoes on the subject, declared that these
Territories, wrested from England as the common
enemy by the blood and treasure of all the States,
should be considered a common property, and
should be parceled out by Congress into free and
independent States. By the resolution of Con-
gress of 1780, it had been stipulated that the unap-
propriated lands that might be ceded or relinquish-
ed to the United States by any particular State,
should be disposed of for the common benefit of the
United States, and be settled and formed into dis-
tinct republican States, which should become mem-
bers of the Federal Union, and have the same rights
of sovereignty, freedom, and independence as the
other States. Under this engagement, the United
States thus received the grant of the jurisdiction
as well as the soil of these Territories. A solemn
pledge was thus given that the Territories should
be governed for the common benefit. In the de-
bates and proceedings of the Federal convention,
and of the Virginia convention, it is manifest that
this was understood to mean " the common ben-
| efit" of the slaveholding as well as of the non-
slaveholding States.
Before the peace of 1783, some of the States had
begun the work of liberating their slaves. All
the States, at the time of the Declaration of In-
dependence, had been slaveholding, including
Massachusetts, though this has in her case been
denied. The original New England articles of
confederation of the previous century, to which
Massachusetts was a party, had contained a clause
for the rendition of fugitive slaves. The law of
Massachusetts, like that of the other States, rec-
ognized and protected property in slaves until the
adoption of her constitution, framed during the
war of the Revolution. But at the time of the
adoption of the Federal Constitution, a majority
of the States—seven of the thirteen—were non-
slaveholding. The jealous apprehension on the
part of the slaveholding States of an infringement
of their equal privileges, which now exists, Was
at that day manifested. Those who, in the Vir-
ginia convention, opposed the adoption of the
Constitution, inviting attention to the Territories,
accused the non-slaveholding States of withhold-
ing from what was then the West the navigation
of the Mississippi,through jealousy lest the power
of the slaveholding States might, perchance, there-
after equal that of the non-slaveholding; and
prophesied that the non-slaveholding States, if
they retained their numerical majority, would
unfairly prevent the admission into the Union of
new States in which slavery might be tolerated.
The defenders of the Constitution in that conven-
tion denounced these charges against their north-
ern brethren as illiberal and unjust.
Through menacing perils of disunion, at that
crisis of our destinies, we happily passed unhurt.
Through similar perils, which followed, we like-
wise passed. In the future such perils will prob-
ably De diminished, rather than increased. But
this happy result cannot be promoted by such
discourses as that of the chairman of the Commit-
tee on the Territories.
I have stated that, at the time of the establish-
ment of our present Constitution-, the area of the
original States was about four hundred thousand
square miles, exclusive of the Territories. Three
fifths of this area was then slaveholding-, and two
fifths only non-slaveholding. The Territories
were together of an area nearly equal to that of
the States. The partition of these Territories
then made was carried into effect by successive
acts, partly of the old Congress of the Confeder-
ation, and partly of the Congress under the pres-
ent Constitution. This legislation gave to the
non-slaveholding population about five eighths
of the territorial domain. The slaveholding pop-
ulation retained only about three eighths. The
territorial extension of the slaveholding and non-
slaveholdingparts of the Union was thus nearly
equalized. There was then a cautious observ-
ance of those compacts securing the rights of the
slaveholding States which the chairman of the
present Committee on the Territories would now
tear to tatters and scatter to the winds.
The ordinance excluding slavery from the
Northwestern Territory was passed by the Con-
gress of the Confederation in July, 1787. In
I August, 1787, a cession of other territory was
made by South Carolina, and accepted by the
Congress of the Confederation without any men-
tion of slavery. In September, 1787, the Consti-
tution was subscribed by the Federal convention.
The cession of 1789, by North Carolina, of the
territory lying westward of her limits, was ac-
cepted, in 1790, by the first Congress under the
Cor stitution. It contained the remarkable words:
" Provided always, That no regulations made, or to be
made, by Congress shall tend to emancipate slaves."
This territory lay wholly to the southward of
the line of 36° 30'—the old Virginia boundary—
which, under the North Carolina charters of 1677
and 1729, had originally extended to the Pacific
ocean, and would still have extended to that ocean
if the treaties of 1763 and 1783 had not limited our
territory on the westward by the Mississippi.
These-differing enactments of 1787 ana 1790
were thus applicable to different portions of the
territorial domain—the slaveholding southward
of latitude 36° 30', the non-slaveholding almost
wholly northward of 39°, and none of it extending
southward as far as 37°. These enactments, to-
gether, effected the first statutory partition of ter-
ritory ever made with reference to the question of
slavery. The cession by North Carolina was fol-
lowed in 1802 by a cession of territory made by
Georgia, under a condition which secured the
continuance of slavery. When the ordinance of
1787 was passed at Philadelphia, the Congress
of the Confederation which enacted it, and the
convention which framed the Constitution, were
both in session there. The members of both
bodies were, of course, in frequent communica-
tion with one another. The ordinance for the
Northwestern Territory passed the Congress by
a unanimous vote of the States. In 1784, this
Congress had nevertheless rejected a proposal
for the exclusion of slavery within this Territory.
These apparent diversities in congressional legis-
lation are all reconcilable with one another, if we
regard the successive acts as together constituting
a partition of the Territory with reference to this
question of slavery. They are otherwise alto-1
gether inexplicable.
It is, here, material to bear in mind that the
Constitution intervened between the ordinance of
1787 and the acceptance, in 1790, of the cession
made by North Carolina. This Constitution—
the charter of our title to the most important
political blessings, and to many of the social as
well as domestic blessings which we enjoy—gave
to Congress no control of the subject of slavery.
It nevertheless provided, as the Supreme Court
of the United States has said, for the most com-
plete recognition of the title of the inhabitants of
the slaveholding States to their property in slaves.
The Constitution treats slaves as persons and as
property; regarding them as inferior persons,'
who were subjects of private property. As per-
sons, they were not to be computed in the enu-
meration of inhabitants otherwise- than in view
of the political and individual rights of their pro-
prietors. In that computation it provides that
five of them shall be counted as equal to only
three whites. While it calls them "persons,
it thus recognizes their inferiority as a race. It
treats them as subjects of property, providing
that the direct taxation shall-, with reference t 
them, be in the same ratio a* the representation—
three to five. It provides for the recaption and
restoration of fugitive slaves, as property, to thei#
owners. It treated them as a subject of Commerce
—a commerce which Congress might regulate*
except with reference to their importation from
foreign ports into States of the Union desiring to
increase their slave population. This importation
was left open to the people of these States, by an
express exclusion of the power to prohibit such
importation, for twejfily years. The purpose of
