133
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[March 5}
34th Cong....1st Sess.
Slavery in the Territories—Mr. Cadwalader.
Ho. of Reps.
this clause of the Constitution was, that no por-
tion of the slaveholding part of the country should
be left at liberty to determine, arbitrarily, by a
selfish standard, the future value of slaves in the
then unsettled territories of the South, or to pre-
vent their introduction into those Territories.
The States of South Carolina and Georgia would
not have adopted the Constitution if this pro-
vision had been omitted.
The spirit of the provision which prohibited
congressional interference with the foreign slave
trade until 1808,was manifested in another clause
of the Constitution, which, while it gives to Con-
gress and the States, under certain conditions, the
power to amend the Constitution, excepts this
tary disposal of the public domain and the exer-
cise of general political sovereignty, was fifteen
years later, more particularly considered by the
Supreme Court in the investigation of the title to
the New Jersey shore oyster fisheries. A dis-
tinction then established has been since repeat-
edly recognized by that court. At the present
day few constitutional lawyers would venture to
rest the political jurisdiction of Congress over the
Territories exclusively upon this clause of the
Constitution. Fewer constitutional jurists would |
contend that either under this clause, or inde-
pendently of it, Congress has the power by legis- j
lation to exclude slavery from all the Territories. |
Of those few who might still recognize the cxist-
temporarv right of importing slaves from Africa, ence of the power on grounds purely legal, a very
In order that their proportional number and value
in different parts of the slaveholding country
might be equalized, this clause was expressly
excepted from the operation of the clause author-
izing amendments. In a like spirit, the provision
that no capitation or direct tax shoula be laid
otherwise than in proportion to the census by
which five slaves were to be enumerated as three
persons, was permanently excepted from the op-
eration of the clause authorizing amendments.
This clause, moreover, while it allowed two thirds
of each House of Congress to suggest an amend-
ment to the Constitution, required a concurrent
vote of three fourths of the States in *order to
pass it. This was cautiously provided, lest the
small number probably would contend that the
exercise of such a power in its utmost extent
would be rightful. From the operation of these
remarks, if some of the members of the present
Congress are to be excepted, this is attributable
to peculiar causes already mentioned, which have
brought together an unusual number of members
who misrepresent their constituents, and enter-
tain opinions to which probably few men in Con-
gress will give utterance after the 3d of March,
1857.
The partition of the Territories made by the
acts which immediately preceded and followed
the adoption of the Constitution, was therefore,
in part, an act of the sovereign States under the
greater number of the non-slaveholding States old Confederation, and wholly their act so far as
should ultimately overpower the slaveholding.
A clause in the Constitution conferring upon
Congress the power to dispose of, and make all
needful rules and regulations respecting, the ter-
ritory or other property belonging to the United
States, has been supposed by some persons to
confer upon Congress an unconditional sovereign
political, as well as proprietary, jurisdiction over
the Territories. Under this clause, it has, there-
fore, been assumed by some persons that Con-
gress has the power—whether it has or has not
the right—to exclude slavery wholly from the
i any prohibition of slavery was involved. By
this act of the old Congress the Northwestern
Territory was placed under different regulations
from the remaining Territories. Slavery was
excluded. But how was it excluded? Not under
the Constitution of the United States, which had
not then been engrossed by its framers, but by
the unanimous vote of the States in the Congress
of the Confederation. The result of the partition
of which this ordinance was the first act, was, .
that the slaveholding States and the Territories '
. _ . . , „ which remained open to the introduction of sla-
lemtories. If this clause conferred any other very were, together, nearly as extensive as the !
than a proprietary jurisdiction, it would not have non-slaveholding States and the Northwestern i
exempted the United States from their obligation, ; Territory. The difference, less than eighteen!
thousand square miles, did not exceed twenty- !
incurred under the resolution of 1780 and their
acceptance of the cessions made under it, to ex-
ercise their jurisdiction over the Territories for !
the common benefit of the slaveholding and non- !
slaveholding States. Another clause of the Con-
stitution provided that all engagements entered !
into before the adoption of the Constitution should I
be as valid against the United States under the '
Constitution as against the Confederation. In !
accepting the cessions of both jurisdiction and soil
upon the conditions provided in the resolutions
of 1780, the United States had entered into an
engagement to abide by those conditions. But,ac-
cording to the most approved interpretation of the :
Constitution, the clause respecting the Territories
gave to Congress no other than a proprietary ju-
risdiction. This appears by the context in the
particular clause itself, and by contrasting its pro-
visions with those of the clause conferring on
Congress, in very different language, the power
to exercise exclusive legislation over such district
of limited dimensions as might/in a prescribed
mode, become the seat of Government, and to ex-
ercise like authority oyer places purchased with
the consent of the States for' certain prescribed
purposes. This contrast of language authorizes
us to distinguish the words applicable to propri-
etary, frohi those applicable to general political
jurisdiction. The contrast is further strengthened
by recurring to the terms of the cessions of the
territories to the United States. These cessions
it will be remembered, expressly transferred the'
jurisdiction, as well as the soil. On one occasion,
. thjrty years ago, the Supreme Court of
the United States appear to have regarded as im-
material the inquiry whether the general political
jurisdiction of Congress over the Territories
was derived from the clause in which the pro-
prietary jurisdiction is defined, or was deducible
from other sources of power, "Whatever may
have there been its immateriality in a legal point
of view, there can be no doubt of its importance
a* a question of statesrnanahip involving politi-
cal considerations. As a purely legal question,
the preliminary distinction between the proprie-
three one-thousandths of the whole area of our
country at that day. |
Soon after the commencement of the present
century, we made, under the treaty with France,
our first acquisition of new territory. The parti- i
tion of this territory made or attempted by Con- ■
greSs in 1820, is the next subject which requires
consideration. This territory included originally
nearly, if not quite, a million and a half of square ]
miles, bounded by the Rocky Mountains, the
Rio Rrande, Gulf of Mexico, and Mississippi
river, and a line extending northwardly, as au-
thorized by the treaty of 1783, to the Lake of
the Woods. By the treaties of 1818 with F.ng- !i
land, and 1819 with Spain, its area was reduced to ' J
perhaps less than ono million one hundred thou- !
sand; say about one million seventy thousand j
square miles. Of this territory there were, to
the northward of the latitude of 40°, perhaps
about seven hundred and twenty thousand square
miles; between 40o and 360 30', about two hun- ;
dred thousand; and southward of 36° 30', about
one hundred and fifty thousand. ~
amount of one '
j been finally excluded from about two thirds of
, this whole quantity, say from about one million
two hundred and sixty thousand square miles,
and would have continued to exist in the remain-
ing third part, or six hundred and sixty thousand
square miles. This partition would have been
less unequal in value than in quantity. The
slaveholding country embraced all the territory
capable of producing the great staple on which our
, national wealth is mainly dependent, all our coast
I on the Gulf of Mexico, and a large proportion of
the Atlantic coast. The slaveholding States were
content with the arrangement, if it could have been
carried into effect according to its spirit as well aa
according to its literal import.
Texas was restored to us in 1845. In I84G our
title to Oregon, including the present Territory
of Washington, was defined and ascertained in
such a manner as to render it an available posses-
sion. This Oregon Territory, with Texas, em-
braced an area which may be variously estimated,
as the western boundary of Texas may be vari-
ously defined. Assuming that Texas and Oregon
included seven hundred and fifty thousand square
miles, about four hundred thousand were to the
northward and about three hundred and fifty
! thousand to the southward of the old Carolina
| and Virginia line of 36° 30'. On the assumed
' principle of the Missouri compromise, this line
had been carried out through Texas by the act
of annexation of 1845.
On the ratification of the treaty with England
in 1846, the first year of our war with Mexico,
our whole country thus embraced nearly, if not
quite, two million seven hundred thousand square
miles. Slavery was then permitted in scarcely
more than a million of square miles. The slave-
holding States were, however, content to abide
by the principle of the Missouri compromise.
This acquiescence of the southern States was
generally regarded as having obviated certain
legal difficulties which would probably have pre-
vented a compulsory enforcement of this prin-
ciple. The act of 1820, in which the so-called
compromise originated, left the territory south of
latitude 36° 30' unrestricted, so that it might be
organized into States with or without slavery, as
the inhabitants might afterwards constitutionally
determine the question for themselves. North-
ward of that line of latitude, slavery was, by the
act of" 1820, in express terms, " forever prohib-
ited." The signification of this word " forever,"
if it couid have been doubtful, was determined in
its broadest sense by the Texas annexation act
of 1845, which, after enacting that such States as
might be formed out of the portion of Texaslying
south of 36°30' north latitude, commonly known
as the Missouri compromise line, should be ad-
mitted into the Union with or without slavery,
as the people of each State asking admission might
desire, contained these additional words:
"And in such State or States as shall be formed out
of said Territory north of said Missouri compromise line,
slavery or in voluntary servitude shall be prohibited."
Whether such an enactment would have been
constitutionally valid within a Territory before its
organization as a State,is a doubtful proposition,
as I have endeavored to show under a former
head of my remarks; but that it was altogether
fl ,, , , , unconstitutional in its application to a State or to
hnndrprf ,1' ! !' a. Terntory cotemporarfeously with its organiza-
™lJ^USa"?' We I U<?n ™ recognition as a State, is a proposition
which has, at least three times, been recognized by
the Supreme Court of the United States, and has,
in principle, been once, if not twice, directly ad-
judicated.
The controversy which resulted in the act called
the Missouri compromise, nevertheless, originated
in an endeavor of representatives in Congress
from the northern States to exclude slavery from
Missouri at the time of her admission as a sov-
ereign and independent State into the Union.
I am not one of those who find any difficulty
in recognizing the origin of the power of Congress
? JT nda' acqulred from Spain in exchange
, for Texas, under the treaty of 1819, the area j
of territory to the southward of 36° 30' was in-
creased to about two hundred and ten thousand, j
making- the whole area of our acquisitions from I
rrance and Spain, in this direction, perhaps, !
about one million one hundred and thirty thou-
sand square miles. If these estimates are correct,
the intended operation of the attempted partition i
of 1820, called the Missouri compromise, was to :
exclude slavery from about eight hundred and
ntty-five thousand square miles, or about three
tourths of this territory, and to permit its exist-
*1  • • y. * ,
ence within the remaining fourth, containing
about two hundred and seventy-five thousand
square miles, including Florida and the State of
Missouri. The whole area of the United States
was then about one million nine hundred and
twenty thousand square miles. If this partition
had been earned into effect, slavery would have
over newly-acquired territory, or in defining the
limitations to the exercise of that power. If it
were necessary to refer to the successive treaties
under which our territory of this description has
been acquired, they contain all that would be re-
quisite for the grant of the power, and for its defi-
nition and limitation. In the French cession,
in the Spanish and in the Mexican, we find a
