142
THE CONGRESSIONAL' GLOBE.
January 3,
It was the result of an ardent and heartfelt desire
to aid in the organization of this House. 1 do
not desire to dictate to any gentleman upon this
floor. „ ,
Mr BARKSDALE. I am not willing to shape |
my course to suit the purposes or the object of
the gentleman from Alabama, or of the party with
which he is associated.
It seems to me, then, that it is our duty to
maintain the organization of the Democratic
party—to stand upon our principles. We are
not responsible for the non-organization of this
House, and we cannot be held to that responsi-
bility before the country. The Democracy are
in a minority here of more than eighty votes.
The Opposition are responsible, whether they
agree upon the slavery question or not. Together
they are making war upon the Democratic party
and a Democratic Administration; and upon them
devolves the responsibility of organizing this
House, Hence, I cannot vote for the resolution
of the gentleman from Alabama. I believe if I
should give such a vote—and in saying this I do
not intend any reflection upon gentlemen who vote
differently from myself—I should be violating
my obligations to my party, and imperil the
interests of my constituents.
Mr.McGlUEEN. If I understand the question,
the original proposition is to elect Mr. Boyce as
Speaker; the first amendment is to strike out the
name of Mr. Boyce and substitute that of Mr.
Banks; the second amendment is to strike out
both those names and insert that of Mr. Penning-
ton. Then I presume that the first vote will be
taken for the election of Mr. Pennington, the
second for that of Mr. Banks, and the third and
last for that of Mr. Boyce. Under these circum-
stances, 1 vote ay.
Mr. QUITMAN. I regret to differ from my
honorable colleague [Mr. Barksdale] in opinion
as to the results which, from his remarks, he
appears to think will follow from a refusal to lay
these propositions on the table. I have, in com-
mon with some other gentlemen who have here-
tofore acted with me in this House, voted against
laying this resolution on the table; and 1 wish to
say to those gentlemen who think otherwise, that
they misapprehend the question. By laying these
resolutions and amendments on the table, we shall
prevent a direct vote on them. Now, I desire a
diieet vote on these propositions. Are gentlemen
afraid of that? Are there any members of the
Democratic party afraid to meet either of the
propositions before the House? Why, they are
simply what we have been voting for all along.
So long as the Democratic party will continue to
vote for Mr. Richardson, 1 expect that I will also
vote for that gentleman, and 1 will vote against
the substitution of any other name for his. But
I think it essential and important to the interests
of the party with which I am acting that we
should hear the developments which will prob-
ably bo made if we proceed to a direct vote on
these propositions. What will be the state of
the question if the motion to lay on the table be
not agreed to? In the first place, the House will
proceed to vote on the substitution of the name
of Mr. Pennington for that of Mr. Banks. If
that amendment be not adopted, the House will
then proceed to vote on the substitution of the
name of Mr. Banks for that of Mr. Boyce. Well,
sir, if a majority of the House approve of electing
Mr. Banks as Speaker, so be it. I do not stand
here to prevent the carrying out of the will of a
majority of this House, it is to bo presumed,
however, that inasmuch as no majority can be
found to elect Mr. Banks by a direct vote, neither
can any majority be found to vote for the amend-
men t. Then, if the amendment be voted do wn, the
question will come up on the original resolution
of the gentleman Alabama; and then, if the
party with which I am acting do not approve of
it, my colleague and myself will be found voting
against this resolution. But I repeat, if the mo-
tion to lay on the table be negatived, we will
probably see some developments which may here-
after serve the party with which I am acting. In
my assent to the proceedings of the Democratic
caucus, I did not consider myself as precluded
from independent action on "questions such as
that now before the House.
If the gentlemen on the other side of the House,
who support the proposition of the gentleman
from Alabama, will tender to us the olive-branch,
it is for them to do so—either on the floor of
this'House or elsewhere. The question now be-
fore us is merely one of policy, not of principle.
For myself, I am determined to adhere to the
principles upon which I have hitherto acted, so
long as my conscience approves of them, and "no
longer. When the proposition of the gentleman
from Alabama shall come up for a direct vote, I
will prefer first to confer with my own party;
but, for the present, the only question before the
House is on laying the resolution on the table,
and coming to a direct vote on the various prop-
ositions. I do not commit myself by my vote
to either of them. I leave myself entirely uncom-
mitted, and at liberty to vote according to the
dictates of my own conscience when the direct
vote shall come before the House.
I have said, Mr. Clerk, all that I intend to say
in explanation of my vote. It seems to me that
many of my friends misconstrue and misappre-
hend the true question before them. It simply is,
whether we shall come to a direct vote on these
propositions, or whether we shall pass them over.
If we do come to a direct vote, I shall probably
be found voting with my party. But I take the
responsibility of acting from my own suggestion
on the proposition to lay on the table, because I
believe that the permanent good of the party with
which I act, and the permanent good of the coun-
try, will be promoted by allowing developments
to take place on the direct vote on these proposi-
tions. If, as I said before, it be the sense of the
House to elect Mr. Banks, we must submit to
the majority. If it be the sense of the House to
elect Mr. Boyce, I shall rejoice at such a result.
But I do not mean to act directly on the proposi-
tion until I shall have met in consultation with
those with whom I have thus far acted.
Mr. BOCOCK. I ask leave to make an ex-
planation in regard to a point introduced by the
gentleman from Mississippi, [Mr. Barksdale.]
Mr. BARKSDALE, (interrupting.) I desire
to make a remark or two in reply to my honor-
able colleague, [Mr. Quitman,] but if I cannot
get the floor now for that purpose, I give the
House notice that I will ask it at some future
time.
Mr. BOCOCK. I wish to say one or two
words, in consequence of some remarks that have
been made by other gentlemen, and especially in
consequence of the introduction on this floor of
proceedings that have taken place elsewhere.
Now, it is needless for me to say to my breth-
ren of the Democratic party, with whom I have
thus far acted, that there has been no man more
cordial and thorough in his devotion to the prin-
ciples on which the Democratic party has hith-
erto stood in this contest than I have been. There
is no man on this floor, Mr. Clerk, who has a
higher appreciation of the character and the ser-
vices of the honorable gentleman from Illinois
[Mr. Richardson] than I have; and no gentle-
man would go further than 1 would to make him
Speaker of this House. I came upon this floor
at the same time with the honorable gentleman
from Illinois. During the whole time of his ser-
vice, I have been his associate on this floor, and I
take pleasure in saying, that on almost every im-
portant questWi which has arisen, so far as I
now remember, I have found my judgment and
determination cordially coinciding with his. I
may therefore say, that I should consider it an
important achievement, not only for the great
Democratic party of which I am a member, and
which, for the country's good and the country's
quiet, I hope soon again to see restored to com-
plete ascendency on this floor, but I should con-
sider it a greater achievement for the Constitution
and for the nation, if we could secure the election
of that honorable gen Anan. We have been, how-
ever, trying to accomplish that object for four or
five weeks. The prospect now seems to be not
more bright than it was at the beginning.
I should not think, therefore, that I was doing
my duty to my country nor to my constituents,
if, with so slight a prospect of electing the gen-
tleman from Illinois Speaker of this House, I
should stand here and oppose a proposition to
elect another gentleman in his stead, when that
other may be of sound faith, of sound principles,
and m cordial and thorough cooperation with us
on the very platform on which the gentleman
from Illinois has been nominated. I could, under
no circumstances, vote for any gentleman whom
I did not consider sound on the cardinal points
of our faith. But, sir, if I am not mistaken, there
is no gentleman here who has more cordially
indorsed- the resolution adopted at the original
caucus of the Democratic party of the< House,
than my honorable friend from South Carolina,
[Mr. Boyce.] Again, sir, I say, in justice to
myself and to the constituents whom I represent,
that, though at an earlier period of the session I
might have done otherwise, yet at this stage of
these proceedings, I cannot stand here to reject
such a proposition, notwithstanding the fact that
I would like exceedingly to have the gentleman
from Illinois elected.
Now, Mr. Clerk, another question has been
raised by the gentleman from Mississippi, [Mr.
Barksdale.] It has been said that the Demo-
cratic party in the House, by its action in caucus,
stands committed to adhere to its candidate.
Sir, it is always inconvenient, and, I may say,
that, in my judgment, it is a violation of parlia-
mentary usage, to introduce the action of a caucus
upon the floor of a legislative body. The usage
seems to me to be a sound and discreet one, be-
cause if one gentleman, for the sake of explain-
ing his position, brings forward his recollection
of what was done in caucus, another gentleman,
holding a different opinion, may feel it incumbent
upon him to bring out other things which were
done for the sake of setting himself right. I
shall not, therefore, go into the action of the
caucus here, further than to say that, if the
gentleman from Mississippi is under the impres-
sion that there was any understanding among its
members, in ease the national American party m
the House presented a candidate here for Speaker,
standing upon our platform, in such a shape as
to make his election probable, that in such an
event we should reject the proposition, I can'
only inform him that my recollection is different
from his.
In relation to myself, the gentleman from Mis-
sissippi has expressly exonerated me, and I have
nothing to say on that point by way of further
explanation. I will say a\j rd in relation to other
gentlemen acting with me. I do not consider that
there was any understanding in either of the Dem-
ocratic caucuses, that in case a proposition was
made by the American party in good faith, to
take a sound avArcliable man, and there was a
probability that an election might result from it,
then the members of those caucuses should be
pledged to reject it.
Sir, how are we to know what is the probabil-
ity of an election ? How can we tell what would
be the effect of the proposition if we lay it on the
table ? I want to see how far the gentleman from
Alabama has submitted this resolution—I will
not say in good faith, for I will not question the
sincerity of the gentleman—but I desire to see
how far he has moved in concert with those who
usually act with him on this floor. I desire to
see whether they will indorse his action as em-
bodied in the proposition. If this is the result
of a concerted movement amongst those gentle-
men, it would place it very nearly in our power
to effect an election. A little aid from the scat-
terors would do it. If the members of his party
do not indorse this movement of the honorable
gentleman from Alabama, let us show it by bring-
in" them to the test.
I have just been requested by a friend to ask
the gentleman from Alabama whether, in the prop-
osition which he has made, he has consulted the
members of the party with which he acts, and
has their concurrence?
Mr. WALKER. Does the gentleman wish
me to answer now?
Mr. BOCOCK. No, sir; to save time, I with-
draw the question.
Mr. WALKER. It is very well you do.
Mr. BOCOCK. I do not know what the gen-
tleman from Alabama means by saying, it is very
well that I do. I will go on to say a word or two
in relation to the rules of parliamentary practice
arising in this case.
Some of the gentlemen who have explained
their positions here have, in my judgment, mis-
taken the parliamentary proceeding which would
follow in case the resolution is not laid on the
table. They appear to think that in that event
the House and each member of it would be com-
pelled to choose between the gentleman from New
Jeisey [Mr. Pennington] and the gentleman
