1856.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
18S
34th Cong....1st Sess.
Slavery in the Territories—Mr. Cadwalader.
Ho. of Reps.
provision, substantially, though not literally, the
same in each, to the effect that the inhabitants
of the newly-acquired territory shall, as soon
as may he consistent with the principles of our
Government, be incorporated into the Union,
and admitted to the enjoyment of all the rights
and privileges of citizens of the United States,
under the Constitution; and that, in the mean '
time, their rights of property, and certain other
specified rights, shall be maintained and protected.
Independently of these provisions of the treaties,
and independently of the treaty-making power
under the Constitution, the authority to establish
a government within their limits would result from
the mere fact, that for all external purposes the
United States arc a single nation, and, like every
other nation, liable to the loss, and capable of the
acquisition, of territory. If we have the power
to acquire territory, the incidents of its acqui-
sition under the laws of nations, must, of course,
attach themselves to its acquisition. We may
therefore govern them under the Federal Consti-
tution by congressional legislation. But when we
come to perform the office of legislators in Con-
gress, we are bound, not merely by the treaties to
which I have referred, but likewise by the pro-
visions of the Constitution of which the language
of those treaties is declaratory, to exercise this
legislative power for the common benefit. Other-
wise we cannot rightfully exercise it at all.
The principles by which congressional legisla-
tion as to newly-acquired territories ought to be
regulated are, therefore, the same as those which
were applicable to the old Territories, acquired
as common property under the acts of cession.
The fundamental reason, that they were acquired ;
by an expenditure of the comTnon blood or com-
mon treasure of all the States, is assuredly ap-
plicable to the subjects of every one of the suc-
cessive cessions.
These questions had slumbered peacefully from
the adoption of the Constitution of the United 1
States until the organization of Missouri as a J
State was in contemplation, when, in an evil hour, '
they were unwisely agitated, and unfortunately
became sectional questions. Citizens of non-
slaveholding States, to whom the question of
slavery was a mere abstraction, who had studied
it from a distance, and to whom it was of little
more importance than that of the burning of !
Hindoo widows in India, influenced by specula-
tive notions of humanity, agitated the questions
in town-meetings and other informally-convened
assemblages, without even attempting, in the >
outset of their proceedings, to discuss closely the ,
provisions of the Constitution of the United States.
Representatives in Congress, under instructions
derived mainly from such local assemblies, rushed J
headlong, without adequate preparation for the 1
contest, into the unfortunate Missouri contro- [
versy. They were met in Congress in 1819 and i
1820, by southern statesmen, to whom the contro-
versy involved a domestic question which, to
them, was one of every day's experience. It
was the more familiar to them, as it was vitally ;
important to their political, and social, and pro- i
pnetary interests. They treated the subject as j
men conversant with all that was involved in it.
What was the result? Northern statesmen,
though fully able to cope on other questions with
those with whom they found themselves com-
petitors, were, by the force of reason, compelled
to yield. The Constitution was too strong to be
overborne. The more judicious of the northern
members, to relieve themselves from the embar-
rassment in which disobedience of, or continued
obedience to, the requirements of their constitu-
ents would have involved them, appealed to the
generosity of their southern brethren on this
floor. The late Henry Baldwin, a man of gigantic
intellect and unsurpassed industry of investiga-
tion, who was equaled by few in practical sagacity
—whose name has not of late been mentioned
with the praise due to him for his useful mediation
in this business—took a leading part in these
efforts to adjust this first sectional controversy."
For its adjustment, northern men invited their
brethren of the slaveholding States to agree to a
Eartition by means of which this question should
e settled. It had been found that the attempt to
impose the restriction on Missouri as a State was
■not only morally wrong, but legally unconstitu-
tional. The compromise thus proposed from the
North was carried by southern votes, with the
aid of no more northern votes than were neces-
sary in order to pass it. That is the truth of
history. Those old enough to recollect those
days will concur in attesting this truth.
What was the principle of the attempted ad-
justment? To establish, a second time, by con-
vention, a line by which property that could not
be conveniently enjoyed in common, might be ;
made the subject of a partition. After the north- 1
era majority of this House had been driven from I
I the ground of excluding slavery wholly from the
I limits of the French cession, originally assumed
' by them, there was a warmly-agitated controversy
where the line of the proposed division should
' be drawn. Another deceased patriot—a distin-
; guished soldier and statesman—afterwards Pres-
ident of the United States—for whom those who,
like myself, differed from him in politics will
never cease to entertain the highest respect and
veneration—proposed a line coincident with the
present northern line of Missouri to the northward
" of that of Kansas, as the limit between the slave- !
holding and the non-slaveholding territory. An-
other statesman, from the North, had,in an earlier
stage of the controversy proposed the old line of j
36° 30'. When the adoption of this line had been J
thus proposed by him, it had been intended as a !
means of excluding slavery from Missouri as well j
as from the Territories westward of her borders.
Finally, so far as the State of Missouri was con-
cerned, law and reason prevailed. Her constitu-
tional right to regulate her own domestic institu-
tions was reluctantly acknowledged. The partition
was made by a bare majority. The line of 36°
30', to the westward of the State of Missouri, was
made the division in terms which I have already
quoted. That it was, in its greatest attempted
' extension, an illegal enactment is now universally
admitted. It was, however, acquiesced in by ,
the people of the southern States, who were the 1
only parties who could reasonably have objected,
i Whether it was founded in law or not, they abided
, by it contentedly.
Thus the question of slavery in the Territories,
I with occasional agitation from the North, but
i never from the South, rested until after we had
I acquired new territory from Mexico.
j On this occasion the Representatives of the 1
! slaveholding States in Congress, acting with per-
fect good faith, agreed unanimously in a proposal
j to extend the old division-line of 36° 30' to the ,
] Pacific ocean. There was, however, a valid ob-
: jection to this proposed' extension of that line
westward of the Rocky mountains. Govern-
i ments had been previously organized to the west-
' ward of those mountains. Former local institu- ,
i tions under these governments were entitled to j
i protection. By these institutions slavery had !
j been excluded from these territories. To have
! changed their condition, in this respect, would
j have been wrong. For this reason the proposal
of the southern Representatives, though other-
! wise perfectly just and reasonable, was rejected
by the Congress of 1850.
California became a member of the Union as a
non-slaveholding State through the legislation of
that year. This completed the exclusion of sla-
1 very from our portion of the Pacific coast extend-
ing through seventeen degrees of latitude, of which
about a fourth was to the southward of 36° 30'.
i Through the same legislation the territorial gov-
. em ments of Utah, lying to the northward, and of
! New Mexico to the southward of 36° 30', were
j organized on the nominal principle of permitting
i the inhabitants to determine their domestic insti-
! tutions for themselves. Those institutions already
! excluded slavery. This, therefore, completed its
exclusion from the whole .country acquired from
( Mexico. This country included California, Utah,
S i and New Mexico. Its whole area westward of the
Rocky mountains "was about half a million square
miles. To the Territory of New Mexico the
Mesilla purchase (nearly eighty thousand square
miles) was afterwards annexed. By the act of1850,
about this quantity of territory eastward of the
Rocky mountains, had, with the consent of Texas,
also been annexed to New Mexico. The areas of
the present State of California, and Territories of
! Utah and New Mexico, with these two additions,
!! are, together, about six hundred and sixty thou-
sand square miles. This territory, from which
slavery has apparently been forever excluded by
this legislation, is about equal in area to the sum
of the areas of the present Territories of Kansas
and Nebraska. This brings us to the legislation
of 1854.
These Territories of Kansas and Nebraska,
then without any organized government, were a
part of the French cession lyirfg northward of lati-
tude 36° 30'. For this line 370 has been substituted
as the southern boundary of Kansas for local rea-
sons, connected with Indian settlements on the
border. According to the letter of the Missouri
compromise act, slavery was to be excluded from
their limits. But we have seen that, in 1850, it had
been found impossible to extend this line west-
ward across the Rocky mountains. The old line,
where it had formerly been established, eastward
of these mountains, had therefore been wholly
disregarded in the legislation of 1850. Thus we
have seen that a portion of Texas lying south-
ward of 360 30',equal, or nearly equal in area, to
the seven States of Massachusetts, Rhode Island,
Connecticut, New York, New Jersey, Delaware,
and Maryland, was annexed to the non-sjiave-
holding Territory of New Mexico. Slavery was
thus, in 1850, excluded from this territory which,
under the Missouri compromise, had been left
open to slavery.
I started with the proposition, that the refusal
in 1849 and 1850 to extend the division-line of
36° 30' westward of the Rocky mountains, car-
ried with it an incidental obligation to abrogate
the restriction of the Missouri compromise in
Kansas and Nebraska. To take from the slave-
holding States all the territories westward of the
Rocky mountains, and still retain for the non-
slaveholding States almost the whole of the ter-
ritories eastward of these mountains, would have
been unjust. An arrangement mutually beneficial
westward of the Rocky mountains" was impossible.
But Kansas and Nebraska, north of 37°, were
still unsettled and unorganized. Their superficial
area was, as I have said, coextensive with that
of the territory from which slavery had been ex-
cluded in 1850. True, the greater portion of Ne-
braska, comprising not less than four fifths of this
unorganized territory, was to the northward of
40°, and therefore probably not open to settle-
ment by slaveholders. But in Kansas, occupying
the space between 40° and 37°, there was at least
the possibility of a partial equivalent for the loss
by the slaveholding States of a participation in
the beneficial enjoyment of the territory on the
Pacific.
All that was effected, or attempted, in 1854, by
the act organizing the territorial governments of
Kansas and Nebraska, was to permit the settlers
in these Territories to regulate for themselves their
own domestic institutions, including the subject of
slavery. The concurrence in opinion of statesmen
who united in this restoration to the people of the
slaveholding States, in one quarter, of what they
had been deprived of in another quarter, is denom-
1 inated by the chairman of the Committee on Ter-
ritories a conspiracy against freedom!
The Missouri restriction," a precedent that had
rode in a storm," was no longer morally, if it
had ever been legally, in force. It had been
wholly disregarded in the legislation of 1850.
But it was upon the statute-book still unrepealed.
To remove all doubt upon the question whether
this restriction was to be legally in force in these
Territories, the act of 1854, after giving to the
Constitution and all laws of the United States not
locally inapplicable, the-same effect within their
limits, as elsewhere within the United States, ex-
cepted the Missouri restriction act; declaring it
inoperative and void, as inconsistent with the
principle recognized by the legislation in 1850 of
non-intervention by Congress with slavery in the
States and Territories. It was further declared to
be the true intent and meaning of the act not to
legislate slavery into, or exclude it from, any
Territory or State, but to leave the people of the
States and Territories perfectly free to form and
regulate their domestic institutions in their own
way, subject only to the Constitution of the
United States.
In the controversial discussion of the bill in
the last Congress, a question arose whether this
part of it was not equivalent, under the terms of
