1856.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
143
from Massachusetts, [Mr. Banks,] as an ultimate
choice. That is not the fact. ]f the motion to
lay on the table is voted down, the question will
then recur on striking out the name of Mr. Banks
and inserting that of Mr. Pennington. If it is
carried in the affirmative, Mr. Pennington's
name will be inserted, and the question will then
have to be decided between Mr. Pennington
and Mr. Boyce. Otherwise the question will be
between Mr. Banks and Mr. Boycf.
Mr. ZOLLICOFFER I rise to a question of
order. I ask the Clerk whether the result of the
vote has been announced ?
The CLERK. It has not.
Mr. ZOLLICOFFER. Then I submit that all
this discussion is out of order.
The CLERK. The Clerk has so stated; but
it has thus for proceeded without objection.
Mr. ZOLLICOFFER. I object to its proceed-
ing further.
Mr. BOCOCK. I only desire to state the par-
liamentary law of the case. I hope the gentleman
will allow me to go on and finish.
Mr. ZOLLICOFFER. I dislike to interrupt
the gentleman from Virginia, but there are other
gentlemen here who also desire to make explana-
tions; and I think the result of the vote had better
be announced, and then gentlemen may make
their explanations in order.
Mr. BOCOCK. Well, sir, I will only say
that, if this resolution is not laid on the table, a
vote must ultimately be taken between Mr. Boyce
and Mr. Pennington, or Mr. Banks, or what-
ever gentleman is named in opposition to him.
Gentlemen may take whomsoever they will, and
his strength must be tried with that of the gentle-
man from South Carolina, [Mr. Boyce.] We
may thus ascertain who is strongest, and whether
anygentleman can obtainamajority oftheHouse.
This can only be done at this time by refusing to
lay the resolution upon the table. Having said
this much, I will not detain the House by any
further remarks.
Mi. READY obtained the floor.
The CLERK. The Clerk must remind the
gentleman that this discussion is all out of order,
inasmuch as the result of the vote has not been
announced. The gentleman from Tennessee has
raised the question of order, and objects to it3
proceeding further. 0
Mr. BOCOCK. I would merely suggest that
the gentleman from Tennessee raised his question
upon me, and, inasmuch as 1 have concluded my
remarks, I suppose the question of order falls.
The CLERK. The Clerk thinks it is not in
order for the gentleman from Tennessee [Mr.
Ready] to proceed with his remarks.
** Mr. ZOLLICOFFER. I move that the result
of the vote be announced.
Mr. CRAWFORD. Desiring to understand
from the Clerk the state of the question in case
the resolution is not laid on the table, I ask if the
•next vote would not be upon striking out the
name of Mr. Banks, and inserting that of Mr.
Pennington ?
The CLERK. That question would next be
submitted to the House.
Mr. CRAWFORD. Then, sir, not desiring to
make a choice between these two gentlemen for
Speaker, and not in consideration of anything
which has fallen from gentlemen on this floor, I
aesire to change my vote from no to ay. [Cries
of "Order!" " xlnnounee the vote."]
Mr. ORR obtained the floor.
The CLERK. The question of order having
been raised, the Clerk must decide that all this
discussion is out of order.
Mr. ORR. Mr. Clerk, I have not voted.
[Laughter.]
The CLERIC. The Clerk begs the gentle-
man's pardon; he thought the object of the gen-
tleman in rising was to continue the discussion.
Mr. ORR. I desire-to vote, but, before doing
so, it may perhaps be well to state, that when this
question was first presented, I was considerably
embarrassed to know how to act. But the votes
that have been given upon the motion to lay upon
the table have relieved me from that embarrass-
ment. I find that eiglit gentlemen belonging to
the American party have shown their opposition
to the resolution of the gentleman from Alabama,
by voting to lay it on the table, to wit; Messrs.
Cdllen, Humphrey Marshall, Alexander
K. Marshall, Rf.ade, Sneed, Swope, Valk,
Rivers, andZollicoffer. NoV,sir,itisevident,
with that number of the American party ofthe
House hostile to it, if I were to vote in the neg-
ative upon laying upon the table, the resolution
would result in nothing. I therefore vote in the
affirmative.
Mr. HARRIS, of Illinois. I shall not make
a very lengthy speech to the House. I change
my vote from no to ay.
Mr. COBB, of Alabama. Finding that the
South Americans [great laughter] are deserting
us, I change my vote from no to ay.
[Here a large number of members rose in their
places, and changed their votes from ay to no, or
no to ay.]
The CLERK. It is impossible for the clerks
to take down the changes, if members continue
to change as rapidly as they have. [Laughter.]
Mr. RUST. Mr. Clerk, as gentlemen who
voted with myself have seen lit to change their
votes and assign their reasons for doing so, if in
order I would be glad to state why I shall adhere
to mine. If, as gentlemen say,it places me in a
false position, I am willing to occupy it, and meet
the responsibility, whatever it may be, that at-
taches to it. But, sir, I do not think so. My
understanding is, that the first vote would have
been upon the proposition to insert the name of
Mr. Pennington, as offered by the gentleman from
Indiana, in the place of that of Mr. Banks, as
offered by the gentleman from Ohio. As that had
failed or carried, the question next would have
been upon substituting for the name of Mr.
Boyce, of South Carolina, that of Mr. Penning-
ton or Mr. Banks. If this had carried, I cannot
perceive the difficulties of the position in which
we would have been placed, and which seems so
much to have excited the apprehensions of gen-
tlemen on this side of the House. I would have
then moved that the resolution of the gentleman
from Alabama [Mr. Walker] as amended be laid
upon the table.
The CLERK. The gentleman will be kind
enough to remember that the gentleman from
Tennessee [.Mr. Ready] raised the point of order
that this debate was out of order.
Mr. RUST. I would beg the indulgence of
the House for a few moments longer. [Cries of
" Order!" "Goon!" " Hear him!"] I would ask
but two minutes, but one, to state my position to
the House. ["Go on! go on!"] It is this; as
between the gentleman from Illinois [Mr. Rich-
ardson] and any other upon this floor, 1 prefer him
immeasurably; but whep I have to decide between
throwing my vote away upon him and casting it
for a gentleman unexceptionable to myself and
the people whom I represent upon this floor,
whom we can elect, and effect an organization of
tliis House, 1 shall not hesitate as to my course.
[When it was announced as above, that the
resolution and pending amendments were laid on
the table, loud cries rose from all parts of the
Hall of "Call the roll!" "Go on with the
voting!"]
Mr. COVODE. I beg gentlemen's indulgence
for a moment. I offer the following resolution:
Resolved, That from and after Saturday next, no member
of this House shall be entitled to receive his daily pay until
a Speaker shall have been elected.
Mr. KEITT. There is no member who is
entitled to pay now.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. Does the gentle-
man from Pennsylvania know that any member
has received pay?
Mr. NICHOLS. I move to lay the resolution
on the table.
The question was taken, and the resolution
was laid on the table.
Mr. SIMMONS. I hope, for the credit of the
House, that the last vote may by unanimous con-
sent be disregarded, and that the resolution may
be withdrawn.
Mr. JONES. It is too late; the resolution has
been tabled.
Mr. MILLWARD. I move that the House
do now adjourn.
Mr. FLOR.ENCE. I demand tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Millward
and Billingiiurst were appointed. ,
The question was taken, and the House refused
to adjourn; the tellers having reported—ayes 78,
noes 90.
[Cries of " Call the roll!"]
The House then proceeded, to vote the ninetieth
time for Speakers with the following result: Whole
number of votes cast, 314; necessary to a choice,,
108; of which—
Nathaniel P, Banks received .....101 -
William A. Richardson....     72 •
HenryM. Fuller ...v..   3Q ,
Alexander C. M. Pennington   i..... "6
James L. Orr   2 f
John Williams    1
Gilchrist Porter     1
John A. Quitman     1 -
So there was no choice.
The following is the vote in detail:
For Mr. Banks—Messrs. Albright, AJlison, Ball, Barbour,
Henry Bennett, Benson, Billinghurst, Bingham, Bishop,
Bliss, Bradshaw, Brenton, Buflington, Buriingame, James
II. Campbell, Lewis D. Campbell, Chaffee, Ezra Clark,
dawson, Colfax, Coming, Covode, Cragin, Cumbaek,
Damrell, Day, Dean, De Witt, Dick, Dickson, Dodd,
Durfcc, Emrie, Flagler, Galloway, Gitklmgs, Gilbert,
Gianger, Grow, Robert B. Hall, Harlan, Ilolloway, Thomas
R. Horton, Valentine B. llorton, Howatd, llughston. King,
Knapp, Knight, Knowlton, Knox, Kunkcl, Leiter, Matte-
son, McCarty, Meaeham, Killian Miller, Morgan, Morrill,
Mott, Murray, Nichols, Norton, Andrew Oliver, Parker,
Pearce, Pelton, Pchnington, Pettit, Pike, Pringle, Purvi-
ance, Ritchie, Bobbins, Roberts, Sabin, Sage, Sapp, Sher-
man, Simmons, Spinner, Stanton, Stranahan, Tappan,
Thorington, Thurston, Todd, Tiafton, Tyson, Wade,'
Wakeman, Walbridgc, Waldron, Cadwalader C. Wash-
bunie, 1211 illu B. Washburne, Israel Washburn, Watson,
Welch, Wood, Woodiuff, and Woodworth.
For Mr. Richardson—Messrs. Aiken, Allen, Barclay,
Barksdale, Bell, Henry S. Bennett, Bocock, Bowie, Boyce,
Branch, Brooks. Cadwalader, Carutliers, Cunkie, Ciing-
man, Howell Cobb, Williamson R. W. Cobb, Craige,
Crawfoid, Davidson, Denver, Dowdell, Edmundson, Elliott,
English, Faulkner, Florence, Thomas J. D. Fuller, Goode,
Gieenwood, Augustus Hall, Sampson W. llama, Thomas
L. Harris, Herbert, Hickman, Houston,Jewett, GfeorgeW.
Jones, J. Glancy Jones, Kent, Kelly, Kidwell, Letcher,
Lumpkin, Samuel S. Mar haJI, Maxwell, McMullin, Mc-
Queen, Smith Millar, Million, Moidecal Oliver, Orr, Peek,
Phelps, Powell, Quitman, Ruffin, Rust, Sandidge, Savage,
Shorter, Samuel A. Smith, William Smith, Stephens,
Stewart, Talbott, Taylor, Vail, Warner, Watkms, Wins-
low, and John V. Wujilit.
For Mi. Fuller — Messrs. Broom, John P. Campbell,
Bayaid Claik, Cox, Cu'.len, Henry YVuiter Davis, Eustis,
Foht«u, J.Moru>on Hams, Hoffman,Kennett,Lake, Lind-
iev, Humphrey Marshall, Millward. Paine, Porter, Puryear,
Ready, Ricaud, Riven, William 11'. Smith, Saeed, Swope,
Tnppe, Underwood, Valk, Walkei, Whitney, and Zolli-
coft'er.
For Mr. Pcnninghn—Messrs. Dunn, Edwards, Harrison,
Haven, Moore, and Scoti.
For Mr. Orr—Mes^r*. Richardson and Williams.
For Mr. William*:—Mr. Wheelei.
For Mr. Porter—.Mr. Henry M. Fuller.
For Mr. Quitman—Mi. Evans.
Mr. VALK. I move that the House do now
adjourn.
The motion was agreed to; and thereupon (at
ten minutes to four o'clock) the House adjourned
till to-morrow at twelve o'clock, m.
HOUSE OP REPRESENTATIVES.
Friday, January 4, 1856.
The House was called to order by the Clerk
at twelve o'clock, m.
The J ournal of yesterday was read and approved.
EXPLANATIONS.
Mr. BOYCE. Mr. Clerk, yesterday an honor-
able gentleman from New York [Mr. Simmons]
made an allusion to opinions expressed by me,
with reference to the continuance of the Union,
I did not think it proper at that time to interrupt
the House with any remarks of my own, for I
did not desire to present even the apparent sem-
blance of wishing to influence the House in their
choice for Speaker, under the resolution then
before the House. That state of things being
entirely removed, I feel at liberty no w, very bri efly,
to express my position upon the point referred
to by the gentleman from New York.
It is true, Mr. Clerk, that I have had, and still
have, the most melancholy forebodings as to the
future of our country. I have thought, and I still
think, and 1 have expressed the opinion, and X
still express the opinion, that there are circum-
stances at woik which are hurrying us almost
irresistibly to a disruption. Why do I think this?
Because, m my opinion—and I speak not as a
party man; I speak from the honest convictions
of my heart, with entire candor, and not with the
| purpose of influencing any measure or any party
' —because I think that there is a spirit at the
North, a public opinion growing up, hostile to
the institutions of the South, that is inconsistent
with the continuance of the Union. The Consti-
tution, if I understand it correctly, was the result
of compromise between the North and the South
V
