1856.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
869
Also, a message from the President to the Sen-
ate and House of Representatives, transmitting a
letter from the Secretary of the Interior, with a
copy of a conditional contract entered into under
the instructions of that Department, for the pur-
chase of a lot and building thereon for the use
of the United States courts at Philadelphia, in the
State of Pennsylvania; and recommending that
an appropriation be made by Congress of $78,000
to complete the same; which was referred to the
Committee on the Judiciary, and ordered to be
printed.
Mr. PHELPS. I move that the rules be sus-
pended, and that the House resolve itself into the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union for the purpose of taking up the deficiency
appropriation bill.
The motion was agreed to.
DEFICIENCY BILL.
The House accordingly resolved itself into the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union, (Mr. Stanton in the chair,) and resumed
the consideration of the amendments of the Sen-
ate to the bill of the House (No. 68) to supply
deficiencies in the appropriations for the service
of the fiscal year ending 30th of June, 1856.
The CHAIRMAN. The question pending,
%vhcn the House was last in committee, was the
proposition to amend the twenty-third Senate
amendment by striking out the word " six" and
inserting the word " three;" so as to make it
read:
For fitting up and furnishing the court-rooms and con-
ference-room, and offices for the solicitor and cleik of the
Court of Claim;,, $3,000.
The question was taken; and the amendment
to the amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HAVEN. I do not understand what the
state of the amendment now is.
The CHAIRMAN. It is, that the Senate
amendment is amended so as to make the appro-
priation $3,000 instead of $6,000.
Mr. HAVEN. All that is wrong, Mr. Chair-
man. I do not stand upon a question of money.
I understood the Chair to put the question on
striking out " three" and inserting " six."
The CHAIRMAN. If the Chair made such
a statement, it was by mistake.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Pennsylvania. The
Chair put the amendment as it was made, striking
out " six" and inserting " three."
Mr. HAVEN. Gentlemen around me under-
stood the Chair in the same way as I did.
The CHAIRMAN. If there be no objection,
the question wiil be taken over again.
Mr. PHELPS. I make this suggestion to the
gentleman from New York, that lie will have an
opportunity of voting in the House on the ques-
tion of $6,000.
Mr. HAVEN. I know; but I would rather
have the matter set right here.
The CHAIRMAN. Does the gentleman from
Missouri object to the question being taken
again?
Mr. PHELPS. I do object.
Mr. HAVEN. Then I move an amendment
to the Senate amendment as amended, by striking
out the sum which is now in, and inserting in
lieu of it the sum of $6,001. X will see if I cannot
reach the thing in that way. I desire only to
say this one word about it, in addition to what
was said yesterday 
The CHAIRMAN, (interrupting.) The Chair
supposes that that proposi don is hardly in order—
to strike out a sum that has been just inserted by
the committee.
Mr. HAVEN. Well, I submit that this is not
a fair way of doing business. I was cheated out
of my vote by this operation—and so were the
gentlemen all round me. I do not mean that it
was done by design or intention. But I am sur-
prised that the gentleman who represents the
Committee of Ways and Means would make an
objection to the question being taken again, for
the purpose of smuggling this matter through in
this way.
Mr. PHELPS. I do not understand what the
gentleman from New York means when he speaks
of " smuggling."
Mr. HAVEN. I mean this: that I under-
stood—and gentlemen around me say they under-
stood—the Chair as putting the question about
striking out and inserting in the way I stated a
moment ago. Nobody, I believe, ^oted upon the
question but the gentleman from Missouri and
one or two others; and when the committee per-
ceives that this was a mistake,, the gentleman will
not allow it to be corrected.
Mr. PHELPS, I understood the proposition
precisely as^ the Chair stated it—to strike out
'' six" and insert '4 three." The reason of my
interposing an objection was because 1 believed
that that was the proper manner of discharging
my duty. And again: the gentleman from New
York, in the House, can have an opportunity of
voting on the question of $6,000 just as well as
if we spent half an hour here in discussion.
Mr. HAVEN. I do not desire to discuss it
here; but I want to say to the gentleman, that ill
the House he can have the same right as I in the
matter. I hope the gentleman from Missouri will
withdraw his objection.
Mr. PHELPS. Not under the language used—
not under the charge of smuggling.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Pennsylvania. I do not
know why there should be any objection to the
item as it at present stands. The Committee of
Ways and Means were not satisfied to make a
temporary appropriation of $6,000; and, ascer-
taining from the most indisputable authority that
the Court of Claims did not require some nine
rooms to be fitted up, did not concur in the Senate
amendment. The committee afterwards learned
that $2,500 had been expended, and that $500
more was all that was necessary to do all that was
required; an^ the committee, by way of conces-
sion, by way of compromise, was willing to allow
this $3,000. I moved that as an amendment; and
I hope it will meet with the approbation of the
House. We here understood the motion as put
by the Chair to strike out $6,000, and insert
$3,000. Now,what is the difficulty?
Mr. HAVEN. If the committee will pardon
me one moment, I do not know but that I said
what I ought not to have said in reference to the
gentleman from Missouri, when I used the term I
did. I meant to say neither more nor less than
this, that I myself, and gentlemen around me,
understood the question to be put as I stated it.
Mr. PHELPS. I do not think the gentleman
used very proper language.
Mr. HAVEN. I did not mean anything im-
?roper. I merely meant to make the suggestion
did make, and to let the question be taken over
again. I did not mean to say that there was any
smuggling at all about it. If I made use of the
word in such an improper connection, of course
I withdraw it.
Mr. MATTESON. The question here was un-
derstood as inserting " three" instead of "six;"
but let it be taken over again.
Mr. PHELPS. I now withdraw the objection
that 1 made. I am perfectly willing to withdraw
it; and I would have done so, but for the lan-
guage made use of.
Mr. HAVEN. I regret that I made use of
such a term; I did not mean anything offensive
by it.
The question was put; and, upon a division,
the Chair was proceeding to count the House;
when
Mr. MORGAN demanded tellers; which were
ordered.
Mr. ORR. Is an amendment in order?
The CHAIRMAN. It is not while the House
is dividing.
Mr. ORR. Are there two amendments pend-
ing to the Senate amendment.
The CHAIRMAN. Only one amendment is
pending; but the committee is now dividing.
Mr. ORR. I do not so understand it. The
House has determined, by ordering tellers, that
they will divide.
The CHAIRMAN. The House was divid-
ing, and one side had been counted, when tellers
were demanded and ordered. The Chair thinks
it is too late to offer an amendment while the
House is dividing.
Mr. ORR. The vote was being taken by
gentlemen rising; but before the result was an-
nounced, that process was checked by the de-
mand for tellers. Tellers were,ordered, but the
c.ount has not commenced. I submit that, before
that has been done, it is in order to submit an
amendment?
Mr. PHELPS. I rise to a question of order.
The amendment already pending is an amend-
ment in the second degree. The amendment of
the Senate is an amendment in the first degree,
and that pending is in the second .degree, and no
other amendment can therefore be in order.
Mr. ORR. By the ruling we have heretofore
had upon this subject, the amendments of the
Senate are before us as the original text; to which
one amendment has been offered, and it must be
in order to offer an amendment to the amend-
ment.
The CHAIRMAN'. The Chair would have no
difficulty in deciding that an amendment would
be in order, as an amendment in the second de-
gree; the only question in the mind of the Chair
is as to the right to entertain an amendment
while the House is dividing. If there be no ob-
jection, however, the Chair will entertain the
amendment.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Pennsylvania. I ob-
ject. . • ;
Mr. ORR. If the Chair decides that a second
amendment is in order to the Senate amendment,
and that I only lose my right to move an amend-
ment, from the fact that the House is dividing, I
shall appeal from that decision. I have no desire
to embarrass the Chair at all, but it is clearly my
right, at any time before the count has commenced
by tellers, to move an amendment to the amend-
ment, if I have the right to move it at all. The
committee has simply ordered—twenty-fourmem-
bers having risen for that purpose—that when the
vote is taken it shall be taken by tellers; but the
count has not yet commenced. The question
now, I believe, is upon striking out #6,000, as
proposed by the amendment of the Senate, and
inserting in lieu thereof 83,000.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. The House
has simply decidcd that when the vote is taken,
it shall be taken by tellers, but that is not dividing.
I think the gentleman from South Carolina has
clearly the right to offer his amendment.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair is not aware
what the practice has been upon this subject. He
decided upon the principle that, after the House
had commenced to divide, no amendment would
be in order. The Chair put the question to the
House, and the division had commenced when
j the call was made for tellers. The Chair prefers
• to leave it for the committee to decide. • .
I Mr. PHELPS. I desire to call the attention
I of the Chair to what has been the universal prac-
tice of the House, so far as I have known it,
when considering the amendments of the Senate.
It has always been ruled that the amendment of
the Senate is to be considered as an amendment
in the first degree, and that an amendment offered
to the Senate amendment, is an amendment in the
second degree.
The CHAIRMAN. The practice in commit-
tee, since this bill has been under consideration,
! has been different. There were two amendments
pending at the same time yesterday.
Mr. PHELPS. I may misrecollect what oc*
curred yesterday. I recollect that there were two
amendments pending, but my impression is that
an amendment was made to strike out a clause of
the Senate amendment. A motion was then made
and entertained to perfect the part proposed to be
stricken out, which was m order—the motion to
| strike out not being considered as immediately
j pending, while the part proposed to be stricken
out was being perfected.
The CHAIRMAN. The question was raised
yesterday by the gentleman from New York [Mr.
\Vhitney 1 as to the right to move a substitute to
the amendment which was pending, and it was
decided that the amendment of the Senate was
under consideration as the original text, and that
the amendment proposed was only an amend-
ment in the second degree; and that, the Chair
understands, has been the uniform practice of the
House. The Chair would have no difficulty in
deciding the amendment of the gentleman from
South Carolina in order upon that ground,but he
thinks it was offered too late, and therefore can-
not be entertained.
Mr. HAVEN. I believe it has always been
held, that it was in time to make a motion at any
time before the count had actually commenced. X
hope, therefore, there will be no objection made
to the gentleman from South Carolina offering his
motion, but that it will be voted down, and that
the House will adopt the amendment as it came
to us from the Senate.
No further objection was made, and
