THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN C. RIVES, WASHINGTON, £). C.
Thirty-Fourth Congress, 1st Session.
SATURDAY, JULY 26, 1856.
New SeIiies No, 110.
resolution; but the resolution only wants to
know what is the cost of doing it. Upon a reso-
lution of that character, the colonel of the corps
of topographical engineers has reported that the
total estimate for the Grand river is $162,126.
Now I ask the Secretary to inform us the amount
contained in this bill?
The Secretary. Fifty thousand dollars.
Mr. MASON. Then we had a report from
the topographical board six years ago, accord-
ing to which the total estimate for Grand river
was $162,000; and here, six years afterwards,
when labor, materials, and everything which go
towards building this harbor have increased cer-
tainly thirty, if not fifty per cent., abill is offered
requiring that the work shall be done for less
than one third of the estimated cost.
I wish to know from the honorable Senator
whether this is a system of internal improve-
ments that is sanctioned under the second resolu-
tion of the convention at Cincinnati? If it is, I
want my people to know what is the practical
construction put on this resolution, and now the
public money is to be expended, to which they
largely contribute, as constituting a very import-
ant portion of the producing interest of the coun-
try. I may be uninformed; I may be ignorant on
this subject; but if there could be devised a waste-
ful, an utterly irresponsible, and a totally barren
system of internal improvements greater than this
is, I am at a loss to conjecture how it could be
done. You are to require of the Secretary of War
to expend $50,000 on a work which his officers
told you six years ago would require $160,000 to
make, under this exposition of the system of im-
provements which is sanctioned by the party of
which I am a very unworthy member. I cannot
conceive one more irresponsible, more wasteful,
more debauching of the public morals, than this
system of improvements, which we are told, I
take it for granted, is the system that is to be
adopted under the sanction of the Cincinnati Con-
vention, and its predecessor at Baltimore four
years ago. I say it is utterly debauching. Why?
Because it is holding out the temptation to every
section of the country to bring in here resolutions
of inquiry as to the cost of building structures
along the lakes, or in rivers, or in their planta-
tions; and if they can get an estimate, without
knowing what the value of-the work will be when
it is done, or whether it can be done, and whether
the next roll of the waves will not wash it away,
the money is to be expended. I can see no benefit
to be derived to anybody from it, but to the job-
' bers and contractors, who are to enjoy this money
in the localities where it is to be expended.
Mr. CASS. In regard to the platform to \xhich
the honorable Senator from Virginia has referred,
I must leave him to make his own exposition; I
am not going Into that subject. My ideas are
now just as they were when I was for live years
at the head of the Department of War, and re-
sponsible for all the estimates sent in by the De-
partment under General Jackson; and there never
were any sent in that he did not examine and ap-
prove. My views now are exactly what they
were then upon that point. The Senator from
Virginia cannot see the difference between specific
appropriations in certain cases of rivers and har-
bors, and a general system of internal improve-
ments, embracing roads, rivers, levees, and, as
Mr. John Ciuincy Adams said, all the material
improvements of the earth. I leave every njan
to draw his own distinction. In my judgment, a
man may honestly support certain appropriations
for rivers and harbors, and at the same time not
be in favor of a general system of internal im-
provements embracing all the material improve-
ments of the country. Twice at this session
already 1 have gone into that subject, but, it seems,
with very little effect, judging from the inquiry
of the Senator from Virginia; and therefore, 1
presume, it would bo just as ineffectual it I were
to repeat it now.
Mr. MASON. I have not yet heard the hon-
orable Senator give to the Senate his idea of the
practical exposition, by the present scheme of
110
appropriations, of the second resolution of the
Cincinnati platform,
Mr. CASS. The honorable Senator puts his
exposition on the platform adopted at Cincinnati, '
and I put mine. I have already explained it, and
it is not necessary to repeat it.
Now, in respect to this improvement at the
mouth of Grand river, I will observe that, accord-
ing to the original estimate of the War Depart-
ment six years ago, the whole expense might be
reduced to $30,000. It is now believed that the
work can be done for a little more than that.
My colleague, it seems, has taken that estimate
as the basis of this bill which he introduced; and
he -has made an express provision, that if the
work cannot be accomplished for the amount of
the appropriation, it is not to be done at all. After
the period at which the estimate was made to
which attention has been called, a small appro-
priation was voted; and in 1853, $20,000 was
asked by the Department for this harbor.
Mr. HUNTER. I ask whether-there has been
any survey in this case ? I understand that some
of these estimates are not od'the basis of a survey.
Mr. CASS. I have the survey here.
Mr. HUNTER. I have some reason to think
that the bill which we passed the other day for
the harbor of Marquette, was on an estimate
without a survey.
Mr. CASS. That I do not know; but in this
case I hold the survey in my hand, and I have
before me an estimate ofthe War Department,
in 1853, asking for $20,000.
Mr. TOOMBS. It is very important for the
country to understand what gentlemen mean by
these estimates. We have no such thing as an
estimate presented here in the proper legislative
meaning of the term. The Senator from Vir-
ginia [Mr. Mason] has stated what the real case
is. When some member here wants to get an
estimate from the Department, he presents a res-
olution, which is passed mid sent to the Depart-
ment to know what this harbor can be cleared
out for; and then one of the topographical engi-
neers is sent to the spot, and he makes a calcula-
tion. So far as our committee is concerned, it
now appears clearly that they have gone through
the oldestimates of former years. In this instance
one is presented, dated six years ago, and the
Senator from Michigan has stated that in some
cases they went back twenty years. What was
necessary six years ago may not be necessary
now. The circumstances may have greatly
changed in the mean time. The Senator from
Illinois [Mr. Douglas] told us the other day that
many of yourwing-dams have been washed away,
and the expenditure of former appropriations has
been entirely useless. A different sort of im-
provement may be now required. Ifyou went back
and hunted up the records, no doubt you would
find some estimate for the Capo Fear river; and
that would be enough, under this system of the
Committee on Commerce, to get an appropriation
for it. You spent $250,000 on this river, and no
doubt there were estimates for $100,000 more;
but the real need, as it appeared from an actual
examination, was $150,000 to take all your work
away.
I say that here we have no estimates, in the
proper sense of the term, based upon the author-
ity of any department of tins Government. We
do not know that any of these improvements are
fit, to be done, or necessary to be done even, m
order to facilitate commerce—that wide, bound-
less, and unlimited ground taken by the Senator
from Michigan.
While 1 am up, I will make a remark upon this
new exposition of the constitutionality of internal
improvements. If the Senator from Pennsylva-
nia were here, I should like very much to know
from him whatare Mr. Buchanan's opinions upon
the subject: for if he holds to the same construc-
tion of the Constitution as the Senator from Mich-
igan, his views are certainly not in accordance
with the views of the people on the Atlantic, from
here to the Gulf of Mexico.
I understand the Senator from Ohio [Mr. Push]
to place your power to make these improvements
on the commercial power, and the Senator from
Michigan takes the same ground. There is one
question which I should like either of these gen-
tlemen to answer: Is not the power to regulate
commerce, conferred by the Constitution, an ex-
clusive power? The power is " to regulate com-
merce with foreign nations, among the several
States, and with the Indian tribes." Is it not an
exclusive power, belonging to the Federal, Gov-
ernment and not to the States ?
Mr. PUGH. Does the Senator wish ma to
answer ?
Mr. TOOMBS. Yes.
Mr. PUGH. I cannot undertake to answer
such a proposition.
Mr. TOOMBS. Is the power to regulate com-
merce an exclusive power m the Federal Govern-
ment, or is it concurrent in the States ?
Mr. PUGH. It is exclusive as far as levying
taxes is concerned, for the Constitution expressly
aays so.
Mr. TOOMBS. Now, when you come to dis-
tinguishing, I will show you the error. The
same word is applied to all. It is to " regulate"
commerce. The Senator from Ohio says it is
exclusive when you levy duties, but not exclusive
when you want to facilitate transportation. That
is the corner he is in, and there is no getting out
of it. I say it is an exclusive power to every
extent. The power is in one word, " regulate.
It means the sarr#, whether used for one purpose
or another. The power to regulate commerce
must have the same meaning in all its aspects;
and it is exclusive in the Government of the
United States. Then, if the position of the gen-
tleman be true, that " to regulate commerce"
means " to facilitate commerce," the States have
no right to do it; but the States and the people
have spent $800,000,000 to facilitate commerce oy
building railroads; they have cleared out rivers;
they have improved them everywhere. Accord-
ing to the statement of the Senator from Mich-
igan yesterday, even the St. Clair flats have been
improved, not only by our own people, but by
a foreign Government. Can a foreign Govern-
ment undertake to regulate our commerce? Surely
it can, under the construction of the Senator from
Michigan. It is the most boundless construction
which it is possible to give to words. When
Congress is given the power to regulate the com-
merce of the United States, it cannot be exercised
by the Canadian Parliament, or by individual
citizens of Michigan. It is a high, sovereign
power, belonging to the Government ofthe United
States. Under this doctrine, New York has no
right to improve the Genesee river, because she
cannot regulate commerce. If she can regulate
commerce she can lay duties on imports and ex-
ports. If she has concurrent power with the
General Government over the regulation of com-
merce, it applies to every branch of the sub-
ject. Neither the Senator, from Ohio, nor any
other man, can make any difference between
them. There is but one word in the grant; it is
to " regulate" commerce. If " regulate" means
to facilitate, no State can facilitate thr transpor-
tation of commodities within its limits, because
the power is exclusive, expressly declared to be
so in the Constitution itself. 11 is a power given
to the General Government, and forbidden to the
States, except with this modification, that they
may lay tonnage duties with the consent of Con-
gress. Under this monstrous doctrine, under
the senatorial construction of the Constitution,
the whole business of facilitating tiansportation,
and regulating the commerce of the country, be-
longs concurrently to the States and the Union,
and the States can levy duties on imports when-
ever they please. But, sir, there is nothing in this
argument. The Senator from Michigan was
driven to it. He was driven to distort the words
from the meaning expounded by the venerable
Madison, in the Federal convention, ;;• () in his
veto of 1817. The Senator has been compelled to
ride over the plain construction p.ut upon them by
the fathers^ to reach the 'oubKc Treasury.
