1856.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBS.
135
34th Cong....1st Sess.
Kansas Contested Election—Mr. Crawford.
Ho. of Reps.
erty which did not belong to him, yet not claim-
in0, that the title was in himself, what would
be° the derision of the court under such circum- ,
stances in either of the cases suggested? Its de-
cision would be, that it is not enough to gire the
court jurisdiction, that the defendant shall have
no title, but it is further necessary that you should
assert and set up a legal title in yourself; and the
result would be, that such cases would be turned
out of court without a moment's hesitation.
And, sir, I imagine that we sit to-d&y in the
trial of this question as a court, in which all rules
of law applicable in such cases will be recognized
and enforced. It will therefore be necessary and
proper that the contestant shall in this case not
only assert that the sitting member is not entitled
to his seat, but that he is the only legal Delegate
from Kansas. Upon this question I shall have
something to say in reference to the last ground
taken by* the contestant in his memorial to this
House, when I shall have reached that point.
The contestant comes before us with his charges
Specified, so that we are at no loss to understand
and determine the issue which is made up for
our decision and action. I have from his own
memorial analyzed them. There are four grounds
alleged therein, upon which it is contended the j
sitting Delegate is not entitled to his seat.
First, That the election at which the sitting
Delegate was elected is absolutely void, being :
without anv valid law, or the will of the people,
or the qualified voters to authorize or support it.
Second, That the said election was not con-
ducted according to the forms of the law itself.
Third, That illegal votes were polled.
Fourth, That the memorialist himself was
elected at the only valid election held in the Ter-
ritory for a Delegate to Congress.
These are the facts asserted;and the case made
by the contestant himself, and whatsoever of
legal testimony may be introduced in support of
these allegations,can, and ought to be, allowed. I
am anxious that nothing shall be withheld, but
that everything may be inquired into touching
the above grounds, upon which the contestant
rests his right as a legal Delegate from the Terri-
tory of Kansas.
Let us examine separately each point presented,
and ascertain if there exists any necessity to
grant the power asked in the resolution of the
committee. The first charge is based upon the
ground, that the law authorizing the election of a
Delegate to Congress is void.
' It is asserted that the law is void for two
reasons: first, that it emanated from a Legislature
not elected by the people of the Territory, but by
non-residellts; second, that it was passed at a place
unauthorized by law, and violative of the provis-
ions of the organic act.
When we examine this branch of the subject
it manifestly appears that evidence is sought to
establish the fact that the members of the Legisla-
ture of Kansas were illegally elected.
The position which I assume in reference to
that subject is, that the validity of the election is
a closed question—one which this House cannot
inquire into. Another and very different tribunal
having full and exclusive jurisdiction to determine
the question, has done so, and from it there is no
appeal. We have power, under the Constitution,
"to judge of the elections, returns, and quali-
fications of our own members," but there our
powers cease; and if we are the judges of the
validity of the election of members of a Territo-
rial Legislature, I know of no power which would
restrain us from inquiring into the legality of the
election of members of a State Legislature.
To illustrate and enforce this view: suppose
that the seat of a member from one of the States
was contested, upon the ground that the districts
had been altered by the Legislature, a portion of
the members of which had not been legally elected,
and the law altering the districts had passed by
exactly the same majority of votes that there were
members illegally elected, and, under the law as
it stood, the contestant had a majority of the votes
polled—I ask gentlemen if, upon that statement
of facts, this House would authorize the sending
for persons and papers to ascertain whether the
members of the Legislature had been elected by
voters from another State ? The reply of this
House, no doubt, would be that, although every-
thing which you say may be true, we are power-
less to try the question; we cannot go behind the
action of the Legislature, having no power to
I judge whether the members were legally elected.
I To them alone this subjeet should have been re-
ferred.
Suppose, sir, that a defeated candidate for the
Senate should go before that body and claim a
seat upon the ground that the sitting member had
been elected by a majority of five votes by the
Legislature of his State, ana that he was prepared
to show that that election teas void, because six of
the members had been chosen by votes imported
from another State, all of whom had thrown their
support to the sitting member—I ask you if the
Senate would entertain for a moment the idea of
sending for persons and papers to investigate and
pass upon tne legality of the election of members
of the State Legislature ?
But, for the sakt of the argument, let us admit
that the members of the Legislature of Kansas
were not legally elected, and see what effect that
would have upon the issue made in regard to the
validity of the laws passed by them. I under-
take to maintain, sir, that, notwithstanding this,
their acts would not be void, but remain of force
so far as the public and third persons are con-
cerned; although, it might subsequently appear,
that the persons who exercised the functions of
legislators exercised them illegally.
In support of this proposition, I refer to the case
of Heath vs. Pry n, decided in the King's Bench,
England, during the reign of Charles II., some
twenty years after the Restoration. The Rectory
of Westborne, Chichester, was in dispute, and
"plaintiff's counsel, in support ofhis cause, desired
to plead that the act of 12 Charles II. was void, be-
cause the Parliament had not been summoned ac-
cording to law, that is to say, in obedience to the
King's writ. Thejudgesheldthatthe actcouldnot
be questioned: having been made by the King,
Lords and Commons, they could not inquire into
any of the defects prior to its passage, nor would
they suffer the point to be stirred." The supreme
court of New York have decided the same ques-
tion, and in the same way. Their commissioners
of highways, it seems, before they can enter
upon the discharge of their duties, are bound to
take an oath and file a certificate of the same with
the town clerk. This they failed to do, and the
clerk refused to record a survey which they had
made or ordered. A dispute arose between them;
the question went before the supreme court; and
they held that the act of an officer de facto, who
comes into office by color of title, is valid and
binding as it concerns thepublic and third parties;
and in pursuance of that decision a mandamus
absolute was issued, requiring the survey to be
recorded in obedience to the order of the commis-
sioners.
This question has been similarly decided by
the courts, in regard to sheriffs and other officers,
as well as to boards of directors in corporations
both private and public, and is considered a well-
settled principle of the law both in this country
and in England.
I have attempted to show how this question
would be decided by the courts; now let us see
i how far I am supported by the established
j usages and customs of nations.
l You are referred, sir, to the many acts of the
j United States in recognizing the several different
de facto Governments that have existed in Mexico.
[ We make treaties, and do all other international
business with such Government as may happen
j to exist. Such was the course pursued towards
! Texas when she declared herself independent of
i Mexico. The nations of Europe and our own
people acknowledged the existence of her Gov-
ernment, and formed treaties, held conventional
I intercourse with her by receiving and sending
1 public Ministers, never inquiring into the validity
or legality of the establishment of her Govern-
ment. When the present existing Government
in France was established, was not the American
Minister the first of the foreign diplomatists who
stepped forward to recognize ana acknowledge
the existence of the de facto Government? But
i gentlemen say, these men in Kansas are usurpers;
j that they seized the Government and passed laws
without having any legal authority to do so. I
I would ask, even if this were true, which I deny,
by what law did our fathers establish our own
Constitution, and usurp the right of forming a
Government in opposition to the authority of
Great Britain; and how dared they fill the places
of those usurpers and continue a Government
thus set in motion, for they were without author-
ity save in their stout hearts and strong right
arms, and were governed by no law save in the
purity of their patriotism ? Notwithstanding all
this, the existence of our Government de facto
was recognized by one and another of European
nations, until atlast Great Britain, under aneces-
sity thatgave her no choice,acquiesced and yielded
her assent to the existence of a Government
which she was powerless to crush.
These views have been presented, Mr. Speaker,
upon the assumption, or rather in the absence of
testimony, by which to settle the question involv-
ing the validity of the law of Kansas, under which
the sitting Delegate was elected. I claim, however,
that all the testimony which is either material or
relevant to the issue made by the contestant, is
before us, without the necessity of sending for
persons and papers, as desired by the committee.
What evidence have we that we are bound to
notice ? All public laws of theUnited States, the
lex loci of the Territory, and such well-estab-
lished principles of law as are universally recog-
nized by the judicial tribunals of the country.
We are, therefore, first, to notice the laws of Con-
gress; and what do we find touching this subject?
The act organizing the Territory of Kansas, de-
fining its boundaries, authorizing the appoint-
ment of a Governor, Ad the election of members
of the Legislature, declaring who shall constitute
the legal voters at the first election, and that
" The first election shall be held at such time and places,
and be conducted in such manner, both as to the persons who
shall superintend such election, and the returns thereof, as
the Governor shall appoint and direct; and he shall, at the
same time, declare the number of members of the council
and House of Representatives to which each of the counties
or district shall be entitled under this act. The persons
having the highest number of legal votes in each of said
council districts, for members of the council, shall be de-
clared by the Governor to be duly elected to the council; and
the persons having the highest number of legal votes for the
House of Representatives shall be declared by the Governor
to be duly ejected members of the Howe."
We know officially that A. H. Reeder was ap-
pointed Governor of Kansas by the President of
the United States—that he accepted and entered
upon his duties in that capacity. We know of-
ficially that a Legislature was elected in obedi-
ence to the proclamation of the Governor—that it
convened at Pawnee City on the 2d day of July,
1855. We have official evidence that the validity
of the election of members to the Legislature was
passed upon by the Governor, and a majority of
the members declared duly elected by the legal
voters of the Territory, in compliance with hia
duties as defined in the organic law.
We are further officially notified that on the 3d
day of July, 1855, airexecutfve message was re-
ceived by the Legislature, in which it is declared:
" The solemn trust that is confided to us for originating
the laws and institutions, and molding the destinies of a
new republic, &c.," * * * "cannot but impress
us with a deep and solemn sense of the heavy responsibility
which we have assumed."
We haver the journals and the laws of Kansas,
passed by the Legislature as organized and as-
sembled by the Governor, in obedience to law;
we are notified and have the evidence that the
Governor was the only person or power who
could decide, in the first instance, who were and
who were not legally elected members of that
Legislature;, that he decided that two thirds of
the members had been duly elected, and under
the law, by and with his advice and cooperation,
they were regularly created the law-making
power of Kansas; and with a solemn sense of the
heavy responsibility which they had assumed,
they commenced the work of originating the laws
and institutions and molding the destinies of a
new republic. I presume there can be no doubt
that if the laws and destinies of this new republic
had been molded according to the wishes of the
Executive in regard to the location of the seat of
government and slavery, this House would have
been spared the annoyance which it now has to
undergo from this ex-Governor of the Territory
of Kansas. I think that I may say that it is also
known officially to this House, that there was no
doubt as to the validity of the election of mem-'
