1856.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
871
from South Carolina [Mr. Orr] has just stated i
in full exactly the views which I entertain, and j
which I intended to present if he had not done |
so in a better manner than I could have done. I i
send to the Clerk's desk some communications j
from the War Department, which I ask to have ;
read.
The communications were read, as follows:
Committee of Ways and Means, March 27,1856.
Sir: In connection with the estimate of ,$1,000,000 re-
quired for the fiscal year 1657, for aqueduct for supplying
Washington with watei," I am instructed by the Couimit-
lee of Ways and Means to make the following inquincs—
viz:
First.—Has the experience already had in the piogress of
the work suggested any material increase or diminution of
the original estimated cost?
Secorul.—What officers, agents, &c., are employed?
Third.—What is the aveiage cost per day tor past year
for common laborers ?
Fouith.—What is the average cost per day for past year
for stone cutters?
Fifth.— What is the average cost per day for past year
for masons?
Sixth.—What expenditure has been made for quarters and
fixtures, for impiemsmu, machinety, stouc-euttmg ma-
chines, horses, &c..and wiiatare now on hand, and present
valuation?
Seventh.—What would be the effect upon the cost of the
woik by doing all by contiact, including delivery of ma-
terials?
Eighth.—Has any masonry been injured by frost during
the winter, and to what extent? i
Ninth.—What is the aggregate cost [estimated] of the
several works now under the charge of Captain Meigs? |
Tenth.— What is the aggregate amount paid to superin-
tendents and managers, and the amount paid for labor, and !
all other expenses?
1 have the honor to be, with groat respect, your obedient
servant, LEWitJ D. CAMPBELL, Chairman. ;
Hon. jerrerson Davis, Sccrctury of War. i
War Department, ]
Washington, Mtu(,h'29, 1850. !
Sir: I have the honor to lf.clo&e herewith a repot tot' the
officer in clmige ot the Washington aqueduct, containing
the information leque&ted myour letter of the 2"; th instant.
The necessity of an appropriation for this woik at an
eailypeuod anses from the failure of Congress, at the last
session, to appropriate moie than a smalt pouion of the
amounts estimated for the operations ot the current fiscal
year Had that amount ($'1,000,000) been appropriated,
there would now be no necessity lor anticipating the pas-
sage of the regular appropuation act; but, under present
cncumstances, if the appropuation be deferred, the best
part of the season will be lost, and the ultimate expense of
the work will be increased by the deterioration consequent
upon the longer exposure of portions of it in an unfinished
condition to the action of the lains and fiosts.
Very respectfully, your obedient servant,
JEFF'N DAVIS, Secretary of Wdr.
Hon. L. D. Campbell, Chairman Committee of Ways and
Means, House of Representatives.
Washington, March 28,1856.
Sir: I return herewith the letter of Mr. L. J). Campbell,
chairman of the Oomimtee of Ways and Mean-=, lefened to
me this morning for a lepoit, with the following answers in
detail to the questions relating to the Washington aque-
duct.
First.—<( Has the experience already had in the progress
of the woik suggested any material increase or diminution
of the original estimated cost?"
An analysis of the cost of all woik done to the 3Jst De-
cember last is neaiiy complete. Judging from the icsults
thus far leached, while some items are likely to cost more
than the onginal estimate, others are costing less.
The original location was hastily made; and the constant
revision and study to which it has since been subjected
has enabled me to substitute for some veiy costly work a
cheapcr and safer lino.
At the Great Falls we expect to make a considerable re-
duction, having, by a change in the location, and the mode
of crossing the canal, avoided some very costly and diffi-
cult work in the river, and substituted a longer tunnel and
a deep rock cut, which will be more easily secured against
Hoods, and will cost less.
The price of bricks m this city has risen since the esti-
mate was made. They aie delivered upon the line of the
work by contiact at $8 75 per thousand.
The original estimate, including 20 per cent, allowed in
that estimate for contingencies, was $16 80 per thousand
for buck-work, including all materials and labor.
The cost of lime, cement, and labor, in laying about a
million of bricks in the conduit, near the Fails, has been
$8 89 per thousand, which, added to the contiact puce of
bricks, is $17 64 per thousand.
Under the contiact of Mr. Dacker, the brick-work of his
culverts costs $14 70; but he loses money at that rate.
Some brick-work done in culverts late m the autumn, con-
tending against sickness among the men, but pushing the
work neglected by conuactors, in order to cover it before
frost, has cost as high as $21 per thousand. The excess of
this over the contract price is charged against the delinquent
contractor.
The estimated price for rock excavation varied from
$2 50 to $1 50 per yard. The contracts, have been made
at $1 75 to sixtv cents per cubic yard.
Some work under the canal, difficult as tunnel work, and
part of it carried on night and day, m order not to delay the
opening of the navigation of the canal, cost us $4 per yard.
Other excavations, such as we estimated at $2 50, has
been done by men employed by the United States at $1 60
per yard.
The tunnels were estimated at $14 per yard, with an
addition of twenty per cent, for contingencies. They are
being executed at various prices—the highest at §7 50, the
lowest at $5 50 per yard.
In the estimate, the contingency of being obliged to pump
was provided acamst; indeed, foi safety, the most expensive
tunnel in the U mted States of a similar character was taken
as the standaid—it is upon the Boston water-works. The
tunnels piove to be very dry, and they cost less than half
the estimated puce per yard.
I give these as instances of the variations from the esti-
mates.
Upon the whole, [ do not think there will be any serious
depaitures from the original estimates, except that due to
the delays of the woik caused by the failure of an appio-
puation, and the failure of the last Congress to giant the
lull amount estimated for the present fiscal year.
Had appropriations been made to cariy on the woik as
rapidly as practicable, itwould have been neaiiy completed
by this time.
Second Question.—Captain Meigs, Corps of Engineers,
inchaige: One puticipal assistant; two assistants, or di-
vision engineers; one second assistant, or leveler; three
rod men; three chaimnen; twoaxmen.
One puricipal managei, in charge of the work at the
Fait:-, and exeicising a gcucr.il control over the managers
of the gangs of men employed by tiie United States.
Twocleiks; oncstewaid; a managei with each sepa-
rate gang of men ; an inspector ovei each contract job.
These managers are genci ally selected fiom among the most
intelligent laboieis, and the inspector* aie generally buck
or stone-masons. An inspector ot cement.
Duung the sickly season a contract was made with a
physician to attend the men and furnish medicines. Tins
contract terminated at the interruption of the work by win-
ter.
Third.—Including the managers of the gangs the average
cost for the pa?-t year for common labours has been SI 05,
out of which 33jS cents per day was retained fot boaid.
Fourth.—Stone-cutters' aveiage for the past year $2 51,
out of which 37{ c«nts was letamed lor board. Much stone
was also cut by the loot at an average cost of twenty-one
cents per supeificial loot.
Fifth.—Masons, 38; bricklayers, $2 01 ; carpenters,
$2 03 ; blacksmiths, £2 18 -out ot' each qf which the sum
of 3"^ per day was letained for board.
All of the above include m the aveiage the wages of the
foiemen or the managers of the ie-pecuve gangs.
Sixth.—
Tcu mess-houses, cost $15,120 80£
Four stables.  'J,55U 00
Thiee cement house*, and a number of tempo-
rary sheds for holding cement  1,750 00
Five shops  3,550 00
Two offices   1,300 00
One engine-house, with work in putting up en-
gine, and stonc-cutting machine, and rail track 2,912 42
Stone cutting machine, steam engine, dciricks,
crabs, pumps, tools, blocks, cordage, lailioad
lion, &c., See  23,986 97$
Furnituie, bedding, plates, stoves, utensils, Stc..,
foi mess-houses  4,760 80
Boats and scows, wagons, carts, harness, &c.. 8,656 05
Nineteen horses, two mules, and two oxen— 3,052 01
All the above arc on hand, and in oidcr for use, except
one horse which died, and some shovels and wheelbarrows,
and other tools, winch are worn out.
One horse and four oxen weie sold at the time of the sus-
pension, in 1S54, at a )os*,and aie not included m the above
enumeration. AKo. one scow ond one boat, no longer
needed, have lately been sold. The proceeds ol Hie sates
having been credited in the above -account, it 'iiows the
actual cost of the implements now on hand, and icpiesents
their value to the woik diminished by the few Iiundied dol-
lais which the woin-out tools, w licelbariows, and dead
hoise covt.
Seventh.—'The principal materials to be procured are brick,
cement, and sand.
A contract has already been made for all the bricks, and
they are being delivered under that contiact.
The cement is puichased m open maiket, upon the most
advantageous tenn>. The rmlh upon the Potomac, where
cement "was thought suitable, have burm drawn upon to the
extent of their ability. Tne greater part of the three thou-
sand nine hundieJ and fifty-one bands of cement thu-. de-
liveied cost #1 05 pir bauel. Jn ordei to me< t the contin-
gencies of tho^e mills being unable to siipplv the vaijing
demand, a stock was kept in stoie in Georgetown, winch
was replenished by piucliases m New York.
This supply several times saved the work from stoppage,
and the contractor lor masonry from lo-s consequent upon
interruption. Of this, theie weie Uuce thousand and thirty-
six barrels, costing m store m Geoigetown, M 16 pei bairel.
Sand has been'dfhvered at a fixed price—six cent* per
bushel. We have bought all that was offeied and could be
obtained at that late, aiul have been scantily supplied.
I do not think that these materials could be procured bv
contiact in large quantities at lower puces. I am sure, if
dehvcied at lower pnees, the contractor would lose money
by the woik. My cxp.iutjnee of con ti acts is. that the work
i« generally conti acted for at prices which cause the laborer
who does the work to suffer—-which induce the contractor,
in order to make money, and save himself fioni loss, to en-
deavor to do his work badly, and I have a constant contest
with con ti actors under my direction to resist charges for
extra work, and to compel the execution of work which
shall be gf>od enough for the staudaid I have set. Yet there
is much work, each as excavation, embankment, and tun-
neling, which it is better and cheaper to do by contracts;
and I have made contracts to the extent justified by the
appropriations.
Greaf disappointment was felt, I know, by some bidders,
at the last " letting," that the whole work of over $2,000,-
000, was not let out. AH was let that was specified upon
the sections and profiles referied to in the advertisement—
all that the appiopriation of $250,000 justified; and I now
need money to enable these conti actors to avail themselves
of the healthy season. Thelate period at which they were
able to begin last year causcd them serious loss and em-
barrassment.
j My experience shows that the profits of contractors, very
t generally, are wrung from the 6weat and toil of the laborer
I and mechanic, who are not paid as regularly, or as fuliy, by
contractors as by the United States.
Paying the same wages, I was throughout the sickly sea-
son of last year supplied with workmen who thronged into
our quarters ; whilst contractors, working alongside of ul<,
could not keep up their force.
The conti actors would probably say that the men were
not worked so hard; but the true cause is, that they were
better treated, less abused, their quarters and food moro
cleanly, their pay regular and certain 5 and hence tliey
were less sickly and better contented.
IfCongre&s prefers to have all the work done by contract,
the whole amount necessary to finish it should be appropn -
atod at once. Advertisements could then be issued, and
contracts made. I think it would be bad policy, that the
work would not costless, the laborers and mechanics won I'd
suffer, and the work would not be weJl done, the future
cost ofiepairs would be greater, much money which ought
to go to the workuig-men would go to enrich a few con-
tractors; the laboi tor myself would be less, and I doubt
not there would be fewer people to criticize the woik and
to find fault with the engineer.
Eighth.—Two culverts which had been long completed,
but not covercd with embankments, owing to the delin-
quency of a conti actor, were finally prevented from being
covered by the sudden and unexampled seventy of the
winter, which made earth-work impossible
These culveits will require, probably, forty or fifty dollars
worth of repair.
Some other masonry, finished late after the contractor's
failure, and urged 111 order to he abie to make the embank-
ments over it during the waiter, have been more or less
mjuied.
The ground is still frozen, and until the mason^v can be
uncovered, it is impossible to ascertain the extent of the
damages; but I suppose it may possibly reach three or four-
hundied dollais.
This loss is partly chargeable to contiactors, who failed
to finish their masonry before the severe Weather set in,
and, in some cases, rendered it necessary for the United
States to execute it at a very disadvantageous season.
All that begun by the United States, by day's work, was
safely finished and is uninjured. Considering the severity
of the wintei, unexampled m tins climate, which prevented
the contractor from building two culveit embankments,
dining the winter, as was intended, the loss has been incon-
siderable. Most, if not all of it, falls upon the contractors
or their s-urcties.
Ninth.—
The total estimated cost of Fort Madison is about, $20,000
Of the extension of the Capitol   2.675,900
Of the dome   845,000
Of the Post Office extension  600,000
Of the Washington aqueduct  2,300,000
Total $6,540.000
The Baltimore and Ohio railroad, built by Mr. Latrobe,
cost $23,000,000.
The Ei ie lailroad, built by Brown, cost $33,000,000.
The Hudson Kiverroad, $12,393,000.
The Chesapeake and Ohio canal co -t $23,000,000.
The Cioton aqueduct, by Jarvis, $8,573,000.
Some of the cieat raitroads have an' annual income and
expcnditme exceeding the total estimated coat of the works
under his direction.
These are given as a standard of comparison, as the ques-
tion seems to indicate that Captain Meigs is supposed to
have uncommonly heavy responsibilities.
The lesponsibilihes lesting upon engineers are very
heavy; vast sums depend upon incir discietion and judg-
ment, and they should, so long as they endeavor to do their
duty, betieated with confidence, and be allowed the oppor-
tunity, at Iea-.t, to meet and repel any chaigc that may be
made against them, to those who are the official censors of
their nets.
Tenth.—
The .aggregate amount paid to superintendents and man
$8,918 25
5G.110 21
51,470 27
The amount paid for common labor is 
The amount paid tor mechanical labor is 
All other expenses, including work by contract,
quai ters.tooN, machinery, materials, lumber,
bricks, sand, lime, stone, engineer services,
land and law expenses, &c., amount to  170,722 54
Total expenditures to 31st of December, 1855. .$287,221 28
The above expenditure is about the eighth of the esti-
mated cost of the whole work. It includes large amounts
for machmcrv and outfit and preparation.
The cost of tins outfit and preparation is justly chatge-
able upon the whole estimated cost of the work, foi winch
it is nil applicable, and not alone to the wot k ah eady done.
Every suspension of work involves loss arid deterioration
of the property on hand, and it is to be hoped that the ful!
amount of the annual estimate;* will be given hereafter, as
the most economical means of completing tiie work.
All of which is most respectfully submitted.
Your obedient servant, * M. C. .MEIGS.
Captain Engineers in charge of Aqueducty tye.
Mr. MEACHAM. There are only three
mouths in the year when work can be earned on
successfully on the Potomac. These three months
are April, May, and June, and then commences
the sickly season of the year. It was so last
year, and has been years before. I take it for
granted—without, of coarse, intending to argue
the question—that the carrying on of this great
national work is a settled thing. I never, voted
for it myself. But now the question is, When
will you allow that work to be done ? Will you
have it done in the healthy months of April, May,
