136
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[March 11,
34th Cong....1st Sess. Kansas Contested Election—Mr. Wright, of Tennessee.
Ho. of Reps.
bers, so long as they held their sessions atPawnee
City, but the moment they adjourned to another
place, new light began to break upon the vision
of the Governor, and he very soon became satis-
fied that the Legislature was without power and
that the members had been illegally elected. But,
sir, to resume the subject of official evidence, we
have before us the laws of Kansas, in which is to
be found an act declaring that on the first Monday
in October, 1855, an election shall be held for a
Delegate to represent that Territory in the present
Congress: this being a public act, we are bound
to notice it.
Now, sir, with a full knowledge of all this tes-
timony, to which we cannot shut our eyes, I ask,
■wherefore the necessity of sending for persons
and papers?. If they were here, they coula not be
introduced in evidence to set aside the act of Con-
gress, the official acts of the Governor, or the act
of the Legislature of the Territory of Kansas.
What, then, can be the object of the commit-
tee in desiring this extraordinary power? Is it
to prove that the members of the Legislature were
not legally elected ? Suppose that every man in
Kansas were here, they would not be allowed to
contradict the law of Congress, the law of their
Legislature., or the public official acts of their
Executive. I cannot bring myself to the conclu-
sion, that they would be allowed to swe'&r that
the members of their Legislature were illegally
elected. If, however, it were done, you would
only have proven that the contestant as Gov-
ernor had solemnly and officially declared that to
be true which was absolutq^r false; for it is known J
that, in pursuance of the organic act, he did de- !
clare that two thirds of the members of the Le- j
gislature had the highest number of legal votes, I
and were, therefore, duly elected; and as the case I
thus presents itself, it is the desire of a majority ;
of the committee to show that what he there de-
clared and certified as a public functionary, under
his oath of office, was utterly and wholly false.
Well may this contestant exclaim, "Save me
from my friends ! "
I have endeavored to show, in another portion
of my argument, that we cannot inquire into that !
subject; but suppose it were done, and the wit-
nesses were to prove that the members were not
duly elected, what, then, would be the condition
of the question ? We should be presented with
the act of Congress making it the duty of the
Governor to declare who were legally elected to
the Legislature, the act of the Governor officially
made, declaring that certain persons had been
duly elected by the legal voters of Kansas, upon
the one side, and the paid testimony of witnesses,
xm the other, proving that the official acts of the
Governor, under oath and in pursuance of law,
were unqualifiedly false. Should this House
override the long-established usages of Govern-
ment and disregard the law by entering into this
inquiry, where is the case ?*
The nextallegation in the contestant's memorial
is, that the law is void, because itwasenacted at
an unauthorized plaee. Upon this point it is
unnecessary to say.more than that the members
of the Legislature were only required to meet at
such time and place as should be appointed by
the Governor. Having assembled in obedience to
his direction, what powers had they? It is en- i
acted in section 24 of the Kansas bill, " That the !
legislative power of the Territory shall extend
to all rightful subjects of legislation, consistent
with the Constitution of the United States and
the provisions of this act." If this grant of
power is not sufficient to authorize them to select
a place for the seat of government, then I must
confess that I am at a loss to know what would
be. At least, for the purposes of this argument
it is enough to say, that neither persons nor papers
are wanted to enable us to come to a decision in
reference to the power exercised.
Another ground upon which the seat of the sit-
ting Delegate is contested is, that his election
was not conducted according to the forms of the '
law itself. To this it may be replied, that unless
Governor Reeder himself were a candidate, or
were deprived of some right by the non-observ-
ance of the mere forms prescribed, it does not lie
in his mouth to complain, and he would be held
technically an intruder or interloper; and cannot
therefore call upon this House to send for persons
and papers to examine into an election at which
he was not a candidate.
Another ground upon which he relies is, that
there were illegal votes polled. A sufficient an-
the only tribunal in this country that will dare to
violate the laws of the land, and to dcclare, by its
course, that the act organizing the Territory of
Kansas, and every subsequent one in pursuance
swer to this is, that the present representative ! thereof, is illegal and void.
Should you take that position, and send for
persons and papers with such view, you will
make yourselves parties to this disorganizing
spirit, and give aid and comfort to those persons
who, if they shall carry out their purpose, and by
force of arms undertake to set up this new State
government, will have been guilty of treason.
I shall vote against the adoption of this resolu-
from Kansas was elected without opposition, and
the fact that illegal votes were cast does not de-
stroy the effect of such as were legal; and he is
consequently entitled to retain his seat, at least
so far as any question is made on this point.
Nevertheless, if it be doubted, there can still be
no reason to send for persons and papers to prove
that some of the votes cast at that election were
illegal, there being no opposing candidate; and I tion, and I hope that a majority of the members
dare say that the sitting Delegate would admit will vote with fne, and that we maybe spared
that he may have received some votes that were 1 this encroachment upon, and violation of, the act
ill^al. j! of 1851, in reference to taking the testimony in
The last ground taken in the memorial of the contested elections; for, if under that act we have
contestant is, that he was elected at the only valid no power to take evidence in regard to the elec-
election held in the Territory. If I have sue- j tion of a Delegate from a Territory, then we have
' ceeded in showing that persons and papers were I none under the Constitution, for that act uses the
not necessary in support of the other points made, ! very words of that instrument. If it be the pleas-
I shall have no difficulty in regard to this. I call ure of the House, however, to order that evidence
the attention of the House to the careful manner to be taken, let it be done by sending commis-
in which this proposition is submitted; and it will
be observed tnat the memorialist states that he
was elected by the legal votes at an election held
on the 9th day of October, 1855, but nowhere
says that Che election was held under the authority
of law; and whilst his votes, therefore, may have
given by legal voters, still, if the election were
illegal, the whole proceeding is void. He has
not had the audacity—if that word be not unpar-
liamentary—to assert before the country that he
was elected at a legal election; it can nowhere be
found in his memorial. He knows full well, and
the country is informed, that he represents a rev-
olutionary movement, outside the regularly estab-
lished government which has been authorized
by the Congress of the United States. No, sir;
neither this House nor the country is to be de-
ceived by this application upon the part of the
committee. If this power is granted to send for
persons and papers, it will not be with the view
of establishing the fact that he has been legally
elected to Congress from that Territory, but, 1
apprehend, for another and a very different pur-
pose. A government, under the authority and
power granted by the Congress of the United
States, now exists in Kansas; it has " originated
its laws and molded its institutions" in such
shape, as to excite an intense anxiety upon the
part of many anti-slavery men in this country to
strike down both government and laws, and upon
sioners to Kansas for that purpose, and save the
Government the enormous expense involved in
ordering witnesses from that far-off Territory to
this Capitol.
KANSAS CONTESTED-ELECTION.
SPEECH OF HON. J. V. WRIGHT,
OF TENNESSEE,
In the House of Representatives,
Mareh 11, 1856,
On the resolution reported from the Committee of Elections
in the Contested-Election case from the Territory of
Kansas.
Mr. WRIGHT, of Tennessee. Mr. Speaker,
I desire the attention of the House for a short
time, for it is not my wish or my intention now
to detain them long in the remarks which I shall
submit. The main grounds of argument have
! already been occupied by other gentlemen, and
1 will of necessity be compelled to notice briefly
some of the positions taken by others who have
i preceded me on this side of the House.
| I regard the questions involved in the present
I controversy as being of vast magnitude to the
' country. We ought to consider thern in that
spirit of candor and fairness which becomes an
,, . , . , . . r American Congress; for, if I am not greatly mis-
their views to build up a revolutionary govern- ; taken, we are to make a decision ' ' ' ' "
ment, not only without authority of law, but in
direct violation thereof. If it be the wish of the
committee to stir up strife and confusion, and to !
disturb and agitate afresh the public mind upon
this question, they have adopted a method which
will, no doubt, succeed in effecting their object
and answering their unholy purposes. (
If the issue is to be made, which of these two
governments in Kansas is to be sustained?—if it be I
your design to set up this new government in ab-1
solute violation of the act of Congress organizing !
the Territories—send for persons and papers, and
when you shall have done your worst, the laws
of Kansas will still stand upon her statute-book
unrepealed; the " Kansas-Nebraska iniquity," as
it is termed, will still be the law of this land, and
will only have given another evidence that a ma- j
jority of the people of this country are determined
to recognize the rights, socially and politically, i
of every section of*the Union. We are prepared
in which is in-
volved a great principle, a principle which lies at
the foundation of our institutions, a principle in
which is involved the rights of the States and
the rights of the people under the Constitution
of the United States. We ought, therefore, to
approach the subject with caution, unbiased by
sectional or personal feeling, but with a view to
discharge our duties, as American Representa-
tives, to ourselves, to our country, and to posterity.
It is certainly very painful to the patriot to be-
hold that condition of public affairs to which we
seem as a nation to be tending. The teachings
of history in all time past, and even the solemn
warnings of the Father of his Country, seem to
fall coldly on the ears of our representatives at
this day. I speak of representatives, because my
experience, which has been brief, has taught me
that there is a great distinction, in many instances,
between the people and their representatives;
for whilst I believe as firmly as I believe in the
to meet the issue you tender-us: in support of our existence of a SupremeRuler "of theUni'versT
E^rnmlnt tLaan^imZg?8rS^bIiShing w' °Ur pe?ple' b°th North and South, East and
hv thp S! . appointment of a Governor West, are devotedly attached to our Constitution
pL pH ' Tmber,3 ,°f luhe L?Sislature and our Government, and determined °o observe
SutfJEJ „he-°trd,erT?and by the authority of and abide by its compromises, as our fathers
aPP01.ntet| Executive, the act of the made them, yet I am constrained to believe that
Legislature ordering the election of a Delegate to there are designing men who, whilst thev mav
herewith\helrtiLaiJP!ff?hnCr °f 8UCh ?£leSate j nm desire the overthrow of our beautiful system
in his possession. To these.?!w,iU pCrsist ina.course of conduct.
, ,   To these facts we point you,
£ exi.s,tence which are not denied. Upon the
other side, you have the revolutionary, unlawful,
outside, and unauthorized government to support
and defend. In opposition stand the Senate, the
Executive, the Judiciary, the American people—
all on the side of law and order. If you choose,
therefore, it is in the power of this House to be
in the agitation of questions of a sectional char-
acter, which must inevitably lead to that dreaded
result. And I hope I may be permitted to say,
with due respect to all men, that my brief expe-
rience as a representative has greatly increased
j my fears that our cherished system is rapidly
i hastening to a premature decay.
I Why, what scenes have transpired within the
