872
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 10,
and June, or will you defer it untH every man
an the line of these water-works is attacked with
illness? Of course, sir, this appropriation is
for an actual deficiency. I know there is some
§30,000 or |35,000 in the hands of the superin-
tendent, ttut still there is ft deficiency. What do
we agree to do? We agree to give him funds to
carry on the work, and he has got them. You
have, for instance, an agent doing business for
you, and you agree to place in his possession, or
under his control, #100,000 at the beginning of
every month. ' You fail to do it; and, though he
may have $20,000 or$30,000 on hand, there is nev-
erthelessadeficiency. Justexactly the same thing
occurs now with the superintendent of this work.
He has not the means to carry it on during the
year; and the question is, whether you will place
jt in his power to carry it on now, or let it go over
till next year ? I think our Government has never
shown more slovenliness in anything than in car-
rying on public works. The Department asks for
$1,000,000, and what do we do ? Wegive them,
perhaps,one fourth of that sum, and then allow
our employes, our superintendents, our inspect-
ors, our engineers, to remain idle and, let the
work go down, and all because we did not make
the appropriation asked. If you are going to do
the-work, do it at once—do it promptly.
Mr. SEWARD. I agree with the gentleman
from Vermont [Mr. M bach am] that the remarks
of the gentleman from South Carolina [Mr. Orr]
were very well made; but they were based upon
a bad system of reasoning. Now, sir, the policy
of our Government in the commencement of tins
work was bad; and no reasoning or ingenuity
that the gentleman can bring to bear on the sub-
ject can make it right. Sir, what is the condi-
tion of things here ? The very moment Congress
appropriated this money for the purpose of bring-
ing water to the city of Washington, the oppres-
sive landlords immediately increased their rents
some fifty per cent, on the poor laboring classes.
If these water-works are to be continued, the effect
of it will be to impose heavier rents on the labor-
ing classes, and to benefit such men as Corcoran
and others, who have been feeding on this Gov-
ernment for years. Wow, the Government lias
expended quite enough on this thing; and the j
sooner we arrest the progress of the work, and !
sink the $350,000 already appropriated, the better, j
for the two and a half millions estimated will not
cover half the cost of the work. It.will take
about five millions of dollars to do it. Again, ;
sir, the principle is wrong in another aspect, j
Though the Constitution of the United States con- j
fers upon Congress exclusive power to legislate j
for this District and over this District, I deny the 1
right of this Congress to tax the American peo- !
pie for the purpose of constructing works of this |
sort beyond that which is necessary to protect i
the public buildings in this city. Sir, I ask if it:
is necessary for that purpose? It may be to a i
certain extent, but not to the extent that they ask
for. It is an abuse of the public money to pro- ;
vide those accommodations for the citizens of i
Washington and Georgetown, the better classes ;
of whom arc able to supply themselves with water. [
I hope the whole amendment of the Senate will i
be stricken out. j
The amendment to the amendment was notj
agreed to. :
Mr. GREENWOOD. I move to increase the :
appropriation fifty dollars. It is usual, Mr. Chair- >
man, I believe, whenever the question of appro- i
priating money for these water-works comes up,!
for gentlemen "to give in their experience in regard
to the propriety of constructing these works. It'
is known to this House, that I opposed this '
appropriation during the last Congress. Had I!
been a member of the Congress which made the :
original appropriation of §100,000, the greater ,
portion of which was expended, as I understand, !|
n engineering, I should have opposed thatal so. !|
In the last Congress, when we were called on to 'i
consider the propriety of making an additional
appropriation of §250,000, I opposed the propo-
sition, for the reasons suggested by the gentle-
man from Georgia, [Mr. Seward,] and for other
reasons. It may be, that the effect of it will be
to enhance the value of property here, and to
increase the rents of the laboring classes of the
city. All I have to say, in regard to that remark
of the gentleman is, that, if the laboring classes
in Washington and Georgetown find themselves
oppressed by their landlords, they may come out
to our western country, and we will find homes
for them all. My proposition at the last Con-
gress was, that the Government should appro-
priate four fifths of the expense of bringing water
into these cities, but thatno portion of the money
should be paid, if appropriated, until the cities of
Washington and Georgetown had appropriated
and paid one fifth of the expense. That, in my
opinion, was right and proper. But that propo-
sition was voted down, and the system has been
adopted by the Government. Three hundred and
fifty thousand dollars have been appropriated and
expended upon the work. It seems to be conceded
on all hands, that the Government is to bring water
into these cities; and, when that has been done, it
may be that the citizens of the place will then come
and beg Congress to lay down the distributing
pipes, and to purchase for them buckets to carry
the water into their houses. But, however that
maybe, the work has been commenced; §350,000
have been expended; and the only question that
remains for us to decide is, whether we shall carry
on the work, or throw away what has already
been expended. We shall have to provide for
the work at some time, and my opinion is that
we had better do it now.
I have not moved this amendment for the pur-
pose of increasing the appropriation, but simply
for the purpose of expressing my views upon this
subject, and of saying that I shall cease all oppo-
sition hereafter to the construction of these water-
works. I have thus far consistently opposed the
appropriations for that purpose, but I do not think
it necessary that I should do it longer. I do not
say now what will be my final vote upon this
proposition, but I desire to announce that I shall
cease all further opposition to carrying on this
work.
Mr. CADWALADER. Mr. Chairman, Con-
gress, under its power of exclusive legislation in
this District, has made here a city which will
soon contain two hundred thousand inhabitants.
The population is already seventy thousand.
Without an adequate flowof water under a proper
head, the dwelling-houses of those inhabitants
will be insecure against fire. We have lately
seen the house of Colonel Benton consumed be-
fore our eyes, withoiua gallon of water to extin-
guish the fire. Such a conflagration might, at
any time, occur, with much greater danger to
surrounding property. Before this work was
undertaken, it was a question whether it should
be performed by the city corporation or by Con-
gress. An alternative, upon which differences
of opinion might reasonably be entertained, was
then presented. I should, perhaps, not have
voted for the plan which was adopted, not be-
: cause it was in principle objectionable in itself,
! but because, between the two alternatives, I
j should probably have preferred the adoption of
| the other plan; but, after a choice between such
, alternatives, and the adoption of a plan, it ought
j to be earned into final effect, unless the original
I estimates are to he extravagantly exceeded, or
! some objection to the principle on which it rests
| can be suggested.
j Sir, I have examined with some care the char-
I acterof this work. 1 find that it is instituted upon
I principles that entitle it to the highest commend-
ation. Instead of resorting to a pumping appa-
ratus, which requires an annual expenditure to
maintain it, the water first gravitates into a reser-
voir, and from that reservoir afterwards flows into
the trunks of supply. These main trunks will
pass through the principal avenues in such a
mode, that, whenever dwelling-houses are after-
wards to be supplied, a water rent or tax, assessed
upon the most economical basis, will pay a rev-
enue equal to double the interest of the whole
estimated expenditure. We have had experience
of this in other cities, where works of this de-
scription have not been an expense, but, on the
contrary, a source of revenue.
This work is not attended with the probable
incidents which render estimates doubtful. It
depends simply upon the flow of the water into
the intended reservoir, and its distribution by
its own gravitation through the trunks. I do
not, therefore, believe that the expenditure will
I exceed materially, if at all, the estimates; and I
believe that the work has progressed so far that
its continuance is a matter of necessity, I adopt
the views of the. gentleman from South Carolina,
[Mr. Orr,] not altogether for the reasons sug-
gested by him, but in part for these reasons. I
would not agree with him if I thought the original
plan essentially wrong in principle. I do not
understand, indeed, that his original objections to
the plan went to this extent. As I do not think
that it can be regarded by the strictest construc-
tionist as having been fundamentally wrong, I
have no difficulty in voting for the appropria-
tion.
The amendment to the amendment was disa-
greed to.
Mr. SIMMONS. I propose to reduce the ap-
propriation $100,000. Mr. Chairman, this ques-
tion is one of more importance than a great many
that occupy our time here for two or three days.
As yet, we have no examination, no facts, noth-
ing before us showing what the work is going
to cost. Gentlemen upon the other side of the
House get up and tell us, with a view of giving
great weight to their conversion, that they were
originally opposed to the construction of these
water-works. They were all against it until the
Administration took it up some two years ago,
and now they are converted. [Laughter.] Wash-
ington city, we all know, if not exactly a pauper
city, is a place which expects from the Govern-
ment disbursements not only to enable its people
to live, but its landlords to grow rich. It is a
good deal like Saratoga Springs, in my State,
which lives upon strangers. The only difference
between them is, that, while Saratoga lives on
Congress water, this place lives on Congress wind.
[Great laughter.] I am perfectly willing, for one,
whenever there is an assessment of the real estate,
that belonging to the United States as well as that
belonging to private individuals, to vote the con-
tribution fairly due from the Government to the
work. 1 will go for the United States' share of
the expense. Have a valuation made of the prop-
erty in the District; and in proportion as the United
. States own property I am willing to contribute,
i But the idea of voting little by little, and then
j considering the nail clinched upon us, is prepos-
terous. Gentlemen say that we are entrapped.
I do not believe that we are entrapped. There
; will be no considerable loss if we delay until we
j can get a proper assessment and contribution sys-
tem. Then start the work, and go ahead.
Mr. GOODE. Mr. Chairman, I wish to remark
to the gentleman from New York, who says
that we have no information by which, on the
present occasion, to govern our action, that, if
he will look to the administration of Mr. Fill-
more, he will find full estimates of the probable
cost of the construction of this work. He will
find the cost as estimated at length by the reg-
ular scientific officers of the Government to be
$2,300,000. What further information does the
gentleman desire? A proposition has been offered
hf-Tt; for information, all of which is plreadv
withm the possession of gentlemen if they will
t-eek it. We have all, except such as will enable
contractors to make bids. "Where, thr-n, is the
necessity for this delay? The gentleman and
others maintain that this subject is to be treated
as if it were a chanty to the people of the city of
Washington. I deny that it is to be so considered.
The people here acquire no legal right whatever
in ally appropriation under this bill. They have
no pov/er to furnish themselves with water from
the aqueduct; but the whole appropriation is to
be expended under the authority of the Govern-
ment of the United States, and the cndie supply
of water is to be kept under the jurisdiction and
control of the Government. It is not a charity
fortlie citizens of Washington. I would not ad-
vocate it as a charity. I claim the right to expend
this money, on the ground that we ought to pro-
j vide for the security of the many public buildings,
I filled with important archives, against fire.
I If it be true that the citizens of this city will
i derive benefit from the proposed introduction of
; a sufficiency of water for the safety of the public
| buildings, it is collateral and incidental, and I
| might rejoice at it. But I say that the whole
| expenditure is for the bemfitof Government, and
j to be under its control. Two million three jiun-
i dred thousand dollars are asked to bring water
from the Great Falls of the Potomac to the reser-
voir on the heights of Georgetown. From there,
pipes are to be laid by the Government to con-
duct the water to the several public buildings in
the District of Columbia. No private citizen has :
