146
THE CONGRESSIONAL' .GLOBE,
January 4,
I thank the House for its kind
I object.
orable gentleman from Indiana will be permitted
to continue his remarks. [Renewed cries of'' Go
on!" "No objection!"]
Mr. DUNN. * "
indulgence  
Mr. McMULLIN. „ .
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee.^ If there is ob
iection, I move that the gentleman from Indiana
be heard.
Mr. McMULLIN. I objected not from any
indisposition to hear the gentleman from Indiana,
but because I prefer that the ten-minute rule
should be rescinded.
Several Members. Oh, no! Let him go on.
Mr. McMULLIN. Well, sir, as gentlemen
seem to request it, I will withdraw my objection,
and allow the gentleman from Indiana to proceed.
Mr. JONES. I suggest, then, that, by unan-
imous consent, the gentleman from Indiana be
allowed to continue his remarks for ten minutes
longer.
Mr. DUNN. I beg leave again to thank the
House for this kindness. I shall not trespass
upon its indulgence unreasonably. I was going
on to say, that I hoped there was no man any-
where to be found in this country, that would dis-
regard the force of two such illustrious examples
as those I have named.* The proudest are- not
abased in following them; the humblest elevates
himself when he walks in the footsteps of such
men. None have the right to say nay, when
called by the wants of the public service to «uty.
Now, sir, I have mentioned the name of the
gentleman from Ohio, with the reliable informa-
tion which I have received of his entire fitness
for the place for which I have designated him.
He has experience ifi such duties, and is a man
of general ability. Gentlemen, he is true to your
interest. He is true to the great lesson of that
land which was dedicated to freedom and to free
labor, forever. Ho has known no other lesson
but that taught by our great and wonderful his-
tory. He could not be otherwise than true to
you. Does any man doubt it? If there is one,
let him speak. Ho is honest; he is capable; ho
is faithful to the Constitution. These are the
conceded requisites for place. He will not betray
you; ho will not prove faithless to the cause of
liis country. Why, then, should we hold back
for a moment? There, I doubt not, we can con-
centrate our strength, and organize if we will
but try.
Gentlemen say that they are embarrassed by
their old party positions, from the fact that they
have been Democrats. My answer is, that such
arc the antecedents of the man that I propose.
He has no other; there he is with you. Now,
what is your objection? Let mo " know your
faith by your works " on this primosition. But
the gentleman himself objects. T have noticed
already what ought to be a sufficient answer to
his objections; and because lie does object 1 like
him none the less: in my judgment, we should
all like him the more. These high places should
not be sought by men, but should seek the man;
and if wo shall establish and steadily adhere to
that rule of conduct, the generations of a thousand
years will rejoice in the blessings which arc ours
to-day—not diminished, but still increased and
advanced with the march of time. Our insti-
tutions and our blessings then will not fail, but
they will stand—will endure forever. These
places ought not to be regarded as the object of
individual, of eager, of grasping, of bold-faced
ambition; and in the day we surrender them
to such pursuits, it would be better at once to
apply the torch and consume all; for it. is only
a vain struggle to preserve that which is passing
away, and will result only in individual suffering
to all who coine to the rescue.
I shall present, sir, the name of the gentleman
from Oluo [Mr. Leiter] as the means of accom-
modation. I shall not call for the previous ques-
tion. Other gentlemen may desire to submit
amendments. Let that be done. Let us have
the amendments. Let us cast about; let us try
if there is not one man in this House who will
be acceptable to all. Amend, if you choose, with
the name of Mr. Banks—see if he can command
a majority. I shall not say one word in dispar-
agement of that gentleman. I point you to an
existing fact. You know that there are some
embarrassments which it is scarcely possible to
expect gentlemen can overcome. Things have
been said here in regard "to appliances'used or
offered; things have been said m the journals of
the country—no matter whether they are true or
false—in view of which the moment any man
should change his vote to Mr. Banks, under ex-
isting circumstances, he would be blasted in
reputation before the public. There is no escape
from it. We are bound to be useful; to do that,
we must preserve the powers of usefulness, and
not permit ourselves to be the subject of unjust
crimination, where we never could explain. Gen-
tlemen ought to consider this. I wish to relieve
gentlemen from embarrassment. Let them make
amendments from all quarters. Let us try each
proposed name; and when we have cast about, I
doubt not that by these means we may and will
end this strife and this controversy. We have
abundant precedent for this mode of electing the
officers of this House. It has been often done.
And I say to the gentleman from Ohio [Mr.
Leiter] that, if at last it shall be found that he
is the man of our choice, he ought to surrender
himself to the necessity of the occasion. He
ought, then, to withdraw the words of repugnance
which he uttered yesterday. He cannot decline
the station if we tender it-to him. I know he
distrusts his own abilities and shrinks from this
responsibility. Ho contemplates the whole sub-
ject with unmixed dismay. Let him arm himself
with his accustomed fortitude. Let him face
this
sea of troubles,
And, by opposing, end lliem!
Let him be encouraged by the certain knowledge
that, in all the trials which may await him, he will
be surrounded by brave hearts that will comfort,
and strong arms that will sustain him. I insist
that he should yield himself to us as a means of
deliverance, and I beg gentlemen on all sides to let
his submission be a peace offering, and a bond of
harmony and concord^amongst us.
Our reconciliation effected, and our differences
on this subject settled, we may go on harmo-
niously to the accomplishment of the great work
which is so earnestly desired by all who have
been struggling'on one side of this House. I
offer, for the purpose of accomplishing these ends,
the resolution which I send to the Clerk's desk.
I hope that it may not be laid on the table. We
should at least make an experiment on the sub-
ject. 1 am perfectly willing to hear and consider
any amendment which gentlemen may wish to
offer.
In conclusion, let me say that I have carefully
tried to avoid anything that might give offense.
If one word has escaped me that has in the least
wounded any man's feelings, he may be assured
it was not intentional. References to painful
subjects here have necessarily been made, but
that has been done with as much delicacy as was
possible in order to be understood.
The Clerk read the resolution, as follows:
Resolved, That Benjamin F. Leiter, a Representative
from tlie Btato of Ohio, lie, ami be hereby is, doe lured to bo
the Speaker of the llouse of Representatives of this, tlie
Thirty-Fourth Congress.
Mr. IvNOWLTON. Mr. Clerk, the gentle-
man from Indiana [Mr. Dunn] has represented
us as being in an entanglement. To whatever ex-
tent that may be true, those of us who are acting
withalarire majority of the anti-Nebraska strength
of this House feel that that honorable gentleman,
and a very few other equally honorable gentle-
men who were elected like him on similar issues,
have it in their power to help us out of this en-
tanglement. We do not wish to be severe. We
do not, and we will not, indulge in harsh words,
or in any unkind feelings to\v;ards those gentle-
men. The great mass of the anti-Nebraska
strength on tins floor has come up hero from
different parts of the country to represent and to
acton a great principle; and we do feel, sir, and
comprehend the propriety of a few gentlemen
piesenting to us, who are united on a man whom
even our enemies admit to lie preeminently fitted
for the position, a proposition that we shall leave
that man and vote for another.
The honorable gentleman from Indiana has
spoken eloquently of the great West. Sir, the
far East appreciate the great and giant West.
The cords which bind us together are indisso-
luble. Our sons and our daughters have gone
there; they have taken with them our capital;
they have made for themselves homes; and they
have made for this nation ail increase of domain
of which any countrrmight well be proud. But,
sir-, will that great West, going out from the East
under circumstances like these, now come here
to meet those of us who come up from the East
and bring in these local questions to separate us ?
Especially, sir, we ask them if they wUl do that
when, as the gentleman himself has laid,, "the
■place has seemed to seek the man," and not the man
the place?
Allow me, sir, a? ingle word as to personal
preferences. It is not Massachusetts that comes
here and asks the election of the honorable gen-
tleman from Massachusetts [Mr. Banks] as
Speaker. She, as a State, does not'press it, al-
though she may well be proud of the honorable
gentleman for whom we are all proud to cast our
votes. She docs not press it. The great spirit of
freedom aroused throughout the length and breadth
of the free States of this Union, has laid her
hand upon that honorable gentleman, and is ask-
ing that he may go up to occupy that chair; and,
so far as the West is concerned, so far as the pio-
neer spirit that dwells in the West is concerned—
that spirit of energy which has led these men out
into that land, where in all this Union can that
spirit of inherent energy find a more fit repre-
sentative than in the honorable gentleman from
Massachusetts for whom we vote ? Sir, if I may
be pardonet^the expression, he is a man whose
native energy has broken through all the barriers
that surrounded him, and he has raised himself to
a position in the estimation of the freemen of
this nation, of which any man on earth might
well be proud.
The gentleman from Indianahas said, "Let us
be reconciled." I hope, Mr. Clerk, that we
anti-Nebraska men have not yet got so far from
each other that the use of that term is appropri-
ate. We came here—I speak now of anti-Ne-
braska men—entertaining differences of opinion
upon some other questions. We have been in
session balloting for five long weeks, it is true;
but what are five weeks? What is a war or
strife, if you choose to call it so, of five weeks'
duration when weighed in the scale with human
liberty ? Mr. Clerk, I am free to declare, as one
member of this House, that I am willing calmly
to remain here for five weeks, or even for five
months longer, contending for the great princi-
ples which underlie this struggle—not from any
personal preference for any man, or for a man
from any particular State, but contending for
those great principles which, in our estimation,
lie deep down at the foundation of all that is
valuable in this Government—the principles of
human freedom as opposed to oppression and
slavery.
The honorable gentleman from South. Caro-
lina, [Mr. Boyce,] who has spoken this morn-
ing, has taken occasion to say that "there are
circumstances at work that must produce a dis-
ruption of this Government." I beg to say to
that honorable gentleman, and to those gentle-
men who cooperate with him, that it is just as
they please about that. I wish to be distinctly
understood. We are not alarmed at these declar-
ations. If gentlemen are pleased to declare that
there are circumstances at work that must neces-
sarily produce a disruption of this Union, I say
to them, as a Representative from a free State, it
is just as you please about that, gentlemen !
The CLERK. The Clerk must remind the
gentleman that his time has more, than expired.
[Cries of "Go on !" from all parts of the Hall.]
Mr. KNOWLTON. Mr. Clerk, I thank the
gentlemen of this House for their courtesy, es-
pecially as I am a young man and a new man
here. I was about to say, sir, that we of the
free States have no idea of producing a disrup-
tion of the Union. We want to preserve this
Union, and, God helping us, we will preserve it
for all coming time, to spread the blessings of
liberty throughout all our vast domain, and to stand
a spectacle before, the whole world of what liberty
and freedotii can do for a nation. That is what
we intend to do, but if gentlemen will go out .
Ah, Mr. Clerk, I do not like to use such language.
I never like to speak of disunion. We do not
talk of it at the North. [A Voice. You are
talking of it now.] A gentleman over the way
says I am speaking of it now. Sir, when these
words are put into our mouths and crowded upon
us here, how can we help referring to it? We
