1856.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
139
34th Cong....1st Sess.
Kansas Contested Election—Mr. Wright, of Tennessee.
Ho. of Reps.
past twelve months, and even since the meeting
of this Congress! We have seen a great party-
built up in the North, overriding everything, and
moving on like a tornado, whose opinions were
purely sectional, whose watchwords were sec-
tional, and whose only objects seemed to be to
degrade and destroy their brethren of the southern
States. He who could use the most insulting epi-
thets aspired to the leadership; and he who could
be most bitter in his abuse of the institutions and
laws of sovereign States was hailed with the
loudest applause. Strange as it may seem, and
humiliating as it is, that party succeeded in getting
power in this House; and you, sir, were chosen
to preside over the deliberations of this body
without having received a single vote, directly,
south of Mason and Dixon's line. This is the
first time in the history of this Government that
a like spectacle has been presented to the Ameri-
can people. Ah, sir! in the better days of the
Republic, when the warning words of Vernon's
chief were heeded by his countrymen, and when
men loved their country better than they loved
. themselves, Massachusetts was neither afraid nor
ashamed to take Virginia's sons—even her slave-
holding sons—by the hand, and hail them as her
chosen leaders; and the glorious Old Dominion, in
her turn, never turned her back upon an American
citizen because, forsooth, he lived in the North.
But now, sir, whilst Virginia remains true to her
ancient faith and practice, the same cannot be said j
of some of her sisters in the North. I ask, sir, |
if these facts are not ominous ? Do they not point
with unerring precision to those disastrous conse-
quences which follow on the formation of sectional '
parties as " the night follows the day?" But,
sir, I have digressed somewhat from the question
at issue, for which I beg the pardon of the House.
The question now under consideration is the
resolution'of the committee, giving them power
to send for persons and papers in the Kansas
contested election. One of the gentlemen, the :
sitting Delegate, General Whitfield, is aTennes-
eeean by birth, formerly a citizen of the district
which I have the honor to represent here, and
once a faithful and efficient representative in the I
State Senate. His reputation is dear to Tennes- j
seeans, and I feel that it is due to him, and due j|
to the people which I represent, that I should say j
something in relation to this question; but whilst j|
I confess my admiration for General Whitfield,
as a man and as a representative, I hope 1 will
neither permit that admiration for him, nor my
personal feelings of any kind, to bias me in this
matter.
I most heartily concur in the opinion expressed
by the majority of the committee, that it is of the
first importance that we have a full investigation
of the facts involved in th,is case—so far at least
as regards the questions which come legitimately
and properly before this House; and I am pre-
pared to assert here, that no gentleman on this
floor courts investigation more earnestly than
does the sitting Delegate. Sir, he desires no
concealments; he wants no shirking from just
responsibilities; he wants the fullest and the fairest
investigation; he wants his claims to a seat on
this floor scrutinized in every reasonable and just
manner. I speak whet I know, when I say that
John W. Whitfield would scorn to take a seat
on this floor if it was to be procured by corrup-
tion or fraud, or by a resort to any other means
than high and honorable ones. A life of useful-
ness and honor spent in my own State, and a
high and noble bearing as the gallant leader of
his countrymen on the field of battle, repels the
idea that the sitting Delegate here desires any-
thing but a fair and an impartial hearing. No,
sir, he would scorn concealment, and he would
frown upon his friends if they sought it. It is
certainly true, sir, as the committee say, that this
case is exciting throughout the whole country no
ordinary interest. The condition of public affairs
in the Territory of Kansas is such as not only to
excite the deepest interest, but to arouse the
fears of all lovers of law and order. But how-
ever extiting and alarming may be the affairs in
that Territory, it will not, certainly, justify this
House in taking the action recommended by the j
committee. Why send for persons and. papers '
to, ascertain how many men there are in Kansas
sent there by emigrantaid societies, with Sharpe's
rifles in their hands, to force upon the people <jf
that Territory what these saintly gentlemen, with
Horace Greeley at their head, are pleased to term
" freedom ?" The New York Tribune, that great
fomenter of civil discord, and the organ of the
so-called Black Republican party, says;
" The people of Kansas and the friends of ' freedom,' for
Kansas must continue to do what they have been doing ever
since the passage of the Kansas-Nebraska hill, (i- e. they
must pour free settlers into Kansas well armed with
Sharpe's rifle, or other convenient weapon, wherewith to
defend themselves against these ' border ruffians.') "
Now, sir, do the committee wish to send for
persons and papers to ascertain what is the con-
dition of the public mind in that Territory, or
how faithfully these emigrants have used their
Sharpe's rifles, placed in their hands by reckless
fanatics and traitors, to defend themselves against
the border ruffians ? I submit, sir, whether this
House has any authority or any business to
institute such an inquiry by sending for persons
and papers ? But, say they, the Territory has
been invaded by people from Missouri, with their
proper leaders, supplied with provisions, fodder,
accommodations for camping, ammunition, and
artillery; and this is another reason why they
desire this unheard-of and monstrous authority—
a proceeding which at once strikes the mind, it
seems to me, as impracticable. Why, sir, how
many persons are you to bring from Kansas, a
distance of thousands of,miles? How much will
be the expense attendant on such a proceeding?
Will you not spend—yea, waste—tens of thou-
sands of the public treasure in carrying it out?
And how long will it require to close this investi-
gation, if the House adopt the resolution of the
committee? But, say the committee, it is not
long since $30,000 were expended by the Govern- j
ment in reclaiming a single fugitive slave, and, '
therefore, we ought not to urge the question of
expenditure in this case. I ask, sir, in all candor, I
if the cases are parallel? In the case of the ,
fugitive slave, an organized resistance to the law
existed—a rebellion against a law, sir, passed to .
carry out a plain provision of the Constitution;
and the Executive, in discharge of his duties
under the Constitution, and in obedience to his
oath, was bound to see the laws faithfully exe-
cuted.
But how is it in this case, sir ? The committee i
say that rebellion and disorders exist in the Ter-
ritory. Suppose it be so, why should this House j
send for persons and papers to prove it ? If any
organized body of men in that Territory are in a 1
state of rebellion, this House has no more or I
further power than to make appropriations to aid !
the Executive in enforcing the law; and I remem-
ber to have heard the gentleman from Indiana
[Mr. Dunn] declare, that he would never vote a
dollar for that purpose, or language to that effect.
Mr. DUNN (interrupting) said: The gentle-
man from Tennessee clearly misapprehended me,
if he understood me to say that I would not vote
for any appropriation to aid the President in en-
forcing the law. I will vote to sustain law and
order any and everywhere.
Mr. WRIGHT. I thank the gentleman for '
the correction.
Mr. DUNN. But I will never vote to sustain
what is revolution. I said then, and now repeat,
that it appears that all legislative power, by rea-
son of what had taken place there, had gone out
of the Territory of Kansas before the passage
of these so-called laws of Kansas. If that be so,
then what is now called laws, are not so. They
are no more than the edicts of unlicensed men;
they are wholly void, and I never will, with that
understanding, sanction their enforcement to any
extent, much less to so grave an issue as the
shedding of blood.
Mr. WRIGHT continued: But? sir, if the con-
dition of affairs in the Territory is such as has
been set forth in the report of the majority, I ask
if the Executive has notdoneall that can be done to
bring the disorders to a close ? He has issued his
proclamation, warning all parties that he will pre-
serve order, and calling upon all good men to
assist him in maintaining the peace of the coun-
try. He has officially informed Congress that
" Circumstances have occurred to disturb the course of
governmental organization in the Territory of Kansas, and j!
produce there a condition of things which renders it incum • ] j
pent on me to call your attention to the subject, and urgently I!
to recommend the adoption by you of such measures of
legislation as the grave exigencies of the case appear to
require."
I read from the message of the President. Here,
sir, we have official and reliable information of
the kind which the committee desire; but, not
satisfied with this, they desire to send for persons
and papers, to prove what we are already in-
formed of; and for what purpose, sir ? I have
already alluded briefly to the time it will require
to complete this investigation, if the recommend-
ation of the committee be adopted; and I seriously
suspect that there is a question of time connected
with this whole affair, which lies at its very
foundation. Agitation, sir, agitation of this ques-
tion of slavery is what gentlemen desire—a pres-
idential contest is coming on us soon; and it may
be that some gentlemen and some party are to
be benefited by this continual and useless agita-
tion of a question which threatens the very exist-
ence of our free institutions. Keep up the agita-
tion, never let it be settled, and benefit to your
party may accrue.
I have alluded to the proclamation and the
special message of the President of the United
States; and for this, sir, he has been made the
object of especial abuse by gentlemen, both in
this House and in the other end of the Capitol.
His c«urse has been denounced as an act of great
"public indecency," and such terms as syco-
phants and dough-faces have been applied un-
sparingly.- I ask, sir, if the President has not
| done his duty—nothing more, nothing less? The
, Constitution makes it his duty to see that the
laws are faithfully executed. Congress, at the
, last session, organized the Territory of Kansas,
j Congress certainly had that power. The legis-
lative powers in the Territory were intrusted to
a Council and a House of Representatives, duly
1 elected and empowered to enact all the local laws
which they might deem necessary and proper for
I the Territory. The President found these laws
enacted by the Legislature; and I submit it to the
minds of all candid and honest men, if his duty,
under the Constitution, is not to see that they are
faithfully executed, without any inquiry as to
whether the laws are good or bad, proper or
improper? It seems to me, sir, that this is a pro-
position which cannot be denied.
Sir, 1 contend that in this affair the President
has done his duty; and every citizen ought to
unite with him in preserving the peace and quiet
of the country: and I do not think it accords
with the high responsibilities of American Sen-
ators or members of Congress to oppose the
President in his patriotic efforts to execute the
laws of the land.
I now come directly to the questions raised by
the majority report. If I understand the report
correctly, one reason for adopting the novel and
extraordinary proceeding is, that persons may be
brought here to prove that the legislative act of
the Territory of Kansas, under which General
Whitfield was elected a Delegate to this House,
was null and void, because many, if not all, the
members of that Legislature were elected by ille-
gal voters. And I presume, sir, that if the res-
olution is adopted, and person s and papers enough
are found to establish these facts, the committee
contemplate declaring by this House—a single
coordinate branch of the Government—that every
law passed by the Kansas Legislature is void
and of no effect. Not only is General Whitfield's
election to be declared a nullity, but, sir, all the
contracts for property, all the conveyances of
land, and all the marriages, are to be pronounced
void and of no effect. It seems to me that gen-
tlemen ought to pause, and consider maturely
before they enter upon so important a work as
this.
I shall express no opinion now as to the power
of the Congress, with the executive sanction, to
set aside the laws of a Territory; but I deny most
emphatically that this House alone—a single one
of coordinate branches—has any such power.
To concede this power as applied to this case
would be to grant to this House the power to go
behind the acts of a State Legislature, and decide
upon the validity of the elections and returns of
each member; in other words, it would be to
give this House, not only the right to judge of
the qualifications and election returns of its own
