1856.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1747
Mr. BUTLER. You are going to dig harbors
at unheard of places. Suppose I were to name
Michilimackinac, and propose an appropriation
of $500,000 for its improvement: would you not
vote for it ?
Mr. PUGH. No.
Mr. BUTLER. Put it in a bill, and youVould.
Why, sir, the other day I said to the honorable
Senator from Maine, [Mr. Fessenden,] who is
a man of remarkable clearness, How doyouknow
these places ? Do you get them from geography ?
"No, said he, " I find them in the bills." Put
them in a bill, and that is suflietent; put Michil-
imackinac in this bill, and he will vote for it.
Putting it in a bill christens it. I would not want
a better sacerdotal exhibition than to have the
Senator from Michigan rise and sprinkle every
©ne of them; and then they are baptized. [Laugh-
ter.]
Mr. TOOMBS. Mr. President, the Senator
from Michigan has read me an extract from Mr.
Calhoun's report at the celebrated Memphis Con-
vention. I made some remarks on that yester-
day, and, as I then stated, that was one of Mr.
Calhoun's departures from a correct principle,
and I believe about the only one. I think it a
little remarkable that the honorable Senator from
Michigan adopts none of his opinions but his
errors; for in regard to the great polity of gov-
ernment and strict construction, I believe no two
statesmen, especially of the same party, differed
more widely than the Senator from Michigan and
Mr. Calhoun.
Mr. CASS. The honorable Senator is mis-
taken.
Mr. TOOMBS. Well, sir, whatever may be
the "weight of authority of'Mr. Calhoun, which
the Senator has read, I will read the authority of
a greater and more authoritative name than even
Mr. Calhoun's. President Madison,in his mes-
sage to the House of Representatives, of the 3d
of March, 1817, in stating his objections to an
act to set apart and pledge certain funds for in-
ternal improvements, says:
" The power to regulate commerce among the several
States cannot include a power to construct roads and canals
and to improve the navigation of water courses, m order to
facilitate, promote, and secure such a commerce, without a
latitude of const! uction departing from the ordinary import
•of the terms, strengthened by tiie knuwn inconveniences
which doubtless led to the grant of this remedial power to
Congress."
There is Mr. Madison's authority. Mr. Jef-
ferson declared in his protest that such measures
were null and void.
Mr. CASS. The Senator read from Mr. Mad-
ison's message of the 3d of March, 1817 ?
Mr. TOOMBS. Yes, sir.
Mr. CASS. I was here at the time, and he
drew it up very hastily.
Mr. TOOMBS. His letters, especially those
to Mr. Monroe, show that he stuck to it until
the day of his death. Mr. Jefferson, in drawing
up the protest from Virginia, declared these
measures null and void. He was as good a nulli-
fier as I am; for I would nullify them, if I could.
Mr. CASS. Mr. Jefferson signed a bill appro-
priating $22,000 to make a harbor in Delaware
bay.
Mr. TOOMBS. Mr. Jefferson is always the
best exponent, and the reference to him shows
the importance of a great name in this country.
There may be a thousand bills presented with
reference to harbors, which would vary according
to the interests of the country in peace and war.
A measure might have been presented to a former
President m view of a contingency of war. Pres-
idents may have signed unconstitutional meas-
ures. I have no doubt that I vote for some such.
Every Senator's attention cannot be brought to
every provision of a bill; nor can every President
always attend to all the items of a bill, though it
is his constitutional duty to examine it; and it is
my constitutional duty to examine the provisions
of every bill before me as far as I can. It is too
late now to controvert the opinions of Mr. Jeffer-
son. The Senator cannot show a line from him
or Mr. Madison thatever construed the power to
regulate commerce differently from the construc-
tion which I give to it.
I know it is fashionable for gentlemen to talk
of the doctrines of Jefferson and Madison. The
Black Republicans do it; but we know what they
mean. They mean to take so much of their fan-
ciful ideas of free negrodom as suits them, and
nothing more. When they can find in Jefferson's
or Madison's writings some fanciful exposition of
the rights of men—especially black men, because
they do not care so much for white men—they
are orthodox. But when you come to standing
on the great charter of our liberties—when you
come to checking cupidity—when you come to
restraining the expenditure of public money to
public uses, they no longer worship that god.
Then they no longer turn theirfaces to Jerusalem
to worship. This is a pretext. If they had said
in their Philadelphia resolutions that they agreed
with Mr. Jefferson as far as he was in favor of
free black men, there would be something honest,
and I should not have cause to complain; but
when they profess devotion to his principles, it
is a deception. I generally agree in his opinions,
and I think even many of his abstract notions on
this subject are right.
Mr. WADE. Whether they are abstract or
not, they are all right.
Mr. TOOMBS. I call them abstract; for I
believe he kept his negroes as long as he lived,
and left them to his heirs. I expect to do the same
thing; so that our practice is the same, whatever
our notions may be. I am following Jefferson's
practice, at least in that respect.
Sir, I have shown Mr. Madison's meaning of
the phrase, " regulate commerce," for which the
Senator from Michigan brought against me the
influence of his great name, as giving a restrictive
meaning to the clause. The sin, if any, is on
Madison; the sin is on Jefferson; the sin is on
Monroe; the sin is on Jackson; the sin is on
Tyler. This system may have met approval
from the foxes who sometimes crawl into power
in this country; but I give you the view of the
men who have been accepted by the Republicans
of the United States, as patriots and good states-
men, who have "been sustained by the country.
1 put a question to the Senator from Michigan
which he cannot answer, for it involves him m a
position from which no man in the Senate can
escape. The power to regulate commerce is an
exclusive power, and, as a necessary corollary,
it belongs alone to the General Government. If,
under this clause, you have the power to facilitate
commerce, the States have not the power. If it
is a concurrent power, the States may lay duties
upon imports and exports. This clause has been
constantly defined in* the Supreme Court, in re-
gard to laying duties upon imports, to be exclu-
sive. I say the whole power is either exclusive
or concurrent. It belongs either to the General
Government or to the States. Let gentlemen
take either horn of the dilemma. Under our Con-
stitution, the power must be lodged either in the
United States Government, or in the State gov-
ernment, or in both. •
The power being absolute, the grant to the
General Government being exclusive, it does not
belong to the States; and it is a complete sequilur,
which no logician can avoid, that, if this be an
exclusive power in the General Government,
according to the doctrine of the Senator from
Michigan, the States cannot improve their own
rivers; and if it be a concurrent power, the States
can lay duties on imports. It strikes me that no
logical mind can resist the conclusion.
The difficulty on this subject has been great;
there has been a great hunt after this power. If
you go back to 1817, you find they were then
hunting for it all over the Constitution. It is a
vagrant affair. It was searched for under the
post offices and post roads clause; under the mili-
tary and naval power; under the power to regulate
commerce; under the " common defense and gen-
eral welfare" clause. There is scarcely a single
clause in which somebody has not attempted to
lod"-e it. It has been beaten, and battled, and
kicked about; but its immortality—the living spark
which prevents it from dying—is the accursed
thirst for gold. That prevents its being crushed
out forever. Crush it under one principle, and it
comes up under another.
Mr. Jefferson told you, that if you wanted the
power you should go to the people and get it; and
if they did not give it, you ought not to exercise
it. Mr. Madison stood up against his own party
to it, even when they sought to use
funds in the United States Bank for this purpose.
The fathers told you that you had no power to
appropriate money for these purposes. Now,
for the first time m seventy years of the history
of this Government, you find yourselves able to
ride over aman bold enough, true enough, honest
enough to maintain his principles, and throw him-
self between you and the Constitution of the
country. Now you have power to plunder "the
Treasury in spite of his great constitutional
shield. You had better take your chances no"W.
I advise you to use the opportunity. You have
a chance now to rob the Treasury. You had
better make good use of it, because one of two
things is certain: either this abuse must be ar-
rested by the people through the legislative halls,
or it will be arrested by the people against the
voice of the legislative halls. For the one remedy
or the other, I stand right always to be the advo-
cate. I will try to do it through the legislative
halls when I can; but when that fails, I am will-
ing to defend the pockets of the people by the
good right arm of the people.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The Senator from South
Carolina has alluded to a sportive conversation
which took place between him and myself, and
his version of it puts me in a position of greftter
ignorance than I am willing to acknowledge. I
did not say that I never heard of these place® until
I saw them named in the bills. The honorable
gentleman asked me if they were in a gazetteer ?
I told him I did not know. He asked me where
1 could find them. I told him I could find them
in the bills. That is all.
Mr. BUTLER. Well, it was only playful,
for I paid the gentleman the compliment to say
that, whenever he stated anything on the respons-
ibility of his intelligence, I would rely on it.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I understand it very
well; but it might make a different impression.
Mr. WELLER. I ought perhaps to explain
the seeming inconsistency of the.votes which I
give in the Senate on this subject. I vote for
some of these bills, but others I am compelled to
vote against. I do not agree with my friend from
Michigan in deriving the power from that clause
of the Constitution which provides that Congress
may regulate commerce. I think Congress may
improve harbors wherever their improvement is
necessary for military or naval purposes. I con-
fine my votes exclusively to that point. When-
ever I have satisfactory evidence that an improve-
ment of this sort is necessary for the protection
of our Navy, or for naval purposes, I feel myself
at liberty to vote for it. There is a very slight
difference between the Senator from Geoigia and
myself in the principle; but there is a wide differ-
ence in our application of it. If it appears to me,
from examination, that these improvements are
not necessary for the protection of our Navy—for
naval purposes, I do not feel at liberty to vote
for them. This, I say, is the principle by which
I am guided. If I have perpetrated any errors
in the votes I have given, it has been on account
of a want of information as to the character of
the proposed improvements, I have never doubted
that, if you had power to put a war vessel on
Lake Michigan, you had the power to make an
appropriation for a harbor necessary to afford
protection to that vessel from the winds and
storms of heaven.
Mr. TOOMBS. I think, so too.
Mr. WELLER. You have no w a war steamer
on Lake Michigan; you have revenue cutters
there. Who doubts the right of this Govern-
ment to make an appropriation to give to those
vessels a place of refuge in case of storm, or in
case of pursuit by a public enemy ?
That is the principle by which I am governed;
and the only difficulty in my niind is in its ap-
plication. Sometimes, for the want of informa-
tion, I am compelled, perhaps, to vote against ,
some places which would afford protection to our
Navy; but that, is the fault of the committee. I
look to the gentlemen who report this bill for this
information; becauseJ>y this rule alone I am
guided. 1 have votal against four or five of
these bills, because, in my judgment, they wero
exclusively commercial—because they were in
tended to build up commerce, or rather to make
commerce at points where nature never intended
that there should be any. There have been mil-
lions of dollars expended by this Government in
attempting to make harbors where the God of
nature never intended that there should be any.
You make them there for commercial purposes.
Take the case you had yesterday. You asked
for an appropriation for Kenosha. That is withuj
