1856.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
mourn oyer it. "We are willing to take the ground
that our fathers took, and to do what the great
men of the North, to whom the honorable gentle-
man from South Carolina has referred,were will-
ing to do. I ask the honorable gentleman what
the great men of the South were willing to do ?
Wliat did your own immortal Jefferson, a part
of whose reputation we claim, although he was a
southern man,—and we claim him as the father
of true and pure Democracy—what was he will-
ing to do? To draw a prohibition against the
introduction of slavery into territory that was
free, and that is what we who claim to be the
true, real Democracy of the present day ask, and
nothing more. But we cannot follow the lead of
the sham Democracy of this day, who have back-
slidden from Jefferson, and whose once proud
banner is now trailing in the dust of slavery.
When gentlemen talk about conciliation, com-
promise, and harmony, we say to them distinctly,
if they expect harmony and conciliation when
they are asking everything for slavery, when the
whole policy of their Administration, within its
present short term, has been changed upon this
question, we say to them distinctly,you cannot ex-
pect harmony upon that ground. We were will-
ing—1 say we, the great mass of the free States—
were settling down into a willingness, reluctantly,
to be sure, to have harmony upon the compro-
mise of 1850. But this Administration comes in
and breaks ground anew. After having put upon
its banner, " no further agitation of slavery," not
a single Administration is permitted to close be-
fore they force upon the country the greatest
agitation which has ever been known in this land.
And now, before that agitation, which they them-
selves commenced, has had time to be quieted and
settled, as it will be settled, by the freemen of this
country, they rise hero and talk of harmony,
compromise, and concession. Wo say to them
in all sincerity, we wish for principles first—those
great principles of human freedom for which our
fathers contended. Docs the honorable gentle-
man from South Carolina [Mr. Boyce] believe
that the great Father of his Country, who stands
there upon the canvas, [pointing to a portrait of
Washington,] fought and lead on this nation to
victory, for the purpose of spreading abroad the
institution of slavery? He would not so slander
the character of that great man. He had the
cause of freedom in his great patriotic heart, and
it was that which lead him on, and caused him to
lead on our armies to victory.
With these remarks, and again thanking the
House for their kindness and attention, I have
only to say, as one member of this House, not
as an eastern man, or a northern man, but one
who has come here representing a great princi-
ple—the anti-Nebraska and anti-slavery-exten-
sion pi-inciple—we ought, to continue to vote for
thehonorable gentleman for whom we have voted,
because we can unite more votes upon him than
we can upon any other man, and because he is
preeminently qualified to fill that honorable sta-
tion.
Mr. HOWARD. I desire to present to the
House my views in regard to the entanglement
refcrfcd to by the honorable gentleman from In-
diana, [Mr. Dunn;] and first, I wish to call his
attention and the attention of the House to one
single fact. The gentleman alluded to the North-
west Territory, or rather to the States formed out
of that territory; and as I have the honor to repre-
sent a small portion of that territory, I beg to be
heard. The State of Ohio, whose honored son
[Mr. Leiter] the gentleman himself proposes to
place in the chair, was the first-born State from
that great Territory. But does Ohio come here
asking that gentleman's elevation to the speaker-
ship of this House? Have not nineteen out of
twenty-one of her Representatives been steadily
casting their votes for the honorable gentleman
from Massachusetts ? Then, by what authority
does the gentleman from Indiana claim this
honor for the State of Ohio ? How does the mat-
ter stand with reference to the gentleman's own
State, Indiana, formed out of a part of that same
territory? Are not all the anti-Nebraska Repre-
sentatives from his State voting steadily for the
gentleman from Massachusetts, with the excep-
tion of two ? How is it with Wisconsin, another
of those States ? Is not every one of her anti-
Nebraska members acting with the inflexible
" one hundred and five," in favor of the honor-
able gentleman from Massachusetts. How is it
as regards the State of Illinois, another of the
States formed out of that territory ? Is not every
one of her anti-Nebraska Representatives stand-
ing with us, shoulder to shoulder, and voting for
the honorable gentleman from Massachusetts?
How is it with the State which, in part, I have
the honor to represent? Why, sir, we have but
three anti-Nebraska Representatives, and sixty-
nine times have we voted in solid column for the
gentleman from Massachusetts. What, then, I
ask, is the voice of the anti-Nebraska sentiment
of the whole Northwest?
Mr. DUNN, (interrupting.) I would say to
the gentleman that I studiously avoided reference
to anything in the "slightest degree criminating,
and the gentleman's very questions are a reflection
upon the conduct of some here who are not an-
swerable to the gentleman, or to this House, for
their course upon this subject.
Mr. HOWARD. Not at all.
Mr. DUNN. Such adeclaration does not avoid
the force of what the gentleman has already said.
I beg leave to ask the gentleman a question.
Mr. HOWARD. Certainly.
Mr. DUNN. And I hope he will answer it.
Does he not know that the unanimity to which
he has alluded was brought about by a stress of
circumstances to which some of the gentlemen
to whom ho refers did not very patiently yield,
and by influences which they condemned; and I
ask, further, if he knows where the origin of those
difficulties commenced ?
Mr. HOWARD. Upon that subject I know
nothing beyond this general fact: There are, no
doubt, gentlemen voting for the honorable gentle-
man from Massachusetts who -would not recog-
nize that gentleman as their own first individval
choice. It was so with myself. But I deny, so
far as I know, that any unfair or unreasonable
pressure has been brought to bear upon any of
us, except the pressure we all feel—a desire to
see the House organized. If the gentleman knows
of any other jiressure, it is proper for him to state
it.
Mr. DUNN, (in his seat.) I do not think it
proper for me to do so now; but if crimination
is to begin, answers may become as unpalatable
as imputations.
Mr. HOWARD. Now, sir, having said thus
much about the Northwest Territory, I say fur-
ther, that I certainly acknowledge the right of
even a single member from the Northwest Ter-
ritory to act freely, unembarrassed, and without
creating any bitterness of feelings upon the part
of any other Representative from that quarter.
They act in view of their responsibility to their
own constituents. But I speak ol' the facts of the
case, and neither explanation, nor anything else,
can alter the facts. Again, I ask what is the
voice of the Northwest?
Let me, for a moment, refer to the record as it
has been made up during the five weeks we have
been trying to organize this House, and see where
the responsibility of this failure of organization
rests. What do we find ? We find the honor-
able gentlemen who are opposed to us arc divided
into two parties, of neither of which will 1 speak
with the least disrespect. They are divided into
two parties, and yet they protest that they arc
united, and agree exacfly with each other in ref-
erence to the " nationality" of their views upon
the slavery question. They agree with each
other, and they disagree with us. They agree
in making this the ali-nnportant and predominant
issue, the vital principle on which the peace, the
prosperity, and—some of them even say—the
salvation of the country depends. Well, gentle-
men, if you agree upon the vital principle, why
do you not unite?
And there is another thing, sir. This record
shows forty-one votes for the honorable gentle-
man from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Puller.] It
shows seventy-six votes for the honorable gen-
tleman from Illinois, [Mr. Richardson;] and
both these votes together, according to my arith-
metic, make one hundred and seventeen. I be-
lieve that the highest vote which has been given
here is two hundred and twenty-six; and, there-
fore, these two votes united make a majority of
the whole. Why, then, do you not, being in a
majority, as appears by the record, unite and
organize this House in spite of us. " factionists
and sectionalists " as you call us? Are your
party strifes and family quarrels predominant?
I put the question with all possible respect, and
I wish to be so understood., ' ; • . - ^
But suppose that we yield the point and say it
is doubtful which side has got the, majority bn
the principle, or whether there is a . majority on
either side, if thoroughly united." Suppose""W
concede the point that some of those wlli) Kav4
voted for the gentleman from Pennsylvania XMk
Fuller] have done so, not from political,'biit
from personal considerations! Well, so." it may
be with the gentleman from Illinois, [Mr.'Rick-
ardson.] And, therefore, the united vote dd£a
not show fairly the strength of the principle, and
that alone. Suppose it to be doubtful on which
side of this great gulf the majority lies! And
there is something laughable about this gulf.
Members stand up here and announce that they
agree with each other upon this vital issue—th&t
they want to make the gulf between them and
us as broad and as deep as possible; and we say
not a word. We stand upon our bank of the
gulf, and you on yours. Very well! Who has
got the majority? The record shows that you
have. But if this be erroneous, and if it be true
that, on the contrary, we have the majority, and.
that we can organize provided all the men on our
side agree to vote for the honorable gentleman
from Massachusetts, [Mr. Banks,] still we find
it difficult to unite We concede that we cannot
marshal our forces so as to bring every man
into the ranks. Neither can you. So, on which
ever side of the gulf the majority is, it is impos-
sible to unite that majority.
But what next? Pour times we tendered and
voted for the plurality rule, which would have
ended the strife. Those boasting of their "na-
tionality " united to defeat it. Jn almost every
instance they unite to prevent an organization,
but refuse to unite to organize even on their own
basis. Placing myself on this record, I appeal
to the country, and, if need be, will continue
voting until the 4th of March, 1857—
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. ORR obtained the floor.
Mr. HOWARD. I hope I will be allowed to
finish what I was about to say.
Several Members objected,
Mr. ORR. I have no objection to allow the
gentleman from Michigan [Mr, Howard] to con-
clude his remarks, provided it is not taken put
of my time.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. Let us settle this
thing, Mr. Clerk.
Mr. ZOLLICOFFER, (interrupting.) I move
that the resolution limiting the debate to ten
minutes be rescinded.
Several Members. On that motion I call the
yeas and nays.
Mr. SMITH. 1 move to amend, by extending
the ten-minute rule to thirty minutes.
The CLERK. Does the gentleman from Ten-
nessee [Mr. Zollicoffer] persist in his motion?
Mr. ZOLLICOFFER. Yes.
Mr. SMITH. Do I understand the motion of
the gentleman from Tennessee to be to rescind
the ten-minute rule altogether?
The CLERK. That is the motion.
Mr. SMITH. I propose to amend the prop-
osition by striking out "ten minutes," and in-
serting in lieu thereof " thirty minutes."
Several Members. Say twenty minutes, instead
of thirty.
Mr. VALK. I hope the gentleman from Mich-
igan [Mr. Howard] will be allowed to finish his
speech before the question be taken.
Mr. ZOLLICOFFER. I amend my proposi-
tion in such a way as to make it read, to reseind
the ten-minute rule for this day. [Loud cries of
" No, no."]
Mr. ORR. Have I not the floor, Mr. Clerk?
The CLERK. The gentleman from South
Carolina [Mr. Orr] was recognized by the Clerk
when the time of the gentleman from Michigan
[Mr. Howard] expired.
Mr. ZOLLICOFFER. Had I not the floor to
make my motion ?
The CLERK. Not without the consent of the
gentleman from South Carolina, [Mr. Okr.]
Mr. ORR. I have no objection to the gentle-
man from Michigan [Mr. Howard] going on by
unanimous consent, provided it be not taken out
of my time.
Mr. ZOLLICOFFER. I would inquire how
