1856.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
a right to tap these pipes until permission has
been obtained from the Government to do so.
We are not to take upon ourselves any obligation
to furnish any private citizen with water. I would
not give one of them any authority over the
subject. I would not place the subject under the
control of citizons of Georgetown and Washing-
ton. I would retain it under the control of the
Government of the United States, to be used for
our own purposes under all circumstances.
No gentleman will contend that there are not
adequate motives for considering the subject in a
public point of view. The purpose is to contrib-
ute to the health of the citizens, not merely of
Washington, but of the entire Confederacy who
visit this city, and that also of the public func-
tionaries who are compelled to reside here during
tho whole season. Health is essential to life, and
water is essential to health. Those of us who
are required to remain here are constrained to
encounter the peril of disease, in consequence of
a want of cleanliness in the city. What means
have they at this time to cleanse the gutters?
Have they the means of securing safety and
health to the people here—to the citizens and the
public functionaries? No, sir; and daily the eye
and olfactories are offended by obnoxious objects,
which engender the seeds of disease, pestilence,
and death. *
I'have no doubt in regard to the propriety of
this amendment. I regard it to be a question not
open to adjudication. It was decided by Mr. Fill-
more when the appropriation was made originally
for surveys. He was invested with authority to
dccide the question. He, together with the topo-
graphical engineers and the Secretary of War,
agreed in the propriety of the work that is now
undertaken at the Great Falls of the Potomac,
and to terminate as I have indicated.
The gentleman from Now York said that we
on this side of the House were against it until it
was taken up by the present Administration.
Sir, it was his Administration which introduced
it; but it has been approved and carried on by the
present Administration. The same topograph-
ical corps of engineers have made a report esti-
mating the probable cost, and that report has
been sustained and confirmed by the authorities
of the Government.
The amendment to the amendment was dis-
agreed to.
Mr. BALL. I move to increase the appropria-
tion £50,000.
Mr. Chairman, as a member of the Committee
on the Public Buildings and Grounds, I have had
occasion to look into this matter, and I did desire,
while the general debate was going on, to have
made some extended remarks on it. I have
examined the contract prices. I have been over
the line and examined the work. I was pleased
to find the work better done, and in a much more
forward condition, than I had expectcd. I do
not propose now, in the five minutes allowed me
to discuss this matter, to speak of the propriety
or the impropriety of the undertaking in the first
place. 1 care not what may have been my
opinion heretofore in reference to it, but I take
the subject as it is now presented to us. Con-
gress made an appropriation of $100,000, author-
izing the President to decide between the two or
three plans which were exhibited here for the
purpose of constructing the aqueduct to convey
water to this city. Tho President, in pursuance
of that act, went on and made the selection—not
Mr. Fillmore, as stated by the gentleman from
Virginia, but Mr. Pierce. The bill was passed,
and Mr. Fillmore gave it his sanction ten days
before the expiration of his term of office; but
the selection or choice between the three several
propositions devolved upon the present Execu-
tive. I am not going to complain of tho choice
he made. I have no doubt but that he did that
which he believed the interest of the country and
the public buildings demanded, and therefore I
have no question to raise with him upon that.
Congress, at the last session, sanctioned that
selection, and made a further appropriation of
§250,000.
There has, therefore, been expended already
$350,000 upon this work; and every dollar of that
amount has been expended beyond Little Falls,
and beyond Ilock creek, and not one dollar of it
can be made available in case the plan of the work
is changed, but will be totally lost. It has all
been expended between the Great Falls of the
Potomac and the Little Falls of the Potomac. I
have been along the line, and I found a great
amount of work done, much of which is in an
unfinished condition; and if this appropriation be
withheld and this work suspended, the Govern-
ment will lose vastly on the work which has been
done. Culverts are in an unfinished condition;
foundations for culverts have been excavated, and
unless the culverts are soon put in, they will be
filled up by the action of the weather. Very much
of the excavation for the conduits has been done,
which is filling in already; and the longer the
work is delayed the more it. will cost to clear them
out. Some of the culverts are finished, and others
are unfinished and are liable to be damaged. From
one third to half a mile of the aqueduct is done;
and one half of all the tunneling is finished—part
of it through solid rock; and I think it is done
well.
Now, I take it for granted that under these cir-
cumstances, this work is not going to stop. It
may be suspended now. Gentlemen on all sides
of the House may be disposed to be very eco-
nomical now, in view of the approaching presi-
dential election, and that fact may have some
influence in suspending the work for the present,
but it will go on after the presidential election;
and I think that true economy requires that, if it
is to go on, it should go on now. If you stop
the work, you not only run the risk of damage
to the work already finished, or partly finished,
but a vast amount of material which has been
collected will be damaged. All the brick for
doing the work has been already contracted for
at $8 75 per thousand, and much of it delivered
along the line.
[Iiere the hammer fell.]
Mr. SAGE. I do not wish to protract this
discussion, but I desire to say that I voted against
this woik, originally, because I believed it to be
wrong; and every dollar more expended is only a
continuation of that wrong. When you talk about
constructing these water-works within the esti-
mates, I can tell you it will be like the building
of the new dome of the Capitol, which it was
supposed—by two thirds of those who voted for
it—would cost only §100,000, and now we have
an estimate that it will cost $945,000, and that
will prove to be only a part of the cost.
Mr. MEACHAM. I desire to ask the gentle-
man whether tho work thus far done on these
water-works has not been done within the esti-
mates ?
Mr. SAGE. I will say to the gentleman, that
I am not prepared to answer the question; but, I
suppose that if we defer this matter a few days,
we shall all have more light upon tills subject
than we now have, as the Committee of Ways
and Means have taken some measures to obtain
further information. The House also passed a
resolution the other day, making some further
inquiries respecting tho progress and the character
of the work, and we shall soon have a reply to
it; and when we get that report I venture to say
gentlemen who are now favoring this work will
shrink back.
Mr. ORIi. The report is now here. There is
a response here, and it contains information
exactly upon the point to which the gentleman's
remarks are directed.
Mr. S<\GE. I alluded to the resolution offered
by my colleague [Mr. Pri^gle] a few days ago.
Mr. ORR. Will the gentleman allow me to.
read live lines >
Mr. SAGE. I cannot be interrupted now.
This work, Mr. Chairman, will, in my opinion,
cost more than §0,000,000, and I feel unwilling, i
as a Representative, that my constituents should
be taxed to the amount they will have to be taxed
to pay for the building of these water-works. I
believe the construction of these works to be one
of the greatest wrongs attempted by the Congress
of this country for years, of its magnitude. Gen-
tlemen here stickle about a small appropriation !
of $50,000 for the improvementof the navigation j!
of the Hudson river, over which one third of the
entire domestic commerce of the country passes, |j
and yet they are now advocating appropriations 'j
for a work which will cost $6,000,000 for the ;
benefit of this city, and which gives no equiva- "
lent to the General Government. I was always :
in favor of the Government paying for a fair pro- j
portion of this work, according to the benefits ||
which it is to receive for the same. What would;
be thought of the Legislature of Massachusetts
if they should attempt to pass a law to pay for
the water-works which supply water to the city-
of Boston ? or of the Legislature of the State of
New York, if it should attempt to pass a law to •
pay for the water-works which supply Albany
wrth water? Would not their constituents drive
their representatives from the capitol? Yetgen-
tlemen come here and seem to forget what they
are doing. There will be a day of reckoning for
this extravagant waste of the public treasure. We
should pursue a wiser course; we should pass an
act incorporating a company to go on and build
(his work, and thus save this great waste of the
public treasure which is being poured out by
thousands and hundreds of thousands of dollars.
The question was taken on Mr. Ball's amend-
ment; and it was rejected.
Mr. CRAWFORD. I desire to offer an amend-
ment to the Senate amendment. I offer it in good
faith. It is that the following words be inserted
after the twenty-sixth amendment of the Senate:
Provided, That the same, together with the amount here-
tofore paid by Congress, shall not exceed the relative pro-
portion of the value of the Government property, as com-
pared with that belonging to private citizens within the
corporate limits of Georgetown and Washington cities.
I am perfectly willing to vote the sum of
$300,000 for the purpose of completing this public
work.
Mr. PHELPS. I rise to a question of order.
I do not desire to interfere with the gentleman's
amendment, nor with his expressing his views
on this question; but the point of order which I
make is, that the amendment offered by him pro-
poses to change existing laws, and therefore is'
not in order in an appropriation bill.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair is not aware that
there is any law, excepting appropriation bills,
providing for the construction of this work. If
there be, and that this would change it, tho
amendment perhaps is out of order; but unless
the Chair have some information that there is
such a law, he is inclined to hold the amendment
in order.
Mr. PHELPS. This is a proposition to attach
conditions to the amendment, and to introduce a -
now law.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair holds the
amendment in order.
Mr CRA WFOR.D. My amendment only pro-
poses to add a condition to the appropriation in
the Senate's amendment. I do not propose by
it to change the existing law. I simply desire to
add the words contained mmyamendment to the
proposition submitted on the part of the Senate.
1 am perfectly willing, Mr. Chairman, that there
should be taken from the Treasury of the United
States, for this purpose, a sum of money propor-
tionate to the value of the Government property
here. But I am disinclined to vote to pay two,
throe, or four millions of dollars for the purpose
of completing this work at the expense of the.
Government, and for the benefit of private prop-
erty-holders m the cities of Georgetown and
Washington. If it can be shaped in that way,
then I am prepared to give it my support. But I
do not see the propriety or justice of calling on
the Congress of the United States to expend this
large amount of money for the benefit of property-
holders, simply for the reason, that the public
buildings, and "certain public property belonging
to the people of the United States are located in
the city of Washington. I am perfectly willing
that the Government should bear its proportion
of the burden. I am perfectly willing that it
should pay its fair share, and that it should be
met with corresponding spirit and liberality on
the part of the people of Washington and George-
town. I know no reason why the people of the
various States of the Union should be taxed for
the purpose of bringing water into the city of
Washington for the benefit of its private citizens.
I am willing, as I said, that Congress should bear
its equal proportion of the burden, and no more.
I therefore offer this amendment in good faith,
and desire to see the opinion of the committee
manifested upon it. Let us pay our proportion-
ate amount of the expense, and let the citizens
of Georgetown and Washington pay their pro-
portionate amount. If our property is more val-
uable than their aggregate property,-let us pay
the greater amount; aha if ours is less, let our
