148
fife OOlfGftiiSIOfAL
January 4,
the gentleman from South Carolina obtained the
floor'
Mr. ORR. The Cierk bad recognized me.
Mr. ZOLLICOFFER. I thought the Clerk had
recognized me. ,
The CLERK. The Clerk was under the im-
pression that the gentleman from South CaroKfia
TjVIr. Obk] had yielded the floor to the gentleman
from Tennessee [Mr. Zollicoffer] to make his
motion.
Mr. HOWARD again took the floor.
Mr. ORR. Am I to understand,Mr. Clerk, that
cohsent is given to the gentleman from Michigan
proceeding with his remarks?
Several Members . Not at all. I object.
The CLERK. Objection having been made,
the gentleman from Michigan is not in order.
Mr. HOWARD. I simply ask for such treat-
ment as has been extended to other members on
this floor. [Cries of " Certainly; that is right;
let him have ten minutes'more."]
Mr. ORR. I now yield the floor to the! gentle-
man from Tennessee [Mr. Zollicofpeii] to make
his motibfj, if the House be willing to entertain it
at this time.
Mr. ZOLLICOFFER. Then I renew my
motion to suspend the ten-minute rule for to-day.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. I move to lay
that motion on the table, and call for the yeas
and nays.
Mr. COBB, of Alabama. Do I understand that
the motion of the gentleman from Tennessee [Mr.
Zollicoffer] has been entertained?
The CLERK. The Clerk has entertained that
motion.
Mr. COBB. Then I raise this question of order:
that the question before the House—the resolu-
tion of the gentleman from Indiana [Mr. Dunn]
—must be disposed of, before the House proceed
to another. I object to the rescinding of the ten-
minute rule, becausc X think that under it mem-
bers are able to have the floor quite often enough
and quite long enough.
The CLERK. The Clerk thinks that the
motion of the gentleman from Tennessee [Mr.
Zollicoffer] is in order, inasmuch as it has
reference to right of debate; but as the gentleman
from Alabama [Mr. Cobb] objects, the Clerk re-
fers the question to the House for decision.
Mr. COBB. Oh, if the House has to decide
everything, I withdraw the point of order.
The question being on Mi'. Washburn's mo-
tion to lay on the table the motion of the gentle-
man from Tennessee, [Mr. Zollicoffer,] on
which the yeas and nays had been demanded—
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
Tellers were then demanded and ordered; and
Messrs. Dunn and Eustis were appointed.
The question was taken, and the tellers reported
—ayes 129; a further count not being demanded.
So the motion was laid on the table.
Mr. ORR. I do not know whether I precisely
understood the statement of the gentleman from
Michigan, [Mr. Howard.] I understood him to
say that the vote for Mr. Richardson witji that of
Mr. Fuller would secure an election of Speaker.
Now, sir, it is true that at one time Mr. Fuller
received forty-one votes. Butsincethegentleman
from Pennsylvania explained his position, the
freatest vote he has received at any one time
, as been thirty-four. It is known that there are
some gentlemen who have heretofore voted for
Mr. Fuller who are absent, as also are some of
those voting for Mr. Richardson. If all were
. present, the combined vote of the two this morn-
ing would have been one hundred and seven—not
a sufficient number to secure an election.
There has been no time since the gentleman
from Pennsylvania [Mr. Fuller] defined his
position, when the combined vote for Mr. Ful-
ler and Mr. Richardson would not have lacked
some six or seven votes—five or six, perhaos—
certainly five—of a majority of the votes cast.
But, sir, 1 do not propose to consume the time of
the House upon this point further,
I am, of course, opposed to the resolution of-
fered by theeentlemanfrom Indiana, [Mr.Dunn,]
but I am willing to afford that gentleman an op-
portunity ofhavingadirect,squarevote upon his
resolution. I was embarrassed in my course
yesterday upon the resolution of the gentleman
from Alabama, [Mr. Walker,] in consequence
of there being two amendments placed upon it,
by which I should have been compelled to select
between the names of two gentlemen not named
in the original resolution. If I could have voted
directly upon the original resolution, declaring
my colleague [Mr. Boyce] to be Speaker, X
should, of course, have voted for it.
I think it is competent for the House to elect a
Speaker by resolution. The plurality rale can-
Hot, of course, prevail by such a course, because
the resolution cannot pass unless a majority of
Us Cast our votes in its favor; and hence the prin-
ciple is just the same as that upon which the
House lias all along been acting m its votes. I
say, I am willing to afford the gentleman from
Indiana an opportunity of having a direct vote
upon his resolution, and, therefore, without pro-
posing an amendment, I move the previous ques-
tion. [Cries of " That's right!"]
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I ask the gentle-
man from South Carolina to withdraw that mo-
tion until I can have the opportunity of saying a
few words, and I will then renew it.
Mr. ORR. I will do so.
Mr. JONES. I concur in the opinion expressed
by the gentleman from South Carolina, that the
House can elect by resolution, and that it is
proper to do so. But, sir, I deny the right of
this House, or of any man in this House, to
nominate a man as candidate for Speaker, and
require me to vote either for or against him. The
resolution of the gentleman from Indiana, which
is now before the House, is nothing more than
the nomination of the gentleman ,whose name is
mentioned in the resolution.
I had the honor, sir, on the first day of the
session, to put in nomination, as the candidate
of the Democratic party of this House, the name
of the gentleman from Illinois, [Mr. Richards on ;]
and, sir, that name has not been withdrawn.
When, therefore, the question shall be put upon
the adoption of that resolution, under the opera-
tion of the previous question, if you please, and
I shall be called upon to respond to the call of
my name, I shall vote for William A. Richard-
son, and I shall require that my name be recorded
as voting for him. Mr. Clerk, can any gentle-
man, by getting the floor, put in nomination any
gentleman he may choose to name by resolution,
and require that he shall be first voted for or
against by the House?
Mr. ORR. Certainly.
Mr. JONES. No, sir, it is not so, in my
opinion. I have the right to vote for any gen-
tleman in this House I please. Because any other
gentleman happens, by chance, to get the floor,
and put in nomination some one whom he may
select as candidate, I am not thereby excluded
from nominating another, and voting for him.
I say that the effect of such a resolution is nothing
but a nomination. I hold that the other names
previously presented are still before the House,
and we have the right to vote for either of them
we may see fit. 1 shall, therefore, when called
upon to vote upon the resolution, vote as though
the gentleman from Indiana had nut the name
of the gentleman from Ohio, whom he designates.
Having now explained the reasons for the course
I expect to pursue, I move the previous question
upon the adoption of the resolution.
Mr. HOUSTON. I rise to a question of order.
If this is mere nomination, as suggested by the
gentleman from Tennessee, [Mr. Jones,] in which
opinion I entirely concur, I submit that the pre-
vious question cannot apply. You cannot call the
previous question upon the election of Speaker.
The CLERK. The Clerk will state, in reply
to the question raised by the gentleman from
Alabama, that there are numerous instances on
record where the House has elected its officers
by resolution.
Mr. HOUSTON. I do not wish to be under-
stood as objecting to that course at all. I have
no question, as far as my own opinion is con-
cerned, that it is perfectly competent for the
House to elect a Speaker by resolution. There
is no question about that. But this is a mere nom-
ination, and if other gentlemen choose to vote
for other gentlemen who are members of the
House, as they have the right to do, then the
question will come up as to liow they are to be
recorded, upon a vote purporting to be simply
upon the adoption of a resolution. The ques-
tion has never heretofore been brought up for
decision. I say, when the vote comes to be
taken upon the adoption of the resolution, and
fhe gentleman from Tennessee [Mr. J ones] votes
for-Mr. Richardson, the question will come
up whether his vote shall be so recorded. If not,
then of course he is deprived, in the election of
Speaker, of the privilege of casting his vote for
the member whom he selects, and other gentle-
men, by being compelled to vote ay or no upon
the resolution, will be deprived of voting for the
candidates of their choice; that is, you compel
them to go on and vote either for or against
an individual selected by any member of this
body.
And again: suppose that any one of the par-
ties of this House had seen jit to adopt this
mode for the election of a Speaker; that one
member had offered a resolution to that effect,
naming for the high position a member of the
same party—A; that another had moved to
amend by the insertion, in place of A, the name
of B; and that then still another, who Was in the
secret, had moved to strike out and insert C.
We would then be at the end of the roll. There
would be a resolution and an amendment, and
an amendment to an amendment. Everything
else would be cut off; and there would be an
election going on in the House of Representa-
tives in which members would be compelled to
vote between men, neither of whom they are
willing to accept, and be deprived of the privilege
of casting their suffrage for their own candi-
date.
Mr. ORR. Let me say to the gentleman from
Alabama, that he has a perfect right, in the case
which he supposes, to vote in the negative in
every instance. And if there is not a majority
of the House in favor of any of the amendments,
or of the original resolution, in the case which
he presupposes, he can rise in his place and offer
his resolution, and have a vote taken on it.
Mr. HOUSTON. I am excluded, by the rules
of the House, from offering an amendment when
an amendment to an amendment is pending. I
am precluded from offering an amendment after
the call for the previous question. But the gen-
tleman says that I can vote in the negative. What
sort of an election is that? Here is an election
going on by the House of Representatives. A
large body, if you please, of its members rise and
vote no. Who are they voting for? They vote
no against the amendments and the original reso-
lution. Why, sir, thatis not an election. Ihave
the right to vote for the candidate of my choice.
I am not required, in an election before and in
the House of Representatives, to come up and
vote against any man's candidate, when I am
denied the permission to vote for my own.
Mr. STEPHENS obtained the floor.
The CLERK. Does the gentleman from Ala-
bama insist on his point of order at this time ?
Mr. HOUSTON. Certainly, sir. This is as
gooda time to settle the point as any other.
Mr. STEPHENS. Mr. Clerk, I intend to
speak to the point of order. I do not agree with
the gentleman from Alabama in his point of order.
I think that we can elect a Speaker, or any other
officer of the House, by resolution, if we see fit
to do so. It is in order to make the resolution.
This is a motion to elect by resolution, ana it is
therefore in order. I agree entirely with the
gentleman from South Carolina [Mr. Orr] in the
argument which he presents on that point. I
wholly disagree with the gentleman from Tennes-
see, [Mr. Jones.] He admits that we can elect
by resolution. Well, if so, what becomes of his
argument? He says that, if we can do it legiti-
mately by resolution, he will vote, when the reso-
lution is before him, either ay or no. What I
have said is to the point of order. It is in order,
in my opinion, for the House to entertain tho
resolution if they see fit; and if an election is had
in this way, it is legitimate and proper. I do
not doubt all that; but I am utterly averse to that
mode of electing a Speaker of this House. I am
against the resolution, not only on the merits of
the individual proposed, but as to the manner. It
is legitimate and proper, if the House choose that
mode, but I prefer to proceed viva voce, as we have
been doing. Therefore, without detaining tho
House any longer, I move that the resolution be
laid on the table. [Cries of " That's right!"]
Mr. WHEELER. I demand the yeas and
nays on that motion.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken on the motion to lav
