138
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[March 11,
34th Cong....1st Sess.
Kansas Contested Election—Mr. Wright, of Tennessee.
Ho. of Reps.
members, but also to judge of the qualifications
and election returns of the members of the Legis-
latures of every State and Territory in the Union.
"Will every Representative here claim such a pow-
er for this House? Will any member say that
this House has the right to judge of the qualifi-
cations and election returns of the members of the
Legislature of my own State, whose constitution
declares in plain language that the two branches
of its own Legislature shall be the sole judges
of these matters? Yet, sir, monstrous as this
proposition may seem, and unauthorized as it
may appear, the committee are seeking to estab-
lish a precedent, from which it is readily deduced
—thus invading one of the great reserved rights
of the States and of the people. If I understood
the argument of the honorable gentleman from
Delaware, [Mr. Cullen,] and that of the honor-
able member from Alabama, [Mr. Walker,] on
this point, I concur with them fully in the opin-
ions they expressed, that this House, in sitting in
judgment on the election returns and qualifica-
tions of its members, sits as a court, and that
the testimony sought by the committee is incom-
petent to prove that which they are aiming at.
Again, sir, by what kind of witnesses andpapers
are the laws of Kansas to be set aside ? The in-
validity of a law is to be determined by courts of
competent jurisdiction, and not by the oSths of
witnessess. Like a record, you can only set
aside a law enacted by a legislative body before
a tribunal instituted for that purpose, and not,
then, by the oaths of witnesses. Hut no, sir; the
committee insist that you must grant them the
and I am sure they will not be seriously enter-
tained for a moment by any reflecting mind. j
But, let vis examine this question of a change of ;
the temporary seat of government by the Terri-
torial Legislature, and see what bearing it has on j
the question at issue.
By section thirty-one of the act of Congress
organizing the Territories of Kansas and Ne-
braska, it is enacted— I
" That the seat of government of said Territory is hereby j
located temporarily at Fort Leavenworth; and that such !
portious of the public buildings as may not be actually used ;
and needed for military purposes may be occupied and
used, under the direction of the Governor and Legislative
Assembly, for such public purposes as may be required
under the provisions of this act."
By section twenty-two of the same act it is
enacted, among other things—
" And the persons thus elected to the Legislative Assem-
bly shall meet at such place and on such days as the Gov-
ernor shall appoint."
These two clauses contain all that is said in the
organic act with regard to the location of the
seat of government.
I believe, sir; that it is conceded by those favor-
ing the resolution under consideration, that in the
sections read is to be found what they term the
prohibitory clause, or the clause which forbids
the Legislature to assemble and pass laws at any
other place than that mentioned. There seems
to be some conflict between the two sections of
the organic act—one declaring that the seat of
Government shall be located temporarily at Fort
Leavenworth, and the other declaring that the
first Legislature shall meet at such place and on
power to send for persons andpapers to prove ! such days as the Governor shall appoint. How-
t Ll 4 U 1 n m A -  A — T— i' ^ u     _ 1 liiT t 'l ^ 1 J .1 I ■ 1 M •" ^ f ■ I « a «
that the law under which General Whitfield was
elected is null and void. Or perhaps, sir, this in-
vestigation is desired for the purpose of satisfying
the doubts of the honorable gentleman from Penn-
sylvania, [Mr. Hickman,] who, when he was pre-
sented with a copy of the acts of the Territorial
Legislature of Kansas, was not willing to believe
that it was a bona fide copy of those laws, unless
the honorable gentleman from Georgia [Mr.
Stephens] would swear it. Now, sir, I am a
great admirer of cautious men. I think that no
trait in man's character is more useful or more
commendable than caution; but, judging from this
single $ct, I should presume that the honorable
gentleman from Pennsylvania would make a fine
subject for the investigation of a phrenologist, at
least so far as the bump of caution is concerned.
I repeat, sir, then, it is probably for the purpose
of satisfying the doubts of that member of the
committee, that persons are to be brought thou-
sands of miles to swear that there is such a
country as Kansas, and that there was a Legisla-
tive Assembly in tfkat country, and that the book
which the honorable gentleman from Georgia had
was actually a copy of the acts and doings of that
body.
Another reason furnished by the majority of
the committee in their report, why the House
should adopt the resolution, is that the contestant
desires to prove
"That notwithstanding Congress, by the organic act,
fixed a certain place as the temporary seat of Government
lor the l ermory, and in the same act forbade the Legisla-
t".re exerclse any power inconsistent with the provision
ot said act, yet the Legislature, in disregard of said con-
Prohibition, assumed to change the temporary
?' government to a place entirely different from that
^ ^ > , ^ Ken., Slg'iated by Cong"**, at that place,
exceptions  V elV<iB' enactea *" the Jaws with two
Well now it does seem to me, that this reason
w by no means a good one—at any rate, not suf-
ficient to justify this proceeding. Send for per-
sons and papers to prove what? first, to prove,
that Congress, by its organic act, passed a certain
law. Is it necessary to send for persons or for
papers to prove this? The only proper mode to
make such proof is by reference to the laws of
Congress; but then that is nothing buta book, and
the gentleman from Pennsylvania would have you
send to Kansas for some person who will swear
that the book is a copy of the laws of Congress
Secondly, to prove that the Legislature changed
the temporary seat of government. Cannot this
be proven by a reference to the acts of the Legis-
lature of Kansas ? And is it necessary to send
for persons or papers to prove these facts if they
exist. These reasons are but flimsy ones at best,
ever this may be, the Governor, [Mr. Reeder,] of
his own discretion, convened the Legislature at
Pawnee City. The organization of the Legis-
j lature then took place in due form. The Gov-
ernor was duly informed of the organization of
the two Houses, and the Governor, in his turn,
sent in his message, and the general business of
legislation was entered upon by the coordinate
branches. It was after this that the Legislature,
from proper motives, no doubt, and actuated by
a sense of public duty arising under the peculiar
exigencies of the case, determined to remove
their place of sitting to another and more proper
place. And this is the main reason why Gov-
ernor Reeder, and those who support his claims,
contend that the acts passed by that legislative
body are null and void, and therefore for this
reason they seek to set aside the election of the
sitting Delegate.
It was from Pawnee City to the Shawnee Mis-
sion that the Assembly removed. They there
located the seat of government temporarily; and
the question is, had they this power, or did they
violate any law, thus rendering all their acts at
that place null and void? It seems to me, sir,
that there is nothing in the organic act with which
their course was inconsistent; and there is noth-
ing more reasonable or just, than that all legis-
lative assemblies should possess the power of
removal when circumstances make it necessary.
It is unreasonable to suppose that Congress in-
tended to do that by implication which it did not
do by positive prohibition. No one pretends to ,     „ „„„„
doubt but that the Assembly had the power to ! power which Congress possessed over the Terri-
locate the seat of government permanently. The ; t0«7 had been given to the people of the Territory,
opinion of Chief Justice Lecompte is so able and Now, here, sir, in the wording of this act, it is
so clear, that I deem it unnecessary to say more, plainly provided elections are to be held; and who
gentlemen. There is scarccly a State Legisla-
ture but from which precedents may be gathered.
The Republic of Texas is one which I believe
has not been mentioned. If I am not mistaken,
sir, that brave and noble people, during her strug-
gle for independence against a haughty and im-
perious foe, were forced on more than one occasion
to change the seat of government. Will any
honorable gentleman assert, that neither the ap-
proach of a hostile army nor the existence of
pestilence and disease would justify this Congress
in removing to a more secure place for the pur-
pose of legislating for the country? I presume
not, sir. Indeed, the whole question is one of
expediency, and ought not to*be seriously urged,
here or elsewhere. But Ipresume, sir, that Gov-
ernor Reeder and those who approve of his course
do not themselves regard this as a valid objection
to the claims of the sitting Delegate; and even if
they do, it is 110 argument why the resolution of
the committee should be adopted, inasmuch as
the case does not require the unheard-of and im-
practicable mode of arriving at the facts necessary
to a full investigation.
But there is another question involved in this
controversy, about which 1 desire to say a few
words. It has been argued—and, I think, with
great reason—that Governor Reeder is estopped
from denying the legality of the Territorial Legis-
lature, because, by the organic act, he himself
| was made the sole and final judge of the election
returns and qualifications of the members of the
Legislature, (unless the Legislature itself, by vir-
tue of its inherent power as a Legislature, had
the right also to judge.) As in courts of law, so
in matters of this kind, there must be some final
tribunal for deciding questions of this character.
1 Governor Reeder was acting in the double ca-
pacity of agent for the United States Govern-
ment and also for the Territory of Kansas. By
a reference to section twenty-two of the act or-
ganizing the Territory, it will be seen that the
Governor was invested with full powers to pre-
vent frauds. The act says:
" Previous to the first election, the Governor shall cause
a census or enumeration of the inhabitants and qualified
voters of the several counties and districts of the Territory,
to be taken by such persons and in such mode as the Gov-
ernor shall designate and appoint, and the persons so ap-
pointed shall receive a reasonable compensation therefor.
And the first election shall be held at such time and places
and be conducted in such manner, both as to the persons
who shall superintend such election and the returns there-
of, as the Governor shall appoint and direct; and he shall
at the same time declare the number of members of the
Council and House of Representatives to which each of
the counties or districts shall be entitled under this act.
The persons having the highest number of legal votes in
each of said council districts for members of the Council
shall be declared by the Governor to be duly elected to the
Council, and the persons having the highest number of
legal votes for the House jof Representatives shall be de-
clared by the Governor to be duly elected memberB of said
House," &c.
Now, sir, I submit to you, and I submit to this
House, if here is not a clear case of delegated
authority, of final authority, from which no ap-
peal is provided by the act. In some remarks
which were made by the distinguished gentleman
from Pennsylvania [Mr. Jones] at an early day
in the session, I remember that he said that all
He says:
"The plain conclusion, from this view of the act, (allud-
ing to act 1855, chapter 167,) is that Congress, entertaining
no doubt of the rights of the .Legislative Assembly to locate *
permanently the seat of government, thus expounds its own
understanding of its previous enactments, in pari materia,
the further inevitable inference follows that the inferior
rights to locate the seat of government temporarily resides
in the same body."
He goes on to say:
" For support of the concluding inference the well-known
rule of law, that the greater embraces the less, will be rec-
ognized as both applicable and sufficient."
The arguments embraced in this opinion it
seems to me are conclusive, when taken in con-
nection with the obvious reason of the necessity
which exists that every legislative body should
possess such power. I suppose, sir, that it has
hardly ever been denied before. The history of
every legislative body is full of precedents, many
01 which have already been alluded to by other
is to be the judge, the sole judge of the legality of
the election, and of the qualifications and election
returns of members? The Presidentof the United
States? Not so, sir. This House? No", sir. Then
who but the Governor is to judge? He is made by
virtue of the act the sole and final judge. How
did he perform these duties? W^ith these large
discretionary powers he went on in the execution
of his duties as Governor of the Territory, re-
cognizing the Legislature;he issued certificates of
election to some, and some he set aside. Then,
sir, I contend that he is estopped, and not only is
he estopped, but everybody else is estopped, from
setting up the illegality of that Assembly; at least,
in this House, for we reserved no right to decide
on that question in the organic act. Governor
Reeder was made the judge of that matter. He
went on in the discharge of his duties; he com-
missioned the members of the Legislature; and,
sir, it is this man who comes here and asserts in
