1856.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
139
34th Cong.... 1st Sess.
Kansas Contested Election—Mr. Cullen.
Ho. of Reps.
the presence of this Congress that that Legisla-
ture was elected by fraud and force, thus giving
the lie to his own official acts—tacitly admitting
that he, in the discharge of his duties as Governor,
was either too mean or too ignorant to discharge
them properly.
I say, then, that he is estoppjed, and that every-
body else is estopped, from setting up the illegality
of the elections of members of the Kansas Legis-
lature in this House. He was the constituted
agent of the United States and of the Territory;
he acted as such; and if he is estopped, which
the majority do not deny, in his individual capa-
city, the principal is also estopped; for it is a
well-settled principle of law, that quod facit per
alinmfacit per se: what you do by another you
do by yourself. But the committee urge that the
doctrine of estoppel is an odious doctrine, and
ought not to be entertained. It may be that the
term estoppel is not a proper technical term to
apply in this case. It is more in the nature of a
final judgment than of an estoppel—a final judg-
ment from which the law has provided no appeal.
But, sir, the most remarkable feature in this case,
as presented by Governor Reeder, is this: that,
whilst he denies the legality of the election of j
Governor Whitfield, on the ground that lie was '
not elected under any law, yet he sets up his own ■
claim to a seat here as a Delegate from the Terri-
tory of Kansas, without showing, or attempting
to show, that he himself was elected according to
law. There is, to say the very least of it, some
shadow of law under which General Whitfield
claims, while Governor Reeder rests his claim to
a seat here " by virtue of an election held at a
different time by promiscuous gatherings of the
people," without even the forms of law, but in
open opposition to the only recognized laws of
the Territory; and it is to be seen whether the
members of this House will sustain him in these
revolutionary and traitorous pretensions.
Sir, here l's a practical question presented to
this House, and to the American people—a ques- !
tion of no ordinary importance to the proper de- i
, velopment of our great destiny. Shall we abide
by tne laws as they are, and await the sense of
the people to remove abuses, if abuses exist, or
shall we, practically, rebel against the laws, and
repudiate them because they do not suit the pur-
poses of party? s
And, right here, I desire to notice briefly some
remarks made a few days ago by the honorable
gentleman from Indiana, [Mr. Cumback.] 1 find
the following language reported in his speech in
the Globe of Monday last:
"Let the country know how it was that a body of men !
was chosen, who have enacted a code more bloody than the
laws of Draco—more at war with the rights of men than
ever emanated from the throne of the most absolute des-
potisin—more disgraceful to our republican Government,
than anything that has occurred since its formauon. Wlio
will vote to refuse inquiring into these things ? We shall
■ee."
_ Now, to show how utterly absurd and imprac-
ticable is the proposition under consideration, the
gentleman from Indiana enlightens the House on
a new point. It seems that his reason for voting
for the proposition is, that persons may be brought
here from Kansas to swear that the laws of that
Territory are more bloody than the laws of Draco.
This involves the question of how bloody the
laws of Draco were, and how bloody the laws of
Kansas are when compared with the laws of
Draco. And what are these laws of which the gen-
tleman and other gentlemen complain so loualy?
They are simply laws to prevent persons from i
raising rebellion among the slaves of the Terri- j
tory, and to prevent persons from inducing and :
persuading slaves to run away from their masters. !
And does the gentleman from Indiana deny to
that Territory, or to any State, the power to pass
such laws as these ? ana is it because the Terri-
tory of Kansas has such laws as these that Gen-
eral Whitfield is to be deprived of his seat on this
floor? If this is to be the established rule in this
House, I think it is high time that gentlemen
from Virginia and South Carolina, and other
southern States, begin to look well to their rights
to seats on this floor.
But the gentleman from Indiana [Mr. Cum-
back] said another thing, which I do not'desire
should go unanswered. It was in relation to Pres-
ident Polk. Mr. Polk, sir, was a citizen of my
own State; his fame and his memory are too dear
for his friends to sit silently by and hear his great
' name and his fame used by gentlemen to advance
the cause of fanaticism and treason—a cause,
which, to say the least of it, is founded in error
1 and forwarded by fanaticism. The gentleman,
i in the same speech from which I have quoted,
> said:
" Sir, when i was connected with the Democratic party,
it then held to the same doctrines as to the extension of
slavery to which I now hold, and which I will ever stand
by and maintain."
And as an evidence to support the allegation,
he cites a portion of the message of Mr. Polk on
the Oregon bill; but the honorable gentleman took
especial care to quote only so much as would suit
his purpose. It is true, sir, that Mr. Polk did
sanction a bill organizing the Territory of Oregon,
with a clause therein prohibiting slavery in that
j Territory, but he did it with the express under-
standing on his part that the Missouri line would
J be extended to the Pacific ocean. In the same
message from which the gentleman read Mr.
I Polk said:
j "And it is because the provisions of this bill (Oregon
bill) are not inconsistent with the terms of the Missouri
i compromise, if extended from the Rio Grande to the Pacific
ocean, that [ have not felt at liberty to withhold my sanc-
tion. Had it embraced territories south of that compro-
mise, the question presented for my consideration would
have beeu of a far different character, and my action upon
it must have corresponded with my convictions."
It will thus be seen, that whilst Mr. Polk gave
his sanction to that bill, he gave it with the under-
standing above; and I cannot see how the gen-
tleman from Indiana could derive from this that
Mr. Polk would refuse admission to a State into
the Union because her constitution tolerated sla-
very. No, sir; Mr. Polk never entertained nor
gave expression to any such opinions as the gen-
tleman from Indiana is governed by; and God
forbid that he ever should ! Mr. Polk was a true
patriot and a great statesman; he believed in the
equality of the States under the Constitution, and
I he never believed that the Constitution was a
league with hell.
Mr. Speaker, I have already detained the House
longer than I desired to do. I will close with a
single remark. The country are looking with
deep anxiety to the result of the investigation
in which this House is now engaged. The true
question, and the only one, is this, shall law
and order prevail, or shall this House begin a
revolution by setting aside the election of a Dele-
gate elected under the forms of law, and put in
his place a man elected in opposition to all law ?
The only legitimate question for the decision of
this House, is, did General Whitfield receive a
majority of the votes—the legal and qualified
votes—on the day of election held in accordance
with the laws of the Territory ? It is not necessary
to send for persons and papers to prove this, for
there was no one running against him, and if he
received one legal vote he was elected; and cannot
that fact be ascertained more easily and with less
cost by adopting the recommendation of the mi-
nority, by sending out a commission to Kansas to
take and collect such testimony as may be deemed
pertinent, relevant, and competent for a full and
impartial disclosure of the whole matter?
The gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. Camp-
bell] has said something about# disposition to
smother investigation by members on this side of
the House. Sir, we desire investigation—we wish
to conceal nothing that is proper to be known
in this investigation; but whilst we are thus dis-
posed, we are unwilling to adopt a resolution
which will greatly delay the termination of this
controversy, and lead to no practical results. We
are for the maintenance of the law; we are op-
posed to that revolutionary spirit which, if per-
sisted in, will eventually destroy all government.
Our people are a law-abiding people. The people
of my own State (1 can speak for them) are a law-
abiding people; and the people of Missouri, who
hare been so unjustly denounced here as " border
ruffians," are a law-abiding people. They have
never resisted, either openly or otherwise, any
law either of the State or Federal Government.
The Democratic party have been charged, here
and elsewhere, as being factious and disorderly -
and disposed to break over and trample down
law; and I am gratified that, at this time, a suit- j
able opportunity exists to repel this most unjust
and unfounded charge. Sir, our fathers brought
with them a love and veneration for the laws.
; This sentiment lies at the very foundation of our
| free institutions. Destroy it, and yon destroy
the chief corner-stone of our beautiful fabric of
Government. So deeply were our revolutionary
fathers impressed with this sentiment of rever-
ence for law, that, when they were oppressed and'
trodden down by the haughty demands of the
mother country—when oppression became intol-
erable—they proclaimed in that noble declaration T
which was the beginning of the struggle—
" That prudence, indeed, will dictate that Governments
long established should not be changed for light and trans-
' ient causes; and accordingly all experience hath shown'
J that mankind are more disposed to suffer while evils are
j sufferable, than to right themselves by abolishing the forms-
!! to which they are accustomed."
Yes, sir, say what you may about this and that
Government, but when you destroy veneration
for law, it will not be long before anarchy and
(, ruin will overtake us. I am gratified to see that
j j the party to which I am attached are coming up
to the support of this principle of respect for law,
and a determination to sustain it. But whilst 1
am gratified at the noble course which my own
j party friends are pursuing, I must confess, with,
many tegrets for my countrymen, that the same
cannot be s^iid of some other parties to which
allusion has been made. What have we seen ir 
1 Massachusetts ? A party having control of that
State, (once the home of Webster,) the soil on
i which our fathers won so much glory in the
bloody struggle of the Revolution, have openly
nullified the laws of Congress, settingat defiance
I the constituted authorities, and in bold disregard
of their own ^tate constitution, violating the
right of search, and outraging the dearest rights
of innocent and helpless women. I hazard noth-
ing, when I assert that it has been by the means
and influences of these same men, that" Sharpe' 
rifles" have been placed in the hands of deluded
persons, who have repaired to the young and'
| ill-fated Territory of Kansas, to force upon the
people of that infant colony the institutions and
opinions of these reckless men. Against such
; high-handed and unlawful proceedings the Dem-
ocratic party stand arrayed, and calf upon the-
' honest, law-abiding citizens of every section of
' the Union to rally to their support. And they
will come, sir. They will obey the call, sir.
They will come from the valley and from the
mountain-top. They will come from the North,,
from the South, from the East, and from the
1 West, with strong hearts and willing minds, de-
termined to maintain law and preserve peace at
all hazards.
When shall this agitation of sectional ques-
tions cease,sir? When will the American people
learn to love and appreciate the great doctrine of
self-government, wnich was inaugurated at the
firing of the first gun of the Revolution, and estab-
lished finally at Yorktown? If there is one wish
of my heart which rises far above every other, it
is that these questions, which tend to alienate the
hearts of our people, North and South, East and
West, may be settled on the firm basis of justice;
and that our country, the measure of whose fame
and greatness is not yet complete, may move on
in that harmonious manner calculated to develop
her mighty resources, and secure the happiness
of her children.
KANSAS CONTESTED ELECTION.
SPEECH OF HON. E. D. CULLEN,
OF DELAWARE,
In the House of Representatives,
March 7,1856,
On the Resolution reported by the Committee of Elections
in the Contested-Election case from the Territory of
Kansas.
i Mr. CULLEN said:
Mr. Speaker: I propose to make a few re-
marks in relation to the matter now under con-
i sideration by this House. I may say, in the
i beginning, that I feel no little regret that, in the
discussion of the legal questions before us,—who
| are now sitting as a nigh court of justice to
