1856.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
877
in the report of the committee that any money 1
was disbursed during these periods at all. It is !
simply a statement that at this time this man ab- |
stracted the money and made erasures in the j
books. I submit, then, that the report does not j
show that degree of diligence which a prudent j
business man would apply to his private busi- I
ness. I concede, so far as my vote goes, that the i
rule laid down by the chairman of the Committee j
on Military Affairs is a true one for me. If this j
officer did exorcise, in respect to this business, |
that care and diligence which a prudent business !
man would exercise over his private affairs, and
lost the money, he is excusable, and ought to be ;
indemnified. :
I cannot think that the argument of the Senator :
from Missouri [Mr. Geyer] is a very strong one. ;
Why, sir, the history of mankind—I might make j
a very broad statement, indeed—shows the facil-
ity with which bank officers in large transactions j
can defraud and do defraud the corporation,
because it requires a very careful and minute in-
spection of every transaction to detect it; and
those transactions maybe estimated,perhaps,by
hundreds in a day—small in amount, but running
through a very large quantity of-business: hence
the difficulty of detection m such cases. But the
Committee on Military Affairs present to the Sen-
ate no such case. They present to us afewreceipts
of money, and a few abstractions of money; that:
is all. Now, if this officer was at his post, and
if there was not a large amount of money being j
paid out at the time—and I cannot conceive that j
m April, 1851, there was anything requiring .
frequent payments of money at Santa Fe— it'
seems to me that the riport does not make a
satisfactory explanation.
Mr. President, it should not be forgotten that 1
there is a moral effect attending this species of:
legislation. While it may be true—and I take !
it'for granted that it is true—that this officer is a
highly honorable gentleman, a man whose word '
is entitled to credit everywhere; yet, if it be un-
derstood in the legislation of this CTOvernmcnt
that officers are readily relieved by Congress from
losses of this character, the moral tendency will
be extremely bad. We all know how a rigid j
holding of an officer to accountability induces t
care and supervision, and thereby prevents loss. |
I shall vote as cheerfully, I apprehend, as any |
other gentleman, for any case which shall be ;
fairly presented; but I submit again that it is not j
stated in this report whether the officer was at .
the post at the time when the transaction occur-
red or not; it shows that he was there on the 27 th ,
of February, 1851, and does not show him away (
from there until three months afterwards, when j
he was at St. Louis. If he was there on the .
spot where the transaction occurred, the report,
in my judgment, does not show sucli facts as can I
induce me to believe that he exercised that pru- i
dential care over these large amounts of money ;
which were intrusted to him, that a prudent
business man would over his own money; and as
the case now stands, I must ask the Senate to .
allow me the privilege of voting against it. I de-
sire to have the yeas and nays on the bill. ;
Mr. BRODHEAD. Ordinarily,Mr. President, ;
when a loss of money occurs, the officer reports !
it to the proper Department; and the Department
institutes an investigation, and frequently sends ;
an agent to the spot to examine into the circum- 1
stances at once. I know that this has been done
in two or three cases now pending before Con- i
gress. I should like to know from the chairman
of the committee who reported this bill, what
action the Department took in regard to this loss {
of money, and whether there is any recommend-
ation from the Department on the subject, one way
or the other? r
Mr. WELLER. Mr. President, if the proof ,
in this case had not satisfied the committee that '
this officer had properly performed his duties, ;
and that the money was lost without any negli- I
gence on his part, they certainly would not have ■
presented the bill to the Senate. I think it clearly !
comes within the rule which I laid down when I 1
spoke befoie. This was one of those unavoid- i
able losses which ought r ot to fall on the officer, |
but rather on the Govern nent. I
I do not know what the opinion of the Depart- ]
ment may be on this su iject. I am not in the
habit of consulting the Departments m reference j
to the propriety of passii g bills for the relief of
individuals, either in the Army, or in private life.
I suppose that in the pay department he stands
in default. As he had not the means himself of
discharging this indebtedness, I presume he stands
on the books as a defaulter of the Government to
the amount of f18,000. The object of this bill of
course is to relieve him of that default, and close
up his accounts. In regard to the amount of
money which he may have had, I have a state-
ment of the moneys disbursed and transferred
by this officer when he was engaged in the ser-
vice in New Mexico from 1847 to 1851. The
whole amount of money disbursed during that
period was $1,109.397. Captain Eascon dis-
bursed and transferred, when in New Mexico,
$2,388,000.
Mr. STUART. During what length of time >
Mr. WELLER. From 1847 to ItiSl. It was
necessary, of course, that he should have a very
large amount of money on hand at the time, in
order to a proper discharge of the duties of his
position. In the first quarter of the year 1851 he
disbursed and tranferred to other officers $324,000;
in the second quarter, §125,000. As I said before,
the whole amount of his disbursements and trans-
fers was §2,388,000. He was, for a portion of
the time, as a matter of course, at Santa Fe, for
that was one of the military posts under his
charge. He had eleven different posts to attend
to. He was often absent fiom Santa Fe for ten
or twenty days at a time—necessarily so for the
performance of his duty; and he had to leave a
clerk or agent to transact business m his absence,
who must necessarily have charge of the funds
and pay the demands against the Government.
While m Santa Fe he seems to have been much
afflicted by sickness in his family. I find, by
affidavits on file, that while there lie lost his wife, j'
his brother-in-law, and his son. They were all j!
stricken down by disease, and after lingering a Ji
long while they died. I have no doubt this drew
oil' a portion of his attention while he was at'!
Santa Fe; but I do not put his claim on that
ground. I say the testimony in the case is abund- ,
ant to establish the fact that there was nota more
faithful or honest disburser of the public moneys
than Captain Easton. He was necessarily trav-1
eling from post to post, and in consequence of j
the fraud of his clerk, he has sustained this loss, j
Certainly, the Committee on Military Affairs j
never would have proposed to relieve an officer ;
under these circumstances, unless they were per- j
fectly satisfied that there was no fault to be at- j
tachedtohim. I
Mr. GEYER. Mr. President, since I spoke j
before, I have examined the papers in this case, j
to some of which I desire to call the attention of !
the Senate, and Senators who are opposed to the !
relief that is now asked. I have in my hand a
copy of the notice furnished from the Quarter- i
master General's office, of certain drafts which ;
were presented, bearing the signature of Captain
Easton, and which eventually proved to bo forge- |
lies by McHarcourt. After that advertisement, '
there was another from the Quartermaster Gen- :
oral's office, by Mr. W. A. Gordon, chief clerk: 1
" Since the notice from ttlisotfioe of the 10th of January (
last, which appeared in the newspapers 01' this city, con- !
tl01imgthepubhca<;am-.t receivuii: certain drafts purporting
to be those of Captain L. C. Easton, assistant quarter- |
master, recently stationed at Santa F0, New Mexico, a i
third dratt on the Quartermaster Geneial has been pie-
sen red lor payment. It is numbered 113, SantaFi-, X M.,
1st May, 1851, in favor of Robert'!'. Brent. Esq., for $3,750.' :
This man who fell so suddenly, got to forging
drafts! I have a letter which was addressed to
me on the 5th of May, 1852, from the Quarter-
master General, which I desire to have read to
the Senate.
The Secretary read it as follows:
Quartermaster General's Office,
Washington City, May 5, 18o2.
Sir: Captain Easton, who is about to petition Congress
for relief in consequence of a large amount of public money
for which he is accountable, havmsj been stolen tiom ium .
by one of the clerks m the employment of Hie Quarter-i
master's Department, in New Aiexico, lias requested me ,
to address a letter to you, stating what ins character auu i
conduct has been since he has been serving in this Depart-
ment. In compliance with fn  request, and m justice to a
most meritorious public servant, i have the honor to state :
that Captam Easton was appointed an assistant quarter-
master m March. 1847, and was assigned to duty at iort 1
Leavenworth, one of the most impoitaut depots of the ,
4.1 mv. wheje lie remained until July. 1549, the gi eater pan
of the tune th<^ principal officer m charge of the depot. He i
then went on a tour of dutv to Fort Laramie, by order of ,
the late Colonel McKay. On his return, he was placed on :
duty at Saint Louis, Missouri, where ho continued until
April, 1850, when he was assigned to duty at Santa F£,
New Mexico, fie remained at Santa F6 until July, 18513
when he returned, in charge of a train, to Fort Leaven-
worth. A pan of the time he served in New Mexico, he
was the senior officer, and there, as well as at Fort Leaven-
worth, his position was one of great responsibility. There
is no man of his rank m the Department in whom I hays
greater confidence than in bun; and I feel Well assured
that confidence is merited.
The situation of an officer of the Quartermaster's De-
partment at a principal point on tbe frontier, is most per-
plexing and responsible. He is obliged to confide large
sums of money and many thousand dollars worth of prop-
erty, for which lie is accountable, to such persons as ho
may bo able to employ, at the low compensation allowed,
and at the constant risk of absolute ruin. His clerk, or his
wagon and forage-master, if dishonest, may ruin him in a
single quarter. There is no class of officers in our whola
country, civil or militaiy, who have such risks to encounter
and such ohcrous duties to perform, in proportion to the
compensation tliev ieceive,as assistant quartermasters now
serving m the Department; and I hope tbe relief may be
granted which Captam Easton asks.
With high conMderauon and respect, I have the honor to
be, sir, your obedient servant,
THOMAS S. JESUP,
Quartermaster General.
Hon. Henry S. Geyer,
Senate of the United StateSj Washington City.
Mr. STUART. That letter, as I understand
it, shows that this officer was at the post of Santa
Fe during the time when these peculations were
committed.
Mr. GEYER. I will say to the Senator that
he is regarded as being at his post, although at
the time he may be visiting other places. I will
mention now, however, for the information of the
honorable Senator, that at the time when this
occurrence was supposed to have taken place—
because he did not know when it did take place
until after he came on with that train—his family
was afflicted very much. It was during the pe-
riod when, as he supposes, this money was ab-
stracted, that his wife was lying at the point of
death; and she afterwards died.
Mr. STUART. Is the Senator able to in-
dicate where s.uch a letter can be found ? I under-
stand there is among the documents or affidavits
in this case a letter which shows the illness of
i his family at this time. If so, 1 should like to
| have that letter read, for I consider that an im-
; portant fact.
i Mr. GEYER. The letter is among the docu-
ments, and can be read.
The Secretary read the following:
Fort Uniox, New Mexico, January 20,1853.
It is with much regret that I hear of the embarrassing
situation that Captain L. C. Ea&ton, of the quartermaster's
dpparnnent, is placed in, ausing from a breach of trust on
the part of hi* cleik at a time that the captam was suffer-
ing under the deepest affliction that we arc t-ubject to, and
when it became necessary,m order that the business of
his office mistht be actively discharged, to give his cleik
entire charge of the funds lor disbussement, and of all the
papers pertaining theieto, which I know was the case,
b'.'ins on duty in rianta F« during the whole time that Cap-
tain Easton was stationed there, and frequently having
business transactions in his office.
1 have known Captain Easton well since 1847, and have
always esteemed him as one of the most attentive and ef-
ficient officers m the pu blic service; and I am confident that
had he not had s>o much illness and affliction to contend
with at home, and so many duties requiring his ab«ence
from his office whilst in that Territory, this unfortunate
affair would not have occurred as it has under circumstan-
ces that nc could not control; nor was he to blame in the
selection of his clerk. I have known him, also, as a clerk
in the pay department, and subsequently until discharged
by Captam Easton ; and bad I been placed 111 the same po-
sition, and forced to intrust my business entirely to a clerk,
I know of no one in whom I would, have had more un-
bounded confidence than m Mr McHarcourt. That he has
disappointed me in this favorable opinion is now too man-
ifest.
Very respectfully your obedient servant,
y VV. R. SHOEMAKER,
Military Storekeeper of Ordnance, Commanding
United States Ordnance De-pot.
Mr. TOUCEY. I have no knowledge of this
case, except what is presented by the report of
the committee and the papers which have been
read. It is very easy for us to say that we will
not do justice in this case for fear that, in some
ease to arise hereafter, we may be misled; but is
that in strict accordance with our duty? There
is no doubt that the petitioner has no remedy by
a resort to the courts of law. It has not been,
and it cannot be, incorporated into our legislation,
that, in a case like this, either the courts of jus-
tice or the executive officers should administer
relief. It seems to me that it is necessary that
every case of this kind should come before Con-
gress; and the duty devolves on Congress to
investigate the case thoroughly and decisivelyi
and, if justice requires that an allowance should
be made, we should have the courage and the
