1750
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 24,
attend to private business, and have paired off for
that purpose, I do not think that a good excuse,
and I would fine them. That is my opinion.*
When gentlemen think proper to say to other
gentlemen, when they want to go home, " If
you do not go to the House I will not, or if you
do not vote I will not," it is in the election of
these members to defeat the business of the
House. I do not say that pairing off is morally
wrong. I have been absent myself, and have
paired off, and I may do it again. But I do say
that gentlemen who do that, and who stay away
on 110 better grounds, ought to be fined by the
House. Let us adopt some rule on the subject.
If we do not go on the principle of fining mem-
bers who have paired off, we may as well suspend
the call. No man can have a worse excuse than
that. That is the reason why I shall vote against
the motion to excuse my friend from Virginia.
Mr. DAVIDSON. I desire to call the atten-
tion of the House to the state of the proceedings.
It is well known that a practice has obtained in
this House, since the commencement of the ses-
sion, for gentlemen to pair off and go home.
That practice has been countenanced by the
House, and no person has ever been called to
account for pairing off to go home. Now, Mr.
Speaker, the House has adopted a new rule, to
meet at eleven o'clock instead of at twelve; and I
take it that the object of the call is not to compel
the attendance of those who have paired off and
gone home, but to compel those who have not
paired off, and are in the city, to attend at eleven
o'clock 
Mr. MATTESON, (interrupting.) I rise to
a question of order. I object to any further de-
bate. I suppose that debate on the question of
excusing the gentleman from Virginia is not in
order.
The SPEAKER. The question before the
House being the motion to excuse the gentleman
from Virginia for non-attendance, the Chair
thinks that it is debatable to that extent.
Mr. DAVIDSON. I thought so, else I should
not have undertaken to discuss the question.
Now, I ask the House whether, having from the
commencement of the session till this time rec-
ognized the principle of permitting gentlemen to
pair off, we should now refuse to recognize it,
and fine gentlemen who luive, under the practice,
paired oil'? So far as I am concerned, I am de-
sirous of seeing the call enforced aa to those who,
though in the city, and not having paired off, are
absent from the House. Rut as to those who
have paired off under the common recognition of
the House, I do not think that, without having
received notice of a change of practice, they
should be punished for non-atte.ndance.
Mr. WAS HI]URNE, of Illinois. I call for the
previous question.
Mr. A. K. MARSHALL. I hope the gentle-
man will not insist upon his motion for the pre-
vious question.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered.
The CIIAIR stated the question to be on Mr.
Galloway's motion to excuse Mr. Bocock for
non-attcndance, on the ground that he had paired
off with Mr. 1)e Witt.
Mr. M1LLS0N. That is not the only ground;
he is absent from the city.
Mr. WARNER. Is it in order to make a
statement to the House, in reference to the ab-
sence of Mr. Bocock?
The SPEAKER. It is not in order, the main
question having been ordered.
Mr. MARSHALL. Is it in order to ask
question of the Chair?
The SPEAKER. The gentleman will state his
question.
Mr. MARSHALL. I ask the Chair whether
Mr. Boyce has been excused?
The SPEAKER. He has been excused.
Mr. MARSHALL. And on what ground?
The SPEAKER. On the ground that he had
paired off with another member of the House.
Mr. MARSHALL. That is certainly giving
the sanction of the House to the practice of pair-
ing off.
Mr. CLINGMAN. I ask for the yeas and nays
on the motion. If this is to be a test question, let
us have the yeas and nays.
Mr. LETCHEli. Mr. Bocock received a
telegraphic dispatch last evening, from his family,
who, it is known, are out of the city, in con-
sequence of which he this morning left the
city.
Mr. CLINGMAN. If that is the ground
upon which the excuse is made to excuse Mr.
Bocock, I will withdraw the call for the yeas
and nays. I did not understand it to be put
upon that ground.
Mr. WARNER. I board at the same house
with Mr. Bocock, and I can testify to the cor-
rectness of the statement made by the gentleman
from Virginia.
Mr. McMULLIN. I move that all the ab-
sentees who have paired off be excused._
The SPEAKER. The motion is not in order
at this time.
The question was taken; and the motion to
excuse Mr. Bocock was agreed to.
Mr. McMULLIN. For the purpose of test-
ing the sense of the House, and of saving time,
I now move that all the absentees who have
paired off be excused.
Mr. HAVEN. I will not trouble the House
beyond this declaration: lam ready to vote to
excuse all those who have paired off under the
uniform practice of the House—a practice which
I most unqualifiedly and utterly condemn. I
hope that, hereafter, when a member rises during
the progress of a vote and declines to vote on
the ground that he has paired off, gentlemen will
object, and have the question whether we are
to countenance such proceedings settled-, but I
think it is unfair now to take gentlemen unawares,
and refuse to excuse them when they have paired
off under the uniform practice of the House.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I wish to inquire
of the members of the House who have passed
through some of these calls in former sessions,
whether they have ever before known the excuse
offered, when the name of an absent member was
called, that he had paired off?
Mr. CLINGMAN. Never.
Mr. GIDDINGS. I wish to say to the gentle-
man from Tennessee, that I think his own expe-
rience will tell him that it has not been the cus-
tom of the House for a long time, to follow absent
members out of the city. Whenever it has been
stated that a member was out of the city, he has
always been excused.
Mr. JONES. My recollection is, that when
the name of an absent member has been called,
and it has been stated that he was out of the city,
he has been excused on that ground; but I have
no recollection that,until this morning, the excuse
has ever been offered for the absence of a member,
simply that he had paired off. We all know that
this matter of pairing off has increased very much
during the present session. We now very often
hear the announcement that members have paired
off and refuse to vote when both are in the city,
and sometimes when both are in the House.
Mr. STEPHENS. The answer of -the gen-
tleman from Ohio, [Mr. Gibdings,] I think was
very pertinent to the inquiry of the gentleman
from Tennessee, [Mr. Jones.] I have never yet
known the House refuse to excuse a member
who was out of the city. Whenever that fact
has been announced, it has always been consid-
ered as sufficient. I wish only to say further,
that, so far as I am concerned, I am willing to
excuse all those members who, under the very
general practice of the House, have paired off.
I move the previous question upon the motion.
Mr. McMULLIN. If the gentleman from
Georgia will withdraw his demand for the pre-
vious question, I will withdraw my motion, and
allow each case to be decided as it comes up.
Mr. STEPHENS. Certainly I will withdraw
it.
Mr. McMULLIN. I then withdraw my mo-
tion.
Anson Burungame. No excuse offered.
John Caimvalader.
Mr. FLORENCE. My colleague, Mr. Cad-
walader, is a member of the select committee
of which Mr. Ball is chairman; and as the latter
gentleman has been excused by the House, I take
it for granted that they will excuse my colleague.
I move that he be excused.
Mr. MILLER, of New York. The select
committee referred to by the gentleman from
Pennsylvania, have now closed their session, and
are waiting outside the Hall, as I understand. I
move that they be admitted.
The SPEAKER. The motion is not in order
at this time.
The question was taken upon the motion to
excuse Mr. Cadwalader, and it was agreed to.
Mr. A. K. MARSHALL. I move that Mr.
Borlikgamp. be excused. It is known to the
House that he is out of the city.
The SPEAKER. The motion is not in order
at this time.
James H. Campbell.
Mr. TODD. My colleague, Mr. Campbell,
is out of the city. I move that he be excused.
The motion was agreed to.
Lewis D. Campbell.
Mr. MATTESON. Mr. Campbell last even-
ing sent for me to come to see him. He was
then sick with cholera-morbus, and stated that
he was fearful that he should not be well enough
to attend the session of the House to-day, though
he should be here if possible. I move that he be
excused.
The motion was agreed to.
John P. Campbell.
Mr. DAVIDSON. Mr. Campbell is quite
sick. I saw him last night, and I am quite sure
he is not able to be here. I move that he be ex-
cused.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. SAVAGE. I move that Mr. Peck and
Mr. Spinner be excused. 1 see them in the gal-
lery, and I am sure they would be here if they
could get in. [Laughter.] I hope they will be
excused.
John S. Caskie. No excuse offered.
Bayard Clarke. No excuse offered.
Howell Cobb.
Mr. CRAWFORD. My colleague [Mr. Cobb]
is absent from the city. He has gone to Georgia
to take his family home, and has paired off. I
move that he be excused.
The motion was agreed to.
Schuyler Colfax.
Mr. McMULLIN. I see Mr. Colfax in the
gallery. I move that he be admitted, and per-
mitted to make his own excuse.
The SPEAKER. The motion is not in order.
John Covode.
Mr. COVODE. I will state that I was in my
seat when the roll was first called, but did not
answer to my name because I did not see Mr.
Winslow, with whom I had paired off, in the
House. I ask that I may be permitted to answer
to my name.
The question was granted, and Mr. Covode
was recorded as present.
Leander M. Cox.
Mr. A. K. MARSHALL. My colleague ia
in the gallery, and I move he be paired off with
the gentleman from Indiana, [Mr. Colfax.]
[Laughter.]
The question was taken, and Mr. Cox was not
excused.
Mr. Q.UITMAN. In order to facilitate busi-
ness, I ask the unanimous consent of the House
to introduce a resolution connected with the pres-
ent call of the roll.
Mr. GIDDINGS, and several others, objected.
Elisha D. Cullen.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I will state that I
mot Mr. Cullen sometime before the meeting of
the House, and he told me he would be here
within an hour after the opening of the day's
session. He was in attendance on a venerable
lady who obviously required hisservices. [Laugh-
ter.] I move that he be excused.
The question was taken, and the motion was
disagreed to.
Mr. KNIGHT. We are unnecessarily con-
suming time in this call of the House. There
are members enough here to proceed to the gen-
eral business of legislation, and therefore I move
that all further proceedings under the call be dis-
pensed with.
The motion was disagreed to.
Henry Winter Davis.
Mr. RICAUD. My colleague is not in the
city. He has gone to New York, as I have been
told, and believe, on very important business.
I move that he be excused.
The motion was disagreed to.
Timothy C. Day.
Mr. ALBRIGHT. My colleague is absent
from the city, and I move that he be excused.
The motion was agreed to.
