1856.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
m
in the report of the committee that any money
was disbursed daring these periods at all. It is
simply a statement that at this time this man ab-
stracted the money and made erasures in the
books. I submit, then, that the report does not
show that degree of diligence which a prudent
business man would apply to his private busi-
ness. I concede, so far as my vote goes, that the
rule laid down by the chairman of the Committee
on Military Affairs is a true one for me. If this
officcr did exercise, in respect to this business,
that care and diligence which a prudent business
man would exercise over his private affairs, and
lost the money, he is excusable, and ought to be
indemnified.
I cannot think that the argument of the Senator
from Missouri [Mr. Geyer] is a very strong one.
"Why, sir, the history of mankind—1 might make
a very broad statement, indeed—shows the facil-
ity with which bank officers in large transactions
can defraud and do defraud the corporation,
because it requires a very carcful and minute in-
spection of every transaction to detect it; and
those transactions maybe estimated,perhaps,by
hundreds in a day—small in amount, but running
through a very large quantity of-business: hence
the difficulty of detection in such cases. But the
Committee on Military Affairs present to the Sen-
ate no such case. They present to us a few receipts
of money, and a few abstractions of money; that
is all. Now, if this officcr was at his post, and
if there was not a large amount of money being
paid out at the time—and I cannot conceive that
m April, 1851, there was anything requiring
frequent payments of money at Santa Fe— it
seems to me that the report does not make a
satisfactory explanation.
Mr. President, it should not be forgotten that
there is a moral effect attending this species of
legislation. While it may be true—and I take
it for granted that it is true—that this officer is a
highly honorable gentleman, a man whose word
is entitled to credit everywhere; yet, if it be un-
derstood in the legislation of this Government
that officers are readily relieved by Congress from
losses of this character, the moral tendency will
be extremely bad. We all know how a rigid
holding of an officer to accountability induces
care and supervision, and thereby prevents loss.
I shall vote as cheerfully, I apprehend, as any
other gentleman, for any case which shall be
fairly presented; but I submit again that it is not
stated in this report whether the officer was at
the post at the time when the transaction occur-
red or not; it shows that he was there on the 27th
of February, 1851, and does not show him away
from there until three months afterwards, when
he was at St. Louis. If he was there on the
spot where the transaction occurred, the report,
in my judgment, does not show such facts as can
induce me to believe that he exercised that pru-
dential care over these large amounts of money
which were intrusted to him, that a prudent
business man would over his own money; and as
the case now stands, I must ask the Senate to
allow me the privilege of voting against it. I de-
sire to have the yeas and nays on the bill.
Mr. BRODHEAD. Ordinarily,Mr. President,
when a loss of money occurs, the officer reports
it to the proper Department; and the Department
institutes an investigation, and frequently sends
an agent to the spot to examine into the circum-
stances at once. I know that this has been done
in two or three cases now pending before Con-
gress. I should like to know from the chairman
of tiie committee who reported this bill, what
action the Department took in regard to this loss
of money, and whether there is any recommend-
ation from the Department on the subject, one way
or the other?
Mr. WELLER. Mr. President, if the proof
in this case had not satisfied the committee that
this officer had properly performed his duties,
and that the money was lost without any negli-
gence on his part, they certainly would not have
presented the bill to the Senate. I think it clearly
comes within the rule which I laid down when I
spoke before. This was one of those unavoid-
able losses which ought rot to fall on the officer,
but rather on the Govern nent.
I do not know what the, opinion of the Depart-
ment may be on this subject. I am not in the
habit of consulting the Departments in reference
to the propriety of passii g bills for the relief of
individuals, either in the Army, or in private life.
I suppose that in the pay department he stands
in default. As he had not the means himself of
discharging this indebtedness, I presume hestands
on the books as a defaulter of the Government to
the amount of |18,000. 'The object of this bill of
course is to relieve him of that default, and close
up his accounts. In regard to the amount of
money which he may have had, I have a state-
ment of the moneys disbursed and transferred
by this officer when he was engaged in the ser-
vice in New Mexico from 1847 to 1851. The
whole amount of money disbursed during that
period was $1,109,397. Captain Eascon dis-
bursed and transferred, when in New Mexico,
02,388,000.
Mr. STUART. During what length of time?
Mr. WELLER. From 1847 to 1851. It was
necessary, of course, that he should have a very
large amount of money on hand at the time, in
order to a proper discharge of the duties of his
position. In the first quarter of the year 1851 he
disbursed and tranferred toother officers $324,000;
in the second quarter, $125,000. As I said before,
the whole amount of his disbursements and trans-
fers was $2,388,000. He was, for a portion of
the time, as a matter of course, at Santa Fe, for
that was one of the military posts under his
charge. He had eleven different posts to attend
to. He was often absent from Santa Fe for ten
or twenty days at a time—necessarily so for the
performance of his duty; and he had to leave a
clerk or agent to transact business in his absence,
who must necessarily have charge of the funds
and pay the demands against the Government.
While m Santa Fehe seems to have been much
afflicted by sickness in his family. I find, by
affidavits on file, that while there he lost his wife,
his brother-in-law, and his son. They were all
stricken down by disease, and after lingering a
long while they died. 1 have no doubt this drew
off a portion of his attention while he was at
Santa Fe; but I do not put his claim on that
ground. I say the testimony in the case is abund-
ant to establish the fact that there was nota more
faithful or honest disburser of the public moneys
than Captain Easton. He was necessarily trav-
eling from post to post, and in conscquence of
the fraud of his clerk, he has sustained this loss.
Certainly, the Committee on Military Affairs
never would have proposed to relieve an officer
under these circumstances, unless they were per-
fectly satisfied that there was no fault to be at-
tached to him.
Mr. GEYER. Mr. President, since I spoke
before, I have examined the papers in this case,
to some of which I desire to call the attention of
the Senate, and Senators who are opposed to the
relief that is now asked. I have in ray hand a
copy of the notice furnished from the Quarter-
master General's office, of certain drafts which
were presented, bearing the signature of Captain
Easton, and which eventually proved to be forge-
ries by McHarcourt. After that advertisement,
there was another from the Quartermaster Gen-
eral's office, by Mr. W. A. Gordon, chief clerk:
" Since the notice from thih office of the 10th of January
last, which appeared in the newspapers of tins city, con-
tiomngthe public against receiving certain drafts purporting
to be those of Captain L. C. Easton, assistant quarter-
master, recently stationed at Santa Fe, New Mexico, a
third draft on the Quartermaster General has been pre-
sented for payment. It is numbered 113, Santa Fe, N. M.,
1st May, 1851, in favor of Robert T. Brent, Esq., for $3,750.'
This man who fell so suddenly, got to forging
drafts! I have a letter which was addressed to
me on the 5th of May, 1852, from the Quarter-
master General, which I desire to have read to
the Senate.
The Secretary read it as follows:
Quartermaster General's Office,
Washington City, May 5, 1852.
Sir: Captain Easton, who is about to petition (Congress
for relief m consequence of a large amount of public money
for which he is accountable, having been stolen from him
by one of the clerks in the employment of the Quarter-
master's Department, in New Mexico, has requested me
to address a letter to you, stating what his character and
conduct has been since he lias been serving in tins Depart-
ment. In compliance with his request, and in justice to a
most meritorious public servant, I have the honor to state
that Captain Easton was appointed an assistant quarter-
master m March, 1847, and was assigned to duty at Fort
Leavenworth, one of the most important depots of the
Army, where he remained until July. 18-19, the greater part
of the time the principal officer m charge of the depot. He
then went on a tour of dutv to Fort Laramie, by order of
the late Colonel McKay. 6n his return, he was placed on
duty at Saint Louis, Missouri, where he continued until
April, 1850, when he was assigned to duty at Saixta F4,
New Mexico. He remained at Santa ,F£ until July, 1851,
when he returned,"in 'cifargg of a train, to'Fort Leaven-
worth. A part of the time he served in New Mexico, he
was the senior officer, and there, as well as .at Fort Leaven-
worth, his position was one of great responsibility. There
is ho man of his rank in the Department in whojij I have
greater confidence than m him; and 1 feet well assured
that confidence is merited.
The situation of an officer of thp Quartermasters ,Ete-
partnient at a principal point oil ttie frontier, is raost; per-
plexing and responsible. He is obliged to confide' facgp
sums of money and "many thousand dollars worth of pro^-
city, for which he.is accountable, to such persons as ho
may be able to employ, at the low compensation allowed,
and at the constant risk of absolute ruin. His clerk, or his
wagon and forage-master, if dishonest, may rum him in a
single quarter. There is no class of officers in our whole
country, civil or military, who have such risks to encounter
and such oherous duties to perform, in proportion to the
compensation they leceive, as assistantquartermaatersnow
serving m the Department; and I hope the relief may be
granted which Captain Easton asks.
With high consideration and respect, I have the honor to
be, sir, your obedient servant,
THOMAS S. JESUP,
Quartermaster General.
lion. Henry S. Geyer,
Senate of the United States, Washington City.
Mr. STUART. That letter, as I understand
it, shows that this officer was at the post of Santa
Fe during the time when these peculations were
committed.
Mr. GEYER. I will say to the Senator that
he is regarded as being at his post, although at
the time he may be visiting other places. I will
mention now, however, for the information of the
honorable Senator, that at the time when this
occurrence was supposed to have taken place—
because he did not know when it did take place
until after he came on with that train—his family
was afflicted very much. It was during- the pe-
riod when, as he supposes, this money was ab-
stracted, that his wife was lying at the point of
death; and she afterwards died.
Mr. STUART. Is the Senator able to in-
dicate where such a letter can be found ? I under-
stand there is among the documents or affidavits
in this case a letter which shows the illness of
his family at this time. If so, 1 should like to
have that letter read, for I consider that an im-
portant fact.
Mr. GEYER. The letter is among the docu-
ments, and can be read.
The Secretary read the following:
Fort Union, New Mexico, January 30,1853.
It is with much regiet that I hear of the embarrassing
situation that Captain L. C. Easton, of the quartermaster's
department, is placed in, arising from a breach of trust on
the part of his clerk at a time that the captain was suffer- -
mg under the deepest affliction that we are subject to, and
when it became neeessary, in order that the business of
his office might be actively discharged, to give his clerk
entire charge of the funds lor disbursement, and of all the
papers pertaining thereto, which I know was the case,
being on duty m Santa Fe during the whole time that Cap-
tain Easton was stationed there, and frequently having
business transactions in his office.
I have known Captain Easton well since 1847, and have
always esteemed him as one of the most attentive and ef-
ficient officers in the public service; and I am confident that
had he not had so much illness and affliction to contend
with at home, and so many duties requiring his absence
from his office whilst in that Territory, this unfortunate
affair would not have occurred as it has under circumstan-
ces that he could not control; nor was he to blame m the
selection of his clerk. I have known him, also, as a clerk
in the pay department, and subsequently until discharged
by Captain Easton; and had I been placed m the same po-
sition, and forced to intrust my business entirely to a clerk*
I know of no one m whom I would^have had more un-
bounded confidence than in Mr. Mcfiarcourt. That he has
disappointed me in this favorable opinion is now too msa-
ifest.
Very respectfully your obedient servant,
W. R. SHOEMAKER,
Military Storekeeper of Or<tnancty Commanding
United States Ordnance Depot.
Mr. TOUCEY. I have no knowledge of this
case, except what is presented by the report of
the committee and the papers wtiich have been
read. It is very easy for us to say that we win
not do justice in this case for fear that, in some
case to arise hereafter, we may be misled; butia
that in strict accordance with our duty? There
is no doubt that the petitioner has no remedy by
a resort to the courts of law. It has not been,
and it cannot be, incorporated into our legislation,
that, in a case like this, either the courts of jus-
tice or the executive officers should administer
relief. It seems to me that it is necessary that
every case of this kind should come before Con-
gress; and the duty devolves on Congress to
investigate the case thoroughly and decisively;
and, if justice requires that an allowance should
be made, we should have the enrage and the
