185&
THE 'CONGRESSIONAL- :©LOBE.
im
upon American nationality. I court no alliance
with those who are not with us. We stand upon
the broad principles of the Constitution, which
spreads its protection alike over the North and
the South; which guaranties to all sections of the
Union respective rights—rightswhich were estab-
lished by our fathers of the Revolution—those
rights which the gentleman from Maine [Mr.
Knowlton] so eloquently appealed to when
pointing to the picture of Washington there upon
the canvas—that great leader, who led the peo-
ple of the United States on to freedom. But, sir,
allow me to say that the gentleman from Maine,
in my opinion, misunderstands the great princi-
Sle of the Revolution, if he regards its battles as
aving been fought to relieve the negroes of the
country from slavery. It was to free themselves
and their posterity. They fought for their own
freedom, that they might not remain slaves as
well as their negroes; and, not being able to
agree as to the emancipation of the others, were
obliged to leave that question to the events of
time. I appeal to Americans on this floor, whether
there is but one alternative upon which wo can
proceed to organize the House ; and that is,
either to adopt the resolution which I am about
to submit, or come together as Americans, and
nominate,an American candidate who shall deal
out equal and exact justice to all parties and sec-
tions, and who will maintain the principles of the
Constitution and of the Union, as left to us by
our fathers ?
I trust that the Americans of the House will
see that their constituents are intelligent enough
to know that no legislation whatever, during the
present session, can possibly be effected in refer-
ence to the non-extension of slavery in the Ter-
ritories, nor for the restoration of the Missouri
compromise. Even if we were to pass a meas-
ure for the restoration of the Missouri act, it
would be defeated in Lite Senate; and, if it were
to pass both the House and the Senate, it would
certainly die before the chair of the Executive.
Therefore, it is a waste of time; it is a waste of
energy; it is a waste of the public treasure, to
continue the fruitless efforts to organize the House
upon this issue. Let the Americans of the House,
then, come up as Americans, irrespective of that
issue, and let us organize the House upon the
great principles of the American cause.
Mr. HOWARD. If the gentleman will allow
me to interrupt him, 1 will ask him a question.
He says it would be fruitless to attempt to pass
any law in respect to the non-extension of sla-
very. Now, let me ask him if, knowing as he
does, the opinions which prevail 111 the Senate,
and at the other end of the avenue, there would
be any hope of successful legislation upon the
subject of Americanism?
Mr. BROOM. That would be a matter of
patriotism which would covei the interests of the
people of the entire country, and 011 which, if
standing alone, we could at least organize this
House, and that is the subject of which I am
speaking. But the other is merely a sectional
matter, objectionable to the South, and, as they
believe, injurious to their rights. Now, sir, it
appears to me to be preposterous for gentlemen,
standing upon strictly sectional grounds, to pro-
claim themselves (as did the gentleman from
Maine yesterday) the true friends of the Union.
While occupying a sectional position, such ex-
pressions cannot be admitted. There can be
nothing national ill a sectional course. Every
step taken in that direction is an advance towards
further agitation and the disturbance of the great
principles of this Union.
Mr. SAGE. Will the gentleman allow me to
ask him a question?
Mr. BROOM. I cannot yield.
Mr. SAGE. Just for a moment.
Mr. BROOM. I had rather not. The gentle-
man will excuse me. I do not approve of these
interruptions. I have merely, in conclusion, to
say, as I said before, that the only alternative for
the Americans in the House is to proceed to or-
ganize the House upon American principles —
upon the principles on-wluch they were clearly
elected, or to adopt the following resolution;
Resolved, That the friends orsupporteis of the prominent
candidates for the speakeisinp be, and they are heieby, re-
quested to withdraw them from tilt1 further eonsideiauon
and action of this House; that the members repiesentingthe
dineieiit parties of the House are hereby requested to meet
together, and appoint a comraittec of five caeh, with the
view of selecting a conservative member of this House as a
compromise candidate for the position.
Mr, MILLSON. It was my desire to take the
floor immediately at the close of the remarks
submitted by the honorable gentleman from Ten-
nessee, [Mr. Etheridge;] and I should have
done so, but that, having expressed this purpose,
I was, at the moment, engaged in conversation
with two friends, who were endeavoring to dis-
suade me from it, I now avail myself of the first
opportunity I have since had to address a very
few remarks to the House.
I came into the Hall while the gentleman from
Tennessee [Mr. Etheridge] was addressing the
House, and, when I was still engaged in specu-
lating to the objects he had in view, I was sur-
prised at hearing from him the announcement
of my own name as a candidate for the position
of Speaker.
Mr. Clerk, I trust I shall be allowed to appeal
most earnestly to the gentleman from Tennessee
to withdraw that nomination. There are a great
many reasons, personal to myself, that inducc
me to address the request to that gentleman. But
I do not know that it would be proper, and it cer-
tainly is not necessary, that 1 should now give
expression to them. I trust, when I say nolo
episcopari, the House will give me credit for un-
feigned sincerity. I hope, then, that the gentle-
man from Tennessee will accede to the request I
make, for the reasons I have just suggested; and
if my personal entreaty will not weigh with him,
I beg leave to suggest to him that there are other
considerations that induce mo to dissuade him
from the further prosecution of his purpose.^
The gentleman must be aware that I stand here
associated with my political friends in an earnest
effort to elect the honorable gentleman from Illi-
nois [Mr. Richardson] as the Speaker of this
House; and he cannot fail to see that some of the
very considerations which have prevailed with
him to place my name before this body would
constitute, in the estimation of many of these
gentlemen, a grave objection to the consumma-
tion of the object which he has in view. While,
then, as the gentleman must admit, there is little
or 110 probability of accomplishing his own object,
even were it as important as he lias supposed it
to be, he places myself and my friends m ail at-
titude which neither they nor 1 desire to assume.
I beg leave, therefore, Mr. Clerk, to repeat the
earnest request that the gentleman will withdraw
my name as a candidate for the distinguished post
of Speaker of this House. I trust thjit I10 will not
hesitate to do so.
Mr. ETHERIDGE. Mr. Clerk, I will remark
to the House that, if I had need of tiny justifica-
tion whatever for the course which I have thought
proper to pursue, that justification is evidently
found in the very remarks which the gentleman
has just addressed to the House. I knew that,
in presenting his name, it would be unexpected
to him; and I knew further, sir, that it would be
somewhat painful to him, because his nomination
might come in opposition to what he regarded as
a primary consideration on the part of those with
whom he has acted.
I stated, sir, when I placed that gentleman's
name in nomination, that I knew he could not
be elected Speaker, unless it was done in the spirit
of forbearance, of concession, and of compro-
mise. I stated that I had not conferred with him
on the subject, and I knew at the time that the
gentleman himself did not desire the honors of
the office. But, in my judgment, the first quali-
fication we can have for a presiding officer is found
in the fact that the gentleman who may be called
to the chair does not desire the position.
As I have already remarked, if I needed any
justification, it has been found in the remarks
which the gentleman has just addressed to the
House. I will remark, further, that I took that
step,, not believing it would at the moment bo
approved by either of the parties here. If the
gentleman, however, makes a personal appeal to
me to withdraw his name,—and I trust, he will
not do it on personal grounds,—of course I shall
be compelled to do so. I know that ho does not
desire to be the presiding officer of this House;
but, sir, he has had enough connection with pub-
lic life to know that the honors of the speaker-
ship will best attach to him who does not seek
them. The honorable gentleman has not sought
the position, either directly or indirectly; and he
will pardon me if I do not now feel constrained
to withdraw his name.\ I,sviiJ not, unless I anj
assured that he would peremptorily decline "tf$
position if it were assigned to' him.. His name
being before the House can do no harm; and I
believe, sir, there are many membecswho .Jrajrg
voted for the four gentlemen who have heretofore
been in nomination, who think as.lhavetn<).ijglvt,. .
that this House cannot'be organized unless -
done in a spirit of forbearance. .Butifthegeiyjfr-
man insists that his name shall be peremptorily
withdrawn, I can have no otheralternative. I do
insist, however, that he shall not now make thai '
request of me.
I prefer that the demand should not be made. I
was governed by a high sense of public duty; and I
know that if this House is properly organized, it
will bo organized on some such basisasl have sug-
gested; and in looking around for one who pos-
sessed those personal and intellectual qualities
which would adorn the speakership, I found no
gentleman to combine them more eminently than
the gentleman from Virginia, [Mr. Millson.] .1
know the political position which he occupies in
relation to some of the questions of the day. That
position was not taken by him in the spirit of
calculation, or for the purpose of advancing his
own ambitious ends. I have seen him, solitary
and alone, standing out against- his whole dele-
gation, when I knew that personal appeals were
addressed to him, and addressed to him in vain.
And I venture to state, that if he had consulted
his own personal advancement and promotion in
a spirit of selfishness, ke would have pursued a
different course. He was, on that occasion, gov-
erned by a high spirit of patriotism, a desire to
do right in the discharge of his public duty. Be-
lieving that if he were Speaker of this House, he
would bring the same desire and the same dispo-
sition to the chair, I placed his name in nomin-
ation; and I do hope that,as the gentleman has
had but little time to'reflect on the subject, he will
not require me, at this time at least, to withdraw
his name. When he has taken a little more time
for reflection, il' he demands the peremptory with-
drawal of his name, I will be compelled to accede
to his request.
Mr..MlLLSON. My friend from Tennessee
has had the kindness to say, that if I made a
personal request for the withdrawal of my name,
lie would withdraw it. I am not insensible to the
great compliment involved in the nomination ojf
the gentleman from Tennessee; nor, sir, could I
think that I had any right to prefer a peisonal
request that was in conflict with any of my own
convictions of duty; but as at present my own
sense of duty agrees with my personal inclina-
tions, I have the less hesitation in repeating more
urgently the request to the gentleman, which is
made in all respect, that he will withdraw my
name as a candidate for the speakership.
Mr. ETHERIDGE. Then, Mr. Clerk, as no
alternative 13 left me, I will withdraw so much
of the nomination as may leave me the privilege
of voting for the gentleman, if I think proper.
Mr. STEPHENS. Is the resolution of the
gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. Broom] now
before the House ?
The CLERK. Yes, sir.
Mr. STEPHENS. Mr. Clerk, I am opposed
to that resolution, just as I was opposed to the
resolution of the gentleman from Tennessee, [Mr.
ETiiERiriGE.] I think the suggestions made by
the gentleman from Pennsylvania, or rather his
plan for an organization, wholly impracticable.
We cannot organize the House, sir, in that way,
in my opinion, and I should lie opposed to doing
it, if wo could. One or two remarks, however,
fell from that gentleman, which 1 wish to reply
to before making the motion which I intend to
submit. He said that the members of the Amer-
ican party, to which he is attached, of thisHouso,
as I understood him, were elected upon the prin-
ciples of that party, as paramount to all other
questions, and his whole object seems to be to
invoke and effect an organization of this House
upon the basis of the principles of the American
party. What the strength of that party is in this
House I do not know; but the gentleman from
Kentucky [Mr. Humphrey Marshall] the other
day informed us, if I did not misunderstand
him, that there was a majority upon this floor be-
longing to that party. It may be, then, that the
House could be organized upon the principles of
