152
■Ml CONGREgSI(M&E GLOBE.
January 5,
that party, paramount, we are told, with them to
all other question^; but I wish to ask the gentle-
man, and the House, and the country, what sort
of a spectacle would be presented to th'g world
by sucn a result? It may be, I say,—for I do not
know;—that there is a majority in this House—
Bay one hundred and seventeen or one hundred
and eighteen members—who have joined that
party, out there are only about thirty-four, all
told, who vote with the gentleman from Pennsyl-
vania [Mr. Broom] and the gentleman from Ken-
tucky, [Mr. Humphrey Marshall .] and. but
•five or six, I believe, from the entire North who
stand with them for Mr. Fuller against Mr.
Banks. All the other members of that party—
amounting, if this statement be true, to more than
two thirds, and perhaps three fourths of the party
—stand in solid phalanx against one whole sec-
tion of this Union, for Mr. Banks has not received
a single vote from the entire South. Now, sir,
if such bo the American party, what a spectacle
does it present to the country! Might I not ap-
peal to the gentleman from Pennsylvania himself,
as well as to his associates from the South, and
ask, if the party in its beginning, not much over
two years old, has become so thoroughly corrupt
that at least two thirds, if not three fourths of its
members, are arrayed in solid phalanx against one
whole section of the Union, ought it not to be
put down ?
I am, therefore, sir, opposed to the organiza-
tion of this House upon the basis of the princi-
ples of a party so organized and so constituted—
one that presents no better grounds than this to
my consideration. But the gentleman said that
the American party were electcd upon the prin-
ciples of that party as paramount to all others.
How gentlemen were elected in different portions
of the country, or what questions were consid-
ered as) paramount in the canvass, I shall not
undertake to say. So far as my own election
was concerned, I will say this, however: I was
elected upon the principle of maintaining the
Constitution of the United States in all its length
and breadth, height and depth—every clause and
every section of it. This, with mc, sir, was par-
amount to all other questions.
Mr. BROOM. Allow me to say that so was I.
Mr. STEPHENS. Then let us see, Mr.
Clerk, if I understand the principles of that
party, and the gentleman can set me right if 1
am in error, because wo outsiders have got only
the little glimmering light that is occasionally
shot forth from the dark caverns of the secret
"order." [Laughter and applause.] If I un-
derstand, I say, the principles of the gentleman's
party, on the principles of which, as a basis, he
desires an organization of the House, it sets out
with this: that no member of it shall ever vote
for anybody, for any office, who is not a native-
born A mencan, who is not in favor of' 'Americans
ruling America," nor if ho bo a Roman Catholic.
I ask the gentleman if that is not the corner-stone
of his party. This I understand to be true—and,
perhaps, hereon " hangs a talc " which may ex-
plain why some gentlemen from the South cannot
votcforthe gentleman from Illinois, [Mr. Richard-
son.] He, it is true, may be a native-born Amer-
can; he may be no Roman Catholic; but he does
not subscribe to their creed of "Americans ruling
America "—that is, of excluding all foreign-bom
citizens from office. Hence their inability to vote
for him consistently with their obligations. Sir,
the Constitution of this country does not exclude
foreign-born citizens from office; and because the
gentleman from Illinois [Mr. Richardson] will
not assume a position higher than and above the
Constitution, and make a test for office that it never
makes, there is an " impassable barrier " between
the gentleman from Pennsylvania and the gentle-
man from Illinois, and every other man that is
not in favor of "Americans ruling America," or
of excluding foreign-born citizens from office.
Now, sir, the next principle of that party, as
I understand it, is, that if an individual is elected
by it to office, he never shallconfer office upon any
foreign-born citizen, or upon a Roman Catholic,
and shall remove all such from office where it can
be done. Your President, sir, would be bound
by the principles of that party—and bound, too,
I believe, by an oath—never to appoint a Roman
Catholic to office, as well as to remove all such
• who now hold office where he could do it. Now,
sir, the gentleman says that ho is in favor of main-
taining the Constitution of the country. The
Constitution says that no religious test shall ever
be required for any office or public trust under
the United States; but this principle of the Amer-
ican parly makes it the duty of the President,
and of any other officer elected by them, never
to appoint a Roman. Catholic to office; that is, it
makes it the duty of those they elect to require a
test ih their appointments. It is, therefore, in
direct opposition to that great principle of the
Constitutioii. Now, is an officer elected by that
party to comply with the obligations of the party,
or with the obligations of the Constitution?
Mr. READE, (interrupting.) Will the gen-
tleman allow me to ask him a question ?
Mr. STEPHENS. Yes, sir.
Mr. READE. Suppose a candidate for office
were to admit to you, or, if he did not admit it,
you were yourself satisfied of the fact, that he held
religious opinions inconsistent with the freedom
and safety of the country, would you vote for
him?
A Member. That is an impossibility.
Mr. STEPHENS. I am not here, Mr. Clerk,
to discuss questions of "religions opinion." I
judge men by their acts—by their deeds—by their
works. "By their fruit ye shall know them,"
and not by their professions, their faith, or their
creeds in matters spiritual. If a man—a candi-
date—should hold "political opinions" incon-
sistent with the safety of the country, I should
vote against him. His religion is a matter be-
tween himself and his God.
Mr. READE. The gentleman allowed me to
ask him the question; I hope the House and the
country will mark that he will not answer it.
Mr. WHITNEY. I should like to ask the
gentleman from Georgia a question.
Mr. STEPHENS. I will hear the question.
Mr. WHITNEY. I understand that the gentle-
man declines answering the question propounded
to him by the gentleman from North Carolina. I
will ask him another, which he may perhaps be
able to answer.
Mr. STEPHENS. What is it?
Mr. WHITNEY. I would ask that gentle-
man to suppose a person should apply to him for
an appointment to an office of public trust, and
that'person should avow, or the gentleman should
possess satisfactory evidence of the fact, that the
person applying entertained political opinions
hostile to the institutions of this Republic, would
hein that, case appoint such person to office?
Mr. STEPHENS. I would not.
Mr. WHITNEY. That is all; it is the polit-
ical character of the Papacy which affords the sole
basis of my opposition to its encroachments in
this country.
Mr. STEPHENS. The gentleman says that
is the basis of his party's opposition to Papacy;
that is the reason they will allow no Roman
Catholic to hold office by election or appointment;
and that assumes that every man who holds that
religious faith, native-born or not, is an enemy
to our country, which assumption I spurn in be-
half of that church, thousands of whom I believe
to be as true patriots as ever breathed American
air.
Mr. EUSTIS, (interrupting.) I have no desire
to interrogate the gentleman from Georgia. The
opinions of that gentleman are perfectly well
known, and I take occasion to say in this House,
and I desire it to go to the country, that I coincide
with him in every respectwith regard to his opin-
ion on the subject of this religious test.
Mr. WALKER. So do 1.
Several Members. So do I.
Mr. EUSTIS. The State of Louisiana has
repudiated in the most formal and emphatic man-
ner the action of the national American party of
this country.
Mr. STEPHENS. The American party of
the State of Louisiana, I had heard, sir, have re-
pudiated that doctrine; and that other States have
done, or will do the same, I have no doubt. They
have done, or will be compelled to do it, State by-
State, council by council, until the great fabric
of Americanism, as at first reared by its secret,
unknown architects, growing " small by degrees
and beautifully less," will be extinct and defunct
in less than twelvemonths. [Laughter.] It is
founded in error—concocted in it; thrown into
existence from it; the diverse changes and muta-
tions it has undergone in different places show
this -, and what remains1 of itrests still upon errors
equedly flagrant.
Am I wriyigfthen, sir, in being opposed to an
organization of this House upon the principles of
such a party? Those principles—those of the
national American council—are as I have stated
them, at least as I understand them. A Hous'e
so organized would be. thrown into the hands of
men, in my opinion, whose objects and aims, so
far from sustaining the 'Constitution, would be
to strike it down -in sofne of its most essential
particulars—some of the most characteristic ideas
and principles of that "true Americanism" which
I was reared to approve, and to cherish and
admire. In appointment or election to office of
men who are citizens, either by birth or adoption,
within the constitutional limitations, merit alone—
in which I include not only ability and personal
integrity, but political principles—should be put
into the scale, and it is immaterial to me where
they are born, or what is their religion. This is
one of the glorious features of American insti-
tutions. Are they true to the Constitution? Do
they come up to its requirements touching qual-
ifications, and otherwise suitable for the office ?
If so, no question of eligibility arising from
birth-place, religious faith, or creed, should.ever
be raised in odious and unjust discrimination
against classes or sects.
The CLERK, (interrupting.) The Clerk must
remind the gentleman from Georgia that his ten
minutes have expired. [Cries of "Goon!" " Go
on!"] The gentleman will proceed by unani-
mous conscnt.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio. I make the same
motion now that I made when the gentleman from
Georgia [Mr. Stephens] objected to my col-
league's proceeding the other day. I move that
the gentleman be permitted to proceed.
Mr. STEPHENS. I will not proceed, as there
is objection.
Mr. ALEXANDER K. MARSHALL. I
move that the ten-minute rule be rescinded. I
have objection to one gentleman being allowed to
proceed while others are not. Let all have the
same chance.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I understand the gentle-
man from Georgia does not wish to proceed with
his remarks, and therefore I withdraw the mo-
tion. ^
Mr. WHITNEY was here recognized by the
Clerk.
Mr. STEPHENS. I move to lay upon the
table the resolution of the gentleman from Ten-
nessee. This motion I intended to make when
I took the floor.
The CLERK. The Clerk recognized the gen-
tleman from New York before the gentleman from
Georgia made his motion.
Mr. EROOM. I desire to say a word or two
in explanation.
The CLERK. The Clerk has recognized the
gentleman from New York.
Mr. WHITNEY. I would say to the Clerk,
that I did not ask for the floor at that moment.
The CLERK. Then the gentleman from Penn-
sylvania has the floor.
Mr. BROOM. It becomes necessary, to pre-
vent my being placed in a false position by the
remarks of the gentleman from Georgia, to define
the position which I really do occupy upon this
question. He starts out, in his remarks, with
the assertion that the American party is but two
years old. That assertion astonishes me, inas-
much as I have been an earnest advocate of the
cause for the last twelve years. But the honor-
able gentleman did not allude to the cause in which
this American party originated, when he spoke
so feelingly and firmly of his purpose to vindicate
the Pvoman Catholic religion, and defend them
against, what he terms, proscription on the part
of Americans. Iinvite thatgentleman'sattcntion
to the years 1843 and 1844, and ask whether I
am to regard him as the apologist of the foreign
papists who then slew the citizens of Philadelphia
at the very altar of their devotion to the principles
of American liberty—whether he, or any other
member, will stand upon 'this floor and express a
sympathy on behalf of foreign aggression against
the dearest rights of the American people ?
The American cause had not its origin in the
events of the two last years. It originated in the
years 1843 and 1844. I presumed that this cause
had become a part of our history, as all the papers
