1752
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 24,
as having been enacted by a legal Legislature, chosen in
conformity with the organic law, by the people of Kansas,
no part of the military force of the United States shall be
employed in atd of their enforcement, nor shall any citizen
of Kansas be required undei those provisions, to act as a
part of tlie />o<;■;<>. comitatus of any officer acting as marshal
or sheriff in said Territory.
Mr. PHELPS. I rise to a question of order.
The amendment submitted by the gentleman
from Indiana [Mr. Barbour] is not in order. As
it proposes to qualify the expenditure proposed
in the bill, it is a matter of general legislation,
and, bjr the rules of the House, cannot be em-
braced in a general appropriation bill. "We have
always sought to confine the appropriation bills
merely to the making of appropriations, and to
exclude all general legislation from them. I
therefore submit, that the amendment of the gen-
tleman from Indiana is not in order, not being ger-
mane to the subject.
Mr. GIDDINGS. Is this matter debatable?
The CHAIRMAN. It is not.
Mr. GIDDINGS. Well, sir, this question is
one of expenditure. The bill provides for an
appropriation. The amendment of the gentleman
from Indiana is merely to regulate the mode of
expending the appropriation, which certainly is
germane to the clause of the original bill, and
therefore in order.
Mr. PHELPS. 1 do not propose to debate
this question out of order, and I have therefore
restrained myself from any debate beyond a sim-
ple statement of my question of order. I ask that
that question may be decided by the Chair.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. It is certainly
competent for us to provide how this money is
to be expended. I think the amendment, of the
gentleman from Indiana is clearly m order.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair understands
the gentleman from Indiana to make a proposi-
tion merely to regulate the expenditure of tin1
appropriation under consideration. It does not
propose any new appropriation, but merely to
regulate the expenditure of the appropriation
under consideration, and therefore decides that
the amendment is in order.
Mr. PHELPS. From that decision I take an
appeal.
Mr. McMULLIN... The appeal is debatable,
I believe >
The CUAIRMAN. It is not debatable.
Mr. PIII'jLPS. The general debate upon this
bill, I believe, has been closed; and no debate
upon a question of order can, theiefore, be al-
lowed.
Mr. McMULLIN. We have the right to
debate the appeal under the five-minute rule, I
'The CHAIRMAN. No debate is in order
upon the appeal.
Mr. HOUSTON. I call for tellers upon the
appeal. 1 want to see who will vote to rule such
an amendment in order to this hill.
Telieis were ordered; and Messrs. Cuaibe arid
CeMBAi.K were appointed.
The question, " Shall the decision of the Chair
stand as the judgment of the committee," was
taken; and the tellers reported—ayes 74, noes 54.
So the amendment was decided to be in order.
Mr. R A11 HOUR. Mr. Cha irman, the purpose
of the resolution is not to prevent the President
of the United ►States from using the Army in
Kansas, or elsewhere, for the preservation of the
peace, hut to prevent its use fur the enforcement
of the obnoxious laws of the self-stykd Legis-
lature of that Territory. Since the opening of
Congress the President lias used the Army of the
United States to enforce those laws, mid am at
persons for treason who have been guilty of no
••rime, who have only exercised their undoubted
rights. The proposition I have offered contem-
plates a termination to those proceedings. The
President may enforce, with the Army of the
United States, the XCunsas i:'l, and other laws of
the United States. He may preserve peace in
the Territory. But, Air. Chairman, my amend-
ment prevents him from using the armed force of
the United States to arrest individuals alleged to
have violated sham laws uf a usurping Legisla-
ture. There has never been a time before in our
history when our Army was used for such pur-
poses. It is employed there to disarm American
eilu"ii.>. It is employed to retard the settlement
of the country. It is employed to prevent the
peaceful assemblages of the people. To save
the Army from any such employment in the
future, I move the proviso I have offered to the
Army bill.
Gentlemen may say that the proposition is
revolutionary in its character. I do not know-
the exact^meaning which gentlemen attach to the
use of the term revolutionary. If we have a
right to put any condition like this on the Army
bill, then my proposition, if adopted, is legiti-
mate legislation, and not revolutionary. It is to
put a stop to a revolution already commenced in
the Territory of Kansas. It is to put an end to
proceedings there which are atrocious and a dis-
grace to our country. There is no nation that
has ever taken upon itself to enforce, in so odious
a manner, laws enacted by a usurping Legisla-
ture. Every man, who reads the testimony
taken in Kansas, and which has been published
by this House, must know that the laws of the
Territorial Legislature of Kansas were the result
of a usurpation. Yet this Administration enforces
those laws with all the power it possesses. I did
not rise to make a speech, but merely to state
the object of my amendment.
Mr. PHELPS. Mr. Chairman, the amend-
ment of the gentleman from Indiana contains two
propositions. One is to declare that the laws
enacted by the Territorial Legislature of Kansas
shall not be enforced until those laws shall have
received the approval of Congress. The second
is, that the Army of the United States shall not
be employed to enforce any law in Kansas. The
proposition is, that the people of Kansas shall be
without law for their government. They are not
to have the least semblance of law. For the
thirty thousand people of that Territory, though
there may be courts, there are to be 110 laws to
be executed. There are to be no means for the
enforcement of rights and the punishment of
crimes. Such is the gentleman's proposition.
The restraints oflaw are to be entirely withdrawn
from the Territory.
In regard to the other branch of the proposition,
the gentleman says that he does not wish the
Army employed m Kansas to enforce law. Now
I would ask, whether the gentleman's own friends
did not petition the President of the United States
to have called out into that Territory the military
force of the United States, for the purpose of
enforcing law, and preserving peace and good
order? Such was the substance of a memorial sent
to Congress. Such was the substance of the peti-
tion to the President; and, Mr. Chairman, when
lie announced thot the Army would be employed
to prevent any disturbance 111 the Territory, he
yielded to the request of the gentleman's own
friends in that Territory, and not to that of the
pro-slavery party.
If it is desired to have mob-law in that Terri-
tory, let this amendment prevail. Tell that people
they have no law; that there are no courts—no
meaus to enforce rights and redress wrongs. All
the murders, all the arsons, all the robberies
which have been boldly perpetrated, arc to go
unpunished. Is this House ready to take any such
step at this time >
When the resolution to fix a day for the adjourn-
ment of the session was under consideration, gen-
tlemen said we should not fix that day until there
was quiet in Kansas. What is the position of those
gentlemen now? Instead of quieting those dis-
turbances, they ask that they may be increased.
Wron^ to exeicise the military force of the coun-
try for the purpose of maintaining the laws of
the country! Is this the doctrine the other side
of the House is advocating? and is this the doc-
trine which, by their votes, they are ready to
maintain and to declare to the people of the Ter-
ritories of tins Union? Will you say to them
that they have no laws for their government;
that they must redress their own wrongs; and
that there shall be no force to punish, no crim-
inal law to be enforced ? I ask you if those laws,
which the gentleman from Indiana [Mr. Bar-
bour] says were enacted by the sham Legisla-
ture, do not afford protection to the people of the
Territory if properly enforced? And why are |
they not enforced ? I gave the reasons some time 1
ago, and I see that the colleague of the gentleman
from Indiana [Mr. Colfax] has recently sentout
his speech without incorporating 111 it the rematks
I made whilst he was commenting on the laws of
that Territory, (though published in the Globe
with his specch,; omitting the reasons I then gave
twhy prosecutions, to the extent the gentleman
lhoughtwas expedient,have not been commenced
n the Territory.
Mr. STEPHENS. I move to amend the amend-
ment by striking out the words " alleged jaws.99
I am opposed to this amendment offered by the
gentleman from Indiana, and I voted against its
being admitted as in order. I do not think that
we have the power jo control the Executive in
the disposition which he can make of the military
forces of the country. Hence, I did not think
that the amendment was in order as an amend-
ment to this bill; and, if a bill were introduced
into this House, having a similar object with that
attempted in this one, I should vote against it
upon the same grounds. The President is the
commander-in-chief of the Army. We can with-
hold supplies, it is true, but we cannot grant
supplies upon the condition that he will use
the forces as we please. This would make Con-
gress, in .effect, the commander-in-chief. For
these general reasons, I am opposed to the amend-
ment offered, so far as it relates to any control it
may look to over the army of the United States
of the Territory of Kansas. I will, however,
take this occasion to say that I wish the Pres-
ident would remove the army from that Terri-
tory. I do not want an army there. I do not
believe that the liberties of the country can long
be maintained, when the laws of any portion of
the country are to be enforced by a standing
army. If, therefore, my opinion could have any
influence with the President, he would remove
the troops from that Territory entirfiy.
With regard to the laws in Kansas I wish to
say a word. I hold that the President and every
Department of the Government are bound to rec-
ognize what are called the "alleged laws" there
as the laws of the Territory until they arc changed
or modified by some competent law-making
power. That 1 consider to be a closed question.
I Nor do I think that anything has been disclosed
| by the testimony of the Kansas investigating
| committee which reaches that point in any degree.
The Territorial Legislature was elected and con-
I stituted in pursuance of the law of Congress
| organizing that Territory. The Legislature was
i recognized by the Executive of the Territory.
The Governor himself recognized it. They dis-
charged their duty as a Legislature, and all mat-
ters pertaining to their election were settled by
the proper tribunal, and according to the well-
settled principles of the Supreme Court of the
United States settled in the case of the Dorr re-
bellion, and others. According to the principles
so settled, all departments of this Government
are bound to recognize the acts of that Legislature
as emanating from a proper law-making power.
If the laws be wrong, they must be repealed by
the Legislature of that Territory, or by some other
competent law-making power. The Presidents
so bound, and the Governor now there is so bound,
to recognize them as laws, until repealed. Con-
gress is so bound by the decisions settling this
question. Such is my judgment upon that matter.
The gentleman from Indiana [Air. Barbour]
says that he is willing that the troops shall re-
main there for the purpose of preserving peace.
How can they maintain peace ? There must
always be some rule, some law, for peace to be
preserved and maintained by. Whose orders
are the troops to obey? Those of an irregular
collection of people ? Of a town mob? There is
j no way to preserve peace except by having-some
, law; and according to all the principles of our
, Government, until those laws are modified and
-changed in conformity to law, that is the only
1 code of laws which the Government officers of
j the country can recognize. For myself, I believe
that those laws are perfectly valid, as far as they
! are constitutional in their objects—as much so as
1 any other laws. There may be some of them
i which I do not approve; but until changed, inod-
' ified, or repealed, m the manner which I have
1 indicated, they must be maintained by all execu-
j live officers.
\ If the people of Kansas have not sufficient
1 force to maintain their own laws, then this will
j be but the beginning of the result of the great
experiment of self-government in the people. I
! believe the people are capable of self-government.
■ I do not believe that this great experiment which
we have entered upon the trial of in this country
- is so near a failure. But when the laws passed
