1850.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
153
of the day agreed upon the facts at the time.
Two years old, sir!—and filled with corruption to
such a degree that they are unable to act together !
Probably such a severe rebuke to those who were
elected as Americans to this House, and regard
other issues as paramount, may be eminently ser-
viceable to those who, since they have been upon
this floor, have shown their almost entire aban-
donment of the American question, so far as it
relates to the organization of this House, and
who have planted themselves upon the sectional
issues which now agitate the country. The prin-
ciples of this party, based as they are upon those
tragical scenes which occurred in the jjity and
county of Philadelphia, and which overtook
Americans while in the enjoyment of their inher-
ent rights, are not confined to the dark caverns,
■with scarcely a ray of light, as intimated by the
honorable gentleman, but stand out fully embla-
zoned on the banners and the constitution of
every American association in this land. It is
true that, for the purpose of meeting and defeating
secret associations which were plotting—I say it
fearlessly—the destruction of the liberties of this
country, it was deemed appropriate that they
should be met in like manner, until the name of
. Americans should be legion; until they could
come forth drilled in the patriotic spirit of their
fathers, to repel the invaders of their American
rights.
These principles, sir, are not to be found in dark
caverns. They are to be found in the action of
the very council of Philadelphia, spread forth to
the world; and the gentleman from Georgia [Mr.
Stephens] is as conversant in them as I myself
am. If he is not, it is his own fault for not
making himself acquainted with the principles
which were there promulgated. Who dare speak,
sir, of the American party uniting themselves for
the proscription of Roman Catholics? I have
heard that charge repeatedly asserted, but I have
never yet heard it justified by a reference to the
principles of the American party. The honor-
able gentleman from the second district of Penn-
sylvania, [Mr. Chandler,] who, last year, made
such a flaming speech on the subject of the tem-
poral power of the Pope, with the view of show-
ing that the Pope does not endeavor to exercise
any temporal power whatever, except that inno-
cently given to him by Christian princes for the
simple purpose of his limited government, stated,
in his patriotic emotion, that if he thought that
the Pope and his army were about to come to
invade our coasts, he would, if he were too
old to take the field, be found in his chamber,
and on his knees, invoking the God of nations
to preserve the liberties of his country from
aggression. I believe in the sincerity of the gen-
tleman's [Mr. Chandler's] patriotism when lie
made that remark; and I join him in it, and trust
that the gentleman from Georgia [Mr. Stevh ens]
would also feel disposed to join him in such an
expression.
But I would go even further. So deep-rooted
in my heart is the American principle on which
we are organized, that 110 age could keep me from
the field, where I should be found, if alive, wield-
ing the -weapon of defense against all invaders of
the liberties of my country. And I would say,
sir, that, in the pious and patriotic devotion of
that gentleman, [Mr. Chandler,] and of those
who agree with him on this floor, I, as an Amer-
ican, and every member of the American associa-
tion, so far from proscribing those who differ with
me and them on religious opinions, would stand
sentinel in front of their altar while in their de-
votions to their God, but at the same time, sir,
sentinels between their priesthood and the civil
institutions founded by our fathers. No, sir, we
are actuated by no proscription; nor is there any
prosenptive feature in the -whole policy of the
American party. We adopt the glorious, pa-
triotic principles of the great Father of his Coun-
try, whose idea and expressions were, that "it
does not accord with the policy of this Govern-
ment to bestow office, civil or military, upon for-
eigners, to the exclusion of our own citizens;"
and "as to immigration, I see no reason why it
should be encouraged, except that of useful me-
chanics."
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. STEPHENS. I now move to lay the
resolution on the table.
Mr. SAGE. I ask the gentleman from Georgia
[Mr. Stephens] to withdraw that motion for a-
few minutes ?
Mr. STEPHENS. At therequest of the gen-
tleman from New York [Mr. Sage] I withdraw
my motion to lay on the table.
Mr. SAGE. I see by the course of discussion
that the gentleman from Georgia [Mr. Stephens]
and the gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr.
Broom] have got into a difficulty about the pre-
cise -principles of the American party, and I rise
for the purpose of saying a few words in regard
to the question involved. I, too, love the Union
and the Constitution, and I believe I might say,
with perfect sincerity, that the gentlemen on this
side of the House are quite as devoted to the
Constitution, " in all its length and breadth and
depth," as either the gentleman from Georgia or
the gentleman from Pennsylvania; and that they
will be found standing shoulder to shoulder to
protect the rights of the States under all circum-
stances. And let me say, in this connection,
that there is 110 gentleman on this floor who is
more attached to the reserved rights of the States
than I am, and none that is more opposed to the
surrender of these rights to the General Govern-
ment than I am. When gentlemen consider the
increasing honor and patronage of the Govern-
ment, its disbursements now amounting to near
$70,000,000 annually—and within twenty years,
in my opinion, they will reach $100,000,000 an-
nually:—now, with this enormous expenditure,
patronage, and power in the General Government,
I do not desire nor intend to allow, so far as I
have the power to prevent, the surrender or ab-
sorption of any of the reserved rights of the
States, without such States' free and full acqui-
escence in the same, which 1 do not believe will
ever be given by any State in the Union.
But I desire to propound a question to the gen-
tleman from Pennsylvania, [Mi. Broom]  
Mr. BROOM, (interrupting.) If the question
has any reference to my remarks, or be merely
put for explanation, I will answer it; but I do
not concede the right to any gentleman 111 this
House to catechise me on any subject what-
ever.
Mr. SAGE. I inferred, when the gentleman
from Pennsylvania was 011 'the floor the first time
to-day, that he was an anti-Nebraska man at
home, for he spoke of the iniquity of the repeal
of the Missouri compromise, and spoke of it as
a party measure—not as a mere sectional, but as
a party measure—and then he went on to speak
of the absurdity of our attempting to do any-
thing by which we might undo the great wrong
done by that iniquity. Now, I wish to inquire
of that honorable gentleman if he was not an
anti-Nebraska man in the last canvass, when he
was elected a member of this House ?
Mr. BROOM. X will reply to the question of
the gentleman from New \ ork, [Mr. Sage,] by
stating that, during the entire canvass, from the
beginning of it to the conclusion, i did not at-
tend a single political meeting, nor make one
solitary speech 011 any subject. I will state,
furthermore, that when the Kansas-Nebraska
bill was passed I did speak, at an anti-Nebraska
meeting, against the propriety of having dis-
turbed the Missouri compromise, because that
that measure opened up the old see-saw between
the North and South, and allowed it to become
again a subject of agitation in this country. Ail
honorable gentleman, my colleague, [Mr. Ful-
ler,] has declared that he was opposed to the
repeal of the Nebraska bill, but was also opposed
to a fruitless effort to restore the Missouri com-
promise, or to repeal the territorial law. That is
my position, too.
Mr. SAGE. There is one part of the gentle-
man's answer to which I wish to call attention.
I understood his colleague [Mr. Fuller] the
other day to define his position, and I under-
stood then that the gentleman's [Mr. Broom's]
position was the same. That was, that he was
elected on an anti-Nebraska issue. 1 would ask
the gentleman now, [Mr. Broom,] if he was not
voted for in the last canvass by the anti-Nebras-
ka men of his district?
Mr. BROOM. I do not know, because I never
considered the subject. I can only say that I
am not afraid to meet my constituents on _ the
ground it seems proper to me to take. I believe
that four fifths of the people of Pennsylvania are
conservative in their ideas, and that they sustain
this principle of Americanism without reference
to the Nebraska "bill. . ' . -
■ Mr. SAGE. I may say to the gentlemaB.frosn,
Pennsylvania that my constituents are quite.' as-,
conservative, I doubt-not, as are- his: <-An4.I<
want to say, in this connection , tha't I have been,
told that the honorable gentleman from Pennsyl-
vania, [Mr. Fuller,] who -is supported jfoy-- Jiiw
as candidate for the speakership, (Ud address the.
people on this anti-Nebraska^ issue. And now I
want to ask him what position he <}cca,pibs dif-.
ferent from that of the honorable gentlemah, -hiss
predecessor, who voted for the bill, went borne,
and made that the issue, and was defeated in .it
largely Democratic district, while he himself was.
elected by anti-Nebraska -votes ? ' - -
Mr. BROOM. Do I understand the gentleman
from New York as alluding to my predecessor?
He was not a candidate.
Mr. SAGE. I want to know from the honor-
able gentleman from Pennsylvania whether, when
he received these anti-Nebraska votes, he knew
as much—from the power in the other end of
the Capitol and at the White House—about the
impossibility of restoring the Missouri compro-
mise line, as he knows this morning? I submit
to this House that it does not come with a good
grace from that gentleman, to get up here and
read lectures to the gentlemen who are true to
their principles and to the constituents who sent
them here.
Mr. BROOM. I will respond to the gentleman
cheerfully by saying, that out of upwards of
three hundred letters I have received in reference
to the difficulties that are besetting the House,
the authors of only two have reminded me that
they were anti-Nebraska men, and voted for me
as such.
Mr. SAGE. I move that the resolution be
laid upon the table.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Pennsylvania. I ask
the gentleman from New York to withdraw his
motion to allow me to respond to rtty colleague.
Mr. CADWALADER also sought the floor,
and made the same request.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I have the floor, sir.
The CLERK. The Clerk must, remind both
gentlemen from Pennsylvania, that the gentle-
man has not withdrawn his motion, and that no
discnssipfi is in order.
Mr. CADWALADER. T desire to reply to
the remarks of the gentleman from New York.
I hope he will withdraw his motion.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I claim the floor.
Mr. SAGE,. Well, I will withdraw the motion.
The CLERK. The motion will be withdrawn,
unless objection be made.
Mr. WHEELER. I object.
Mr. LETCHER. I hope the motion will be
withdrawn, and that we shall have a free fight.
Mr. CADWALADER. 1 desire to explain
the position of my constituents, who have been
misrepresented here
The CLERK. No debate is in order.
Mr. CADWALADER. What I have to say
is in the nature of personal explanation.
The CLERK. The Clerk thinks that such an
explanation would not be in order pending a mo-
tion to lay on the table.
Mr. CAMPBELL. The gentleman from New
York withdrew his motion to lay on the table.
The CLERK. He proposed to withdraw it,
but objection was made by the gentleman from
New York, [Mr. Wheeler.]
Mr. CAMPBELL. I understand that no ob-
jection is now made.
The CLERK. Then, if there is no objection,
the gentleman will proceed.
Mr. PURYEAR. There is objection: I object.
Mr. HOUSTON. The gentleman from New
York had the right to withdraw his motion to lay
on the table. No one can object.
Mr. SAGE. I think I have the right; and I
withdraw the motion.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I desire simply to say that
I cannot concur with my colleague, the honor-
able gentleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Broom,]
in the statement that certain members upon the
floor of the House have forgotten the principles
upon which they were elected, and have gone
over entirely to a sectional party. I desire es-
pecially to explain my position here, because an
allusion was made in this connection to myself a
few days since. Now, sir, I desire to explain roy
