1856.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
870
It appears that in 1828 William H. Neilson
entered into a contract with Messrs. Bartolett,
Harrison, and Buntin, trustees for the Secretary
of the Treasury,-for the purchase of a lot of land,
with improvements, near Vincennes, Indiana,
for which he agreed to pay §6,000, in six
yearly payments of $1,000 each, commencing
on January 1, 1830; the trustees stipulating to
convey the property with a general warranty.
Under this contract, the purchaser expended a
large sum in improvements on the property.
Although frequently applied to, the trustees de-
layed to execute the deeds, in consequence of the
failure of Mr. Juelah, the United States district
attorney, who had received the deeds from the
bank of Vincennes, to the United States, to place
them upon record. In the mean time the equit-
able title passed from W. H. Ncilson to the present
petitioner. Adverse claims sprung up against the
title of the United States, and under such circum-
stances the petitioner found it impracticable to
rent or sell the property, and consequently the
buildings and improvements went to decay, and
were entirely lost.
In 1841 the Solicitor of the Treasury called on
Mr. Neilson for an adjustment of the matter;
and it was finally arranged by his giving his
bond, with surety, for the payment to the United
States of the original sum or §6,000, with interest
from November 15, 1838, payable in four install-
ments, on the 1st of August, in the years 1843,
1844,1845, and 1846; in consideration of which
he received a deed, with special, instead of
general, warranty from the United States.
In 1844 a suit was commenced by Wllson Lo-
gan against Hall Neilson, to recover this property;
and the Government consented to suspend the
collection of Mr. Neilson's bonds until the result
of this should be ascertained. The courts of In-
diana decided adversely to the title of Ncilson as
the assignee of the United States. From this
decision an appeal was taken to the Supreme
Court of the United States, in which the decision
of Indiana was reversed, and the title of Neilson
from the United States was sustained, and the
case remanded to the courts of Indiana. It is
understood that this decision has been acquiesced
in by the supreme court of Indiana, and that the
case will b e'finally disposed of in the Knox coun-
ty court, where the proceedings originated, in
March next, thus finally settling the question of
title m favor of Mr. Neilson. Under these cir-
cumstances, the Solicitor of the Treasury now
demands payment of the bonds given by him,
with interest, agreeably to their tenor. Mr. Neil-
soil expresses his willingness to pay the amount
oftho original purchase money, notwithstanding
the heavy losses which he alleges that he has
sustained by the decay and destruction of the
improvements on the property, and his inability
to sell, use, or lease it, by reason of the litigation
of the title; but he asks to be relieved from the
payment of the interest. The committee are of
opinion, that it is but reasonable and equitable,
that the United States should receive the amount
of the original purchase money, without enforcing
the payment of interest during the time the tide
was in controversy.
The joint resolution was reported to the Senate
•without amendment,and ordered to be engrossed
for a third reading. It was read the third time
and passed.
JOHN METCALF.
The bill reported by the Committee on Claims,
(S. No. 135,) for the relief of John Metcalf, was
read a second time, and considered as in Com-
mittee of the Whole.
It proposes to appropriate to Metcalf §1,350
in full compensation for a quantity of goods bp-
longing to him, which were lost or destroyed in
consequence of the impressment into the service
of the United States, by order of General Brown,
of the schooner Tempest, at Buffalo, in the sum-
mer of 1&14.
During th? campaign of 1814, the schooner
Tempest was impressed into the service of the
United States, to convey troops from Buffalo to
the Canada shoie, and was retained in the service
for ten or twelve days. At the time of the im-
pressment she had on board a quantity of goods
belonging to the petitioner, consisting of gin,
brandy, shoes, &c., which were unloaded and lett
upon the beach, m an unprotected condition,
during the time the schooner was in the service of
the United States; and, while so left, the liquors,
and a considerable portion of the other goods,
were stolen or otherwise lost.
In his deposition, the claimant states that he
purchased goods to the amount of $1,500 and up-
wards, which consisted of, in part, forty gallons
of brandy, forty gallons of gin, a number of kegs
of tobacco, and a large proportion of men's and
women's shoes, the amount of which, or of the
tobacco, he cannot now precisely state. Some
light articles he transported in his wagon, and the
residue were left to bp shipped; and, as appears
from other testimony, were shipped on board of
the Tempest, and were lost at Buffalo in conse-
quence of the impressment of that vessel. As to
the value of the goods so lost, the testimony is
not very definite or satisfactory.
Isaac Cook and Pelatiah Shepherd, who were
part owners, and were on board the vessel at the
time, swear that Metcalf had on board the Tem-
pest forty gallons each of gin and brandy, worth
$320, and a box of shoes, estimated at $750, and \
several hundred pounds of tobacco, estimated at
$437 50—in all, $1,507 50; and that the goods
were left exposed to the soldiers, Indians, and
others, all the hands being pressed with the vessel,
and that a large amount of the goods was missing
when the remainder were reslupped, viz: all the
brandy and gin, except about ten gallons; all the
shoes, and all but about three hundred pounds
of the tobacco. If this testimony is to be relied
on—and the committee see no good reason for
rejecting it—the loss of seventy gallons of liquor,
at $4 per gallon, $280; three Jiundred pairs of
shoes, at $2 50 per pair, $750; and three hundred
pounds of tobacco, at 62J cents a pound, $187 50, j
amounting to $1,250 50, is made out; and for the
payment of that sum the committee leported this ,
bill.
Mr. WADE. John Metcalf, for whose relief
that bill is intended, is dead. I move to amend
it so that the appropriation shall be " to the
heirs or legal representatives of John Metcalf."
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate as amend-
ed, and the amendment made as in Committee of
the Whole was concurred In. It was ordered to
be engrossed for a third reading, read a third
time, and passed.
Mr. ADAMS. I suggest an amendment to the
title of the bill, so as to make it conform to the
amendment which has been made. I propose
that the title be amended so as to read "A bill for
the relief of the heirs and legal representatives of
John Metcalf."
The title was so amended.
ISAAC COOK AND OTHERS.
The bill reported by the Committee on Claims,
(S. No. 136,) for the relief of Isaac Cook and
others, was read the second time, and considered
as in Committee of the Whole.
It proposes to direct the Secretary of the Treas-
ury to pay to Isaac Cook, B. A. Napier, and Pela-
tiah Shepherd, or the legal representatives of such
of them as may be deceased, the sum of $200 in
full for the use of the schooner Tempest, belong-
ing to them, and impressed by Major J. G. Camp,
in September, 1814.
The petitioners were the owners of the schooner
Tempest, on Lake Erie, m 1814, which was
pressed into the service of the United States by
Major Camp, acting under the orders of General
Brown, to aid in transporting the army and mil-
itary stores from Buffalo to the Canada shore, and
she was detained in the service for ten days, for
which no compensation has been paid. Major
Camp testifies that he " did impress Captain B.
A. Napier, with his 'vessel and crew, and held
them for a considerable time." This, together
with the affidavits of Captain Napier, and others,
to the same effect, satisfies the committee J.hat the
vessel was impressed and used by the officers of
the Government; and, from the reports ol ttie
Third Auditor, it does not appear that any com-
pensation was made at the time or since.
From the statement of the Third Auditor of the
amounts allowed for similar impressments, it is
interred that $20 dollars per day would be a lair
compensation, and that ten days was the length
of time she was detained, and therefore $200 is to
be allowed; butthe claim for the subsequent, and,
as is alleged, consequential loss of the vessel, the
committee think is not sustained by any princi-
ples of law or equity heretofore recognized in
similar cases.
The bill was reported to the Senate, ordered to
be- engrossed for a third reading, read the third
time, and passed. • • -
AMOS B. EATON.
The bill introduced by Mr. Weixer, (S. No*.
137,) for the relief of Amos B. Eaton, a commis-
sary of subsistence, United States Army, was
next considered as in Committee of the Whole.
It proposes to direst the proper accounting offi-
cers to allow Amos B. Eaton $1,137 79, the amount
paid by him to three clerks in the commissary-
department, for services rendered by them as
auctioneers in the sale of damaged stgresand sub-
sistence at Brazos, Texas, and Monterey, Mex-
ico, in 1847 and 1848.
Mr. BIGGS. I should like to hear some ex-
planation of this bill.
Mr. WELLER. This bill was introduced by
me, without being referred to a committee. I will
state the reason why I pursued that course. The
same bill has been twice passed by the Senate at
former sessions. It was before the Committee on
Military Affairs, and they reported on it favorably
durino- the last Congress; but it was never acted
upon Tn the House. My attention was called to
the subjectsometime ago, and I introduced the bill
on leave, without submitting it again to the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs, as they had at two
previous sessions reported in favor of it. It is
to allow this officer about -$1,100, which he paid
to certain persons who acted as auctioneers. In-
stead of hiring a regular auctioneer at very high
rates, he employed threp young men to act as
auctioneers and sell the goods at public auction.
This bill provides for allowing him a credit in his
accounts so as to pay them $1,100, which is a
much less sum than he would have been com-
pelled to pay to regular auctioneers.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendmentj ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, rea!d the third time, and passed.
JOHN Y. LAUB.
The joint resolution reported by the Committee
on Claims, (S. R. No. 9,) for the relief of John Y.
Laub, a clerk in the office of the First Comptroller
of the Treasury, was read the second time, and
considered as in Committee of the Whole.
It provides that the increase in the salary of
Laub, as a clerk in the office of the First Comp-
troller of the Treasury, authorized by the act of
September 30, 1850, shall commence on the 1st
of July, 1849, the date of the commencement of
the additional services performed by him; but the
amount is not to exceed the sum of $333 33.
The act of September 30, 1850, (9 Statutes at
| Large, 525.) provides that " the salary of one of
the clerks in this the [FirstComptroller's] office,
per act of April 20, 1818, being hereby increased
to $1,400 per annum from July 1, 1850," Mr.
Whittlesey, the Comptroller, states that " John
Y. Laub was the clerk intended to be benefited
by that provision. T-he first section of an act
approved March 3, 1849, (9 Statutes at Large,
398,) required that all the money received from
customs, public lands, and miscellaneous sources,
be paid into the Treasury. Two new ledgersand
two blotters were necessarily opened in this office.
The additional work fell principally upon the desk
of Mr. Laub, and it was intended, when his com-
pensation was increased, to extend it back to the
commencement of the service, which was July 1,
1849."
Concurring with the Comptroller of the Treas-
ury in his views of the merits and equity of the
case, the committee report a joint resolution for
the relief of Mr. Laub.
The joint resolution was reported to the Senate
without amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading, read a third time, and passed.
FISHING BOUNTIES.
The bill CS. No. 140) reported by the Com-
mittee on Commerce for the relief of the owners
of the fishing schooners Brandywme, Forrester,
Grampus, Ursula, Stephen C. Phillips, and Union;
was read a second time, and considered as in
Committee of the Whole.
It proposes to direct the Secretary of the Treas-
ury to pay to the owners of the schooner Brandy-
wine, of Frankfort, Maine, $331 24 as fishing
