1856.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
145
34th Cong.... 1st Sess.
Affuirs in Kansas—Mr. Grow.
Ho. of Reps.
of the United States, as congressional Delegate of the Ter-
ritory of Kansas-, and that the depositions of witnesses to
prove tbe invalidity of the law under which my election
took olaee, and the illegality of votes cast for me on the
1st dav of October instant, will be taken at certain times
and places, and before certain legal functionaries in the
said paper particularly specified. I am also invited to be
present at these times and places to cross-examine the wit-
nesses ; and am further notified that other notices which I
may receive for the same purposes, signed Dy G. P.Lowry,
Esq., R. Coates, Esq., M. J. Vsrrott, Esq., orG. W. Brown,
Esq., ou your behalf, will be acknowledged by you.
The first remark that I shall make in reference to this
most singular notification is, that, inasmuch as you have
left the Territory, and have designated no place at which
yon can be addressed, and inasmuch as the subject-matter
is of public rather uian of private concernment, I deem it
proper to reply through the medium of the public press.
1 observe that, while you declare au intention of contest-
ing my right to a seat in the Congress of the I lilted States,
you specify no ground upon which to entitle yourself to
enter into such a controversy. By the plainest principles
of common sense and common law, the man who seeks to
drag another before the tribunals of the country is bound to
show that be has a right to be asserted or a wrong to be
redressed. In the absence of such showing, he has no
right to put any man upon tbe defensive, nor to invoke the
instrumentality of the law. You have not alleged that any
rights of yonrs have been infringed by my election, and
consequently, by your own showing, you are precluded
from making yourself a party to such a contest as that in
winch vou seek to engage.
Tbe idea of running all over the Territory for the purpose
of collecting testimony to prove " the invalidity of the law"
under which I was elected is absurd, and betrays a shameful
ignorance of the institutions under which we live. In this
country', the validity of laws is determined by courts of
competent jurisdiction, created for the purpose, and not by
the oaths of wi.nesses, however numerous, intelligent, or
tnithful. The same remarks are applicable to the project
of proving, by oral testimony, the illegality of votes cast for
me on the 1st day of October instant. The legality or ille-
gality of votes is a matter of legal deduction, to be drawn
from the facts of the particular case, and not itself a fact
susceptible of being established by any kind of testimony.
For these, and other reasons which might he assigned, you
will readily perceive that I refuse to recognize you as having
any rights in the premises, and decline giving attention to
the subject-matter of your notification.
If an inconsistency, coming from such a quarter, were
worthy of remark, I would advert to your proposition to
take depositions " before some judge, justice, or other com-
petent person merely observing that, in this Territory,
such officers are the creatures of that law whose validity
you deny.
But though you have forborne to assign any valid reason
for impugning my election, I am not, therefore, ignorant of
the hopes and purposes by which you and your confederates
are actuated. YYlien you came intotliis Territory, instead
of devoting your energies, in good faith, to the discharge of
your otfieialduties, and to preparing the way for the intro-
duction of laws adapted to the condition of society, your
whole time was occupied in fraudulent devices for enrich-
ing yourself, and for so shaping the internal legislation of
the country, as to secure a preponderance to your ow**Vbo-
liuon and Free-Soil party. Some of your peculations were
so grossly immoral and illegal, that it became my duty to
denounce them in the proper quarter, and for them you were
eventually removed from office. For tliis denunciation you
became my bitter personal enemy, and this is one cause of
your impotent effort to have my election annulled.
After many months of needless anarchy and confusion in
the Territory, you at length yielded to the importunities of
the people for the election of a Legislative Assembly, and
issued your proclamation for that purpose, and thought that
you bad taken measures for having an overwhelming ma-
jority of your political allies on the ground. But in this you
were destined to disappointment; and of the thirty-nine
members composing the two Houses of the Legislature,
thirty-eight were your political opponents. This body you
convened at the remote town-site (for town it was not) of
Pawnee, in order that, by making it the temporary seat of
government, and by the expenditure of public money there,
you might be further enriched as one of the owners of that
locality. The place being destitute of houses of all kinds,
even of rooms in which to deliberate, and of all the neces-
saries—to say nothing of the comforts of life—the Assem-
bly, at an early day, adjourned to a place where the wants
of its members could be better supplied. This removal, so
imperatively called for by circumstances, and so fully au-
thorized by numerous precedents,you have chosen to make
the pretext upon which to invalidate the whole code of
laws enacted by that body; so that, if your counsels should
prevail, the people of the Territory would be as much with-
out the protection of law to-day as they were a year ago,
when yon first came among them.
Being thus foiled in all your undertakings, disappointed
in gome of your most hopeful prospects of gain, defeated in
your hopes of having a Legislyure subservient to your
views, and the sword of justice, long suspended over you,
having at length fallen, you moodily retired for the concoc-
tion of new mischief. You are first seen in cenclave with
tbe most rabid Abolitionists of the Territory, putting forth
doctrines subversive of all law and good government, de-
nouncing the acts of the Legislative Assembly, though that
body was elected in pursuance of your own proclamation,
and the members bore your certificate of election, as void
and of no binding force, and pledging yourselves to a united
resistance. Asa part of tbe disorganizing schemes adopted,
and doubtless suggested by you, a mock election was de-
termined to be held on the 9th instant, for a Delegate to
Congress, notwithstanding that the 1st of the month was
the day legally prescribed for that purpose. At such a pre-
tended election, held not only without color of law, but in
open violation of law, you came forward as a candidate,
and I suppose some weak-minded and evil-disposed per
New Series—No. 10
sons may have voted for you. How many, I am not con-
cerned to know, for no numbers could impart validity to a
proceeding so lawless and disorganizing. And it is with a
list of votes thus obtained, taken and certified to by judges
bound by no oaths, and recognizing no law for their gov-
ernment—votes given by persons of no defined qualifica-
tions, and restrained by none of the penalties which attach
to illegal or fraudulent voting, that you will apply to tbe
House of Representatives to vacate my seat, in order to
make room for you. For carrying out so monstrous a pur-
pose, you calculate largely upon the political complexion
of that body, (a portion of which is known to be infected
with the most loathsome heresies of the times.)
I confidently predict that you are again reckoning with-
out your host, and believe that the House of Representa-
tives will regard the mere supposition that it could lend
itself to so revolutionary and high-banded a proceeding, as
a libel upon its character, promptly to be resented. You
may succeed in engendering ill-feeling in the halls of Con-
gress, and in gaining for yourself a sort of notoriety which,
however unenviable, you seem to prefer to the obscurity
which befits you; but other advantages you will not obtain.
In the mean time, you may enjoy the ignoble satisfaction
of having introduced and fomented an amount of discordant
feeling and insubordination to law in this Territory, which
it will require the labors of many better men to repress, and
from which your misguided dupes and followers have every-
thing to fear. For I speak not the language of threat and
bravado, but of sober reason, when I say to you, that the
people of this Territory are determined to have laws and to
enforce them, whatever may be the hazards or the sacri-
fices.
I submitted my name as a candidate, and received the
votes of the law-abiding portion of the people, in conform-
ity to an enactment of the Legislative Assembly of the Ter-
ritory. If there was anything in the constitution or conduct
of tbat body calculated to invalidate its acts, it will be time
for me to refuse obedience when a court of competent
jurisdiction shall have so declared.
I abjure, as revolutionary and destructive of all social
order, the individual to set up his private judgment in op-
position to constituted authority.
As an American citizen, I hold it to be my duty to yield
obedience to the laws under which I live, and to contribute
my aid towards enforcing the obedience of others ; and this
without reference to my individual opinion respecting their
moral force or political expediency. It is precisely because
you are swayed by opposite sentiments that you now seek
to embroil me in a harassing controversy.
In conclusion, I will only further say, that this brief ex-
position is not given as due to you, but to the end that the
attention of the American people, and of tbat House of
Representatives to which you intend to appeal, may be
directed to the. true nature and grounds of the strife you
seek to provoke. And though I shall pay no regard to your
preliminary movements, yet you will find that I shrink from
no investigation, however searching. If the H ouse of Repre-
sentatives shall so far forget its self-respect and its regard
for patriotic duty as to order a scrutiny upon such showing
as you will be able to make, you will find me prompt in the
defense of my own rights and those of my constituents.
J. W. WHITFIELD.
AFFAIRS IN KANSAS.
SPEECH OF HON. G. A. GROW,
OF PENNS VLVANIA.
In the House of Representatives.
March 5, 1856.
The House being in the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union, and having under consideration the
President's annual message,
Mr. GROW said:
Mr. Chairman: Rumors of a prospect of civiJ
war in the Territory of Kansas have reached us,
and filled the public mind with gloomy appre-
hension. The President in his annual message
informed us, that "in the Territory of Kansas
there had been acts prejudicial to good order, "but
neglected, to tell what those acts were; and at a
later day he informed this House by special mes-
sage that there had been " acts, plainly against law,
which now threaten the peace not only of the
Territory of Kansas, but of the Union. It be-
comes the imperative duty of Congress, then, to
inquire into the causes of this state of things, and
devise if possible some means by which to avert
so dire a calamity.
Congress being the supreme legislative power
for the Territories, giving them their organic law,
executive and judicial officers, and prescribing
the mode and manner of the exercise of all their
legislative functions, it is our first duty to see that
the inhabitants thereof are secure in the enjoy-
ment of all the rights and privileges guarantied
to American freemen everywhere under the pro-
tection of the Republic.
The acts which the President regarded as
threatening the peace not only of the Territory
of Kansas, but of the Union, are summed up in
a paragraph of his message:
" Persons confessedly not constituting the body politic or
all the inhabitants, but merely a party of the inhabitants, and
without law, have undertaken to summon a convention for
the purpose of transforming the Territory into a State, and
have formed a constitution, adopted it, and under it elected
a Governor and other officers, and a Representative to Con-
gress;"
all of which he pronounces illegal and of revolu-
tionary character. Sir, the doing of any or all the
acts in this enumeration woi?ld be no violation of
just law or constitutional right; for the people,
or any part of them, of a State or Territory
have a perfect right peaceably to assemble, at
any time, and deposit their votes for any person
they please, with such designation of office as
they choose to affix; and unless they, or the
person so chosen, contmit some overt act against
the Government under which they live, they have
violated no law and are amenable for no offense,
any more than they would be to assemble and dis-
cuss theirgrievances, and petition for their redress.
In Rhode Island, where there was no question as
! to the regularity of the existing government—for
it had existed for almost two centuries—a call
for a convention to form a new constitution was
issued by persons confessedly not constituting the
body politic, and without law, for the purpose of
transforming a charter government into a State.
They formed a constitution, adopted it, and under
it elected a Governor and other officers, and a
Representative to Congress. The members of
the Legislature met, swore to support the new
constitution, and the oath of office was adminis-
tered to the Governor, and his message transmitted
to the Legislature. None of these acts were con-
considered as illegal by the constituted authorities
of Rhode Island; and no arrests were made till
Dorr called out a military force to uphold his gov-
ernment.
j The people of Kansas have thus far done only
what was done in Rhode Island previous to an
appeal to arms. Are acts that are harmless when
performed in a State illegal and treasonable when
Ferformed under like circumstances in aTerritory ?
t was not thought so by the country in the case of
the admission of Michigan into the Union, where
a convention of the people, called without law, ac-
cepted certain conditions of Congress which had
: just been rejected by a convention of delegates
assembled under authority of an act of the Legisla-
ture. But,sir,theundoubtedrightofthepeopleof
! a Territory to call a State convention, without any
; act of the Territorial Legislature or of Congress,
i for the purpose of transforming a Territory into
I -a State, and to elect all the officers necessary to
I administer such State government, has been set-
tled not only by the practice of the Government,
but by the opinion of one of its ablest legal offi-
cers and constitutional advisers of the President.
During General Jackson's administration the
Governor of the Territory of Arkansas addressed
; him a letter soliciting instructions for his guidance
| in case the people of said Territory should
elect delegates to a convention without a law of
: the Legislature, and organize and put in opera-
tion a State government without authority of
Congress. The Governor informed the Presi-
dent that, unless otherwise instructed, he should
feel " bound to consider and treat all such pro-
ceedings as unlawful." The President—for Gen-
eral Jackson, it seems, had not adopted the
( " great principles of popular sovereignty," estab-
! lished by the compromise measures of 1850—re-
! plied, through his Attorney General, B. F. Butler,
■ on the 21st of September, 1835, that
" It is not in the power of the General Assembly of Ar-
kansas to pass any law for the purpose of electing members
to a convention to form a constitution and State govern-
ment, nor to do any other act, directly or indirectly, to
! create such new government. Every such law, even
though it were approved by the Governor of the Territory,
would be null and void."
The people of a Territory have an undoubted
right at any time to call a convention, frame and
adopt a State constitution, and elect all officers
necessary to its action as an independent State,
though it might be a question whether they could
perform any official act as State officers until the
action of Congress, though Michigan enacted
laws and voted for President before she was ad-
mitted as a State into the Union. But the State
, must be formed before her admission; for it is
' States that are admitted, under the third section
j of the fourth article of the Constitution, and not
i Territories. Upon this point, I read from the
