1756
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 24,
ber of the delegation from Missouri on this floor,
and of my colleague, [Mr. Oliver,] whose con-
stituents were more directly concerned in Kansas
matters. As becomes the junior in service of the
members from Missouri, 1 have held my peace
on these vexed questions; but now, once for all,
I wish it distinctly understood—that there may
be no misconception as to the position which I
occupy in regard to this matter—that I am on the
side oif my section, and with my people. I regard
them as having been, in these whole transactions,
" more sinned against than sinning." They may
have done what was not strictly legal, under the
strong provocation to which they were subjected.
They may have done so in the defense, as they
conceived, of their homes, and firesides, and insti-
tutions. I am not prepared to deny that such has
been the case; but I say that the first injury and
wrong had its origin here m this House. It was
first conceived by the free-State men on this floor,
and finally carried out by the free-State men of
the North in the formation of aid societies, and
otherwise. There can be no doubt in the mind
of any unprejudiced man, that a deliberate de-
termination was formed here, during the discus-
sion, and at the time of the passage of the Kansas
bill, to make that Territory free, at whatever
hazard to the peace of the country; and the legit-
imate fruit of that action is the unfortunate con-
dition of things now existing in Kansas, and the
embittered feeling of the people of the northern
and southern sections of the Union against each
other.
Mr. STEPHENS. I wish to say that I am
aware that this general discussion is not strictly
in order upon the amendments of the gentleman
from Indiana, [Mr." Barbour;] but as latitude
seems to have been given to it 
The CHAIRMAN. That latitude has since
been taken from it.
Mr. STEPHENS. I say, since general de-
bate has been indulged in upon this amendment,
I wish to say a few words in reply to the gentle-
man from Indiana, [Mr. Cumback.] That gen-
tleman stated to the House that the object in pass-
ing the Kansas and Nebraska bill was to make
Kansas a slave State. Now, Mr. Chairman, as a
southern man, as a national man, and as afriend
of the Kansas bill, I say, and I believe' I speak
the sentiments of those who voted for it, that it
was not the object of the Kansas bill to make
Kansas a slave State, or a slave Territory. It
was simply to leave the question of slavery with-
out congressional restriction, to be settled by the
people of the Territory for themselves.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio. I rise to a ques-
tion of order. I think the gentleman from Geor-
gia is not confining himself to the amendment
under consideration.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair thinks the
gentleman from Georgia is out of order.
Mr. STEPHENS. Very well, I submit to
the ruling of the Chair; and I hope other gentle-
men will be confined as strictly to the question
under consideration.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I hope the Chair will
confine gentlemen strictly to the question under
consideration, and not make it necessary for
members to rise to questions of order.
Mr. Kknn-ett's amendment to the amendment
was disagreed to.
Mr. QUITMAN. I propose to amend the
pending amendment by striking out that portion
which repeals the Kansas laws, and that portion
which proposes to prevent the United States
troops from being used there.
The CHAIRMAN. Then the gentleman pro-
poses to strike out the whole amendment.
Mr. QUITMAN. No, sir. There is another
portion which speaks about the laws not being
valid. I propose only to strike out that portion
which repeals the laws, and that portion which
prohibits the use of the Federal troops there.
Mr. Chairman, I have no idea that gentlemen
upon the opposite side of the House seriously
intend to append this amendment to the Army
appropriation bill. I do not believe they will
dare to usurp powers not granted to this House
by the Constitution. I have no idea that they
will venture in this political crisis to risk their
fatu upon a proposition, the effect of which is to
destroy the Constitution of the United States;
and therefore I speak thus quietly, without pas-
sion of excitement; for we have got to a period
when it is well for us to look the dangers before us
straight m the face, and be prepared to act, and
not to talk. I say that I cannot think gentlemen
upon the opposite side of the House seriously
contemplate the commission of this outrage upon
the Constitution. What is it ? In the first place
it is to usurp the judicial power of the country,
and to pronounce' the laws which have been
made in Kansas illegal and unconstitutional.
Mr. Chairman, where does this House get that
power? By the Constitution, the instrument under
which we act, that power is given to the judicial de-
partment of this Government. And let me ask gen-
tlemen, does not the Constitution give the President
the control of the Army and the Navy for the pur-
pose of executing the laws ? And dare this House
take out of the hands of the President the power
of performing his constitutional duty, and using
the military power of the country for the pur-
pose of seeing the laws faithfully executed ? Can
you—will you venture, in an appropriation bill,
to usurp both these powers which, by the Con-
stitution, are not conferred upon you ? Yet this
amendment, as it is proposed, in the first place,
contemplates that this House shall, without judi-
cial power, without authority, without knowing
the sentiments of a majority of the legal voters
of Kansas, undertake to set aside the Taws now
in operation in that Territory, by declaring them
to have been fraudulently enacted. Where is
the power, I ask, for this House to sit in judg-
ment upon the laws which any Territory may
have made ? I say again, that it is a usurpation
of power which wc do not possess. I warn gen-
tlemen against such a usurpation. I have too
much confidence in their constituencies to allow
myself for a moment to think they would justify
such a gross aggression upon the Constitution of
the country.
It is a very dangerous experiment to strip the
hands of the President of that power which is
given him for the purpose of causing the laws
to be executed. If the President of the United
States has abused power thus conferred upon
him by the Constitution, let gentlemen come up
manfully and move an impeachment against him.
That is the remedy this House has.
For myself, I agree with my honorable friend
from Kansas. I care not if all the Federal troops
are withdrawn from that Territory. I wish to
see the popular will carried into execution in that
Territory without the use of arms.
Mr. WAKEMAN. Mr. Chairman, I am a
little surprised at the position taken by the gen-
tleman from Mississippi [Mr. Quitman] in the
remarks he has just submitted to the committee.
No individual in this House, who has for a
moment reflected upon the powers of Congress
in relation to our territorial governments, can
entertain a doubt of its entire authority, and its
entire right, not only to repeal and render nuga-
tory every act of the Territorial Legislature of
Kansas, but to abolish the territorial government
itself. You can repeal the organic act of the
Territory. You can strike out one portion of
the territorial laws, or repeal the whole of them.
The most ample powers are vested in us to do it
by the Constitution of the United States. Already,
sir, the gentleman's friends in the other branch
of Congress have declared a portion of these laws
to be null and void. They have passed a bill,
which lies on the Speaker's table. That bill
provides for the repeal of half a dozen provisions
of the laws enacted by the Legislature of Kansas.
If Congress has the power to repeal half a dozen,
they have the power to repeal them all.
The gentleman says that he has not voted for
that bill. I refer to it to show the action of his
friends on this point, and as a complete estoppel
on him in saying that we have not the power to
i repeal those laws of the Territory. If Congress
has the power to declare thoselaws null and void,
they may so declare on whatever ground they
please. Wc arc not called on to give to anybody
the reasons which control our action on any mat-
ter. If we consider these laws to have been made
by fraud and violence, so much the more ought
we to repeal them. If they are unwise and ty-
rannical, so much the more should we declare
them to be null and void.
One word more. It is declared that the amend-
ment is unconstitutional, because it deprives the
President of the United States of the power vested
in him by the Constitution. I would be glad to
have gentlemen point out that portion of the Con-
stitution. That instrument declares that the
President shall be the Commander-in-Chief of the
Army, &c. He has no power to-control or to
direct the Army, except under the statutes of the
United States. Under the act of 1795 he has the
right to call out the Army to suppress insurrec-
tion. It is under that act that he now controls
matters in Kansas. It is an enactment of Con-
gress. It may be repealed. It may be amended.
It may be modified. We do not propose to do
more than to modify it. The amendment to this
bill is merely a modification of that act.
Mr. CARLILE. Is it not the duty of the
President to see that the laws are faithfully ex-
ecuted ?
_ Mr. WAKEMAN. The act of 1795 is to that
point. It has been repeatedly held that the power
of the President is conferred by that act. I refer
gentlemen to the action in the Senate. One of the
most distinguished members of that body said
the power was placed solely on the act of 1795.
It is an act of Congress. The stream does not
rise higher than the fountain. If we have the
right to repeal the act of 1795, then we may re-
peal it in part. We may modify it by a provi-
sion in the Army bill. Let gentleman point to a
single clause of the Constitution that will be sub-
verted by the amendment. We have the most
ample power; and it is indispensable, if we have
a regard for the rights of American citizens in
one portion of the United States and in another,
that we should take the action proposed by the
gentleman from Indiana.
The amendment to the amendment was dis-
agreed to.
Mr. SEWARD. I move to strike out these
words:
" No part of the military force of the United States shall
be employed in aid of their enforcement, nor shall any citizen
of Kansas be required, under their provisions, to act as part
of the posse comitatus of any officer acting as marshal or
dRriffin said Territory."
Mr. Chairman, that portion of the amendment
submitted by the gentleman from Indiana con-
templates rendering nugatory an important part
of the Constitution of the United States. The
refusal on the part of Congress to exercise one of
the active vital powers of the Constitution is as
much in violation of that instrument as an absolute
infraction of it. Congress is clothed with power
to provide for calling forth the militia to execute
the laws of the Union, suppress insurrections,
and repel invasions. The amendment of the
gentleman from Indiana proposes to strip that
power from Congress, or rather it calls on Con-
gress to refuse to exercise a constitutional behest,
and strikes down the power for the faithful exe-
cution of the laws, l put it to the gentleman
from New York, whether he does not stand here,
in advocating this amendment, as an open viola-
tor of the Constitution? I lay down the propo-
sition, that a refusal to carry out any portion
of the Constitution, on the part of Congress,
especially to exercise the important power to
suppress insurrection and repel invasion, is a
violation of the Constitution; and the man who
advocates it is a violator of that instrument. I
ask the gentleman how he can get out of it?
What is the condition of things in Kansas ?
I am opposed to the withdrawal of the military
force from that Territory. Why? Because, in
iny humble judgment, the moment it is done a
civil war will ensue. While I accord to gentle-
men from the North the right to go there, I claim
the same right for the people of the sovereign
State of Georgia. If you repeal these territorial
laws, withdraw your military force from the
Territory, and the conflict comes, who can say
where it will end? I would not, for one, wish
to see a drop of blood shed on that soil. I am
for peace; and deplorable as the state of things
may be which requires the regular army to be
stationed there, still, as much as I deprecate it, I
say, let it stay there to preserve the peace. With
a civil war, in my judgment, this Union must go
to pieces. Gentlemen may talk of it as they
please. The South claim to go there as a free
people, and as equal members of the Confed-
eracy. I submit to gentlemen on the other side,
whether they have not sent armed men there, too,
admitting that Missourians have gone there arm-
ed ? How is a collision to be prevented unless
the United States interpose? Strike down the
