882
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 11,
-amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, read the third time, and passed.
"WASHINGTON INSURANCE COMPANY.
The PRESIDENT. The next bill is No. 169,
for the relief of Josiah S. Little.
- Mr. ALLEN. The bill S. No. 160 has been
overlooked. It is a bill to incorporate an insur-
ance company in the city of Washington.
- The PRESIDENT. It was not considered as
a private bill, and the Chair did not call it.
• - Mr. ALLEN. It is a private bill, however.
The PRESIDENT. Does the Senator move
to take it up ?
. Mr. ALLEN. I make that motion.
Mr. ADAMS. I dislike to make an objection,
but a bill to incorporate an insurance company
is certainly a public matter.
Mr. BROWN. I would suggest to my col-
league on the Committee on the District of Co-
lumbia, [Mr. Allen,] that we had better set
apart a day for District business, and then we can
dispose of this among other bills.
Mr. ALLEN. I have no objection to that.
JOSIAH S. LITTLE.
The bill (S. No. 169) for the relief of Josiah S.
Little, reported by the Committee on Claims,
was read a second time, and considered as in
Committee of the Whole.
Its object is to secure the payment to Josiah S.
Little ot* the sum of #1,000, in full remuneration
for a piece of 3an&.to which he lost title by the
operation of the fourth article of tl^e treaty to
settle and define the boundaries between the ter-
ritories of the United States and the possessions
of her Britannic Majesty, of August 9, 1842.
By the fourth article of the treaty of Washing-
ton, for the settlement of the northeastern bound-
ary, it is provided, that " all grants of land here-
tofore made by either party within the limits of
the territory which, by this treaty, falls within
the dominions of the other party, shall be held
valid, ratified, and confirmed to the persons in
possession under such grants.
In virtue of this stipulation, about seventy-five
acres of improved land, lying in the disputed dis-
trict, and to which the petitioner held a title de-
rived from the State of Massachusetts, but which
was granted, in 1841, by the authorities of New
Brunswick to another party, was confirmed to
the last mentioned grantee, thereby ousting the
petitioner of an otherwise valid title. The ques-
tion of title was litigated in the courts of the State
of Maine, and the property adjudged to the New
Brunswick grantee, on the ground that the treaty,
being the supreme law of the land, overrode all
conflicting claims, however otherwise valid. The
committee thiuk that when a citizen is deprived
of his title to property by the direct and author-
ized action of the Government, ho is entitled to
a fair remuneration. The value of this property
is estimated by several witnesses at from $1,000
to #1,250, and the committee report a bill for the
payment of the smaller sum.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, read the third time, and passed.
REBEC8A HALSEY.
The bill (S. No. 181) for the relief of Rebecca
Halsey, widow of Zcphaniah Halsey, an officer of
the Revolution, reported by the Committee on
Pensions, was read a second time, and considered
by the Senate as in Committee of the Whole.
_ It proposes to direct the Secretary of the Inte-
rior to place the name of Rebecca Halsey, widow
of Zcphaniah Halsey, on the list of revolution-
ary pensioners, and pay her a pension at the rate
of thirty-five dollars per month, from the 4th of
July, 1848, to continue during her natural life.
Zephaniah Halsey served in the war of the
Revolution three or lour years as assistant super-
intendent of the horse yard, an office in the quar-
termastergeneral's department. He made appli-
cation in his lifetime to the proper department for
the pension to which he was entitled under the
act of June 7,1832, as an officer of the continent-
al army; but his application was rejected by the
Commissioner of Pensions on the ground that the
service which he rendered was not of a military
character; that he did not serve in a military ca-
pacity, and therefore was not embraced by the
pension laws.
The fact of Halsey *s service for a period of
more than two years as assistant superintendent
of the horse yard, established by Congress during
the war of the Revolution, is proved beyond ques-
tion, and admitted as established by the pension
bureau.
The committee are not disposed to go so far as
to set aside the decision of the bureau in relation
to the claim for the pension to which Mr. Hal-
sey believed himself entitled, under act of June
7, 1832, of thirty-five dpllars per month from the
7th Marchj.1831, to the 6th August, 1847, when
he died; but in view of the fact that he did serve
the country in the war of the Revolution under a
military commission, in a responsible position,
exposed to all the dangers and hardships of the
bloody struggle for national independence, that
his aged widow now survives, and is a suppliant
for the bounty of Government m her declining
age, the committee think that the spirit of the
legislation of the country in regard to revolu-
tionary pensions and the demands of gratitude
and justice, if not of the letter of the law, call
upon Congress to act liberally and promptly for
her relief.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, read the third time, and passed.
SAMUEL FORREST.
The bill (S. No. 184) for the relief -of Samuel
Forrest, reported by the Committee on Naval
Affairs, was read a second time, and considered
by the Senate as in Committee of the Whole.
By its provisions, the accounting officers of the
Treasury will be directed to allow to Samuel For-
rest two and a half per cent, upon the amount of
military contributions received by him while act-
ing as purser to the United States ship Ohio, on
the coast of the Pacific, during the Mexican war.
This allowance is to be in full compensation for
all extra services, expenses, and losses, during
that period, according to the spirit of the act of
March 3, 1849, " To provide for the settlement
of accounts of public officers and others who
may have received moneys arising from military
contributions, or otherwise, in Mexico."
Mr. ADAMS. I should like to know whether
similar compensation is allowed to other officers
under the same circumstances? I call for the
reading of the report.
The Secretary read it as follows:
The Committee on Naval Affairs, to whom was referred
the petition of Samuel Fori est, a pinser m the United
States Nav>, puiying to be allowed a pcicentage l'or
moneys disbursed by him as special agent on board the
United States ship Ohio, on tiie coasts of Mexico and
California, in L84S, said moneys being derived from 1,4 mil-
itary contubutions" m California, by order of Commo-
doic Jones, have had the same under consideration, and
report:
They find that the memorialist, while doing duty onboard
the United States shij. Ohio on the coasts of Mexico and
Calitoima, m the yc.u 181^, was appointed by Commodore
Jones, then commanding thcsquadion in the "Pacific ocean,
as special agent for the puipose of leceiving and disbursing
money collected at the poit of Mazatlan, in Mexico, and
known as " military contubutions;" that be signed a re-
ceipt for the money iceeived by him from the collector of
the said poi t, holding himself accountable to the commander
of the squadron; that he disbursed the money so received
under the orders of said commander, and to his entire satis-
faction ; that with the sanction and approbation ot said com-
mander, he retained the commission of 2£ per cent, amount-
ing to $1,510 &J) upon the money so disbursed by him, as a
fair "compensation," lor the exha seiviees tendered byhun
under his appointment as special agent, which services in-
volved duties and responsibilities in no way connected with
his commission as purser, but which were "discharged under
the orders of Commodore Jones: that upon settling the
accounts of Commodore Jones at theTreasuiy in 1854^ this
sum of $1,510 82 was disallowed; that memorialist was
unwilling that Commodore Jones should bo charged theie-
vvith, and, m order to prevent Commodore Jones from being
embarrassed by said chatge, memorialist consented to have
the amount credited to the coramodoie, and for the present
charged to himself, he hoping that, upon a proper repre-
sentation of the case, the amount would be allowed under
the provisions of the act of Maieh 3,18-19, entitled " An act
to provide for the settlement of the accounts of public offi-
cers, and others who may have received moneys arising ft mn
imiitaiy contributions, or otherwise, in Mexico." But his
case was not deemed to come stuctly under the provisions
of said act, as will be seen by refeience to the following
letters, although his claim was thought to be just and equit-
able.
Treasury Department,
Fourth Auditor's Office, January 12, 1856.
Sir: At your request J have read the memorial which
you are about to present to Congress for compensation for
the safe-keeping and disbursement of moneys derived from
" military contributions," which were placed in your hands
m the year 1848, by oider of Cbmmodore Jones, then com-
manding the Pacific squadron, and have to state that the
facts therein set foith, so far as the knowledge of this office
extends, are correctly represented. Commodore Jones, m
an account rendered at this office, charged himself, and was
charged by the office, with $61,944 25, which he admitted
to have been paid over by his order to you as his special
agent, by Hugh W. Greene, special collector at Mazatlan,
from military contributions. A large sum having been pre-
viously transferred from the same fund, under similar cir-
cumstances and by a like order, to Purser William Speiden,
and Congress having by a special act granted him a com-
mission of two and a half per cent, for the responsibility
incurred by him in the receipt of the said money, I cannot
doubt that a similar compensation will be allowed to vou.
I am, &c., A. O. DAYTON.
Samuel Forrest.Esq., Purser United States Navy, Wash-
ington, jDistrict of Columbia.
Navy Department, January 12, 1856.
Sir : I do not think your claim comes strictly within the
operation of the act of March 3,1849. I, however, per-
ceive, that in January, 1853, Congress passed an act for
the relief of Purser William Speiden, whose case was, I
believe, similar to yours. It is certainly true that, while m
the Pacific, you were compelled, by the oider of Commo-
dore Jones, to take charge of and dibburse moneys arising
from military contributions. This duty did not strictly
appertain to your office. It was extra duty, not such as you
were appointed to discharge as purser. The care of this
fund, and its correct disbursement, necessarily added to
your responsibility—in truth, you have performed ceitam
services without any compensation. I have not looked at
the question of the amount, but, if I had the authority,!
should certainly allow yon a fair compensation. The papers
in your case are herewith returned. I am, &c.,
J. C. DOBBIN.
Purser Samuel Forrest, United States Navy, Washingtonf
District of Columbia.
Your committee also call attention to the following letter
from Commodore Jones to the memorialist, substantiating
tlie facts set foith in his memoiial:
Washington, D. C., January 16, 1856.
Dear Sir : In reply to your letter of the 7th of Novem-
ber last, it gives me pleasure to state, that while I had com-
mand of the Pacific squadron, in 1848,1 appointed you spe-
cial agent for the purpose of disbuising a portion of the fund
called "military contubutions." As this fund was not
drawn fiom the Treasuiy, and was disbursed upon different
principles, and placed, m a special manner, subject to my
contiol and orders, and, as you did not take charge of it by
Viitue of j'our commission as purser, but, on the contrary,
was compelled by my military authority, and in spite or
yout ptotest, to dischaige the duty imposed upon you; and
as you did dischaige the duty in a very faithful and efficient
mannei—taking much trouble in prepuimgspecial pay-rolls,
and giving me valuable aid and suggestions, and assuming
the lesponsibility of any loss, I thought myself fully author-
ized, undei the instructions of the President and the Secre-
taiy of the Treasury, to make you an allowance of two and
a half per cent, upon the amount disbursed, and you ac-
conhngly retained the sum of $1,510 82 by my sanction;
hut when my account was settled at the Tieasury, m 1854,
this sum was charged against me. You, not willing that I
should remain thus charged, consented to allow the amount
to be charged to you, under the hope that Congress would
grant you relief. YourclaimI think perfectly equitable and
fair, and I earnestly hope it will be allowed.
Very respectfullv, &c., &c., &c.,
THOMAS AP C. JONES,
Late Commanding Pacific Squadron.
Purser Samuel Forrest, United States Navy, Washington.
Your committee also find, that at the second session of
the Thirty-Third Congress, (Statutes at Large, vol. x., p.
740,) "An act for the relief of William Speiden," who
preceded memorialist m this capacity, on the same station,
and who performed the same duties as Purser Forrest,
was passed, allowing him two and a half per cent. " upon
the amount of militaiy contributions received by him,*'
See.
Your committee, under the circumstances of the case,
deem the memoualht justly entitled to a " fair and reason-
able compensation," and report a bill accordingly.
Mr. ADAMS. I am perfectly satisfied.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, read the third time, and passed.
CLAIMS OF MARYLAND.
Mr, PEARCE. There is a bill on the Calendar
which, in consideration of its title, is not consid-
ered by the clerks as properly aprivate bill, though
heretofore it has been considered and acted on as
such. I refer to the bill (S. No. 157) to direct a
reexamination of the account between the United
States and the State of Maryland. It has been
passed over in its order, audi ask the Senate to
take it up now, as the Senator from Michigan,
who reported it from the Committee on Finance,
is in his place. It is the same bill which passed
the Senate at the last Congress.
There being no objection, the bill was read a
second time, and considered as in Committee of
the Whole.
By its provisions the proper accounting officers
of the Treasury are to reexamine the account
between the United States and the State of Mary-
land, as it was, from time to time, adjusted under
the act passed May 13, 1846, entitled "An act
authorizing the payment of interest due to the
State of Maryland." On that reexamination they
arc to assume the sums expended by the State
of Maryland for the use and benefit of the United
