156
Tm CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January S,
Other, or all, of the single ideas of the day. I fear
National Americanism is not to be found in their
political vocabulary, or is not regarded as the
substantial element of success in their ardent
contest for the Speakership proceeding daily on
this floor. This much I feel it to be my duty to
say to gentlemen who are talking of the national
organization of the American party, m Pennsyl-
van la; and, Mr. Clerk, let me say to the gentleman
from the Schuylkill district, [Mr. Campbell,]
that the commercial people of Philadelphia—and
I can speak for a large portion of the American
.party there—are opposed to the agitation of this
question of slavery. Philadelphia, at least, stands
out in her national position as an advocate of the
equal rights of the citizens of all the States ofthis
Confederacy. And this is evidenced by the
declaration of many of the American councils
sustaining by resolutions, which have been pub-
lished in the newspapers of the city of Philadel-
phia, the position of my colleagues [Messrs.
Broom and^Mu.i.ward} in their votes for Speaker
in the contest now going on here. And I say to
these gentlemen, that as far, at least, as the city
of Philadelphia is concerned, they, by their
national position, coincide with the universal sen-
timent of its citizens.
I have no hesitation in declaring that Philadel-
phia, in its length and breadth, will prove itself
eminently national in all its acts, opinions, and
sentiments, and will adhere to that position, sus-
taining, by its great commercial, social, and polit-
ical influence and power, the declaration of the
Sage of the Hermitage, "The Union, it must be
preserved."
And now, sir, the gentleman refers4o the scenes
which took place in the city of Philadelphia in
1844. I had hoped, sir, that a veil would have
been forever thrown over the disgrace inflicted on
the fair fame of my native city at that period..
But, sir, as the gentleman from Alabama [Mr.
Walker] introduced evidence on this floor a
moment ago, so do I now introduce, as a witness
against the American party, a gentleman of their
own, now occupying a prominentposition in then-
own party. The Hon. Edward Joy Morris, my
predecessor 011 this floor, and my competitor at
the last election,—although now professing to be
a representative of the American principles, and
nominated by the American party,—in a speech
which he delivered during a contest between my
immediate predecessor, himself, and myself, sev-
eral years ago, said that the burning walls of St.
Augustine should proclaim their infamy—refer-
ring to the thenNative American organization—to
all coming time. And I will state to you, Mr.
Clerk, that that temple, dedicated to the worship
of the living God, which was thus burned down,
was at least a mile, and probably more than a
mile, from the scene of either of the riots which
disgraced our city in 1844. The people worship-
ing at its altar—except that they entertained a
religious belief obnoxious to tile violent mob
which disgraced our city at that time—had com-
mitted no offense. I might retort upon gentle-
men, by referring to the scenes which took place
recently in Cincinnati, in Louisville, and in New
Orleans, where the ballot-boxes were broken to
pieces to prevent an expression by American
citizens of their opinions how America should be
ruled, but I will not do so. All good citizens, all
lovers of our country, and its glorious institu-
tions, deprecate appeals to the passions of a mob,
which " rules the hour " of madness, and are then
held in abhorrence by even those who have for-
gotten their duty and self-respect by a participa-
tion in them. God knows [Here the hammer
fell.]
Mr. BOCOCK. I have not arisen, Mr. Clerk,
at the present time, to enter into a discussion on
the resolution submitted by my friend from Penn-
sylvania, [Mr. Florence;] neither have X arisen
for the purpose of taking part in the discussion
of the principles of the great American party,
which has cut so distinguished a figure here this
morning. I have arisen for an entirely different
purpose. The honorable gentleman from Ala-
bama, [Mr. Walker,] appearing not to enjoy
quite so much as we did 011 this side of the
House the amusement which was produced by
the manifest harmony and concord of the great
American family, arose for the purpose—as he de-
clared —of showing that the Democratic parly wei e
scarcely more harmonious. And he did succeed
in showing that a little laugh could be produced
at the expense of this side of the House. How,
sir, did the gentleman do that ? He undertook to
establish our want of harmony and uniformity
of faith and doctrines, by citing the authority of
my honorable friend from South Carolina, [Mr.
Keitt.] And, sir, I think—to give the authority
the more point and the more force—he claimed
■that that honorable and distinguished gentleman
is a member of the Democratic party, and a lead-
ing member-of that party. Sir, no man respects
more than I do the talents and merits of the hon-
orable member from South. Carolina, but I take
it upon myself to say—and he will not contradict
the assertion which I make—that he is not claimed
by the Democratic party as a member, nor does
he claim, himself, to be a member of that organi-
zation. He agrees with many of our principles.
He sides with us on many of the important
issues. But yet he does not claim to be a mem-
ber of the Democratic party; and I believe that
when he-made that very speech referred to by the
gentleman from Alabama, [Mr. Walker,] he
was persuading his fellow-citizens of South Car-
olina not to send delegates to the Democratic Con-
vention at Cincinnati.
But, sir, as the gentleman from Alabama has
undertaken to produce authority, and has made
the condition of the Democratic party a question
of authority, I rise for the purpose of introducing
some on our part to counterbalance that which
he has introduced. I shall not cite the authority
of any man with whom the gentleman from Ala-
bama is not acquainted, nor shall I take authority
about the validity of which the gentleman may
raise any question. I refer, sir, to the distin-
guished member from the Mobile district of the
State of Alabama [Mr. W alker] himself. Do we
not all know that he rose on this floor in the early
part of the session, and in a very patriotic speech
said, that the conservative men of this House
ought to unite for the purpose of organizing it;
and to show his appreciation of the soundness of
the Democratic party here, he invited them to
meet the national Americans, and other conserv-
ative men of this body, in friendly consultation?
He was willing to unite with us in consultation
and to cooperate with us . What was that but an
indorsement of the conservative position of the
Democratic party m this House ? Ay, sir, the
honorable gentleman, when he comes to serious
work, cannot help recollecting the old paths in
which he lately found safety, the old party on
which ho lately relied, and the old doctrines which
he, a short time ago, revered. Yes, sir, though
his new love in the beginning may have been
strong, and though he is still fighting under an-
other name and a new flag, yet he cannot help
turning occasionally back in memory to the time
when he was working earnestly, faithfully, and
effectively with the Democratic party, and he
cannot refrain from occasionally rendering them
the tribute of his admiration for their sound and
conservative faith and position.
Mr. WALKER. Will the gentleman 
Mr. BOCOCK. The gentleman will excuse
me; I shall be through in a minute.
Mr. WALKER. I do not ask the gentleman
to yield. I only hope the House will allow me
to reply when he gets through; that is all.
Mr. BOCOCK. Now, Mr. Clerk, one word
more. The gentleman from Alabama [Mr. Walk-
er] referred also to the speech recently made
upon this floor by my friend from Kentucky
[Mr. Cox] over the way, who is now in my eye.
That gentleman did undertake, the other day, in
the course of his remarks, to call forth the testi-
mony of gentlemen on the other side of the
House, bitterly opposed in politics both to him
and myself, to prove unsoundness and want of
harmony m the Democratic party. Yet in that
very speech, in a candid moment, the gentleman
himself [Mr. Cox] admitted that the Democratic
party were sound and conservative, and only
asked that we should make the same admission
for him and his party.
Mr, COX. Will the gentleman allow me to
explain ?
Mr. BOCOCK. I have but a word more. I
say, that having the admission or declaration of
the gentleman from Alabama, and of the gentle-
man from Kentucky, both of them acting in an-
tagonism to the Democratic party, as to the
soundness and conservatism of that party, may
we not claim to offset them against the contrary
statement of my friend from South Carolina,
[Mr. Keitt,] who does not belong to our organ-
ization ? The question as to the relative weight
of these authorities I can safely leave to the hon-
orable gentleman from Alabama.
Mr. WALKER. The object I had in view
at first has been partially attained. It was to
awaken a voice from the old Democracy. I wished
to ascertain, if possible, whether anything like
party conscience was left among them. [Laugh-
ter.] My object was to ascertain whether there
was anything like a spirit of fairness left among
them. My friend from Virginia [Mr. Bocock]
has undertaken a response, and what does it
show ?
" Let the galled jade wince."
The gentleman says that 1 am a credible and
good witness to what he calls the conservatism
of the Democratic party.
And, sir, the honorable gentleman would fain
involve me in an inconsistency. Why., in the
remarks I addressed to the House the other day,
did I use the word conservatism, as applied to
the Democratic party? And, sir, this morning,
what was my object ? what my aim ? I called to
my aid one who is not a Democrat in the tech-
nical sense of that term, but who has been assid-
uously and constantly pulling under the yoke of
the Democratic party and of the Democratic cau-
cus; who has voted, from the opening of the ses-
sion up to the present time, for the nominee of the
Democratic party for Speaker. I cited the speech
made by him at Barnwell court-house, in South
Carolina, not for the purpose of showing that hip
argument was against the conservatism of the
Democratic party, but. for the purpose, as I then
stated, of showing that there was no unity or har-
mony of feeling or opinion in that party. I said
that they had misled the country by substituting
a measure for a principle. I said that your party
had advocated the Kansas and Nebraska bill in
one latitude, because it contained what they called
the great idea of popular or squatter sovereignty;
in another latitude, it was supported for another
and a wholly different reason. And what was
that?
Sir, what is the prevailing southern opinion on
the question of territorial government. Why, I
take it to be this, in spite of the authority of the
gentleman from Tennessee, [Mr. Jones,] and the
equally, in my opinion, unsound and objection-
able opinion of the honorable gentleman from
North Carolina, [Mr. Clingman,] to the contrary.
What, I say, is the prevailing opinion in the South
vipon that subject ? I will briefly state what I con-
sider it to be.
I believe that the Territories are the common
property of the States as co-sovereigns; that to-
these Territories the people of all the States have
equally the right to emigrate, and to take their
property of every kind with them; that Congress
has no power to prohibit the introduction of that
property, whatever it may be; that the people of
the Territories have no power, while in a con-
dition of territorial pupilage; that the Territorial
Legislatures have no power to legislate upon the
subject of slavery; that not until the people of
the State meet in convention for the purpose of
framing an organic law, preparatory to their ad-
mission into the Union as a sovereign State, does
the power to legislate upon the question of slavery
spring into being.
Now, sir, to go back to the purpose for which
I arose. I did admit in the speech to which
the gentleman from "Virginia alluded, (and I am
ready frankly now to admit) the conservatism of
the Democratic party. Yet; sir, when I presented
a proposition by way of compromise, the other
day, to the Democratic party of the House, how
was it received ? It was spurned (though not
in terms personally offensive) by the leader of
that party in this House (I allude to J. Glancy
Jones, of Pennsylvania.) I ask this House,
then—I ask the country, if the manner in which
they received it was not a recognition of the same
spirit of want of confidence and discontent to
which I have alluded ?
Now, sir, what I said was simply this: that I
was tired of this vain struggle; that while I ad-
mitted, to a certain extent, the force of party ob-
ligations, yet there was in my mind, and 1 trusted
always would be, a sense of obligations higher
than those of party. I believed that the country
