146
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[March 5,
34th Cong.... 1st Sess.
Affairs in Kansas—Mr. Grow.
Ho. of Reps.
opinion of the Attorney General in the Arkansas
case:
" This provision implies that the new State shall have
< been constituted by the settlement of a constitution or frame
of government, and by the appointment of those official
agents which are indispensable to its action as a fotate, and
especially to its action as a member of the Union, prior to
its admission into the Union. In accordance with this
implication, every State received into the Union since the
adoption of the Federal Constitution has been actually
organized prior to such admission."
Now, I desire to call particular attention to the
part of this opinion which applies directly to the
people of Kansas; and had it been written ex-
pressly for their case, it could not have been more
applicable. In defining thg rights of the citizens
of Arkansas, he says:
" They undoubtedly possess the ordinary privileges and
immunities of citizens of the United States. Among these
is the right of the people,' peaceably to assemble and to
petition the Government for the redress of grievances.' In
the exercise of this right, the inhabitants of Arkansas may ,
peaceably meet together in primary assembly, or in conven- I
tions chosen by such assemblies, for the purpose of pe- [
titioning Congress to abrogate the territorial government, !
and to admit them into the Union as an independent State.
The particular form which they may give to their petition
cannot be material so long as they confine themselves to the
mere right of petitioning and conduct all their proceedings
in a peacepble manner. And as the power of Congress
over the whole subject is plenary and unlimited, they may
accept any constitution, however framed, which in their
judgment meets the sense of the people to be affected by it.
If, therefore, the citizens of Arkansas think proper to ac-
company their petition by a written constitution, framed and
agreed on by their primary assemblies, or by a convention
Of delegates chosen by such assemblies, I perceive no legal
objection to their power to do so."
But, it may be said that this doctrine will not
apply to Kansas, for there it is merely a-party
of the inhabitants who called the convention. In
all cases the call, in the first instance, must
be by a part of the people; for it would be al-
most an impossibility to get the signatures of all
the inhabitants of a Territory. The call issued
for a State convention in Kansas was in this
form :
. " To the Legal Voters of Kansas:
" Whereas the terrritorial government as now constituted
for Kansas has proved a failure—squatter sovereignty under
its workings a miserable delusion, in proof of which it is
only necessary to refer to our past history and our presen t
deplorable condition ; our ballot-boxes have been taken
possession of by a band of armed men from foreign States;
our people forcibly driven therefrom; persons attempted to
be foisted upon us as members ofa so-called Legislature, un-
acquainted with our wants, and hostile to our best interests—
some of them never residents of our Territory; misnamed
lava pawed, and now attempted to be enforced by the aid
of citizens of foreign States, of the most oppressive, tyran-
ical, and insulting character; the right of suffrage taken from
us; debarred from the privilege of a voice in the election
of even the most insignificant officers; the right of free
speech stifled; the muzzling of the press attempted: And
whereas longer forbearance with such oppression and
tyranny has cease^ to be a virtue: and whereas the people
of this country fiftye heretofore exercised the right of
changing their form of government when it became op-
pressive, and have, at all times, conceded this right to the
people in this and all other Governments: and whereas i
a territorial form of government is unknown to the Consti-
tution, and is the mere creature of necessity awaiting the
action of the people: and whereas the debasing character
-of the slavery which now involves us impels to action, and
leaves us, as the only legal and peaceful alternative, the im-
mediate establishment of a State government: and whereas
the organic act fails in pointing out the course to be adopted
in an emergency like ours: Therefore, you are requested
to meet at your several precincts in said Territory herein-
after mentioned, on the second Tuesday of October next, it
being the ninth day of said month, and then and there cast
yoiu' ballots for members of a convention, to meet at To-
peka on the fourth Tuesday in October next, to form a con-
stitution, adopt a bill of rights for the people of Kansas,
and take all needful measures for organizing a State eov-
t0 the <>f Kansas into the
Under it all the legal voters of the Territory
could participate; and who shall say that a majority
of them did not? The fact that it was necessary
for the pro-slavery party at a later day to summon
armed men from Missouri, is almost conclusive
evidence that a majority of the people of the Ter-
ritory are in favor of the free State movement
But to giveValidity to the action of the people of a
Territory m any act which they have a right to do,
it is not necessary that they should be unanimous,
any more than it is necessary, in order to give
validity to a law of a State, that every voter
should be in favor of it. Majorities, under our
system of government, constitute the people, and
"rn,aCtlon is the action of the people.
The members of the convention were elected at
the same time and by about the same vote as the
free-State Delegate to Congress, and he received
almost three thousand votes at a time when there
was no occasion for illegal voting. Judging by
the census, and the other elections held in the
| Territory, that would be a majority of the legal
voters. If the proceedings for a State convention
were participated in by a party only, how did it
happen that the delegates did not all hold one
sentiment on the all-absorbing question before
them—that of slavery ? Many of the delegates in
I that convention were never suspeeted of being
Abolitionists or Pree-Soilers before they went to
the Territory, and some of them were well-known
to the country as earnest advocates of the Kansas-
Nebraska bill and of all the measures of this Ad-
ministration.
But why was it necessary for the people of
Kansas at this early day after their organization
as a Territory to call a convention to frame a State
constitution? What are the grievances that tlicy
seek in this way to redress? They claim that
under the act of Congress organizing the Terri-
tory they were to have the right to form and
regulate their domestic institutions in their own
way; but, instead of that, a Legislature was
elected by non-residents, the ballot-box seized
by armedoands of men from Missouri, and peace-
able citizens of the Territory were driven by vio-
lence from the polls or shot down in cold blood.
The President has failed, though devoting an
entire message to Kansas, to give us any informa-
tion as to .the mode or manner in which that elec-
tion was conducted, but seemed more anxious to
discuss questions involved in the contested seat
of a Delegate on this floor, and to show, if pos-
sible, inconsistencies of conduct in one of the
officials whom he had appointed to office in that
Territory. We are, therefore, left to rely on the
history of those transactions as they have reached
us through the press and by private correspond-
ence. But that the election was a fraud, and the
Legislature a usurpation imposed upon the actual
settlers of Kansas, is as well established as that
there was an election held; for we have no dif-
ferent or better means of information of the one
than of the other.
The census of the Territory Was taken in Feb-
ruary , and the election was in the following March.
By the census there were but about three thou-
sand legal voters. Yet, at the election about six
thousand votes were polled, while a large number
of residents did not vote, owing to the threatened
violence of the election; and every member elected
to the Legislature at that time, save one, belonged
to the pro-slavery party. Is it to be supposed
that, at a fair election in that Territory, but one
free-State man would be elected to the Legis-
lature out of thirty-nine members, and that he
should be in the district furthest removed from
Missouri?
But passing by the election for members of the
Legislature, I desire to call attention to their of-
ficial acts, for these are the first fruits of pop-
ular sovereignty, as established by the repeal of
the Missouri compromise. Without inquiring
into the validity of that Legislature on account of
the mode of its election, or by reason of its chang-
ing the seat of government to Shawne_e Mission,
the legislation itself is a sufficient justification for
the free-State men of Kansas to appeal, in the mode
they have adopted, to Congress, to secure to them
their rights and privileges.
This Legislature, imposed upon Kansas by
non-residents, has disfranchised a large class of
its citizens, and deprived them of the right of
holding office, or of practicing as attorneys-at-
law in the courts, by imposing, as a condition,
unwarranted oaths to support particular laws of
Congress or of the Legislature, thereby destroy-
ing freedom' of opinion and the right of private
judgment as to the constitutionality of the laws
of the country, which is the birthright of an
American citizen.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. Quote the acts.
Mr. GROW. That is what I propose to <jo.
Ihe voter if required must swear, in addition to
other things, to sustain the fugitive slave law be- '
tore he can vote—an unheard-of requisition to
require a voter anywhere under our form of
government to swear to support any particular
law as a condition to vote; for in most cases
the very object of his going to the polls is to
secure the repeal or modification of such laws as
he considers unconstitutional or unjust. And
every person clected or appointed to office in the
Territory must take the same oath. To be ad-
mitted to practice as attorney in the courts the
applicant must swear to " support the Constitu-
tion of the United States, and to support and sus-
tain the provisions of an act entitled an act to or-
ganize the Territories of Nebraska and Kansas,
and the provisions of an act commonly known as
the fugitive slave law," and to which I under-
stand the court has added all the laws of the Ter-
ritorial Legislature.
The Legislature has appointed'or provided for
the appointment of all officers not already ap-
pointed by the General Government, for terms of
from two to five years, including sheriff's, consta-
bles, justices of the peace, county commissioners,
and election boards. So that there is not an offi-
cer in the Territory of Kansas to-day, of any
kind or description, civil, military, or judicial,
except the thirteen members of the council, who
hold their office for two years, in the selection
of which the people of the Territory have had
any voice, nor can they have under present reg-
ulations till the fall of 1857. The Legislature has
prolonged its own existence by legislative act till
the 1st of January, 185S, so there can be no
change in the laws till after that time. This is
the popular sovereignty that leaves the people
perfectly free to form and regulate their domestic
institutions in their own icay. And under these
circumstances the people of Kansas are assured
by the President that " the constitutional means
of relieving the people of unjust administration
and laws by a change of public agents and by
repeal are ample."
But, in addition to invading the right of private
judgment, and of depriving the people of all voice
in the selection of their rulers,'the Legislature has
struck down freedom of speech, freedom of the
press, and the inalienable rights of men, and en-
acted into law a despotism as galling, if not as
odious, as that of the House of Hapsburg. The
rights of freemen are trampled under foot, while
the right to slave property is shielded and pro-
tected by the highest sanctions of law.
The penalty for advising or assisting an ap-
prentice to run away from his master is a fine of
not less than $20, nor more than $500; but for
enticing or carrying away a slave, death, or ten
years' imprisonment.
For harboring or concealing an apprentice, one
dollar for each day's concealment; but for har-
boring or concealing a slave, not less than five
years' imprisonment at hard labor.
For advising or persuading em apprentice to rebel
against or assault his master, not less than $20, nor
more than $500; but for advising or persuading a
slave to rebel, death.
Kidnapping a free man and selling him into
slavery, an offense that should receive the severest
punishment known to the criminal calendar, un-
less it be for taking life—and I know not as that
should be excepted; for what graver offense
against the laws of a civilized community could be
committed, than to seize a peaceable citizen re-
posing upon its protection, and place upon him
the chain and the manacle, and then consign him
to hopeless bondage—yet the penalty for such
an offense under the laws of Kansas is not to
exceed ten years'imprisonment; while death is the
penalty for aiding or assisting in persuading a slave
to obtain his freedom.
For decoying and carrying away a child under
twelve years of age, in order to detain or conceal
it from its parents, imprisonment not to exceed
five years, or six months in county jail, or fine
of $500, at the discretion of the court. Even the
innocence and helplessness of childhood finds less
protection under the sanction of these laws than
is given to the right of property claimed in the
souls and bodies of men.
A Member. They do not sell the souls.
Mr. GROW. Can it be separated at the auc-
tion block ? Does it not go with the body in this
world's pilgrimage, till it passes the dark valley?
Mr. Chairman, I have contrasted some of these
laws for the purpose of showing what kind of
protection is thrown around the rights of freemen,
compared with that given to a particular species
of property.
