1856.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
I7$f
power of interposition, disobey the behests of the
Constitution, and what becomes of the peace of
the country? Who is to be responsible for it?
I, for one, will do no act which will precipitate
a civil war on the people of the Union, and cause
the shedding of the blood of every section. I am
satiated and disgusted with the whole question.
I would to God it were buried forever. Let the
people of Kansas alone. Let them go to the bal-
lot-box, as the Senate bill proposes, and form a
constitution themselves. If a majority desire a
free State, let it come in free; and my word for
it, the people of Georgia, so far as I know them,
will never open their mouths against it.
Mr. CRA1G-E. I am opposed to the adoption
of the amendment of the gentleman from Georgia,
for the reason that, if this whole amendment is to
, be adopted, I desire that the country shall know
what the majority of this House intend to do.
The first portion of the amendment proposes that
no part of the military force of the united States
shall be employed in the Territory o,f Kansas.
.The latter part, that which the gentleman from
Georgia proposes to strike out, provides that no
marshal or sheriff shall call upon any citizens of
the Territory of Kansas to act as a posse corrvitatus.
In other words, the amendment, as a whole, not
only provides that the military force of the country
shall not be employed, but also that there shall
be no civil officers in the Territory; because, if a
civil officer has not the right to call out the posse
comitalus for the purpose pf aiding in the execu-
tion of process which may be placed in his hands,
it is tantamount to having no officers at all.
I appeal to.gentlemen upon the other side of the
House, what could a marshal or sheriff do, under
the present state of things in Kansas, without
the aid of the posse of the country—without the
aid of the citizens to assist in enforcing; the laws,
when they attempt to enforce process either upon
the one side or the other.
For these reasons I am utterly opposed to
adopting the amendment proposed by the gentle-
man from Georgia. I desire that the amendment
fthall be left as a whole, that we may see to what
extent the majority of the House is inclined to
go in the madness of the hour. I have thought,
heretofore, that the other side of the House did
notdesign to doall that they have proposed in their
speeches to do. But it seems to me now, that
1 they are disposed to produce revolution in their
acts, and inaugurate revolution now; for X hold
that, if this amendment is to be put into an appro-
priation bill, the wheels of Government to be
stopped, and the laws not to be enforced either by
the military or civil power, then revolution has
already commenced, and where it will end the
wisest of us would be unable to determine.
This amendment does not refer merely to the
military power, and, therefore, I hold that the ob-
jection was well taken, that it was not germane
to the subject-matter of the bill. This is a bill
for the appropriation of money for the support of
the Army of the United States, while the amend-
ment is not confined to that object, hut extends
its provisions to the civii authorities of that Ter-
ritory.
Now, sir, a word as to the object of those who
passed this Kansas-Nebraska bill. 1 was one of
the number who gave their votes for it; and when
it is charged that I did it with the purpose of
making Kansas a slave State, I give the charge
an unqualified denial. I desired that all the peo-
ple of the country, those north of 36°30', as well
as those south of it, should have the same rights,
and that is all that was proposed by the Kansas*
Nebraska, bill of 1854.
The amendment to the amendment was dis-
agreed to.
The question recurred upon Mr. Barbour's
amendment.
Mr. GREENWOOD called for tellers.
Tellers were ordered.
Mr. M1LLSON. Before the question is taken
I desire to say a word or two. t move to strike
out of the amendment the words, " by a body
claiming to be the Territorial Legislature of Kan-
sas. "In every bill which has been passed by Con-
gress for the establishment of a territorial govern-
ment, before the passage of the Kansas-Nebraska
bill, there was an expressprovision declaring that
the laws of the Territorial Legislature should be
sent to Congress for revision, and if disapproved
by them they were to be null and void. The
Kansas-Nebraska bill, as reported to the Senate II
originally, contained the same provision; but on '
the night of its passage, and on the motion of the
chairman of the Committee on Territories of the
Senate, which had i-eported the bill, that clause
was stricken out, and another clause substituted,
providing that these laws of the Territorial Legis-
lature should be subject only to the Constitution
of the United Slates, and not to Congress, as
heretofore.
The intention, doubtless, was to grant to the
Territorial Legislature the irrevocable authority
to enact such laws as they might think proper;
but,notwithstanding that, I have no doubt that it
is competent for Congress to revise and annul
the laws of Kansas and Nebraska as they might
do the laws of Minnesota and New Mexico;
and I am gratified that so large a number of my
friends agree with me now in this view of the
subject, as the Senate has recently passed a bill
proposing to annul a number of their laws.
But, sir, while I admit the authority to annul
those laws, I appeal to gentlemen on the other
side whether it is fair—whether it is consistent
with parliamentary propriety, to annul the whole
legislation of a Territory by an amendment to an
appropriation bill, introduced after the close of
all debate? A proposition so momentous, calcu-
lated to lead to such important consequences as
to justify, perhaps, a month of discussion, is
introduced here after all discussion has been pre-
cluded by the deliberate vote of the House.
That, of itself, ought to be a sufficient reason
why gentlemen on the other side of the House
should not vote for this proposition.
But there is another consideration also involv-
ing, among other more important considerations,
the question of parliamentary propriety. It is
an effort is here made to make the passage
this:
of laws necessary for the support of the (Govern-
ment depend upon the enactment of a provision
which it is feared the other branch of the Legis-
lature will not concur in. If it be proper to annul
these laws, let them be annulled by a separate
act of Congress, and then the President cannot
employ the troops of the United States m enforc-
ing them. But you fear they cannot be annulled
by an act of Congress; you fear that the Senate
will not concur in the views of the House. What
do you then propose to do> You will not pass
this appropriation bill unless the Senate agree to
your terms! You refuse to do what you admit
to be right, because you fear that the Senate will
not do what they believe to be wrong. This is
wholiy without justification or excuse, in morals,
casuistry, or legislation. Oughtany man ever to
take the position that he will not do what he
admits to be right, because he fears another will
not do what he believes to be wrong? Willgen-
tlemenon the other sidetake this stand? Without
meaning to question their willingness to dare do
all that may become men and politicians—without
questioning their readiness to dare do all they
believe to bo right—I ask them, can they believe
it right—can they believe that it is consistent with
their representative duties—to take the position
that, because both Houses of Congress will not
concur in the passage of a law which only one
may deem expedient, they will not concur in the
passage of laws which both believe to be neces-
sary ?
Mr. SIMMONS. I should have remained
silent on this occasion, Mr. Chairman, had not
gentlemen on the other side of the House in
various ways insinuated that gentlemen on this
side would not dare to take the responsibility of
putting an effectual estoppel to the action of the
Executive, and of nullifying these laws. Now,
sir, I am one of those who will do all X can, by
votes and other lawful means, to prevent the
Executive from enforcing the laws of Kansas,
and to annihilate them. If they cannot be anni-
hilated without civil war, the party who origin-
ated the difficulties must take the responsibility.
They have commenced civil war, and have thereby
got a temporary advantage. They have driven
out and shot down free-State citizens, and by
squatter law, as they call it, and oSher means,
they have got possession; and now, the Senate
have got up the fine idea of having a convention
there to form a constitution, and to force it upon
the people, without their having anything to do
with it.
Sir. I hold that the whole of the difficulties in
Kansas have arisen from the executive power of
this nation interfering and giving countenance to
illegal acts. They have rather dodged the ques-
tion when they were called on by resolution. to
acknowledge what they have done, for the "reason
that the law is clear. There is no power in the
Executive of this country to use the militia or
army in enforcing the laws, while Congress has
been thirty days in session. The very proposi-
tion to make that restriction came in 1792 from
Mr. Madison himself, as you will find by look-
ing at the Annals. It was never intended that the
Executive should wield the sword of the Gov-
ernment any more than the purse. In Great
Britain, to be sure, the House of Commons has
nothing but the control of the purse. The king
declares war and makes peace. The Executive
does everything: and when he sees fit to make a
great war, and get up a filibustering movement
on Sebastopol, or any where else, he does so, and
the people have nothing to do but to give or to
withhold the supplies. But our Constitution is
different. It is the representatives of the people
here who are intrusted with the sword, as well as
with the purse. The Constitution expressly-pro-
vides that Congress—not the President—shall
have the power to call out the nflhtia to suppress
insurrection and enforce laws. Section two,, of
the act of 1795, is in these words:
" That whenever the ]aws of the United States shall be
opposed, omhe execution thereof obstructed in any State,
by combination* too powerful to be &uppressed by the ordi-
nary ooiiup of judicial proceedings, or by the powers vested
in the marshals by this act, it shall be lawful for the Presi-
dent of the United States to call forth the militia of such
State, or of any State or States, as may be necessary to
suppress such combinations, and to cause the laws to be
duly executed; and the use of militia so to be called forth way
be continued, if nccessary, until the expiration of thirty days
after the commencement of the then next session of Congress."
And the Jlrmy and Navy are to be employed
only on the same terms and conditions, for the
act of 1807 is in these words: " That in all cases
of insurrection or obstruction to the laws, either
of the United States, or of any individual State
or Territory, where it is lawful for the President of
the United States to call forth the militia for the
purpose of suppressing such insurrection, or of
causing the laws to be duly executed, it shall
be lawful for him to employ, for the same pur-
pose, such part of the land or naval force of the
United States as shall be judged necessary,
having first observed all the prerequisites of the law
in that respect.
That is a law introduced by Mr. Madison him-
self, to restrict this executive power to a recess, of
Congress; and when the representatives of the
people assemble, it is intended that they shall
have the control of the sword as well as of the
purse of the nation.
The question being on Mr. Mjllson's amend-
ment to the amendment,
Mr. MILLSON, by unanimous consent, with-
drew it.
Mr. STANTON. I hope the gentleman from
Indiana [Mr. Barbour] will accept this modifica-
tion of his amendment:
Strike out all after the words, " expressly declare," and
insert: „
—■that the pretended Legislature of the Territory of Kan-
sas having been elected by violence and fraud, by non-resi-
dents of the Territory, all laws passed by said Legislature
are hereby declared to be null and void.
Mr. GREENWOOD I submit a question of
order, in regard to the proposition of the gentle-
man from Ohio. I hold that, as this amendment
proposes to nullify all the laws of Kansas, it is
not in order cither to the amendment of the gen-
tleman from Indiana or to the bill.
Mr. WAKEMAN. I send up an amendment
which will accomplish the same object, to be
added to the amendment of the gentleman from
Indiana:
Said lavv«, and every part and parcel thereof, being hereby
declaied null and void.
Mr. STANTON. I accept that in lieu of
mine. w ,
Mr. BARBOUR. I understand there is some
exception to the amendment as offered, and so I
cannot accept it.
Mr. STANTON. Then I rpnew the propo-
sition of the gentleman from New York, [Mr.
Wakeman,] as an amendment to that of the gen-
tleman from Indiana.
Now, one word in relation to the amendment.
