1856;
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
il i
was demanding a proper organization of this
House, and for one I was willing to make some-
thing even like a surrender of party position, and
ask the thinking, the thoughtful, and the con-
servative men—the men who are content with
things as they are, the men who are prepared to
stand by existing laws of the land, and who are
moved by a sense of duty, by every demand of
patriotism, by the reverence which thoy owe to
the past, by the hopes which they should enter-
tain for the future of our country—to meet on a
common platform, making-mutual surrenders, and
banishing for a time to his dark and unholy den
the fell spirit of party, and see whether they
could not, as good men and true, as real patriots,
effect an organization of this House as it should
be, for the sake of the laws and the general peace
of the country.
The gentleman from Virginia [Mr. Bocock]
expresses his regret that I should have loft the
"good old paths in which I have been accustomed
to tread." I beg him to dismiss his anxiety upon
that score. I am walking in the path cut out by
our fathers, and which leads to the Constitution;
a path whereon there are no false lights to blind
me—a path from which I cannot be won to leave
by the ignes fatui which have led others into the
quagmires of partyism.
Mr. COX. I desire to make a personal ex-
planation. #
Mr. READE. With the gentleman's indul-
gence, I would just say a word.
Mr. COX. 1 have but a few remarks to make,
and the gentleman can have the floor when I con-
clude what 1 have to say.
Mr. READE. Very well. I will wait till
then.
Mr. COX. Mr, Clerk, I had no idea that I
would have been involved in this discussion.
My friend from Virginia [Mr. Bocock] rose up,
anil as 1 happened to accidentally pass up the
main entrance, he east a little pebble at me. I am
sure that he did not intend to charge me with any
inconsistency in any assertions of mine; but it
did seem as though lie wanted to place me in the
position of summoning witnesses to the stand
m order to prove a fact which I did not myself
believe. In the course of my remarks the other
day, I did say that! thought the Democratic party
was sound on the slavery question, taking the
resolutions of their caucus as being the expressed
sentiment and belief of that party. But nobody
could have inferred from my remarks on the oc-
casion mentioned, that I was of the opinion that
every member of that party was sound on the
slavery question. By no means. I do not judge
a party by the practice or the faith of sonic of
its votaries. It is an unfair way of reaching the
fact. It is proved, however, by the testimony
which I adduced before the flouse, that the
Kansas-Nebraska act was advocated by Demo-
crats of the North as a measure of freedom. I
brought the witnesses to the stand, and there
was a rattling of dry bones. [Laughter.]
Is it possible that it has come to this, that the
spirit of the Democratic party is in opposition to
the statement, on this floor, of the exact history
of issues in a political canvass? You charge me
with proscription. I w*U not go into a discussion
of that point to-day; but I have not, and never
shall, go so far as to say that the Representative
of any portion of the American people shall not
testify to the points of a political controversy
which has agitated the nation.
Gentlemen in the other end of the Capitol—hon-
orable Senators—have thought proper to allude
to an inquisition that'was alleged to have taken
place here. They, in their statements, only served
to bear out the testimony of the witnesses in this
House, that the Democratic party of the North
took the ground that the people of the Territories
had the right to legislate on the subject of slavery
during their territorial existence, and, by impli-
cation, that it was a great measure for freedom.
I say, again, when a party comes into this House
and presents a resolution correct m itself, that I
am willing to admit the platform is sound; but I
cannot help condemning the hypocrisy of men
who say, " I advocate it on that ground here, but
take another one at home." This is my view of
the matter; and is all I have to say. I yield
to the gentleman from North Carolina, [Mr.
ReadeJ
Mr. READE. Mr. Clerk, I have only a few
words to say to the House at this time. I desire
but to call the attention of the House to the re-
marks which were made by the gentleman from
Georgia, [Mr. Stephens,] in regard to the charge
of religious intolerance against the American
party, simply for the purpose of stating our po-
sition in reference to the subject. And when our
position is known, when there can be no doubt
about it, we may then, at the proper time, chal-
lenge discussion on it, not in the sense of defi-
ance, but in this sense: that on any position we
take, we are willing to meet a manly argument
in a manly way.
I admit, if the charge which is made against the
American party is true in the sense in which it is
made and understood, that it then ought to go
down; but the charge is untrue in the sense in
which it is made and understood. Those, there-
fore, who make it ought to cease to make it, or
make it good. Manliness requires it.
Mr. DAVIDSON. I will, with the gentleman's
permission, ask him a question. If the gentle-
man's so-called American party is not proscnp-
tive, why then did the National Council which
met at Philadelphia reject the Catholic portion
of the Louisiana delegation ?
Mr. READE. I am going to state the position
of the American party plainly and distinctly, not
for the purpose of discussing it now, but in order
that it may be discussed hereafter. I had the gen-
tleman's point in view at the time I put the ques-
tion to the honorable gentleman from Georgia,
[Mr. Stephens,] whether or not, if a man pre-
sents himself to him as a candidate for office, and
avows at the time that he holds religious opin-
ions inconsistent with the freedom and safety of
the country,"he would vote for such a man ? I call
the attention of the House and the country to the
fact that he would not, on that question, give us
even the glimmering light of a dark lantern; that
he would notdo so much as intimate his opinion,
and that he was advised by his friends not to
answer.
Now, for the purpose of seeing what is the dif-
ference between us on this question, and for the
purpose of meeting it fairly, I again propound
the question to the gentleman, or to any opponent
of the American policy on this floor. If a can-
didate for office, or a man in office, avows, or, of
your own knowledge, without his avowal, you
know the fact, that he holds religious opinions
inconsistent with the freedom and safety of the
country, would you vote for him ? Whore is even
an intimation of your opinion on that subject?
Will anybody strike aliglit? [Laughter.] Has
nobody so much as a dark lantern in his hand to
shed a little light on the subject? Tell me, will
you vote for a man for office, or if a man be in
office, will you keep him there, if he has religious
opinions inconsistent with the freedom and safety
of his country? Let the country know that to
that question—a fair one, everybody will admit—
there comes no answer. Gentlemen cannot an-
swer that question; gentlemen are afraid. I do
not mean m the sense of cowardice, but gentle-
men are afraid to answer yes, and go before the
country; they are afraid to answer it any way,
because if they consider it at all, why then they
yield the point that you may consider a man s
religious opinions in voting for him to filFan office
under the Government, although not for the pur-
pose of ascertaining whether he differs from you
or not, for that, sir, I would spurn; much as I
love this country, I would desert it and find a
wilderness, if there be one to find, rather than
live m a country that would put such a test as
that to me. No, sir; my doctrine is the largest
religious liberty. What, then, do we mean; What
is the extent to which we go? It is this, that we
not only feel ourselves ai liberty, but we feel it j
to be a high constitutional duty, to consider a i
man's religious opinions only for the purpose of
ascertaining if he holds any inconsistent with the
freedom and safety of the country, and not for
the purpose of ascertaining whether he agrees
with or differs from us. That is the principle
of our party, as declared in our platform. No
other doctrine has ever been avowed or practiced
upon, and upon that doctrine we challenge dis-
cussion at any proper time.
I do not say this in a spirit of defiance, for that
is not my habit or temper; I am rather timid than
otherwise; but I mean, that upon that principle
we stand, hot under the shaded light of a dark
lantern, but in the full glare of open, day.; We
are for religious freedom—for the largest religious
freedom. The only, sense in which we inquire
into a man's religious opinions is,-as l have said,
for the purpose of ascertaining whether he holds
religious opinions inconsistent with she; freedom
and safety of the country t and if we find that &e
does hold such opinions, then we will vcKe against
him. That is the position upon which we5stand,
and upon which we are willing to meet those who
oppose us. • • 1 ' ' - s
Mr. CTJMBACIC. The question before, the
House is, I understand, upon the motion to
rescind the ten-minute rule.
The CLERK. That is the question. "
Mr. CUMBACK. Well, not being able to see
the application of the remarks of the gentleman
fiom -Pennsylvania [Mr. Florence] or of other
gentlemen to that question, 1 move to lay the
motion on the table.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. GALLOWAY. I move that the House
do now adjourn.
The motion was disagreed to.
Mr. KE1TT obtained the floor.
The CLERK. The Clerk would suggest to
the gentleman from South Carolina, that there
being no question before the House, he can only
proceed by unanimous consent. [Loud cries of
"Hear him."]
Mr. UNDERWOOD. 1 hope the gentleman
from South Carolina will have the unanimous
consent of the House to make his remarks.
[Loud cries of "Agreed !" "Agreed!"]
Mr. KEITT. Mr. Clerk, the gentleman from
Alabama [Mr. Walker] has dragged me into this
rambling discussion; and as I will not allow any
party,—and particularly the party with which I
am cooperating,—even through implication, to be
wronged through me, I choose now to speak for
myself. The gentleman quotes from a speech
made by me last fall before a portion of my con-
stituents, at Barnwell court-house. I will say,
that I advanced no opinion in that speech which
I wish now to retract, and made no statement
which I am disposed to qualify.
The gentleman from Virginia [Mr. Bocock] is
correct in saying that I do not technically belong
to the Democratic party organization. Sir, £
wear no party collar, and never will wear one.
I never will abdicate my individuality, or merge
myself in any party, so as to commit self-abne-
gation. I will support any measure which is
just, wise, and constitutional, come it from what
party it may; and I will resist any measure which
is the opposite to these, however emblazoned it
may be with party insignia, and however authen-
ticated by the stamp of party council. I am con-
tent, sir, to express here my own opinions, and
those of my constituents, which I may legitimately
represent. I advise, gentlemen to some modesty
and circumspection in uttering the oracles of
party. A few years ago you had men who could
speak for party. You had men whose splendid
intellects and lofty patriotism made parties.
Parties were then based upon principles, and
their organization was the breath of these men.
Now, men are the breath of parties. Now, parties
make men; then, men made parties. But those
times are gone, and those great names are only
illuminated with historic glories.
I repeat then, sir, that I cannot be quoted, as
a member of the Democratic party, to show a
want of harmony in its ranks, as I am not strictly
in its organization. I will say, however, that I
have hitherto supported it upon this floor, and I
expect to continue to do so. I have given it my
support, and I shall continue to give it my sup-
port, because it approaches much nearer to the
true policy of the country and the principles of
the Constitution than any other organized party
in the Republic. It is the only party which, in
circling round its mighty orbit, touches the poles
of the Constitution.
In the speech to which the gentleman from
Alabama [Mr. Walker] referred, I condemned
the doctrine of " squatter sovereignty." In my
speech on the Nebraska bill; in 1854, on this
floor, I condemned it. The gentleman from Vir-
ginia [Mr. Bocock] can say whether he approves
it or not? Gentlemen from the North can say
how fared the discussion upon this bill with
them. I will not enlarge upon these points now;
but as soon as the House organizes, I shall take
