1856.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
141
34th Cong....1st Sess.
Affairs in Kansas—Mr. Grow-
Ho. of Reps.
General Stringfellow, in a letter to the Mont-
gomery (Alabama) Advertiser, uses this language
as to the character of the laws of the territory in
reference to slavery:
•• They hare now laws more efficient to protect slave
property than any State in the Union. These laws have
just taken eli'ect, and hare already silenced Abolitionists;
for, is spite of their heretofore boasting, they know they
will be enforced to the very letter and with the utmost rigor.
Not only is it profitable for slaveltolders to go to Kansas,
but potilicaliy it is all-important."
Not content with enacting laws more efficient
to protect slave property than any State in the
Union, they attempt to stifle freedom of speech
-and of the press by enacting that—
" If any person print, write, introduce into, or publish or
circulate, or cause to be brought into, printed, written, pub-
lished, or circulated, or shall knowingly aid or assist in
bringing into, printing, publishing, or circulating within
thisTerritory, any book,paper,pamphlet,magazine,hand-
bill, or circular, containing any statements, arguments,
opinion, sentiment, doctrine, advice, or innuendo, calcu-
lated to produce a disorderly, dangerous, or rebellious dis-
affection among the slaves in this Territory, or to induce
such slaves to escape from the service of their masters, or
to resist their authority, shall be guilty of felony, and be
punished by imprisonment at bard labor for a term not less
than five years.
" If any free person, by speaking or writing, assert or
maintain that persons have not the right to hold slaves in
this Territory, or shall introduce into this Territory, print,
publish, write, circulate, orcause to be introduced into this
Territory, written, printed, published, or circulated in this
Territory, any book, paper, magazine, pamphlet, or cir-
cular, containing any denial of the right of persons to hold
slaves in this Territory, such person shall be deemed guilty
of felony, and punished by imprisonment at hard labor for
a term not less than two years.
<< No person who is conscientiously opposed to holding
slaves, or who does not admit the right to hold slaves ill
this Territory, shall sit as a juror on the trial of any pros-
ecution for any violation of anv of the sections of this act."
[signed] J. H. STRINGFELLOW,
Speaker of the House.
THOMAS JOHNSON,
President of the Couiw.il.
Such are some of the laws of the Territory
of Kansas which the President has announced
must be enforced at the point of the bayonet, if
necessary. The first gun fired by the armies of
the Republic in such a cause would be but the echo
t)f the British musketry in the streets of Boston
on the 19th of April, 1775, and its flash would
light a flame that the floods of the " father of
waters" could not extinguish.
Should a despot of the Old World issue an
edict that any of his subjects who should declare
that he had not a divine right to rule, to imprison
and to kill, should be incarcerated in the dun-
geon, and that any one should be incompetent
to try the accused unless he believed in the divine
right of kings, would not an execration go up
from the heart of civilization deep and bitter as the
waitings of the damned; and his name would head
the infamous roll of the world's Neros, Gesslers,
and Haynaus; yet in the heart of the Republic
American citizens are to-day required to submit
to an enactment in the form of law not less odious.
It is to free themselves from such wrongs, and
that they may enjoy the common rights of Ameri-
can freemen, that the people of Kansas have
.peaceably assembled and formed a constitution,
in order to petition Congress for a redress of
grievances.
The President informed us, in his special mes-
sage, that associations were formed in some of the
States to promote emigration to Kansas, which
"awakened emotions of intense indignation in"
States near to the Territory of Kansas, and espe-
cially in the adjoining State of Missouri.'' Why
this indignation at any effort to furnish settlers to
the Territory, and thus to people the wilderness ?
For the first time in the history of the country has
-any effort to facilitate the settlement of new States
excited indignation anywhere. But the prayer
of the patriot and the philanthropist has ever fol-
lowed the hardy pioneer, as he ^ent forth to
subdue the forest and convert the lair of the wild
beast into a home for civilized man.
But the reason assigned for the special indig-
nation of the people of Missouri is, that their
■" domestic peace was the most directly endan-
gered. " Sir, how could the domestic peace of
•any section of this Union be endangered by build-
ing up new States in the wilderness, and covering
its desert waste with the homes of civilized men?
Though the President failed to give us that in-
formation, General Atchison has, in a letter to
the Atlanta (Georgia) Examiner, dated Platte
City, December IS, 1855;
" Kansas and Missouri have the same latitude, climate,
and soil, and should have the same institutions. The.peace
and prosperity of both depend upon it. Kansas must have
slave institutions, or Missouri must have fret institutions—
hence the interest the " border ruffians" take in Kansas
affairs.
" If the settlement of Kansas had been left to the laws
which govern emigration, it would have been a slave Terri-
tory as certainly as Missouri is a slave State; but inasmuch
as those laws have been violated and perverted by the force
of money, and a powerful organization in the North and
East, it Incomes the South ' to be up and doing,' and to
send in a population to counteract the North.
" Let your young men come forth to Missouri and Kansas!
Let them come well termed, with money enough to support
them for twelve months, and determined to see this thing
out! One hundred true men will be an acquisition. The
more the better. I do not see how we are to avoid civil
war; come it will. Twelve months will not elapse before
war—civil war ofthe fiercest kind—will be upon us. We
are arming and preparing for it. Indeed, we of the border
counties are prepared. We must have the support of the
South. We are fighting the battles of the South. Ourinsti-
tttUons are at stake. You far southern men are now out of
the naive of the war, but, if we fail, it will reach your own
doors, perhaps your hearths. We want men, armed men.
We want money—not for ourselves, but to support our
j friends who may come from a distance."
j Is the domestic peace of Missouri endangered,
. then, by an effort to make Kansas a free State ?
! Are the institutions of Missouri and the South
staked on the issue whether a free State shall join
a slave State on the west? Then the only vital
question in the politics of the day is freedom or
slavery to Kansas; for its destiny is to shape and
control that of all the territory west of it to the
Pacific. For, with slavery established in Kansas,
its institutions, as well as those of the South, will
be just as insecure with a free State on its western
border as would be Missouri with Kansas free.
The moving cause, it seems, then, for abrogating
the restriction on slavery in this vast territory,
once consecrated to freedom, was to plant upon
its virgin soil the institutions of human bondage,
so that the domestic peace of the southern States
| might not be endangered.
! The repeal of the Missouri compromise was,
from its inception, a conspiracy against freedom.
The moving cause that abrogated this time-hon-
ored restriction was to secure the introduction and
establishment of slavery^so as to prevent, if pos-
sible, a free State bordering a slave State on the
west. F3r but one Territory was needed for all
purposes of fair settlement;and such was the form
of the bill first introduced. Yet it was afterwards
divided without any apparent reason, unless it
was to enable slavery the more easily to make its
conquest.
| Why was Kansas intrenched and hemmed in
entirely by the State of Missouri, and restricted
to a small area compared with Nebraska, with
an imaginary line for its northern boundary,
when the Platte river, a few miles further nortn,
was the great natural boundary that should have
divided the two, if a division was to be made?
Was it because that would bring a part of Kansas
opposite Iowa, so that freemen could reach the
Territory without the necessity of passing through
a slave State ? Why was the clause always be-
fore inserted in every territorial bill since the
formation of the Government, requiring the laws
of the Territory to be submitted to the super-
vision of Congress, omitted in this ? Then, when
the time comes for electing the Legislature, which
is, of course, to give shape, by its action, to the
institutions of the infant State, it is secured to
slavery by an invasion of non-residents, and then
follows the legislation to which I have referred:
a series of acts, all pointing, from the first, to the
consummation of one object—the fulfillment of
the prophecy of General Atchison, made in the
Senate ofthe United States, that if the Missouri
compromise was repealed Kansas would be a
slave State. And he has insisted upon that
opinion from that day to this.
In addition to all this, the Secretary of the
Territory, who is required by act of Congress to
transmit ''one copy of the laws and journals of
the Legislative Assembly within thirty days after
the end of each session, and one copy of the
executive proceedings and -official correspondence
semi-annually," to the President, and copies of
the laws to the Senate and House of Representa-
tives, to be deposited in the libraries of Con-
gress, has neglected entirely to send the Jaws
to Congress, or to furnish the President with the
executive proceedings. If so, the President has
not transmitted them to the Senate, in answer to
their call for them, and has not answered a call
made by this House more than three weeks since.
So I take it for granted that they have not been
furnished by the secretary of the Territory, as
required by law. So, no information of the
doings of the Territory reaches us officially till a
late day, and then we are furnished only such
part as the officials choose to give. But this neg-
lect on the part of one of the officials of the Ter-
ritory is passed by unnoticed by the President,
while he removes other officers for alleged dere-
liction of duty. Now, if the gentleman from
Virginia [Mr. Smith] wishes it, I will yield to
him.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I do not desire to
interrupt the gentleman at this point; I merely
made the remark—rather sub rosn than otherwise
—that I did not understand why the gentleman
should complain of the Secretary of the Territory
for failing to put the House and the country in
possession of the territorial laws, when I found
him using those laws and arguing upon them. I
thought it was rather unnecessary fault-finding.
Mr. GROW. I suppose,then, Mr. Chairman,
that it would not be necessary for the officials of
the Government to do their official duty because
the information they might communicate could be
obtained in some other way. I take it for granted
that, when the organic law requires an officer of
the Territory to do a certain duty, you have a
right to complain if he fails to perform that duty,
even though you may obtain the information by
some other means.
But to return from the digression into which I
have been drawn by the gentleman's remark.
It seems, then, that but one ohject has actuated
this whole movement, from the inception of the
repeal of the Missouri compromise,and that has
been to supplant free labor and free institutions,
in order to establish slavery on the soil of Kansas.
Why are men brought there face to face with
the bayonet in their hands and deadly hostility
in their hearts ? Governor Shannon, in his dis-
patch to the President, giving an account of the
troubles at Lawrence, says:
" The excitement increased and spread, not only through-
out this whole Territory, but was worked up to the utmost
point of intensity in the whole of the upper portion of
Missouri. Armed men were seen rushing from all quarters
towards Lawrence, some to defend the place and others to
demolish it."
"Men rush with arms to demolish it!" From
where? The State of Missouri. What interest
has Missouri in enforcing the laws of Kansas
more than the State of Ohio, or Virginia? Gen-
eral Atchison tells us: Slave institutions for Kan-
sas or free institutions for Missouri. Slavery in
Kansas secures slavery forever in Missouri.
This is the motive which brings from Missouri
men to preserve law and order in Kansas. From
the description in another part of this letter, the
" law and order " that sucn men would preserve
is like the protection the wolf would give the
lamb. In another part of the dispatch he says:
" I found in the camp at Wakarusa a deepand settled feel-
ing of hostility against the opposing forces in Lawrence, and
apparently a fixed determination to attack that place add
demolish it and the presses, and take possession of their
arms.
" To issue an order to the sheriffto disband his posse, and
to Generals Richardson and Strickler to disband their
forces, would have been to let loose this large body of men,
who would have been left without control tp follow the
impulse of their feelings, which evidently was to attack and
disarm the people of Lawrence."
Those are the men who go forth to enforce law
and order, anVto preserve peace and quiet in one
of the Territories ofthe Union. They come for
what?^ To demolish a town, to burn its houses,
and drive out its citizens from their homes at the
point of the bayonet.
Why is Missouri fighting the battles ofthe South;
and how are her institutions at stake in the issue
of slavery or freedom in Kansas ? The capital
invested in any one kind of property has always
a common interest, and is moved by a common
motive. The three million slaves in the South, at
an average price of $500 each, makes a capital of
$1,500,000,000. But, in addition, it is the same
interest that owns the landed and personal prop-
erty ; so that the moneyed interest of the South that
