1856.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
883
States, and the sums refunded and repaid by the
United States to that State, and the times of pay-
ment as being correctly stated in the account, as
it has heretofore been passed at the Treasury
Department. In the calculation of interest due
tinder the act, the following rules are to be ob-
served: Interest is to bo calculated up to the time
of any payment made. To this interest the pay-
ment is to be first applied, and, if it exceed the
interest due, the balance is to be applied to di-
minish the principal. If the payment fall short of
the interest, the balance of interest is not to be
added to the principal so as to produce interest.
Second interest is to be allowed the State of
Maryland on such sums only on which that State
either paid interest or lost interest by the transfer
of an interest bearing fund. If upon such reex-
amination of the account and application of these
rules, any money shall be found to be due to the
State of Maryland, it is to bo paid.
Mr. ADAMS. I do not know that I can ob-
ject to this bill, though I should be better satisfied
with it if it simply provided that the Government
should make indemnity for whatever the State of
Maryland lost in consequence of the payment
being made from a fund bearing interest. If it
simply made that provision, I should be perfectly
satisfied. I do not know that I shall make objec-
tion to it. I understand that the object of this bill
is to secure to the State what she lost by pay-
ments which she made from a fund bearing in-
terest. By this mode of computation, the pay-
ment of Maryland may exceed that.
Mr. PEARCE. No, sir.
Mr. ADAMS. If it does not exceed it, I
think it right and proper that it should be paid.
Mr. STUART. Before repoiting this bill, I
examined the question very carefully, and I am
satisfied that the ball will carry out precisely what
the Senator from Mississippi desires. The ob-
ject of placing it in this definite shape was to
obviate a difficulty which had occurred at the
Department. The bill will precisely effect the
object of the Senator.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, read a third time, and passed.
MICHAEL NASH.
The bill (S. Wo. 185) for the relief of Michael
Nash, of the District of Columbia, was read the
second time, and considered as in Committee of
the Whole.
Its purpose is to appropriate $776 50 to Michael
Nash, as additional compensation for services
rendered as assistant superintendent of the peni-
tentiary of the District of Columbia from August
17, 1841, to March 7, 1849.
The memorialist was appointed in June, 1840,
as a guard at the penitentiary of the District of
Columbia, at a compensation of §550 per annum.
Soon after liis appointment, at the suggestion of
the inspectors, he was taken from his position on
the walls and assigned to duty as superintendent
of the convict shoemakers, being himself a prac-
tical shoemaker. It appears from the statements
of several successive wardens, that this duty was
much more laborious and responsible than that
of a guard, and, in their opinion, entitled to at
ieast $100 per annum higher pay, which increase
of pay was allowed to his successor, and has
been continued since. The several wardens under
whom Mr. Nash served certify to the fidelity and
diligence with which he performed the duty as-
signed him, and say that the pay allowed was an
inadequate compensation for the service rendered,
and that, in their opinion, he is justly entitled to
the additional pay asked for, and which hasheen
paid to his successors. Concurring in this opin-
ion, the committee report a bill for his relief.
The bill was reported to the Senate without,
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, read the third time, and passed.
CEZAIRE WALLACE.
The bill (S. No. 191) for the relief of Cezaire
Wallace, of the parish of Bossier, and the State
of Louisiana, reported by the Committee on Pri-
vate Land Claims, was read a second time, and
considered by the Senate as in Committee of the
Whole.
It proposes to confirm Wallace in his claim to
the two tracts of land, each containing six hun-
dred and forty acres, lying in the State of Lou-
isiana, and within the limits of the late Neutral
Territory, which claims were founded on inhab-
itation and cultivation, and report'ed for confirm-
ation by the register and receiver of the south-
western district of Louisiana, in their report,
dated November 1, 1844, in conformity to the
provisions of the act of Congress, approved
March 3,1833, and the act supplementary thereto,
approved May 26, 1854, those claims being num-
bered, respectively, 34 and 56, and embraced in
the third class of the report. This confirmation
is not to be construed to extend further than a
relinquishment of title on the part of the United
States.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, read the third time, and passed.
MICHIGAN LAND CLAIMS.
The PRESIDENT. The next private bill on
the calendar is S. No. 170.
Mr. BENJAMIN. The Chair has passed over
the bill No. 192, which is in reality a private bill.
The PRESIDENT. Does the Senator move
to take up that bill'
Mr. BENJAMIN. Yes, sir.
The motion was agreed to; and the bill reported
from the Committee on Private Land Claims,
(S. No. 192,) appointing commissioners to ascer-
tain certain facts relative to private land claims in
the State of Michigan, was read the second time,
and considered as in Committee of the Whole. '
It proposes to appoint the register and receiver
of the land office at Detroit, commissioners to as-
certain, under the direction of the Commissioner
of the General Land Office, what titles to lands
lying within the Territory of Michigan were con-
firmed by the former commissioners in their sev-
eral reports to the Secretary of the Treasury,
which are not covered by any act of confirmation
of Congress, and for which patents have not been
issued.
Within two years from the passage of the bill,
these commissioners are to furnish a certified
transcript of the proceedings and the evidence,
together with their opinion upon the merits of
each particular case submitted to them, to the
Commissioner of the General Land Office, who is
to lay the same before Congress, with his recom-
mendation thereon.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, road the third time, and passed.
RICHARD ALBRITTON.
The bill introduced by Mr. Slidell, (S. No.
170,) for the relief of Richard Albritton, was
next considered as in Committee of the Whole.
Its object is to allow Albritton to locate, free of
oost, six hundred and forty acres of land upon
any of the public lands belonging to the United
States, subject to private entry, at the minimum
price. The location so made is to be in full com-
pensation for a private land claim for six'hundred
and forty acres, reported for confirmation by
James O. Crosby, commissioner, under date of
June 7, 1813, and confirmed by the act of Con-
gress approved March 3, 1819.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, read the third time, and passed.
JOSEPH WANDESTRAND.
The bill reported from the Committee on Pri-
vate Land Claims, (S. No. 193,)to confirm Joseph
Wandestrand in his title to certain lands, was
read a second time, and considered as in Com-
mittee of the Whole.
It proposes to confirm Wandestrand in his title
to sections fifty-five, fifty-six, and fifty-seven, in
township twelve south, of range ten east, (east
of the Mississippi river,) in the southeastern dis-
trict of Louisiana. This confirmation is only to
be a relinquishment on the part of the United
States, and is not to prejudice, or in any way
affect, the rights of third persons.
The petitioner and those under whom he claims
have inhabited and cultivated the wholo or a part
of the tract of land in question from the year
1745 down to the present time. From a deed
dated the 7th of April, 1745, it appears that the
grantors had then been in possession of this land
" more than twenty years prior to that date.'5
The petitioner shows a regular chain of title to
himself from the first occupants and owners of
the lands, who were Joseph Debreuil Villars and
Maria Paynes, his wife. Several affidavits ac-
cotapany the papers, which establish the owner-
ship, inhabitation, and cultivation of the lands
here asked to be confirmed to one Auguste Cha-
vaune, one of the intermediate grantees'; who
purchased the same in 1781, and continued so to
own, occupy, and cultivate the lands down to the
time he disposed of them in February, 1811.-
The petitioner was among the numerous per-
sons who believed their titles to be perfect to those
lands, which had been transmitted by deeds of
conveyance for half a century prior to the cession
of the Louisiana Territory, and therefore he did
not present his claim to the board of commis-
sioners appointed to adjust the private land claims
in the State of Louisiana.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, read the third time, and passed.
JOSEPH SMITH.
The bill reported by the Committee on Private
Land Claims, (S. No. 194,) for the relief of Joseph
Smith, was read the second time, and considered
as in Committee of the Whole.
It proposes to authorize Joseph Smith to locate,
free of cost, one hundred and sixty acrcs of land,
according to the legal subdivisions, on any of the
public lands of the United States subject to pri-
vate entry, in lieu of a location made by him in
Kalamazoo land district, in the State of Michi-
gan, as assignee of military land warrant No.
55,099, which location was canceled by the Com-
missioner of the General Land Office.
On the 28th of April, 1849, a bounty land war-
rant was issued to William Hill, a private in
Captain Wittenmeyer's company, in the first
regiment of Michigan volunteers, in the war
with Mexico. Prior to the issuing of the war-
rant, on the 2d of August, 1848, Hill departed
this life, leaving no wife or children, or relatives,
as appears from the certificate of the judge of the
probate court for Cass county, Michigan. Hill,
at the time of his decease, was indebted for ex-
penses incurred during his last sickness in tho
sum of about $120, and left no personal property
for the payment of the indebtedness. On the 5th
of October, 1848, Charles S. Clowes was duly
appointed administrator of the estate of Hill,
who, on the 15th of December, 1849, under the
order of the probate judge, sold and assigned the
warrant to Joseph Smith, and applied the money
thus realized to the liquidation of the indebtedness
of Hill and expenses of administration. He
located the warrant, but the location was can-
celed.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, read the third time, and passed.
WILLIAM B. TROTTER.
The next private bill on the Calendar was the
bill, (S. No. 195,) reported from the Committee on
Indian Affairs, for the relief of William B. Trotter,
which was read the secoild time, and considered
as in Committee of the Whole.
It proposes to direct the Secretary of the Treas-
ury to pay to William B. Trotter, of Clarke
county, Mississippi, §1,680, in full of all demands
of his growing out of the •emigration and sub-
sistence of Choctaw Indians in the State of Mis-
sissippi, in 1831, under a contract with the United
States.
The United States obliged itself, by a treaty
with the Choctaw Indians, in 1830, to remove tho
Choctaw people from the lands which they then
occupied m the State of Mississippi, to other lands
which had been set apart for them in the West.
In pursuance of this obligation, the Government
through its agent, George S. Gaines, Esq., con-
tracted with the petitioner to subsist a party of
thirteen hundred and thirty-two Indians while
they should be on their way from the rendezvous
to rearl river, at the rate of six cents per ration.
The party set out on October 26, and reached its
destination on November 12, 1831. It is shown
by the official certificate of the assistant emigrat-
ing agent, and by the vouchers filed, that fhe
petitioner executed his contract according to its
stipulations.
The petitioner complains that he was grossly
misled by representations made to him as to the
quantity and price of provisions in the country
through which he was to pass. It is incredible
that any man should agree to sell an article nt six
