us
THE 'CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 5,
an early occasion to present my views upon
these various questions.
Mr. BROOKS, Will my colleague allow me
to ask him—and I do it in the way of a sugges-
tion—if he does not approve of the principles of
the resolution of the Democratic caucus, and of
the President's message ?
Mr. KEITT. I do most cordially. I thank my
colleague for the inquiry, as it enables me to
take up the glove so courteously thrown down
by the gentleman from North Carolina, [Mr.
Reabe.] I say to him that,in my judgment, his
party—that is, the American or Know Nothing
party—is guilty of civil and religious persecution.
This I will show. The Know Nothing party
binds its members, I understand, to vote against
all members of the Roman Catholic church. Is
not this making a religious test? and are not reli-
gious tests prohibited by the Constitution ? Let
us examine this.
"What is suffrage ? It is a political contrivance
to collect and express the public opinion and
public will. Is the right of suffrage a natural or
a conventional right? It is the latter, beyond a
doubt. If so, from what do you get it? From
your organic law. Now as you get it from your
organic law, it is, of course, given with all the
limitations and conditions imposed by the funda-
mental law. What does that say? Why, that
there shallbe no religious test. The clause grant-
ing suffrage, and the clause prohibiting religious
tests, mustbe construed in accord with each other.
Thus the organic law imposes a restriction upon
tile exercise of suffrage; and whoever makes
religious tests violates that constitutional restraint.
But it has been argued that the Know Nothing
party does not contemplate the enactment of a
law excluding Roman Catholics and naturalized
foreigners from all offices. If this result is ac-
complished through the agency of the ballot-box,
will it not be as violative of the Constitution as
if achieved through positive enactments ? If,
through an instrumentality put into your hands
by the organic law, you accomplish the subver-
sion of the latter, is it not as violative of all ob-
ligation and duty as if you circumvented it by a
positive statutory provision ? To give an exam-
ple: The President of the United States is under
the obligations of the Constitution, just as any
voter is. If he were to declare that he would
bestow office upon no one who is a member of
the Roman Catholic church, simply because he
was a Catholic, would it not be making a reli-
gious test? Clearly so. How would this be so?
By determining the qualifications for office and
station according to the religious convictions of
the candidate. The same is true of naturalized
foreigners; yet, in this instance, the circumven-
tion of the Constitution would be without any
positive law.
In answer to this view of the question, it has
been said that the voter may vote as he pleases.
Within the limitations imposed by the Constitu-
tion, State and Federal, he may vote as he chooses;
but if he votes over and against those limitations,
he is guilty of legal or moral wrong. Though
no specific penalties may have been defined, and
no legal tribunal instituted to enforce them, yet
the wrong is not the less clear and disastrous.
This argument also implies an absolute and un-
qualified right of property in suffrage. If this
right exists, why cannot the vote be sold? It
will be answered; because the law prohibits.
Exactly so; but this proves that the right is a
qualified one—that there are restrictions upon its
exercise. This is all I contend for. 1 contend
that the right of suffrage is a political or qualified
right; that it must be exercised in conformity to
the limitations of the Constitution; and that the
fundamental limitation is, that it shall not be so
used as to make religious tests. Suffrage is a
qualified political right, given to individuals in
correlation to public duty, and the latter reacts
upon the former.
At this point I may answer an inquiry put
by the gentleman from North Carolina, [Mr.
Reade.] He inquires, "if we would vote for
any one hostile to civil liberty and the Constitu-
tion?" I answer him frankly, that I would not.
But he docs not put the question fully. Does he
believe (hat every member of the Roman Cath-
olic church is hostile to civil liberty and the Con-
stitution? If so, does he believe them to be thus
hostile to them because of their religion? If he
does not believe both of these propositions, then
he cannot shelter himself behind his implication.
If there be any number of Roman Catholics in
this country who are true to the Constitution
and civil liberty, then the Roman Catholic re-
ligion does not make its votaries false to their
civil duties and obligations, and their political
proscription must be because of their religious
faith. Thus, in this event, the gentleman makes
a religious test. Nor will he fare better on the
other horn of .the dilemma. If he alleges all
Roman Catholics to be hostile to civil liberty be-
cause of their religious creed, he pronounces
sentence against the Constitution, and takes
issue with the sages and founders of the Repub-
lic. The Constitution declares that there is no
incompatibility between republicanism and the
Roman Catholic religion; and the sages of the
Republic believed that Catholics might be as
loyal citizens as the followers of any other faith.
If the gentleman believes this provision in the
Constitution to be unwise, he should strive to
amend it in the way provided in that instrument
itself. While it exists, it is the law, and dis-
obedience to it is the "higher law."
I pass now, sir, from this branch of the in-
quiry of my colleague. He asks me, also, if I
approve of the President's message. I do ap-
prove of it, most emphatically. It is a bold, wise,
and statesmanlike document, and should com-
mend itself to the sanction of the public judg-
ment. In this connection, too, I will say, that
while I am opposed to the representation of my
State in the Democratic nominating convention
at Cincinnati, if President Pierce is the nominee
of the Democratic party, I will cheerfully and
cordially support him, and I doubt not my State
will do so. I think he has high claims upon the
party; and in this I believe 1 but express the
judgment of the people of South Carolina.
My object, Mr. Clerk, was to define my own
position. 1 will add, however, that I believe the
Democratic party is, to-day, purer, and truer to
the Constitution, than it has befen for years. It
has passed thiough fire and water, and many of
its impurities have been consumed or washed
away. It has the smell of fire upon its garments,
and while it moves on in the historic track of the
founders of the Republic, Ishall bid it God speed!
Many of the halt, and lame, and blind have
fallen by the way; had this fate overtaken all
such, it would have been better.
The gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. Camp-
bell] says that the Democratic party came into
this Hall two years ago upon the crested wave
of popular power; and he asks, where is it now?
Ho says it is a feeble and scanty band, clinging
to its broken altars. Why feeble and scanty?
Because it has been much more friendly to the
South, and truer to the Constitution, than either
of the other parties. Clinging, says the gentle-
man, to its broken altars! Why, sir, to what
else should it cling? While Abolition fanaticism
is sweeping over the free States, prostrating the
guarantees of the Constitution, and tearing down
the remaining pillars of our republican edifice,
where should the Democratic party be, but within
the sacred precincts, fighting down the foe?
While the lust of northern domination and Free-
Soil prdf)agandism is driving the chariot of sec-
tional power ever the remains of the Constitu-
tion, to what should the Democratic party cling
but to those altars, reared by the founders of the
Republic? If it be true to the Constitution, and
steadfast in the faith of the fathers, let it bind
itself to the horns of the altar; and as the angel
descended to rescue the son of the patriarch even
from the uplifted knife, so may the genius of the
land stoop down to rescue it from the gleaming
dagger of the fusion cohorts.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. The gentleman
from South Carolina [Mr. Keitt] has said that
the Democratic party is sounder now than it has
ever been. This is unquestionably true, if the
gentleman's idea of soundness be correct. I have
no doubt that the true doctrine of the Democratic
party is—because the doctrine of the South will
be the doctrine of the Democratic party—that it
is not competent for Congress, that it is not com-
petent for the people of the Territories, that it is
not competent for both combined, to declare that
slavery shall not exist within the Territories of
the United States.
The next doctrine of the Democratic party will
be—because it will be the doctrine proclaimed by
the South, as, indeed, it is the doctrine she in
part holds now—that the people of a Territory,
even when they come to form a State constitu-
tion, cannot declare that slavery shall not exist
in such State so formed. And, sir, let me say,
it is a little difficult to understand how it is that
the people of a Territory may have the power,
when they come to form a State constitution, to
decide whether or not slavery shall exist, and
still not have such power in their legislative
capacity before that time.
The next doctrine of the Democratic party will
be, that it is incompetent forthe States themselves,
under their respective constitutions, to exclude
slavery, because that would be inconsistent with
the great doctrine of equality of rights. They
will ask you whether the citizens of Maine may
go into Massachusetts with what they claim as
their property, and whether Massachusetts may,
at the same time, prohibit the citizens of the
South from coming into that State with their
property—that is, their slaves. "
But I did not rise to speak upon these matters
at length. Gentlemen belonging to the national
American party have asserted the importance to
themselves and the country, that they should
state here where they stand, and what their views,
their doctrines, and. their creeds are. If it is
necessary that they should be understood at all,
it is equally necessary that we should understand
fully what they mean, and where they stand.
The gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. Broom]
took occasion to mention that he was opposed to
an attempt to restore the Missouri compromise,
because he did not believe it could bo accom-
plished. I desire to ask him, because I want to
know the whole truth, whether, if the President
and the Senate were favorable to the restoration
of the Missouri compromise, he, and those with
whom he acts in the House, would vote for that
restoration ?
I desire an answer to that question. We de-
sire to know where he is, and we do not want
any dodging upon the question. Would he vote
for the restoration of the Missouri compromise,
if he did not apprehend that it would meet with
objection in the Senate, and at the other end of
the avenue? I saw the gentleman [Mr. Broom]
here but a moment ago, and I supposed he was
present. As he is not in his seat, I would now -
inquire of the gentleman from New York [Mr.
Whitney] what the Americans of his State would
do in that contingency ?
[Mr. Broom entered the Hall at this stage of
Mr. Washburn's remarks.]
Mr. BROOM. I understand that the gentle-
man from Maine has propounded a question to
me—will he be good enough to repeat it ?
Mr. WASHBURN. The question which I pro-
pounded to the honorable gentleman from Penn-
sylvania is this: whether, if he understood that
the President and the Senate were favorable, or not
unfavorable, to a restoration of the Missouri com-
promise, he would, in this House, vote to restore
that compromise?
Mr. BROOM. I state now, sir, what I stated
on a former occasion, that I believe it was wrong
to have disturbed the compromise effected in 1820;
that had I been a member of the House when the
Nebraska bill was passed, I should have voted
against it, with the principles involved in it. And
I now say that, for the purpose of restoring tran-
quillity to the people of this country, were there
a reasonable prospect of a restoration of that line,
or of making any other compromise, I would most
cheerfully give my assent* and cooperation to it.
Mr. WASHBURN. Then I understand the
gentleman from Pennsylvania to say that, if he
believed it were possible to restore the Missouri
compromise, he would vote for that measure?
Mr. BROOM. No, sir; I say this 
Mr. WASHBURN, (interrupting.) Well, I
wish him to answer that question categorically,
whether or not he would vote for it, if he believed
it could, by his voting forit, become alaw? That
is what I want to understand. Let the gentle-
man answer that question one way or the other.
Mr. BROOM. I say that I would be willing
to restore the Missouri line by compromise, but
not by common law; because, in my judgment,
Congress has no power to pass such a law.
Several Members. That is right.
Mr. WASHBURN. So the gentleman holds
