884
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 11,
cents which was to cost him twenty-six cents.
For this equitable claim the bill provides.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, read the third time, and passed.
RANDALL D. LIVINGSTON.
The bill (S. No. 197) for the relief of Randall D.
Livingston, reported by the Committee on Private
Land Claims, was read a second time, and con-
sidered as in Committee of the Whole.
Its object is to confirm R. D. Livingston in his
title to a tract of land within the limits of the
Baron de Bastrop grant, in Louisiana.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed^ read the
third time, and passed.
CEPHISE PISEROSE.
The bill for the relief of Cephise Pisorose,
widow of Louis Labranche, of the parish of St.
Charles, in the State of Louisiana, (S. No. 198,)
reported by the Committee on Private Land
Claims, was readthesecond time, and considered
as in Committee of the Whole.
Itproposes to confirm Cephise Piserose, as heir-
at-law of Jean Francois Piserose, in her title to a
tract of land in the parish of St. Charles, Louis-
iana, on the left bank of the Mississippi river, of
about four arpents in front, with a depth of forty
arpents, bounded on the north by the claim of
Jean Francois Piserose, designated as No. 88, in
the report of the board of commissioners for the
eastern district of the Territory of Orleans, and on
the south by the lands of Adelard Forticr, desig-
nated as claim No. 488, by the register and re-
ceiver of the land office for the eastern district of
Louisiana, m their report of March ±2, 1816.
Tha bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, read the third time, and passed.
HEBREW CONGREGATION OF WASHINGTON.
Mr. BROWN. I observe that the next billon
the Calendar, though it may not be strictly a pri-
vate bill, is the bill, (S. No. 199,) reported by the
Committee on the District of Columbia, for the
benefit of the Hebrew congregation ot' the city of
Washington. 1 hope the Senate will take up that
bill and pass it now. It only provides far putting
Hebrews on the the same footing as the Christian
denominations. They wish to build a house of
worship; and, as this is the working season, they
ask to be allowed 10 go on and build it at once.
That is all.
The bill was read a second time, and consid-
ered as in Committee of the Whole.
It extends all the lights, privileges, and immu-
nities heretofore granted by law to the Christum
churches in the city of Washington, to the He-
brew congregation of that city. It also provides
that the third section of the act approved June 17,
1844, entitled "An act concerning conveyances or
devises of places of public worship m the District
of Columbia," shall be so construed as to allow
the members of the Hebrew congregation from
time to time, by a vote of two thirds, to elect their
own trustees, and the same, by a like vote, to
displace at pleasure. .The trustees during their
continuance in office are to have the same title in
power over any lot or tract of land as if held by
them under the act of 1844, for a Christian church.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to he engrossed for a third
reading, read the third time, and passed.
ADAM D. STEUART.
Tho bill reported by the Committee on the
Judiciary, (S. No. 200,) for the relief, of Adam D.
Steuart, was read a second time, and considered
as in Committee of the Whole.
By its provisions the Solicitor of the Treasury
will be directed to remit the unpaid balance (ex-
clusive of costs) of a judgment in favor of the
United States against Adam D. Steuart, rendered
in the United States circuit court for the Dis-
trict of Columbia, at the October term, 1852, and
to pay him $638 81, that being the amount paid
by Steuart into the Treasury of the United States
on the judgment.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, read the third time, and passed.
NATHANIEL MOTHERSHEAD.
TIig bill (S. No. 201) reported from th#  Com-
mittee on Pensions, granting a pension to Na-
thaniel Mothershead, of Missouri, was read a
second time, and considered as in the Committee
of the Whole.
It directs the Secretary of the Interior to place
his name upon the roll of invalid pensioners of
the United States, and pay to him a pension of
eight dollars per month, from the 1st of January,
1850, during his natural life.
Nathaniel Mothershead, now seventy-nine years
old, served in the war of 1812 a six months' tour
of duty; from which he was honorably discharged.
Upon the declaration of war against Mexico, he
again enlisted. He was mustered into service at
Independence, Missouri, as a sound and able-
bodied man; and, under command of Captain
Lofland, in Colonel Rail's regiment of Missouri
mounted volunteers, marched to New Mexico,
and thence to Chihuahua. He was engaged in
the battle of Santa Cruz with the regiment. The
roll of his company for Juno 30, 1848, reports
him as present and sick; and the discharge-roll
of the company bears him as follows: 44 Dis-
charged at Chihuahua, Mexico, July 11, 1848,
by reason of surgeon's certificate of disability."
These facts are obtained from the rolls on file in
the office of the Adjutant General. Accompanying
his petition is the certificate of a surgeon, setting
forth the character of his disease—fistula in ano;
his belief that it has resulted from his hardships
in the service; and that he is now totally disabled
from labor.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, read the third time, and passed.
GEORGE E. M'CLELLAN'S COMPANY.
The next bill on the Private Calendar was the
bill reported by the Committee on Military Af-
fairs, (S. No. 202,) to authorize the Secretary of
War to cause to be paid to Captain George E.
McClellan, his officers and men composing his
company of mounted volunteers, full pay for
services rendered, and subsistence and forage
furnished in East Florida in the year 1840; which
was read the second time, and considered as in
Committee of the Whole.
McClellan's company was organized in Colum-
bia county, in the State of Florida, in March,
1840, for the purpose of protecting the citizens
of that State from Indian depredations and mur-
der; such a company was at the time necessary
for that protection. The company rendered effi-
cient service, day and night, from March 5,1840,
to July 15, 1840, at which time it was regularly
mustered into the service of the Government, and
continued to discharge their duty until regularly
discharged by Colonel Churchill, of the united
States Army, for all which services the company
has been paid, except for the services rendered
from March 5, 1840, to July 15, 1840, the pay-
ment of which cannot be made without an act of
Congress, although the justice of the claim and
the rendition of the services are acknowledged,
and the payment recommended.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, read the third time, and passed.
AGATHA O'BRIEN.
The bill reported by the Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs, (S. No. 303,^ for the relief of Mrs.
Agatha O'Brien, widow of Brevet Major J. P. J.
O'Brien, late of the United States Army, was
read a second time, and considered as m Com-
mittee of the Whole.
Its purpose is to direct that there shall be paid
to Mrs. Agatha O'Brien such sums of money as
may be found due to her late husband, as cap-
tain of artillery, from December 31, 1849, when
was last paid, to March 31, 1850, the day of his
death.
Major O'Brien was assistant quartermaster,
United States Army, from 1847 to tho time of his
death, and, as such, disbursed large sums of
public money, at various places, particularly ot
Camargo, Mexico, and Indianola, Texas. "While
actually in the performance of his duties, he was
seized with cholera, and died after a few hours'
illness, at Indianola, on March 31, 1850, neces-
sarily leaving his accounts in a very unsettled
condition. Upon a settlement of his accounts at
the Treasury, a balance of about §700 stands
charged against him, while his pay and emolu-
ments, for the quarter ending ontheday he died,
are, to his credit, §335 50.
In view of the circumstances of his sudden
death, that he was ever zealous and scrupulous
in the discharge of his duty, that he was a brave
and gallant officer, that he leaves a widow and
children in a destitute condition, the committee,
while they cannot recommend that his accounts
on the books of the Treasury be balanced, re-
port a bill for the relief of the memorialist, direct-
ing that she be paid the amount due her late hus->
band, as pay and emoluments, from the day ho
was last paid until the day of his death.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, read the third time and passed.
REBECCA FREEMAN.
The bill (S. No. 32) introduced by Mr. Foot,
granting bounty land to Rebecca Freeman, was
next considered as in Committee of the Whole.
It proposes to direct the Secretary of the Inte-
rior to issue to Rebecca Freeman, widow of Pier-
son Freeman, late of Rutland, Vermont, deceased,
a soldier in the war of the revolution, a land
warrant for one hundred and sixty acres of land.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, read the third time and passed.
PETER GROVER.
The bill reported by the Committee on Claims,
(S. No. 205,) for the rwlicf of Peter Grover, was
read a second time and considered as in Com-
mittee of the Whole.
Its object is to pay Grover the sum of $800, for
injuries received while in the employment of the
United States in a dangerous service, and for
medical and other expenses incurred in conse-
quence thereof.
The petitioner was employed on the public
work, in the construction of the fortifications in
Portland harbor, in the State of Maine, under the
direction of Lieutenant Stevens, United States
engineer; and while he was engaged in blasting a
rock, a sudden and unexpected explosion occur-
red, by which he was seriously and permanently
injured.
The injury was received in July, 1846, and
four physicians of the town of his residence cer-
tify, in December, 1849, that he was still three
fourths disabled from labor by the effect of the
injuries received at Fort Scarnmel.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, read the third time, and passed.
ALBERT HART.
The bill (S. No. 206) reported by the Commit-
tee on Pensions, increasing the pension of Albert
Hart, was read the second time, and considered
as in Committee of the Whole.
It proposes to direct the Secretary of the Inte-
rior to increase the pension of Albert Hart to
sixteen dollars per month, from the 1st of January,
1854, during his natural life.
The petitioner was a soldier in tho Baltimore
battalion,in the war with Mexico. At the storm-
ing of Monterey he displayed great courage and
firmness; he had charge of the colors of his com-
pany in the assault, and lost his right arm by a
shot, but continued to support the flag in hislcft
hand until relieved from duty. His name was
placed on the pension rolls at eight dollars per
month, which sum he finds wholly insufficient to
support himself and family. His memorial is
accompanied by a certificate of General Zachary
Taylor, at that time Major General of the Army,
and many officers of great reputation, testifying
to his good conduct and gallant services.
' The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, read the third time, and passed.
LEVI C. HARRIS.
The bill reported by the Committee on Pen-
sions, (S. No. 207,) for the relief of Levi C.
Harris, was read the second time, and considered
as in Committee of the Whole.
Its purpose is to place the name of Levi C.
Harris, of the State of Mississippi, upon the roll
of invalid pensioners, at the rate of ninety-six
dollars per annum, from the 1st of December,
1854, during his natural life.
The petitioner was a private in the Jefferson
