148
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[March 5,
34th Cong....1st Sess.
Affairs in Kansas—'Mr. Grow.
Ho. of Reps.
acts together by a common sympathy probably
exceeds $4,000,000,000. Whatever, then, tends
to enhance the market value of the slave moves
this mighty interest with a common impulse.
A moneyed interest in any country always strug-
gles to seize upon its Government, and to wield
it for its own advantages. Hence the innovations
on the early and well-established policy of the
Government in restricting slavery where it had
not an actual existence. Hence the efforts now
making to overturn the settled decisions of the
courts, and to nationalize the institution of sla-
very under the new doctrine, that the Constitution
carries it wherever its jurisdiction extends unless
there be local law to prevent it.
The Democracy of the country, in the days of
its glory and triumph, resisted the attempt of the
moneyed interest of the country, invested in bank-
ing, to seize upon this Government to use it for
its own purposes. They also resisted the attempt
of the moneyed interest engaged in manufacturing
to use the Government for its purposes. And yet
here is a united, concentrated moneyed interest—
compared to which either orthose was but as a drop
in th e bucket to the ocean—endeavoring to use this
Government for the promotion of its interests and
the advancement of its ends. Now, sir, it is to
resist any such attempt, on the part of the moneyed
interest invested in slaves, that the people whom
I represent resist all attempts to plant slavery in
Kansas.
Regarding it, as did the fathers of the Repub-
lic's a social and political evil, that retards the
growth and development of a country by de-
grading its labor, they believe it to be the .duty
of Congress to do in reference to the Territories
what Madison desired it to do more than a half
century ago in reference to the foreign slave trade.
In urging its abolition he says:
"The dictates of humanity, the principles of the people,
the national safety and happiness, and prudent policy re-
quire it of us.
" ft is to be hoped that, by expressing a national disappro-
bation of this trade, we may destroy it, and save ourselves
from reproaches, and our posterity the imbecility ever
attending on a country filled with slaves."
And here, sir, I desire to read an extract from
a speech of mine in the last Congress on the Ne-
braska bill:
" But it is said that these Territories are common property,
and that all the citizens of the United States have common
rights in them; and that, therefore, no citizen can be ex-
cluded from emigrating to them without injustice and degra-
dation. No one proposes to exclude any person from emi-
grating and settling on the public domain. The Territory,
it is true, is the common property of the whole people, but
by the Federal Constitution they agreed to put it under a
supervisory power. That power is Congress; Congress is
made a board of direction over this trust fund, to use it in
such way as, in their sound discretion, will be most advan-
tageous to the trust, and will best accomplish the object of
its creation, the promotion of the real and permanent inter-
ests of the country. Whoever goes into the Territory,
therefore, as a settler, must conform to the ' rules and regu-
lations' established I>y this supervisory board, created by 1
the common consent and agreement of the whole country,
and made one of the articles of compact. No person has '
any separate, distinct individual right that he can have set
apart as his share to use as he pleases, any more than he
can take his share of the President's House, or of this Cap-
itoi, and appropriate it to his own use. It can be used only
m such way as, in the judgment of Congress, will conduce
to tfie advantage of the whole."
If, then, this Government should see that the
Territories are used in such way as best to pro-
mote the paramount interest of the country, to
develop its physical strength and the mental re-
sources of its people, free labor can accomplish .
it better than slave. For slavery, wherever it
goes, bears a sirocco in front, and leaves a desert
in the rear. Under slave labor, the soil, which is I
the means for supporting the human race, and
was given by the Creator for %t purpose is
impoverished and made worthless. It is, then
abandoned, and virgin soil taken up again to be
in the same way impoverished. And thus is the
basis of national greatness and glory destroyed
and the energies of a people are palsied by de-
grading its labor. Mr. Jefferson, in his Notes
on Virginia, has given to the world its influence
on society:
" With the morels of the people their industry also is de-
stroyed ; tor in a warm climate no man will labor for him-
self who can make another labor for him. This is so true
of the proprietors of slaves a very small proportion
indeed are ever seen to labor.
WWl wbftl execration should the statesman be loaded,
Fretting Qffe ha|f the oitizens thus to trample on the
Tights orflje other, transforms those into despots, and these
into enemies, destroys the morals of the one part, and the
amor patrtof the other."
I trust, sir, that Jefferson, born and reared amid
the influences of slavery, will not be regarded as
a fanatic for his views of the institution. As for
myself, I have no sentimentalities, other than
those which man should ever feel for the miseries
and woes of his race, on the subject of slavery as
it exists in the States. If it be a good, those who
have it are entitled to all its blessings; if an evil,
they alone have to answer for it to their own con-
sciences, to the public opinion of the world, and
to their God. I would leave it, then, to the people
among whom it exists to devise, in their own
time and in their own way, the mode and manner
of its removal. That is a problem with the solu-
tion of which I tax not my brain. It has taxed
in vain the wisdom and ingenuity of some of the
wisest and ablest statesmen of the Republic.
When, therefore, we find an institution that once
planted among a people they are unable to devise
any means to get rid of, even though they desire
to do so, should we not hesitate in doing any act
by which it would be fastened upon a people who
have it not, and who would be much better with-
out it? Would the people of Kansas, if left to
their own free choice, to-day choose the institu-
tion of slavery instead of free institutions ?
It is said that the object of the bill organizing the
Territory was to leave the people to do as they
please. The people of Kansas to do as they
please, when there is not an officer of the Terri-
tory in whose election they have had a voice, and
cannot have for two years to come! The people
of Kansas to do as they please, when by force
you trample down their ballot-boxes, and deprive
them of the free exercise of the elective franchise!
You haye imposed on them a Legislature which
has enacted laws striking down the dearest rights
of freemen; and you call it law and order to sus-
tain the invasion, and enforce its enactments.
And after the people of Kansas have been dis-
franchised at the ballot-box, and they have been
deprived of their rights because they undertake
to demand a redress of their grievances at the
hands of the only body that can give it — the
Congress of the United States—armed men are to
be called in to shoot them down. Are the citizens
of Kansas competent to take care of themselves?
If so, why import men from other States to en-
force their laws ? The fact that men are imported
to execute the laws of the Legislature is conclu-
sive that those laws do not meet with the appro-
bation of a majority of the people.
Under these circumstances, what is the duty
of Congress ? Is it their duty to sit quietly by
and behold these altercations in the Territory,
without devising any means to avoid them ? Is
it the duty of Congress, which embodies the
sentiments of this whole Republic, to sit quietly
by and allow the institution of slavery to extend
itself into territory under its exclusive jnrisdiction,
and which was once consecrated by solemn act
to freedom. In 1819, Louis McLane, of Dela-
ware, during the discussion in the Senate that
preceded the passage of the Missouri compromise,
though himself a slaveholder and from a slave
State, declared that—
" Nothing can more gladden the heart than the contem-
plation of a portion of territory consecrated to freedom,
whose soil should never be moistened by the tear of the
slave <«• degraded by the step of the oppressor or the op-
pressed." 1
But, to-day, the soil whose contemplating so
gladdened the patriotic heart is not only moistened
with the tear of the slave, but is threatened to be
drenched with fraternal blood. In this crusade
to propagate slavery, not only by changing the
construction given to the Constitution for more
than half a century, but by force of arms, permit
me to call your attention to the almost dying
counsel of one of the country's most illustrious
naines. Though born and reared under southern
influences, it is a sentiment that will find a cordial !
response in the patriot heart everywhere, and is
worthy to be inscribed on his tombstone. In
discussing the compromise measures on the 5th
of February, 1850, as if foreboding the present
hour tn his country's history, Mr. Clay said:
anllaPPily, we should be involved in war be-
J*'®'^ two Pfrts of this Confederacy, in which the effort
sl^^tatothP neShT?ld l>e to restrain the introduction of
lavery into the new Territories, and upon the other side to
force its introduction there, what a spectacle should we
present, to the astonishment of mankind, in an effort, not
to propagate rights, but—I must say it, though f trust it will
be understood to be said with no design to excite ieeling
—a war to propagate wrongs in tlie Territories tluis acquired
from Mexico. It would be a warin which, we should have no
sympathies, no good wishes—in which our own history itself
would be against us; lor, from the commencement of the
Revolution down to the present time, we have constantly
reproached our British ancestors for the introduction of
slavery into this country."
From the tomb comes the voice of your sainted
dead, to rebuke the efforts making to-day to es-
tablish slavery upon the soil of Kansas; and is
it for the freemen of this country to turn n deaf
ear not only to the safe counsels of the venerated
dead, but to stand in indifference to the best inter-
ests 6f the future? Will you carry into Kansas
the institution of slavery under the protection of
the flag of your country r For it is for Congress
to say what shall be done, and what kind of insti-
tutions shall exist tliere during its territorial ex-
istence.
On some future occasion I hope to have an
opportunity to discuss at length the constitu-
tional power of Congress over the Territories; but
at this time the only proper inquiry is, what is
the cause of the unprecedented state of affairs in
Kansas, and what can be done to save that people
from bloodshed and civil war ?
The President in his annual message, after
reviewing the slavery question, closes with this
rather singular summary of the cause of the
present excitement at the North:
" If the passionate rage of fanaticism and partisan spirit
did not force the fact upon our attention, it would be diffi-
cult to believe that any considerable portion of the people
of this enlightened country could have surrendered them-
selves to a fanatical devotion to the supposed interests of
the relatively few Africans in the I'nited States, as totally
to abandon and disregard the interests of tile twenty-five
millions of Americans."
The art of the lawyer and the politician is ever
to associate names made odious in the public mind
with what they wish to destroy, and upon them
attempt to excite the prejudice of men.
Sir, the men of the North have not surrendered
themselves to a fanatical devotion to the supposed
interests of the relatively few Africans in the United
States, but they desire to gladden the heart of the
patriot forever with the " contemplation of a por-
tion of territory consecrated to freedom, whose
soil shall never be moistened by the tear of the
slave, or degraded by the step of the oppressor
or oppressed."
_ The rights of the citizens of Kansas are the
rights of the twenty-five millions of Jlmericans,
and the wrongs of the one should be adopted as
the wrongs of the other. If the rights of one
man in this country can be trampled upon by
legislative enactment, the rights of all may.
When men are disfranchised by law, and deprived
of their nearest and dearest rights, and that law
rests upon the Government of the country for its
validity and its sanction, it comes home to the
bosom of every person, no matter in what part
of the Republic he lives; and he who would set
quietly down and permit wrong and injustice to
be done to a citizen of the country when he could
prevent it, is guilty of a gross dereliction of duty.
The freemen of Kansas are entitled to your
protection. They are entitled to your protection
st invasion at the ballot-box, to your protec-
tion against unjust laws which violate all their
rights, your protection in the freedom of speech
and the press. The supervision of all their legis-
lation being under the control of Congress, let it,
then, do its duty, and remove from the people these
odious enactments which the President has de-
clared must be enforced, and secure to them the
free and undisturbed exercise of their civil rights
and privileges.
The men of the North are but resisting the
attempt to subvert the spirit and genius of the
institutions of the Republic; and the effort now
making to overturn its well-established policy in
legislating for the Territories, the effort to re-
verse the decision of the courts making slavery
a local, sectional institution, resting upon local
law for its support, and to nationalize it by
.over shield and the protection of
the Constitution and the Union, wherever itgoes
beyond the jurisdiction of the local laws which
gave it support,—it is against this doctrine that
the men of the North war, and not in behalf of
