1856.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
ffW
Mr. CLARKE, of New York, being entitled
to the floor, addressed the committee in opposition
to slavery extension, and to the repeal of the
Missouri compromise.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Kentucky, said that he
designed to have addressed the committee this
evening in denunciation of Mr. Buchanan's polit-
• ical course, and particularly as that course was
connected with the honored statesman of his own
State, Mr. Clay; but he was compelled to forego
the opportunity of now addressing the committee,
as he noticed that the peculiar representative of
Mr. Buchanan on this floor, [Mr. Jones, of Penn-
sylvania,] was not now in his seat. He [Mr. C.]
was about to proceed to the Springs for the benefit
of his health, and he would therefore ask permis-
sion next week to address the committee on the
subject he had indicated.
Mr. BRENTON addressed the committee upon
the slavery question, and in reference to the in-
consistencies "of Democratic platforms on that
subject.
Mr. BRANCH obtained the floor, and spoke
in reference to the effect of the slavery question
upon the perpetuity of the Union, upon the effect
of Mr. Fillmore's nomination in promoting the
election of Mr. Fremont, and in general upon the
position of the different parties of the country.
Mr. EVANS made a speech, reviewing the
foreign policy of the Government, opposing filli-
busterism, and taking issue with the doctrines
of Mr. Buchanan as avowed in the Ostend con-
ference.
The speeches were withheld for revision, and
will be published in the Appendix.
Mr. J EWETT obtained the floor, and moved
that the committee rise.
The motion was agreed to.
So the committee rose; and the Speaker having
resumed the chair, Mr. Pbrviance reported that
the Committee of the "Whole on the state of the
Union had had the state of the Union generally
under consideration, and particularly House bill
No. 180, relating to fortifications, and had in-
structed him to report that they had come to no
conclusion thereon.
And then, on motion of Mr. JEWETT, (at
ten o'clock, p. m.,) the House adjourned until to-
morrow, at eleven o'clock, a. m.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Friday, July 25, 1856.
The House met at eleven o'clock, a. m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. Daniel Waldo.
The J ournal of yesterday was read and approved.
COURT OP CLAIMS.
The SPEAKER laid before the House reports
from the Court of Claims of sundry bills; which
were referred to the Committee of Claims; and
also from the said court adverse reports in sev-
eral cases; which were placed on the Private Cal-
endar, and ordered to be printed.
The SPEAKER stated the first business in
order to be the reception of private bills from the
standing and select committees.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I would like to
inquire when the bills which have been hereto-
fore reported from the Committee of the Whole
House on the Private Calendar will be in order?
There are some bills now on the Speaker's table
undisposed of which have been reported from
that committee three or four months.
The SPEAKER. They will be in order as
soon as the call on committees for reports has
been gone through with.
Mr. GIDDINGS. Let us take up the private
business regularly. When the committees have
been called through we can then go to the private
bills oil the Speaker's table which have been re-
ported from the Committee of the Whole House
on the Private Calendar, and at once dispose of
them.
Mr. JONES. We have more bills on the Pri-
vate Calendar now than can be disposed of at
this session.
Mr. LETCHER. Is it in order to move to go
into the Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union, with a view to take up and dispose of
the Army appropriation bill?
The SPEAKER. It is in order.
Mr. LETCHER. Then 1 submit that motion.
It is important that some of the appropriation
bills should be sent to the Senate. There is little
time left for action on them.
Mr. GIDDINGS. I will make an appeal to
the gentleman not to press his motion. This is
objection day. An objection stops all proceed-
ings on a bill in committee, and the committee
goes to the next one on the Calendar. If we go
into the Committee of the Whole House on the
Private Calendar we may pass to-day all the pri-
vate bills to which there is no objection. I hope
the gentleman will withdraw his motion.
Mr. LETCHER. I would yield to the gentle-
man's appeal cheerfully if I did not think there
was a higher duty on the House to send some of
the appropriation bills to the Senate. The 18th
of August is but three weeks distant, and the
appropriation bills are all of them still in this
House. Unless we send some of them to the
Senate little time will be left that body for action
on them; and every one who has had any expe-
rience in the matter knows that when those bills
come back from the Senate they come back loaded
with amendments, and that frequently in the last
hours of the session we are forced to take those
amendments without even having them read.
Mr. DAVIDSON. I beg the House to recol-
lect that, if the appropriation bills are of great im-
portance, they have every day of the week except
this day and Saturday. To-day is objection-day;
and it is but justice to those who have claims
against the Government that we should go into
committee, and pass all those bills on the Private
Calendar to which there is no objection. Im-
portant as is the public business, I trust that this,
probably the last, objection day will not be de-
voted to the appropriation bills.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio. I concur in what
the gentleman from Virginia has said. We have
been pressing the appropriation bills since an
early period of the session, and by the action of
the House we have now only until the 18th of
August next in which to dispose of them. I re-
gard it as a matter of great importance that the
House should dispose of the Army appropriation
bill, one way or the other, during the present
week.
Mr. HOUSTON. I will ask the gentleman a
question. I entirely agree with him that we
ought to take up and dispose of the appropriation
bills. I understand it to be true that all of the
appropriation bills are at present in this House.
The Senate, I understand, has not a single appro-
priation bill before ii.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I would say to the gen-
tleman from Alabama, and to the House, that it
has been four months since the appropriation
bills were reported by the Committee of Ways
and Means to this House, and made the special
order. In reply to the gentleman I will state,
that there is^ot a single appropriation bill before
the Senate—not one.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. What is the
question before the House?
The SPEAKER. The question is on the mo-
tion of the gentleman from Virginia, that the
House resolve itself into the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union.
Mr. GIDDINGS. I put it to members whether
or not this—the last—objection day shall be de-
voted to the consideration of private bills?
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I ask whether there
can be any possible use in going into the Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union?
If we go into the Committee of the Whole House
on the Private Calendar, we may pass some bills.
On the contrary, if we go into the Committee of
the Whole on the state of the Union, we are met
with some revolutionary amendment to a bill
which it is obviously necessary should be passed
immediately. The consequence is, that nothing
can be done. [Cries of "Order!"]
The SPEAKER. Debate is out of order.
Mr. McMULL'IN. We ought to consider and
pass on the important public business of the
country, and I give notice that I shall object to
all bills if the House goes into the Committee of
the Whole House on the Private Calendar.
Mr.. LETCHER. I call for the yeas and nays
on my motion.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the negative—yeas 58, nays 104; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Aiken, Hendley S. Bennett, Ilrudsliavv,
Branch, Burnett, John P. Campbell, Lewis D. Campbell,
Caruthers, Caskic, Bayard Clarke, Clingman, Williamson
R. W. Cobb, Cox, Craige, Crawford, Dunn, Elliott, Eng-
lish, Faulkner, Goode, Thomas I.. Hariris, liaveii, Valen-
tine B. Horton, Houston, Jewett, George 'W. Jones, Kelly, 1
Kidwell, Letcher, Lumpkin, Maxw.ell, McMuiliir, Smith
Miller, Millson, Phelps, Quitman, Rieaud, Ritchie, Baffin,
Sage, Savage, Seward, Shorter, Samuel A. Smith, William
R. Smifli. Stanton, Stewart, Taj,pan, Taylor, Thurston, -
Todd, Vail, Valk, Warner, Watkins, Winslovr, Join) V 
Wright, and Zollicoffer— 58.
NAYS—Messrs. Albright, Allison, Barbour, Bell, Henry
Bennett, Benson, Bitlinghurst, Bingham, Bliss, Bowie;
Brenton, Broom, Buffinton, Burlingame, Carlile, Ezra
Clark, Clawsori, Coifax, Comins, Covode, Cragin, Oullea,
Cumbaek, Damrell, Davidson, Dean, Denver, Dick, Dick-
son, Dodd, Durfee, Edwards, Emrie, Etheridge, Eustis,
Evans, Flagler, Foster, Galloway,"Giddmgs, Gilbert, Gran-
ger, Robert B. Hall, Harlan, Thomas R. Horton, Huglis-
ton, Kelsey, Kennett, King, Kijapp, Knight, Knowlton,
Lake, Leiter, Matteson, Meacham, KillianMilier,Morgan,
Morrill, Mott, Nichols, Norton^ Andrew Oliver, Parker,
Peck, Pelton, Perry, Porter, Pringte, Pnrviance, Puryear,
Reade, Ready, Rivers, Robbins, Roberts, Sabin,Sapp, Scott,
Sherman, Simmons, William Smith, Sneed, Spinner, Ste-
phens, Stranahan, Swope, Talbott, Thorington, Trafton,
Tyson, Underwood, Wade, Wakeman, Walbridge, Wal-
dron, ElUliu B. Washburne, Welch, Wells, Whitney, Wil-
liams, Wood, Woodruff, and Woodworm—104.
So Mr. Letcher's motion was disagreed to.
Pending the call of the roll,
Mr. DAVIS, of Massachusetts, stated that he
had paired off with Mr. Cadwalader,
Mr. AIKEN stated that he was requested by
his colleague, Mr. McQueen, to state that he
had paired off with Mr. Murray from this day
to Monday^week. *
Mr. PELTON stated thathe had been requested
by his colleague, Mr. Murray, to state that he
had paired off with Mr. McQueen until Monday
week.
Mr. DAVIDSON stated that his colleague, Mr.
Sandidge, was sick, and unable to be in his seat
to-day.
REPORTS FROM COMMITTEES.
Mr. EVANS. I ask the unanimous consent
of the-House to offer a resolution.
Mr. MATTESON. I object, and call for the
regular order of business.
The SPEAKER then proceeded to call the
committees for reports of a private character.
Mr. WADE. I ask the, consentof the House
to make a report from the Committee on Com-
merce upon the navigation of the lakes. It has
been carefully prepaied by the Committee on
Commerce, and I ask that it may be referred to
the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union, and be printed.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I object, and call
for the regular order of business.
The SPEAKER. The matter which the gen-
tleman from Ohio desires to report is of a public
character, and therefore not in order at this time.
Mr. THORINGTON, from the Committee on
Public Lands, asked leave to report back a bill
(H. R. No. 166) to provide forthe sale of certain
town lots.
Mr. FLAGLER. That is not a private bill,
and I object.
Mr. PHELPS, from the Committee of Ways
and Means, reported back, with a recommenda-
tion that it do pass, an act (S. No. 245) for the
relief of Franck Taylor.
Mr. P. said: This is a bill merely authorizing
the Secretary of the Treasury to remit certain
duties upon quills purchased by Franck Taylor
for the use of the Government, Upon previous
importations of the same character, for the use
of the Government, the duties have been remitted
upon the simple order of the Secretary of the
Treasury; but the Secretary of the Treasury,
upon a reexamination of the subject, thought he
could not order a remission of duties in this case,
and therefore the necessity of this bill. I ask
that the bill may be put upon its passage now.
Mr. FLAGLER. I object.
Mr. PHELPS. Then I move that the bill be
referred to a Committee of the Whole House on
the Private Calendar, and be printed.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. SIMMONS, from the Committee on the
Judiciary, reported the following bills; which
were severally read a first and second time, re-
ferred to a Committee of the Whole House on
the Private Calendar, and ordered to be printed:
A bill to extend the provisions of an act enti-
tled " An act to provide compensation for the
services of George Morreil in adjusting the title
of lands in Michigan;
