1856.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
159
that the Missouri compromise was unconstitu-
' tipnal ? I have further understood—and I desire
wTknow the fact in relation to this matter, because
it is important to understand precisely the position
of gentlemen here—from what I supposed to be
good authority, that the distinguished gentleman
from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Puller,] who is a can-
didate for Speaker, did, in that canvass of 1854,
take extreme anti-Nebraska ground, and address
the people from the same stand with the Hon.
David Wilmot. Now I should like to know from
the gentleman from Pennsylvania whether or not
that is true?
Mr. HENRY M. FULLER. I declared the
other day that I was opposed to all this agitation;
but if the gentleman from Maine [Mr. Wash-
burn] or other gentlemen have any graceful speech
in preparation which they wish to send out to
the country to give themselves character and
reputation, 1 have no objection to listen. I thought
1 heard the gentleman answer, after the declara-
tion which I made here the other day, that that
was my political decease, and I was willing, sir,
to rest quietly in the tomb until the day of my
resurrection.
The gentleman has inquired if I addressed a
public meeting on the stand with the Hon.
David Wilmot. lean say to the gentleman, in
reply, that I did not, and that 1 have not seen
thatgentlcman for the last four years. [Laughter.]
Mr. WASHBURN. I have been credibly in-
formed, Mr. Clerk, from what 1 supposed to be
a trustworthy source, that it was true the gen-
tleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. Fuller] had. ad-
dressed the people from the same stand with Mr.
Wilmot. And 1 thought it due to that gentleman
and to the House to inquire whether that state-
ment was true or not. Rut, Mr. Clerk, I do not
rise for the purpose of going into any discussion
at this time, but merely for the purpose of offer-
ing a resolution which is to stop all further dis-
cussion in the House until after its organization.
[Loud cries of No, no!"] I propose now,
that from and after Monday next—giving time
for debate to-day and Monday, if necessary—■
until the election of a Speaker shall be effected,
no debate shall be in order.
Mr. McMULLIN. I move to lay that resolu-
tion on the table.
Mr. ORR, (at three o'clock, p. m.) I move
that the House do now adjourn.
Several Members called for the yeas and nays.
Mr. ORR. Will the gentleman from Maine
[Mr. Washburn] withdraw his resolution until
the House shall take another ballot?
Mr. WASHBURN. As it seems to be the
general wish to have a vote for Speaker, I with-
draw my resolution.
Mr. ORR. Then I withdraw my motion to
adjourn. [Loud cries of " Call the roll!"]
The House proceeded to vote the mnetv-third
time for Speaker, with the following result; Whole
number of votes cast, 219; necessary to a choice,
110; of which—
Nathaniel P. Bank* received 103
William A. Richardson  72
Henry M. Fuller 3-2
Alexander C. M. Pennington  6
Jamc< L Orr    D
John Williams  1
Gilchrist Poiter  1
So there was no choice.
The following is the vote in detail:
For Mr. Banks—Messrs. Albiight, Allison, Ball, Barbour,
Henry Bennett, Benson, Bingham, Bishop, Bli^, Biadsha w,
Bienton, Bulimgton, Buihngame, James 1-1. Campbell,
Lewis D. Campbell, Chaffee, EziaClaik, Claw,son, Colfax,
Comms, Covode, Cragin, Cumback, Damrell, Day, Dean,
De Witt, Dick, Dickson, Dodd, Durfee, Udie,Emrie, Flag-
ler, Galloway, Giddmgs, Gilbert, Granger, Grow, Robert B.
Hall, Ilaiian, Holloway, Thomas R. Horton, Valentine B.
Horton, Howard, Hughston, Kelsey, King, Knapp, Knight,
Knowlton, Knox, Knnkel, Leiter, Mace, Matteson, Me-
Caity, Meacham, Killian Miller, Morgan, Morrill, Mott,
Murray, Nichols, Norton, Andrew Oliver, Parker, Pearce,
Pel ton, Pennington. Pettit,Pike. Porter, Prmgle,Puiviance,
Ritchie, Robbms, Roberts, Robison, Sabm, Sage. Sapp,
Sherman, Simmon?, Spinner, Stanton, Stranahan, Tappan,
Thormgton, Thurston,'Todd, Trafton, Tyson, Wade, Wake-
man, Walbridge, Waklron, Cadwaiader C. Washburne,
Ellilm B. Washbume, Israel Washburn, Watson, Welch,
Wood, Wooriiufi*. and Woodworth.
For Mr. Rich'ai<h>on—Messrs. Aiken, Allen, Barclay,
Barksdale, Bell, Bocock, Bowie, Boyce, Branch, Brooks,
Cad'valader, Caruthers, Caskie, Chngman, Ilowell Cobb,
Williamson R. W. Cobb, Craige, Crawford, Davidson,
Denver, Dowdell, Edmundson, Elliott, English, Faulkner,
Florence, Thomas J. D. Fuller, Goode. Greenwood, Au-
gustus Hall, Sampson W. Harris, Thomas L. Harris, Her-
bert, Houston, Jewett, George W. Jones, J. Glancy Jones,
Keitt, Kelly, Kidwell, Letcher, Lumpkin, Samuel S. Mar-
shall, Maxwell, McMullin, McQueen, Smith Miller,MiJIson,
Mordecai Oliver, Orr, Parker, Peck, Phelps, Powell, Quit-
man, Ituffin, Rust, Sandidge, Savage, Shorter, Samuel A.
Smith, William Smith, Stephens, Stewart, Talbott, Tay-
lor, Vail, Warner, Watkms, Winslow, Daniel B. Wright,
and John V. Wright.
For Mr. Fuller—Messrs. Broom, John P. Campbell, Bay-
ard Clark, Cox, Cullen, Henry Winter Davis, Etberidge,
Eastis, Evans, Foster, J. Morrison Hains, Hoffman, Ken-
nett, Lake, Lindley, Alexander K. Marshall, Humphrey
Marshall, Millward, Paine, Puryear, Keade, Ricaud, Rivers,
William It. Smith, Sneed, Swope, Tnppe, Underwood,
Valk, Walker, Whitney, and Zollieoffev.
For Mr. Pennington—Messrs. Dunn, Edwards, Harrison,
Haven, Moore, and Scott.
For Mr. Orr—Messrs. Richardson and Williams.
For Mr. Williams—Mr. Wheeler.
For Mr. Porter—Mi. Henry M. Fuller.
Pending the call of the roll,
Mr. BRENTON said: Before I cast my vote on
this ballot, Mr. Clerk, I desire to state that my
present inclination and determination is to look
about me, and to ascertain whether some other
gentleman may not be selected for whom I can
vote with a prospect of final success, with a view
to the organization of this House. I am satisfied
that, in making this announcement, I may subject
myself to the censure of some of my friends. 'But
I wish to say this, that in the contest which has
been going on for the last five weeks, we have
been contending cither for a person, a party, or a
principle. If we have been lighting on the ground
of personal preference for the distinguished gen-
tleman from Massachusetts, [Mr. Bakks,] no one
of the friends of that man can charge me with a
want of devotion to him personally. Or if we
have been fighting for the purpose of establishing
and carrying out a great principle, I take the same
ground that, uniformly, from the time that the
distinguished gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Camp-
bell] voluntarily withdrew his name, I have
voted for the gentleman from Massachusetts,
[Mr. Hanks,] and have thereby shown my de-
votion to the principle involved in the contest.
If we have been fighting tor the purpose of
building up a party, my vote has shown my de-
votion to that object. So that in either event I
would not be chargeable, in giving even the notice
I now give, with a want of devotion to the prin-
ciples involved, a want of devotion to the party,
or a disrespect or dislike to the distinguished
gentleman [Mr. Banks] for whom I have voted.
I deem it justice to myself, without indicating
at the present time any individual for whom I
may ultimately be disposed to cast my vole, to
state, that after the present ballot 1 shall, at least,
exercise my right as an individual, of casting
around and ascertaining, as far as I am able to do
so, whether it is possible to make a selection of
another individual for whom I can vote with a
good prospect of success. I shall vote, therefore,
to-day for Mr. Baxks, with the understanding—
which I now have with myself at least—that I
shall hereullor pursue the course indicated. I take
here upon myself the responsibility of making
this announcement—and I wish it to go out at
this time to the members of the House and to the
country—that I assume the position T have indi-
cated on my own responsibility, and not in concert
with anybody. Nor is it to be considered indic-
ative of discontent among the friends of Mr.
Banks. It comes from myself and myself alone.
I vote for Mr. Banks.
Mr. KELSEY. Before recording my vote, Mr.
Clerk, I want to make a single personal explana-
tion. On the &7th of last month I find there was
a question raised in this House by the gentle-
man from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Florfvcf.,] in
relation to my pairing off. I simply desire to say
now, in answer to the question then raised, that
I paired off with Mr. Burnett, of Kentucky; that
I had no knowledge or information that Mr.
Talbott desired to pair off; and that the fears
expressed by gentlemen on that occasion, that
there had been cheating round the board, were,
so far as that remark may have been intended to
apply to mf, entirely without foundation. The 1
time for which I paired off with Mr. Bfrkf.tt
expired last night. I see that he does not respond
to his name to-day; but the time having expired,
I am at liberty to vote again. I vote for Mr.
Banks.
Mr. FLORENCE. The history of this sub-
ject is so well known to the House—and the
gentleman from New York [Mr. Kelsey] has
had the advantage of the Congressional Globe—
that there should really be no necessity for say-
ing a word about it. [Cries of " Very well!"
"Call the roll!"] But I do wish to say one
word. I disclaim any intention or disposition
of accusing that gentleman or any other member
of this House of cheating. I only wanted to in-
quire then how the matter stood. But if my
friend [Mr. Brenton] had not been in such a
violent hurry to correct me, wc could have learned
immediately that the gentleman [Mr. Kelsey]
had paired off with Mr. Burnett, and not with
Mr. Talbott.
Mr. BRENTON. The gentleman will recollect
that I put the statement of the fact upon my re-
membrance. I made no positive statement. I
do not wish the gentleman to implicate me in the
remarks lie is making.
Mr. FLORENCE. Certainly not. I have no
intention of implicating anybody. I only said
that there was a misunderstanding somewhere in
reference to the pairing off of Mr. Talbott, and
I wanted the matter to be set right.
Mr. SNEED, when the name of Mr. Ready
was called, stated that his colleague \xas too un-
well to be present in the House; that nothing
but indisposition would have prevented him from
being here.
The result of the vote was then announced as
above stated.
Mr. LETCHER. I move that the House do
now adjourn.
Mr. CHAFFEE. I demand tellers upon the
motion. ' •:
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Watson and
Barclay were appointed.
The CLERK then pi# the question, and the
tellers began to count.
Mr. COVODE. I demand the yeas and nays.
Mr. CLINGMAN. X submit that it is too late
to call the yeas and nays. The House is dividing.
The CLERK. The Clerk will entertain the
call.
Mr. RITCHIE. I demand tellers upon the
yeas and nays.
Tellers were ordered; andMessrs.WATsoNand
Barclay were appointed.
The question was taken, and the tellers re-
ported thirty in the affirmative.
[Cries of "Call the roll!" "Withdraw the
motion!"]
Mr. LETCHER. Will the gentleman from
Pennsylvania withdraw his call for the yeas and
nays, if I will withdraw my motion to adjourn,
until another vote has been taken?
Mr. COVODE. Yes, sir.
Mr. LETCHER. Very well; I withdraw the
motion.
Mr. BARCLAY. I renew the motion to ad-
journ. [Cries of " No, no !" " Let us vote!"]
Mr. HUMPHREY MARSHALL. Mr.CIerk,
wo ought to have a Speaker. I hope the gentle-
man will withdraw his motion to adjourn, and
allow us to go to voting. [Loud cries of "With-
draw!"]
Mr. BARCLAY. Very well; I will withdraw
if the House will go to voting.
The House proceeded to vote the ninety-fourth
time for Speaker, with the following result: Whole
number of votes cast, 210; necessary to a choice,
10b'; of which—
Nathaniel P. Banks received 98
William A. Richardson  72
Henry M. Fuller 29
Alexander C. M Pennington  6
James L. Orr  2
John Williams  1
Gilchrist Porter  1
John S. Millson    1
So there was no choice.
The following is the vote in detail:
For Mr. Banks—Messrs. Albright, Alhson, Ball, Barbour,
Homy Bennett, Benson, Bingham, Bishop, Bh«s, Brad-
fchaw, Butlin<jton, Biirlingame, James H. Campbell, Lewis
1). Campbell, Chaffee, E/.ni Clark, Clawson, Colfax,
Comni-, Covode, Cragin, Cumback, Damrell, Day, Dean,
I)e Witt, Dick, Dickson, Dodd, Dui tee, Edie, Emue, Flag-
lei, Gallowav, Giddings, Gilbert, Grander, Grow, Robeit B.
Hall, Harlan, Holloway, Thoma* R Iioiton, Valentino B.
-•Horton. Howard, Keteev, Knur, Knapp, Knight, Knowlton,
Knox. Kunkrl, Leiter, Matte*on, MeCarty. Morgan, Mor-
rill, Mott, Muiiay, Nichols, Noiton, Andrew Oliver, Par-
ker, Pearce, Pelton, Pennington, Pcttit, Pike, Ptmgle,
Purvianee, Ritchie, Robbing, Roberts, fiobi-on, Sabm,
Sa°e, Sapp, Sherman, Simmons, Spinner, Stanton. Ptian-
ahan, T.ippan, Thoiington, Thurston, Todd, Tiafton,
Wade, Wakeman, Walbndge, Waldron, Cadwaiader C.
Washbume, Elhhu B. Washburne. Israel Washburn,
Watson, Welch, Wood, Woodruff, and Woodworth.
