1856.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
149
34th Cong....1st Sess. Kansas Affairs—Emigrant Aid Society—Mr. 'Trafton.
Ho. of Reps.
" the relatively few Africans" in the country.
Their condition, however deplorable in the States
where they exist, is beyond our reach. We must
therefore leave them to those who have the con-
trol of the laws under which they live. But we
insist that the flag of the Union shall float, as
« heretofore, the. emblem of freedom, and under its
folds, everywhere, the freedom of speech and of
■the press, and the inalienable rights of men, shall
be protected. .
KANSAS AFFAIRS—EMIGRANT AID SOCIETY.
SPEECH OF HON. MARK TRAFTON,
OF MASSACHUSETTS,
In the House op Representatives,
March 12, 1856,
On the Resolution reported by the Committee of Elections
in the Contested-Election case from Kansas Territory.
Mr. TRAFTON said:
Mr. Speaker: I do not propose, in the few
remarks I shall make, to give myself a very wide
ral,ge i wish to confine my attention particu-
larly to one or two points. 1 think the question
now before this House is narrowed to a point.
The question simply is, are these things so as
alleged in the report of the Committee of Elec-
tions ? The interest at stake is not the interest
of Governor Reeder, or the interest of General
Whitfield, or the interest of any other individ-
ual, nor the interest of any particular portion of
this wide-spread land. It i a question of interest
beyond all these. If Governor Reeder justly
claims his seat, then this House ought to cheer-
fully accord the seat in contest to that gentleman ?
If General Whitfield justly claims it, then he
ought to hold it. But when the facts shall have
been spread before the House, and the evidence
adduced shall have been brought in, my under-
standing shall be open to receive the light of that
evidence. I will then as cheerfully vote for Gen- 1
eral Whitfield, if I am convinced that the seat j
justly belongs to him, as I will vote for Governor 1
Reeder. We are not acting here alone with ref-
erence to the condition of things in that Territory
of Kansas. ;
It strikes me that this question looks further ,
still. Every member of this body will agree with
me in this. It looks down the vista of coming
time and coming ages; and those who shall come
after us are interested in this question as deeply
as we are; and for them, as custodians of their j
rights and their interests, we ought to look at this
matter quietly and calmly and deliberately; yet
manfully decide it on the merits of the question.
And now, Mr. Speaker, the Committee of Elec-
tions come into this House and make a report;
they say that there are certain allegations. They
spread them before us. They say that there has
been an invasion of the rights of the actual set-
tlers of the Territory of Kansas. They say that j
foreigners, who had no right there came in armed,
with music—it may be " Blue Bonnets over the
border," or "Hail Columbia!"—that they came I
in with cannon, with tents, with cooking utensils— j
that they came in to vote, and that when they had
voted they departed. I do not say these are facts.
They are allegations. They are set forth by I
parties who profess to have knowledge on which I
their statements are rested. These are the allega- ;
tions presented in the report of the Committee
of Elections. Instead of deciding that question
for themselves, what do they ask ? Not to receive
their ipse dixit, not to take their mere say-so, not
to believe rumor, not to take hearsay, but they
ask for power to send for persons and papers.
. In other words, they ask to establish these things
if they be so; to prove them false if they be not
so. lean hardly "'think there is a {gentleman on
the floor of this House who will rise up in his
place and say that this reasonable request ought
not to be granted.
Are these things so ? General WTiitfield, on
the other hand, denies these allegations. The
minority report, made by the eloquent gentleman
from Georgia, [Mr. Stephens,] denies these alle-
gations. They say that there has been trespass
in ihat Territory on the rights of actual settlers
bjT northern men—northern " ruffians," if you
please; that men were hired, botight up for the
occasion—men from alms-houses—men gathered
up in the streets of Boston. Now, I am inter-
ested to know whether these things be so.
I cannot act here in my seat—these gentlemen
on this floor cannot act understanding^, until
there is more light thrown on them thanjliere is ,
at present brought to bear on them. If?on the
other hand, these things be so, and after the evi-
dence shall have been brought in, they are proved
to be so—if the aggression has been on the part
of northern men, I should be as ready as any
other man to censure that aggression and disap-
prove of these acts.
But I understand it is admitted that there was
an invasion. I understood the gentleman from
Missouri, [Mr. Oliver,] last Friday, to admit
that the inhabitants of Missouri had gone over
into Kansas, and had voted in that Territory.
If I misunderstood the gentleman, I should be
i happy to be corrected. 1 do not see the gentle-
! man in his seat.
Mr. STEPHENS. I recollect very well that
the gentleman from Missouri expressly said that
he was not aware that a single man from Mis-
souri voted in that Territory.
Mr. KEITT. The gentleman from Missouri is
necessarily absent from the House this morning.
Mr. TRAFTON. I understood that gentleman
to admit that Missourians had gone into that
Territory. He made the admission, and did not
deny it. I supposed the gentleman was present
this morning, and I am sorry he is not in his
seat.
Mr. STEPHENS. If the gentleman'willallow
me, I will state what I understood the gentleman
from Missouri to say.
Mr. TRAFTON. I will not yield now. The
gentleir an will have abundant opportunity to re-
ply tr, my remarks when I have closed.
Now, the great reason offered as an objection
' to granting the request of the Committee of Elec- j
tions to have power to send for persons and pa-
pers, is, that a society called the " New England
Emigrant Aid Society" has had something to do
with this matter, and therefore we should not look
into the facts of the case. They say that a great
wrong has been perpetrated by Massachusetts
men, oy New England men, banded and associ-
ated together, called the New England Emigrant
Aid Society; and because that wrong has been
perpetrated we should not look into the matter,
to ascertain what are the facts of the case; and,
therefore, because there has been this wrong, they
on the other side may commit another wrong. I
have learned long since that two wrongs can never
make a right. Now, sir, if the New England Em-
igrant Aid Society has committed an offense, it
does not excuse the citizens of Missouri for the
j commission of another offense. If the emigrant
aid society has committed an offense, that does
j not bring back the souls of men who have been
murdered in that Territory. .
But what are the facts in the case ? I propose
' this morning, for a short time, to call the atten-
tion of the House to this great matter of the New
England Emigrant Aid Society. I know this is a
• very startling epithet. It may be, that mothers far
in the West, may hush their crying children by
telling them that if they do not stop, the " New
England Emigrant Aid Society" will be after
them. I should not wonder. It seems some-
thing terrible. Now, what is the " New Eng-
land Emigrant Aid Society ? " Is it a new thing
under the sun ? Is it something unheard of? Is
it a new line of policy adopted in this country ?
Has the thing never been known before ? I admit
the existence of such a society. I have before
me every publication which that society has put
forth to the world, even to the songs with which
they
" Shook the depths of their forest home"
| in that far-off land. They have done nothing in
secret, nothing covertly, nothing of which they
are ashamed, and nothing to call a blush upon
their cheek.
I propose to present this matter to the House
and to the country, but before I- come immedi-
ately to that subject, allow me to sav that the
matter of this New England Emigrant Aid Society
is an old thing. Why, sir, the merit of this dis-
covery does not lie with those gentlemen who
first met together here in the city of Washington,
and put their names to that paper to which our
attention was called last Friday. Itissomethmg
which has been in existence for a long time, and
which has been pursued as a line of policy for
more than two hundred years. Why, sir, there
is not an old State in this Union which was not
settled by the aid of precisely the kind of societies
as that which is now in existence in New Eng-
land, and which has called down upon itself such
heavy anathemas since this debate was opened.
Who peopled Virginia—glorious old Virginia,
as she is called ? Emigrant aid societies. >Vho
peopled Georgia ? Emigrant aid societies. Who
pushed the first settlers up the Missouri, and who
first settled Alabama ? Who first peopled Mas-
sachusetts? Emigrant aid societies. Ah, sir, I
cannot say as much for Plymouth. The Puritan
fathers went without the aid of emigrant societies.
The society which sent them there was a society
of a different character. But the Massachusetts
colony went under the auspices, the protection
of, and were backed up by the influence and
money, of emigrant aid societies. So with every
old State in this Union; and now, forsooth, the
sons of these sires come here and undertake to
censure the New England Emigrant Aid Society
fordoing precisely that to which they owe their
very existence. Ungrateful sons of worthy sires !
I propose to call the attention of the House,
briefly, to a little historical matter, and thud to
stir up the pure minds of our patriarchal brethren
upon the other side of the House. I want the
record. I want to appeal to the law and the tes-
timony. Now, I hold in my hand the first volume
of a history of Virginia, from which I propose
to read some extracts. Sir, how happened
it that individuals ever thought of going to the
wilds of Virginia in those etfrly times? It was
not started by personal enterprise or personal
ambition fl.lone; by no manner of means. Why,
sir, every man present this morning and listening
to me, is perfectly well aware that an association
was formed in England, that a grant of land was
procured, and that a society based upon money
was formed proposing to establish a colony in
Virginia. I nave before me the letters patent,
granting liberty and freedom to a certain individ-
ual, his heirs and assigns, forever, " to discover,
find, search out, and colonize all such heathen
and barbarous lands," &c.
The New England emigrant aid societies re-
ceived a patent something like that: not exactly
to search and find out heathen lands, and all that
sort of thing. The only difference between the
one and the other is, that the one was signed by
the queen of England, and its powers were
granted by the British Parliament; and the powers
of the other were granted by the Massachusetts
Legislature, and signed by the Governor and
Speaker of the House of Representatives, as I
shall show directly.
Well now, sir, when Sir Walter Raleigh had
secured this patent, the next thing to be done was
to form a company, precisely like the New Eng-
land emigrant aid societies. Money was wanted.
Hear what the historian says:
" But Mr. Raleigh, who was taught by the expedition of
SJir H. Gilbert the great expenses which a voyage ol' discov-
ery created, was aniious to associate with him, as partners
in the profits and perils of the adventure,, men of weight,
and such as were attached to him by similarity of taste,"
&c.
By the efforts of the New England aid societies
not two small vessels were provisioned and fitted
out, but a number of cars on the railroads were
filled with men. Pray, where is the difference?
Both these emigrant aid societies were acting in
the same line—both were working for the same
object. These old histories are to me exceedingly
interesting, as illustrating our own times and ef-
forts to promote emigration to new Territories.
Well, sir, on page 63 you will find it written
that the following year three ships were dispatched
under the command of Mr. John White, who was
appointed Governor of the colony, with twelve
councilors. To them Mr. Raleigh gave a charter
of incorporation, under the name of "Governor
and Assistants of the City of Raleigh, in Vir-
ginia," with directions to settle on the river Ches-
apeake, the limit of the northern discoveries.
