appendix to the congressional globe.
[March 12,
'MnrCQKG^rsTSESS^ Kansas Affairs—Emigrant Aid Society—Mr. Trafton.
Ho. of Reps.
I will show you directly the perfect parallel to
this in the charter of the New England emigrant
aid societies. Well, sir, monej was expended.
Ah, sir, I remember the other day when the gen-
tleman from Missouri [Mr.Oliver]—who, lam
sorry, is not now in his seat—stated on the floor
of this House, that the " emigrant aid societies
of New England, had a capital of $5,000,000;
and of course the impression was made that they
had expended some hundreds of thousands of
dollars in buying paupers and street scavengers
for this newly-organized Territory. I will come
to that by-and-by.
I read again from the history:
" Forty thousand pounds at the outset were expended in
the several expeditions to old Virginia, and nothing had as i
yet appeared to justify a hope for the indemnification. |
Not a solitary return, sir, even of a single beaver-1
skin: .£40,000, then equal to nearly *80,000 of i
the present money of Great Britain, had been i
expended, and nothing attained.
Well, sir, they did not give it up; and I am j
glad they did not, because, if they had, our worthy
friends from Virginia would not be here this
morning among us.
1 do not know whether we
would be here ourselves.
Well, sir, let us look at another thing here:
" The immense treasures brought home by the Portu-
guese and Spaniards had filled the minds of the Virginia
company with golden dreams."
Ah, these sire sweet dreams—sometimes "gold-
en dreams!" Thatcompany, located in London,
looking out over this vast continent, expected
by-and-by that galleon after galleon would come
bounding over the waves, filled with bright yellow
ingots. Sir, when the western territory was
opened, there were reports brought to us of the
North and of the East—and they spread through
the West—of broad find glorious prairies covered
with multitudes of beautiful flowers, splendid
streams, magnificent forests—everything to invite
the tiller of the soil. Why, sir, these- reports
filled us all with "golden dreams." Will you
wonder that New England was stirred from cen-
ter to circumference ? Do you wonder that the
hard hand of toil trembled to be about the work
of that territory ? Do you wonder that the eyes
of the earnest young man of New England were
looking out for a home there? Do you wonder
that his. foot should involuntarily lift itself from
the soil to plant itself in Kansas. " Golden
dreams!"—exactly parallel cases! This territory
was ours; it was freedom's domain, consecrated
by the toil, tears, and blood of our fathers. We
had a right to go there, and ask no man's permis-
sion.
Sir, who peopled Maryland? I hold in my
hand the first volume of Bosman's History of
Maryland. I wish to call the attention of the
House to two or three points in the history which
I have before me. It will be remembered by mem-
bers of the House, Mr. Speaker, that the first
efforts to settle this country were made with ref-
erence to the undivided territory of Maryland and
Virginia. In other words, the original: grants
covered the territory of what is now both States.
Here, sir, is an indenture of grant, bearing date
the 7th of January, 1587—new style—granted
to John White, ana twelve".others therein men-
tioned, in which they hwe " freejiberty to carry
with them to, the lately-discovered, barbarous
land—a country called Assamacomock,alias Win-
gandacoia, alias Virginia—there to inhabit them,
such and so many of her Majesty's subjects as
shall willingly accompany them, and also divers
and sundrie other prerogatives, jurisdictions, roy-
alties, and preheminences." Mr. Speaker, here
are the. germs of our modern " emigrant aid so-
ciety," now so condemned by the slaveocracy.
I will not stop to read further. The point to which
I desire to call your attention is, that this coun-
try was settled in pursuance of an emigrant aid
society formed in London.
And now, Mr. Speaker, I want to say to this
House, this mornihg, that emigration from the
North and East to new territories is not a new
thing in the history of the country. Why, sir,
emigration has always tended that way; from
the first settlement of the Massachusetts colony
almost the entire tide of emigration has been flow-
ing westward and southward. This is not the
first time that it has turned in that direction.
Whv, sir, the progenitors of many of the present
inhabitants of Alabama, and of the entire valley
of the Mississippi, started originally from the
Connecticut valley, from the very seat, fromthe
very fountain head of all the fanaticism with which
we are charged. I refer gentlemen to the second
volume of the History of Alabama, page 177, for
full information in reference to this emigrant aid
society. They started from the Connecticut val-
ley, went up the Mississippi river, and planted
themselves m those western wilds; from whence
have sprung the present inhabitants of Missouri,
and a portion, at least, of Alabama.
I have before me a list of the names of the per-
sons who went out under the patronage of that em-
igrant aid society. I have not time to read it, but
the names now Dome by many of the prominent
men of those States will be found there. And I
discover, too, that in this list of names is one of
those terrible reverends, about which so much
has been said in this House, who are said to be
always in every possible sort of agitation. Yet I
find in this list of persons who emigrated to the
valley of the Mississippi one of those terrible
reverends.
Sir, I ask the attention of the House for a
moment to a company formed in 1789. It ap-
pears that there was a very large tract of land
claimed by Georgia, under a charter of Charles
II.—all the territory lying between 31° and 35°,
from the Savannah to the Mississippi. Of this,
five millions of acres were sold to the "South Car-
olina Yazoo Company," and five hundred thou-
sand acres to the " Tennessee Company." Spain
claimed much of this territory, and these diffi-
culties were not yet arranged. " But," says the
historian, " Georgia took the matter into her own
hands, as she has ever done with what concerned
WV-mark that, sir!—" and as she always will
Washington issued a proclamation against the
whole enterprise, " but the Tennessee company
heeded him not!" They went to the territory
against the proclamation of the Executive, threw
up works of defense, and invited settlers to pur-
chase their lands; but the Government forces
attacked the company, drove them out of the
territory, and burned their defenses.
Well, sir, these were nothing more nor less than
emigrant aid societies; formed with a pecuniary
object in view, to be sure, but their object was
still to colonize those vast territories then remain-
ing unoccupied, and they induced these persons
to go there for this purpose.
Now, Mr. Speaker, one extract more in refer-
ence to the South Carolina emigrant aid society:
" This ' aid society' also attempted to ' colonize their
lands,' and constituted one O'Fallan their' emigrant agent,'
who went to Kentucky, ' raised troops, and issued com-
missions in an illegal manner.' But Washington caused
O'Fallan to be arrested, and ordered General St. Clair to
put down by military force all attempts to colonize the
Natchez country."
And now, Mr. Speaker, the citizens of these
same States condemn, as an unconstitutional and
rebellious act, the effort of the New England Em-
igrant Aid Society peaceably to accomplish what
they undertook by force-ana arms.
These were the sentiments of the law-abiding
people of the slaveholdiiig States in this olden
time. I will say, however, for the honor of old
Virginia, that the Virginia Yazoo Company did
not attempt to settle the lands which they had
purchased.
Well, now, sir, I think I have made it clear to
the House that the idea of emigrant aid societies
originated far back in the history of the country,
and, therefore, the New England Emigrant Aid
Society rests upon high precedent. This is one
ground of defense for that organization.
Now, Mr. Speaker, what were the objects of
this emigrant aid society, of which so much has
been said in this House, in its formation; and to
what end have its efforts been directed ? Why,
sir, I assert that they are liberty, freedom, the
right of freemen to occupy free territory—noth-
ing more and nothing less.
There have been no attempts to disguise this
thing. It was not done in a corner. The bill
which repealed the Missouri compromise was
passed in the night—in the dark night, as was fit-
ting for a deed so disgraceful. But how was the
case in the act which followed it ? The first meet-
ing was gathered together here in Washington.
The paper was signed in tli'e open daylight; and it
struck me the other day, when the gentleman from
Missouri alluded to you, Mr. Speaker, as having
been one of the signers of that paper, that you
never did a more glorious and worthy act in your
life—an act of which you may be justly proud
to your latest hour.
1 will read, for the benefit of those who are to
come after me, the act of incorporation of this
New England Emigrant Aid Society. It is as
follows:
Commonwealth of Massachusetts, in the year one thousand
eight hundred and fifty-fire.
AN ACT to incorporate the New England Emigrant Aid
Company.
Be it enacted by the Senate a,id House of Representatives in
General Court assembled, and by the authority of trie same,
as J olio ics:
Section 1. Eli Thayer, Amos A. Lawrence, John M. S.
Williams, and Thomas II. Webb, their associates, success-
ors and assigns, arc hereby made a corporation, by the
name of the New England Emigrant Aid Company, tor the
purpose of directing emigration westward, and aiding in
providing accommodations for the emigrants alter arriving
at their places of destination; and for these purposes tliey
have all the powers and privileges, and are subject to all
the duties, restrictions, and liabilities set forth in the forty-
fourth chapter of the Revised Statutes.
Sec. 2. The capital stock of said corporation shall not
exceed one million of dollars. Said capital stock niay be
invested in real and personal estate : Provided, the said cor-
poration shall not hold real estate in this Commonwealth
to an amount exceeding twenty thousand dollars.
Sec. 3. This act shall take effect from and after its pas-
sage.
House of Representatives, February 16. 1855.
Passed to be enacted, DANIEL C. EDDY", Speaker.
In Senate, February 17,1855.
Passed to be enacted,
HENRY W. BENCHLY, President.
February 21,1855. Approved,
* HENRY J. GARDNER.
Who are the gentlemen thus incorporated to aid
emigration to Kansas ?
I am aware that our southern brethren sup-
posed these gentlemen were fanatics. They have
never been ranked as Abolitionists—have never
been known as anti-slavery men. They have
never been affiliated with Mr. Garrison and the
class he represents; they have never affiliated even
with our common anti-slavery organizations of
the North. Among the officers of this society,
Amos A. Lawrence, J. M. S. Williams, and J.
Lowell, of Boston, are merchant princes. Wo
have Professor Siliiman, of Yale College; Eli
Thayer, of Worcester; and N. A. Chapman, of
Springfield. Are these men fanatics? No!—but
they are anti-slavery men to their hearts'core,
and you have made them such. Your abomin-
able fugitive law made thousands of Abolitionists
in the North; while the unjust and iniquitous
Kansas-Nebraska bill was the "last straw that
broke the camel's back,'' and it has fully awakened
the people of the free States to the aggressive pol-
icy of me slave power. Thank yourselves for
these results.
I might go on and read the names of twenty or
thirty others of like character. Those who know
them will bear witness that they are not fanatics.
They are sober, steady men; intelligent, influen-
tial men. They will not suffer by comparison
with the constituency of the honorable gentle-
man from Missouri, [Mr. Oliver,} who took oc-
casion to give so high a character to those who
sent him to this House. I think that they will
compare favorably with his or any other gentle-
man s constituency.
What was the object of this organization ? It
was to extend the area of freedom. They set
forth, in their plan of operations, that the emi-
grant aid society has been formed to protect
emigrants, as far as may be, from the dangers
which usually attend them. Its duty is to or-
ganize emigration to the West, to bring it into a
system. That was the object. It has been as-
serted on this floor, again and again, that this
society have hired men to go to Kansas to vote;
that they paid their expenses; that they took
them from the chilly regions of poverty and deg-
radation into their bosoms, warmed them into
life, and set them down in the western Territo-
ries to control the elections there, and for nothing
else. There is not a word of truth in these allega-
tions. The emigrant aid society has never paid
