1760
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
•July 25.
A bill for the relief of Pollard Brown, a soldier
of the Revolution; and
A bill for the relief of John T. Robertson.
Mr. S. also made an adverse report on the peti-
tion of A. T. Pratt; which was laid upon the
table, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. CASKIE, from the same committee, re-
ported a bill for the relief of JohnGr. Camp; which
was read a first and second time, referred to a
Committee of the "Whole House, and ordered to
be printed.
Mr. TAPPAN, from the same committee, re-
ported a bill for the relief of Robert T. Birchett;
which was read a first and second time, referred
to a Committee of the Whole House, and ordered
to be printed.
Mr. ETHERIDGE, from the Committee on
Private Land Claims, reported the following- bills;
which were read a first and second time, referred
to a Committee of the Whole House, and ordered
to be printed:
A bill for the relief of George P. Baltzell, as-
signee of James Baltzell; and
A bill for the relief of John L, Vattier.
Mr. PORTER, from tfcfe same committee, re-
ported a bill for the relief of James L. Disharoon,
of St. Louis county, Missouri; which was read a
first and second time, referred to a Committee of
the Whole House, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. HORTON, of New York, from the same
committee, reported a billior.the relief of Har-
riet Peet, child and only neir of Jolfn Peet, de-
ceased; which was read a first and second time,
referred to a Committee of the Whole House,
and ordered to be printed.
Air. HORTON, of Ohio, from the same com-
mittee, reported the following bills; which were
severally read a first and second time, referred to
a Committee of the Whole House, and ordered
to be printed:
A bill for the relief of the heirs of Jaques God-
fro v; and
A bill for the relief of William Packwood, a
citizen of Washington Territory.
Mr. WILLIAMS, from the Committee on
Military Affairs, reported a bill for the relief of
Samuel S. Haight; which was read a first and
oecond time, referred to a Committee of the Whole
House, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. W., from the same committee, presented
an adverse report on the petition of Kerr, Burn-
ley & Company; which was ordered to be laid
on the tabic and printed; and the committee was
discharged from the further consideration thereof.
Mr. SAPP, from the same committee, reported
the following bills; which were severally read a
first and second time, referred to a Committee of
the Whole House, and ordered to be printed:
A bill granting a pension to Martha Elliott,
widow of Samuel Elliott, a soldier in the war of
1812;and
A bill for the relief of Harriet S. Fisher, ad-
ministratrix of M. W. Fisher, deceased, and
Richard M. Bouton.
Mr.QAJITMAN, from the same committee,
reported back, without amendment, Senate bill
(INo. 3Uy,) for the relief of Brevet Brigadier Gen-
erulJohn B. Walback, of the United States Army;
which was referred to a Committee of the Whole
PIousu, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. JBUFFINTON, from the same committee,
reported a bill for the relief of Daniel Waldo;
which was read a first and second time, referred
to a (Jommitttee of the Whole House, and or-
dered to be printed.
Mr. AIKEN, from the Committee on Foreign
Affairs, presented an averse report on the appli-
cation of Robert M. Hamilton, United States
CorisulatMontevideo; which waslaid on the table,
and ordered to be printed; and llu1 committee was ,
discharged from the further consideration thereof.
Mr. SAVAGE, from the Committee on In- -
valid Pensions, reported a bill for the relief of t
Terence Kerby, and a bill for the relief of John |
Draub; which were severally read a first and j
second time, and referred to a Committee of the
Whole House, and ordered to be printed. :
Mr. SAVAGE. I also present a bill for the
relie f of the officers and soldiersof the war of 1812, ;
with Great Britain, and to those engaged in  !
Mr. JONES, (interrupting.) I object. :
The SPEAKER, It is not a private bill, and
cannot be received under the rule. j.
Mr. TALBOTT, from the same committee, '
reported a bill for the benefit of William L.Oliver,
and a bill granting a pension to Franklin W.
Armstrong, of Hardin county, Kentucky; which
were severally read a first and second time, referred
to a Committee of the Whole House, and. ordered
to be pruned,
Mr. T.,from the same committee, made an
adverse report on the petition of citizens of Hart
county, State of Kentucky, praying that a pen-
sion be granted to Daniel Robinson; which was
laid on the table, and ordered to be printed; and
the committee was discharged from the further
consideration thereof.
Mr. OLIVER, of New York, from the same
committee, reported a bill for the relief of Mary
F. Swan; which was read a first and second time,
referred to a Committee of the Whole House,
and ordered to be printed.
Mr. 0., from the same committee,also reported
back, without amendment, Senate bill (No. 375)
for the relief of Eliza E. McNeil; which was
referred to a Committee of the Whole House,
and ordered to be printed.
Mr. OLIVER. I ask the unanimous consent
of the House that this bill may be considered at
this time.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I object.
Mr. OLIVER, from the same committee, also
reported back, without amendment, an act (S.
No. 300) granting a pension to Mary A. M.
Jones, and an act (S. No. 349) for the relief of
Nathan N. Lounsbury; which were severally
referred to a Committee of the Whole House, and
ordered to be printed.
Mr. OLIVER. 1 hold in my hand, Mr. Speaker,
two petitions, which I desire to present to the
House for reference. One is from the board of
supervisors of the county of Ontario, in the State
of New York, praying an appropriation sufficient
to cover the additional expense to be incurred in
providing suitable rooms for the Federal courts,
and the officers belonging to them, in the building
which the board proposes to erect for the State
courts. The other is from members of the bar,
chiefly in western New York, expressing them-
selves strongly in favor of an appropriation of
such reasonable sum as may be ample for pro-
viding suitable rooms for the accommodation of
the Federal courts, and their officers, at that
central point. The grounds upon which the pray-
ers of these memorialists, or petitioners, are put,
are fully stated in these papers, and I doubt not
will prove entirely satisfactory to the committee
and to the House. I ask unanimous consent that
they be referred to the Committee on the Judi-
ciary.
A Member. I object.
The SJPHAKER. Objection is made.
Mr. OLIVER. Sir, I will then have them
referred, under the rules, to that committee.
Mr. DICKSON, from the same committee, re-
ported a bill for the relief of General Solomon
Van Rensselaer, and a bill for the relief of John
llouser; which were severally read a first and
second time, referred to a Committee of the
Whole House, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. D., from the same committee, presentedan
adverse repent on the memorial of John Morri-
son; which was laid on the table, and ordered to
be printed; and the committee was discharged
from the further consideration thereof.
Mr. CHAFFEE. I am directed by the Com-
mittee on Patents to report a bill to establish re-
ciprocity in granting patents between the United
States and other countries.
Objection was made.
The SPEAKER. It is not a private bill, and
cannot be received under the lules. i
Mr. PHELPS. I reported a private bill this j
morning from the Committee of Ways and Means j
for the relief of Franck Taylor. That bill was [
intrusted to the care of one of my colleagues on i
the committee, who is now absent. I have re- j
ported it without his asking me to do so; but the j
committee had directed it to be reported. Perhaps
the gentleman may have desired some other course j
to be taken than that which I have pursued; I !
therefore ask leave that a motion to reconsider j
may be entered; no that if the course pursued with |
the bill does not meet his approbation, it may be j
reconsidered; but if it meets his approbation I ;
shall ask leave tn withdraw the motion to recon- !
sider. 11
The motion was entered.
Mr. GIDDINGS. I move that we now pass
to bills on the Speaker's table.
The motion was agreed to.
CHARLES J. INGERSOLL.
The SPEAKER announced the first business
in order to be the bill of the House (No. 125) for
the relief of Charles J. Ingersoll, the pending
question being on ordering the bill to be engrossed
and read a third time, upon which the previous
question had been demanded.
The bill was read.
Mr. McMULLIN. I ask for the reading of
the report.
The SPEAKER. The previous question hav-
ing been demanded, it is not in order to have the
report read, except by unanimous consent.
Mr. STEPHENS. I called the previous ques-
tion. I now withdraw the call, and ask for the
reading of the report.
The report was read.
Mr. STEPHENS. I now renew the demand
for the previous question.
Mr. ALLISON. I hope the gentleman will
withdraw the demand, and allow me to submit a
few remarks upon this bill.
Mr. STEPHENS. This bill has been fully
discussed upon former occasions. I do not wish
to obstruct the business of the House with it;
and 1 therefore insist upon the demand for the
previous question.
Mr. ALLISON. I move to lay the bill upon
the table.
Mr. McMULLIN. I believe this bill is placed
regularly on its passage, so that my objection
will not permit its consideration.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Vir-
ginia states correctly.
Mr. FLORENCE demanded the yeas and nays
upon the motion to lay on the table.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken on the motion; and it
was decided in the affirmative—yeas 111, nays
55; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Albright, Allison, Bail, Baibour, Henry
Bennett, Bilhnghurst, Bradshaw, Branch, Brenton/Buffin-
ton, Burnett, John P. Campbell, Carlile, Ezra Clai'k, Wil-
liamson R. W. Cobb, Covode, Cox, Cragin, Craige, CuiJen,
Cumback, Pamrell, Dean, Dick, Dickson, Durfee, Ed-
muridsori, Elliott, Emrie, Ethcndge, Eustis, Evans, Flagler,
Galloway, Goode, Granger, Harlan. Hoffman, Valentine B.
Hoiton, Houston, Hugliston, Jewett, Geoige VV. Jones,
Kelsey, Kidwell, King, Knapp, Knight, Ivnowlton, Knox,
Leiter, Letclier, Matteson, McCarty, McMuIhn, Kilhan
Miller, Smith Miller, Millson. Morgan, Moirill, Mott, Nor-
ton, Andrew Oliver, Parker, Pelton, Perry, Pettit, Phelps,
Pike, Powell, Piingle, Purviance, Puryear, Quitman, lleade,
Ready, Bicand, Rivers, Roberts, Ruffin,Sabin, Sapp,Scott,
Sherman, Shorter, Simmons, Samuel A. Smith, Sneed,
Stranalian, Taibott, Tappan, Taylor, Thormgton, Thur&ton,
Todd, Trafton, Underwood, Valk, Wade, Wakeman. Wal-
bridge, Waidion, Warner, Israel Washburn, Watkms,
Whitney, Winslow, Wood, Woodruff, Woodworth, and
John V. Wright—111.
NAYS — Me««r«i. Aiken, Barksdale, Bell, Hendley S.
Bennett, Benson, Bingham, Bowie. Broom, Lewis D.
Campbell, Caruthers, Caskie, Chaffee, Bayard Clarke,
Clawson, Clingman, Colfax, Comins, Crawford, Denver,
Dmvdell, Dunn, English, Florence, Foster, Thomas J. I>.
Fuller, Gilbert. Greenwood, Thomas L. Harris, Harrison,
Haven, Thonidb It. Horton, Kelly, Lake, Lumpkin, Samuel
S. Marshall, Maxwell, NichoN, Packer, Peck, Pennington,
Porter, Ritchie, Robbins, Rust, Sage, Savage, Spinner,
Stanton, Stephens, Stewart, Swope, Tyson', Eliiiiu B.
VVashburnc, Wells, and Williams—55.
So the bill was laid upon the table.
Pending the call of the roll,
Mr. FAULKNER stated that he had paired off
with Mr. Wastiburne, of Wisconsin.
Mr. FLORENCE stated that he had paired off
for the day with his colleague, Mr. Grow , who was
indisposed, upon every question except this.
Mr. ALLISON moved to rcconsider the vote
by which the bill wag laid upon the table, and
also moved to lay the motion to reconsider upon
the table; which latter motion was agreed to.
ANSON DART.
The House next proceeded to consider the bill
of the Senate (No. GO) for the relief of Anson
Dart, which had been reported from a Committee
of the Whole House without amendment; the
pending question being on ordering the bill to a
third reading.
The bill was read. It directs the proper ac-
counting officers of the Treasury Department to
account with and allow to Anson Dart, late super-
intendent of Indian affairs in Oregon Territory,
for the time he served as such, $3,500 per annum,
deducting therefrom the compensation received
