16#
THE CONGRESSIONAL 0LO1E.
January 7.
For Mr. Ttichar'hon—Messrs. Aiken? Allen, Ba.relay,
Barksdale, Bell, Boeocfc, Bowie, Boyce, Branch, Brooks,
Cadwalader, Caruthers, Caskie, Clinffman, Howell Gobi),
Williamson R. W. Cobb, Craige, Crawford, Davidson,
Denver, Dowdell, Edmundson, Elhott, English, Faulkner,
Florence, Thomas J. D. Fuller, Goode, Greenwood, Au-
gustus Hall, Sampson W. Harris, TUpmas L. Harris, Her-
bert, Houston, Jewett, George W. Jones, J. Glancy Jones,
Keitt, Kelly, Kidive'll,'Letcher, Lumpkin, Samuel S. Mar-
shall, Maxwell, McMullin, McQueen, Smith Miller, Mill-
son, Mordeeai Oliver, Orr, Packer, Peck, Phelps, Po>vell,
Ututinan, iiuffin, Rust, Sandidge, Savage, Shorter, Samuel
A. Smith, William Smith, Stephens, Stewart, Talbott,
Taylor, Vail, Warner, Watkins, Wmslow, and John V.
Wright.
For Mr. Fuller—Messrs. Broom, John P. Campbell, Bay-
ard Clark, Cox, Culien, Henry Winter Davis, Eustis,
'Evans, Foster, J. Morrison Harris, Hoffman, Kennett,
LakejLindley, Humphrey Marshall, Paine, Porter, Puryear,
Reade, Iticaud, William R. Smith, Sneed, Swope, Tiippe,
Underwood, Valk, Walker, Whitney, and Zollicoffer.
For Mr. Pennington—Messrs. Dunn, Edwards, Harrison,
Haven, Moore, and Scott.
For Mr. Orr—Messrs. "Richardson and Williams,
For Mr. Williams—Mr. Wheeler.
For Mr. Porter—Mr. Henry M. Fuller.
For Mr. MilUon—Mr. Etheridge.
[Cries of " Call tberoll!"]
Mr. GOODE. I move that the House do now
adjourn.
The motion was agreed to; and thereupon (at
four o'clock) the House adjourned until Monday
next) at twelve o'clock, m.
IN SENATE.
Monday, January 7, 1356.
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. Henry C. Dean.
jThe Journal of Thursday last was read and
approved.
PETITIONS, ETC.
Mr. SUMNER presfcted the petition of citi-
zens of the United States, interested in the navi-
gation of Martha's Vineyard and Long Island
Sounds, and the memorial of a committee of the
Boston Marine Society, both praying an appro-
priation for the erection of a light-house on Block
Island; which were referred to the Committee on
Commerce.
Mr. SEWARD presented the petition of Cath-
arine Jacobs, widow of Francis Jacobs, a waiter
in the household of General Washington during
the revolutionary war, praying for a pension;
which was referred to the Committee on Pen-
sions. *
Also, the petition of John and Elizabeth Bel-
linger, heirs of Frederick Bellinger, a revolu-
tionary soldier, praying for commutation pay;
which was referred to the Committee on Revolu-
tionary Claims.
Also, additional documents in the case of Sam-
uel Lockwood, late of the United States Navy,
who was placed on the retired list by the action
of the late naval board; which were referred to
the Committee on Naval Affairs.
Also, a document in relation to the claim of
Nathan Cook, a revolutionary soldier, to a pen-
sion; which was referred to the Committee on
Pensions.
Mr. JONES, of Iowa, presented two petitions
of citizens of Iowa, praying for the establishment
of a new semi-weekly mail route from Monte-
zuma to Pella, in that State; and also a new post
office on that route, to be called Mill Grove; which
were referred to the Committee 011 the Post Office
and Post Roads.
Mr. BROWN presented the memorial of John
A. Ragan, proposing to put in execution a plan
discovered by him for preventing the overflow of
the Mississippi river and its tributaries, on con-
dition of a grant of every alternate section of the
lands reclaimed from inundation; which was re-
ferred to the Committee on Public Lands.
Mr. BRODHEAD presented the petition of
Alison Logan, mother of Henry J. Paul, late a
lieutenant m the Navy, who was drowned in the
, Gulf of Mexico in 1838, praying to be allowed a
pension; which was referred to the Committee on
Pensions.
Mr. MASON presented the memorial of Wil-
liam M. Armstrong, a commander in the Navy,
who was placed on the reserved list by the de-
cision of the late naval board, praying to be re-
stored to his position on the Navy list; which was
referred to the Committee on Naval Affairs.
Also, the petition of H. H. Rhodes, late a lieu-
tenant in the Navy, praying to be restored to his
rank in the service, from which he was dropped
under- a decision of the late naval board; which
was referred to the Committee on Naval Affairs..
Also, the petition of Joseph Myers, late a
commander in the Navy, who was placed on the
reserved list by a decision of the late naval
board, praying to be restored to his position on
the Navy list; which was referred to the Com-
mittee 011 Naval Affairs.
Mr. FOOT submitted documents in relation
to the claim of Lucinda Peters, wife of Barton
Peters, to a pension for the services of her father,
Hezekiah Herendeen, a revolutionary soldier;
which were referred to the Committee on Pen-
sions.
Mr. COLLAMER presented the petition of
Robert Graham, representing one of the heirs of
the late General Arthur St. Clair, praying to be
indemnified for sacrifices and losses incurred by
General St. Clair in discharging a debt contracted
by him for the use of the Government, while
acting as superintendent of Indian affairs in the
Northwest Territory; which was referred to the
Committee on Claims.
Also, the petition of William Bingham, who
was in the military service of the United States
during the war of 1812, praying for a pension;
which was referred to the Committee on Pensions.
Mr. MALLORY presented the petition of Wil-
liam Marvin, praying for the confirmation of bis
title to certain lands in Florida, claimed under a
Spanish grant; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Private Land Claims.
PAPERS WITHDRAWN AND REFERRED.
On motion by Mr. WADE, it was
Ordered, That the petition and accompanying papers of
Polly Scott, piaying to bo allowed the bounty land and pay
to which her son, Benjamin 1!. Scott, was entitled 011 ac-
count of nulitaiy services 111 Mexico, he withdiawn from
the files of the Senate, and referred to the Committee on
Pensions.
On motion by Mr. ADAMS, it was
Ordered, That the petition and papers of David Gordon
be withdiawn from the files of the Senate, and referred to
the Committee on Claims.
On motion by Mr. BROWN, it was
Ordered, That the petition and accompanying papers of
John H. Home, ptajing that money illegally icquired of
lnm by the Government in payment for land mav be refunded
witli mteiest, oe withdrawn from the files of the Senate
and refeired to the Committee on Indian Alfaus,
On motion by Mr. BROWN,it was
Ordered, That the documents 111 relation to the claim of
Levi C. Ilaais jbr a pension on account of a wound re-
ceived dm ing tlx- last war u ith Groat Butiun, be witndrawn
fiom the files of the Senate, and lefened to the Commit-
tee on tensions.
On motion by Mr. JONES, of Tennessee, it was
Ordered, That the petition anil papers of Anthony Ran-
kin he withdrawn from the files of ihe Senate, and referred
to the Committee on Claims.
On motion by Mr. HUNTER, it was
Ordered, That the heirs of Richard B. Ma^on have leave
to withdraw their petition and papeis.
On motion by Mr. HAMLIN, it was
Ordered, That the petition and papers of citizens of
ScdgWick and IJrooklm, Maine, piaying that fishing bounty
may be allowed m the ca&e of the schooner Union, be
withdrawn fiom the files of the Senate, and referred to the
Committee on Commerce.
On motion by Mr. MALLORY, it was
Ordered, That the iiienional and accompanying papers of
O^car F. Johnston, a pa^ed midshipman in the United
•States Navy, praying for the difference between the com-
pensation ot a nudslnpmau and a passed midshipman, from
the date ot his piomotion to the date of his wairaut, he
withdiawn from the tiles of the Senate, and leferred to the
Committee oji Naval Afiairs.
COLONEL MONTGOMERY.
Mr. BROWN presented the following resolu-
tion ; which was considered by unanimous consent,
and agreed to :
Resolved, That the Piesident of the United States he re-
quested to communicate to the Senate the proceedings of
the comt maiual 111 the case ol Colonel Montgomery, of
the (Jmied urates Ai my.
CIRCUIT COURT IN FLORIDA.
Mr. MALLORY presented the following reso-
lution; whieh was considered by unanimous con-
sent, and agreed to:
Rcsohed, That the Committee on the Judiciary be 111-
stuieted to inquire and repoit as to the expediency of pio-
vidmg for appeals and wilts of eiroi fiom the district courts
of the United States 111 Florida to a circuit court.
APPALACHICOLA MARINE, HOSPITAL.
Mr. MALLORY presented the following' reso-
lution; which was considered by unanimous con-
sent, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee on Commeicebe instructed
to inquire mto the expediency of establishing a marine hos-
pital at Appalaelncola, 111 the State of Florida.
Mr. MALLORY submitted a document on the
same subject; which was referred to the Commit-
tee on Commerce.
INITIATION OF APPROPRIATION BILLS
Mr. BRODHEAD. I move that the Senate
proceed to the consideration of the resolution
which I submitted on the 11th of December,which
is in these terms:
Resolved, That the Committee on Finance he directed to
inquire into the expediency of reporting the appropriation
bills for the support of the Government, or adopting other
measures, with a view of obtaining more speedy action on
said bills.
The motion to proceed to the consideration of
the resolution was agreed to.
Mr. BRODHEAD. Mr. President, I beg leave
to submit a few suggestions and considerations,
very briefly, in support of this resolution. The
evils which it is intended to remedy are well known
at the seat of the Government, but they may not
be so well known throughout the country. I
allude to the protracted sessions, and especially
to the night sessions, during whioJi the appropria-
tion bills are usually considered, and some forty
or fifty millions of dollars are voted away; and
voted, too, during the absence of the best and
most experienced Senators, who, in consequence
of physical exhaustion, are not able to remain in
the Senate Chamber to the midnight hours. It
is desirable to prevent midnight sessions, also,
because it is known that scenes sometimes occur
in those night sessions which a sense of-delicacy
prevents me from describing. X may, however,
say with great truth, that if, at such times, Cotf-
gress is not in possession of the jobbers, both
Houses arc at least besieged by them. Wlmt is
the cause of this ? I undertake to say that it is
in consequence of the delay on the part of the
House of Representatives in considering and
sending to us the appropriation bills. An allega-
tion of this kind should at once be followed by
the proof; and this I am ready to offer.
1 have looked into the history of legislation
with considerable care, and have prepared a state-
ment which exhibits the general fact that, during
a long session, the House of Representatives
retains the principal appropriation bills—to wit:
the civil and diplomatic, the Army, and the Navy
appropriation bills, (which together provide for
the expenditure of about forty millions of dollars,)
—for generally two hundred days, and leaves the
Senate about ten days to consider them. I have
prepared a statement, showing the days on which
the principal appropriation bills for the support
of tlie Government were received in the Senate
from the House of Representatives, the number
of days of each session expended by the House
before maturing and passing each bill, the num-
ber of remaining days of the session left to the
Senate for its action upon each bill, the whole
number of days in each session, with the periods
of adjournment. This table begins in 1842, and
concludes at the close of the last session in 1855.
I desire to call particular attention to what ap- '
pears upon the table from 1850 to the close of the
last session—a period of five years, during which
the evil has assumed an alarming magnitude. In
1850, the House of Representatives took two
hundred and sixty-nine days to consider the civil
and diplomatic appropriation bill, and the Senate
had thirty-three days left for its consideration
and disposition. In the same year, the Senate
had but four days to consider the Army appro-
priation bill, and six days for the naval appro-
priation bill. In 1851, the House of representa-
tives took eighty-seven days to consider the civil
and diplomatic bill, and five days remained for
the Senate to act upon it. At the same session,
but three days were left to the Senate for the
consideration of the Army, and a part of the last
day for the consideration of the Navy appropria-
tion bill. In 1852 the House consumed two hun-
dred and fifty-six days before sending us the civil
and diplomatic appropriation bill, and but nine-
teen days of the session remained for its consid-
eration m this body. At the same session but
fifteen days of our time remained when we received
the Army appropriation bill, and but ten days
when the Navy appropriations were transmitted
to us. In 1853, seventy-eight days of the ses-
sion passed away before we received the civil and
diplomaticbill, and but ten days remained. At
the same session we had only three days for the
consideration of the Navy, and nineteen days for
the consideration of the Army, appropriation bill
'i/
