1856.] APPENDIX TO THE C6NGR#MNA£. GLOBE.
34th Cong.... 1st Sess. Kansas Affairs—Emigrant Aid Society—Mr. Trafton.
1511
Ho. of Reps.
the passage of one solitary man to Kansas. I
challenge m this successful contradiction. They
have nover given a bonus to one solitary man,
or offered it to any man, or to any company of
men. They have held out no inducements other
than these: 'They have said that they •would build
a hotel in that Territory, that the emigrants
may have a resting-place when they reach the
Territory; that they will put up a saw-mill; that
they will endeavor to bring about the emigrants
some of the comforts of social life which they
sacrifice to go and build a new free State in the
Territory of Kansas. That is all; no more, no
less.
The capital of the society is $1,000,000, but
they have never received into their treasury quite
¥>0,000. They have not expended quite $50,000.
hey have made arrangements by which railroad
companies will transport emigrants at reduced
rates, precisely as foreign emigrants are trans-
ported to our western Territories—precisely as
they transport large companies of men for any
aild all objects.' They have never taken men from
tha poor-houses or penitentiaries and sent them
to Kansas for the purpose of forming a new State
B in the West. I know that the emigrants to that
Terrjjory have been foully slandered in this re-
spect. They have been basely calumniated. "Who
are they? The hard-handed artisan and the
honest, hard-working yeomanry of the free States
have gone there. Tney are honorable, respect-
able men—men of character. Many have gone
there with whom I am personally acquainted. I
have never known a man go there who started
from New England that did not bear at home
the highest character for intelligence and upright-
ness.
The emigrant aid society have put forth an ad-
dress, particularly to the citizens of Missouri. It
is a calm and well-written Christian address.
They no doubt believe that the Missourians were
honest in their impression that there was a foray
made on them in that region by the emigrant aid
society; that their rights are being invaded, and
their interests periled. Let us hear ^iat they
say; and this is attested by men whostnntegrity
will not be questioned upon the floor of this ;
House. They say: *• j
. " In the published resolutions of the convention lately '
held in Lexington, Missouri, we find misstatements in re-
gard to oor enterprise, which we desire to correct. This
company is the only incorporated association known to us
in the United States which has for its object both assistance
and organization for western emigration. We must, there-
fore, infer that we are referred to in the resolutions which
allude to ' moneyed associations under the patronage of sov-
ereign States of this Union.' I
" The resolutions charge this company, then;
" I. With recruiting armies and hiring fanatics to go to :
Kansas. j
" II. With fanatical aggression on Missouri, with the in-
tention of putting the torch to the dwellings and the knife
to the throats of its psople.
" HI. With sending persons to Kansas who do not intend
to remain there, but who go only to interfere with and control
the actual settlers.
" It is easy for us to show the entire falsehood of every
one of these charges.
" 1. To the charge of'recruiting armies and hiringfanat-
ics to go to Kansas,'our answer is very simple. We Have
never hired a man to go there, or paid the passage of a single
emigrant. Every settler who has gone out under our aus-
pices, has himself provided the means for his passage."
" To speak of such men as ' paupers,'' mercenaries,' and
' hired adventurers,' is simply absurd. They are American
citizens, who have the enthusiasm which all their country-
men have for colonizing new regions, and bringing them
under the sway of man. I
" They carry with them their education, their skill, their
money. They are erecting in Kansas their steam engines,
their machine shops, their factories of wood, paper, iron,
and all things useful to men. They have gone there be-
cause they had a right there—because they chose to go— j
because they had the means to go—and because they be-
lieved that in so doingthey could better their condition, and, ;
perhaps, do good service to God and man.
" That they might go conveniently and cheaply, this
company has been organized. It is one of the customs of
New England for men to organize themselves to work in i
cooperation for any object which they can achieve thus
better than as separate individuals. This is one of our in-
stitutions to which we are attached, and to which we owe
much of our prosperity."
" On his arrival in a new country the chief difficulty of
a settler is in the want of capital. This want is particularly
felt in Kansas. One of the resolutions of the Lexington,
convention expresses regret that the settlement of Kansas
was not left to lonely pioneers, like those who settled Ohio
and Indiana. We refer you to the letter of General B. F.
Stringfellow to Messrs. Clingman, Brooks, and others, for
the opinion on this point of one who knows that country.
" General Stringfellow assures those gentlemen that such
a settlement is impossible; that such pioneers as have hith-
I erto leveled the ft)rests and broken up the ' plains of the
West,' cannot do the same work in Kansas. His letter
shows that such laborers need the resources of capital, and
that capital may well be embarked in assisting them, to the
mutual benefit of all concerned.
" So soon as it was evident that the westward emigrants
from New England intended to move in large numbers to
Kansas, it became clear to us that their most urgent need
would be for those improvements which capital, and that
only, can supply. They must have, first of all, comfortable
houses, school-houses, and churches. To supply sawed
lumber for these, they must have saw-mills. They must
also have hotels, bridges, grist-mills, and other conveni-
ences, to secure which their own capital was necessarily
inadequate. We at once, therefore, connected with our
undertakings for the assistance of emigrants on the way,
such investment of capital in Kansas as would relieve some
of these first wants of the new settlements. Our intelli-
gence from the Territory shows us that we judged rightly;
and with the'daily increase of our capital we continue our
investments in this way. They are expenditures of ad-
vantage to every settler, whether he goes from us or from
you.
" You wiH see at once, from these statements, that it is
directly for our interest that the-emigrants to Kansas should
be actual settlers. We advise none others to go there, and
we encourage all to stay. We try to make their condition
there as comfortable as we can. When a homesick boy
comes back to say that the land is barren and worthless, it
is quite as much a matter of regret to us as it can possibly
be to you. We join you heart and hand in the wish that
Kansas may never see any settlers but bona fide settlers.
We have done much to induce all who go to remain. With
our increased facilities for promoting their comfort, we shall
be able tb do more.
" You will observe that our plan involves no control what-
ever of the men who go to Kansas with passage tickets ob-
tained by Qur intervention. We ask no questions of those
who buy. They are pledged to no party. If they are
' fanatics,' it is no fault of ours. If they are spies upon
our transactions, it is a matter of indifference to us. All we
know, is that they want to go to Kansas, and we aid them
by all the means in our power.
" We are perfectly willing to add, however, what you
must already be aware of, that when we organized ourselves
to extend such facilities to the emigrants from the East, we
knew that they would be men who meant to live in a free
State. They are men who live by hard work, as we all do ;
and they would not go anywhere where they thought the
permanent institutions of the State would make hard work
disgraceful. They knew that by the principles of the Kan-
sas-Nebraska act the actual settlers must control the in-
, stitutians of Kansas and Nebraska. They were willing to
take tlfc chances of an appeal to this principle.
1 '* We have never thought of marching men into Kansas
| for an election, and then bringing them home again. We :
have never seized upon Indian lands against law and right. 1
If we cared to recriminate, we n^ght say tbatcertain asso-
| ciations have committed these outrages; but atl the world
! knows that it was not the NeW England Emigrant Aid
Company. We have relied, and the settlers rely, on the
principle of ' squatter sovereignty,' which leaves the actual
settler unmolested in his hard-earned home. We were ,
almost as confident when we began, as we are certain now, I
that under this principle the actual settlers in Kansas will
, make its laws such as shall prohibit slavery in that Terri-
tory. But the action of these settlers will be on their own
soil in Kansas. They have enough to do there, and luive
neither wish nor thought to interfere with you. They have
interfered with no man's rights, nor will they long allow
any man to interfere with theirs."
Allow me to say, that there has never been
purchased by the emigrant aid society a single
musket, or rifle, or arm of defense of any kind
whatever. That was not the business or the
object of the society. They have never done
this thing charged. If arms nave been furnished
to citizens of the Territory, they have been fur-
nished by themselves, as they had a right to do,
or by others than the society.
The gentleman from Missouri in his speech on
Friday last, made the remark—an astounding
remark to me—that he met hundreds of persons,
sent out by the society, returning .as he went up
the river, and that he often heard the remark made
by them: " We have fulfilled our contract; we
have voted, seen the elephant, and are now going
home. " It is a mistake into which the gentleman
has fallen. It is not so. You may search New
England through, you may go all over the West,
and to all parts of the North, from which persons
went to Kansas, and you will not find one person
in ten, of those who went, who returned. It would
not have been strange if some had returned. How
many returned of those who were sent over as
the first colonists of this country! How many
got disheartened and went back! It is a very
natural thing; but the emigrant aid society has
never yet made a contract with an individual to
go to Kansas Territory to vote and then return.
We have heard the statements made by them in
their address I have read to you, and these state-
ments are reliable, and can.be fully substantiated,
if need be, before any court of justice. They
have aided freemen to make for themselves a home
in that far-off land—men who will lay the foun-
dation of a free and prosperous State, from which
the curse of slavery shall be forever removed.
The true elements of" power are there to form this
foundation, and upon that the superstructure will
rise, and we shall soon welcome her to the fellow-
ship of the Union.
Now, I have a word or two more to say, and 1
will close. New England freemen do not ask
permission of any man, or any body of men, to
go into the free Territories of the United States.
The Emigrant Aid Society does not stoop to ask
permission of any man, wherever he may be
found, whoever he may be, or whatever his po-
sition, for permission to s'md or assist the free
laborers of the North, into the free territory of the
far West. Whose rights are invaded by an act
of this kind ? What contract do we break when
we send our free sons, citizens, and associates,
into these Territories ? Whom do we wrong? Let
gentlemen on the other side of this House remem-'
ber that they put this ball in motion. When
that bill passed this House which broke down
the Missouri compromise—a bill which made
us a stench in the nostrils of civilized Europe—
gentlemen said the race shall be to the swift, and
the battle shall be to the strong. For once, I like
to have said, the Scriptures were overturned, for
in this the race was to the swift. The question
was, who shall first possess this Territory? Let
me say to gentlemen on the other side, " You had
an equal chance with us. You were near the
Territory; a little stream only divided you from .
it. If you desired that Territory, why did you
not simply pass in and take possession, and send
word to the North that the deed was done—that
the Territory was full?"—and that would have
been an end of the strife ? But freedom is swift
upon her pinions, and slavery slow, because
prone and groveling. Freedom is energetic, full
of life and ambition; and in a moment, when the
Territory was organized, she ffelt a new thrill of
hope, and'immediately hundreds and thousands
were on their way for the "West, not to vote
merely in Kansas, not to invade any man's rights,
not to inflict a wrong upon anybody, but to make
for themselves a quiet home in the far West.
And who shall say to those men, "You shall
not go there ?" Where is the power which phall
stop them ?
Had I time, my intention was—and I shall do
it at some other time—to prove, as I think I can
conclusively, that the free Territories of this
country, by constitutional right, belong not to the
slaveocracy, but to the free men and the free
women of the country. It is their birthright, and
they claim it.
I have a word or two to say to the gentleman
from Tennessee, [Mr. Wright,] who addressed
us yesterday. In his remarks he undertook to
arraign the State of Massachusetts before this
House and before the country. He hurled at
the heads of the members of the Massachusetts
Legislature his bold anathemas, and pouted upon
them his vials of vituperation. Let me say to
that gentleman, and to all gentlemen of the class
to which he belongs, that Massachusetts knows
how to take care of her interests—she knows
her duty, and will discharge it—she knows her
obligations, and will keep them—she knows her
rights, and will maintain them. Massachusetts
will never " bend the supple hinges of the knee,"
and ask permission to do this or that; she will do
what she thinks is right, and for justification will
appeal to God and the country. Massachusetts
will never make apologies. Gentlemen may ar-
raign the statutory regulations of Massachusetts,
and bring before this House and the country her
legislation for censure. Massachusetts has no
apology to make'for these things. If Massa-
chusetts laws are unconstitutional, there is your
judiciary. I say to gentlemen as one of old said,
"The law is open; let them implead one an-'
other." Let them bring Massachusetts to the
test, and, if Massachusetts laws are declared to
be unconstitutional, Massachusetts, like a loyal
State, as she has ever been, will submit to the de-
cision. She acts in self-defense; when you pass
a law which perils the liberty of her citizens, of
whatever color or condition, she would be false to
her trust and unworthy of respect if she did not
throw around them the guards of constitutional
law.
