m
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[March 10,
34th Cong....1st Sess.
Kansas Contested Election—Mr. Kurikel.
Ho. of Reps.
KANSAS CONTESTED ELECTION.
SPEECH OF HON. J. C/KUNKEL,
OF PENNSYLVANIA,
In the Hoose of Representatives,
March 10,1856,
On the Resolution reported by the Committee of Elec-
tions on the Contested-Election case from the Territory
. of Kansas.
Mr. KUNKEL said:
Mr. Speaker: I propose to occupy the atten-
tion of the House for a short time upon the ques-
tion directly before it. I wish to be distinctly
understood as expressing no opinion in anything
I may say as to the right of General Whitfield,
the sitting Delegate, to the seat he occupies in this
House, or to the merits of the claim of Governor j
Reeder; for I have, in neither case, formed an
opinion, but am open to such conviction as a
satisfactory disclosure of the facts in controversy
may produce. My object, then, shall be to
confine myself strictly and closely to the question
of the expediency of granting the request of the
Committee of Elections having charge of the
contested election of Delegate from the Territory
of Kansas, " for power to send for persons and
papers, and examine witnesses upon oath or
affirmation."
It seems to me, Mr. Speaker, that the course
which has been pursued by this House so far, on
tliis question, has been of the most extraordinary
character. The memorial "of Governor Reeder
was presented to this House on the 14th of Feb-
ruary last, ordered to be printed, and referred to
the Committee of Elections. Shortly thereafter
that committee came into the House and asked,
in order to the satisfactory discharge of its duty
in the case, for power to send for persons and
papers. That request was acted upon in no other ,
way than by referring the matter back to the
committee, with instructions to report to the I
House the reasons on which they asked for that >
power. The committee communicate the reasons
in detail to the House, and again ask to be em-
powered to send for persons and papers; yet for
days gentlemen on the other side of the Hall I
dispute, inch by inch, the granting the power to i
the committee. Now, sir, I am fully justified in
saying that this is an extraordinary course, as j
there is no precedent for it in the whole history i
of the proceedings of this House. From the in- |
stitution of the Government, down to the present
time, there has never been a refusal on the part of j
this House to accord to the Committee of Elec- '
tions this power at any time when asked—not
once ia the history of the Government. All the
precedents abundantly show, that the House has
always been willing to afford its committee every
facility to arrive at the truth of controverted facts.
To this end very full powers have been conferred
upon it by general orders of the House from time
to time, and no request for enlargement of its
powers has been in any case denied. At the
vpry institution of this committee, during the
session of the First Congress, the House, by
resolution, made it the duty of the committee
" to examine and report upon the certificates of
election, or other credentials, of the members
returned to serve in this House; and to take into
consideration all such matters as shall or may
come into question, and be referred to them by
the House, touching returns and elections; and to
report their proceedings, with their opinions there-
upon, to the House. ' Under this delegation of
power the committee either instructed the parties
now their testimony should be taken, or had it
taken orally before themselves—yet in some cases
applied to the House for specific directions as to
the mode in which it should be done.
To still further enlarge their powers, and prob-
ably render special applications to the House
unnecessary, it was on the 12th of December,
1793, ordered by the House, " That the Com-
mittee of Elections have power to send for per-
sons, papers, and records for their information."
On the 28th of December, 1795, it was further
ordered, " That, in addition to the powers before
given to the Committee of Elections, they be
authorized to direct the taking of depositions in
any cases where it may be impracticable or incon-
venient for the witnesses t^give their personal
attendance, and to prescribe the mode." This
plenary delegation of power shows the facilities
afforded by the House, at that early day, to the
committee in their investigations; and such has
been the practice down to 1851, when the act pre-
i scribing the mode of obtaining evidence in cases
i of contested elections was passed. Thatactisinap-
I plicable to the case of a Delegate from a Territory,
and therefore the orders ana precedents referred
to retain all their force in the- case under consid-
eration. " The power to send for persons and
papers" to elicit the truth in every practicable
way in the investigation of a contested seat in this
House, in any way in which it was proposed to be
adopted, has never been denied bvthe House.
But on the contrary, through its whole practice,
it is constantly found conferring power on the
Committee of Elections, either by general order,
or in response to specific request, to enable them to
obtain all the facts necessary for the information
of the committee and the House to come to a cor-
rect conclusion. Yet, in the case under consider-
ation, the request of the committee, in the first in-
stance, for this power, was sent back to them with
an order to report the reasons of their request; and
when they do so report the reasons, and again
ask to be invested with this power, we find gen-
tlemen resolutely determined to refuse it. Sir,
this proceeding is extraordinary, and there must
be extraordinary reasons in the character or his-
tory of the controversy and questions connected
with it, which induce them thus pertinaciously to
resist the request of the committee.
I have shown, I think, that this power is a
usual one, always granted when asked, never
heretofore in the history of the Government de-
nied. Now, sir, I propose to address myself to
the reasons which are urged here, not to-day only,
but for some days past, against granting this power
in this case. Some of the objections made are j
very forcibly and ingeniously put, and are enti-
tled to candid and serious consideration on this
side of the House; but I think all of them are
I capable of an easy answer. In the first place, it
j is said that there is no contestant, and no contest
| for this seat, in the proper sense of those terms; j
l that Governor Reeder does not allege any right
or claim in himself, but merely proposes to oust
General Whitfield; and that a proceeding to va-
cate the seat can only be initiated and conducted
by some person who, by his own showing, makes
a case in which, if successful in removing a sit-
ting member, he would be entitled to take and
hold the seat thus vacated. This was the argu-
ment of the gentleman from Alabama, [Mr.
Walker,] and of the gentleman from Delaware,
[Mr. Cullen,] and it is the argument as set forth
in the answer of the sitting Delegate to the me-
morial of Governor Reeder, which, being incor-
porated in the report of the minority of the com-
mittee with their approval, may be taken as their
view also. I refer to the report of the minority
of the co'mmittee to show in what light this ob-
jection is put. It is there said:
"In the first place, he [General Whitfield] submits to
the committee that Governor Reeder, by his own showing,
has no right to be heard before the House of Representatives
in the contest he is now prosecuting for the seat occupied
by the undersigned. He was not a candidate at the election
at which the undersigned was elected. This he does not
allege or pretend. Indeed he was not a candidate at any
election authorized by any law. The e*tent of his claim to
represent Kansas rests solely upon pretended votes cast for
him at illegal gatherings of the people, acting in open hos-
tility to the regular constituted authorities of the Territory
under their organic law. Nor does he even present any
certificate or evidence of his having been chosen Delegate
by these revolutionary assemblages, who are attempting to
set up a government, in opposition to that established by
Congress, so far as the undersigned is informed. A con-
test for a seat upon the floor of Congress—either for the
place of Senator, Member, or Delegate—can only be initi-
ated and conducted.by some person who, by his own show-
ing, makes a case in which, if successful in removing a sit-
ting member, he would be entitled to take and hold the seat
thus vacated. The act of Congress of the 19th of February,
1851j prescribing the mode of obtaining evidence in cases
of contested elections, was passed to protect the House of
Representatives against improper contests; and its provis-
ions show that none shoi.ld be entertained except such as !
are instituted by those who are in condition to demand '
prima facie, at least, that they be admitted to the contested
seat. The idea of contesting an election can have no other
meaning than that the party contesting must have some
legal claim of right to what he seeks to obtain. Governor
Keeder having none in thia case, under any existing law,
cannot therefore, in any proper sense of the term, be recog-
nized as a contestant before the House of Representatives.
His position is somewhat analogous to that ofany one who
might choose to petition the House to refuse the admission
of a member who presents himself with a certificate, with-
out any claim that the petitioner is entitled to the seat."
Now, Mr. Speaker, in answer to these state-
ments, I have to say they are not warranted by
the facts. The fact is, Governor Reeder is in the
position of a contestant for the seat in contro-
versy. His memorial not only denies the right
of the sitting Delegate, but affirms his own right,
and tenders proof of both allegations. In that
memorial Governor Reeder sets forth " that he
claims to be entitled to represent said Territory
in the Thirty-Fourth Congress as congressional
Delegate, to the exclusion and in lieu of Hon. J.
W. Whitfield, the sitting Delegate, &c.;" and,
also, " your memorialist further states that he
was duly elected by a large majority of the legal
voters of the said Territory to the said office of
Delegate at an election held on the 9th day of
October, which he proposes to show was the only
valid election held in the Territory for that pur-
pose." This makes him a contestant and the
controversy a contest, if gentlemen will be satis-
fied with nothing but such a condition and such
parties.
But, Mr. Speaker, I deny the necessity of this
machinery of memorial-parties, contests, &c., to
test the validity of the claim of a Delegate to a seat
here. I deny that proceedings in such cases must
; be assimilated to proceedingsin courts of justice,
i There is no reason or authority for such position.
In exerting the powers of this House under the
clause of the Constitution, " to judge of the elec-
tions, returns, and qualifications of its members,"
the House is restrained to no form to be drawn
from its own practice, much less from the prac-
tice of courts. Its power as to the mode of pro-
cedure is unqualified and absolute. It is respons-
ible nowhere for the manner in which it may
take cognizance of a case, or the judgment it may
pronouace. Will any gentleman assert that it
was not competent for me, or any other member
of the House, when General Whitfield appeared
before the bar to be qualified, to have interposed
objection denying his right, and demanding inves-
tigation, %id asked the reference of the case to a
committee, if the House should not have been
disposed then and there to consider it? The re-
ports of "contested elections" in this House
would fully sustain such course. The simple
motion of a member of the House will raise an in-
vestigation wherever there is sufficient probable
cause for the inquiry. Such has frequently been
the course of this body. Why, sir, how is it in
the case of a Senator representing one of the
political sovereignties of tne Confederacy ? Is it
not the usual course, when one claiming to be a
Senator of the United States presents himself be-
fore that body to be admitted to a seat as Senator,
that, if there be controversy or doubt even as to
the election returns or qualifications in his case,
objection is made by any member of the body,
and entertained by the Senate? In such case the
Senate will either immediately entertain the ques-
tion, or refer the credentials to a committee for
examination, as may best suit its convenience.
The right of objection rests with any member of
the body, and has never been disputed.
Let me for a moment refer the House to a
notable precedent upon this point, which occurred
in 1839, in this House, upon the organization of
the Twenty-Ninth Congress. Five persons,
claiming to be members of that Congress from the
State of New Jersey, appeared at the bar of this
House with their credentials, in due form of law,
and under the broad seal of the State. The Clerk
proceeded in the call of the roll, until he came to
the State of New Jersey, when he stated to the
House that there was conflicting evidence with
regard to the election of five members from that
State; and asked if it was the pleasure of the
House that he should pass over their names until
the balance of the roll was completed. Upon this
a question arose as to the proper course ofproced-
ure, which was entertained and discussed for two
weeks, during which time it became necessary to
choose a temporary chairman. Qn the 14th of De-
cember they proceeded to elect a Speaker, with-
out calling upon either set claiming to represent
N^w Jersey. After the House was organized,
the whole case was referred to the committee,
and it was not until the 24th of March that the
