1856.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
88§
Mr. SMITH. My answer to the gentleman
is, that if there were such a law in existence, pro-
hibiting in future the allowance of the compensa-
tion which has heretofore habitually been allowed,
and if, under that law, the President of the United
States were authorized to employ our foreign
agents in special missions outside the countries
to which they have been assigned, and if any-
body undertook, in compliance with the order of
this Government, to perform such extra service,
no one would have the face, under such a law,
to come here and ask for extra compensation.
But when, under the existing circumstances, a
foreign Minister is called on to perform a special
outside duty, and he knows perfectly well that
such outside duty is to be paid for in conformity
with the precedents of half a century, there is
an obligation upon the part of the Government
which they cannot refuse to acknowledge. There
is such an obligation existing in the case before
us to pay to Mr. Pendleton the same that his
predecessors have received.
And what makes this case still more striking
and still more remarkable is, that the associate
of Mr. Pendleton has already received the very
compensation which Mr. Pendleton now asks for,
while Mr. Pendleton was concerned in the form-
ation of every treaty that his associate was con-
cerned in, and in addition to that, he made one
treaty in which his associate took no part.
Again, it is a little remarkable that there should
be this difficulty, after the action taken by the last
Congress, upon this very question; and when it
is known, perhaps, to many members upon this
floor, that Mr. Pendleton would at that time have
been allowed the same compensation that was
allowed to Mr. Schenck, but for a blunder of the
Clerk's, by which his name became disconnected
from that of Mr. Schenck, by amendments inter-
vening, and thus he lost the benefit of the action
of the House at so late a period of the session
that the mistake could not be corrected. I trust
then that this House will not deny to this suc-
cessful agent of the Government that justice
which has been accorded to his associate, and to
which he is clearly, beyond a doubt, entitled by
all the precedents of this House, and by all the
precedents of the Government for the last half
century.
Mr. McMTJLLIN. I will not detain the com-
mittee more than two or three minutes. It is
well known that while Mr. Pendleton was acting
as charge d'affaires nt Buenos Ayres, he was ap-
pointed by a Whig President—by President Fill-
more—to actas minister plenipotentiary to certain
foreign courts in connection with Mr. Schenck.
Mr. Schenck, in his representative character, has
received for his services the compensation which
is now claimed for Mr. Pendleton. Mr. Pendle-
ton performed not only the same duties as Mr.
Schenck, but other duties in addition. The two
cases, therefore, stand upon the same footing; and
I think that Congress, having paid one, should
extend the same measure, of justice to the other,
or else make Mr. Schenck'disgorge what has
been paid to him. It is true, sir, as I have stated,
that these gentlemen were appointed under a
Whig Administration; but,having paid one, I
am willing to place the other upon the same
ground.
Mr. PETTIT. I do not wish to debate this
question at length; but I am satisfied that this
bill ought not to pass. By reference to its pro-
visions it will be seen that there are two appro-
priations of §9,000 each, proposed to be made to
Mr. Pendleton for his services in a mission which,
separated from the appointed duties of his post,
as I am informed, did not extend beyond two
months; while he was at the same time receiving
his regular compensation as charge d'affaires at
Buenos Ayres.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. The gentleman is
mistaken m supposing that this service did not
extend beyond two months. I do not recollect
the precise tune that Mr. Pendleton and Mr.
Schenck were engaged in this mission, but it
would take more than two months to ascend the
Rio de la Plata to the Peruvian line.
Mr. PETTIT. The duties of his mission did
not require him to go within a thousand miles of
Peru. If the gentleman will credit the limited
information which I have on this subject, he will
be satisfied that any place to which Mr. Pendle-
ton and Mr. Schenck went can be readied in a
period of ten days from Buenos Ayres, Mr. Pen-
dleton's diplomatic residence. The oriental Re-
public of Uruguay and Buenos Ayres are on
opposite shoies of the great estuary of the Plata,
and look each other in the facc. So far as the
first services are concerned, they were to be ren-
dered within a stone's throw of his diplomatic
door. The other point was some distance up
the Parana.
The facts of the case I understand to be these:
Availing itself of the political disturbances of
the Plata, in apparent complicity with the Gov-
ernments of France and England, and with some-
thing like a Saxon avarice of land, the Brazilian
Government essayed to overthrow the Govern-
ment of Rosas. It succeeded in doing so, and on
grounds that perhaps the world since that time
has not sanctioned. The Argentine Confedera-
tion was broken up. The Confederation ceasing
to exist, it was resolved back into its original
elements—the States of which it was composed
became independent, one of the other. It was
deemed by our Government necessary to secure
certain river rights in Uruguay and Paraguay.
For that purpose Mr. Schenck was detached from
his position at llio de Janeiro and sent to the
waters of Montevideo and Buenos Ayres, to be
united with our charge there, Mr. Pendleton, in
providing for the protection of American lights,
and securing advantageous treaties. I respect-
fully submit to this committee, that while Mr.
Schenckwas receiving pay for his services at Rio,
though acknowledging his valuable services, it is
not proper that he should receive additional com-
pensation for services atanother point. He could
not serve, lior was he required to serve, the Gov-
ernment, in more than that one character. He was
being paid, as a diplomat of this Government, a
stipulated compensation, and in consenting to
hold the office, confessed to its adequacy.
Such, also, was the fact m regard to Mr. Pen-
dleton, with this difference, that he was not, like
Mr. Schenck, removed from his field of duty,
which was the Argentine Confederation, butonly
from his immediate residence. Gentlemen are
familiar with the manner 111 which those gentle-
men were carried to the first posts to which they
were detailed. They went on the flag-ship of the
commodore of the American squadron at the Rio
station. They were treated with the highest hos-
pitality as the accredited agents of this Govern-
ment; they incurred no considerable expense;
their functions were simply diplomatic; and 1
cannot consider that we should nuke any further
compensation for services provided for and paid as
salary and outfit, at that very place of duty. By
the following provision, to be found on page 564
of the 10th volume of the Statutes at Largest will
be seen that adequate compensation has already
been made for what the gentleman from Virginia
regards as the distinguished services of Mr. Pen-
dleton:
" That the Secretary of the Treasury audit and settle the
account* of Robert C. tfcllenck, late Envoy Etliuordinaiy
and JlmUter I'lempotenliary of the tinned Suites to Ili,i/,il,
aud of John S. Pendleton, l:ite d'Aluu-e- oi the
United State* to the Aurentme Confederation, lorndditionaf
compensation, and for expenses moaned by them m ttie
neiloimanee of special seivices, not |iertannn<; lo their
re-pcctive mwn-, and at points dlstatlL tiom those to
winch they weie originally ace i edited, m compliance with
injunctions from ttie Department of f tate ; m scltlm" which
account!, the edtilieate.-. of the partie, shall lie lecarded as
sufficient evidence as to the amount of expenses incurred
where no regular voucher can be produced ; and a com-
pensation at the late of twenty five dolhus per diem shall
be allowed to each of them for the time they were so em-
ployed, to be paid out of any money m ttie Treaty not
otlieiwise appiopuatcd."
By previous action of Congress, sufficient com-
pensation has already been made for this service.
Still, for this brief service—this short detachment
from his place of residence—but not from diplo-
matic duty, and during which the regular service
was abandoned, we have a bill now presented to
make an increased compensation of $,18,000.
Mr. H. MARSHALL. Mr. Chairman, 1 do
not think that there ought to be any difficulty m
the mind of the committee in passing
tins bill.
The precedent to which the gentleman from Indi-
ana refers, attempted to settle this case on a per
diem compensation to be paid Messrs. Pendleton
and Schenck. Mr. Schenck refused that pro-
vison as unjust, and unwarranted by the prece-
dents of the country in like cases. He came to
the same Congress that passed the act, made his
case known, and that very Congress overruled
the precedent which the gentleman has read, and
gave Mr. Schenck the outfit which Mr. Pendle-.
ton, his associate, now claims. So much for the
precedent which the gentleman from Indiana
invites us to imitate.
Mr. Schenck was the Minister Plenipotentiary
to Brazil. Mr. Pendleton was charge cf 'affaires
to the Argentine Confederation; but they were
both united in a commission as Ministers Pleni-
potentiary, with power to act jointly, or sepa--
rately, by Mr. Fillmore, then President of the
United States, so as to meet the exigencies which
would arise in a country then being revolution-
ized. Either, or both of them, might present
themselves in the name of the United States, with
all the imposing circumstances which surround
the diplomatic agents of England and France,
the other parties in interest in that country.
If I comprehend the objection taken by the
gentleman from Tennessee, [Mr. Jones,] he sug-
gested that Mr. Schenckwas our Minister Pleni-
potentiary to Brazil, and he had been paid; but
that Mr. Pendleton was our charge d'affaires,
and had no right to claim full compensation. The
answer to that is, that Mr. Pendleton was nom-
inated in the commission; that he made the treaty;
and, acting as ourrepresentativein thecapacity of
a minister plenipotentiary,secured high commer-
cial advantages; that that treaty has been ratified;
and that, if we now higgle about the capacity iii
which he acted, we repudiate the treaty by repu-
diating the agency. If a man is sent with the
commission of the United States to negotiate a
treaty with a foreign Power, makes the treaty,
returns with it, and it is ratified by the President
and the Senate, with what faith can we turn
round, when he comes to look for his pay, and
talk about the capacity in which he acted ? He
went, sir, as a Minister Plenipotentiary to Para-
guay; he went alone; and ingoing there, I respect-
fully suggest to my friend from Indiana, if I
understand anything of the geography of that
country, he did not go on a sloop of war, but he
traveled fifteen hundred miles by land.
Mr. PENNINGTON. I wish to make one
statement. The gentleman from Indiana has
stated that the services were all rendered within
a period of two monlhs. It appears from this
report that the first treaty negotiated and con-
cluded was on the 28th day of August, 1852, and
the last one on the ]0th of July, 1853, a period
covering nearly a whole year.
Mr. PETTIT. If tin; gentleman from Ken-
tucky will allow me, I will reply to the remarks
made by the gentleman from New Jersey. I
meant to say, and I am speaking from recollec-
tion, that the active diplomatic services, subse-
quent to the complete breaking up of the govern-
ment of Rosas, occupied a period 6f about two
months, the published fruits of which are the two
treaties of the Argentine Confederation with this
Government, dated July 10, 1853, and July 27,
1853.
Mr. PENNINGTON. The gentleman must
be mistaken, because he will find that the treaty
with Paraguay was signed on the 4th of March,
1853, and the treaty with the Argentine Confed-
eration- on the 27th of July, 1853, covering a
period of nearly five months.
Mr. H. MARSHALL. I understand the facts
to be these: Mr. Schenck went down from llio
for the purpose of making these treaties in con-
nection with Mr. Pendleton. They made two of
the treaties, and not being able to negotiate the
other treaties immediately, Mr. Schenck returned
to Rio, and could not go again, and Mr. Pendleton
went into the territory alone, and negotiated the
treaty. Such are the facts; nor do I consider the
matter of time as at all material to the question.
I care not if it took only ten days. What are
the precedents of the Government in cases where
we have commercial interests which ought to be
attended to ? I suppose no gentleman will deny
that, if you had sent a minister from this country
to make one of these treaties, you would have
given him the outfit and paid him the salary, and
it would have all been right; but when you have
agents near that point who are competent and
faithful, who have drawn their outfit and salary
for specific services, and you send them away
from that point and direct them to go to another
country to negotiate other treaties, although you
do not pay them two salaries, I say that, upon
the most sordid plan of economy, you ought to
