1856.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1763
tary of State, Mr. Clayton., for a chargeship
in South America, at a salary of, I believe,
|4,50U. He was selected by the Indian depart-
ment as eminently fitted for this position, with-
out any application on his part. He was selected
because of hia peculiar fitness for it. Mr. Clayton
was applied to to yield his preference, and allow
him to be appointed superintendent of Indian
affairs in Oregon. When Dr." Bart inquired whnt
the salary of that office was, he was informed
that it was ,500. He said he could not live
in Oregon on that salary, and would not take the
office; whereupon Senator Atchison, who was at
the head of the Committee on Indian Affairs in
the Senate, called upon him, and told him that
he was maturing a bill intended to provide a
salary of $4,500 for the superintendent of Indian
affairs in California; and that, as it was as expen-
sive to live iii Oregon as in California, he should
try and have the same salary fixed for the super-
intendent in Oregoa. On this assurance, and on
the assurance of another Senator on the same
committee, he consented to take the appointment;
honestly believing that the salary would be fixed
at $4,500. He remained there three years, and
discharged his duties faithfully. Senator Rusk,
who has been ever since on the Senate Committee
on Indian Affairs, testifies to the manner in which
Dr. Dart discharged his duties, and he makes a
report very different from that made by the gen-
tleman from Oregon.
I will read what Senator Rusk said in the
Senate on this biJh
"There is no doubt that this is a meritorious case. It
was distinctly stated to Mr. Dart, at the Uuie of his appoint-
ment by the then chairman of the Committee on Indian
Affairs, that a bill which was then pending for an increase
of the salary of the California superintendent should be
made to include the superintendent m Oregon. That pro-
vision, according to my recollection, had the sanction of
the Indian bureau; but by some oversight it was not in-
cluded m the bill. Mr. Dart went to Oregon, and Htfformed
his duties in a very satisfactory manner. He preserved
peace among the Indians in Oregon, and brought back as
good a report as perhaps any other superintendent."
That is the testimony of Mr. Rusk, made offi-
cially as a member of the Committee on Indian
Affairs.
Mr. Bell, of Tennessee, in speaking on this
bill in the Senate, aiso says:
" In "this case, however, it seemed to the committee that
there was very sLrong evidence—evidence which it was
scarcely possible to resist—that this gentleman accepted
the office with the expectation, and with a positive prom-
ise that hit compensation should be increased at that ses-
sion of Congress; and that it was not increased m conse-
quence of an accident."
I very much regret, Mr. Speaker, that this bill
has come up in the absence of the member from
Kentucky, [Mr, H. Marshall,] who had tins
matter more especially m charge, as the friend of
Dr. Dart, in whose hands Dr. Dart had placed
his papers, and who was solicited by Dr. Dart to
present the case fully. Mr. Marshall is now
absent. He would speak of matters in Oregon,
on Which he has been informed, which would
show that Dr. Dart has perhaps been as efficient,
a superintendent as was ever sent abroad by this
Government; that his course has been concil-
iatory and pacific; that, owing to his peculiar
fitness for the position, the peace of Oregon re-
mained undisturbed during, the three years of his
administration, among all the tribes with which
he made treaties, and with which the General
Government was in intercourse. If there was
any Indian war in Oregon during the time Dr.
Dart was in office, I am not aware of it. Dr.
Dart has assured me that, with all the tribes with
which he was in intercourse, profoumi pcace
reigned. The testimony before us as to Dr.
Dart's official administration while he was in
Oregon certainly commends him to all sides as
an effective officer; and I think it is right and
properthat he shouid-receive more than $2,500 a
year for his services. I call the attention of the
House to the fact thot the bill before us does not
propose to increase his salary to what the cor-
responding officer m California received. It only
increases his salary $1,000 a year—from $,2,500
to £3,500.
Now, sir, the Government sent out this officer
to Oregon; he has been faithful andefficientin the
discharge of "his duties; lie has preserved peace
with all the Indians in that Territory with which
the Government was on terms of intercourse, and
he has received but $2,oU0 a year as his compen-
sation. I think the increase proposed in this
bill is a just one, and I hope it will be given. I
demand the previous question on the passage of
the bill.
Mr. LANE. I ask the gentleman from Wis-
consin to allow me to make a single correction ?
Mr. BILLINGHURST. I will withdraw the
demand for the previous question for that pur-
pose.
Mr. LANE. I want to notice some of the
statements of the gentleman from Wisconsin He
says that duringthe time Dr. Dart was superin-
tendent of Indian affairs in Oregon, profound
peace reigned in that Territory. Now, sir, I
wish to state that, during the administration of
Dr. Dart, a bloody war broke out with the Rogue
river Indians in Oregon.
Mr. BILLINGHURST. I wish to ask the
fentleman from Oregon whether the war of which
e speaks, was with Indian tribes with which the
Government had made treaties?
Mr. LANE. I will answer the gentleman.
Dr. Dart made no treaties with any Indians in
Oregon, except with those in the Willamette
valley, the Columbia, and Coast Indians—the
latter assembled at Port Orford—with whom we
have been at peace from the time they saw the
first white man to the present—except some of
the Coast Indians. We never had any trouble
with them, and never shall have. He made, I
think, some dozen treaties in all, with them.
Some of them were made with bands of eight or
ten persons, purchasing their right to the soil at
exorbitant prices; but not one of which treaties
was ever ratified by the Senate.
As } said before—and no man has a better right
to speak of it than I—we had a bloody war with
the Rogue river Indians while he was superin-
tendent of Indian affairs in that Territory; but
Dr. Dart never went near the seat of war, and the
Governor of the Territory—Governor Gaines—
whose duty was not to attend to Indian affairs—
for the offices were then separated—went out
there, and from me received the Indian prisoners,
and afterwards made peace, and I procured an
appropriation for paying the expenses incurred
by him while on that duty. Dr. Dart complained
of that act of Governor Gaines. He said it was
trespassing upon his rights. But the doctor him-
self did not go to that section of the Territory;
but, as I have said, he made treaties with the
Willamette, Columbia, and Coast Indians, and
purchased their rights to the lands on such terms
as did not suit the Senate, and his treaties were
not confirmed.
Now, I want to notice another point. Some-
thing has been said aboutlivingm Oregonat this
time being as expensive as it was in California.
Let me say that the Government furnished good
quarters for the doctor. He built for the Indian
agency, at the expense of the Government, one of
the finest houses in the Territory; and so far as the
cost of living was concerned, I will say that we
were at that time sending produce to California.
Nearly every vessel that went out was freighted,
more or less, with flour, and the price of wheat
was not as high as it has since been in the States.
It cannot be said that the cost of living was as
high in Oregon as in California, when our only
market was California.
And the gentleman was mistaken in another
point. The doctor states in his communication,
that he knows of none but political reasons for his
removal. Now, sir, he was not removed at all.
He resigned in December, to take effect in the
June following.
Mr. BILUNGHURST. If the gentleman
will allow me, I will say that my impression is
that Dr. Dart resigned because his salary was
not sufficient to live upon.
Mr. LANE. Well, sir, he had no right to
come here and tell the House that he was re-
moved. He was not removed. His resignation
was received here, and I was notified of it a
month before the appointment was made. The
appointment was made on the I4th of March,
more than a month after the resignation of Dr.
Dart had been received; and yet he comes here
and teils us that he was removed.
Now, Mr. Speaker, Dr. Dart has no more right
to an increase of compensation than the present i
superintendent. The present superintendent has |
discharged the duties of the office at the same j
salary, and discharged them faithfully. He has j
been continually traveling over the Territory, i
trying to maintain peace with the Indians, instead
of remaining in snug quarters. I move to lay
the bill on the table. ' *
Mr. WELLS. Mr. Speaker, I appeal to the
Delegate from Oregon to withdraw his motion to
lay on the table, that I may say a word or two on
the merits of the bill.
Mr. LANE. The gentleman from New York
[Mr. Simmons] desires to ask a question, and I
will yield for that purpose.
The SPEAKER. Does the gentleman with-
draw his motion to lay on the table?
Mr. LANE. I will, on condition I keep the
floor.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman cannot make
that condition. If the gentleman withdraws his
motion, the gentleman from Wisconsin will be
entitled to the floor.
Mr. GREENWOOD. "I hope the gentleman
will withdraw his motion, so that I may move %o
give it another direction.'
Mr. LANE. I withdraw the motion to lay on
the table.
Mr. WELLS. Mr. Speaker, I am surprised
at the opposition to the bill before the House fpr
the relief of Dr. Dart. The claimant, at the time
of his appointment, was a citizen of Wisconsin,
and he is still a citizen of that State. In con-
versations with him, he has stated to me the
facts of the case, and, so far as I have examined
them, I hold the claim to be just and proper, and
believe tlmt it ought to be allowed.
-I am not singular in the belief that the claim is
a just one. The Committee on Indian Affairs of
the Senate investigated the matter, and reported
to that body that Dr. Dart ought to he paid some
§3,000. The bill came to this House, and was
referred to the Committee on Indian Affairs,
which committee has, as I understand, reported
unanimously' in favor of its passage.
Mr. LETCHER. The vote in committee was
five to four.
Mr. WELLS. I do not know how that may
be. The gentleman, however, admits that a
majority of the committee reported in favor of
the passage of the bill. I have sent to the docu-
ment room for the minority report in this case,
and am told that there is no minority report.
Mr. TODD. 1 will correct a misstatement made "
by the gentleman from Virginia. There were o*dy
two dissenting voices in committee on this case.
Mr. LETCHER. How many were present?
Mr. TODD. I think the committee was full;
one member only was absent.
Mr. WELLS. The bill was reported from the
Committee of the Whole House on the Private
Calendar, on objection day. There was -not a,
single objection to it, and it was only by accident
that it did not pass the House on the day it was
reported. When it was upon the Speaker's table
I made inquiries relative to the facts of the case,
and obtained the information which I will give to
the House. Calling on Mr. Lea, the Commis-
sioner of Indian Affairs at the time of Dr. Dart's
appointment, I asked him what was the under-
standing between the doctor and himself. He
said that when the appointment was tendered
Dr. Dart, he declined to accept it on account of
the smallness of the salary. Several conversa-
tions took place between Mr. Lea, Commissioner
of Indian Affairs, Mr. Atchison, chairman of the
Committee on Indian Affairs of the Senate, and
Dr. Dart; and the latter was assured that if he
accepted the appointment and went to Oregon, a
bill would be reported to give him a salary of
$4,500 per annum. Mr. Lea states that that
assurance was made to Dr. Dart; and it was only
when it was made, that he accepted the appoint-
ment and went to the field of his duties. Because
of the great press of business at that session of
Congress, the salary of the superintendent of In-
dian affairs for Oregon waa not increased. In
the mean time Dr. Dart continued to discharge
the duties of the office.
Now, I hold that the Government is bound in
'equity to make good the promises of its agents,
who, in this instance, were the Commissioner of
Indian Affairs and the chairman of the Committee
on Indian Affairs of the Senate. Our faith is
pledged, as much as, it could be for the payment of
this increased compensation. Gentlemen would
not deny that it would be censurable in a man to
refuse to execute a contract made by his agent
with his own consent. Yet, is not this a similar
