154
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[March 10,
34th Cong....1st Sess.
Kansas Contested Election—Mr. Kurikel.
Ho. of Reps.
the government de facto. So we do—that is the
rule of international law. But that rule is not
applicable to governments related to each other as
the governments of the States and the Federal
Government, and when pressed into service and
applied as between this Government and Kansas
Territory, is simply ridiculous.
A volume of pamphlet laws and a journal have
been produced as evidence of the existence of the
Kansas . Legislature. How far they .prove such
Legislature as a fact I will not say, but they cer-
tainly do not prove a legal Legislature in Kansas
Territory. But the argument is, whether a legal
Legislature or not, they must be so taken by this
House in their investigations, because the mem-
bers thereof determined beyond revision their
election and returns. Mr. Speaker, is it not a
novel proposition that, when the constitutional or '
legal existence of a body of men claiming to be
the Legislature of a Territory is the question in
issue, the acts of that very body whose legal
powers are disputed, are to be adduced not only
as evidence, but conclusive evidence, of the legal
character of the body. We offer to put in issue
the legal existence of the Kansas Legislature, to j
which it is replied, " You are barred; for whether
really legal or not, they themselves, in the exercise j
of an inherent power, have legalized themselves, 1
and their judgment isfiiial and conclusive." When
the very fact in question is the legality of the
body, how can their acts in their assumed char-
acter give them the powers which they had not
when the acts were performed, or make them
what they were not ? The right to judge of, and
determine the elections, returns and qualifications
of its members, is the right of a body whose con-
stitutional or legal existence is not brought into
question; but when that is the very fact in issue,
to say they themselves have decided it is prepos- i
terous. The inquiry raised is, was the body
claiming to be the Kansas Legislature a legal
body? The answer^is, it determined its own le- 1
gality. It could determine nothing. It could
give no judgment. That body was either legal j
or illegal: if legal, the question is at an end; if j
illegal, it was utterly incapable of any legal act j
as well of judging of the election of its members
as of enacting valid laws. What is the whole
scope of the argument but to predicate of usurped i
authority a self-determining power? What but ;
to allow usurpation to legalize itself, and preclude
all investigation of its claims? j
Thus it would seem, first, from the extent of !
the power of this House in the investigation of '
the election of its members; second, from the j
character of a Delegate and his relations to this I
House; and third, from the consequences to which
the position of conclusive adjudication of its legal
existence, by a body whose right to exercise any ,
legal power whatever is the very issue, would I
necessarily lead, that conclusiveness cannot be j
predicated of the judgment of the body claiming
to be the Kansas Legislature. 1 [
' I have endeavored to show that the plea in
abatement for want of proper parties cannot be
sustained, because there are proper parties, or,
if not, parties are not necessary; that estoppel
cannot be sustained, because the acts of Reeder
do not bind the Kansas people; and that adjudi-
cation conclusive upon the House cannot be
sustained for the reasons just given.
I have done with the objections which are
urged against empowering the committee to send
for persons and papers. They are not sufficient
to justify the House in a departure from its usual
practice in cases of contested election. There is
every reason .why there should be an investiga-
tion taking the widest possible range. The alle-
gations of the memorial upon your table are of
the overthrow of the authority of the territorial
government and the return of the sitting Delegate
by force of violent and illegal proceedings.
Wny should mere technical objection be inter-
posed to the full, fair, impartial, and candid in-
vestigation of these complaints? At present we
have the country has—only rumor and news-
paper report, flat allegation and as flat denial; em-
barrassing the public judgment and exasperating
PTOlicfeehng. Let us have clear, definite, reli-
able information; we need it—the country needs
«. Upon the Kansas troubles, with which this
question is connected, we have had a special
message from the Executive, calls upon the States
for aid, and a general disturbance of our peace
and harmony. This condition of things will not
be made better by shutting out the light. If the
charges are not true, as alleged, why do gentle-
men so earnestly and sternly resist the request of
the committee ? I will not say that they shrink
from investigation because they fear it; but I will
say that their refusal to allow the fullest powers
to the committee will fasten the conviction of the
truth of the charges upon the public mind. I
warn gentlemen that such will be the natural and
inevitable result.
On the general subject of the Kansas difficulties
allow me, Mr. Speaker, to make n single remark.
I understood the gentleman from Missouri [Mr.
Oliver] the other day to make a most extraordi-
nary admission. I understood him to say that
the people of Missouri had passed over the bor-
ders of Kansas on the day of election in great
numbers, coupling it with a denial, however, that
they went to vote.
Mr. OLIVER, of Missouri. I remarked to
this House the other day, that when the people
of Missouri learned that hundreds and thousands
of emigrants were passing up the Missouri river,
towards Kansas, under the auspices of the emi-
grant aid society in the East, many of them went
over into the Territory on the day of election, but
for the purpose of maintaining the law and pre-
serving the peace and order of that Territory,
and for no other purpose whatever; and I stated
that I did not know that a single man from Mis-
souri voted in that Territory on that day. I
stated also in that connection, that hundreds of
emigrants from the East, who had arrived in that
Territory not five days before the election, did
vote there then, and that many of them returned
down the river a few days after on their way
towards their eastern homes.
Mr. KUNKEL. I suppose the gentleman
does not know whether the people from Missouri,
who crossed the border on election day, did vote
or not, as he was not there. I did not suppose
he was there. But if they did not vote, and were
there merely as by-standers and lookers-on to
maintain the law and keep the peace, why, when
the allegation is made before this House and the
country that they did vote, and in some instances
seized the polls by violence, does the gentleman
from Missouri object to the evidence?
Mr. OLIVER. Because I do not admit that
the people of Missouri did vote. If the gentle-
man can acsert that they did vote I will take issue
with him.
Mr. KUNKEL. I cannot assert what I do
not know.
Mr. OLIVER. Then, I ask, why bring wit-
nesses two thousand miles, or send out a com- !
mission to take depositions upon a mere assump-
Mr. KUNKEL. It is an assertion, not an
assumption.
Mr. OLIVER. Does the gentleman assert that
the people of Missouri did vote ?
Mr. KUNKEL. I tell the gentleman again,
I cannot assert what I do not know, but I say it
is asserted.
Mr. OLIVER. Asserted by Governor Reeder?
Mr. KUNKEL. Yes. And the gentleman
bases his justification of his constituents being in
Kansas on the day of the election in great num-
bers upon the fact, that he and others saw persons
sent by New England emigrant aid societiesgoing
into Kansas; but; as I understand it, Mr. Speaker,
these men went there as bona fide settlers; and I
take it that, whenever and under whatever aus-
pices they went, they had a right to go and to be
there, and to vote there as such bonu jidt settlers.
But there were others there besides those sent by
New England emigrant aid societies. There
were hundreds of men in that Territory, on that
day, who did not go under the auspices of New
England emigrant aid societies—who went and
were not sent—men who had means and a spirit !i
above. j
Mr. OLIVER, (interrupting.) And there were
others in that Territory bona fide actual citizens
of that Territory besides those who went from
Missouri; and it was understood at the time that
of the actual settlers, the pro-slavery party, us it
is called, had a majority there, and doubtless they
had at that time.
Mr. KUNKEL. I know nothing about thai.
What I was about to say, when the gentleman
interrupted mo, was, that the pretext for (lie peo-
ple of Missouri crossing the border into Kansas
on election day, was, that men had been sent to
I Kansas by New England emigrant aid societies;
but that others were there who were not sent at all,
but went of their own accord, who had a deep stake
in the purity of the election and preserving the
right of self-government. There were hundreds
and hundreds from my own State there—brave
! men who went with their families, their little for-
j tunes, and their all, as pioneers in the wilder-
! ness. These men carried with them from Penn-
' sylvania the rights, and the spirit to maintain
the rights, of American citizens; and when they
; passed into Kansas Territory they came under the
Kansas-Nebraska bill, which guaranties them the
right of self-government. It is for these men as
against invading forces controlling their elections
that I now speak; and I tell gentlemen in this
House—and I dare tell the gentleman from Mis-
souri—that these men are there, and will remain
there, and others of the same mold will go there
, from Pennsylvania—free Stafe citizens of course—
because they were nurtured and brought up under
free institutions; and that, if the time shall ever
come again that an invading force from Missouri,
or elsewhere, shall attempt to wrest from them
their right of self-government in their wilderness
homes, it will be found that these men will value
life less than their rights as freemen. They will
not be found tame of spirit or slow of blood upon
.just occasion.
Mr. OLIVER. And I can say to the gentle-
man from Pennsylvania, on behalf of the people
of that Territory, that as long as these emigrants
go there under the auspices of the organizations
which have an eye to the controlling of the elec-
tions of the Territory, in open contravention of
the principles recognized by the Kansas-Nebraska
bill, and to the prejudice of the institutions of
Missouri, so long, I say, as that course is con-
tinued and that system pursued, strife and con-
tention, and perhaps bloodshed, will be the result.
And 1 tell the gentleman that the emigrants sent
to Kansas by the emigration aid societies for that
purpose will find there people conscious of their
rights and nerved to maintain them.
Mr. KUNKEL. Pennsylvania sent no emi-
grants, in the sense in which the gentleman from
Missouri uses that word. AVe had no emigration
aid societies. Our people went of their own ac-
cord, as they had a right to go, and will continue
to go, without asking permission to do so.
Mr. OLIVER. I ask the gentleman if emigra-
tion aid societies were not formed even before the
passage of the Kansas-Nebraska act, and whether
honorable gentlemen who occupy seats on this
floor were not prominent in the matter ?
Mr. KUNKEL. I am not here to answer for
those who formed emigration aid societies. They
can speak for themselves. But we formed no such
societies m Pennsylvania.
Mr. OLIVER. I do not mean to say you did;
but I ask if the gentleman does not know that
the State of Massachusetts chartered a company
with a capital of $500,000, with the express pur-
pose of controlling the institutions of Kansas?
Mr. BURLINGAME. She had a right to do
so. °
Mr. OLIVER. I deny that under the laws of
the country she had a right to do so.
Mr. KUNKEL. 1 know nothing about that.
It may be true; but what I desire the gentleman *
from Missouri to know and fully understand is,
that lawless proceedings in Kansas Territory
against the operations of New England emi-
grant aid societies involve the peace and liber-
ties of hundreds upon hundreds of bona fide se t-
Hers m Kansas, who have gone there from my
own State, as well as other northern States, as
was their right. And I also wish the gentleman
yarned that no set of men "who ever lived on
God s earth will sell their right to govern them-
selves more dearly than the Pennsylvania settlers
in Kansas.
