890
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 11,
agree to pay them the outfit, inasmuch as by
doing so you escape the payment of two sala-
ries.
Let me illustrate this: I have a man in my em-
ploy as a lawyer, in the city of New York, who
attends to my business faithfully. I am a resi-
dent of the State of Kentucky. I have another
lawsuit in Philadelphia. Now, instead of send-
ing another lawyer from Kentucky to Philadel-
' phia, I gend this man, whom 1 have tried and
know to be faithful, to Philadelphia, to attend to
that business also. Now, that is just the case of
the Government here. Instead of sending out
from home two ministers, one to Uruguay and
one to Paraguay, you send diplomatic servants
whom you already have abroad; and in doing so
you acknowledge an implied responsibility upon
your part, that you will pay them what has hero-
.tofore been paid in like cases, commencing with
the administration of John Q,uincy Adams, and
coming down to the present time. And, in this case
particularly, I appeal to the committee, and to
my friend from Indiana, to know with what moral
integrity the Congress of the United States can
pay Mr. Schenck these outfits, and refuse them
to Mr. Pendleton, who was associated with liim,
occupying an equal position, and upon the same
service? So far as I am concerned, I see no diffi-
culty about the case.
Mr. DAVIS, of Maryland. Mr. Chairman, I
suppose that the officers of the United States
Governmcntare not the slaves of the Government,
and do not owe all their time to the Government.
I suppose that, when the Government employs an
agent or officer, it pays him, not a per diem for
his whole time, but for the services which he is
charged to perform. He is bound to take so much
of his time as is necessary to discharge those ser-
vices. The residue of time is at his own disposal.
If the Government of the United States sees fit to
employ that same individual to discharge other,
and, as in this case, more important duties, it is
no argument, as pressed by the h'onorable gen-
tleman from Tennessee, that he has already been
employed and paid in a different capacity for the
performance of different services by the same
Government. The only question is, whether the
services were rendered m a different capacity; and
whether they are services for which lie lias not
already been paid5 If' he has not already been
paid for those services, nor engaged to perform
them, then it is an ordinary ease of two contracts
with the same individual, to be performed by the
same person. Then, what weight is entitled m
this case to precedents, the uniformity of which
is not at ail impeached by gentlemen who oppose
this appropriation > Are we here to decide whether
the precedents are. or arc not based upon a true
principle ? *Tho precedents are nothing more than
theoidmary mode of measuring the ratio of com-
pensation which the United States lias been ha-
bituated to pay to its agents for the performance
of certain services. When, therefore, a long line
of precedents has established that such and such
services shall be paid for in a certain proportion,
and the United States orders an individual holding
that relation to the. United States to perform addi-
tional services, it would be held in any court that
the ratio of compensation to be paid would be in the
contemplation of the parties, according to usage in
reference to the same subject or similar services.
It is not, therefore, a question whether we shall
follow a mcro precedent which we are at liberty
to follow or not, but if is a question whether,
having ordered an individual holding- a particular
relation to the Government to do certain duties
which have heretofore, m all like cases, been
compensated according to a definite and ascer-
tained ratio; it is not an implied term of the con-
tract that he shall bo paid the same ratio of com-
pensation.
Wc are not acting here upon our mere will and
pleasure, to pay an individual according to what
we may suppose his service to be worth. Whether
the Government has received benefit or not, the
fact of the rendition of the services, and the fact
that they were undertaken under an unbroken
line of precedents settling the ratio of compensa-
tion, bind us irrespective of the value of the ser-
vices to pay for them according to that ratio.
On this ground, therefore, I shall vote for the
bill.
I shall vote for it on another ground—that
another individual named in the same commis-
sion, for the performance of the same services,
but who did not, in point of fact, perform so
much service, who did not incur so great respons-
ibilities, who did not perform the same long,
difficult, and dangerous journey, and who did not
accompany this claimant up the river Rio de la
Plata for the purpose of opening to the trade and
commerce of the country a valley and a naviga-
tion greater in extent, and vaster in resources,
than the Mississippi valley, has been allowed to
receive the compensation which is now asked for
by this claimant. I say that I will vote to pay
this, because services, less in amount, rendered
under the same commission, have been already
paid at the ratio which Mr. Pendleton now de-
mands. And when I am referred to the act of
Congress, which has been quoted by the gentle-
man on my right, [Mr. Pettit,] I say that that
prescribed a per diem compensation, which was
contrary to the usage of the Government, and
which was refused by_Mr. Schenck, and the pre-
cedent was set aside in the last Congress—the
very same Congress that passed the law to which
reference has been made—by voting him the com-
pensation now claimed by Mr. Pendleton. Mr.
Pendleton received the amount provided there
under protest, and now comes on the footing of
an act of Congress readjusting the old precedents
of the Government, and claims to be placed, in
point of compensation, on a footing of equality
with Mr. Schenck, which equality he held by
reason of the commission and by reason of the
services rendered. I say, therefore, that this is a
matter of contract, not resting m our discretion.
I entirely concur in the suggestion of the hon-
orable gentleman from Virginia, [Mr. Smith,]
that if the honorable gentleman from Tennessee
[Mr. Jones] finds difficulties as to the propriety
of^ this mode of compensation, his duty is to
bring in a bill to lay down the rule for the future,
because the Government, in employing individ-
uals to discharge duties under the rule now estab-
lished, must be held to act on the ordinary prin-
ciples of law, and to regard its usage as an ele-
ment in the contract. Therefore, whenever any
individual is, under these circumstances, ordered
to discharge a diplomatic duty, it is done on the
footing of a contract; and the ratio of compensa-
tion already established will continue as the com-
pensation until the rule be changed by act of
Congress. When the rule is changed, it will not,
Ke, as the gentleman from Tennessee has sug-
gested, an open case, which may be turned up
every time special compensation is asked. When
such special compensation is asked, the reply is:
"You received your commission—you performed
the services under an act binding beforehand—
your compensation was fixed by law, and if you
claim special compensation, you must put it not
merely on the ground of additional services, but
on the ground of special merit; and you must
claim it of the bounty of Congress, and not as a
right." I think this ease is distinguishable from
the case presented by the gentleman from Ten-
nessee. It is equitable; it is right. The Govern-
ment has already paid the colleague of Mr. Pen-
dleton; and it is only fair and just that he should
be paid now in an equal ratio.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. I have heard,
Mr. Chairman, only a small portion of the discus-
sion on this bill, having been out of the House i
when it commenced. I am in favor of the bill if j
the construction be as in my judgment it should I
be. I am not sure but that it is necessary to |
amend the bill by inserting in the tenth line, I
after the word "services," the words, "and ex-
penses. " Now, Mr. Chairman, if I recollect the
case aright, these gentlemen were, some years
ago, while ministers of the United States to Bra-
zil and Buenos Ayres respectively, appointed
ministers to make treaties with the Republic of
Uruguay and with the Republic of Paraguay.
They went commissioned as full ministers to
these other Governments, performed the services,
and performed them well—to the satisfaction and
acceptance of our Government. The same kind
of service was performed by a British Minister
at an expense of something like half a million
of dollars, and for which that minister was
knighted by the British Government. The ser-
vices, I say, were performed—well performed.
The usage of the Government from its com-
mencement—for the precedents are coeval with
the Government—has been to give and justify
the allowance of outfits in these cases. The
outfit was allowed to Mr. Schenck a year ago,
and would have been at the same time, but
for an accident at the closing hours of Con-
gress, allowed to Mr. Pendleton—he standing
on the same ground, and having, as I well recol-
lect, the same rights. I examined into the ques-
tion then, and became entirely satisfied that the
gentlemen were, by the usage of the Government,
entitled to their outfits. When they received
information that they had been delegated to the
performance of these services, they knew that
if they went they had the faith of the Govern-
ment that they should be paid as every other
gentleman rendering like services had been paid.
They performed these services, and came here and
demanded the compensation to which they were
entitled. But in the Senate of the United States
a Senator thought that the usage was wrong; that
the time had come when a new and different pre-
cedent should be established; and he undertook
to make these gentlemen the victims of his idea
oh the subject. It may be that he was right as a
matter of principle, but he was wrong in making
the application of it to those gentlemen who had
performed the service, relying on the faith of the
Government. He originated a system of per diem
compensation, and a bill was passed, I believe,
providing twenty-five dollars per day for such
services. That bill was agreed toby this House,
and became a law. Mr. Pendleton received what
was allowed to him under that law; but Mr.
Schenck refused to touch it—refused to have any-
thing to do with that bill. He came here next
year, presented his claim anew to the Senate; and
the same Senate, by a very largo majority, said
that they had been wrong in the matter; that that
gentleman was entitled to the amount he claimed
for outfit, arguing from the unvarying usage of
the Government, and that the faith of the Gov-
ernment must be kept with them; and they agreed
to amendments to the general appropriation bill
making appropriations for Mr. Schenck and Mr.
Pendleton. The appropriation bill came back for
the consideration of the amendments, and amid
the noise and confusion and hurly-burly of the last
hours of the session, the amendment for the benfit
of Mr. Pendleton was lost, while that for the ben-
efit of Mr. Schenck was concurred in. I voted for
Mr. Schenck's, and I would have voted for Mr.
Pendleton's. I should hold myself disgraced now,
having voted for Mr. Schenck, and believing that
I was right, not to do the same justice to Mr.
Pendleton. Mr. Pendleton, I suppose, when he
accepted compensation under the bill, received
the per diem alone for all his expenses. Now,
if so, that item should be deducted from the ap-
propriation in this bill, and he should receive
eighteen thousand dollars less by what he has
already received.
Mr. H. MARSHALL. It is not the usage to
deduct expenses; they are always allowed.
Mr. MORGAN. Not at all.
Mr. MARSHALL. I have some knowledge
on this subject, and 1 say they are.
Mr. MORGAN. 1 would ask the gentleman
from Kentucky if it is usual to pay a salary, and
then to pay the expenses in addition?
Mr. MARSHALL. When the gentleman asks
me that question, he indicates, by the manner in
which he asks it, that he is talking about one
thing,while the words mean another thing. When
a gentleman goes on a foreign mission he receives
his outfit; and if he travel by private convey-
ance, or by a national ship, or in any other way,
all the expenses personal to himself he pays.
But there may be expenses connected with the
public business, which the State Department pays
under the title of "expenses." And when you
put the word "expenses" into a law, you tell the
auditor to settle expenses which do not touch the
private expenses of the minister at all. So, if you
amend the bill as the gentleman from Maine pro-
poses, by saying that the expenses paid shall be
deducted, you will throw on Mr. Pendleton,and
on his private account, that which Mr. Schenck
and all other ministers arc allowed—the expenses
actually depending on the nature of the trans-
action.
Mr. WASHBURN. I propose that the bill
be so amended as to place Mr. Pendleton upon
precisely the same footing as we have placed Mr.
Schenck, so that he shall receive neither more nor
less than Mr. Schenck received.
