164
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 7,
history of tlie transaction. It is noted in the de-
bates that an angry controversy arose in reference
to it. That portion of the debates has been sup-
pressed, and very properly suppressed, m my
judgment.
As I intend to make the paper part of my
remarks—I mean the one alluded to by the Sen-
ator from Vermont, which he desires to- have
printed, and enrolled on parchment, and filed in
the State Department—I send it to the Secretary's
desk, and ask to have it read. a
The Secretary read it, as follows;
City of Mexico* Sejrtember 17,1847.
Sir: I have the honor to return the American flag you
intrusted to my keeping in the btorming of Chepultepec
and the taking of the city of Mexico. Your charge to me
was: " I expect that fla% to be the first planted upon the
Capitol of Mexico." The commission lias been executed,
and the first American flag that over floated upon the
Palace of the Capitol of Mexico is now returned to you.
It was also the first planted on the five-gun battery
stormed and carried by the Rifle regiment between Chepul-
tepec and the Garita.
It was also the first planted on the batteries at the Garita,
and the first on tiie Citadel of Mexico.
It was earned by Sergeant Manly, of " F " company,
whom ! selected to bear so distinguished a flag, and the
Anticipations I entertained of his doing honor to the banner
of his country were not disappointed. I desne to commend
him to your special-consideration.
This flag would have been returned through him, but for
a severe wound which confines him to his quarteis. It is
proper that I should state that I was not with the flaer when
planted on the battery at the Garita, and when planted on
the battery between the Garita and the city, having been
detained to guard the prisoners taken at the five-gun bat-
tery assaulted by my storming partj. On inspection, you
will perceive that this flag has been pierced six times by
the balls of the enemy.
I have the honor to be, with high regard, &c.t
B. S. liOBBRTS, Captain Rifles.
General d. e. Twiggs, Commanding Second Division,
Mr. BROWN. Mr. President, it will be seen,
from the reading of that letter, that I was correct
in saying that it makes no mention whatever of
Major General Quitman. Captain Roberts seems
to have received this flag from General Twiggs,
who was not in command at the time when this
' service was performed. It will be further re-
marked, that Captain Roberts status in his dis-
patch that the flag was " the first planted on the
live-gun battrfry stormed and carried by the rifle
regiment between Chepultepec and the Garita."
He also says that it was " the first planted on the
batteries at the Garita, and the first on the cit-
adel of Mexico." He afterwards remarks, how-
ever—
It is proper that I should state thut 1 was not with the
flag when planted on the battery at the Garita, and when
planted on the battery between the G&tita and the city."
If Colonel Roberts was not present, the history
of the transaction ought to state how ho came in
possession of the fact, that this precise flag w s
the first raised at those two points, for he admits
himself not to have been personally present, and,
therefore, he must have derived his information
from some other quarter. Out of that has grown
somr controversy in which I do not wish to en-
tangle myself; but itis better, when we are settling
a transaction of this sort, in which the reputation
of gentlemen who have rendered distinguished
services to the country is somewhat involved, to
turn our attention to tfie report of the General-in-
Chief. I ask that the committee who shall have
this question in charge will turn their attention to
Major Gen, Scott's report, dated " Headquarters
of the Army, National Palace of Mexico, .Septem-
ber 18th, 1847," to be found in the fast volume
of Senate documents, fast session Thirtieth Con-
gress, 1847and 1848, beginning at page 37,3. From
that paper it will be seen that the General-in-Ch ief,
after giving an account of certain consultations
bctw&en officers of the Army, and slating the
views expressed by them, says :
"Those view^I repeatedly in the course of the <lav com-
municated to Major Geneuil Quitman; but being in hot
jiur^uii—jrallant himself and ably supported l>y IJugadier
"Generals Slneldsand Smith—Shield*t#ully wounded before
Chepultepec aud refusing to retire—as well as by all the
officers and men of the column, Quitman continued to
prc^s i'i r\vaid under flank and duvet tires ; earned an inter-
mediate battery of two guns, aud tisen the gate, before two
o'clock in the afternoon, but not without proportionate
losd, incicascd by his steady maintenance of that position."
After giving some further account of the day's
transactions, he says:
" Quitman witlun the city, adding several defenses to the
positioji lie had won, and sheltering his corps as well as
practicable, now awaited the result of daylight under the
guns of the formidable citadel, yet to be subdued."
After the whole flighting was over, General
Scott gives an account of a visit of a deputation
of the city—the city council—who waited upon
him, for the purpose*"*"of surrendering the city on
terms which he promptly rejected, and insisted
upon taking it upon his own terms. After the
interview he says:
" At the termination of the interview with the city depu-
tation, I communicated, about da}dight, orders to Worth
and Quitman to advance slowly and eauUously (to guard
against treachery) towards the lieait of the city, and to oc-
cupy its stronger and more commanding points. Quitman
proceeded to the-great plaza or square, -planted guards, and
hoisted the cotors of the United States on the national palace,
containing the halls of Congress and executive departments
of federal Mexico."
Now, sir, when it is proposed to do honor to
national flags because they were first planted
upon the walls of Mexico, I do not choose that the
name of the major- general in command, espe-
cially when that major general is a distinguished
citizen of my own State, shall be wholly omitted
from the record without some effort on my part,
as his representative in this body, to see justice
done him. I am as willing as the Senator from
Vermont to award all possible honors to Captain
Roberts, but X will never consent to see the honors
of the nation bestowed jtpon a captain in the line
to the exclusion of his major general; and espe-
cially when, in doing honor to that captain, for
aught that appears on the paper, Major General
Twiggs, who was not in the field at all upon that
occasion, is represented as the general who gave
the order to bear the flag. Sir, the man who in
after years shall examine the archives of the State
Department and find this paper there, if he knew
nothing else of the transaction, would be very apt
to conclude that Major General Twiggs was in
command, and that Major General Quitman was
not in the field at all, whereas the reverse was the
case.
] hope that the committee who shall have this
question in charge will sift it to the bottom. Let
Captain (now Colonel) Roberts have al4 the honor
that is duo to him. Heaven knows I would not
pluck a solitary len'f from the laurel that adorns
his brow. That he is a gallant soldier, 1 am per-
fectly willing and ready to admit. That he ex-
posed his person and endangered his life in defense
of his country I am as ready to acknowledge as
the Senator from Vermont. But I am not will-
ing to admit that he planted the first flag that was
ever placed upon the walls of Mexico, and did
it of his own will—or by the order of Major Gen-
eral Twiggs.
Sir, 1 have here a letter to which those squab-
bles gave rise when this question was up before.
It is a hitter written by Captain Roberts himself,
dated St. Louis, Missouri, July 12,1848. I send
it to the Secretary's desk,and ask to have it read.
1 present this letter as the true history of the
transaction rather than the one which is found on
the files, and'wlnch my friend from Vermont pro-
poses to honor. Although it docs not, 1 think,
come up to the history of the transaction as de-
tailed by Major General Scott, the General-in-
Chief, it does make honorable mention of General
Gluitman, who was in command.
The Secretary read the letter, as follows:
St. Louis, Missouri, July 12,1848.
To the Editor of the Union:
t have noticed, thiough the Washington coirespondent
of the Journal of Commerce, of date July 1st, giving the
debate in the Senate of that day, that misunderstandings,
out of which difficulties may glow, have arisen between the
fnends of Genciald Twiugs and Quitman touching the ./Jag
presented by General Twiggs to Congress. It may be proper
before mischief can arise, oi these misunderstandings grow
further, to correct the errois that seem to he entertained
relating to the history of tins flag. I know its entire history.
It is as follows:
On the 12th of September, General Smith called for two
hundied and fifty picked men hom General TwiggsV divis-
ion, a-^ a storming paity for the assault of Chepultepec. [
was selected by Genera! Smith to command the p irty from
his bugade, and, alter the paity was organized, was taken
bv him'"to Geneial TwiggsV headquarters, where was this
flag, which General Twiggs gave to me, paying in substance,
among other things, " TJiis'is a flag I wish u> go with the
storming party fioin my diviMon. Let me hear that it is tiie
fliftt ll:*ir on Chepultepec, in the city, and on the Capitol "
Six non-commissioned ofliceis and privates were selected
fj om the Rifle regiment to bear this flag at the head of the
storming column.
The storming party from this division (commanded by
Captain Casey,Second Infantry) lepoited toGeneral Scott
at Taeubaya befoie sundown, and was assigned to the
command of General Quitman ; aud from that time, until
the flag was raised uoon the Capitol, it was under his con-
trol, and all the movements of the storming paity eanying
it were under his eye and direction.
This storming party stormed and carried the strong five-
gun battery commanding the Taeubaya load at the base of
jihe hill in the rear of Chepultepec, and this flag was the first
planted on that battery. It was also the first flag planted
on the strong battery midway on the road between Ohepul-
tepec and the Gaiita of Belen, which was stormed and car-
ried by the rifle regiment, supported by the South Carolina
regiment. It was also the first flag planted on the Garita
of Belen, which work was also stormed by the rifle regi-
ment, supported by General Smith's entire bugade and
General Quitman'§ entire division. The storming of these
three batteries was directed by General Quitman m person,
with the assistance and support of General Smith.
The fighting of the 13th ended with the day; and at day-
light next morning, General Quitman foimed his division,
(General Smith's brigade in front,) and entered the city.
He took possession of the Citadel; and by lus order, de-
livered to me through General Smith, this flag was raided
above that mighty fortress. The division advanced, led by
Generals Quitman and Smith on loot, ami took possession
oftheCapitol,when this flag, by the order of General Quit-
man delivered to me by a staff-officer, was raised, display-
ing the first American banner above the National Palace of
Mexico. This is the entire history of the flag. ) under-
stood it to be the property of General Twiggs, and at hus
request returned it to him with my written report. It was
Some in these actions by troops of his division, detaciied
from his immediate command, and placed under the oiders
of General Quitman.
If this flag is to become of any historical interest, its his-
tory should be truly toid; and if any merit is supposed to
attach to the foitune or accident of raising the first flag
upon the Capitol of Mexico, it is just to General Quitman,
to have it known it was done by troops he commanded m
person and under his orders.
I am, sir, very truly vours,
B. S. ROBERTS, Captain Rifles.
Mr. BROWN. Mr. President, if that had been
the report which it was proposed to print by order
of Congress, and to transcribe on parchment and
file in the State Department, as contannj^ the
true history of this flag, there would pj^pibly
have been no controversy about it. Here Cap-
tain Roberts again repeats that it was the first flag
planted at three different points, but he admits
himself not to have been at two of them. He
omits to mention how he came into possession
of the knowledge of those facts, but "they are yet
of sufficient consequence to have given rise to
controversy, and there is difference of opinion as
to whether it was the first flag planted on these
points. To that matter I beg to call the attention
of the committee, when they shall take this sub-
ject into consideration. I desire that the letter
which has just been read by the Secretary, at my
request, shall go to the committee, and shall be
considered by them in connection with this sub-
ject.
With these remarks, I am willing to let the
subject go to the committee. If credit is due to
General Quitman, I want him to have it. If it i&
not due to him,I know he would scorn to take it.
And now, it is but just to him, to say that, though
he is a member of the House of Representatives,
I have not made these remarks at his request, nor
by his solicitation,nor even with his knowledge;
but his reputation belongs to the State of Missis-
sippi, and, as one of her Senators here, I have felt
bound to protect it.
•Mr. FOOT. Mr. President, I do not intend
to prolong this discussion in anticipation of the
action of the Committee on Military Affairs—a
very proper tribunal to investigate any question
that may arise between conflicting claimants for
the honor of being concerned in planting the first
national flag of the United States on the palace
walls of Mexico. It will be recollected that upon
the introduction of the resolution, so far from
calling for the action of the Senate upon it, I ac-
companied it with a motion to refer it to the ap-
propriate committee—the Committee on Military
Affairs—for their investigation and report. It is
proper, perhaps, that I should say that at the
time of the introduction of the resolution, I was
not apprised of the existence of conflicting claims
to this honor. I knew that by the order of the
Senate the flag had been deposited in the archives
of the State Department. I knew that it had
been presented to the Senate by the present
head of the War Department, Mr. Davis, then
a member of this body from the State of Missis-
sippi. I knew that he had received it from Gen-
eral Twiggs, and that Colonel Roberts, then cap-
tain of the Rifles, had returned it to General
Twiggs, from whom he received it, giving its
history so far forth as it is given in that, report. I
sfated'thc history of the flag to the Senate as dis-
closed in the documents appended to the few
remarks which I submitted the other day, among
which are extracts from the report of General
Quitman, in which he himself appears to have
placed Colonel Roberts at the head of the storm-
ing party under whom that flag was first raised
