1764
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 25,
case ? Have we not proof that the appointment
would not have been accepted if thesepromises of
enlarged salary had not been made ? Certainly we"
have. It is in evidence before the committee that
he would not go to Oregon in the capacity men-
tioned for $2,500 a year. He did not accept the
appointment until officers of the Government,
who were deeply interested in our Indian rela-
tions, assured him the salary would be increased
to $4,500-
Mr. HOUSTON. 1 understand that this gen-
tlemen held the office of superintendent for three
. years. Now, the alleged understanding between
* the claimant and- a Senator is an understanding
which binds the Senator and nobody else.
Mr. WELLS. Assurances to the same effect
were madeby the Commissioner of Indian Affairs.
Mr. HOUSTON. That is new evidence in
the case. Even admitting that fact, to which no
allusion has been made by the gentleman from
New York who reported the bill, I ask why Mr.
Dart retained the office during three years, with-
out, at any time, attempting to enforce the under-
standing between him and the Commissioner, rel-
ative to an increase of salary?
Mr. WELLS. The gentleman will remember
that at that time it took from six months to a
year for a mail to go to and return from Oregon.
Every day it was expectcd that the salary of the
superintendent would be increased.
Mr. HOUSTON. 1 happened to be on a com-
mittee at that time, to which the question would
have come, if it had been pressed. I remember
to have had long and full conversations with Mr.
Dart, when he brought his treaties here, but I
have no recollection that he made any eifort in
either House of Congress for an increase of his
salary. He was here, and could have made an
effort to that effect. I do not care how slow the
mail was carried; he was here, and did not make
any effort for an increase of his salary. He was
here, as I am informed, for six months, during
which time he was discharging, or purporting to
discharge, his duties in Oregon. He did not
then press his claim, though he could have done
it, for the reason that, in his conscience, he knew
he was not entitled to any such increase.
Mr. WELLS. 1 yielded to the gentleman to
ask a question, and he has gone on to make a
speech.
Now, Mr. Chairman, I have only to say, in re-
.ply to the gentleman, that I had my information
m reference to the understanding I have men-
tioned, from Mr. Lea himself, lie toldme that
conversations on the subject, and in which assu-
rances of increased pay were given to Mr. Dart,
were held between himself and Mr. Atchison,
chairman of the Committee on Indian Affairs of
the' Senate.
Mr. LANE. I will put the gentleman right
in reference to a statement lie has made. I un-
derstood him to say that the mail facilities at the
time Dr. Dart was superintend-ent were not as
good as they are now; that it took from four to
six months for the mail to go to Oregon. I say
they were as good at that day as they are now;
the mail went regularly every two weeks.
Mr. WELLS. I leave the House to judge of
that; but it is immaterial to the question before
us. The question is, shrill we make good the
promises held out to Dr. Dart by the officers of
the Government? Shall we give him that increase
of salary which he was promised if he would
accept the office ? He remained there three years,
and received no information as to an increase of
his pay. He ruined his health, in a measure,
traveled the whole country over, made the best
treaties he could—although they were not all
confirmed—and, as far as I know, there were no
Indian wars thr*re at that time, such as we have
since seen. The department was satisfied with
all that he did there, and he was not to blame if
the treaties were not confirmed. Perhaps the
Government thought th^y could make a better
trade. I cannot say that the Delegate from
Oregon [Mr, Lane] agreed with what Mr. Dart
did in that Territory. 1 presume there were
difficulties between them.
Mr. LANE. I wish to make a personal ex-
planation.
Mr. WELLS. I will yield to a question.
Mr. LANE. I desire to say a word, as the
gentleman says that there may have been some
personal difficulty between me and Mr. Dart.
Mr. WELLS. Not a personal, but an official
difficulty.
Mr. LANE. Well, official difficulty. Sir, I
was not on official duty when that gentleman was
superintendent of Indian affairs in Oregon. Gen-'
eral Gaines was appointed my successor as Gov-
ernor of Oregon, before Mr. Dart went out there;
and there was no official difficulty between us.
Mr. WELLS. Well, I will not pursue that
matter further. As I said before, the Adminis-
tration were well pleased with what Mr. Dart
did. The point which I make is, that Mr. Dart
served in Oregon three years, and hearing that
his salary had not been increased, and his health
having become somewhat impaired by the ardu-
ous nature of his duties—though he did live in a
fine house,as thegentleman says; yet he traveled
over a largo portion of the Territory, and made
treaties with the Indian tribes;—having, I say,
heard that his salary had not been increased, and
his health being impaired, he resigned his office,
and he asked us to give him that compensation to
which he considered himself entitled. The com-
mittee took up the case and examined it, and the
Senate committee reported in favor of giving him
$3,500; and it seems to me that the Government
is bound, in good faith, to give this additional
compensation. Mr. Bell scud, in the Senate,
that this gentleman accepted the office with a
positive 'promise—that is the language—that the
salary should be increased. We all know that
in Oregon these officers now receive $4,500 a year,
and we propose to give this claimant only $3,500.
1 know he is a faithful, honest man, and of the
highest respectability. I went west with him
twenty-one years ago, when ho first went to Wis-
consin, and I have known him over since; and 1
have never heard a word of complaint as to the
manner in which he discharged his duties, and it
is no more than right that ho should be paid.
Mr. IIUST. I move to lay the bill upon the
table.
Mr. GREENWOOD. I ask my colleague to
withdraw that motion for a moment, that L may
submit a motion to recommit the bill.
Mr. ItUST. The motion has been withdrawn
a number of times, and I now insist upon it.
Mr. GOODE. I call for tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Ruffin
and Todd were appointed.
The question was taken; and the tellers re-
ported—ayes 69, noes 54.
So the bill was laid upon the table.
Mr. LETCHER moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was laid on the table; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid on
the table; which latter motion was agreed to.
WEST DRINK WATER, AND OTHERS.
The House proceeded to the consideration of the
act (H. It. No. 205) for the relief of West Drink-
water, and others—the question being on order-
ing the bill to be engrossed, and read a third
time.
Mr. KNOWLTON. This bill having been
already discussed two days, 1 move the previous
question.
Mr. McMULLIN. I would like to have the
report read.
Mr. KNOWLTON. The report has been
read three times.
Mr. McMULLIN. If this is the same bill
we have had under consideration heretofore, I
move to lay it on the table.
The question was taken; and the House re-
fused to l«y the bill on the table.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered; and under the operation
thereof, the bill was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time; and being engrossed, was ac-
cordingly read the third time.
Mr. KNOWLTON moved the previous.ques-
tion on the passage of the bill.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered.
Mr. McMULLI N" called for the yeas and nays
on the passage of the bill.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the affirmative—yeas 71), nays 68; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs?. Albright, Allison, 3<ill, Barbour, Henry
Bennett, Benson, iitllinstuust, Oin^Unm, Buss, Bowie,
Biadsii/uv, Uronton, JJiooiii, Buffintou, Chaftue, Bayard
Clarke, Ezra <Jl;irk, dawson, Williamson R. W. Cobb,
Colfax, Comma, Covode, Cragm, Cumback, Damrell. Dean,
Dick, Dickson, Dodd, Dunn, Einrie, Galloway, Giddings,
Granger, Robert B. Hall, Thomas L. flams, Harrison,
Thomas R. Horton, Valentine B. Horton, Kelsey, Knapp,
Knight, Knowlton, Knox, Matteson, McCarty, Meaelsam,
Kilhan Miller, Morgan, Morrill, Norton, Pclton, Penning-
ton, Perry, Pettit, Pike, Robbing, Roberts, Sabm, Sage,
Sapp, Simmons, Spinner, Stanton, Stranahan, Tappan,
Taylor, Thonngton, Trafton, Wade, Wakeman, Wal-
brldge, Waldron, Ellihu B. Washburne, Israel Washburn,
Wells, Williams, Wood, and Woodiuif—'79.
NAYS—Messrs. Aiken, BarksdaJe, Bell, Kendley S. Ben-
nett, James II. Campbell, Ca&kjc, Cox, Craige, Crawford,
Davidson, Edmundson, Edwards, Elliott, English, Ether-
idge, Eustis, Evans, Foster, Goode, Greenwood, Harlan,
Houston, Jewett, George W. Jones, Kid well, Lake, Leiter,
Letcher, Lumpkin, Alexander K. Marshall, MeMulhn,
Smith Miller, Millson, Andrew Oliver, Packer, Parker,
Peck, Plielps, Porter, Powell, Puryear, Quitman, Ready,
lticaud, Ritchie, Rivers, Ruffin, Rust, Savage, Scott, Sher-
man, Samuel A. Smith, William Smith, William R. Smith,
Sneed, Swope, Talbott, Thurston, Todd, Underwood,
Vail, Valk, Warner, Watkms, Whitney, Woodworth, John
V. Wright, and Zollicoffer—68.
So the bill was passed.
Mr. KNOWLTON moved to reconsider the
vote by which the bill was pass^fi, and also moved
to lay the motion to reconsider on the table;
which latter motion was agreed to.
VISIT TO THE STEAMSHIP VANDERBILT.
Mr. STEPHENS. An invitation was yester-
day received by the House, to visit Commodore
Vanderbilt's steamship to-morrow. I move that
the House accept the invitation of Mr. Vander-
bilt, and that the Speaker be requested to notify
him of its acceptance, and to name the hour of
four o'clock, p. m, as the time of the visit.
Mr. MILLSON. I hope the House will make
no order on the subject.
Mr. STEPHENS. I am willing to come here
to-morrow and work till four o'clock in the after-
noon.
Mr. MILLSON. Does the gentleman from
Georgia propose that the House shall adjourn
ovci ?
Mr. &TEPHENS. Oh, no.
Mr. MILLSON. I do not think that this in-
vitation ought to go on the Journal of the House.
It is an unofficial affair altogether. It is an invi-
tation to the members individually, and the mem-
bers individually may or may not accept the in-
vitation. I do not think that the House should,
in its corporate capacity, accept an invitation to
visit a steamboat.
Mr. STEPHENS. I suggest to the gentleman
from Virginia that the invitation has been altered
on the Journal, and has been printed, "think
that in courtesy we ought to accept it.
Mr. MILLSON. I differ ftora the gentleman
from Georgia as to what the House owes to itself
in this case.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I think the in-
vitation was read to the House, and moved to be
entered on the Journal; and I think that the best
way now to test the question, whether the invita-
tion shall be accepted or not, is to make a motion
to adjourn over till Monday. You are invited to
go there at eleven o'clock, and by the time you
get back you can do nothing here. Now, sir, I
am not in favor of the adjournment, but I think
that that is the best way.
Mr. STEPHENS. On what ground does the
gentleman say that the invitation is for eleven
o'clock ? I think it is for any time that will suit
the House.
Mr. JONES. You will find that the time fixed
is eleven o'clock.
Mr. STEPHENS. Or any other time that
will suit the House.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. I desire to say to thegen-
tleman from Tennessee, a.id to the House, that
I saw Mr. Vanderbilt yesterday, and he inquired
of me at what time it would suit the convenience
of members to visit the ship, if tlicy accepted
his invitation at all? He said that his intention
was, if the House thought proper to accept the
invitation, to have a steamboat ready to convey
members from the shore to the ship, and ho
wished to know at what time it should be there?
The proposition of the gentleman from Georgia
is one which will allow the House of Represent-
atives to meet and dispose of the business of the
day, and during the interval of the recess we can
visit the vessel.
Mr. A. K. MARSHALL addressed the CSiair.
Mr. UNDERWOOD, (interrupting.) It is
true, as my friend is about to suggest, that the
tickets of invitation indicate the hour of eleven
