1856.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1706
o'clock, but this interview was subsequent to the
issuing of these tickets.
Mr. EXJSTIS. I move that when the House
adjourns to-day, it adjourn to meet on Monday
next.
Mr. MATTESON, On that motion I call for
the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. EXJSTIS. I withdraw the motion.
The question was taken on Mr. Stephens's
motion; and it was agreed to.
Mr. GIDDINGS. I move that the House re-
solve itself into a Committee of the Whole on the
Private Calendar.
ENROLLED BILL.
Mr. DAVIDSON, from the Committee on En-
rolled Bills, reported as truly enrolled an act to
alter and amend an act to appropriate money to
remove obstructions in the Savannah river, below
the city of Savannah, in the State of Georgia, ap-
proved March 3,1855; when the Speaker signed
the same.
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATIONS.
The SPEAKER, by unanimous consent, laid
before the House a message from the President
of the United States, communicatinga letter from
the Postmaster General, and the copy of a con-
ditional contract, entered into under the instruc-
tions of the President, for the purchase of a lot
and building thereon for a post office in Philadel-
phia, together with a copy of the report of the
architect of the post office building in relation to
the said- lot and building, and recommending an
appropriation of $250,000 to complete the pur-
chase, and an appropriation of $50,000 to make
the required alterations.
On motion of Mr. TYSON, the message and
accompanying documents were referred to the
Committee of Ways and Means. ^fi^r
Thc SPEAKER also laid before tmpHmis
message from the President, transmittirnra copy
of the minutes of a council held at Fort Pierre, in
Nebraska Territory, on the 1st of March, 1856,
by General Harney, with delegates from nine
bands of the Sioux Indians, and asking an appro-
priation of $100,000, to enable the Government
to carry into effect the stipulations entered into
on that occasion; which was referred to the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means, and ordered to be
printed.
AlsS, a communication from the Treasury De-
partment, transmitting estimates for deficiencies
m the appropriations for the expenses of the Ter-
ritory of Minnesota; which received the same
reference and order.
REFERENCE OP A BILL.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. Are there no bills
on the Speaker's table on their first and second
reading? 1 met a man with one of his arms off
this morning, who told me that a bill had passed
the Senate for his relief, and was here, awaiting
the action of the House.
The SPEAKER. The Chair is informed that
there is a single bill on the Speaker's table of a
private character. It will be taken up.
The bill for the relief of Donn Piatt was then
taken from the Speaker's table, read a first and
second time, and referred to the Committee on
Foreign Affairs.
WITHDRAWAL AND RETURN OF PAPERS.
On motion of Mr. GREENWOOD, by unani-
mous consent, the following resolution was con-
sidered and adopted:
Resolved, That the Clerk of this House be directed to
request the Coutt of Claims to return to tins House the bill
of the Senate entitled " An act for the relief of Theresa
Dardcnne, widow of Abraham Dardcnne, deceased, and
their surviving children," with the accompanying papers
Mr. DAVIS, of Massachusetts, by unanimous
consent, obtained leave to withdraw from the files
of the House certain papers for the purpose of
presentation at the Court of Claims.
THE PRIVATE CALENDAR.
Mr. GIDDINGS. I now insist on my motion
that the House resolve itself into a Committee
of the Whole House on the Private Calendar.
The motion was agreed to.
The House accordingly resolved itself into
Committee of the Whole House, and proceeded to
the consideration of the Private Calendar. This
being objection day., the bills were taken up in
their order; and, under the rules, such as were
not objected to were, without debate, laid aside
to be reported to the House.
A bili (S. No. 506) for the relief of the heirs and
legal representatives of Daniel Runner and Na-
thaniel H. Heath. [Objected to by Mr. Letcher.]
A bill (H. R. No. 37) for the relief of Peyton
G. King, late receiver of public money at Mon-
roe, Louisiana.
Mr. McMULLIN. I object to that bill; and
I give notice that I shall object to every bill on
the Calendar that is taken up.
Mr. DUNN. It is announced here that every
bill that is taken is to be objected to. It is not
worth our while, therefore, to take up our time
longer with the matter. I move that the commit-
tee rise.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I hope the gen-
tleman from Indiana will withdraw the motion.
If the gentleman from Virginia persists in his
objection to everything on the Calendar, let us go
through with the Calendar. It will then be in
order to begin over again, and an objection can-
not prevent us from considering the cases as they
come up.
Mr. GIDDINGS. This discussion is not in
order. I object.
The question was taken on the motion that the
committee rise; and it \yas not agreed to.
A bill (H. R. No. 104) to enable the United
States to make use of the solar compass in the
public suiveys. [Objected to by Mr. Jones, of
Tennessee.]
# Mr. TAYLOR. The gentleman from Virginia
[Mr. McMulliv] has not redeemed his pledge
to object to every bill. I move that the committee
rise.
Mr. McMULLIN. I should have objected if
the gentleman from Tennessee had not.
The motion that the committee rise was not
agreed to.
A bill (H. R. No. 224) authorizing the legal
representatives of Manuel Gonzales Moro to enter
certain lands in Missouri. [Objected to by Mr.
McMullin.]
A bill (H. R. No. 225") for the relief of Joseph
Richards, of Berks county, Pennsylvania.
Mr. McMULLIN. I object to that bill.
Mr. WHITNEY. I hope the gentleman will
give a reason for his objection.
Mr. GIDDINGS. If the gentleman chooses
to object to all those bills, the responsibility is
with him.
A bill (f-I. R. No. 243) for tlip relief of George
K. McGunnegle, surviving partner of the late
firm of Hill & McGunnegle, of St. Louis, Mis-
souri.
Mr. Q.UITMAN. I think, if gentlemen will
hear the report in this case, they will not make
objection to the bill.
IVlr. McMULLIN. I feel called on, in dis-
charge of my representative duty, to object to this
bill.
Mr. HOUSTON. As this is in all likelihood
the last objection day, and as it is now near two
o'clock, and we could not make .any headway
with the appropriation bills if we went into the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union, I appeal to the gentleman from Virginia
to let us go on with the bills on the Private Cal-
endar.
Mr. GIDDINGS. I call the gentleman to
order.
Mr. HOUSTON. I sympathize with the gen-
tleman in his desire to get through the appropria-
tion bills; but I ask him to let us go on with the
Private Calendar.
The CHAIRMAN. Does the gentleman ob-
ject to the bill before the committee?
Mr. McMULLIN. I do object to it.
A bill (H. R. No. 254) for the relief of the
heirs of the late Samuel K. Thurston, Delegate
from Oregon.
Mr. STANTON. I have examined that bill,
and I object to it.
Mr. STEPHENS. I move that the committee
do now rise; and on that motion I call for tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Davis, of
Massachusetts, and Millson, were appointed.
The question was taken; and the tellers re-
ported—ayes 54, noes 71.
So the motion was disagreed to.
Mr. SNEED> I rise to a question of order.
The bill which has just been passed over for the
relief the heirs of the late Samuel R. Thurston,
was obicctcd to last objection day by the gentle-
man from Ohio; and 1 make the point of order
that it cannot be objected to a second time., on
another objection day.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair overrules the
point of order.
Mr, SNEED. I understand that it has been
the rule of the House not to receive objections a
second time on a second objection day.
The CHAIRMAN. The bill has been disposed
of for the present. The Calendar was called
through on the last objection day, and the call
has been commenced anew; and the Chair holds
that the gentleman from Ohio had a right to make
objection; and objection having been made,, the
bill has been passed over.
A bill (H. R. No. 260) for the relief of the legal
representatives of Thomas Gordon, .deceased.
[Objected to by Mr. McMullin.]
A bill (H.R.No. 269) for the relief of the sure-
ties of the late Lieutenant Charles E. Jarvis, Uni-
ted States Army.
Mr. LETCHER. That bill is founded on one
presumption upon the top of another to establish
the claim, and I object to it.
Mr. FULLER, of Maine. I move that the
committee do now rise.
Mr. DAVIDSON We have arrived at such
a point that the whole House can see that the
despotism of the rule is to be enforced, to the
destruction of the just rights of claimants to relief
at our hands. I therefore move that the com-
mittee do now rise.
Mr. BENSON. I hone the committee will not
rise. I desire that we snail go on until we reach
Ihe bill for the relief of the widows and orphans
of the officers, seamen, and marines, of the United
States sloop-of-war Albany, in the loss of which
two hundred and sixty-one persons lost their
lives, and not a dollar has been paid to the widows
and orphans of those so lost. [Cries of " Order
" Order!"] I want to see who will object to that
bill.
Mr. LETCHER. I shall object to any bill
which I think is based upon a wrong principle.
I objected to the bill which was last read because
it makes an allowance founded not upon a particle
of evidence, but upon the force of presumption.
Mr. TAYLOR. If the House will allow me,
I will request my friend from Louisiana to with-
draw the motion that the committee rise.. It was
true that, in the excitement of the moment, I
pledged myself to make the motion whenever the
gentleman from Virginia [Mr. McMullim] failed
to object to a bill; but I must confess, that per-
haps I acted with a little precipitation, ana as
some of my friends have been sufferers by the
objections of the gentleman from Virginia, I am
not disposed that others should suffer in conse-
quence of my action. Therefore, I hope my col-
league will withdraw his motion.
Mr. DAVIDSON. I will withdraw it.
Mr. McMULLIN. Mr. Chairman,I will 
["Order!"] I consider ["Order!" "Or-
der !"]
Mr. GIDDINGS. I object to anything out of
order.
Mr. McMULLIN. I rise to a perso.nal ex-
planation.
Mr. GIDDINGS. We want no personal ex-
planation of the kind. I call the gentleman to
order.
Mr. HOUSTON. I hope the gentleman will
be allowed to make the personal explanation he
desires to make. It may result in promoting the
business of the committee.
Mr. GIDDINGS. I object to time being ap-
propriated to such a purpose.
Mr. TAYLOR. I trust the member from Ohio
will withdraw the objection. The explanation
will take but a single moment.
Mr. GIDDINGS. I shall not withdraw it. I
insist upon proceeding with the business of the
committee.
Mr. GOODE. 1 move that the committee do
now rise.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. The committee
has heard the explanation of the gentleman from
Louisiana, [Mr. Taylor,] and I think it is only
right that it should hear that of the gentleman
from Virginia. [Cries of " Order!"]
Mr. HOUSTON. The explanation is short,
