156
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[March 10,
34th Cong.... 1st Sess.
Kunsus Contested Election—JUr. Smith, oj -Alubuintt.
Ho. of Reps.
claims; and when he was instigated oy those who
live in New York and Massachusetts, who pull
the wires by which he dances, then, and not till
then, did he discover the revolting frauds and as-
saults upon the ballot-boxes of Kansas.
To show the studied and persistent design of
these eastern operators to mislead public opinion,
let me cite the fact, that the New York Tribune,
the great mouthpiece of Black Republican corrup- i
tion, published last November a list of the mem- j
bers and Delegates to this House, and it published ,
as the Delegate from Kansas, A. H. Reeder, in
capitals, and modestly inserted in italics that his
seat was contested by J. W. Whitfield. This _
is the form of the Tribune's statement: " Delegate . send for persons and papers, have no other object
" patronized" the elections. The thought was a
happy one. The ex-Governor makes his motion
—Greeley seconds it—pats him on the back and
says, " That's it; go it, Reeder!" It is doubtless
true that some citizens of Missouri were in Kan-
sas on the day of election, and at some of the
places of voting—they voted also. This they
ought not to have done unless they were legally
entitled to do so. But when was there ever an
exciting election at which no illegal vote gets into
the ballot-box ? But I venture to say that the
exaggerated statements put forth in that paper
have no foundation in fact. Its presentation here,
and this request of the committee for power to
from Kansas: A. H. Reeder, disputed by John
W. Whitfield." That same veracious print has
also been in the practice for many years of pub-
lishing annually a political almanac. In its last
issue it says, there were two elections for Delegate
from Kansas:
" At one election, patronized very laigely by residents of
Missouri, Mr. Whitfield, pro-slavery, was elected; at the
other, when residents of the Territory only were permitted
to participate, ex-Governor Reeder was chosen almost
unanimously, receiving about three thousand votes. Whit-
F1ELD CONTESTS."
Here the elections are both referred to as pre-
senting no difference in point of legality, except
that Whitfield received votes from Missouri, and
Reeder only legal votes; and then it is asserted
that " Whitfield contests." Here is the double
baseness of the suppressio veri et suggestio falsi.
These statements were thus circulated by millions
of copies, and scattered broadcast over the whole
North. 'I cite these facts to show the studied pur-
pose of the Abolition leaders of the North to mis-
lead the judgments and corrupt the minds of the
people upon this question, ana to prepare them for
the ready reception as truth of whatever may be
said by the friends of Reeder in the contest now
going on here. They have never made the cor-
rection in the Tribune that I have seen, but I think
it will be found that the result will not quite verify
the allegations of that notable periodical.
But let us turn to some of the discoveries lately
made by this ex-Governor. He tells us that
when he issued the certificates of election, on the
5th of April, to the members elect of the Legis- [
lature, he did not know of the great outrages J
which had been perpetrated on the soil of the
Territory over which he was exercising the func-
tions of Governor. And if we are to give him j
any credit for truth or consistency, he had not
found it out even in July, when acting with the
Legislature as a coordinate branch of the terri-
torial government. He did not know for three or
four months after it had occurred that armed
squadrons and regiments of Missouri ruffians had
invaded Kansas, with batteries of artillery, and
banners floating in the prairie air—
" All the while
Sonorous metal blowing martial sounds."
I think the whole country will agree with me
in the opinion that his Excellency, when he made
that statement that " he did not know" of those
things, must have been very base, or else very
stupid, up to the time he made the discovery. I
believe, however, he spoke the truth when he
said " he did not know of those occurrences. I
have no idea that he knew anything of them then;
and I have no idea that he or anybody else knows
of them now. Governor Reeder went from the
eastern part of Pennsylvania to the extreme
western frontier. Every man at all familiar with
frontier life knows that on all public occasions the
backwoodsmen come together dressed perhaps in
hunting shirts, with a rifle upon one" shoulder and
a shot-pouch over the other, with a butcher-knife
in their girdle, to cut the throat of any chance
deer they may happen to knock over. His Ex-
cellency heard of these men, that they were some
of them present, as they always are, on election
days; that some of them were armed with Ken-
tucky rifles, or Illinois rifles, (for they are much
alike,) and wanting some pretext for the extraor-
dinary course he had determined to pursue, the
thought at once struck him to "put this and
that together." His eyes opened; and all those
frontier-men, with their hunting-rifles and butch-
er-knives, were magnified into pro-slavery ma-
rauders and cut-throats, who had invaded Kansas
from Missouri, and had, as Mr. Greeley says,
but to cxcite and inflame the public mind at the
North, with a view of affecting the coming elec-
tions. Gentlemen may not be able to see it, and
be thus led unwittingly to aid in prosecuting this
unworthy purpose.
The origin of this difficulty can be very easily
traced, and its history understood. When the
Kansas-Nebraska bill was passed by the last
Congress, it was at once proclaimed by those
who had been most bitterly opposed to its pas-
sage, including many of the three thousand cler-
gymen, that, as they had been unsuccessful in
their efforts in Congress, they would transfer the
battle-ground to Kansas. The Black Republican
press of the North, and the Black Republican
preachers, with that reverend rifleman—Henry
Ward Beecher—at their head, have declared from
their pulpits that they will carry freedom into
Kansas by means of revolvers and Sharpe's rifles,
and that these implements of death are more
effective agents for that purpose than the Bible
and the sword of the Spirit The bayonet is a
more attractive weapon for these men than such
reasoning as Paul used before Agrippa; and an
ammunition-wagon has for them more charms
than the sacred desk. Here is what that rev-
erend gentleman said in an address, or sermon,
in Brooklyn, in January last:
" He believed that the Sharpe rifle was a truly moral
agency, and that there was more moral power in one of
those instruments, so far as the slaveholders of Kansas were
concerned, than in a hundred Bibles. You might just as
well (said he) read the Bible to buffaloes as to those fellows
who follow Atchison and Stringfellow; but they have a
supreme respect for the logic that is embodied in Sharpe's
rifles. The Bible is addressed to the conscience ; but when I
you address it to them it has no effcct—there is no con-
science there. Though he was a peace man, he had the
greatest regard for Sharpe's rifles, and for that pluck that
induced those New England men to use them. In such j
issues, under such circumstances, he was decidedly in favor
of such instrumentalities." I
Mr. Speaker, there is scarcely a man who has |
carefully considered the whole subject, who
does not believe that Kansas, from its soil, cli- j
mate, and the circumstances which exist, will !
be a non-slaveholding State; yet this does not
satisfy these men, whose daily bread is political
excitement, and they accordingly make use of
their holy calling to instigate a military crusade,
never equaled since the days of Peter the Hermit.
Under these influences charters were procured
from State Legislatures, incorporating persons,
with millions of capital, for the avowed purpose
of making Kansas a free State, by peopling it
with men from Massachusetts and other eastern
States. It is said they had a right to do this.
Without discussing that question, it is sufficient
to say, that the people of the slaveholding States
will contend for at least the right to go there, and
to oppose such attempts. But it will probably
be found, and history will in the end so record
it, that if any interference has been attempted by
the pedple of Missouri in the affairs of Kansas,
it has been prompted by the motive of self-defense
from what they deemed a fearful danger. This
is the origin of the strife in Kansas. Had no
extraordinary means been resorted to by eastern
corporations to fill up that Territory with a par-
ticular class of persons, Reeder would never have
been here with his memorial; and had Reeder
himself been governed by honest motives, and
had he faithfully discharged his duty in the re-
sponsible position where he had been placed by
the President, we should never have had this
subject before us for discussion. Why have not
the same difficulties occurred in Nebraska? That
Territory is moving on quietly and peacefully to
prosperity, and under the same law which created
the Territory of Kansas. It is because outstdo
influences, sustained by corporate wealth, liavn
not attempted to mold its institutions. ^ And
why did they not attempt it? Ah, sir, Kansas
lay next Missouri, and these influences were
aimed and struck at her institutions. Her citi-
zens may have thought it just to parry the blow.
That is all, sir.
I then say that this whole movement was in-
stigated, and has been prosecuted with the objects
of shaping the institutions of Kansas, and ulti-
mately those of Missouri, and in keeping up a
political excitement in the country, by which
ccrtain political leaders hoped to be advanced,
and also to use that excitement in turning to good
advantage the " almighty dollar."
This is the year to make a new election for
President, and it is desirable in certain quarters
tliat the anti-slavery excitement should not be
permitted to flag'. It needs fuel just now, and
this committee wish to be authorized to bring
some from Kansas, to revive its flickering flame.
In pursuit of their object, they are ready to strike
down laws, precedents, judicial decisions, and
constitutions, and substitute for them the arbi-
trary will of a majority of this House. They
even declare in their report that " this House is
bound by no rule but its own sense of right, and con-
scientious discretion." I am afraid the country
will think that there is not much of this " sense
of right" or " conscii ntious discretion" here, and
no vote of mine shall ever give such committee
any more power than they have. If it is desired
to have an investigation into Kansas affairs gen-
erally, including the speculations of Reeder, and
the Sharpe's rifle and sharp practice operations of
the emigrant aid societies, and you will name a
committee that makes any pretensions to impar-
tiality, I will vote for it with full powers. But to
set a political partisan Committee of Elections at
work, to collect facts for a political report, to
promote only the interests of the party they rep-
resent, and not the truth of history, and upon a
j matter in no way connected with any question of
! election before them, is one of the things I was
not sent here to do. I say nothing of the thou-
sands of dollars which it would cost the people.
The expense is nothing, if the object and the
means were legitimate and proper.
Gentlemen may denounce the Kansas-Nebraska
law to their entire satisfaction. It can avail them
nothing. The crisis has passed, and the reflux
of public sentiment has begun—that public senti-
ment which is to vindicate and establish forever,
as the permanent policy of this Government, the
principles embraced in that important act—prin-
ciples upon which the early fathers of the Re-
public acted for thirty years, until the act of 1820
abandoned that primitive policy, and by sectional
legislation begat sectional discord. We have re-
turned to that primitive policy once more, and it
never will be changed.
Sir, I'stand upon this floor the only member
from a northern State reversing a congressional
district in favor of the Kansas-Nebraska bill. By
the principles of that act, according as they do
with the compromise measures of 1850,1 shall
stand. There my constituents will stand. There
the country will stand. They will sustain that
great measure. They will sustain the acts of the
people of Kansas in establishing under it their Ter-
ritorial Legislature, and in sending their present
territorial Delegate here: and they will do it despite
the efforts of this committee, who declare that this
House is bound by no rule of law or justice, but
its own peculiar sense of right and discretion.
KANSAS CONTESTED ELECTION.
SPEECH OF HON. W. R. SMITH,
OP ALABAMA,
In the House of Representatives,
March 10, 1856,
On the resolution reported by the Committee of
Elections- in the Contested-Election case from
Kansas Territory.
Resolved, That the Committee on Elections, in the con-
tested-election case from the Territory of Kansas be, and
are hereby, empowered to send for persons and papers, and
to examine witnesses upon oath or affirmation.
Mr. SMITH, of Alabama, said:
Mr. Speaker: Having declined to concur in
