1856.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
80S
that as a thing to be compensated by an outfit; |
they would treat him just as if he were detached
from his residence in the United States to the
place where he was sent, and there would be no
additional salary. The Government would thus
save the additional salary which would have been
paid if another minister had been employed.
Such practice, I understand, has been pursued
from the organization of the Government down
to the present time.
Here were two gentlemen joined in a joint com-
mission. Sneof them has been paid on the princi-
ple prescribed in this bill; and the question now
before the committee is as to whether the other
should be or should not be paid on the same prin-
ciple. It is utterly impossible to draw any dis-
tinction between the two cases. The same rank,
the same grade of diplomatic character, was pos-
sessed by both these gentlemen. Both were
joined in the commission. They performed the
services conjointly; one of them has been paid
and the other has not beenpaid; and the question
is now as to whether the other shall be also paid.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. Will the gentleman
allow me to make a remark here? The differ-
ence between Mr. Schenck and Mr. Pendleton is
just this: that Mr. Pendleton made a treaty by
himself—Mr. Schenck being compelled to return
to his mission at Rio Janeiro—so that Mr. Pen-
dleton lias actually performed most scrvice.
Mr. STANTON. It is undoubtedly true that
abuses may arise under such a practice as this,
and under such a principle; the difficulty is, how
you are to remedy it now.
Mr. SIMMONS. It cannot occur again, as
there was an act passed last year remodeling the
whole diplomatic and consular system.
Mr. STANTON. The same subject is before !
the Committee oil Foreign Affairs. Now, sir, I
do not propose to occupy the time of the commit-
tee longer. I have stated the ground on which,
as I understand it, the Committee on Foreign Af-
fairs have placed this case—a ground which, it
seems to iur, the committee cannot fail to recog-
nize in their action in the passage of this bill.
Mr. CRAIGE. I desire to oiler an amendment
to this bill. I think that notwithstanding what
lias been said on both sides of the question, I can
satisfy the committee that what I propose ought
to be adopted. If I understood the answer of the
chairman of the Committee on Foreign Affairs to
the question propounded by the gentleman from
Tennessee, [Mr. Ready,] Mr. Pendleton has
received $4,500 as his outfit as charge; he has
received $4,500 as his compensation as charge,
raid by this bill lie is to receive §9,000 as his out-
fit as minister to Uruguay, and $9,000 more as
his outfit as minister to Paraguay, so that if this
bill passes in its present shape, Mr. Pendleton
will get in all $07,000 for his services during one
year—$2:2,500 in the way of outfit, and §4,500 in
the way of compensation.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. That is a mistake.
He was sent as charge long before.
Mr. CRAIGE. Well, sir, it will not be denied
that when he was sent to Buenos Ayres he re-
ceived an outfit of §4,500. Is not that true?
Mr. SMITH. I presume so.
Mr. CRAIGE. Then I ask the gentleman from
Virginia if he did not receive a compensation as
charge of $4,500?
Mr. SMITH. I presume so.
Mr. CRAIGE. I now hold in my hand the
bill before us, which reads as follows:
Be it cnu<ted by the Senate and House of Representatives
of the United States of America in Congress assembled,
'.That the Secretary of the Ticasuiy be, and he is hereby,
directed to pay, out of any moneys 111 the Tieasury not oth-
eiwne appiopriatcd,to John S. Pendloton, for ins full com-
pensation whilst employed as immstci of the United States
on special mission to the Onental Republic of Uraeuay, in
the j ear 18.32, the sum of §9,000, deducting theretiom any
amount winch he may have ijcretofoic received as compen-
sation for said services in said mission.
I suppose that is the compensation of §25 per
day, which he received under the act of the last
Congress. The bill goes on:
And for like full compensation for his services in the
same character to the Republic of Paraguay, m the year
$9,000, deducting therefrom any amount of money he
may have heretofore received as compensation for Ins ser-
vices in said mission to Paraguay.
The amount which is to be deducted from these
two outfits is simply the $35 per day which he has
already received.
"Mr. SMITH. Will the gentlaman allow me a
single remark?—for I do not want to mystify this
matter at all. Mr. Pendleton was charge d'af-
faires to Euenos Ayres, at an annual compensa-
tion such as the gentleman has named. While
there, however, lie received the appointment of
full minister, in connection with Mr. Schenck.
He performed the duty with Mr. Schenck of
making treaties with four Governments at differ-
ent points on the borders of this great river, and
this is a proposition to pay him the outfit of a
minister to those Governments. It proposes
nothing by way of compensation.
Mr. CRAIGE. I understand that. I have not
stated that he receives any compensation as min-
ister. The gentleman corroborates all I have said.
The mere fact that lie had been at Buenos Ayres
one or twc&years dors not negative the fact that
he received $4,500 as his outfit as charge. I have
not said that he receives anything as compensa-
tion for his services as minister to TJraguay or
Paraguay. But he has received his outfit as
charge; and this bill proposes to give lum two out-
fits of §9,000 each, making three outfits that he
is to be paid. Now, if you are to receive him in
the capacity of a minister, and pay his outfits as
such, then I say that from the sum you propose
to appropriate should be deducted the outfit he
has received as charge d'affaires; and I move to
amend the bill to that effect, by deducting the
$4,500, being the amount which lie lias received
as outfit as charge.
Mr. ORR. As there seems to be a very grave
constitutional question to be decided by the com-
mittee, and as it is getting rather late, I ifiove that
the committee do now rise. [Cries of " no, no."]
Mr. ORR. If gentlemen will take the vote
now, I am willing to waive the motion; hut if
there is to be further discussion, [ shall insist
upon it.
The question was taken uponMr. "Washburn's
amendment; and it was agreed to.
The question then recurred upon the amend-
ment offered by Mr. Craige.
Mr. CRAIGE. I will offer my amendment in
this form:
And also deducting from suid amount his outfit as chaig6
d'alfaues to Buenos Ayres.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia, demanded tellers on
the amendment.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Flagler
and Winslow were appointed.
The question was taken; and the telleis re-
ported—ayes 45, noes 72.
So the amendment was disagreed to.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I move that the
committee do now rise and report tile bill.
The motion was agreed to.
So the committee rose, and the Speaker pro
tempore (Mr. Haven) having taken the chair, the
Chairman reported that the Committee of the
Whole House had had the Private Calendar gen-
erally under consideration, and particularly a bill
of the House for the relief of John S. Pendleton,
and had directed him to report the same back,
with an amendment.
Mr. PENNINGTON moved the previous ques-
tion .
The previous question was seconded; and the
main question was ordered to be now put.
Mr. CRAIGE moved that the House adjourn.
The motion was disagreed to.
The question was taken on the amendment re-
ported by the Committee of the Whole House,
and it was concurred in.
The bill was then ordered to be engrossed, and
read a third time; and being engrossed it was
accordingly read the third time.
Mr. H. MARSHALL moved the previous
question on the passage of the bill.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question was ordered to be put.
Mr. MORGAN asked for the yeas and nays
upon the passage of the bill.
The yeas and nays were ordered. _
The question was taken, and it was decided m
the affirmative—yeas G9, nays 56; as follows:
YEAS —Messrs. Albright, B.ill, Bell. Benson, Bocoek,
Buffinton, Burhngame, Jame^ II. Caiuphell, John I.
Campbell, Caruttiers, Caskie, i'zto Clark, dawson, Cox,
Davidson, Henry Winter Davis, Denver, JDuileu, Edie,
i-Idimilldscm, Eu^tis, Faulkner, Flagler, Florence, Giddings,
Hurliert, [loiioway, Thomas It liorton, iveiit, Kcmielt,
Knight, Knowlton, Kunkel, Lmdley, Humphrey Marshall,
Mattesoil, Maxwell, SIcMullm, Millwaid, Norton, Ori,
Paine, Parker, Polton, Pennington, Porter, Powell, Pringle,
Quitman, Ritchie, Sabin, Sapp, Scott, Seward, Simmons,
William Smith. Stanton, Stranahan, Talbot, Thurston,
Tyson, Wade, Waltcman, Walker, E!Vhu B. Washbume,
Isiael Washburn, Welch, Williams, and Woodruff—69.
NAi'S— Messrs. Barclay, Baiksdale, Hendley S. Ben-
nett, Bingham, Bliss, Brooks, Burnett, Cadwalader, Chaffee,
Williamson R. W. Cobb, Colfax, Covode, (.'ragin, Craige,
Crawford,Cumback, Damrell, Dean, Dodd, Dowdell, Eoirie,"
Gilbert, Greenwood, Augustus Hall, Harlan, Hoffman,
(ieorge W. Jones, Kelly, Knapp, Knox, Lumpkin, McCarty,
Smith Miller, Morgan, Mott, Murray, Perry, Pettit, Phelps,
Puryear, Ready, Kuffin, Sage, Sneed, Spinner, Stewart,
Tappan, Trafton, Underwood, Waldron, Cadwaiader C.
Washburne, Watson, Winslow, Woodworth, Jonh V.
Wright, and Zoilicoffer—56.
So the bill was passed.
Pending the call of the roll,
Mr. MILLER, of Indiana, stated that his col-
leagues, Messrs. English and Barbour, -had
paired off generally for two weeks.
Mr. FLORENCE said: I have paired off upon
all important questions with a gentleman from
Ohio, (Mr. Houton,) and I have to refer to a col-
league of his, (Mr. Harlan,) if there should be a
doubt as to my right to vote. I have just referred
to that gentleman, and he expresses his opinion
that I can vote without a violation of my pledge
to Mr. Hoiiton. Under these circumstances, and
believing that my vote may be necessary to con-
stitute a quorum of the House, and in that view*
important, and believing further that this case is
similar to that of Mr. Schenck, for which I voted,
I vote " ay."
Mr. H. MARSHALL moved to reconsider tho
vote by which the bill was passed, and also moved
to lay the motion to reconsider upon the table.
Mr. CRAIGE. Upon the latter motion, I de-
mand the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
The question was then taken; and the motion
was agreed to.
The title of the bill was then agreed to.'
Mr. H. MARSHALL moved to reconsider the
vote by which the title was agreed to; and also
moved to lay the motion to reconsider upon tho
table; which latter motion was agreed to.
And then, on motion of Mr. Ruffin, (at five
minutes before four o'clock,) the House adjourned
until Monday next, at twelve o'clock, m."
IN SENATE.
Monday, Jlpril 14, 185G.
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. Henry C. Dean.
The Journal of Friday was read and approved.
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATION.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore laid before the
Senate a report of the Secretary of the Interior,
communicating, in compliance with a resolution
of the Senate, information respecting compensa-
tion to registers and receivers of the land offices
for their services in taking bounty land warrants
and scrip instead of money, in payment for public
lands; which was laid on the table, and ordered
to be printed.
MESSAGE FROM THE HOUSE.
A message from the House of Representatives
by Mr. Barclay, Assistant Clerk, announced
that the House had passed a bill for the relief of
Jolin S. Pendleton.
KANSAS LEGISLATIVE PETITION.
Mr. IiARLAN presented the petition of James
H. Lane, Senator elect from Kansas, explaining
the circumstances under which the memorial from
the members of the Senate and the House of
Representatives of the provisional government of
Kansas, which was presented last week by Mr.
Cass, and returned by the Senate, was drawn up
and adopted; and in doing so he entered into an
elaborate history and vindication of Mr. Lane.
Accompanying the petition was the original me-
morial which the Senate had rejected, which Mr.
Lane prayed the Senate to accept, and to grant
the prayer of its petition for the admission of
Kansas into the Union with her present consti-
tution, on an equal footing with the other States.
A discussion followed which occupied five hours
and a half, some of which is reserved for revision;
and therefore, as its fractional publication would
detract from its intelligibility, it is postponedihat
it may be published together. It will be found
entire, in the Appendix.
DISTRICT ARMORY.
During the debate, several messages in writing
