1856.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1767
been mislaid in the Pension Office, that he issue
to them a warrant or warrants for such number
of Acres as they may be entitled to under the
bounty land laws of the State of Virginia.
The bill was laid aside to be reported to the
House.
A bill (C. C. No. 3) for the relief of James M.
Lindsay. [Objected to by Mr. Cobb, of Ala-
bama.]
A bill (C. C. No. 4) for the relief of Salvador
Accardi. [Objected to by Mr. Cobb, of Ala-
bama.]
A bill (C. C. No. 6) for the relief of William
H. Chase. [Objected to by Mr. Cobb, of Ala-
bama.]
An act (S. No. 154) for the relief of the legal
representatives of Zadoclt Thompson, of Ver-
mont. [Mr. Cobb, of Alabama, objected.]
Mr. MORRILL. I hope the gentleman from
Alabama will withdraw his objection to that bill.
It was investigated by the Committee of Claims,
and received the sanction of that committee. It
is for services rendered to the Census bureau.
There is no question as to the fact of the services
having been rendered, but there is no fund out
of which it can be paid. I hope no objection will
be made.
Mr. COBB. I withdraw my objection.
The bill provides that there be paid to the legal
representatives of Zadock Thompson, of Ver-
mont, §300; the same to be in full for his services
in preparing a historical introduction to the re-
turns of the seventh census for the State of Ver-
mont.
The bill was laid aside to be reported to the
House.
Joint resolution (S. No. 9) for the relief of
John Y. Laub, a clerk in the office of the First
Comptroller of the Treasury.
The joint resolution directs that the increase in
the salary of John Y. Laub, a clerk in tlie office
of the First Comptroller of the Treasury', author-
ized by the act of September 30, 1850, shall
commence on the 1st of July, 1849, the date of
the commencement of the additional services
performed by said Laub: provided, the amount
hereby authorized to be paid shall not exceed
§333 33.
The joint resolution was laid aside to be re-
ported to the House.
A resolution to pay John Lee the sum of §390
out of the contingent fund, in full compensation
for five horses killed while in the service of the
Hoase of Representatives.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I propose to
amend that resolution by striking out the pro-
vision which requires the money to be paid out
of the contingent fund of the House, and insert-
ing a provision that it be paid out of any money
in the Treasury not otherwise appropriated.
Mr. KNOWLTON. I hop£ the resolution
will be allowed to remain as it is. It is but a
small amount—not over three hundred dollars.
It is to pay for horses lost.
Mr. JONES. I think the resolution had better
be a joint resolution.
Mr. KNOWLTON. I hope the gentleman
will bear in mind that it is for the service of the
House, and not of the House and Senate.
Mr. JONES. Not this House.
Mr. KNOWLTON. No, sir; but a former
House of Representatives.
Mr. JONES. 1 insist upon my amendment.
The amendment was not agreed to.
The bill was laid aside to be reported to the
House.
A bill (C. C. No. 2) for the relief of Asbury
Dickms. [Objected to by Mr. Cobb, of Alabama.]
A bill (C. C. No. 8) for the relief of Michael
N our sc. [Objected to by Mr. Cobb, of Alabama.]
A bill (C. C. No. 5) for the relief of John Robb.
[Objected to by Mr. Cobb, of Alabama.]
A bill (H. R. No. 330) for the relief of John
Poe, of Louisville, Kentucky.
The bill directs the Secretary of the Treasury
-to pay to John Poe, of Louisville, Kentucky,
$752 50, in full compensation for his services m
purchasing horses and mules for the Army of the
United States m 1846.
The bill was laid aside to be reported to the
House.
Mr. PHELPS. A few moments ago, I ob-
jected to a bill for the relief of Isaac Adams. I
objected to it on my general rule of opposition
to the extension of monopolies. I understand
that the publishing houses of the country are
desirous that Mr. Adams's patent shall be ex-
tended. If I had been aware of this fact when'the
bill was up I would not have objected to-it.
Mr. TRAFTON. I object to going back.
Mr. SMITH, of Tennessee. I hope objec-
tion will be withdrawn; the bill is recommended
by every prominent publisher in the country.
Mr. PENNINGTON. I renew the objection
to the1 bill.
Mr. LEITER. I ask leave to withdraw ob-
jection to the bill for the relief of Betsey Nash.
Mr. COVODE. I ask fhat the gentleman from
Virginia be also allowed to withdraw his objec-
tion to the bill for the relief of the widow of the
late Commodore David Porter.
Mr. STANTON. I object. I insist that the
Clerk proceed regularly with the bills on the Cal-
endar. I object to going back.
A bill (H. R. No. 331) for the relief of John
Otis.
The bill directs the Secretary of the Treasury to
pay to John Otis $917 50, in full compensation
for services rendered in taking care of the sick
and wounded at the battle of Sandy Creek, and
for quarters and material furnished the wounded
prisoners at said battle, in the year 1814.
From the report which was read, it appears that
the claimant, previous to, and since, the year 1812,
resided with his family near the mouth of Sandy
creek, where it empties into Lake Ontario, in the
town of F.llisburg, in the county of Jefferson,
New York; that, during the war of 1812 between
the United States and Great, Britain, to wit: in
the year 1814, a severe battle was fought at this
point, known as the " battle of Sandy creek," in
which many persons were killed and wounded.
There being no convenient quarters in which
these unfortunate soldiers could be placed and
cared for, Mr. Otis, upon the request of the sur-
geon, John McCauly, opened his doors, and
appropriated his dwelling, which, for the space of
seventeen .days, was used as an hospital, accom-
modating and furnishing thirty wounded pris-
oners, a surgeon by the name of Marsh, and two
assistants, making in all thirty-three persons,
with beds, bedding, rations, &c. In addition to
this, Mr. Otis purchased and furnished a quantity
of cotton cloth for the requisite covering and
shrouds for the sick, three of whom died at this
house or hospital. One bed was entirely de-
stroyed; another was taken to Sackett's Harbor,
on which was conveyed a sick soldier. The price
of these beds was fixed at the time, with Surgeon
McCauly, at sixty dollars. While Mr. Otis and
his family were thus deprived of the usual domes-
tic comforts, tliey devoted their time and energies
in administering to the numerous wants of the
distressed inmates.
The bill was laid aside to be reported to the
House.
Mr. PENNINGTON. I ask leave to with-
draw the objection I made to a bill for the relief
of Isaac Adams.
Mr. McMCJXXJN. I object to going back.
Mr. COBB, of Alabama. I wish to correct a
mistake into which 1 fell a few moments ago. I
went off half cocked, and objected to two or
three bills which 1 ought not to have objected to.
Mr. STANTON. I object to going back.
The bill (H. R. No. 338) for the relief of Wil-
liam Jones.
The bill provides that the Secretary of the
Treasury pay to Calvin Hall, assignee of Wil-
liam Jones, such a sum of money as shall equal
the value of three hundred and two sheep belong-
ing to Jones, and which were improperly seized
andsold by the Government officers, in 1851,for
an alleged non-payment of duties. A letterfrom
the Secretary of the Treasury, shows that the
Treasury Department offered to remit all claim to
the sheep,provided the claimant would pay "costs
of suit, and all such necessary expenses as might
be allowed by the court." The claimant would
not do this, insisting that the Government had im-
properly seized the sheep. Under these circum-
stances, the revenue officers sold the sheep, paid
the expenses, and the balance was paid into the
Treasury.
The bill was laid aside to be reported to the
House.
A bill (H. R. No. 334) for the relief of Wil-
liam B. Cozzens.
The bill provides that the Secretary of the
Treasury pay to William B. Cozzens §1,000, in
full compensation for his storehouse, taken from
him for the use of the United States, m January,
1847, by Captain L. H. Webb, by order of Quar-
termaster General Jesup.
This claim is for the value of a store or ware-
house which the claimant owned at Point Isabel,
and which was taken possession of by Captain
L. H. Webb, on the 15th January, 1847, by
order of General Jesup, for the use of the United
States. The letters of General Jesup and Cap-
tain Webb proye the truth of the averment. The
cost of the store was about gl ,000, but it is pro ved
to have been worth at that time $2,000. The
claimant being willing to accept the cost of the
building in full payment of his loss and damages,
the committee reported a bill for that amount,
and recommended its favorable consideration.
The bill was laid aside to be reported to the
House.
A bill (H. R. No. 333) for the relief of Collins
Boomer. [Objected tobyMr.SMiTH,ofVirginia.]
A bill (H. R. No. 335) for the relief of Henry
L. Robinson.
The bill provides that the Secretary of the
Treasury pay to Henry L. Robinson $171, for
retained bounty, and for his services inthe United
States Army, from April, 1814, to the day of his
discharge, m February, 1815. Said Robinson
served as a musician in the thirty-first regiment
of the U nited States infantry, for the period of nine
months and twenty-one days, without pay, during
the'late war with Great Britain; also, that of the,
$ 124 bounty to which he was entitled, he received
but $50.
The bill was laid aside to be reported to the
House.
A resolution (H. R. No. 103) to pay William
Cooper the sum of $400, for his services as
laborer at the Capitol, during the Thirty-First
and Thirty-Second Congresses.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I would inquire
of the committee who teported the bill, if this
gentleman was employed about the Capitol, and
what his compensation was ?
Mr. KNOWLTON. The facts in the case, as
understood by the committee, are these: He was
employed at the House stable, and received there
for such services the sum of $18 per month. In
addition to services rendered m tliat capacity, he
rendered services in transporting books, docu-
ments, and chests containing books of members,
for which services the sum of $100 per session
has since been paid.
Mr. JONES. Then it is intended to go back,
and give extra compensation, because it has since
been done?
Mr. KNOWLTON. The committee were
unanimously of opinion that this laborer should
be paid the compensation which the committee
have reported.
Mr. UNDERWOOD objected.
A bill (H. R. No. 336) for the relief of Rans-
dell Pegg. [Objected to by Mr. Letter.]
A bill (H. R. No. 337) directing the settlement
of the account of David Gordon.
The bill provides that the First Auditor of the
Treasury adjust and settle the account of David
Gordon as examining agent of the land offices in
Louisiana and Mississippi, and that he be allowed
the per diem specified in his letter of instructions,
from December 8, 1852, the day upon which he
commenced the service at Greensburg, Louisi-
ana, to the 11th of June following, when he-
terminated the service at Jackson, Mississippi,
inclusive, and that he be allowed mileage from
this city to the offices visited and back, agreeable
to a schedule of distances furnished by the Gen-
eral Post Office Department: provided, that the
rate of mileage shall not exceed that specified .in
his letter of instructions; and that the same be
paid out of any fund hitherto subject to be
charged for such special or contingent services:
and provided also, that the sum paid by the Sec-
retary of the Treasury on account of the second
service be deducted in the final settlement under
this act.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I would inquire
if the amount of this claim has not been settled
at the Treasury Department, under the laws
under which he was employed ?
Mr. LAKE. In the absence of the gentleman
from Maine, [Mr. Knowlton,] who reported
