MS
THE CONGRESSIOK&L &LOBE.
January 7,
Mr. EUSTIS. If the gentleman will allow me
to interrupt Kim, I will inform him that the Lou-
isiana Catholics are Roman Catholics. Every
Catholic is a Roman Catholic. There is but one
denomination—there is but one word known to
that church, and that is Roman Catholic.
Mr. SMITH. Then my opinion is very dis-
tinctly known tothe gentleman from Louisiana.
— • ■ entleman is mistaken. It is
laiHrcre
But perhaps
well known tha^H^re are very great ami leading
differences of opinion as to the Pope *s temporal
power between the various orders of the Roman
Catholic church. I do not think, sir, that the
gentleman from Louisiana, [Mr. Eustis,] or his
friends, ought to consider themselves proscribed
by the eighth article of the American platform.
Here it is:
" VIII. Resistance to the aggressive policy and corrupt-
ing tendencies of the Koxnan Oathoh'c church in our coun-
try by the advancement to all political stations—executive,
legislative, judicial, or diplomatic—of those only who do not
hold civil allegiance, directly or indirectly, to any foreign
JPower, whether civil or ecclesiastical, and who are Ameri-
cans by birth, education and training—thus fulfilling the
maxim, 'Americans shall only govern America.' "
« " The protection of ail citizens in the legal and proper
exercise of their civil and religious rights and privileges;
the maintenance of the right of every man to the full, un-
restrained, and peaceful enjoyment of his own religious
opinions and worship, and a jealous resistance of all at-
tempts by any sect, d&iomination, or church, to obtain an
ascendency over any other in the State, by means of any
special privileges or exemption, by any political combina-
tion of its members, or by a division of their civil allegiance
with any foreign power, potentate, or ecclesiastic."
If the gentleman from Louisiana [Mr. Eustis]
will remember that Americanism is the leading
idea of the party,.he should know that if the §.0-
man Catholics of Louisiana " do not hold civil al-
legiance, directly or indirectly, to any foreign Power,
whether civil or ecclesiastical, and are Americans by
birth, education, and trainingthey can be mem-
bers of the American party.
In this connection I will refer to the question
of my friend from North Carolina [Mr. IIeade]
the other day, which the honorable gentleman
from Georgia [Mr. Stephens] declined to an-
swer, intimating that it would lead to a religious
controversy. I make that distinction now. I
ask the honorable gentleman from Georgia, or
any gentleman who may please to answer  
Mr. KELLY. Let me ask the gentleman a
question. I desire to know if the gentleman
from Alabama will say here in his place, that he
has ever known a Catholic, native-born or a for-
eigner, -Svho has become a naturalized citizen, who
was opposed to the institutions of this country?
Mr. SMITH. I will not say that I have. I
have had but very littje intercourse with the Cath-
olics# I live in a portion of country where there
are very few Roman Catholics; but, sip, I argue
from their antecedents: what they have done in
the past they will do in the future, if ever they
get the power. Why, sir, during the Reign of
Terror in France—the bloody days of the Jaco-
bins—were there not Roman Catholic priests
who joined themselves to the Jacobins—who re-
nounced their religion, and, strippuig off their
robes, kneeled before the Jacobin altars and
swore " there was no other God but reason?"
Mr. KELLY. And let mo ask the gentleman
from Alabama if there were not clergymen of
Protestant denominations who did precisely the
same thing;?
Mr. SMITH. I hope some of thesegentlemen
who have so many questions to ask will, at a
proper time, take the opportunity to furnish to
me and to the House one single instance in which
the Roman Catholic clergy, in a controversy be-
tween the king and people, have been found on
the side of the people?
Mr. FLORENCE. I will give the gentleman
an instance now. Did not Father Murphy head
the Rebels, as they were called, against the forces
of the King, and did he not preach eloquently,
and fight biavely, in favor of Irish freedom? The
battle of Vinegar Hill stands out in bold relief in
English history, and attests that the gentleman's
remarks are liable to strong exception—that he
was a little confused in his historical knowledge.
[Great laughter.]
[Here the hammer fell, the ten minutes to which
Mr. .Smith was entitled having expired.]
[Loud cries of "Goon!" "~Go on !"]
The CLERK. The gsntleman will proceed if
no objection be made.
There was ffo objection, and
Mr. SMITH continued: I am very much in-
clined to think my friend from Pennsylvania docs
not distinctly remember the nature of the contro-
versy in which Father Murphy was engaged.
_ Mr. FLORENCE. Yes, sir, I recollect dis-
tinctly.
Mr. SMITH. My recollection of the occasion
(if I have any) to which the gentleman from
Pennsylvania alludes, is that it was & spiritual—at
least it was a vinegar war. That controversy
gave the name to the locality where it occurred.
The greatquestionat issue, I think, was whether
Hannibal, in crossing the Alps, had actually
climbed the mountains or had dissolved them with
vinegar. [Laughter.] I hope, however, the gen-
tleman from Pennsylvania will prosecute his re-
searches into history further, and, at some future
time, be able to give me some instance where, in
a controversy such as I have cited, the Catholic
clersni were found arrayed on the side of the
people.
Mr. FLORENCE. The gentleman asked for
a single instance, and I thought I would give him
one.
Mr. BOYCE. Will the gentleman yield to me
for a moment?
Mr. SMITH. No, sir, excuse me. I cannot
yield further, with all respect to my honorable
friend from South Carolina. , '
When I was interrupted some minutes ago by
the numerous questions which have been showered
upon me, I was going to propound a question
similar to the one asked some days ago by my
friend from North Carolina, [Mr. Reade,] to
which I have yet heard 110 response. Suppose
a man were to come" into your neighborhood, and
professed to be a school teacher; suppose he ap-
plied to you for a place in your academy, either
to lead or teach; suppose he professed a religion
—that he belonged to a church the cardinal policy
of which was to destroy the very fouriiation of
the Protestant religion; suppose you knew that
his master required of him to burn Protestant
cateckisms—the question is, would such a man
bo the proper teacher for your children? Yet,
will any man pretend to deny that it has been
the practice of the Roman Catholic clergy to
burn Protestant books ?
A Member. No. I deny it.
Mr. SMITH. Then the gentleman denies the
current history of the day—so far as the public
press is concerned; and he denies the recorded
history of the Roman Catholic policy for ages—
from the days of Luther to this hour. Docs not
the gentleman know that the Catholic priests bum
Protestant Bibles ?
Several Members. No! no!
Mr. SMITH. History will attest how often
this has been done.
Mr. EUSTIS. I will tell the gentleman.
Mr. SMITH. I am not talking about the
Catholics of Louisiana. [Laughter.] Do not
the Roman Catholics make war upon the Protest-
ant Bible ? Do they allow their-followers to read
it? Have not they a Bible of their own peculiar
translation? Do you forget thatthey wage afear-
ful war against all Bible societies ? In the presi-
dential election, when Mr. Frelinghuysen was a
candidate for Vite President with Mr. Clay, the
Catholic Whigs refused to vote the ticket, because
Mr. Frelinghuysen was the president of the
American Bible Society ?
Mr. EUSTIS. The gentleman speaks about
burning books, and especially about the burn-
ing of Bibles. He goes a little further back into
history than I am willing to do. But I will ask
him one question. I will ask the honorable gen-
tleman whether it lias ever occurred to him, or
whether he has in his reading of history ever
heard of Catholics being burned with or without
their books? [Laughter.]
Mr. SMITH. Before that had happened, there
had been many Protestants burned by Catholics.
If the gentleman wants to meet me m an argu-
ment with regard to proscription, very well; I
shall always be prepared for him. fie ought
to know that the Roman Catholic church has
always been one of proscription. That man
who raised his voice for the freedom of religious
opinion from the earliest, ages of the power of
the Church, was a marked man. " To the stake j
with him!" was the fearful cry—" To the Inqui- j
sition!" How can the honorable gentleman dare !
to talk about the burning of Catholics by Protest- !.
ants, with the history of the terrible massacres
of Protestants by Catholics staring him in the
face? I will not now enumerate these dreadful
scenes; but I have no doubt that five hundred
Protestants have been destroyed by the Roman
church for every Catholic that has fallen by the
Protestants.
Sir, the feeling of the American party in ref-
erence to the Catholic question, as I understand
it, resolves itself into the position taken by the
gentleman fromNew York, [Mr. Whitney.] It"
is not religious proscription; it is a political priv-
ilege—a political privilege which we, as a parly,
and which I, as an individual, claim. I have
the right to say that I will not vote for any man
whether on account of his religion or his politics.
And here is another question: Many gentle-
men seem to pride themselves in the suggestion
that this is a violation of the Constitution; that
the Constitution requires that " no religious test
shall ever be made as a qualification for office."
I ask any man to answer me whether any private
citizen, with his mere vote, can, byany possi-
bility, violate the Constitution? I lay down the
broad principle that a private individual, by liia
vote, cannot violate the Constitution in any pos-
sible contingency. Then, why is it a violation
of the Constitution, when I say that I will not
vote for a man, whether it be 011 account of his
religion or anything else? Here is the true posi-
tion. I have a right to vote for any man I please
for office, whether the Constitution says that he
is or is not eligible. The Constitution lays down
the qualifications for office, but does not direct
my vote. I can vote, if I please, for an Irishman
for President; I do not violate the Constitution;
but if the Irish-born citizen should take the office,
he would violate the Constitution.
Allow me to say, in connection with these re-
marks, Mr. Clerk, that I am not the man to pro-
scribe another for his religious opinions. I have
known many Roman Catholics. I have friends
among Roman Catholics; and I will say with
great pleasure that some of the best and purest
men and women I have ever known belonged to
the Cathohc church. As a member of the Amer- '
ican party, I do not desire to proscribe any man
for his religions opinions; but, sir, from the found- 4
ation of the Roman Catholic church up to this
day, it has, at all times, been arrayed on the side
of power, and never on the side of the people-
always for the tyrant, and never for liberty. At
some other time, I intend, so far as I am individ-
ually concerned, to set myself right on every
position of the National American party; and I
do trust that, notwithstanding this controversy—
this apparent division in the ranks of the Ameri-
can party—we will be enabled to rally our forces,
and meet our legitimate enemies with a solid front
and an undaunted prowess.
Mr. BENNETT, of Mississippi, (interrupt-
ing.) Does the gentleman from Pennsylvania
[Mr. Fuller] coincide with the gentleman from
Alabama in the remarks which lie has just ex-
pressed ?
Mr. SMITH. The opinion of the gentleman
from Pennsylvania on the subject is none of my
business. I have not inquired into it. If he
thinks differently on that subject, it would not
weigh afcathcrwith me,so far'ashe isconcerned
Allow me, sir, to say, in this connection, that
the Roman Catholic branch of the doctrines of the
American party is merely collateral. We do not
wish to battle on that subject alone. We present
to the country great principles, independent of
that one. So far as I am concerned as an indi-
vidual, I will take that one, too, without feeling
it to be very burdensome. I vote for Mr. Henry
M. Fuller.
Mr. TAYLOR (when his name was called)
rose and said: Mr. Clerk, with the indulgence
of the House, I will notice one remark made in
reply to my colleague, [Mr. Eustis.] The gen-
tleman from Alabama [Mr. Smith] stated, that
since the world began, the Ctuholic clcrgy
never yet was found arrayed on the side of free-
dom. The gentleman has forgotten history. I
hold in my hand the history of the French revo-
lution, and that, Mr. Clerk, is the first event in
which there was a contest between the people
and the regal power where the clergy took a part.
In the history of the French revolution, it will be
found that when the States-General were assem-
bled with a view to attempt to remedy the dread-
