1768
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 25,
this bill, I can perhaps give the gentleman from
Tennessee the information he desires. I think
it likely, however, if the gentleman will hear the
report read, it will satisfy him. This claimant
has received a partial settlement of his accounts,
and the bill which has been read provides that
whatever he has been paid by the Secretary of
the Treasury shall be deducted from the amount
found due him. He performed the duties under
a letter of instructions from the Secretary of the
Treasury, stipulating that the compensation
should be a certain amount per day; and it gave
him a certain additional amount for mileage.
Now, of course, if the services have not been
performed according to the schedule of distances
contained in his instructions, he will get nothing
from the Auditor. If he has performed the ser-
vices, then this bill provides, that he shall be
paid for them. I hope the gentleman from Ten-
nessee will withdraw his objection.
Mr. KNOWLTON. I appeal to the gentle-
man from Tennessee to withdraw his objection.
Mr. JONES. Objection to what? I did not
object. I merely inquired whether this person
had not been employed and paid. I made no
objection to the claim.
The Clerk proceeded to read the report.
Mr. LAKE, (interrupting.) Objection being
withdrawn in this case, it is not necessary to
have the report read. I move that the bill be laid
aside to be reported.
Mr. JONES. I ask for the reading of the
report.
The report was read.
The bill was then laid aside to be reported to
the House.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. I hope I will be per-
mitted to withdraw the objection which I made
to the resolution for the benefit of Mr. Cooper.
I have since been informed that it is a merito-
rious case, and I desire to withdraw my objec-
tion.
Mr. STANTON. I renew the objection.
A bill (II. R. No. 338) for the relief of John
Nash.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio. I propose that
the committee do nowrise, in order that we may
have an evening session.
Mr. MILLSON. I hope the gentleman from
Ohio will withdraw his proposition.
Mr. CAMPBELL. 1 withdraw it for a few
minutes.
Mr. WASIIBURNE, of Illinois. If the
committee desire not to proceed any further with
the calling of the Calendar, I hope it will go back
to those bills where gentlemen who objected de-
sire to withdraw objections.
Mr. PHELPS. I hope no motion to rise will
be listened to until we have disposed of the pri-
vate bills.
Mr. PENNINGTON. I objected some time
since to House bill No. 325, for the relief of Isaac
Adams. I ask the consent of the committee to
withdraw my objection, which was inadvertently
made, as this is a meritorious case.
Mr. COBB, of Alabama. I object, unless I be
allowed to withdraw my objection to another bill.
The CHAIRMAN. Several members state
that they inadvertently made objections, and de-
sire to withdraw them. Is consent given?
-Mr. STANTON. We want to hear what the
bills are.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair will state the
bills.
Mr. MILLSON. I insist that the case of John
Nash, already called by the Clerk, be disposed of
first.
Mr. PENNINGTON. I will say to the gen-
tleman from Virginia [Mr. Millson] that, as he
objects to the proposition, I will object to his bill.
Mr. MILLSON. I have not objected to the
proposition of the gentleman from New Jersey.
If he chooses to make an objection to this bill he
may do so.
&Ir. READY. I move that the committee do
now rise.
Mr. WAKEMAN. Before the division' be
had, I desire to make a suggestion to the com-
mittee. This is the last day, in all probability,
that we shall have as objection day during the
present session. There are many bills on the Cal-
endar which ought to be passed, and to which no
objection will be made. I hope, therefore, that
the committee will rise, with a view of taking a
recess until seven o'clock this evening, and of
going on with the Calendar. [Cries of " No,
no!"]
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia, demanded tellers on
the motion to rise.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Sapp and
Stranahaar were appointed.
The question was taken; and the tellers re-
ported—ayes 31, noes 89.
So the motion was not agreed to.
A bill (H. R. No. 338) for the relief of John
Nash.
The bill directs the Secretary of the Treasury
to pay to John Nash, owner of the schooner L.
J. Bowdcn, $100, the same being one moiety of
the penalty collected of the master of the said
vessel by the collector of the port of Fredericks-
burg, in the year 1853, for a breach of the reve-
nue laws, it having been made to appear that the
said penalty was incurred without any design to
violate the law.
The bill was laid aside to be reported to the
House.
An act (S. No. 149) to authorize the entry of
certain lands in the State of Iowa,by Mrs. Caro-
line Newington.
The bill authorizes Mrs. Caroline Newington
to enter, at the proper land office in the State of
Iowa, the east half of section seven and the west
half of section eight, in township ninety-six north
of range nine west, situated in the State of Iowa,
upon payment to the receiver of the proper land
office §1 25 per acre: provided, that said entry
shall be made within six months after the passage
of this act.
The bill was laid aside to be reported to the
House.
Mr. SAVAGE. I move that the committee
rise.
The motion was not agreed to.
A bill (H. R. No. 20) for the relief of Robert
Mitchell.
Mr. McMULLIN. I must object to that bill
unless there is a report.
Mr DOWDELL. The petitioner states the
facts of the case in his memorial. To save time,
however, if the committee will allow me, 1 will
make a very short statement, and I am sure there
will be no objection. The bill refers to a tract of
land which was an Indian reservation, and which
was transferred to a purchaser for a valuable con-
sideration. The purchaser went on and improved
his land, but it has since been found that the pur-
chaser entered a few acres more than the reserv-
ation. The objcct of the bill is to enable him to
buy this additional land of the Government at
$1 ,95 per aeie.
The bill was laid aside to be reported to the
House.
Mr. PENNINGTON. If there be no objec-
tion, I will now withdraw the objection I made
to the bill for the relief of Isaac Adams.
Mr. BRENTON. I object; and 1 do so for the
reason that 1 am opposed to all extension ofpdt-
°nA bill (H. R. No. 340) for the relief of the legal
representativesof Joseph Nourse, deceased. [Ob-
jected to by Mr. Chaffee.]
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I would be glad to
withdraw my objection to the bill for the relief of
the widow of the late Commodore David Porter.
Mr. LETCHER. I object to going back.
A bill (H. R. No. 341) for the relief of the
heirs of Wadleigh Noyes, deceased. The bill
directs the Secretary of the Treasury to pay, out
of any money in the Treasury not otherwise
appropriated, to the legal representatives of Wad-
leigh Noyes, a lieutenant in the army of the
Revolution, who was slain at the capture of Bur-
goyne's army, the seven years' half pay to which
his widow and heirs were entitled by a resolve of
Congress, passed August 24, 1780.
Mr. RITCHIE. The Committee on Revolu-
tionary Claims adopt the report made at the sec-
ond session of the Thirtieth Congress. All the
facts are proved, and I think the bill ought to be
laid aside.
The bill was laid aside to be reported to the
House.
A bill (H. R. No. 342) to allow the legal rep-
resentatives of Samuel Jones, of the eleventh
Virginia regiment on continental establishment,
five years'full pay as a captain of infantry, in
lieu of half pay for life.
Mr. McCARTY. Has there not been a gen-
eral bill reported, that would cover this case ?
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. There has been;
but it has not been acted on.
Mr. MrCARTY. I object to this bill.
Mr. BRENTON. I objected a while ago to
the bill (H. R. No. 325) for the relief of Isaac
Adams. I wish to withdraw my objection.
Mr. RUST. You cannot go back upon the
Calendar.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio. As objection is
renewed, I move that the committee do now rise.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I merely wish to
say tha\ if the committee continues in session,it
will soon find itself without a quorum; then we
cannot report the bills that have been laid aside
to the House.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I think we had better rise
in order to save the bills which have already
been acted on.
Mr. Campbell's motion was agreed to.
So the committee rose; and the Speaker having
resumed the chair, Mr. Washburn, of Maine,
reported that the Committee of the Whole House
had had the Private Calendar under consideration,
and had directed him to report back sundry bills,
some with and some without amendments, with
a recommendation that they do pass.
The House then took up the following Senate
'bills and resolution, reported from the Committee
of the Whole House without amendment, ordered
them to be severally read a third time, and they
were accordingly read the third time, and passed:
An act for the relief of Elizabeth V. Lomax,
only surviving child of Captain William Lind-~
say, of the Revolution;
An act for the relief of the heirs of Samuel
Scott;
An act for the relief of the legal representatives
of Zadock Thompson, of Vermont;
An agflfc-for the relief of Levi Robinson;
An act for the relief of the owners and shares-
men of the fishing schooners Wanderer, Mary,
Olive Branch, Two Brothers, and Brothers;
An act to authorize the entry of certain lands
in the State of Iowa, by Mrs. Caroline New-
ington; and
A resolution for the relief of John Y. Laub,
a clerk in the office of the First Comptroller of
the Treasury.
The following House bills and resolutions, re-
ported from the Committee of the Whole House
without amendment, were then taken up, ordered
to be engrossed and read a third time; and being
engrossed, were severally read the third time,
and passed:
A bill for the relief of John Poe, of Louisville,
Kentucky;
A bill for the relief of John Otis;
A bill for the relief of William Jones;
A bill for the relief of William B. Cozzens;
A bill for the relief of Henry L. Robinson;
A bill directing a settlement of the account of
David Gordon;
A bill for the relief of Edmund Mitchell;
A bili for the relief of John Nash;
A bill for the relief of Robert Mitchell;
A bill for the relief of the heirs of Wadleigh
Noyes, deceased; and
A resolution to pay John Lee the sum of three
hundred and ninety dollars", out of the contingent
fund, in full compensation for five horses killed
while in the service of the House of Represent-
atives.
The House then proceeded to consider a bill
(S. No. 75) for the relief of the widows and
orphans of the officers, seamen, and marines, of
the United States sloop-of-war Albany, and for
other purposes, reported from the Committee of
the Whole House with sundry amendments.
The several amendments were agreed to; and
the bill, as amended, was then ordered to a third
reading, and was accordingly read the third time,
and passed.
WITHDRAWAL AND REFERENCE OF PAPERS.
On motion of Mr. HAVEN, it was
Otdered, That the papers in the several cases of Joshua
Jewett and Ephraim F. Gilbert he withdrawn from the files
of the House, and that the same be referred to the Court
of Claims.
THE COURT OF CLAIMS.
Mr. GIDDINGS. I now ask the unanimous
consent of the House to discharge the Committee
