894
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 14,
were received from the President of the United
States, by Mr. Abbott, a clerk in the State De-
partment.
Mr. YULEE. I ask to have a message which
has been received from the President, in reply to
a resolution some time since on my motion, sub-
mitted and printed.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore laid before the
Senate a message from the President of the Uni-
ted States, transmitting a report from the Secre-
tary of "War, in answer to the resolution of the
7th instant, in reference to the steps taken in
execution of the law appropriating money for
the building of an armory in the District of Co-
lumbia.
Mr. YULEE. I move that the message and
accompanying papers be printed, except that por-
tion of them containing the specifications of the
building, to be erected, as they will be unneces-
sary to an understanding of the question, and
will delay the printing.
The motion was agreed to.
colonial history.
Mr. CLAYTON. Mr. President, the Com-
mittee on Foreign Relations have received a com-
munication from the Secretary of State, transmit-
ting a copy of a letter of H. G. Somerby, Esq.,
suggesting the importance of having copied, under
the direction of this Government, the manuscript
documents relating toour country's history,now
in the State Paper Office in London. Mr. Som-
erby states that there are upwards of two thou-
sand folio volumes of manuscripts in the archives
of the British Government, containing original,
yet almost unavailable, materials in the history
of the founding and progress of the original States
of the Union, illustrating almost every possible
interest, public and private, during our depend-
ency on the mother country; that they show the
origin, character, and position of the individual
colonists; the physical, moral, and religious his-
tory of the founders of the nation, the men who
determined its character* and whose history is that
of the nation; the periods and amount of emigra-
tion; the products of the country; the course and
changes of trade; the amount and increase of nav-
igation from time to time; the revenue laws and
their operation; that they throw light on the his-
tory of the Aborigines, and the mutual relations of
the Indians and "the colonists; that they contain
copies,and in many instances the original records,
•of the legislative assemblies of the colonies, occa-
sionally ^applying a hiatus in our own rccords,
the private and official correspondence of the
royal governors and subordinate officers of the
crown; the reports and m-gesfce of cases appealed
from the colonies to the higher judicial tribunal
at home; these often involved the titles and bound-
aries of large tracts of territory, occasionally of
towns, counties, or even colonies; original charts
and surveys; that though these documents per-
tain to the English Government, they historically
belong especially to our own country and Gov-
ernment; and historical justice and good faith to
ourselves manifestly require that copies of them
should be preserved at the seat of the National
Government, where the statistician, the historian,
and the general student, may consult them at the
smallest possible expense of time and money;
that of a large proportion of these papers, there
arc no duplicates, and the originals are constantly
exposed to loss and destruction by accident and
decay; and this is suggested as a sufficient reason
for the prompt and efficient action of the Govern-
ment.
Accompanying this communication are letters
from Henry Barnard, President of the Connecti-
cut Historical Society; of S. F. Streeter, Secre-
tary of the Maryland Historical Society; and of
Robert C. Wmthrop, late a distinguished mem-
ber of this body, and now I believe President of
the Historical Society of Massachusetts; and
from other gentlemen of distinction, recommend-
ing strongly the suggestion of Mr. Somerby.
it may be recollected that on the 26th of Janu-
ary, 1654, Mr. Everett, then a member of the
Senate, presented a memorial of the Massachu-
setts Historical Society, praying that an appro-
priation be made to defray the expense of pro-
curing from thearchives of the British Government
and especially from the State Paper Office in Lon-
don, copies of documents, records, and corre-
spondence, pertaining to the early history of the
colonies and of the United States. The memorial
was then referred to the Committee on the Library;
but no action was taken by the Senate in the
matter during that session.
Concurring as I do in the views expressed by
the Historical Society of Massachusetts, I move,
by authority of the Committee on Foreign Rela-
tions, that this memorial be withdrawn from the
files of the Senate, and again referred to the Com-
mittee on the Library; and that the communica-
tion from the Secretary of State, with the accom-
panying correspondence, be also referred to the
same committee.
The motion was agreed to.
french spoliation claims.
Mr. CLAYTON submitted the followingreso-
lution for consideration: f
Resolved, That the Secretary of State be directed to lay
before the Senate theotiginai journal of proceedings of the
Board of American Uommisbioneisat Pans to liquidate and
audit the claims of Amuucan citizens against the French
Government, bomg for debts due to them, and for the satis-
faction of which provision was made by the convention
between the United States and Franco of April 30,1803.
Also, to lay before the Senate a copy from ^aid journal of
the adjudications of said claims therein recorded under the
respective titles, an alphabetical index to the ccrtifictaes of
admittance, and an alphabetical index to the certificates of
rejection; and a copy from said journal of the proceedings
of the boaid as iccoided on the first day of DecembQr,1804,
being the day on winch the comniiBbJon of the board term-
inated.
On motion, the Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Monday, April 14,1856.
The House met at twelve o'clock, m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. Daniel Waldo.
The Journal of Friday was read and approved.
order of business.
The SPEAKER stated that the first business
in order was the consideration of the motion of
Mr. Dunn to suspend the rules to enable him to
submit a motion to make the bill (H. R. No.
157) to enable certain States to improve the Ohio
river the special order for the second Tuesday
of June, and from day to day thereafter until dis-
posed of.
Mr. WALKER. I see that the gentleman
from Indiana is not in his place, and I suggest
that the motion made by him be laid over until
next Monday.
Mr. COX. I hope the House will dispose of
the motion this morning.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I hope the
rules will not be suspended.
Mr. COX. I hope they will be.
Mr. WALKER. Is it now in order to make
a motion to suspend the rules?
The SPEAKER. The motion of the gentle-
man from Indiana is pending, and until that is
disposed of another motion to suspend the rules
will not be in ord^r.
Mr. WALKER. I suppose that motion can
be postponed?
The SPEAKER. It can be postponed as here-
tofore, by unanimous consent, or by an order of
the House.
Mr. WALKER. I desire to move to suspend
the rules for a different purpose.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I understand that
the gentleman from Indiana who made the pend-
ing motion has left the city for his home in very
bad health; and I think it would be well for the
House to decide the question now. If they de-
cide it in the negative, he can again submit the
motion after his return. It will take but a mo-
ment to dispose of it.
Mr. RITCHIE. I am on the select commit-
tee from which that bill was reported, and I
know that the chairman of that committee de-
sires to be heard upon the motion. He has gone
home, but will be back in the course of three or
four weeks, and I hope the motion will bo laid
over until his return.
Mr. COX. I am a member of that committee,
but I was not acquainted with the facts which
have been stated by the gentleman from Penn-
sylvania.
Mr. RITCHIE. I move that the motion be
laid over until the return of Mr. Dunn.
The motion was agreed to.
executive communications.
The SPEAKER, by unanimous consent, laid
before the House the following executive com-
munications; which were read and disposed of
as indicated below:
A letter from the Secretary of the Treasury
relative to the insufficiency of the appropriation
to provide accommodations for sick and disabled
seamen at Cincinnati, Ohio, stating that a site
has been purchased, and recommending an ap-
propriation of $86,000 for the erection of a build-
ing. Referred to the Committee of Ways and
Means, and ordered to be printed.
A communication from the Secretary of the
Treasury, transmitting a communication from
the President of the Louisville and Portland Canal
Company, concerning the estimates of costs of
repairs upon said canal.- Referred to the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means, and oidered to be
printed.
A letter from the Secretary of the Treasury
asking for two additional clerks for the Second
Auditor's office. Referred to the Committee of
Ways and Means, and ordered to be printed.
A communication from the Post Office Depart-
ment, transmitting estimates for that Department.
Referred to the Committee of Ways and Means,
and ordered to be printed.
william m. f. magraw.
Mr. WALKER. I move that the Committee
of the Whole House be discharged from the
further consideration of House bill (No. 186) for
the relief of William M. F. Magraw, contractor
for carrying the mails on route No. 8911, from
Independence, Missouri, to Salt Lake, in Utah
Territory, in order that the same may be re-
ported and put upon its passage. I will state,
for the information of the House, the reason
which induces me to make the motion at this
time. The bill provides for the annulment on the
18th of August next of the contract entered into
by Mr. Magraw, and also provides for authoriz-
ing the Postmaster General to advertise for letting
the contract. The time is rapidly approaching;
and I am informed that, unless Congress act
speedily on this bill, the Post.Office Department
will not have time to publish the necessary ad-
vertisement, so as to insure the proper letting of
the contract for the future. For this reason I feel
warranted in asking the House to suspend its
rules, so as to have the billput uponits passage.
Mr. McCARTY. Is not that the bill making
an appropriation of §36,000 for extra allowance ?
Mr. WALKER, it is the bill introduced in
this House, referred to the Committee on the Post
Office and Post Roads, and by them examined
and reported to this House.
Mr. McCARTY. I observe by the report of
the committee that no answer has been returned
by the Postmaster General to the memorial of the
petitioner in this case; but I should like to see an
answer before being called on to vote on this bill.
Mr. WALKER. The Postmaster General has
not returned an answer 
The SPEAKER, (interrupting.) Debate is
hardly in order on amotion to suspend the rules.
Mr. McCARTY. I object to the suspension
of the rules.
The SPEAKER. The question will be decided
by a vote of the House.
Mr, McCARTY. I call for the yeas and nays
on it.
Mr. WALKER. The Postmaster General has
not returned any answer.
Mr. McCARTY. He should have returned an
answer. The bill proposes an extravagant allow-
ance.
Mr. STANTON. I ask to have the bill read.
The bill was read.
Section one enacts that in consideration of
Indian disturbances, and of the consequent in-
creased expenses and difficulties of carrying the
mails along the route (number 8911) from inde-
pendence to Salt Lake, the Postmaster General
is authorized and required to allow and pay to
William M. F. Magraw, contractor for the mail
service aforesaid, $36,000, for the year ending on
the 18th day of August, IdoCi; which said allow-
ance shall be in lieu of the present contract price
for said service, and shall be paid out of the
Treasury.
Section two enacts that the Secretary of the
Treasury be directed to pay out of the Treasury,
to the said William M. F. Magraw §17,750, as
full indemnity for his claim for property stolen
