1856.
THE CONGRESSIONAL :©L©BE.
ful evils under "which France then labored, it was
divided, as in the olden time, into three bodies:
the nobles, the clergy, and the third estate. The
estate was composed of those who belonged to
and represented the people. That composed of
the nobles embraced those who, from birth and
ancient usage, held aristocratic privileges. The
remaining one was constituted of the priesthood,
and in it were assembled the dignitarie of the
church—those who had become assimilated to
and united to the aristocratic class because of the
power and the other temporal advantages which
their station conferred, together with the repre-
sentatives of the great mass of the Catholic clergy,
humbler members of the order—those engaged m
the actual cure of souls. And what spectacle
presented itfeelf at that time ? When these three
bodies were assembled, each in its own house,
the third estate, the representatives of the people,
said: " We will not act unless there is united with
us the members of the other two bodies which
constitute and embody the sovereignty of the
Nation." The nobility resisted the appeal; and
unless one body yielded, and a majority of that
body came to the assistance of the third estate,
popular power would still have been manacled;
it would still have been without a voice. But it
had a voice; the gentleman spoke of the stirring
times when it spoke in tones of thunder. What
gave it its voice? It was the action of that Cath-
olic priesthood. It was the action of those abused,
calumniated Catholic priests. In monarchical
France, in the midst of all the feudal glories, in
the midst of all the temptations held out by the
hopes of attaining to the higher dignities of their
profession, the Catholic priests joined the third
estate, and by their actiongave motion and power
to the popular element, which achieved freedom
for France. And is it that lesson which is taught
by history, and the history of our own day, that
is to be perverted for the purpose of striking down
in their usefulness a class of men who have
* displayed such devotion to the cause of morals,
and by their teachings and example have Raised
up those angels of mercy, who, where the pesti-
lence^Ras stalked abroad in our land, have so
ifunistered to suffering mortals in the midst of
disease and death, that tlicy have won praise and
blessings from an opposing people?
Mr. WALKER. Mr. Clerk, I desire, before
casting my vote, to say a word or two on what
may be regarded as the theological aspect of to-
day's discussion. Iliad not the pleasure of hear-
ing the whole of the eloquent speech of my friend
from Louisiana, [Mr. Eustis.] I came into the
Hall just as he was concluding; and 1 am satis-
fied, sir, from the few words which fell on my
ears, that there is a full and complete coincidence
of opinion between that gentleman and myself.
And I here announce to this House, and the
country, that 1 take issue openly and directly
with my honorable colleague, [Mr. Smith,] who
replied te the speech of the gentleman from Lou-
isiana.
Much has been said about the eighth section
of the Philadelphia platform of the American
party. And what is the meaning of that section?
Its language, I think, is that we entertain hostility
to the aggressive policy and the corrupting tend-
ency of the Roman Catholic church, and that it
is our purpose to manifest that hostility by re-
fusing to elevate any man to office who acknowl-
edges a higher allegiance to another Power than
the one he owes to the Federal Government of
this land. Now, the first question which springs
up in examining this section is this: What did its
framers mean? what object had they in view?
Did they intend the public men of the country to
understand by the terms which they employed
that we are opposed to the aggressive policy and
the corrupting tendencies of the Roman Catholic
church ? I will- give what I conceive to have
been their purpose. They drew, as 1 think, a
distinction between what i will call the govern-
mental polity, or civil government, of that Church
and the tenets of the religious faith of its mem-
bers.
But the language, I say, was unwari anted by
that council. In the first place, they assumed
the existence of facts which certainly have never
fallen under my cognizance. I live in a commu-
nity of which a large number are Catholics; and
I say, as I have said elsewhere, that I have yet
to meet with the first American Catholic who
hesitated for a moment to acknowledge that his
allegiance to our great organic law was paramount
to all,others. And, in discussing this platform,
I have uniformly taken this position, that if the
construction I have placed on that eighth section
was not the true one, that if I was wrong in sup-
posing that the framers of it did not intend to
proscribe men for their religious opinions, then
I contemptuously place that platform under my
feet*^ This thing of proscribing men for then-
religious creed has always shockcd my moral
sense; and I only regret that the men who met
in that grave council, that the men who, so to
speak, sought to place swaddling clothes around
the great infant of the American party, went so
far as to have almost strangled it in its birth—
that they soiled its earliest robes with the religious
proscription. And I say this, sir, that however
much I may be attached to what I conceive to
bo the great fundamental principles of the Ameri-
can organization, if I believed that this idea of
proscription was to be embodied in its future
policy, I would this moment cut myself aloof
from it.
But what is the great fundamental principle of
this party? 1 will tell you what it is. It is, sir,
the recognition of what I believe to be the true
idea of citizenship. We believe that citizenship
is not merely evidenced by a constant and habitual
observance of our laws, by a cheerful payment
of our taxes, by a ready obedience to the Con-
stitution of this land, by a regard to the rights
of others and a strict maintenance of our own;
but that the true source of this great idea of citi-
zenship goes down far deeper than ®that—that it
is to be found in what f term the native and
traditional sentiment, upon which we believe the
permanence of our institutions alone depends.
It is the existence of this national and traditional
sentiment that distinguishes the native-born from
the alien-born citizen.
Now, my eloquent and distinguished friend
from Carolina, [Mr. Keitt,] in aiscussing this
thing of suffrage, said that it was a conventional
right. Why, will he argue that this right of
suffrage is not the mere growth and result of
legislation, and that it belongs to the catalogue
of inalienable rights enumerated in our Declara-
tion of Independence? Such as " the right to life,
liberty, and the pursuit of happiness." It is the
result of legislation, and being the gift of the
legislative power, what is it ? Why, it is liable
to be limited, to be enlarged, or to be taken away;
and this I believe to be the great purpose of the
American party. We believe that the time has
come, that a crisis has arrived m the history of
our country, demanding a change in the mode
of giving access to the polls on the part of alien-
born citizens; and they start upon the assumption
that the principle of which 1 am speaking is a
true one—that suffiage is not an inalienable right;
that it belongs to the legislative power, and is to
be controlled by it; and. that it can be abridged,
enlarged, or taken away. This is the intention
and purpose, I conceive, of the great American
party of this country.
But, sir, I rose merely to disclaim anything like
an adoption or indorsement of what is known as the
anti-Catholic feature of the orders I repeat what
I stud before, that I stand here as a native-born
citizen, bom of Protestant parents, brought up in
the Protestant faith, and knowing and intending
to maintain the rights that belong to me as an in-
dividual citizen; but I am at all times prepared to
frown down, ay, and fight against any attempt,
whether made by my own party or by the party
of others, to invade the same rights appertaining
to all men m this land, 1 care not to what church
they may belong.
1 have said thus much because personal ex-
planations seem to be the order of the day; be-
cause 1 coincide in the sentiments expressed by
the gentleman from Louisiana, [Mr. Eustis:] and
because, inasmuch as opposite sentiments had
been expressed by one of my colleagues, I was
unwilling that the presumption should be enter-
tained that the State which I have the honor in
part to represent is committed to this thing of reli-
gious proscription. Sir, the whole matter is ab-
horrent to my very nature. I vote for Mr. Fuller.
The result of the vote was then announced, as
given above.
Mr.WRIGHT, of Tennessee. I move that
the House do now adjourn.
Mr. SMITH, of Tennessee. I rise to a privi-
leged question. • " 1
Mr. W"RIGHT. I will withdrawmy motion.
Mr. SMITH. I move that when the House
adjourns it adjourn to meet on Wednesday ftext,
because to-morrow is the _ 8th of January, die
anniversary of the battle of New Orleaus.
Mr. BARCLAY. I move to amend themotion,
so as to provide for «si adjournment until the firsfc
Monday in June. • [Cries of 'HNot in ord^r
Mr. FLORENCE. There is to be a conven-
tion of old soldiers in'this city to-morrow, and if
we vacate the hall, it would perhaps be onlya
proper courtesy to extend to that convention, to
offer them the use of this Hall to-morrow. I would
suggest that to the gentlema-n from Tennessee, as
an amendment to Ins motion.
Mr. SMITH. _ That ought to come up as an
original proposition. My motion is only for an
adjournment until Wednesday, because to-mor-
row is the 8th of January.
_ Mr. FLORENCE. I think the gentleman is
right. I will offer it as an independent proposi-
tion, if his motion should prevail.
Mr. MORGAN. I demand the yeas and nays
on the motion of the gentleman from Tennessee.
Mr. HUMPHREY MARSHALL. I trust
that the proposition will prevail.
Mr. STANTON. I call the gentleman to order.
I suppose the motion is not debatable; if it is
debatable on one side, it is on the other.'
The CLERK. The Clerk thinks it is debatable
under the parliamentary law.
Mr. MARSHALL. To-morrow is a day con-
secrated in the feelings of the American people
in consideration of a great event. But apart from
that, we need not conceal from ourselves the fact
that our friends over the way have duties to per-
foi m elsewhere than in the publiccouncils. I have
no doubt at all that they want to celcbrate the day,
because they appropriate it almost exclusively
to themselves in view of the event that it com-
memorates. Now, wc have got along in very
good humor up to this point of time; we have
passed through the holidays, and have given an
adjournment upon the other days that were na-
tional holidays; and I hope that there will be
enough liberality upon our side of the House to
give those gentlemen opposite a chance to-morrow.
[Laughter.]
Mr. STANTON. 1 think we can get along
very well without them to-morrow.
JVIr. MARSHALL. Now, the American day
is the 4th of July, but we shall probably have
occasion to be elsewhere on the 22d of February;
and 1 have not a doubt that the Democratic siSe
of the House will give us a chance to go and fix
this much-mooted platform. I hope that the
motion will prevail. I will give it my vote with
cordial pleasure.
The yeas and nays were then ordered.
The call of the roll was then commenced, and
Mr. Aiken answered to his name.
Mr. McMTJLLIN. Did not the gentleman
from Pennsylvania [Mr. Florence] offer an
amendment to lend the use of the Hall for to-
morrow to the convention of the soldiers of the
war of 1812 ?
Mr. FLORENCE. No; it is not conncctcd
with this. This is a simple motion to adjourn
over. I withdraw the amendment, as the gentle-
man from Tennessee did not, very properly, ac-
cept it.
Mr. McMITLLIN. I was pleased to hear the
proposition of the gentleman from Pennsylvania
to £>ivo up this war to our brethren of the war of
181:3. (Cries of "Order!'']
The CLERK. Objection being made, the gen-
tleman is out of order.
Mr. MeMULLlN. W^U,! shall submit such
a motion, if the House determines to adjourn
over.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. Well, I hope the
Hall will be devoted to no purpose but the legiti-
mate business of Congress. Next thing, you
will have an Abolition meeting in this Hall.
[Much laughter.] *
The question was then taken, and it was de-
cided in the negative—yeas 101, nays 107; as
follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Alien, Allison, Ball, Bell, Bowie,
Boycp. Branch, CadwnSader, John P. Campbell, Lewis D.
Campbell, Caiuthor*, Caskie, Bayard Claik, Chummm,
Howell Cohb, Williamson R. W. Cobb, Coy, Craigo, David-
son, Henry Winter Davis, Denver, Dowdell, Dunn, Ed-
