1856.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
159
34th Cong.... 1st Sess.
Kansas Contested Election—Mr. Smith, of Alabama.
Ho. of Reps.
sas want him to represent them, they are the
strangest people on the face of the earth. If he
does not mistake their character, and still aspires
to the honor of representing them, I advise him
to go back next year and tell them that they are
scamps, ragamuffins, law-breakers, refusing to
acknowledge courts or the power of courts—
"trespassers, murderers, and robbers." If he
will do this, and he is not deceived in them in his
statement to the Committee of Elections, I think
he may safely calculate to represent them next
time.
EXPENSE OF THE INVESTIGATION.
The next, and certainly not the least important
point in this case, is the probable expense. On
this question of cost, the committee, in their ar-
gument, have made a most unfortunate and im-
politic allusion; unfortunate, because it supplies
roe with an argument.; impolitic, because it dis-
plays the secret current of agitation which sweeps
away with resistless power, under a smooth sur-
face, judgment, taste, and liberality. The com-
mittee says:
" The expense of the proceeding should- certainly be
looked to, bat Hot to the exclusion of all other and higher
con.-ideratious. Those charged with the administration of
the Government have not been in the habit of estimating
cost so closely as it seems to be calculated in this case. It
has mot been long since some thirty thousand dollars of the
national treasure icere expended /or the purpose of reclaiming
a single fuzilire from service. This was done in a contro-
versy about property, and the amount of that property insig-
nificant. This reference is not made for the purpose of
casting censure upon executive action, but simply to show
that, in sustaining the law, the expense to be incurred is
measured by the dignity of the law itself, and not by indi-
vidual rights which may be affected by the proceeding."
The §30,000 referred to here was an incidental
expense, incurred in upholding a law of Congress.
The expense was not created by the Government
at the time of the expenditure. The necessity
existed in the power of the Executive, as incidental
"to the exigency—an exigency brought about by
a lawless assemblage of puritanical fanatics, bent
upon resisting the law. This proposition of the
committee creates the necessity of expense. Hence, '
there is no logic in the reference, so far as it is
intended as an argument in favor of this new
expense. But there is a deeper logic in this ref-
erence than was supposed by the committee—in
this: the $30,000 was expended in beating back
the violators of a sacred law. This new expense
is to be incurred to uphold " the great mass of the
citizens of Kansas"—who, as Governor Reeder ;
says, " refuse to acknowledge as binding" the laws
of the Territory of Kansas, or to recognize the
officers appointed under the territorial laws. Here
are the words of Governor Reeder:
" The justices of the peace appointed under the act of
Congress have gone out of office, by expiration of their com-
missions. Those who are to succeed them, by the territorial
laws, are to be appointed by the boards of county commission-
er* ; and their appointments, as well as the laws under which
they were created, the great mass of the people of the Terri-
tory refuse lo acknowledge as binding, and would not volun-
tarily recognize the authority of such, a justice."
Here Governor Reeder represents the great
mass of the people of Kansas in open rebellion
against the laws of the Territory. In their behalf
be speaks; in their behalf the committee speaks.
So we see, sir, that the mob in Boston created
the necessity of spending the $30,000, by oppos-
ing the execution of a law of the United States;
and the same class of persons in Kansas who
oppose the execution of the law there are the per-
sons for whose benefit this new expenditure is to
be made!
But what will be the probable cost of carrying
out the resolution of the committee ? Governor
Reeder, I believe, wishes some twenty or thirty
witnesses; of course, General Whitfield would
want as many, or perhaps more, to sustain his
position. Tnere is no limit to. the number of wit-
nesses. And if the legality of the election of
each member of the Kansas Legislature is to be
investigated—as is actually proposed by the com-
mittee, under Governor Reeder's plea—hundreds
of witnesses will be required. But, say there are
to be thirty witnesses for Governor Reeder, and
the same number for the sitting member—-let us
estimate in dollars and cents the cost of bringing
to the capital sixty witnesses. The mileage of
the Delegate from Kansas is about $3,000. You
will have no excuse to say to a citizen of Kansas,
whom you may drag from his business and
family, that you will pay him any less than you
pay the Delegate to Congress. Then the cost of
sixty witnesses, at the least, will be $120,000.
This amount would be probably doubled; and
no doubt would be doubled under tne various
pleas which ingenious men in vent to get the public
money.
This question of expense is important not only
because the amount of money will be very large,
but because the mode proposed by the committee
is unusual. The gentleman from Pennsylvania,
[Mr. Campbell,] who has just spoken, asks: "Is
there anything unusual in the course pursued by
the committee?" Sir, it is most unusual. The
laws of Congress, as to the mode of contesting
elections, point out to each man his remedy, and
the way to reach it. The laws on the subject of
contested elections exclude the idea that any man
may contest an election at the public expense. He
is allowed and required to give notice of his
grounds, and to take testimony, and to present
that testimony to Congress; and upon that Con-
gress has the right to judge of his qualifications.
Without complying with the requisites of the
law, Governor Reeder presents himself before
Congress, claiming the right to sit to the exclu-
sion of General Whitfield—with his hands per-
fectly empty—without a shadow of testimony!
—armed only with the audacity of a higher law;
intimating, " This is no common law, I am no
common man; you must make me and my case
an exception."
Well, sir, Governor Reeder is a very proper
man to advise Congress to disregard the require-
ments of the law. He is a very proper man to
advise the people of Kansas not only to disregard
the law, but to break the law; for, if the charges
made against him are true, he was amongst the
first in Kansas, though occupying the high posi-
tion of Governor, to violate the law. Experience
makes him perfect in the art, and gives him the
right to assume and exercise the office of a teacher
in the craft of law-breaking.
GOVERNOR REEDER's EXCUSES FOR NOT BRINGING
HIS TESTIMONY.
It was not necessary for the committee to say
that the excuses of Governor Reeder, for not
having taken his testimony, were sufficient to
authorize them to propose this resolution, because
they admit that, even if he had exhibited the most
marked neglect, still the great issues made up be-
fore the country demanded the investigation.
But let us examine the excuses, and see whether
the House are satisfied with them. He says: •
" The only judicial officers in the Territory whose power
to administer oaths is unquestioned, is the chief justice;
and it could not be expected that he would, to the neglect
of his official duties, and without the right to receive any
compensation, spend three or four weeks, in a trip of several
hundred miles, amid the discomforts of th£ Territory, merely
for the purpose of administering oaths. The two seats of
associate justices are in dispute between four gentlemen,
all claiming that the y hold commissions from the President,
which are still in force."
Here is an admission that these five judges were
not called upon to serve in administering oaths.
Governor Reeder has no right to conclude that
the chief justice would shrink from an official
duty. The dignity of the office of chief justice
ought not to deter a man from applying to him
to do an official act. It majr be that Governor
Reeder was unwilling to risk either of these
judges with"his case, inasmuch as the chief had
decided upon one important point in this contro-
versy against Governor Reeder. The excuse that
these judges were not called onto serve is flimsy,
and should not be received by the House as any
reason why the usual course was not pursued in
taking the testimony. In the contested case from
the Territory of New Mexico, the chief justice
and the associate justice not only administered
oaths, but with immense labor conducted he
taking and the receiving of the testimony, even
through interpreters. Wliy could not the same
have been done in Kansas ?
Again, Governor Reeder says:
" The undersigned also states that he did, in the month
of October last, endeavor to supersede the necessity of
bringing witnesses before the committee, by an arrangement
which he supposed was well matured, to take depositions
in the Territory, and caused notice of various times and
places to be served on his opponent in this proceeding. One
of these places was in the State of Missouri, where he had
engaged a resident of the place, and also a lawyer, to attend
to the taking of them, for compensation. Why they were
not taken at that place the undersigned has nerer learned,
and does not know. In the Territory, they were taken at
some places; but there being no person within fifty miles
to administer an oath, and not even a justice of the peace,
under the disputed laws, they were sworn before private
individuals. In other places they were not taken, because
it was considered impracticable."
Here is an admission that, even in- the State
of Missouri, where he had engaged a lawyer to
attend for compensation, the testimony was not
taken. He does not know the reason. The rea-
son is plain, sir. We must presume that he
abandoned this effort as he abandoned all the rest.
Governor Reeder had no doubt made up his mind
not to pursue the usual course, and that his party
and friends in Congress would sustain him under
the excitement which he could probably get up
by his exaggerated statements.
There was not " even a justice of the peace
under the disputed laws " to administer an oath !
, I am told, sir, that, under the territorial laws,
justices of the peace had been elected in nearly
! every beat in the Territory, and that there was a
duly-elected judge of probate for every county.
Why were not these officers called upon to act ?
Because Governor Reeder and the " moss of the
[ citizens," as he says, " refused to acknowledge
the laws as binding, or to recognize the officers!"
Will the House take such excuses? " In other
places depositions were not taken because it was
impracticable!" This is a very broad excuse.
Impracticable—how? It is admitted, sir, that this
impracticability was a mere apprehension of excite-
ment and the stirring-up of a mob ! Sir, timidity
and pusillanimity, with a bad cause, will make
anything impracticable.
Sir, I have shown that Governor Reeder gave
notice bfthetimesand places of takingtestimony—
that there were officers in every beat and county—
that after he gave the notice, in a day or two he
left the country, and abandoned his cause—aban-
doned it even in Missouri—left it all to take care
of itself! He now asks Congress, in the face of
all this, to take him upon their shoulders ! Having
neglected his own business, he appeals to Con-
gress to take care of his private and personal
affairs! Does the record of any contested elec-
tion, in this or any other country, present so ex-
travagant an appeal ? Do I misuse a harsh word,
sir, when I say that this appeal is the audacity of
higher law ? Sir, some persons have a right to
appeal to their Government for privileges or for
rewards. When men have served their country in
peace or in war—when, as legislators or as Gov-
ernors they leave in their tracks monuments of
wisdom and patriotism—when as warriors they
come from the battle-field all covered with blood
and scarred with wounds, and with plumes of
glory waving about them, they may appeal for
justice, for favor, and for reward ! But Governor
Reeder does not come under this head! Appointed
by a credulous Executive to the high office of
Governor of a new Territory, he forgets his
fatherly position of peace-make?, and shows him-
self an arch agitator., Appointed to protect the
laws, he breaks through all legal restraints, and,
without even the cautions of decency, proves him-
self a ferocious speculator, with a voracity that
would shame the memory of a Warren Hastings.
And now, sir, degraded from his position by a
justly outraged President, he feels as did an old
Enghsh Bishop, who exclaimed—
" Nothing is left for me—
But long I will not remain Jack-oct-of-Office."
And to help him in this resolution he appeala
to Congress ! Will you help hint? The excuses
of Governor Reeder are the reasons of the com-
mittee for urging this resolution. He wants the
office—they want the agitation ? The one is unjust
—the other is fraught with prospective evils so
great, that the tongue of man may not easily de-
pict them.
USE OP THE TESTIMONY.
Am I unjust to the committee and to the othej:
gentlemen of this House who press this resolu-
tion, when I say that, having abandoned Gov-
ernor Reeder's claim to a seat, the only use of
this investigation.is to keep alive a most mischiev-
ous and feverish excitement? Am I wrong in my
conclusions that it is not so much the seat of
General Whitfield which disturbs them, as it is
the laws of Kansas ? Po you want the evidence
