170
.THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 9,
Edmimdson, Elliott, English, Etheri(Ige,Eustis,Evans,Flor-
ence, Foster, HeurvM. Fuller, Thomas .L D. Fuller, Goode,
Greenwood, Augustus Hail, Sampson W. Harris, Thomas
L. Harris, Bannon, Haven, Herbert, Hoffman, Jewett,
Keitt, Keiiy, Kennett,'Kidwell, Lake, Letcher, Lindley,
Lumpkin, Humphrey Marshall, Maxwell, McMullin, Mc-
Queen, Smith Miller, Mdlward, Moore, Nichols, Mordecai
Oliver, ,Qrr, Packer, Paine, Peaice, Pennington, Phelps,
Porter, Powell, Purvianee, Reade, Rieaud, Richardson,
Rivers, Roberts, Robison, Riiffin, Rust, Sandidge, Savage,
Scott, Samuel A. Simth, William Smith, William &. Smith,
Sneed, Stephens, SWwart, Talbott, Taylor, Todd, Trippe,
Underwood, Vail, Valk, Walker, Watkms, Watson, Wil-
liams, Wirislovv, John V. Wright, and Zollieoffer—101.
NAYS—Messrs. Aiken, Albright, Banks, Barbour, Bar-
clay, Henry Bennett, Hendley S. Bennett, Benson, Bing-
ham, Bishop, Bliss, Bocock, Bradfehaw, Brenton, Brooks,
Buffington, Hurhnga'me, James H. Campbell, Chaffee,
Clawson, Colfax, Comms, Cragin, Crawford, Culien, Cum-
baek, Damreil, Day, Dean, De Witt, Dick, I)ick«on, Dodd,
Durtee, Edie, Edwaids, Einiie, Faulkner, Flagler, Gal-
loway, Guldnigs, Gilbert, Granger, Glow, Robert B. Hall,
Harlan, Hickman, Ilolloway, Thomas R. Horton, Valen-
tine B. Hoiton, Houston, Howaid, Hughston, George W,
Jones, Kelsev, King, Knapp, Knight, Knowlton, Knox,
Leitei, Samuel S. Marshall, Maueson, MeCarty, Meaeh-
am,Ki!han Miller, Millson, Morgan, Morrill,Mott,Munay,
Noiton, Andtew Oliver, Parker. Peck, Pettit, Pike, Pringle,
Puryear, Quitman, Rob&ins, Sahin, Sage, Sapp, Sherman,
Simmons,, Spinner, Stanton, Stranahan, Swope, Tappan,
Thonngton, Thyrston, Trafton, Wade, Wakeman, Wal-
bridge, Waldron, Cadwalader C. Washburne, Eihhu B.
Wa>hliurne, Israel Washburn, Wheeler, Wood, Woodruff,
Woodworth3 and Daniel B. Wright—107.
Pending the call of the yeas and nays,
Mr. FLORENCE said: When the gentleman
from Alabama asked any gentleman tu refer loan
instance of a Catholic clergyman being engaged
in a contest for liberty, I incidentally referred to
the fact of the Rev. John Murphy being one of
the leaders in the Irish rebellion on the occasion
of their defeat at Vinegar Ifill, on the 9th of June.
im
Mr. PTJRYEAR. I rise to a question of order.
The debate is not in order on a motion to fix the
dav of adjournment.
Air. 1'LOli.EjN'CE. I am only making a per-
sonal explanation. [Laughter.]
Mr. SNEED. The gentleman cannot do that
upon a motion to adjourn.
Mr. PLOilUNCl?,. I find, by rcf< 'rcncc to the
history of that period, that other Catholic clergy-
men were engaged in that struggle.
The CLERK. The gentleman from Pennsyl-
vania has forgol-ton that this is a vote upon fixing
the time of adjournment.
Mr. FLOREJNCE. I was simply explaining
my position.
Mr. LETCHER. I move that the gentleman
from Pennsylvania be allowed to explain the rea-
sons for his vote. [Laughter.]
Mr. PURYEAR. The gentleman cannot pro-
ceed, as my point of order has been decided
against him.
Mr. FLORENCE,. I should have boon through
with my explanation if gentlemen had allowed
me to proceed. Those clergymen were the Rev.
Mr. Kejirns and 
The C'LKPJv. The gentleman will suspend a
moment. [Laughter.] The CJerk did decide,
on the point of order raised by the genllomnn
from .North Carolina, [Mr. Pi.kykak,] that the
remarks of the gentleman .from Pennsylvania
wer-"1 not m order, inasmuch as the vote was upon
a motion to Jix the time of adjournment. Hut die
gentleman from Virginia now moves th.it the
gentleman be permitted to explain his reason for
his vote.
Mr. PURYEAR. I object.
Mr. GROW. 1 hope the gentleman will be
permitted to toll us what became of Father Mur-
phv after he fell. [Laughter.]
Mr. SNEED. I move to lay the motion of the
gentleman from Virginia upon the table.
Mr. LETOilKR. I thought the motion had
been acquiesced in by unanimous consent.
The CLKLtiC. There was a great number of
objections.
Mr. LETCHER. Then I withdraw the mo-
tion.
Mr. SNEED. And f withdraw my motion.
Mr. FLORENCE. They were the Rev.
Me^sr.s. Kearns, Perry, Fitzgerald, and John
Play; and 1 further find that the following note
is appended to the page recording the event of
tho.se gentlemen being so engaged:
<( When Mmphy fell, he was but a few paces from the
barricade, and w,is waving a banner over Ins head, embia-
.zoned with a huge ciosf, and the motto, f Death or Lib-
ertv!'"
[Cries of " Order!" here came from all parts of
the PI all, Mr. Florence in the mean time stand-
ing in his place.]
The CLERK. The gentleman from Pennsyl-
vania is certainly out of order.
Mr. FLORENCE. I am not saying a word.
[Laughter.] I am waiting for the confusion to
cease, and the House will bear me witness that I
am not a participant in it. I have been standing
here like "Patience on a monument." [Laugh-
ter.]
The call of the roll was then proceeded with,
and the result announced as above recorded.
Mr. KEITT moved that when the House ad-
journs to-day, it adjourn to meet on Thursday
'next.
Mr. ORR moved so to amend the fnotion as to
provide for an adjournment until Wednesday.
Mr. STANTO]NT. Now let us have the yeas
and nays upon adjourning over until Wednesday.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was then taken upon Mr. Orr's
amendment to Mr. Keitt's motion, and decided
in the atfirmative-^-yeas 122, nays 68; as fol-
lows:
YEAS—Messrs. Aiken, Allen, Ball, Be}], Ilendlcy S. Ben-
nett, Bliss, Bocock, Bowie, Boyee, Buineh, Cadwalader,
John P. Campbell, Lewis D. Campbell, Caiuthers, Caskie,
Bayard Clark, Clmgmim, HnwelJ Cobb, Williamson I* W.
Cobb, Cox, {Jiaige, Crawtbrd, Culien, Davidson, Henry
Winter Davis, Denver, Dick, Dowdell, Dunn, Duitoe, Ed-
mundson, Edwards, Elliott, English, Rtherul<?e, Eustif,
Evans, Faulkner, Florence, Foster, Henry M. Fullei,
Thomas J. 1). Fuller, Goode, Greenwood, Giow, Augustus
Hall, J. Moinson Harris, Sampson W. Hanis, Thomas L.
Hams, Harrison, Haven, Heibert, Hoffman, Houston,
Jewett, Keitt, Kelly, Kennett, KnhveJI, Lake, Loiter,
Letcher, Lmdley, Lumpkin, Humphrey Marshall, Samuel
S. Marshall, Maxwell, McMullin. McQueen. Smith Miller,
Mdlson, Mill waul, Moore, Nichols, Noiton, Andrew Oliver,
Orr, Packer, Pame, Parker. Peck, Peltori, Pennington,
Pettit, Phelps, Portei, Povveil, Purvuuiee, Quitman, Reade,
Uieaud, Roberts, itufhn, Ru^t, Sabin, riandidge, Sapp, Scott,
Shennan, Samuel A. Smith, Wiiham R. "Smith, Sneed,
Stewart, Talbott, Taylor, Thurston, Todd, Trippe, Under-
wood, Valk, Wade, Walker, W.irnei, Liael Washburn,
Watkms, Watson, Wheeler, Williams, Wmslow. Daniel
B. Wright, John V. Wright, and Zollieoffer—1:22.
NAYS—Me^is. Albright, Banks, Baibour, Barclay,
Henry Bennett, Benson, Bingham, Bradshaw, liienton,
Bulfington, Burlmgame, James 11. Campbell, Cbaftee,
ClaWf-on, Colfax, Connie, Cumbaek, Damu'll, Day, Dean,
De Witt, Dickson, Dodd, Edie, Eume. Flaylei, Gallowav,
(iiddmgs. Gilbert, Gi anger, Robert'!?. Hall, Harlan, Hick-
man, Ilolloway,Thomas R. Horton, Valentine B. Hoiton,
Uowaid, Jlughslon, Geoigo W. Jone.s, keiscv, Knapp,
Knight, Knowlton, Mattoson, McCarty, Morgan, Mouill,
Mott, ftlurr.iv, Prmrilc. Pur\«nr, Robbins, SaLre. Spmnei,
Slanton, .Stranahan, Tl'oum.'tou, Trafton, Wakeninn, Wal-
bmlire, Waldron, Ctulwalader C. W.^Uburne, Eliihu B.
Vt'a^libuine, Welch, Wood, Woodmil, and Woouworth—
68.
So the amendment was agreed to.
The motion of Mr. Keitt, as thus amended,
was then agreed to—yeas 102, nays 90; as fol-
lows:
YHAS— Messrs. Aiken, Allen, Ball, Bell, Bliss, Bowie,
Boyee, Branch, Bicuton, Brooks, Cadwalauet, John P.
Campbell, Lewis D. Campbell, Caiuthcis, Ca&luc, Cling-
tnan, Uowi'll Cobb, Wilhiimi-on U. W. Cobb, Co\, Cr;nn;rt,
Crawfoui, Culien, Davidson, Hemy Wint*'j Davis, Den-
v Diek, Dowdell, Dunn, KdniniuNon, Eilwaids, Rl'iott,
Bth  iidjie, Eu^tii-, Evan-, F.mlkiusr, Floienee,
Henry M. Puller,Thomas J. D. l'ulljr, Guo;ic, Greenwood.
Auiius-tus Hall, J. jVIornvon Ham-, Sampoon ^V*. Harris',
Th">ma> L. Hams. U.uuson, HaM'n, Hcibeit, Hoffman,
Jewetl. Keitl, Kvliv, Ken net i, Kidwell, Lake-, Leitei',
beteliei, fjj.nifey, Lumpkin, Ihnnplney 3Farshall, Samuel
S. Mai -iKilJ. 31axw'(. 11. .Mc.AZulun, Metim en, Sni'tii ?Jil]ei,
.Miilwaid, Nn'h< I-, Monlecai Oliver. On, Paine,
peiminyt'm, i'helps, Porrei, Powll, Pieviaitee, Jteade,
Bn'.aid, iluffm, Ku>t, ^aniudge, fcreott. Samuel A.
Siuitlu Wiliiam K. Snntti. Sneed, f.Hew ait, Svope, Talbott,
Tajjoi, Todd, Txjppe. fJndorwood. \'alk, Wade, Walkei,
Walking, Watson, Williams, Wtn lows Jolin V. Wright,
an-! Zolueoilet—102.
NAVS — Messrs. Albright, Banks, Baibour, Baiclay,
Henry B<muett, HeiuUey S. Bennett, Bei^on, Bingham,
Boeoek, Biad-l'aw, Bulftnston, Bmhngnme, James II.
Cainphell, ChaflVe, dawson, Colfax, Comms, i^iasin,
C'umback, Damroll, Dav. Dean, DeWitt, Dickson. Dodd,
Dunce, Edie. Eume, Pla^lei, Gallowav, Giddmu>, Ciibeii,
Gr.m^"i. Giow, Robert B. J tali, Harlan, Hickman, Hollo-
^a\,'J'noiiia.i 11. Hoiton, Valentine B. Hotcou, Hoi^to*s,
Howaid. iiuidi-imi, (ieor^''W. Jones, KeNev, Knapp,
Km ht, Knowlton, Rlattoson, MeCaity, Mdlson, Monjan,
Mouill,' Motf, Mm ray, Xorton. Andiew Olivei, Paekei,
. 'tiker, Peck, Peiuu., I'cttil, i ike. .''linsk-, PiKjear, Qmt-
nian, Rohbu^, Snbm, Sa«e, ^a;>p. Shennan. Spmner, Stan-
ton, Stianaiian, Tappan, Tixmn^toi), Thumon, Trafton,
Wakeman, Walbii.ige, \\',i!d!on, Wantei, Cadwaiadei C.
Washburne, Kliilm 15. Wasiibunie, Israel Was!mum,
Welch, Wheeler,'Wood, Woodi uff, Woudvvoith, and Daniel
B. Wujjht—90.
And thereupon (at fivo o'clock) the House
adjourned until Wednesday next, at twelve
o'clock, m.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Wednesday, January 9, 1856.
The House was called to order by the Clerk at
twelve o'clock, m.
The Journal of Monday was read and approved.
Mr. WHEELER. J move that there be a call
of the House.
Mr. PHELPS. Upon that motion I demand
the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken, and decided in the
negative—yeas 77, nays 127; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Aiken, Allen, Banks, Barclay, Baiks-
dale, Bell, Hendley S. Bennett, Bowie. Bojco, Bianch,
Burnett, John P. Campbell, Lewis U. Campbell, Carhle,
Caskie, Howell Cobb, Williamson R. W. Cobb, Cox, Ctaige,
DavuUon, Denver, Dowdell, Dunn, lfttiendge, Eustis,
Evans, Faulknei, Florence, Ileniv M. Fuller, Thomas J.
D. Fullei,Goode. Greenwood, J Monison Harris, Sampson
VV. Harris, Harrison, Herbeit, Hotl'tiiau, Valentine B. Hor-
ton, Jewett, Gt'otye W.Jone.-, Kent, Kelly, Kidwell,Lake,
Letcher, Lumpkin, Humphrey M-usliall/Samuel S Mar-
shall, Maxwell, McQueen, Smith Miller, Miilson,Mi!lwaqj,
Moore, Pame, Peaice, Peck. Phelps, Quitinan, Ready,
Ricaud, Richardson, Rivers, Rufiia, Rus>t, William Smith,
Snced. Stewart, Talbott, Tayloi,Walker.Warner,Wlieeler,
Williams, Wmslow, Daniel B. Wn^ht, and Jonn V.
Wnght—77.
NAY'S—Messrs. Albright, Allison, Barbour, Henry Ben-
nett, Benson, Bingham, Bliss, Cradshavv, Brenton, Brooks,
Butlin^ton, Bifrhngame, Cadwalader, James II. Campbell,
Caruthers, Chaffee, Clawson, Chngman, Colfax, Coming,
Crasm, Cumbaek. Damreil, Timothy Davis, Day, Dean,
De Witt, Dick, Dickson, Dodd, Dm fee, Edie, Edimmdson,
Edwatdb, Elliott, Ennie, English, Flagle.r, Foster, Gallo-
way, Giddmgs, Gilbert, Grow, Augustus Hall, Rolieit B.
Hall, Harlan, Thomas L. Hams, Hickman, Hoiioway,
'Phomas U. Hoiton, Houston, Howard, Kelsey, Kenuett,
Kuiir, Knapp, Knight, Knowlton, Knox, Inciter, Mace, Al-
exander K. Maishall, Matteson, McCaitv, MeMullin,
Mcacham, ICdhan Miller, Morgan, Morrill, Mott, Muuay,
Nichols, Noiton, Andrew Chvei. On, Packer, Parker,
Pclton, Punmnaton, Pettit, Pike, Poitor, Powell, Princle,
Puryear, Reade, Ritchie, Roberts, Robi^on, Sabin, Sage,
Sandidge, Sapp, Savage, Scott, Sherman, Simmons, Sam-
uel A. Smith, Spmnei, Stanton, Stephens, Stianaiian, Tap-
pan, Thoimgton, Thurston, Todd, Trafton, Trippe,Tyson,
Underwood, Vail, Valk, Wade, Wakeman, Walbndge,
Waldion, Cadwalader C. Washburn5, Elltiiu B. Wash-
burne, Israel Washburn, Watkms, Watson, Welch, Whit-
ney, Wood, Woodruff, Woodworth, and ZolhcoffeiyT.27.
So the House refused to order a call. V/
While the call of the roll was proceeding,
Mr. SMITH, of Tennessee, (when his name
was called,) said: Mr. Clerk, I rise for the pur-
pose of making a personal explanation, and, as
this motion for a call of the House is evidently
for the purpose of allowing members time to come ~
in, this is the best time to make it. If the House,
therefore, will indulge me at this time, I promise
to be as brief as possible. [Ciies of Js Go on !"
st Consent!"] -A few days ago, it will be remem-
bered—or if it is not remembered, it is upon the
record—I voted against laying upon the table a
resolution introduced by the honorable gentle-
man from Alabama, [Mr. Walker,] nominating
for Speaker my friend from South Carolina, [Mr.
Boyce.] In doing so, I, to some extent, separated
myself m that particular from a large majority of
the Democratic party in this House. Some cen-
sure was, for the moment, east upon me for that
act, though I believe no Democrat who voted
against laying that resolution on the table was
suspieionod even of an intention to waver from
his support of the regular nominee of the Demo-
cratic party.
iVow, sir, the reason why I gave that vote I
want to explain; and I want to do it for this pur-
pose: there has been a shrewd, ingenious, but
deliberate attempt made to cast the responsibility
of the non-organization of this House upon the
Democratic party and upon the Administration—
upon the President. When the gentleman from
Alabama [Mr. Walker] first made the remark
which he did here, in relation to the responsibil-
ity of the want of organization of this body, the
Democratic party had said nothing upon the sub-
ject. They had attempted to flirow the respon-
sibility upon no one of the contending parties
in the House. They were willing—and" they did
it—lo sit here and vote, and to stand by their
platform, and to stand by their candidate, the
gentleman from Illinois, [Mr. Richardson.] We
had struggled here for sometime; and though no
result had been accomplished, eieh party had
succeeded to some extent m defining its own po-
sition. But, sir, to my astonishment and regret,
1 find that a party here, agreeing with us m senti-
ment, as they say, m relation to the great question
that now agitates and divides the country, instead
