1770
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 25,
The bill was read twice, and considered as in
Committee of the Whole. It proposes to direct
the payment of J3,396 66, with interest from
August 9, 1850, until paid, being for interest
and damages on a draft drawn by the purser of
the Pacific squadron, under command of Com-
modore Jones, on the Secretary of the Navy.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, was read a third time, and passed.
ATMOSPHERIC TELEGRAPH.
Mr. COLLAMER. I move that the Senate
take up the bill (S. No. 327) to test the practica-
bility and usefulness of the atmospheric tele-
graph. It has already been once before the
Senate.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate, as
in Committee of the Whole, resumed the consid-
eration of- the bill.
Mr. YULEE. As this bill will lead to dis-
cussion, I ask the Senator from Vermont to per-
mit the bill winch provides for the compulsory
prepayment of postage on transient printed mat-
ter to be taken up, as that will involve no dis-
cussion, and allow it to be passed before we take
up the atmospheric telegraph bill.
Mr. COLLAMER. I do not know why that
bill should be taken up in preference to this.
Tins was up before, and was laid over to accom-
modate gentlemen.
Mr. YULEE. One will lead to discussion,
and the other will not: one is a question of prac-
tical importance, while the other is not. I think
the bill to winch f allude will not occupy more
than a few minutes.
Mi. COLLAMER. Inasmuch as the bill lias
been taken up, 1 think we had better proceed
with it. We can dispose of it prettv soon, I
think.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The bill is
before the Senate as ill Committee of the Whole.
Mr. COLLAMER. I do not propose to de-
tain the Senate by any extendeji remarks on this
subject. It has been before the body for some
time, and if gentlemen have really taken an in-
terest in it, they have had an opportunity to
inform themselves upon it. Nor do I think I
shall be able to make any statement which will
be likely to command the attention or enlighten
the judgment of the Senate in relation to it. I
cannot make the subject so interesting as to com-
mand attention. That the object now sought to
be attained is practicable, is pretty well settled
by eveiy enhglilened and piactical engineer who
has paid attention to it. The ptessuie of the
atmosphere is fifteen pounds to the square huh;
and that that power can be made available by
mechanical ingenuity for practical putposes
must be certain. Whether we have yet succeeded
in airaiiging the use of that power to practical
purposes is the question to be tested by exnen-
ment. That a tnne will come when that power
will be used cannot be open to doubt.
The bill does not appropriate to the proprietor
of this atmospheric telegraph any money what-
ever. It does not give him the disposal of a dol-
lar. It merely appropriates a sum of money to
enable the head of the Post Office Depaitment to
test its practicability, and that, too, only npon
hating the use of it assigned entirely to the
United States; and if ultimately it turns out to
be an advantage, it is left entirely to the liberality
of Congress to make him any compensation for
it which they may think proper.
Two or three objections were made to this bill
when it was up before. The first objection made
to it by the Senator from Virginia [Air. HcnterJ
was, that it was unprecedented. I believe, how-
ever, he became satisfied that it was not unpre-
cedented. It was soon found that we had made
various appropriations for important public ex-
periments, arid that some of them had been suc-
cessful and some unsuccessful. The next objec-
tion was from the Senator frotn Michigan, [Mr.
Cass,] that so far from its being unprecedented
we had had too many experiments.
Mr. CASS. That they never succeeded.
Mr. COLLAMER. 'That they never suc-
ceeded! What is Morse's telegraph but the re-
sult of just such an experiment? The fact that
so mi* experiments are unsuccessful constitutes no
sort of objection to their being tried. The truth
is, man is about the only animal in the world
that promts from unsuccessful experiments; no
other animal has intelligence enough to malse
experiments. Mankind make experiments, and
learn from them—especially from the unsuccessful
on^s. I can say to the honorable gentleman, that
I trust he himself has not outgrown the possi-
bility of learning by experiment; and, though
there have been more unsuccessful than success-
ful experiments in the world, in the ratio of ten to
one, that constitutes no objection whatever. I
cannot congratulate the gentleman on all the ex-
periments which he has instituted in the world.
They have not all been carried out, and we can-
not say yet how they will eventuate,
Another, gentleman, the Senator from Ken-
tucky, [Mr. Thompson,] told us that the subject
had been reported upon heretofore, after a full
examination, by the honorable Senator from
Florida, [Mr. Malloet,] and that ho cannot
answer him. Well, then, what will he do?
Sneer at it, and try to bring it into derision in
some way or other. If it is not capable of being
answered., it may be capable of being laughed at.
I think the time has come when this experiment
ought to be tried and tested, if it can be done
satisfactorily, and at a reasonable price. I think
it becomes us to say that this great improvement
for the use of the world is at least worthy of a
trial.
Mr. CASS. My honorable friend from Ver-
mont, I must say, has managed this business with
a great deal of adroitness. He has raised a
shadow, and then attacked it. I never said any-
thing against making experiments. That would
be a most idle ground to take. As he correctly
says, from the cradle to the grave, life is full of
experiments. Experiment is a great part of our
business; but it is the experiment-maker that I
was talking about. 1 do not believe that Gov-
ernments are instituted to make experiments of
this kind. That is my difficulty. I think the
Government is one of the worst constituted bodies
m the world to make experiments, either with a
view to their success or their economy. I in-
timated the other day that—I do not know how
much, but I may safely say—millions have been
lost to this Government by experiments in guns
and vessels, which have been utter failures. Our
business, I think, is to let persons, inventors or
discoverers, make their experiments; and theit,
when we want them, buy them, from a pill-box
to a " seventy-four." That is my view about
experiments. They ought to be made, and will
be made, when it is profitable for the people to
make them; and when they are found to be useful,
let us go on like private individuals and buy them.
Hut so sure as the Government undertakes to make
experiments, ninety times out of a hundred it
will fail.
Mr. PEARCE. I think we ought not to en-
gage in this business. The principle of this in-
vention is one not entirely new. As far back as
twenty-four years ago a mode of transmitting the
mails was suggested, and I think on this identi-
cal plan of tubes in sections of about five miles,
through which packages arc to be propelled by
atmospheric pressure. The scheme which was
then introduced—by a Mr. Spicer I think—was
submitted to the examination of the Franklin In-
stitute in Philadelphia, who appointed a compe-
tent committee to investigate it. That committee
relied upon authentic reports of experiments made
by competent savans, and upon their- knowledge
of the law of motions of fluids. They were
aware that air in motion is subject to the resistance
of friction as well as any other moving fluid.
Tliey therefore referred to experiments made
at the mines of Raneil, in France, by D'Aubuis-
son, and their report was submitted to that insti-
tute in 1832, which was directly adverse to the
project. I will read from the Journal of the
Franklin institute the resultof their examination,
and to show that this is the same plan as the one
now before the Senate. Mr. Spicer's plan was
as follows;
"Mr. Spicer proposes to transport the mails, &e., be-
tween any two given points by the following arrangement 2
Tubes (of wood or metal) of uniform bore, are to be placed
horizontally, and in a dnect line between the two points •
within these tubes the mail to be moved. To effect lias
motion the mail is to be attached to an ait-tight plug, moved
by condensing the air upon one side of the pimr, and rarefy-
ing it upon the opposite side. Mr. Spicer proposes to divide
the distance between any two laigo towns (tu, for example
between Philadelphia and New York) into sections of five
miles each; an engine for condensing (or exhausting)
being placed at one end of the section, while mrnthci for
exhausting (or condensing) is placed at tne oppo-atc urn. it
is understood that it is proposed to use tubfs, ten me n.  m
diameter."
Now, sir, a series of experiments made by
D'Aubuisson, and reduced to a tabular statement,
show the following results, as stated by the com-
mittee of the Franklin Institute:
We see by the table just given, that in a tube of only
one eighth of a mile in length, about five tenth* of the
power applied is consumed in overcoming the resistance to
the motion of air through the tube; that at a distance of
half a mile, seventy-three per cent, of the power applied
is expended in the same way; and that at two and a half
miles theie remains, as an effective propelling force, but
fifteen per cent, of tlie whole power applied—exhibiting a
consumption of power which puts out of question the adop-
tion of such a plan. By similar means, the eftect of ex-
haustion at the opposite end of the tube might be calculated;
and since the same sources of resistance exist in tin* ca«-e
as in the other, the conclusion can but beofasumiar kind.
The foregoing table shows that, in a tube of twenty feet in
length, the resistance would be altogether inconsiderable;
and hence, m the model of Mr. Spicer, eighteen feet long,
notwithstanding its small diameter, he was not enabled to
detect any resistance which would have led to an abandon-
ment of his plan. The committee can but regret that ex-
penses should have been incurred by Mr. Spicer in bunging
his invention before the public, which they understand he
is ill able to aftoid."
Without troubling the Senate any further, it
seems to me that, when jthe principle of an in-
vention has been investigated by competent sci-
entific men, and it has been declared inefficient—in
a formal report which they have made, under all
the obligations which scientific men acknowledge
—with such a definite and positive conclusion,
it seems to me, the Senate should not appropriate
$75,000 for further experiment. I understand _
that there is a member of the Senate who has'
seen this, or some similar machine, tried in another
country, and that it was a failure. Certain it is,
unless these gentlemen are entirely mistaken in
the theory and also in the practical results of
the experiments made, with a view to test the
resistance of friction to the passage of air through
tubes, we must consider it impossible that, on an
extended scale, there could be a successful appli-
cation of this idea. I cannot, therefore, agree to
vote for the appropriation of $75,000 for thi3
purpose.
Mr. ALLEN. I think this experiment has
been thoroughly tried m Europe. I saw an opera-
tion of the same description in Kingston, Ireland.
The attempt was made to transport railroad cars
through a smooth tube, with a steam-engine at
one end to exhaust the atmosphere, and to carry
the cars through by the pressure of the atmos-
phere on the opposite end; but proved an entire
failure, at a length of some six or eight, or ten
miles. It cost more to operate the machine than
it would to put the fire to a common engine and
move the cars the whole distance. That was the
same principle as is now proposed in this plan of
transporting the mails.
Mr. M ALLOR Y. Mr. President, I have found
it very often the case here, that the Senate has
raised a committee, and confided to them a par-
ticular branch of its business, elicited from them
a report on which much time and labor have been
spent, and then probably the report is not read
by a single member of the body. I think the
evidence before us is now thai the report of the
committee oil this atmospheric telegraph has
not been read by either of the gentlemen who
have addressed the Senate against it—I allude to
the Senator from Maryland, and the Senator
from Rhode Island. I therefore feel an excuse
for notifying flie Senate of the fact, that in 1854,
a special committee was raised on this subject,
of which Mr. Everett was the chairman. I was
absent from the city in Florida, at the time when
the committee was appointed, and found myself
011 the committee on my return. I addressed
myself to the subject, it having been a matter
which I had noticed for twenty years, and made
a report, which I suppose has not been read by
the Senator from Kentucky, who alluded to it
the other day, or by either of the gentlemen who
have addressed the Senate now. If those gen-
tlemen would take the report and examine its
details, reply to it, and show that any of its cal-
culations or conclusions were baseless, I should
surrender my opinions at once. I have never
voted for an experiment in my life. I have uni-
formly voted m Congress, since I have been here,
against applying the public money to an experi-
ment, and 1 expect to do so. I do not regard
