1856.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
'Ml
of making war tipon the Black Republicans, as
they are called, attempt most ingeniously to cast
the odium upon the Democratic party for the
failure that has occurred to organize the House.
And that attempt having been promoted by two
of my colleagues from Tennessee—the honorable
gentleman [Mr. Zollicoffer] who represents
the Nashville district, for whom I have the high-
est respect, and my honorable colleague, [Mr.
Etheridge,] who "proposed Mr. MiLtsos the
other day—1 say that the attempt to throw this
odium upon the Democrats having been promoted
by these two gentlemen, I desire to show the per-
fect and utter fallacy of any such charge against
the Administration or the Democratic party.
Mr. Clerk, if there is a Democrat in this House
who does not most earnestly desire an organiza-
tion, I know not who he is. I should, however,
not say a word upon this point in relation to the
Administration, but for a charge that has been
made in the leading organ of that once very re-
# spectable but now defunct organization, known
as the "Whig party—that the Administration is
responsible for our want of organization. But,
sir, as that charge has h^n made from so respect-
able a source, and as iflBs become a prominent
charge against the Administration, I take this
occasion to say, that though I am not authorized
to speak for the President nor for the Adminis-
tration, I speak what I know when I say that
there is no man in this House who more earnestly
desires the speedy organization of the House than
the President of the United States. I speak what
I lenow when I make this statement, though I am
authorized to speak for no one but myself; but,
sir, I am anxious to see the House organize; and
why the attempt should be made by this Know
Nothing party, as it is called, to throw upon us
the responsibility of the failure thus far, I cannot
see.
Sir, strange things have occurred here, which
ought to go to the countiy. Here are two parties
opposed to the Democratic party of the House.
Of course I do not refer to every individual in
those parties; but I say that those who are called
Black Republicans in this House, owe their elec-
tion here to Know Nolhingism.
Mr. TRAFTON. I should like to ask the
gentleman from Tennessee what he means by
that expression?
Mr. SMITH. By what expression?
Mr. TRAFTON. Black R-epubhcans.
Mr. SMITH. 1 mean those gentlemen who
have been voting for Mr. Banks; they have been
called Black Republicans. I use the term in all
courtesy.
Mr. TRAFTON. Who calls them Black Re-
publicans? That is the question.
Mr. SMITH. 1 use the expression in all cour-
tesy. The reason why they arg called so, I sup-
pose, is, because they want to put the negro upon
an equality with the white man.
Mr. HOUSTON. Above—they would put
them above naturalized foreigners.
Mr. SMITH. Yes, sir.
Mr. NICHOLS. I do not understand the
party to which the gentleman from Tennessee
alludes to occupy any such position as he gives
for them. I am not in favor of putting the blacks
upon an equality with the whites, and I am not
aware that any such position is occupied by the
pai ty with which I am acting.
Mr. SMITH. I do not believe that the gen-
tleman from Ohio wSuld be willing to do that. 1
am pursuing a line of argument, and not casting
any reflections on anybody. J give the common
acceptation of the terms of the various parties m
this House. I say, sir, that the large majority of
the Black Republicans owe their election mainly
to the secret organization to which some gentle-
men from the South in main owe theirs. But what
do we see now' I speak from experience on the
subject. The Know Nothings nearly rode me
down in my district; and how did they do it?
They did it on the eighth section of the Philadel-
phia American platform. It was proclaimed in
every district of Tennessee that the proscription
of Catholics for their religious tenets, "which, they
alleged, were inconsistent with their true allegiance
to this Government, was the great and moving
principle of the Know Nothingparty. The con-
ference of the ministers of the church whose :
principles I profess, butto which I do not belong,
(I belong to none,) met in my county, and the
influence of those men was almost irresistible in
favor of the principle of the eighth section of the
Philadelphia platform, and against the constitu-
tional ideas of the Democratic party on the sub-
ject of religious toleration. If they had not done
so, I should never have had the least difficulty in
reference to my election. But such was the fa-
naticism there in my county on the subject of
religion,—not on the question of the exclusion of
foreigners,—that with a thousand majority of my
Folitical friends, it was with the gieatest difficulty
was enabled to carry the district.
What, Mr. Clerk, did we see here day before
yesterday? We see the gentleman from Louisi-
ana [Mr. Eustis] rise in his place and" assert
that the doctrine contained in the eighth section
of the Philadelphia Know Nothing platform was
a monstrous dcclrine.
The CLERK. The time allotted the gentleman
under the order of the House has expired.
Mr. SMITH. I am speaking by unanimous
consent.
The CLERK. If there is no objection, the
gentleman will proceed with his remarks.
There was no objection.
Mr.'SMITH. l am obliged to the House. In
order that I may not be misunderstood, [will
read what the honorable gentleman from Louisi-
ana [Mr. Eustis] did say on the' subject of the
religious test. In the Globe I find him using this
language:
" What was the construction which the American can-
didate for Governor of that State placed upon the eighth
article of the Philadelphia platiorm ? VVc all know that, in
the early part of hw canvass, that candidate published a
lottej in winch h«j aaid he never would vote for a Catholic.
Thank God, that gentleman was defeated, and, sir, heo««rht
to have been defeated. Theie was enough m that letter to
defeat ten thousand candidate^ lor Governor; and 1 trust,
that eveivman who holds such odious and nion^rous doe-
tune-1, will ever meet with as deep a political «.;ravc as the
honorable gentleman, th" American candidate I'm Governor
ol Vnginia, has mot with."
I was astonished to hoar that doctrine from one
who was of the secret organization which so
bitterly denounced the religious opinions of the
Catholics in my own district. Here, a member of
the American party holds doctrines diametrically
opposite to those of that party, published nnd
advocated in the gubernatorial and congressional
canvass of Tennessee. But my astonishment
was increased when I found these dissimilar
doctrines were indorsed by the honoiable gentle-
man from Alabama, [Mr. Walker,] avIio is on
acknowledged leader of the Know Nothing or
American party. Wimt do we see? These gen-
tlemen hold, that if the otolith section ofthe
Philadelphia American pintibim means anything,
it declaims a principle which is not only subvers-
ive of the Constitution of the United States, bat
is, in the language of the gentleman from Louis-
iana, [Air. Eustis,] monstrous* And yet, what
did we hear in the next breath? The Democrats
met hero on the Saturday night l^eforo the com-
mencement of Congress, and passed a resolution
in which they soid, in most respeclfui terms, that
they congratulated the country on the triumph
of the Democratic party, in many of the Stales,
on the principle of civil and religious liberty,
which was so fiercely assaulted by the Know
Nothing or American party. Two gentlemen
rise in their places, and tell the House that the
doctiine embodied in the eighth section of the
Know Nothing platform is sab^rsivc of the
Constitution, and that it is monstrous ! And yet
they say they cannot mute with us, because we
have congratulated the country on our triumph
over that very eighth section. That is the effect
of it. We hare it disclosed, and authoritatively,
too, thst the principle against which we fought,
and m the success of which triumph we congrat-
ulated the country, is not only subveisivo of the
Constitution, but is a monstrous principle!
I want this matter to properly go before the
country. I do not want to be placed in a fed so
position. I must use what feeble means I have
to repel the ingenious assaults which are to be,
and now are, made against the Democratic party.
The Clack Republicans, as they arc called, make
war on the Constitution, in reference to slavery.
The Know Nothing or Amoican party make
war on the Constitution, in regard to religious
toleration. That the latter, in their national
council, made war on civil and religious libei ty,
is admitted by two gentlemen of th" same party—
one from Louisiana and the oilier from Alabama.
I will say here, what I have often said at home,
that the violation of either the provision of the
Constitution,in reference to. religious toleration,
or that in regard to slavery, is equally vital.I
will vote for a Black Republican as soon as_l
would for any man who did not injoto repudiate
the odious eighth section of the Philadelphia
platform. I never fail to express an- opinion •
which I may honestly enwHp. This opinion
is one that ought to be c^Rssedj and clearly
and forcibly expressed. These two 'parties, I
repeat, arc alike objectionable, so long as they
retain in their creeds these anti-constitutionaj
doctrines. If tl^e stmthern Americans abandon
theeighth section of their national platform, and
their other objectionable doctrines, then I meet
them as political friends; for it is equally as im-
portant for us to maintain that provision of the
Constitution relating to religious toleration as the
one relating to slavery. Sir, I voted against lay-
ing that resolution on the table, for the purpose
of giving those gentlemen a fair chance. I did
not do it to get any advantage of them; for, sir,
I seek no advantage of any man, and more par-
ticularly would I seek no advantage from that
party which is so fast fading from existence as
the late Know Nothing party. I did it in good
faith, in order to give them a chance to show
their hand, and to remove the difiiculties_which
exist here. But, to the astonislnnent of tliis side
of the House, enough of them voted against the
resolution to prevent its passage; and therefore
a large number of our friends changed their votes.
I did not change mine, because.I never change a
vote that has been given with an understanding
of all the facts of the case. I never have done
it, and 1 never expect to do it. I have changed
many votes, when I did not understand the ques-
tions, but that is the only reason which, in my
opinion, would justify me in changing my votes.
Now, sir, the intent of the American party, as
indicated by the gentlemen who have spoken in
this debate, is to cast the odium of our non-or-
ganization upon the Democratic party and upon
the Administration. As I said ncfore, I know
that the President of the United States desires
an organization,—not that he would interfere at
all? by any means,—but as the Executive of this
nation he desires to see the Government go on in
the regular way, and to let the popular will have
free expression through its only.legitimate organ.
That is his desire, 1 apprehend, without even a
thought as to who shall preside over this body.
This is an inquiry he has no right to make, ex-
cept in a spirit of solicitude for the interest of the
country. I say here, now, to this House, that I
believe there ought to be a speedy organisation,
more particularly in view of the critical state of
our foreign relations as disclosed in the President's
message, which we have really, though not offici-
ally, read. While I believe that, I as firmly believe
that the only party which can save the country is
the Democratic party, and I believe that it is im-
portant to preserve it in its unity and its strength.
That was exhibited at the incoming of the present
Administration. I desire to say a word or two
upon that subject, and I shall have done.
Those gentlemen who are attempting here to
cast odium upon the present Administration, are
placing themselves in an unenviable attitude be-
fore the country, if not now, at least in days to
come. When this Administration came into
power, it found the Government, to use a common
expression, lying " loose all about." It found
every Department of it disorganized or unorgan-
ized. It found thirty six seerct inspectors of the
customs stalking the streets ofWashington upon a
salary of $100,000 in tiie aggregate, without any-
thing to do; it struck them off the list, and re-
organized every branch of the Government and of
the public seivice. Now, sir, you may come on
with your committees—I care not who appoints
them, even if he be the worst enemy of the Ad-
ministiv.i ion—and letthem go into their investiga-
tions. Those investigations will only show what
I have stated, that the Democratic party is the
only party that has ever ^hown its capacity to
administer properly the aifairs of this Govern-
ment. I only wish the Opposition would examine
the conduct and business of the various Depart-"
ments of this Government.
I, sir, have never asked anything at the hands
of this Administration. I have never hod any-
thing. J do not want anything. But when I see
