1356.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOB®.
34th Cong....1st Sess.
Kansas Contested Election—Mr. Purviance.
Ho. of Reps.
confirmation." In this case, the party who suc-
ceeded had sold the land for which ejectment was
brought, had received the purchase-money, had
participated in a partition recognizing the vendee,
and yet, without even beingrequired to tender the
"money received, was allowed to recover on the
ground declared in the opinion quoted. Estoppel
was not permitted to do its work, because fraud
had thrust it aside.
There is yet a third reason why estoppel has
no application to the present case: "A judgment
or decree, to operate as an estoppel, must he by
a competent court, on same subject, between same
parties, and for the same purpose.—4th Howard,
467.
The acts of Governor Reeder could not in the
least affect the rights of Delegate Reeder, and the
acts and declarations of neither can affect the
people of the Territory, who were not in any
"way parties to the proceedings which are con-
tended created the estoppel.
The power demanded rests upon great consti-
tutional principles, the only true basis of action
for the representatives of a free and enlightened
nation. Are we here for no other or higher pur-
pose than to play the lawyer in the settlement of
questions which pertain to the rights and liberties
of the freest people upon the face of the earth ?
The Constitution of the United States, which we
have sworn to support,makes us the judges of the
qualification of our own members, and of course
confers upon us the incidental power of perfecting
the duty assigned us.
Are our efforts to grapple the right and vindi-
cate the justice of this House to be met by the
Special pleading and hair-splitting distinctions
which run athwart the legal maxim " qui hxret
in litera, hceret in eortiee," a maxim which in-
culcates, even in courts of law, the doctrine of
liberal interpretation ?
Itis contended that the forum to determine upon
the validity of the election of representatives in
the Kansas Legislature, having passed upon the
question, it is to be regarded as an adjudication
of a court of competent jurisdiction, and therefore
cannot be collaterally inquired into by this House.
This, in the first place, assumes that we are sit-
ting as a court; and secondly, that our relation to
Kansas is that of one court to another. The an-
swer to the first of these positions is, that we are
sitting here as the constitutional guardians of the
Territories, having fall right and power to control
them as we may think proper; and to the second,
I answer, that if we are a court, we are the court
in which the proceedings originated, and there-
fore have the right to control our own acts, decrees,
andjudgments. The whole territorial machinery
of Kansas was put in motion by us, and from us
it derived its very existence, which, at our option,
may be perpetuated or entirely destroyed. We
can repeal tul her enactments, or nullify them, as
did the last Congress the Minnesota law granting
lands for certain enumerated purposes.
Our power and control are supreme to make all
'needful rules and regulations necessaryforits gov-
ernment. We are, then, the high court in which
'the proceeding commenced, and to exercise the
"unlimited control we possess, would be doing no
■more than is the legally-accredited right Of every
court to do with its own judgments and proceed-
ings. To judge of the qualification of our own
members, grasps at once the whole machinery of
territorial law. But we are met by the argument
that we cannot inquire into the validity of the
•territorial election-of representatives, because by
Tin act ef a former Congress, a barrier to this in-
vestigation lias been thrown in the way, and the
.Thirty-Fourth Congresshas been deprived, by the
Thirty-Third, from the discharge of a duty which
constitutionally belongs to us. I deny tne right
or power of the Thirty-Third Congress to do any-
thing which would in the least infringe upon tne
rights of the members of the present.
" The existence of a Territorial Legislature is
regarded as sufficient to preclude any inquiry into
-its organization. It is alleged they are a body
of usurpers; and yet it is gravely said the fact
of their assembling and sitting as a Legisla-
ture, constitutes them as such beyond impeach-
ment of their right. Suppose a body of men,
fey-force, eject us from our seats, and take our
places and proceed to make enactments; must
New Series—No. 11
these laws of a de facto Congress, at best, be rec-
ognized as obligatory upon the people ? Could
not the fact, even in a collateral proceeding, be
shown to destroy the validity of the alleged law?
The same usurping power which would give
them our seats, would enable them to make up a
regular record of their due election as members
of the House, by inserting in the certificates direct-
ed by law to be forwarded here, their names
instead of those of the regularly-elected Repre-
sentatives. How would the right of office be
determined in any other way than by proving by
parol testimony that the sitting members were
usurpers, and that the certificates and record
founded upon them were forgeries ? The ballot-
box at home, the tally-papers, the list of voters,
would, from necessity, have to be resorted to, to
test the fact in issue, to wit: "Who were the right-
fully elected members?"
Cromwell dissolved a Parliament, and had he
filled the displaced seats with his musketeers, their
acts, as between themselves and the Government
of England, could have been of no validity what-
ever until recognized by the people themselves;
and the highest character which international law
could confer upon such a body would be to treat it
as the Parliament defaelo in treaty arrangements,
and simply because, by the comity of nations,
we are not at liberty to go behind the record to
settle the disputed rights of sovereignty of foreign
Governments.
Again: suppose a body of Iowans enter the
Territory of Kansas, drive from the polls the
legal resident voters, substitute some of them-
selves as judges, elect frorii themselves represent-
atives for Kansas—how would our southern friends
view the question then ? How would they treat
a law passed by such a body , and especially if that
law should tread upon their sensitive toes, and
infringe upon their divine right, about which men
are not allowed to write, or even speak, under
pain of becoming felons ? In such a case, I almost
fancy I can hear the opinion of a Missouri judge,
which in part would read in this way: " The
high and sacred principle of popular sovereignty
which was conferred upon Kansas to form her
own laws, in her own way and by her own
people, has been invaded by an organized band
of border ruffians from Iowa, who are now sitting
as Representatives over the people of Kansas.
Their laws (as the body which produced them
have been proved to be usurpers) have no legal
validity in the State of Missouri." Although
you might be able to prove the fact, that not one
of the sitting members of the Territorial Legisla-
ture resided in Kansas; and although you could
prove their permanent residence in lowa, the
actual force,—nay more, sir, the acknowledg-
ment of every member, of all the facts of non-
residence and' usurpation,—are you to be told
that no such evidence could be received, because
it would be impugning by parol evidence a
record, or because it would be a collateral im-
peachment of a fact settled in another forum?
Would not your courts admit parol evidence to
show the whole in the same way that you would
to prove that a certified copy of a law was a
forgery? A displacement by usurpers of our
own seats in the morning, followed by the im-
mediate passage of a law, and the passage of
another, in direct conflict, by the rightful mem-
bers on the resumption of their seats on the same
day, would present a question of validity which
could not be determined upon the ground of one
repealing the other, as in law there are no frac-
tions of a day. By what legal mode could you
decide a question thus presented ? Certainly not
by inspection of the record alone, but only by
a full and clear examination of the question,
"Which was the lawful body?"which alone
could be done by a resort to the ballot-box, tally-
papers, &c., from which the power emanated.^
Suppose two Legislatures had convened in
Delaware on the same day, both claiming; to have
been legally elected, and they send two Senators
to Congress; how is the question to be decided ?
Can you decide it by inspection of the record ?
Jlot at all. You must seiid for persons and papers
and prove who were the duly-elected members of
the body before you can determine the ri^ht.
The right to examine into the returns of an
election goesheyond the adjudication of any inter-
vening forum which may be created by law. If
thi3 view of the subject be not the correct one,
then it is clearly within the power of a State or
Territory to first constitute a forum to settle cases
of contested elections in all cases, and then to
declare that such settlement shall be final and con-
clusive.
' The fallacy is the more apparent when we con-
sider that this would be the exercise of a power
on the part of a State or territorial government,
so far as the election of Federal officers is con-
tserned, not conferred upon them, but expressly
given by the organic law of the nation to the
respective Houses of Congress. The argument
is not in the least strengthened by the fact, that
the Thirty-Third Congress conferred the power
upon the Territory to enact the lavi under which
Cfeneral Whitfield claims to have been elected, as
the power to judge of the qualifications of our
own members is a higher power, which the -joint
, action of the two Houses, wearing even the shape
i fend solemnity of a law, cannot take away. This
' same act of Congress might have declared that
: the people of Kansas should elect, at a time and
places fixed, a Delegate to this House, the returns
of whose election should go to the President of
the United States, as the forum, or the arbiter, if
you chooBe, whose examination of the votes and
proclamation of election should be conclusive
evidence of said election; and yet, sir, where is
the higher voice of the Constitution itself, which
proclaims the right of the House to determine
upon the qualifications of its own members, which
gives them the control of the returns, ballot-boxes,
&c., and which puts it out of the power of the
Thirty-Third Congress to create a forum or arbiter
which would in the least interfere with our rights ?
I would ask the Democratic members of the House
if they would not, in the case put, set aside the
authority of the President, and go beyond his
adjudication of the question; and that, too, on the
ground that no intervening barrier to the full
exercise of our constitutional right can be inters
posed by any power but ourselves? This Hous«
might delegate to a forum, to be constituted as w«
might designate, all the power conferred upon us
as a House; as, for example, we might authorize
a committee to examine contested elections, and
make their report conclusive as to the subject-
matter submitted to them, but in no other case^
and in no other way, can our exclusive constitu-
tional right be abridged.
The constitution of Governor Reeder as the
forum to determine the question of who was and
who was not elected to the Kansas Legislature,
being by act of the Thirty-Third Congress, might
have, and possibly would have, been conclusive
on the right of the members of that body, on the
principle of res adjudieata, because of its being the
result of a delegation of authority from that body
of their constitutional power; but it is idle and
ridiculous to- say that it is binding on us and our
successors for all time to come. I assume the
high and commanding position, that no earthly
power but ourselves can prevent a full and free
examination into all the machinery of an election
of a Federal officer, commencing at the ballot-box,
and running down through the intervening form-
ula which may have been prescribed by State or
territorial law. The messengers or return judges
appointed to carry the returns to Governor
Reeder, forges them on the way, by inserting the
names of other and different persons—say resi-
dents of an adjoining State, to whom certificates
of election are issued. The body meets and
solemnly declare themselves the rightfully elected
members; and thus, according to the argument'of
honorable gentlemen, throw around thein coats of
; mail which cannot be successfuly assailed.
Gentlemen cannot be in earliest when they say
no inquiry can be had beyond the settlement or
the question by the forums referred to, the one
the defrauded and the other the defrauding party.
The people of Kansas, another party still mors
defrauded , must remain silent under this outrage,
and permit a body of nlen to assemble as their
legislators of whom they never heard, and for
whom they never voted. The sacred right of
representation by the sovereign will of the people
is to be disregarded and trampled under foot, and
laws passed which were uncalled for, and which,
for oppressiveness of .character, have no parallel
