1856.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
1771
this as an experiment. I will not further allude
to the report. IgfrSenators wish to have it read,
it can be done.
Mr. HUNTER. Let us hear it.
Mr. WADE. Let the report be read.
The Secretary read the following reports; •
Mr. Collamer made the following report. (To accompany
bill 3. No 327.)
The Committee on the Post Office and Post Roads, to whom
wad referred the memorial of Ithiel a. Richardson, and
also the memorial of Luther V. Bell, m relation to the
atmospheric telegraph, report:
From the examination which the committee have made,
and from the views expressed by the special committee to
whom thesubject was heretofore referred by the Senate, as
contained in their report made to the Senate by Mr. Mal-
loky, on the29th of June, 1854, we are of the opinion that
the atmospheric telegraph may be successfully used for the
safe and rapid conveyance of written or printed matter, with
a degree of dispatch almost infinitely exceeding any present
known mode of conveyance. This can never be perfectly
ascertained but by actual experiment on a scale large enough
for practical use, which we perceive no mode of effecting
but by the aid of Government. The small and limited ex-
periments of individuals m this country, and the more ex-
tended trials in Europe, have elicited such results a«, we
think, will justify a more definitive trial. We therefore rec-
ommend an appropriation to enable tiie Postmaster General
to put such experiment to the test of a full practical trial,
and, for that purpose, report the accompanying bill.
The report made in 1854, to which the commit-
tee refer, was read, as follows:
Mr. Mallory made the following report:
The special committee, to whom was referred the me-
morial of lthiei S. Richardson, upon the subject of Ins
proposed atmospheric telegraph, report:
That Ithiel S. Richardson has obtained letters patent
for what he denominates the "atmospheric telegraph," but
as these terms convey no distinct image to the mmd, and
but a very imperfect idea of the character and design of his
pioposilion, your committee will briefly state them.
The idea of moving a piston within an exhausted
cylinder by atmospheric pressure, and theieby transporting
letters, merchandise, and even persons, is not new, and
various experiments to attain this object have been made
within the last thirty or forty yeais.
In 1810, Mr. Medhurst, a Danish engineer, proposed to
carry letters and merchandise, by means of the rarefication
and compression of air, in a canal six feet high by five feet
wide, containing a road of stone oriroTi. He was succeeded
by the experiments of Mr. Pinkus, an American engineer;
and^bout thirty years ago, John Vallance, Esq., of Brighton,
('England,) took out a patent for a new method of canying
passengers ami freight, which attracted much attention and
speculation at the time, but winch was considered more
ingenious than practical. He proposed to construct fiom
town to town, throughout the United Kingdom, air-tight
cylinders of sufficient magnitude to enable ordinary wagons
and cars to pass through them upon rail tracks, by the
alternate rarefication and expansion of air.
Mr. Vallance seems to have constructed a model, and
with it some experiments were made ; but he probably real-
ized the immeasurable space which too often separates
theory fiom practice.
About the year 1838 public attention was arrested by the
successful experiment at ChaiUot (England) with the at-
mospheric railroad. Subsequently, about the year 1840, the
atmospheric railroad was established between Kingston and
Dalky, for the transportation of merchandise, passengeis,
&c., a distance of about thirty-five hundred yaids, and this
was followed by one in Prance.
Some ten years ago Mr. W. H. James, son of the Mr.
James so honorably identified with the origin of the British
lailroads, proposed a mode of carrying mails and small
packages through air-tight tubes by atmospheric pressure,
very similar to the plan under-consideration.
He proposes to have two tubular passages, or carriage
ways, ruumng parallel to each other from end to end of any
given distance. These tubular passages are to be placed
either above or below the surface of the ground, as found
most convenient, and to be constructed of metal, wood,
brick-work, or any other suitable material. At one term-
ination of these tubular passages, and between them, there,
is to be fixed an air-exhausting and forcing machine, con-
nected by means of curved tubes with each of the tubular
passages; which machine is to be actuated by a steam-
engine or any other suitable and competent power, and so
arianged that when put in motion it may cause the air to
flow from one passage into the other with very great ra-
pidity. A similar machine is to be placed at the other term-
ination of the tubular passages, and connected thereto
and worked in the same manner; or intermediate machines
may be employed, if found necessary, so as to produce an
extremely rapid and "continuous current of air in both di-
rections throughout the whole distance. The vessels or
carnages for containing the letters or parcels to be tians-
mitted, are to consist of spherical-shaped vehicles or bags
formed of caoutchouc, or other suitable materials, and are
to be so constructed as to be perfectly elastic, and to retain
their shape independently of what they contain, and capa-
ble of being beaten or bujfeted about iike a foot-ball or box-
ing-glove without injury 5 being of the least possible weight,
and having at the same time the requisite strength. It is
further proposed that these spherical bags or letter-carriages
should be about fifteen inches diameter when the tubular
passages are about eighteen inches, and that each shall
contain only about a hundred letters at a time, so as to have
great surface in proportion to weight. It is imagined that,
on being introduced into the current ot air, they will be
carried forward, one after the other, like so many small
balloons m a strong gale of wind, without, perhaps, even
rolling against or touching the inner circumference of the
tubular passages.
The distinction between this method and that of Mr.
Richardson is not one of principle, but of detail; but this
distinction scorns to involve the impracticability of the one.
and the practicability 01 the other; while m Mr. James's
plan the letters enveloped 111 spheroid caoutchouc bags of a
diameter three inches less than that ofthetuhe through which
they pass, leaving theieby & clear space upon all sides oj an
inch and a half for a free passage of air. Mr. Richardson's
plunder exactly conforms to the tube, and admits not the pas-
sage of air beyond it.
These various propositions are all based upon certain well-
established facts and principles.
The atmosphere presses with equal intensity in all direc-
tions, whether on vertical or horizontal surfaces. And this
pressure may be taken to be equal to fourteen and three
quarter pounds to the square inch.
If wc place upon the ground a tube of uniform diameter,
open at both extremities, and accurately adjust within it a
piston capable of sliding in either direction, the piston of
course remains stationary, the atmospheric pressure upon
its surfaces being equal, feut if we insert and confine the
piston at one end, and by means of an air pump at the other,
exhaust the tube, the piston, upon being released, will pass
through the tube at a speed equal to about (633) six hun-
dred and thirty-five miles per hour, modified by its weight
and friction.
Partial exhaustion would reduce this velocity; and if we
insert the piston at one end, leaving it free to act, and work
the air-pump at the other, the piston will move after a very
slight rarefication, dependent, as before stated, upon its
weight and friction.
When the operation is performed in this manner, the air-
pump has the control of the plunger's momentum, and may
check or accelerate it at pleasure by the aid of a valve
in the tube ; and the pump, by exhausting the air in front
of the advancing plunger, seems, m fact, to be drawing it
onward, rather than clearing the way for the pressure of
the following atmosphere.
Mr. Itichard&on exhibits a very beautiful model of his tel-
egiaph, which has been for some weeks past in one of the
committee-rooms of the Senate for inspection, and which
your committee has frequently and carefully examined. It
consists of a horizontal tube of one inch clear diameter, one
half of which is straight, while the other hall contains
curves, designed to lepre&eat the sinuosities of tiie tube pass-
ing over uneven ground. One small air-pump, placed near
its center, and communicating with either end of it, ex-
hausts it at pleasure from left 10 light, or from right to left.
A piston, or plunger, throe inches long, and fitting the tube
loosely, but followed by several detached disks, or washers
of leather, which accurately fit it, is inserted in one end of
the tube, sepaiated by a cut-off; and a few strokes of the
pump produce in the tube a partial vacuum. The cut-offis
then reversed, and the pluuger set free on the side of the
vacuum, relieved from the resistance of the air in the tube,
and, propelled alone by the pressure of the atmosphere,
passes through itin a time unappreciable by ordinaiy means.
The cut-off may be dispensed with ; for if the plunger, with
its miniature mail-bag attached, be placed in one end of the
tube, and the pump be worked, it will move (supposing an
absence of weight and friction) with the first stroke of the
pump, which destroys the equilibrium between the internal
and external atmosphere; and the degree of exhaustion ne-
cessary to pioduce this momentum must depend upon the
weight and friction of the plunger and its attachments.
This model works admirably; and, without going into
details of its construction, it seems to have overcome.all
diijiculties, and some which have been long supposed insuper-
able in the practicable operations of the " atmospheric tele-
giaph."
A mercurial barometer, whose base connects with the
interior of the tube, instantly exhibits the changes in the
rarefication of the air within it, produced by every stroke
of the air-pump; and this device is useful, enabling us to
perceive at a glance how slight a rarefication of the atmos-
phere witlim the tube causes the piston, or plunger, with its
" mail-bag," to move forwards.
Whatever differences of opinion may exist as to the prop-
erties of our atmosphere, its ongin, its utmost limits fiom
the earth, its laws of motion and expansion, sufficient reli-
able data are established to enable us to airive at correct
conclusions with reference to the principles involved in tins
proposition.
The density of the atmosphere decreases as we ascend
from the earth, and whatever the height may be, we know
that its pressure or weight on a square inch of surface, is
capable of supporting a column in the barometer tube about
30 inches high; and as mercury weighs 13,580 ounces or
848% pounds avoirdupois to the cubic foot, a simple piopo-
sition, 1728 : 488& : : 30, gives 14.73 or 14% pounds, as the
pressure of the atmosphere on every square inch of surface.
Now, as mercury is about 10,800 times heavier than our
air at the sui lace ot the earth of medium density, a col-
umn of such air of equivalent weight to the atmospheric
column would be 10,800 times 30 inches, which is about
27,000 feet. If we suppose a column of aeriform fluid of
this height to rest 011 a huge exhausted receiver, as soon as
a communication is formed between both, this tall column
will force the air next the receiver, in with a velocity equal
to that acquired by a body falling half the height of the fluid
column, (as is supported by writers on natural philosophy;)
hence, an atmospheric column (whatever height it may be)
will force the air at the surface of the earth into an ex-
hausted receiver with this velocity. Now, a body m fall-
ing 13,500, the half of 27,000, feet, will acquire, by the force
of gravity, 932 feet at the last of its fall. This we easily
found by dividing 13,500 by J6>£, the fall in one second, the
square root of the quotient gave nearly 29 seconds as the
time of falling; this time at the rate of 321-6 of an increase
of velocity per second gives the above. Nine hundred and
thirty-two feet per second is 635 miles per hour, as 932 by
3,600 and divided by 5,2d0,gives 635.
Assuming, then, that the tube is thoroughly exhausted
and the closely fitting plunger permitted to pass through it
unresisted and free, and without weight or friction, by
atmospheric pressure, it would preseive a uniform velo-
city throughout its whole extent of six hundred and thirty-
five miles per hour. ...
But in practice, a perfect vacuum is neither possible nor
desirable; and it is believed that a degree of exhaustion,
very easily attainable, will be amply sufficient for the
accomplishment of a speed and power equivalent to the
piopulsion of fifty tons two hundred miJea per hour.
The ordinary pressure of our atmosphere, as we have
seen, may be taken at fourteen and three foui ths pound* to
the ^square inch ; but wind, which is but atmosphere in
motion, acts with a force dependent upon its velocity.
When moving at thirty-five mih-s an hour, it exerts a force
of six pounds 011 each square foot of an oDstruoting surface;
at fifty miles an hour (the„speed of an ordinary tempest) a
force of twelve and one third pounds; and at one hundied '
miles (the hurrieane'srate) forty-nme and one tinrd pound*.
The weight of our atmosphere being found equal to that
of a column of thirty inches of mercury, it follows that, at
the hurncaije velocity and pressure of forty-nine and one
third pounds per square foot, the exhaustion or rarefication
indicated by the mercurial gauge would only be about two
thirds of an inch; and this result, we Jind} accords with the
actual observations upon hurricanes.
With these and other established data before us, we can
approximate at least the degree of exhaustion of the tubs
necessary to cause a current of air to pass through it with
twice or three times the velocity of a hurricane.
In addition to the model to which your committee has
referred, Mr. Richardson has tested the working and capa-
city of his telegraph by laying down a tube one mile long,
of three inches clear diameter, and following the elevations
and depiessions of an ordinary ungraded field: and he has
produeed.numerous certificates, from highly scientific and
reliable souices, of its accurate performance and entire
success. The certificates all say that the mile was trav-
ersed by the piston or plunger, to which was attached a
weight of several pounds, 111 less than " a minutebut it is
understood that the time was much less than this, and that
this expression was used as a maximum, and to preserve
uniformity ih the certificates.
Your committee do not deem it necessary to present, in
this report, all the details which have determined its judg-
ment; but the relation which the atmospheric pressure, of
which it has spoken, bears to the weight to be moved and
its velocity, is too important to pass entirely unnoticed.
It is found, upon level, raihoads, that eight pounds pressure
moves a ton m weight.
Now, the piston 24 inches in diameter, would expose
452 square inches of surface to be operated upon, by an
atmospheric pressure of pounds to the inch, equal to
0,667 pounds. And hence the moving power of the atmos-
phere upon the weight expressed in tons, would be as 8 to
6,6Q7, or a moving force of 833 ions, on the supposition that
friction would not interfere.
Many practical difficulties and objections will doubtless
develop themselves whenever the atmospheric telegraph
shall be established upon a large scale; such, for ex-
ample, as wastage of power in the air-pumps, the wear
and tear in the mail-bags, pistons, and interior surface of
the tubes, by high velocities, the admission of air ia the
tubes, the effects of climate upon them, the expense of
establishing them, &c., &c.; but your committee, after
weighing these and other objections winch have been sug-
gested, deem it pioper to recommend an appropriation,
small m comparison with the national mteiests involved m
its success, to test us utility and capacity.
It is deemed expedient that the experiment should be
made for a short distance upon an established mail route,
m order that, if succcssful, it might constitute a part of a
more extended work; and your committee has been dis-
posed to preset ibe a direct line between Washington and
Baltimore. It has, therefore, concluded to leave the ques-
tion to the Postmaster General, and report a bill accordingly.
Et is impossible to foreshadow the multiplied and incal-
culable advantages which will result from such a mail
carrier as Mr. Richardson's proposition discloses.
All the business pursuits and habits of our country were
radically changed by the introduction of railroads.
Not only do we find men, whose ancestors for genera- '
tions never traveled beyond their native counties, parsing
from State to State in the daily transaction of their affairs,
identifying themselves with the various sections of the
Union, and bringing it together by the muhiphmg bonds of
mutual confidence, pursuits, and self-interests, but under
the railroad's fruitful developing and creative influence, we
find the pathless forest of the West, the rich river lands of
the South, and the cold granite hills of the North, yielding
vast treasures hitherto locked in their unyielding grasp, to
anee, happy, and prosperous people. We find new States
springing into existence at the call of the steam whistle;
and in the train of the resistless iron horse, the people and
the products of distant, widely-separated lands mingle
together m the commercial marts of our country.
The hand of an all-wise Providence, guiding and con-
trolling the destinies of men and nations by his inscrutable
laws, enabled us to devise, in a happy moment, those iron
links of brotherhood, the physical bonds without which
our widely extended and extending Republic could hardly
continue its beautiful, liappv, and glorious unity.
But railroads proved too slow for our progress; and the
magnetic telegraph came to our aid in the abolition of time
and space for which the age seems to be struggling.
It was but yesterday, as it -were, that the genius of Morse
! gave us the telegraph, and enabled us to write with a long
pen from one city of the Union to the oilier: and though it
was received at first with doubt, liav, with derision, it is
now one of the great facts, as well as one o£the necessities
of the age. . . ,
At this moment, when every man seems to be a special
competitor against time, when mammon is in the ascend-
ent, and the dictum, that" tune is money," impresses itself
upon all the affairs of life, when hours, minutes, and sec-
onds, are pounds, shilling?, and pence, Mr. Richardson's
proposition comes upon us to supply a link which is con-
fessedly wanting. ^ _
It was but yesterday, as it were, that a speed beyond fif-
teen miles per hour upon railways, or beyond seven miles
by ocean steam navigation, and the transmission of intelli-
gence by means of electric currents, beyond a single mile,
were denounced by philosophers, and proved by mathemat-
icians, to be the chimeras of the diearner; and yet our
Union is reticulated and clamped together by railways,
whose moral power transcends that ot laws and constitu-
tions—and upon which thousands are hourly demonstrat-
