THE CONGBESSIONAL GLOBE.
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN C. RIVES, WASHINGTON, D. C.
Thirty-Fourth Congress, 1st Session.
WEDNESDAY, APRIL 16, 1856.
New Series No. 57,
decision, the Chair is informed, is according to
the practice of the House. If the committee be
not satisfied with it, the gentleman from Ken-
tucky can take an appeal, and let the decision be
reversed.
Mr. H. MARSHALL. I did not know that
the Chair had made that decision. I do not care
to take an appeal.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman from Penn-
sylvania [Mr. Covode] moves to strike out the
residue of the appropriation. That is an amend-
ment to the amendment of the gentleman from
Virginia, [Mr. McMulust,] and is in order.
Mr. READS. It was myself who made the
point of order. I care nothing about it, unless
that I think if wc have rules they ought to be
observed. With due deference to the Chair, I
suggest, that the point of order which I raised does
not seem to have been understood. The first point
was, that the gentleman now moves an amend-
ment while an amendment is still pending, and he
proposes to discuss his motion before the vote on
the pending amendment has been taken. Now, I
submit that that is out of order. The motion must
be first put to the committee and voted on. He
has the right to oppose the amendment made on
the other side, if he choose, and when that is
voted on he will have a right to move his amend-
ment. 4
Mr. COYODE. 1 will yield the floor for the
purpose of having a vote taken on the amendment
of the gentleman from Virginia, and then I will
claim the floor on my own motion.
Mr. FLORENCE. Then, I suppose it is in
order for me to make a few remarks, in opposi-
tion to the amendment of my friend from Vir-
ginia, [Mr. McMullin.]
The CHAIRMAN. Yes.
Mr. FLORENCE. I am opposed altogether
to his reasoning. It seems to me that the gentle-
man should have talked about the propriety of
letting out the work by contract before we took
the initiative about building this work.
Mr. McMULLIN. Sol did.
Mr. FLORENCE. Well, perhaps so. I have
no doubt of it. I have always been opposed to
the Government resorting to contract work of any
character; and 1 think that the experience of the
Government will justify this House, or any other
body, in refusing to direct the Government to con-
tract for any supplies. I am for open purchases.
I am for building vessels of war in the navy-
yards, and ail other vessels used by the Govern-
ment. It has been the experience of the Govern-
ment that, in the purchase or building of vessels
of war, revenue cutters, or any other vessels for
the purposes or uses of the Government, the
Government has been always cheated. That is,
perhaps, a rather haish and severe word; but
that is the experience which Government has
reached in these matters.
These works, for the introduction of water into
the District of Columbia, are being constructed
with a view to their perpetuity. They will re-
'quire, perhaps, little or no repairs. They will
not need the supervision of Government officers,
as suggested by the gentleman from Virginia;
and hence there will be very little expense at-
tending them. Further than that, sir, it is said*—
I do not for a moment suppose that honorable
gentlemen here are influenced by outside pressure,
or by any applications made to them by persons
who desire to be interested in the construction of
this work; but it is said—and I suppose with
some truth too—that a great deal of the opposi-
tion manifested, and a great deal of the prejudice
excited against the proper construction of these
works, has been produced by parties outside of
this House.
A Member. By whom?
Mr. FLORENCE. I do not know who they
are.
Mr. SAPP. The influence is all one way. _
Mr. FLORENCE. Itis said, and forcibly;said,
that prejudice has been excited against this ap-
propriation, and against this work, by that sort
of influence.
57
Mr. FLAGLER. What sort of influence?
Who says so ?
Mr. FLORENCE. By the influence of con-
tractors, who have falsified the character of the
work—of contractors who have instituted a con-
trast between this and similar works for the in-
troduction of water. They have endeavored to
impress upon the minds of members, that these
works are not being properly or strongly con-
structed.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. And were
they not right in that?
Mr. FLORENCE. No, in my judgment, they
were not right; and I believe—indeed I know—
that an examination of these works, so far as
their construction has progressed, will negative
any attacks that have been made upon them, and
any base insinuations going to prove that the
works are not fully adequate to the purposes for
which they are being constructed. I have the
favorable judgment and opinion of experienced
engineers, who are not interested, and who have
examined similar works. I am first, last, and
always, for the introduction of water into the
District of Columbia.
The question was taken on Mr. McMullin's
amendment; and it was not agreed to.
Mr. STEWART. I move to amend, in order
to be rectus in curia, by adding $5,000 to the pro-
posed appropriation. I have listened very atten-
tively to the suggestions that have fallen from
members on different sides of the House in regard
to this appropriation, and I am not satisfied that
this House would be justified, under the circum-
stances, in voting against this proposition. The
gentleman—my friend from Virginia, [Mr. Mc-
Mullin]—who suggested an amendment anterior
to this, takes ground not against the propriety of
this work, but against the mode of construction.
He thinks that, instead of having this work pro-
gress under the control and authority of the Gov-
ernment, it would be better to have it put up to
the lowest bidder, and done by contract. Now,
I agree with my friend from Pennsylvania, [Mr.
Florence,] that if, in the judgment of Congress,
this work is necessary, it is better to have it con-
structed under the supervision of the Government
than to have it put up and done by contract.
Gentlemen, it appears to me, arc under a misap-
prehension in regard to this whole question.
Why, is it not manifest that, under the Constitu-
tion of the United States, the Congress of the
United States have the exclusive jurisdiction over
the ten miles square? If it be nccessary for the
comfort and convenience of the Government and
of the officers stationed here, that this city should
be supplied with water, are we to take into con-
sideiation the amount of the expense?
If it be necessary—if it is dccided to be indis-
pensably necessary, then this House should not
hesitate a moment to make the appropriations
necessary to supply the city with water.
The amendment proposed by the gentleman
from Georgia, [Mr. Crawford,] provided that
the corporations of Washington and George-
town should pay for a portion of the work. Sir,
what have we to do with them? Is it proposed
that this Federal Government should become con-
nected in partnership with the cities embraced
within the limits of this District? 1 doubt very
much the correctness of that policy. Why, sir,
if it is decided that the work shall go on, and it is
deemed necessary and proper that the property
of the citizens of Washington and Georgetown
should be taxed to defray a portion of the ex-
penses, there is a power in this Congress to tax
the property of the citizens of the District for
that purpose. But to make the voluntary pay-
ment of a portion of the necessary amount for
the completion of the work, a condition precedent
to the completion of the work itself, would, if
the judgment of the House is that the work is
necessary, certainly be an improper course of j
policy. 1 repeat, sir, that, if the House considers j
the work necessary, and if it considers it to be i
equitable and right that the property-holders of t
the city should be taxed for that purpose, the '
power is vested in Congress to impose such taxes
as they may think proper upon the holders of
property within the city limits.
But I am surprised that there should be grave
objections raised upon the part of any gentleman
who considers the construction of the work im-
portant, upon the ground that the citizens of the
District are not called upon to contribute a portion
of the expense. Why, sir, is a great Government
like this, extending over thirty-odd States, from
Maine to California, desiring that those engaged
in the transaction of the public business snould
be made as comfortable as possible, to be con-
trolled for a moment in carrying out a great mea-
sure for the accomplishment of that object by the
consideration that the private property-holders of
the District are to derive a benefit from the work,
while wo incur no inconvenience from it?
Suppose a man owned a spring from which his
neighbors derived benefit, and suppose he were
to undertake to tax them for the benefit they de-
rived, would he not be considered as wanting in
all the attributes which characterize good citizcns
and neighbors? I say, then, that, if this work is
d-eemcd to be necessary, it is proper that we
should at once make the appropriation required
to complete it.
Mr. SAPP. I am opposed to the amendment of
the gentleman from Maryland, [Mr. Stewart.]
In the first place, I am not hostile to supplying the
public buildings and the public grounds, and the
citizens of the cities of Washington and George-
town with areasonablo quantity ofwater;but, Mr.
Chairman, the amount of water which it is pro-
posed to introduce, and the expense which it is pro-
posed to incur, is, to my mind, monstrous—it is
enormous. In the first place, I would call the atten-
tion of the committee to a report made by Colonel
Hughes, who is vouched for by Captain Meigs,
I believe, and others, as a competent engineer,
and well qualified to perform the important duty
devolved upon him. In making a survey, he re-
ports that he can bring water from Rock creek
sufficient to supply the citizens of Washington
and Georgetown, with a population of two hun-
dred thousand inhabitants, and the public build-
ings and grounds, for the sum of $500,000.
Here, too, is aproposition made by Messrs. Lem-
raon &. Co., during the last session of Congress,
in which they agree to bring the requisite quan-
tity of wa*er to supply the cities of Washing-
ton and Georgetown, with a population of two
hundred thousand, una the public buildings and
grounds, for the sum of $1,000,000, and insure it
for five years. Now, here is the consideration
which governs and controls me: this thing of
going to an expense of £4,000,000 or $5,000,000
for the purpose of biinging water here, when it
can bo done for one fifth of that sum, is, as it
seems to me, entirely unnecessary and nnreason-
able. I say that this expenditure of the people's
money by this or any other Congress is not
authorized. It is to be remembered that the
present population of the citics of Washington
and Georgetown is only about ono hundred
thousand.
Again, sir, what security have you that the
amount of money which you propose to appro-
pi iate will be properly applied for this purpose ?
It has been remarked that Captain Meigs was
well qualified for the discharge of the important
duties which devolved upon him in connection
with these works. Now, let me tell you what
Captain Meigs himself says in his report:
" I ought, perhaps, to apologize' for the length to which
this report 1ms extended. My studio, until this duty was
assigned me, had been tinned m a different ditection. I
could point to no great work whose eonsuueuon by myself
would give me the right to speak with authority on such a
subject, and I have felt obliged to give in detail the facts
and the reasons from which I have lormed my opinions."
Here is an acknowledgment upon the part of
the man employed to take charge of this work,
that he has had no experience m works of this
kind. And you propose to place this enormous
sum of money in his hands without security from
him as to its proper application. I do not mean
to cast any imputation upon the honesty of
