162
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[March 13,
34th Cong....1st Sess.
Kansas Contested Election—Mr. Purviance.
Ho. of Reps.
ih the history of tyranny itself!—and yet, sir,
we are gravely told that the act of Governor
Reeder, a defrauded party, coupled with the act
of the defrauding party, the latter confirming their
own forgeries ana invasion, are to be regarded as
a res adjudicata, which cannot be inquired into by
this House, underthe all-controlling constitutiona
not willing to allow his constitutional rights to be
evaded by the machinery of a State law, however
solemn and imposing its character might be. He
broke through the paper wall, and went directly
I to the people, and assumed the right to do so, be-
cause of the broad and comprehensive meaning of
' the word " returns," of wnich he was to judge,
power which we possess of determining the quali- ij Unwilling to allow the arbitrament of this great
locations of our own members. !j political question to be settled for him, he chose
We have been told by the honorable gentleman to settle it for himself by going to the fountain-
from Georgia [Mr. Stephens] that no case of jihead—the ballot-box—and, if necessary, counting
the kind can be found in England or this coun- the votes there deposited.
try of any such interference with the law of the The case of Spaulding and Mead, of Georgia,
forum. Where the law of the forum is the sov- is also directly in point. By the law of Georgia
ereign power, the applicability of the position, at the returns were required to" be made to the Gov-
least to some extent, may be assumed as true; ernor within a ccrtain time, upon which he was
but when th$ law of the forum is a subordinate j j to issue the commissions. The votes of three
power, and controlled, as in the present instance, [ J counties remained out beyond the designated
by the supreme constitutional power reposed in j j period, and the Governor gave the commission
us, i deny its force. England, having no territo- j i to Mead, who was highest in vote without the
rial questions to settle, would be, of course, with-j j excluded counties. This forum, appointed and
out precedents on a question of the kind; but 1 |, declared as such by the law of Georgia, had set-
maintain that the United States afford us numer- ! | tied and determined the question, and duly certi-
'■ fied that determination to this House; and yet
; this House, in vindication of its own constitu-
1 tional right, promptly declared its right to go be-
1 hind the State adjudication, as the word "returns"
ous ones covering the whole ground,and beyond
the power of argument to answer. The New Jer-
sey case is first in order. Five members of Con-
gress present themselves, with all the record evi-
dence—certificates of return, and Governor's com-
mission under the broad seal of the State—and
ask for admission to their seats. -The State law
had prescribed the forum which was empowered
to settle the question, at least prima facie, as to
who were duly elected. This forum had heard
the case, and pronounced its judgment, and then
clothed that judgment with the solemn confirm-
ation of commission, attested by the broad seal
of the State. To all -intents and purposes they
■were to be regarded as the members duly entitled 1
to their seats until, at least, a better right could be
Bhown, or until their seats should be vacated by ,
showing they were not entitled to hold them. On
their way to Washington, by the laws of the land
they were the recognized members of the body,
and privileged from arrest; their franking privi-
lege commenced prior to the meeting of Congress;
their certificates of return as members were filed
in the archives of the office here; and yet, sir,
they were not even permitted to take their seats,
to be subjected to after contest, but were set aside
upon the calling of the roll. Although eloquent
appeals were made—and, amongst the rest, one
by the Hon. John Sergeant, from Pennsylvania—
calling upon this House to respect the solemnity
of State adjudication, it was disregarded by the
House, and certificates, commissions, and all, set
aside. Now, what was the view of the question
involved at that time by Virginia, as ready to
assert the doctrine of State rights as any other
State in this Union? She then spoke through
one of her talented sons, the Hon. Mr. Drom-
goole. [Mr. Smith, of Virginia, rose to say that j
that was not the voice of Virginia, and desired -
that this denial should go out with the speech of !
the gentleman from Pennsylvania.] I say, Vir-
ginia spoke through her talented son; and I have
a right to say that Virginia acquiesced, because
the doctrine of that distinguished gentleman was
acquiesced in by his colleag ues; at least, no speech
that I have found from Virginia at that time called
it in question. Now, sir, what was the doctrine
asserted by Mr. Dromgoole ? Hear his language:
" He should like to know from any member of that bodv
where it a he finds any authority for the assumption, that
the House of RepresentaUves could not go behind tlie com-
TUS?* ,,he .Go:er°°.r of New Jersey,"with the great
of the fctate, in deciding upon the election returns and
qualifications of its members? He contended the word
returns earned with it every question connected with the
f v tUlJlOi
Again he says:
"Gentlemen seemed to have great fears about going into
conflict with the laws of a State, but said there are deei™
Jh Sj£,^VSJ?°?.se w.hlc*>' finding State laws standing in
the way of the Constitution, have set them aside: and this
" not 8°>ng '"to conflict with the laws of a State, but merely
•Stution  6m 1186 11187 41(1 not conform to the Con-
_ Although, sir, I condemn the act of setting
these members aside, and refusing them the right
to take their seats upon the strong prima fitcie
evidence which they produced, I most heartily
concur in the force of the principle vindicated by
the honorable gentleman from Virginia. He was,
doubtless, a statesman of enlarged views, and was
comprehended all the votes, whether counted or
not.
In the case of Barney, of Maryland, a law of
that State was set aside because it made a resi-
dence necessary which was not required by the
Constitution.
In the recent case settled in the other end of the
Capitol—I mean the contested election of Senator
Trumbull—the organic law of Illinois has been i
completely nullified. The constitution of that I
State, it seems, renders the holding or election to
1 two offices, State or national, at the same time,
j incompatible,and declaring ineligibility for a year
j after the expiration of the term for which he had
been first elected; and further declaring that the
votes cast for him under such circumstances, for
the second office, shall not be counted, but declared
entirely void. The Senate of the United States
decided that Illinois had no power to interfere
with the qualifications of members of that body,
and set aside or—in the language of Mr. Drom-
goole—merely passed it by as it comes in conflict
with the Constitution of the United States.
There are other cases in which the same prin-
ciple has been settled, which I shall not trouble
the House with now, being unable to do so within
the time assigned me.
The importance which has been given in this
debate to the doctrine of res adjudicata,, found no
response from gentlemen in past Congresses, and
until now, was regarded by the professed friends
of State rights, as a direct infringement of a long-
fixed and cherished principle.
The State regulations, with regard to the elec-
tion of Federal officers, constitute forums as abso-
lute in their powers as any which could have been
created _ through the intervention of Governor
Reeder in Kansas. The return judges meet in a
congressional district, first in the several counties,
and declare the vote to be in a certain way in that
county. This is a forum, and this counting the
votes, and making outand signingcertificates, is an
adjudication. The judges from the several counties
of the district meet, and again compare the votes,
and settle upon the candidates having the highest,
to whom they issue a certificate, send another to
the seat of government of the State, and a third
to the Clerk of the House of Representatives of
the^ United States. This is a second forum, and
their decision res adjudicata, in the common ac-
ceptation of members on the other side of the
House. The Governor, on the certificate filed
among the archives of the State, issues his proc-
lamation, announcing that certain persons have
been duly elected members of Congress This
vitiates ab initio, all the structure erected upon it
must fall.
In that case res adjudicata was disregarded, and
the most solemn decision of one court disregarded
by another, on the ground that the original fraud
prevented the intervening adjudication from op-
erating as a bar.
■In the case of The United States us. The Amis-
tad, the decision of the Spanish authorities on the
question of right of property involved, sustained
by the sanctity of official records, was set aside
on the ground of fraud, and the res adjudicata of
a foreign Government thrown aside by an inquiry
of matters of fact behind the record.
But it is necessary, further, to prove that Indians
were allowed to vote, and that the place of hold-
ing the Legislature was removed from one place
to another, unless these facts are admitted. This
proof must first be had, upon which to present the
argument, at least as to the latter point. The in-
validity of the law which undertakes to create a
rule of citizenship outside of the Constitution
must be apparent to all; and I understand the
honorable gentleman [Mr. Phelps] admits that
by a treaty one tribe of Indians were made citi-
zens. In the first place I deny any such right in
the treaty-making power of the United States. It
is only by naturalization—and that, too, under a
uniform rule prescribed by the Constitution—that
citizens can be made. But the principal objection
to the law is, that it allows all Indians the right
to vote, subject only to the qualifications which
the act itself provides—a stretch of power unheard
of, and meriting the unqualified condemnation of
Congress. The question of removal of the Le-
gislature from one place to another admits of this
view.
The Territory is the creature of the organic
law which controls it; whilst a State Legislature,
or the Congress of the nation, are bodies of sov-
ereign powers, and may move from place to place
without having any one to question their right
to do so. The very act of Congress moving to
Philadelphia, or the Legislature of Georgia mov-
ing from place to place, were acts which they
had a right to do, as no higher power was there
to gainsay it; but not so of a Territory; it moves
within the sphere assigned it by the power which
created and controls it. There are considerations
bearing upon the invalidity of the territorial law,
requiring evidence of certain facta for their proper
consideration.
_ The right to go or not to go to Kansas, is out-
side of the present question. All have a right
to go, and whether they go singly or in bodies,
by their own or the means of others, cannot in
the least affect the right. The State of Georgia,
recently, by a vote of forty to sixty, rejected a
proposition to aid southern emigrants to Kansas;
and what if they had passed it; and what if they
had gone in a body, and labeled their boxes and
trunks " Georgia Emigrant Society," would the
North have threatened to intercept them on their
way to their newly-chosen home ? No, sir; let
them go in peace, one by one, or by tribes, as in
olden time, and settle and cultivate the land
third forum has discharged its duties; and yet all
these are setaside, and are not permitted to stand
the way of our constitutional right to settle
and determine the qualifications of our own mem-
bers.
The case of Jackson vs. Summerville, in Penn-
sylvania, to which I have referred in that part of
my remarks which relates to the legal argument,
displaced the law of th3 forum by the original
trauu being shown, and on the principle that fraud
which belongs to us in common—subject only to
the constitutional right of the whole people to
regulate and control the territorial government as
they may think best.
Between the resident settlers of Kansas there
is no conflict. The representation is, that the
.territory is invaded by organized bodies of men
from adjoining States, who come into the Terri-
tory and vote, and then return. Nay, more, sir;
that thev prevent the resident voters from exer-
cising the dearest rights of freemen, and usurp
that right themselves. I speak not of history,
although it is replete with evidence, if reliable, of
tne most unprecedented outrages upon popular
rights ever heard of in a civilized community,
j history, however, which asserts it; the memorial
: of Governor Reeder, which declares it; the well-
authenticated fact that Kansas is involved in trou-
bles—all must tend strongly to convince the mem-
bers of this House that a state of things does exist
in that infant Territory to call for and require legis-
ative interposition. If the state of troubles has
been such as to have deterred the resident voters
from the quiet and peaceable exercise of the elect-
ive franchise, and Kept them from the polls, it
would of course invalidate the election; and this,
