1772
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 25,
ing thP philosopher's error; and by magnetic wires, wherein
trutii uut-tnp-, not only tiic matnematician's calculations,
but evil the lightning, and beats tune itself.
The mail between Washington and New York is now
carried upon raiboads m twelve houis It your committee
do not «reatly eir, the same mails may be earned between
thei-f cities in two hours, by the piopo^ed atmo^phuuc tele-
graph, and the expenditure now necessary for the trans-
mit-ion of one >et of mails wtfuld enable the Post Office
Department to send six tots of mails every twelve hours.
The impure whieh tvuch a frequent, rapid, and ceitdin
deliveiy os' the mails between distant points would give to
all the business of the country, is incalculable; operating
with as much safety and unerring certainty in night as in
daylight; unaffected by change^ of reasons or weather,
and exempt trom liability to tho&e mischances, accidents,
and dela>s> which are daily retarding the delivery of the
mails tlnoughout the country, the atmospheric telegraph
spem& destined to become the exclusive mail carrier ot' the
age.
PRIVATE CALENDAR.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The hour
for the consideration of the special order has ar-
rived, and u must be taken up, unless otherwise
directed by the Senate. The special order is the
business on the Private Calendar.
The first bill m the order of business is the bill
foi the relief of Obed Husscy.
Mi. HUNTER. I move to postpone that
bill until next Friday. The Senator from Mis-
sissippi, [Mr. Brown,] and the Senator from
Michigan, [Mr. Stuart,] who have taken an in-
terest in the matter, are absent.
The motion was agreed to.
The next bill on the Calendar was the bill (S.
No 304) for the relief of Hiram Moore and
John LLiscall, or their legal representatives,
which, on motion of Mr. Hunier, was post-
poned until next Friday.
GEORGE ivl. GORDON.
The next bill on the Calendar was the bill (S.
No. 3x2) reported from the Committee on Public
Lands, to verft the title to certain warrants for
li'.nd in George M. Gordon.
Mr. BENJAMIN. 1 objected lo the passage
of that bill In fore, and it wax postponed in con-
sequence of the absence of the Senator from
Michigan, [Mr. Stuart,] who reported it. I
now move that it be postponed until next Friday.
The motion was agreed to.
J. E. MAltTlN.
The bill (S. No. 3:23) for_ the relief of J. E.
Martin, was read a second time, and considered
as m Commitree of the Whole. It proposes to
duect the Secretary or the Treasury to pay to J.
E. Martin , late ucnng consul of the United States
;it Lisbon, foi diplomatic servurs tendered by
him .as charge d'ail'aires at that place, from the
recall of Mr. Clay, July 19,1850, to the arrival of
Mr. Haddock, lu>* successor, on the lijf h of J une,
}S«)1  $"2,0 VI 3;2, being- one half of the salary of a
charge d'affaires, and in full for ail such service
for the period named.
Air. 11UNTER. I ask the chairman of the
Committee on Foreign Relations if ihisgentleman
was receiving his pay as consul all the tune. Is
he io get compensation for both r
Mr. AlASON. lie had no pay as consul.
Mr. HUNTER. He had fees.
Mr. MAlSON. It, has been the usage of the
committee, conformed to by the Senate, where
there is ewdence in the Department of State that
really valuable diplomatic services have been
rendered by a consul at a point where we have
no diplomatic functionary, or when he is absent,
to allow the consul one half the compensation
which would be given to a charged 'dffaiics, That
is the provision of the bill.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, read the third time, and passed.
CHARLES STEARNS.
The bill (S. No. 3:26) winch was reported from
the Committee on the Judiciary, for the relief of
Charles Stearns, was read a second time, and con-
sidered as m Committee of the Whole.
It provides for the paymentof §5,000 to indem-
nify Charles Stearns for losses sustained, and ex-
penses incurred, in defending his title to certain
lands claimed by the United States; and also in
defending two criminal prosecutions brought
against hnn by direction of the Secretary of War.
Mr. HUNTER. Is there any report in that
case ?
Mr. BUTLER. Yes, sir, there is.
Mr. HUNTER, I should like to hear it.
The Secretary read the following report, made
by Mr. Toucey:
The Committee on the Judiciary, to whom was referred
the memorial of Charles Stearns, prayng to be allowed in-
demnity for expenses incurred by him in defending his title
to certain lots of giound claimed by the United States, and
for expenses incurred in two criminal prosecutions brought
against lnm by the United States authorities at Springfield
—one for riot, and one for malicious trespass on the lands
of the United States—have had the same under considera-
tion, and report:
The memorialist, Charles Stearns, represents that lie was,
and had been fora number of years, the owner in fee-simple
ol a tract of land in the town of Springfield, State of Mas-
sachusetts, bounded eastwardly by lands owned by the Uni-
ted States, and used for the puipose of a national aimory.
That the boundary line had been acquiesced in from the
founding of the armoiy, in or about the year 1801, and no
doubt or question was ever suggested on the subject until
1.8-45, whoa the United States authority of the armory, with-
out anvju>t ground, saw fit to question the same. That, as
early as the year 1827, the memorialist joined with a number
of othei proprietors, who also owned land adjoining las,
bounded by «aid land of the United States, in opening a
street or public highway on the westerly border of the
lands of the United States, which was called Prospect
stiect.
This arrangement was made with the knowledge and
approbation of the then superintendent of the armory, and
in conceit with him. That this street has ever since re-
mained an open and undisturbed public highway until the
yeai 184."), and has afforded very great accommodation to
the adjoining proprietors as a means of access to their
respective lots, and to the public, and especially to those
connected with the armory. That from time to time he
had sold portions of said land and bounded his grantees by
and on said Prospect street; and the said street not having
been laid out and dedicated hy public authority, but the
fee simple remaining in the memorialist and the other pro-
pnetors of the land over which it parsed, he was legally
bound, by the tonus of his deed to his grantees, to keep
open this street, as the only mean* of access to the lots
puichased by them. That a portion of said ground was
sold, m 1843, to one Timothy Hays, for the purpose of
■ Meeting a church thereon, and a boundary on Prospect
s-tieet, as aforesaid, which furnished the only access to it.
That m the ssummerof 1843, alter the erection of the church
had commenced, the authorities of the United States ar-
mory, without notice to hnn or his vendee^, caused the
whole ol !>aid street, in fiont of said lot, except a space of
about nine feet wide, to be closed by a lenee, and also
elected a shed, and placed other obstructions upon the
Miinc; tliu- not only committing a tiespassnpon the land
of the memorialist, hut also cutting oil ail access whatever
to the lot of said vendees by the obstruction of this part of
tln^ public stteet. That, having been called on by his
vendees to protect their rights under his deed, which was
conveyed to them by a boundary line on Piospeet street,
and for protection against a trespass committed by one of
the officers of the Government m the military depaitment,
he called upon the honorable Secretary of War, who was
then in Springfield, shortly after the trespass was committed,
<ind notified hint fully of the injury, and asked the exercise
of his ollicial authority for the purpose of removing the
ob^nuctioiu> and topaning the wrong. From some cause
the honorable Scciet.iry of War left Springfield without
alioidmg any relief whatever. That under these trying
cneunwances, being pressed by his vendees, he proceeded,
on the 19th day of Juue, 1845, with workmen in his employ,
in a peaceable manner, to remove the obstiuctions thus
uuiawtullv erected, and to place the materials on or near
the line between lnm and the United States. That this
peaceable and necessary act was erroneously represented
to the honorable Secretary of War as L( riotous" and a
'■high-handed trespass" upon the lands of the United
States
In consequence of these representations, the honorable
Secretaiy of War directed the United States district attor-
ne\ to piocecute the memonahst, alleging that a u high-
handed trespass had been committed, unless the Major
(Ripley) is entnely mistaken m regard to the limits of the
puhiic*yrounds,"and that '-it is believed that their (Stearns
and his men) proceedings weie riotous; that, according to
the directions of the honorable Secretary of War, warrants
were issued, and the memorialist and Ins men were arrested
—some of whom weie taken from their beds at midnight
andihiown into prison, and there detained until morning.
Memorialist and his men were hurried off to Boston, where
two bills ot mdictmentwerefoundagamstinm and his men:
otv for '• riot,*' and one for "malicious trespass upon the
lamb, of the United States." After a full investigation and
trial of the indictmentfor a riot, it lesulted in a unanimous
veidict of acquittal, anil a unanimous certificate of the jury
that theie was no foundation for the prosecution. The indict-
ment found against memorialist and Ins men lor " malicious
trespass on the lands of the United States," after much
trouble and expense to memorialist, was finally dismissed
by the attorney for the United States. The men being gen-
erally poor, and acting under the direction of the memorial-
ist, he felt bound to pay all the expenses incurred by them,
which he did.
The memorialist further states that, for the purpose of
bringing his case fully within the rule, and placing ins title
beyond all question, he caused a suit to be brought against
the superintendent of the United States armory, in his pri-
vate capacity, tor trespass. The court of common pleas de-
cided that the title to t he land was in the memorialist. The
supremo court of the Stateof Massachusetts subsequently
affirmed this decision of the lower court.
The committee, after examining the evidence accompa-
nying the memorial with great caie, are of opinion that the
facts set foi th by the memorialist are substantially proven ;
that the prosecutions instituted against him were without
any just foundation, and &uch as would, against a private
person, have entitled him, not only to receive all the ex-
penses incurred in his detense, but large damages for the
oss of time, vexation, and mental suffering undergone
bly him in consoquencc thereof. The fact bemg clearly and
fully established, by the State court^hat the land claimed
by the United Slates officeis was tm pioperty of the me-
morialist, the tiespass committed, theiefoie, was by the
former and not the latter. After the decision, heretofore
alluded to, the Government of the United States purchased
the propeity of the memorialist, thereby recognizing his
title to the same. Satisfactory evidence was adduced that
the whole piocecding against the memorialist was by direc-
tion of the Government; and the cost of all the proceed-
ings were paid by the United States, assuming, throughout,
the entire responsibility.
The committee, m view of all the circumstances, are of
the opinion that Congress, m right and pistice, is bound to
make the memorialist a reasonable indemnity. A bill is,
therefore, submitted with tins report, providing for the pay-
ment to the memorialist of the amount of his expenses
incurred in the legal proceedings, with a small addition
thereto, as the very least which a sense of justice should
induce Congress to' gi ant.
Mr. BIGGS. It strikes me that this is intro-
ducing a dangerous precedent. If I understand
the reading of the report and the bill, the propo-
sition is to indemnify a litigant with the United
States for the damages and expenses incurred by
him in a controversy with the United States, on
the ground that the controversy ended in favor of
the litigant. It seems to me it would be setting
a very bad precedent to say that, whenever there
is a controversy about the title to property be-
tween the United States and a citizen, if, upon
investigation by the courts of law, it is decided m
favor of the citizen, the United States must pay-
all the expenses which the litigant has incurred
in defending his rights.
Mr. BUTLER. I had not the charge of* this
bill, nor did I make the report. The gentleman
who made the report [Mr. TouceyJ is absent.
When the subject was first talked of in the com-
mittee I was disposed to take the views expressed
by the Senator from North Carolina. I am
entirely satisfied, however, of the justice of the
report, and the propriety of passing this bill.
Mr. Stearns was the owner of a piece of land ad-
jacent to the grounds of the United States armory.
He laid out a portion of it as a street, to improve
the lots which he sold. The officer in command,
I suppose under the direction of the "War Depart-
ment, disputed not only his boundary, bar put
fixtures upon it, closed his lane, and took posses-
sion of his land, by appropriating it for some
convenience connected with the armory. He
found that his lane was obstructed, and his ven-
dees were complaining that they could not get to
their houses. He protested against this. The
officers would not take down the obstruction, and
then peaceably he took it down himself, without
any riot. The officers were not satisfied with
taking his land, but they indicted him for riot,
and put him and his workmen, who assisted him
in taking down the wall, in jail at night. Not
satisfied with that, they indicted him for malicious
trespass. He was acquitted, and restored to his
land. He went to law to claim his rights, and
came off very much like John Doe did—winning
his cause, but nearly naked, for he has lost every-
thing in the controversy. If the officers had been
liable, as a private individual would have been,
for malicious prosecution, I answerforit, instead
of $5,000, he would have recovered $10,000. But
he cannot sue the officers for malicious prosecu-
tion, and 1 say you are bound to indemnify this
man, who has been wronged—I will not say by
intentional oppression—but when you took his
property, put him in jail, and forced him to this
expense, it is nothing but right that he should be
indemnified.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, read the third time, and passed.
FRANKLIN PEALE.
The bill (S. No. 331) for the relief of Franklin
Peale was read the second time, and considered
as in Committee of the Whole. It proposes to
direct the Secretary of the Treasury to pay to
Franklin Peale the sum of $10,000, in full com-
pensation for the use of all his inventions and
improvements, and for his extra-official services,
in connection with the Mint of the United States
and its branches.
Mr. HUNTER. Is there any report accom-
panying that bill ?
Mr. BRODHEAD. There is.
Mr. HUNTER. I should like to hear it.
The Secretary read the following report made
by Mr. Wade:
The Committee on Claims, to whom was referred the
memorial of Franklin Poole, report:
From 1833 to 1834, the memorialist was employed in the
