TO
THE CONGRESSIONAL &LOBE.
January 9,
an Administration assailed in this indirect way,
■which has been true to the country, true to the
Constitution, and true to the principles and opin-
ions of the very gentlemen who assail it upon the
great question of the day, I feel that silence would
do injustice not only to the Administration, but
to the country. While upon this subject I may
say,-that when ^^ask these gentlemen what
objection they haHfo the Administration, or to
the President, tf^y -universally refer to some
appointment to office. I want" to depress this
opinion here, sir, that I think it unbecoming in a
southern man to stickle about the appointment
of any officer of this Government. Why, sir, I
am willing that you shall have all the offices.
The North may have them all if she wants them.
Give us our constitutional rights, and that is all
that we ask of you. I, for one, stand here to say
that the President may reject every man for whose
appointment I ask, and I will never complain of
him as long as he sustains those constitutional
rights which I believe to be dear to the people
of my section, and absolutely necessary to the
perpetuity of this Union. That is all 1 ask of
the Administration; and I submit that it is not in
keeping with the dignity, the character, and the
chivalry, if 1 may so speak, of southern men, to
stickle about the appointment of officers by a man
' who, amidst all the prejudices of his own section,
stands by the peculiar institution of the South,
as guarantied uy the Constitution. When I am
tolu that the President of the United States has
expressed his opposition to slavery, 1 say that lie
is only entitled to the more credit for the support
of the guarantees of the Constitution that protect
us in the enjoyment of that institution. The man
who owns a thousand or ton slaves is entitled to
no credit for the support of the institution. It is
his interest to do it. But the man who has been
raised at the North, in the midst of all the preju-
dices which have been excited there by dema-
gogues and politicians against this institution,
and yet has the boldness, the courage, and the
patriotism, to stand by the guarantees of the
Constitution for the protection of our rights and
our institutions, is entitled to high credit, and a
warm support from those who desire a perpetuity
of the Union. 1 have but little patience ^ith
southern men who stickle about offices when
such great principles as these are at stake.
The position which the President has taken
since his election, and in his late message, has
been the ^position that he has uniformly taken
during the course of a long public life—in the
Legislature of New Hampshire, in the two
branches of Congress, and in the executive chair;
and 1 challenge the proof of any inconsistency on
his part in relation to this question. And yet
we see southern gentlemen here assailing him
most furiously for what they call his Abolition
tendencies. 1 lcel, sir, that there .is an error in
the minds of a portion of the people of the South
who belong to the American party in relation to
this, and I wish it to be corrected. I do nor. mean
to impute improper motives to any of those gen-
tlemen, but it is due to the history of tiie country
that this thing shall go no further. 1 am willing
to meet all men who make war upon no provision
of the Constitution, as 1 understand it; and upon
the subject of this Catholic test, upon equal terms,
personally or politically, I beg leave simply to
state what I said in a few words dining the last
Congress on this Catholic question, as 1 was one
of the fust to discuss tliis subject in tiie House
of Representatives. 1 said it then, 1 say it now,
and 1 intend always to say it:
'< I do not come a« the advocate of the Catholic religion,
or the apohyift of the Catholic faith, believing, as I always
liavc. in the leh-nous doctunes of my ancestors. 1, at an
f-arJy'day, imhilied a piejudiee against the tenets of the
Catholic" ehuioh, and tlu^e eaily impressions have never
been removed. J dissent lioni its doctnnes, discard its
heresies, and tlcnouni e its perM-cuhon.
a I :mi a Piot^tant because 1 behove its teachings to be
the teachings of the Jiible. and Us iciigmu the religion of
our Savior. J hit while [ am strong m my emu faith, I
t-eoiii to proscribe others who dillei rtom mo in religious
beiitimciit. I do nor seek to dive down into the hea ts of
inert to leiret out their jeli^ious dogmas, hut would secure
to every denomination their constitutional{right to wor-
ship God according to the dictates of their own con-
bcience.'"
For this I was denounced at home as -being
favorable to Catholicism, and many votes were
cast against me on aceount of a deluded belief
that I favored their religious dogmas. Yet, now
it is said upon tins floor, by honorable gentlemen
who are acknowledged leaders of the so-called
American party, that any other doctrine than
this, which I asserted during the last Congress,
and for which I was furiously denounced by
that party in Tennessee, is not only subversive
of the Constitution, but is monstrous. It is for
this reason that I have read it, because every man
in my district and in my State will see at once
that the point made against me has now not only
been abandoned, but denounced, by some of the
leaders of that party on this floor; and yet they
complain of us for objecting to that feature of
their national platform which the " sober second
thought" of the people has compelled them to
abandon. With all due deference to those gen-
tlemen, I think it is time now that they should
agree upon some common ground, and let us
know what it is, so thfet the country may not be
longer milled.
Now, Mr. Clerk, I must return my most grate-
ful thanks to the House for the privilege they
have accorded me to make this explanation, and
for the attention with which they have listened
to the remarks I have had the honor to submit.
Mr. WHITNEY. I should be pleased to say
a few words before I recoid my vote.
Mr. HUG-HSTON. X object.
Mr. WHITNEY. With the consent of the
House I wish to say a few words, suggested by
the remarks of the gentleman from Tennessee
[Mr. Smith! in connection with the debate which
took place in this House on M onday last.
The CLERK. Docs the gentleman from JSTew
York withdraw his objection >
Mr. HUGHSTON. I do not.
Mr. ENGLISH. I think it due to the gentle-
man from Now York that he should bo heard, and
therefore I move that ho be permitted to proceed.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. WHITNEY, (resuming.) Allusion has
been made here to the fact that gentlemen in this
House, who owe tlieir election to the party which
1 also represent, and whose principles I cherish,
have dissented, in the strongest terms, fiom one
of the cardinal principles of that party. Gentle-
men, sir, hare the undoubted right to express upon
this floor their views and their sentiments upon
all political subjects, liable to the scrutiny of
legislation, and interesting to the public. But,
sir, when gentlemen, in their individual capacity,
assume to place constructions upon creeds, plat-
forms, or principles of any given party, contrary
to the letter of that creed, that platform, or those
principles, they cease to speak for the party.
(Such, sir, I think is the attitude assumed by the
gentleman from Louisiana. Unless I mistake his
position much, he has assumed the attitude of
championship on behalf of the church militant,
the church political in the United States. If such
be the fact, I advise him to burnish his armor,
point his lance, and set it well in its rest, for he
will find himself called upon to meet in the arena,
stern facts and realities invulnerable, upon that
issue—facts, sir, which cannot be misconstrued
like the platform of a party—realities which
cannot be veiled m sophistry. The rule, sir, of
our House forbids men: than a mere allusion to
these facts at the present time; but, sir, at the
proper period, when these subjects shall be fairly
presented for discussion, I can assure the gentle-
man from Louisiana, and all others who choose
to present th'gauntlct upon that issue, that they
shall be met as men. I desire now, sir, simply
to allude to a cotemporaneous fact of history,
connected with a question raised by my colleague
from New York [Mr. Kf.lly] during the debate
which occurred oil Monday. 1 read, sir, from
the published debates of that day, a question
propounded by that gentleman to the gentleman
from Alabama, [Mr. Smith.] It is this:
<i I cle.-.ire to know it* the gejilleui.ui fiom Alabama will
say hoie in his place, that lie' has ever known a Catholic,
native-born 01 aioremnei, who h.is become a naturahzed cit-
izen, who was opposed to the institutions oi tins country
In this debate, sir, we are to deal not with men,
but with measures, with systems, with principles
and influences; and though it may be necessary
at times, in dealing" with those measures and sys-
tems, to refer to men, the less we individualize
the better. But, sir, J stand heie to answer di-
rectly the question of the gentleman from Iscw
York. I stand here to say to him, to tins House,
and to the country, that individuals in this coun-
1 try, naturalized Catholics, have presented them-
selves in hostility to the laws of the country, and
those laws I imagine to be a part of its institu-
tions.
But, sir, en passant, dealing with measures,
principles, and systems, I would inquire what
are we to expect for republican liberty from a
system which declares sentiments like these,
which I quote from a late encyclical letter of the
present pontiff of 'Rome ? It says:
"Liberty of conscience is an absuid and dangerous
maxim, or rather the ravings of delirium."
Also, in the same-letter:
"The liberty of the press is that fatal license of which
we cannot entei tain too great a horror."
Sir, if the gentleman from Now York [Mr.
Kelly] is one of the true faitli, he must indorse
the doctrine of that letter; and if he does not in-
dorse that doctrine, he is not proscribed by the
eighth section of the Philadelphia platform.
It is perhaps not generally known, though the
fact is one of history, that at the Council of
Bishops, held in the city of Baltimore in the year*
1849, an ordinance was passed to this effect. It
is still extant, in most excellent Latin, and I
pledge myself to the jjtouse that I will present a
free translation of it^ffto pure English in tiie
course of the debates upon this subject. That
ordinance provides,that theBishopsof the Romish
churches in this country shall take into their own
hands the temporal effects—the property of their
several churches, the law of any State to the
contrary notwithstanding. There* sir, is a direct
attack upon the institutions of our country by the
hierarchy of the Romish church. But let us look
at the practical effect of the provisions of that
ordinance. The Bishop of Buffalo, in the State
which I hare the honor in part to lepresent,
demanded of the trustees of the St. Louis church
in that city, the tenure of their property.
The CLERK. The gentleman's time has
expired. [Cries of "Go on!" "Go on!"]
Mr. KE1TT. I trust the House will permit
the gentleman to proceed, and 1 make a motion
to that effect.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. WHITNEY. The Bishop of Buffalo de-
manded of the tiustces of his diocese to deliver
over the property of that church into his hands.
Those trustees, be it understood, held that prop-
erty by a law of the State of New York. They
declined a compliance with the demand, and the
Bishop proceeded to coercive measures. He
took from them their spiritual instructor and
guide, closed the doors of their church, and held
them m abeyance. The trustees still refused
compliance, and the Bishop sent to the triple
crown at Rome for instructions. The result of
that message cannot be forgotten. The Nuncio
Bedini came to America, and proceeded to Buf-
falo. I divest my discourse of all extraneous
matter. Bedini, 1 say, proceeded to the city of
Buffalo, and entered upon an examination of the
merits of the controversy, the laws of the State
at the same time before him 
Mr. QUITMAN, (interrupting.) I am sorry,
Mr. Clerk, to have to interrupt the gentleman
fiom New York, but I make this question of
order: The House has adopted a resolution to
limit debate to ten minutes, unless a longer time
be allowed to a member by the unanimous con-
sent of the House. Now I object to the gentle-
man proceeding in his remarks beyond that
limit. I do not wish to see the time of the House
any longer consumed witlf such discussions as
we have had here for the last six weeks. If the
gentleman from New York will permit me, I
will say one word more. I object to the discus-
sion of the issues raised by the gentlemen on
the other side about the Chuich of Rome.
The CLERK. /The gentleman from Missis-
sippi objects to the gentleman from New York
proceeding after his time has expired. The Clerk,
however, thinks that the gentleman from New
York is in order, inasmuch as a majority of the
House allows him to proceed, and inasmuch as
others have gone on in the same way.
Mr. WHITNEY. Five minutes more will
suffice, as I am only answering a question pro-
pounded by my colleague to the gentleman from
Alabama. I say, then, the Nuncio assumed the
examination of the subject.
Mr. KELLY. I desire, Mr. Clerk, to ask my
colleague whether he has ever known an instance
of a Catholic priest descending from his altar and
