1856.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GL0B3E.
running as a candidate for Congress or the Legis-
lature? [Laughter.]
Mr. WHITNEY, (unnoticing or not hearing
the question of his colleague.) The Nuncio de-
clared to the trustees of the church of St. Louis
that they must disobey the law of their State,
must yield to their Bishop, and surrender their
trust. The trustees remaining still contumacious,
the Nuncio resorted to the only alternative known
to the church: he hurled upon that congregation
the last implement of Papal authority and ven-
geance—the anathema maranalha, and- turned his
back upon them.
Mr. &UITMAN. I insist, Mr. Clerk, on the
point of order which I have raised.
Mr. WHITNEY. I have finished my remarks,
sir. [Laughter.]
[Loud cries of " Call the roll !J']
The Clerk resumed the call of the yeas and
nays.
Mr. MILLER, of Indiana. I move to dis-
pense with further proceedings on the call of the
'House.
Mr. COBB, of Georgia. Let the vote bo first
announced. There can be 110 dispensing with
further proceedings on-H| call, if the call of the
House be not ordered.
Mr. PELTON. I move that the reading of
the names on the call of the yeas and nays be
dispensed with.
'1 he motion was agreed to.
The Clerk announced the vote as above..
Mr. KNIGHT. I have understood that our
Democratic friends wish to make a continuous
session until we shallhave elected a Speaker. In
that matter I think I shall vote with them. I wish
to lia-ve a session also until we elect a Speaker.
It is clear that something out ol" the usual course
must happen, or we cannot clect a Speaker. I
offer a plurality resolution, so as to avoid the
necessity of a continuous session day and night,
which would not.be so agreeable. The resolu-
tion which I offer is as follows:
Resolved, That tins House will immediately procccd in
voting toraSpeakeiasheietofoie until there bti an election,
or until three baliotings sJmll have been had, i\henif then;
shall still be no election, the person highest 111 vote on the
third of said ballotings, and having a majority of a quorum,
shall he the Speaker ol' the Thirty-Fourth Congress.
Mr. BARKSDAtfE. I move to lay that reso-
lution on the tabic; and on that motion 1 call for
the yeas and nays.
Mr. VAIL. I call for tollers on the yeas and
nays.
Tellers were not ordered.
Ths yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. &NIGHT. I desire to say that I mean by
the words in the resolution "as heretofore," that
we shall vote viva voce.
The question was taken, and there wore—yeas
113, nays 102; as follows:
YKA8—Me,sr>r.«. Aikfn, Allen, Barksdale, Bell, Ilondlcy
S. Bennett, Bocock, Bowie, Boyee, Branch, ihooks, P,m-
nctt, Cadwalader, John I'. Campbell, Lewis J). Campbell,
Caiiile,Carut!ieis, Ca^kie, Bayard Claik, Chngtnan, How-
tjll Cobb, Williamson R. W. Cobb, Cox, Oraisic, Cullon,
I)avi>lson, Henry Winter lfavis, Denver, Dowdell, Dunn,
Edmund&on, KJJiott, English, Ethendge, Emus, Evans,
Faulkner, Florence, Foster, HeniyM.Fullei,Thomas J. D.
Fuller, Goode, Gieemvood, Augustus Hail, J. Monnon
Hams, Sampson W. Hani*, Thomas L. Hairis, Harrison,
Haven, Herbert, Hoffman, Houston, Jeweft, Geoige W.
Jones, Keitt, Kelly, Konnett, Kid well, hake, Letcher, l^md-
ley, Lumpkin, Alexander K. Maishall, Humphrey Mar-
shall, Samuel S. Mai-shall, Maxwell, MeMulliri, McQueen,
Smith Millei, Millson, Millw.ud, Moore, Mordecai Olivet,
Orr, Paine, Peck, Pelton, Poiter, Powell, Prmgle, Puryear,
Quitman, Reade, Ready, Rieaud, Richaulson, Rivers, lluf-
fin,Rust, Sandiilge, Savage, Scott, Samuel A. SimUi, Wil-
liam Smith, William 11. Smith, Snood, Stephen®, Htcwait,
Stvope, Talbott, Taylor, Tnppe, Underwood, Vail, Valk,
Walker, Warner, Watkins, Wheeler, Whitney, Wmsiow,
Daniel IS, Wught, John V. Wright, and ZolhcoiTer—
NAYS— Messrs. Albright/Allison, Bali, Barbour, Barclay,
Ilenry Bennett, Benson, Bingham, Hibhop, Bh.-s, Brad-
slww, Bienton, Buft'mgton, Burlingame, James H. Camp-
b°ll, Chaffee, dawson, Cnliax, Corams, Cra^m, Cumbaek,
Damrell, Timothy Uavis, Day, Dean, DeWitt, J)ick,Bjck-
eon, Dodd, Dnrtee, Ertie, Kdwards, tinine, Flagler, Gallo-
way, Giddimcs, Gilbeit, Grander, Grow, Robert 13. Hall,
Harlan, Hickman, liolloway, Thomas R. Horton, Valen-
tine B. Horton, Howard, Huglsston, Kelsey, King, Knapp,
Knight, ICnowlton, Knox, Loiter, Mace, Matteson, Mc-
Caity, Mcaclmm, I Miian Miller, Morgan, Morrill, Mott,
Murray, Nichols, Nonon, Andrew Ohv n, Parker, Pearee,
Pennington, Pcttit, Pike, llitehie, Robbing, Roberts, Robi-
eon, Sabin, Sage, Sapp, Sheiman, Simmon-*, Spmnei, Stan-
ton, Stranahan, Tappan, Thonngton, Thurston, Todd,
Trafton, Tyson, Wade, Wakeman, WaVbndgc, Waldton,
Cadwalader C. Washburne, Elhhu B. Washburne, Liael
Washburn, Watson, Welch, Williams, Wood, WoodiutF,
and Wood worth-—102.
K So the resolution was laid on the table.
Pending the call of the roll,
Mr. BURNETT rose to a personal explanation.
He said:,I hold in my hand, Mr. Clerk, an extract
taken from the Genesee (New York) Democrat,
published, I believe, in the district of the honorable
gentleman from New York, [Mr. Kelsey.] That
gentleman and myself paired off here by agree-
ment until Friday last. I do not rise now for the
purpose of complaining of the action of the gen-
tleman at all, but only for the purpose of letting
the country understand correctly that he paired
off with myself, and in order that the gentleman
may stand right at home. I will read the extract
taken from that paper:
"Our Congressman, Hon. Wm. II. Kfxsfy, made a
flying visat a tew days since, returning to his seat in the
House on Monday." It is gratifying to his constituents to
observe that, dutlng the struggle for Speaker. Mr. Kklsky's
vote has unitbrjnly been placed where it will'do the most
efiective ^ervicc m the cause of freedom."
Now, the portion to which I desire to call the
attention of that gentleman particularly, is as
follows. The editor here seems to speak as by
authority from him; and he can explain whether
the editor speaks by authority, and represents him
correctly or not:
" Tn oider to make a visit to his home, he 4 paired off
with a member from Alabama—a Richardson man—and
JVIajor Williams, of Monioe, whose vote has been among
the scattering, making, if we may be allowed the expression,
a triple pair. The lady of Mr. K. returned with him to
Washington."
Now, sir, I made an agreement with Mr. Kel-
sey, by which we paired off together until the
4th of January. That agreement he duly kept
with me up to that time, and I have no complaint
to make as far as that is concerncd. But here is
the point which I make: that the gentleman at
home claims the credit of having made a triple
pair, thereby strengthening his party. That is
the point to which 1 object. lie paired off with
mo; and lost there might be supposed to be any
mistake in the name here nubJished in this paper,
I desire to slate that there has been no scattering
of votes so far as I am concerned, I having uni-
formly, since the contest commenced, voted for
the genfloman from Illinois, [Mr. Richardson.]
I do not desire that the gentleman from New York
[Mr. Kelsey] should have the credit at home of
making sucli a bargain as he is here represented
to have made. If the editor of this paper rep-
resents the gentleman correctly, then, sir, I do
not regard the position which he occupies as an
enviable one by any means. The gentleman can
explain how this matter stands. 1 vote ay.
Mr. KELSEY. If this is a proper time to
respond to the gentleman from Kentucky [Mr.
Burnett]—and I suppose it is—I desire to say to
that gentleman, that I paired off witli him and with
him only, and that the paragraph which he has
read from the paper published in my district is
incorrect. I did repeat—and, I presume, in the
hearing of the editor of that paper—that some
gentlemen who voted with us on this side of the
House held that we should not pair off unless it
were with a Richardson man and a Fuller man,
so as to neutralize parties. I stated that this had
not been done in my case, although, probably,
the same practical result would be reached, be-
cause Major Williams, of Monroe, who -was
scattering his vote, had returned home at thy same
time I did, and that I offered to take him in and
form a trio. It will thus^be seen how that para-
graph found its way into the paper. I trust that
this explanation will satisfy gentlemen on this
floor how the matter stands, and that it will es-
pecially satisfy those who have had the kindness
to call' my attention to a letter written by an
individual in my district, inclosing that slip to
various persons here. I do notpropose to notice
anything coming from that source. "When any
charge against me has a responsible, or even a
decent backer, i will meet every question which
gentlemen here or elsewhere choose to raise with
me.
Mr. BURNETT, (interrupting.) Will the
gentleman from New York allow me to ask him
a question? I want to understand to whom he
applies the latter portion of his remarks ?
Mr. KELSEY. 1 applied it to the writer of
the letter inclosing this slip, which has been sent
here, and to which some gentlemen have had the
kindness to call my attention this morning.
Mr. WILLIAMS. T desire to state that there
was no arrangement whatever made between my
colleague [Mr: Kelsey] and myself in relation
to my vote J • • v- '
The matter here dropped, and the Clerk- re-
sumed the call of the roll. •
Also, pending the calf'of thfe roll, ' .
Mr. PENNINGTON said: Mr. .Clerk, in tU
New York Tribune of the 7tfc instant,, a para-1,
graph—transferred to that paperfrom the Boston
Telegraph-of the 4th instants-has fallen. tmder
my observation. I desire to read it, and then to
say a word to the House in relation to it. Tie
paragraph is as follows:
"Mr. Pennington at Boston We believe there has
been no public statement of the fact that Mr. Pennington,
the New Jeisey Congressman, who has received some
votes for Speaker, has heen in this city recently on a visit
to Governor Gardiner. He was here last Saturday. Some
person, who saw him at the State House, accompanied by
the Governor, tlunks that this visit has some peculiar sig-
nifkiujpe, A telegraphic dispatch states that there has
been an effoit. at Washington to indneeMr. Pussing-son to
decline being a candidate for the speakership. We shall
soon know the result of tins effort.—Boston Telegraph,
January 4."
I presume, Mr. Clerk, that this paragraph has
fallen under the observation of other members of
this House; and they must, I think, have been
considerably surprised on reading it; for it is well
known to all the members of this House, that, on-
the day referred to in the article which I have
read, Mr. Pennington was in his place in this
Hall attending diligently to the public business.
Now, I wish to state that, although it is possi-
ble this statement may be true, (for it is said
nothing is impossible,^ I have no personal knowl-
edge of the fact so positively and circumstantially'
stated. [Great laughter.] And I will state to
the House that if any such visit as this was made
to Boston, the transit thither was made by the
telegraphic wires, and the return by the same con-
veyance—[renewed laughter]—an achievement
which ought to be made known to the scientific
world without further delay. [Renewed laugh-
ter.]
Mr. TRAFTON. I think I may be able to
throw a little light upon that ynysterious fact
I saw the statement the gentleman has read in
the Boston correspondence of the Springfield
Republican. That correspondent stated that Mr.
Pennington was in Boston in conferencc with
Governor Gardiner. The Boston Telegraph, and
I suppose the New York Tribune, copied this
statement from the Republican, the correspond-
ent of the Republican oeing responsible for it.
It may no doubt be accounted for on the ground
of Spiritual rappings. [Laughter.]
The call of the roll wdte then concluded, and
the result announced, as above stated.
[Cries of " Call the roll!"]
The House proceeded to vote the ninety-ninth
time for Speaker, with the following result: Whole
number of votes cast, 214*, necessary to a choice,
108; of which——
Nathaniel P. Banks received.....  97
William A. Riehaulson   72
ITemy At. Fuller    33
Alexander O. M. Pennington  7
James L. On :    9
John Williams    1
Gilchrist Porter  1
Ilomy Bennett    1
So there was no choice.
The following is the vote in detail:
For Mr. Banks—Me.ws. Albright, Allison, Ball, Barbour,
Henry Bennett, Ben«on, Rin^ham, Jhshnp, Llhss, Brad-
fehaw, Buffington, Burlingame, James 11. Campbell, Lewis
I). Campbell, Chaffee, dawson, Colfax, Coining Crajpn,
Cumbaok. Damrell, Timothy JL>«ivn,'Day, l>an, De Witt,
Diek, Dickson, Dodd, Durfeo, Emiio, Flakier, Galloway,
Giddintrs Gilbert, Granger, Giow, Kobert B. flail, Harlan,
liolloway. Thomas it. Hoiion, Valentine B. Horton, How-
aid, IIuyh«ton, Kelsey, Kim*, Knapp, Knight, Knowlton,
Knox,Leifer, Mace, Matte-on,McCarty,Meacham, Killian
Miller, Morgan, Motrin, Mott. Mart ay, Nichols, Norton, An-
drew Olwr, Parker, Pelton, Pennington, Pettit, Pike, Pnn-
gle, Piuvianoc, Ritchie, Hobbms, ltobcrts, Sabin, Sage,
Sapp, Sheiman, Simmon55, Spmner, Sianton, Htianahan,
T.ippan, ThoriiaHon, Thurston, Txafton, Tyson, Wade,
Wakemnn, Wiilhndc^, Waklron, Cadvyak'der C. Wa4i-
bnrnc, Ellihu B. WaVhbume, Israel Wa-Jiburn, Watson,
Woleii, Wood, Woodruff, and Woodwoith.
For Mr. Richafkon—Messrs. Aiken, Allen, Barclay,
Barksaale, Bell. Ilendlev S. Bennett, Boeock, Borne,
P.oyee, Branch, Biooks, Burnet^ Cadwalader, Carutiiers,
Cat-kic, Clmgman, Howell Cobb, Williamson II. W. Cobb,
Craig:e, Davidson, Denver, Dowdell, F.dmund«on, Elliott,
English, Faulkner, Florence, Thomas J. D. Fuller, Goode,
Greenwood, Aui?ustu^ Hall, Sampson W. Hanis, Thomas
L.. Harris, Herbert, Hickman, Houston, Jewett, George W.
Jones, Keitt, Kellv. Kuhvell. Letcher, Lmnpkm, Samuel
S. Marshall, Maxwell, McMulhn, MeQucen, Smith Miller,
Mdlson. Mordecai Ouver, Orr, Packer, Peck, Phelps, Pow-
ell, CLmtman, Huron, Rust, Sandidge, Savage^ Samuel A.,
