1856.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
899
citizens of Washington and Georgetown walk
in the public grounds, or look at the statues or
pictures, unless they pay twenty-five cents for it.
Tell me, if you can, what is the difference.
Bat gentlemen say if we do this, the people of
Philadelphia, Boston, and New York, will come
before us and claim the same privilege. There
is 110 analogy in the cases. New York belongs
to the people of New York, Boston to Massachu-
setts, and so on; but this is the capital of the peo-
ple of the United States, and the Government
should pay more than its share of this improve-
ment.
Mr. PRINGLE. I propose to amend the
amendment, in order to perfect it before the vote
is taken, to strike it out entirely. I move to strike
out the words "hundred thousand," so as to
leave the appropriation three dollars.
Mr. CRAIGE. I rise to a question of order.
The gentleman from Maryland moved to strike
out the whole amendment, which, I think, was
out of order. But there having been no vote taken
upon that motion, the motion of the gentleman
from New York is not now in order.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair thinks that
whatever may have been the character of the
motion of the gentleman from Maryland, whether
in order or not, it is clearly in order to move to
amend the clause before the vote is taken upon
the motion to strike out,
jMr. PRINGLE. So far as I understand this
question, this project of bringing water into
Washington and Georgetown has never received
the deliberate approbation of the House of Rep-
resentatives—never. In the Thirty-Second Con-
gress, in the last hours of the session, an appro-
priation of $100,000 was made to commence this
work. In the last hours of the Thirty-Third
Congress, an appropriation of §250,000 was made
to continue it. During the Thirty-Third Con-
fress, as all the members of that Congress now
ere will remember, this question was up fre-
quently; more than once, or twice, or three times
votes were taken on it in this House; and the
project was defeated every time. It never re-
ceived an affirmative vote until the last hour of
the session.
Now, let us see on what data—if wc have any
—this work has been commenced and carried on.
In the Thirty-Second Congress a resolution was
passed appropriating $5,000 to make a survey.
This survey was submitted in February, 1853.
It was done hastily in the winter, and the engi-
neers who had it in charge did not pretend that
it was entirely reliable. An estimate was made
that the cost of the work would, for a seven foot
conduit, amount to about J] ,900,000; and that for
a nine foot conduit, it would cost §350,000 more.
The data on which the estimates were made have
never been submitted to this House. I had the
honor to offer a resolution, which was adopted
by the House, calling upon the Secretary of War
to submit data on the subject; but the inform-
ation has been withheld—I will not say improp-
erly withheld.
But all I have to say is this, that the House
has to rely solely on the good reputation and abil-
ity of Captain Meigs. I do not impeach those
qualities, but I do think, with all due respect to
Captain Meigs and the Secretary of War, that
there are men in this House who arc just as com-
petent as any engineer to make calculations and
estimates of the expense of the work, if they are
furnished with data. Now, I would like to form
my own judgment upon data furnished to this
House as to the expense of this work, whether it
Would cost two millions, two and a half millions,
or five millions of dollars. I can tell, and so can
scores of men on this floor, if we get the data, how
much it will cost. We have not yet had such
data. I want them submitted to the House. I
want men to act upon knowledge, and then bo
responsible for their vote. I do not want to act
solely on the opinion of one man—I want data, I
want facts.
A jIc.mbek. You have them in the report.
JMr PRINGLE. We have never had the de-
tails winch I have called for. So far as I under-
stand them they are not contained m cither report.
They have been furnished, I understand, to the
Secretary of War, and I have no doubt they are m
his office, and might be furnished. Now, whether
1 am satisfied or not, I think that every man here
ou<"ht to be satisfied before he votes, whether he
is voting right or wrong. Now, let us see what
was contemplated, in regard to extent, by the
officer who lecommendedthis work. I will read
an extract 
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. KEITT. There is a point, Mr. Chair-
man ,in the legislation of every competent author-
ity, where, upon any question of mere expediency,
it must be supposed that the policy of the body
is settled. I would not apply this to a question
of principle, connected with an organic compact;
but on a mere question of expediency you must
stop somewhere. There must be a point at which
the body is supposed to act deliberately upoil a
foregone conclusion. Now, sir, I apprehend that
in this case that point has been reached. My
friend from New York [Mr. Pringle] says that
appropriations hav^een made, hut under cir-
cumstances. He says that at the last session the
appropriation was made at the last hour of the
session. Sir, when a great work is to be accom-
plished, and the action of the competent authority
is had upon it, you cannot go behind the record
and appeal to the circumstances which seemed at
the moment to invest the act. No one can know
whether this act was done at the last moment;
and if it were done at the last moment, no one
can know that it was not done under the sanction
of proper deliberation. On the question of expe-
diency—I repeat it, sir—there is, for the good of
all, a point at which we must regard the policy
of the body as settled. Two Congresses have
acted on this matter. They have concluded that
this aqueduct should be constructed; and, in my
judgment, they have concluded wisely.
This city was laid out—by whom ? By General
Washington. And for what purpose ? Why, as
the Federal capital. If your citizens here had
located it, would they have located it on this spot'
He wished to strip it of all commercial advantages.
Would they, with pecuniary objccts in view,
have located it where it stands, if not stripped, at
least emasculated, of all commercial advantages?
If they had located it here for the purposes for
which a city is located, would they have laid it
out on the stupendous scale which marks your
present city? They would not have done so.
You have made it your Federal capital; and does
that involve you in no responsibility? You have
here $50,000,000 worth of public property. Does
it pay taxes' Not a dollar. You pay possibly
for the grading of a street here and there, and
may be for the lighting of Pennsylvania avenue;
but do you pay anything more? Are not the
citizens of Washington—deprived of all com-
mercial advantages—as heavily, or more heavily,
taxed than the inhabitants of any city of the
Union? And if they arc, are you not deriving
the advantages of that taxation ? And will you,
with your $50,000,000 worth of public property
exempt from taxation, do nothing? Congress
ought not to build this aqueduct for the benefit of
the citizens of Washington, but it ought to build
it for the benefit of its own Government; and if,
incidentally thereto, the citizens of Washing-
ton derive advantages, why, in God's name, let
them derive those "advantages. You buy prop-
erty. That moment it is exempt from taxation.
You hold it, and it is exempt from taxation—you
sell it, and it is exposed to it. Now, will you
pay nothing for the advantages you thus derive ?
You have here the archives of the Government.
They are exposed to casualty and conflagration.
Will you do nothing to insure their safety? Will
you not construct this work for the purpose of
protecting them ? And, if it be wise in you to
build it for that purpose, then I ask you if the
fact that the citizens of Washington may derive
an advantage from it ought to be any objection j
to your doing it? It is an incidental advantage, j
which I wouid gladly give them. Let your own |
interests be unconcerned in the matter, and I will |
not vote a dollar for it. I will not vote for it on i
their account; but, I will vote for it for your Fed-;
eral capital, and your Federal interests. And, if j
in doing this, they derive an advantage, I shall i
be glad of it. I
Well, sir, the policy of the country being 1
settled, what,then, is your course of action > You
have been told that the operatives on the work
are exposed to chills and fever for three months
in the year, or at least for August and September.
Will you make your appropriation now, and let j
the work be gone on with while it can be, or will !
you wait until it is too late—till the unhealthy
season arrives, and till the very materials are
crumbling before you? {Here the hammer fell.]
The question was taken on Mr* Psingle's
amendment^ and it was rejected.
Mr. GIDDINGS. I move to amend the Sen-
ate amendment by increasing the appropriation
#1,000.
Mr. Chairman, I feel somewhat embarrassed
upon this question—much more so than upon any
other question which has been presented, to as,
I find that some of those with whom I usually
act are opposed to this proposition, and that
some of those on the other side of the House are
in favor of it. Sir, I am embarrassed by the
consideration that cold water seems to be unac-
ceptable to some of my political friends. {Laugh-
ter.]
Now, sir, in considering this subject I take an
entirely different view of the matter from what
some gentlemen who have preceded me have
taken. We mustspend about $70,000,000. That
point is settled. The money is in the Treasury,
and it must come out, either to be expended ia
permanent, stable improvements of our country,
or in that which is worse. Why, sir, the chair-
man of the Committee on Naval Affairs has re-
ported a bill for the construction of ten additional
war steamers at a cost of $10,000,000.
Mr. BENSON. I beg to correct the gentle-
man. The steamers which it is proposed to con-
struct are to cost only $5,000,000.
Mr. GIDDINGS. Very well, #5,000,000 no^;
but I will go bail that it will double in two
years. [Laughter.] Now, sir, if these ten war
steamers are built, it will take our young men to
man them, and it will corrupt their habits; it will
corrupt their morals; it will take millions out of
the public Treasury, and in a few years nothing
will remain of it but corrupted morals and habits.
Mr. Chairman, if a few millions are expended
upon these water-works, somebody in future
years will reap the benefit. It will conduce much
to the comfort and convenience of Congress and
the people, and, at the end of twenty years, the
work will stand as a monument to the liberality,
foresight, and intelligence of this Congress. And,
sir, are we to abandon this policy now just an
the Republicans are coming into power ? [Great
laughter.] When we should bestow our atten-
tion upon the establishment of schools of learn-
ing, and upon the enlightenment and elevation
of the people of the District, are we to abandon
them? I trust not. I ask my political friends
to come up here; for let me say to them that the
tunes are important with us. I want to see the
gleaming forth of that policy which shall char-
acterize the party to which I belong. I thank
gentlemen on the other side for their returning
good sense. [Laughter.]
Now, sir, I shall vote for this appropriation,
and shall most cheerfully, heartily and zealously,
lend my efforts to obtain it. I speak the sincere
feelings of my heart when I say, that I am will-
ing to vote $300,000 now, and that I am willing
to vote |5,000,000 if it should become necessary.
Why, sir, your Army and your Navy cost you
$30,000,000 every year, and it is all lost. Let us
give a few hundred thousand dollars to supply
the people of the District with water. They need
it; and let me say, that if there was more eold
water used it would be better for the morals of
the community. [Laughter.]
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I think, Mr.
Chairman, that it would be a good thing if this
project were to go on, and these cities should
obtain a supply of \jntcr; and I should have no
objection to it at all if you would only get the
money to pay for it from the right place.
Now, sir, it is one of the fundamental princi-
ples of this Government, recognized by my friend
from South Carolina, [Mr. Keitt,] that without
representation there should be no taxation. Then,
sir, I maintain that it is an equally sound maxim,
that you should not take the money of the people
who are represented and appropriate and expend
it for the benefit of people who do not pay the
money.
Now, sir, what is the pretext for bringing this
water here? It is to supply your public build-
ings; but the object is to supply the city—the
private property of the city. Why, sir, this
Capitol is now supplied with better water than
can be obtained from the Potomac river. It is
