1856.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
901
A bill granting bounty land to Rebecca Free-
man ;
A bill granting a pension to Nathaniel Moth-
ershead, of Missouri;
A bill to authorize the Secretary of War to
cause to be paid to Captain George E. McClellan,
his officers and men composing his company of
mounted volunteers, full pay for services rendered,
and subsistence and forage furnished, in East
Florida in the year 1840;
A bill for the relief of Peter Grover;
A bill increasing the pension of Albert Hart;
A bill for the relief of LeviC. Harris;
A bill for the relief of Betsey Whipple;
A bill to increase the pension of Alpheus T.
Palmer, late a lieutenant of the ninth regiment
United States infantry;
A bill restoring Joshua Mercer to the roll of
invalid pensioners;
A bill making a reappropriation from the sur-
plus fund for the relief of Lieutenant John Guest,
of the United States Navy, and others;
A bill to increase the pension of Amaziah Good-
win, of the State of Maine;
A bill for the relief of Mrs. M. E. McKnight,
widow of Francis M. McKnight;
A bill granting a pension to Samuel B. Porter,
a soldier of the late war;
A bill for the relief of Mrs. Agatha O'Brien,
widow of Brevet Major J. P. J. O'Brien, late of
the United States Army; and,
A bill for the relief of James Harrington.
INTRODUCTION OF A BILL.
Mr. SAGE, by unanimous consent, introduced
a bill to remit or refund duties upon goods, wares,
and merchandise destroyed by fire; which was
read a first and second time, and referred to the
Committee on Commerce.
CLERK TO A COMMITTEE.
Mr. IiEITr. I ask the unanimous conscnt
of the House to offer a resolution. The Com-
mittee on the Public Buildings and Grounds have
a great deal of work on hand; and I ask that they
may be permitted to employ a clerk on the same
terms as other committees have been authorized
to employ clerks. The resolution is in these
words:
Resolved, That the Committee, on Public Buildings and
Gtounds be, and hereby are, authorized to employ a clerk
for so much of the piesent Congress as the majoiity of said
committee may consider expedient, at a per diem com-
pensation not to exceed four dollars per day, to be paid out
of the contingent fund of the House."
Mr. CRAIGE. I objcct.
Mr. KEITT. Then I move to suspend the
rules.
The motion was not agreed to, two thirds not
voting in favor thereof.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I ask leave
to introduce a bill merely for the purpose of ref-
erence. It is a bill to authorize the issuing of
patents to lands in certain cases.
Mr. KEITT. I object. I move that the House
do now adjourn.
The motion was agreed to; and thereupon the
House (at fifteen minutes past three o'clock) ad-
journed until to-morrow, at twelve o'clock, m.
IN SENATE.
Tuesday, Jlprii-\5, 1856.
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. Henry C. Dean.
The J ournal of yesterday was read and approved.
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATION.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore laid before the
Senate a communication from the President of
the United States, transmitting a report of the
Secretary of State, with the accompanying docu-
ments, in answer to the resolution of the Senate
of the 20 th ultimo, respecting the adjustment of the
boundary line and the payment of the $3,000,000
under the treaty with Mexico of the 20th of De-
cember, 1853; which, on motion of Mr. Hale,
was ordered to lie on the table and be printed.
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS.
Mr. SEWARD presented a petition of citizens
of New York, praying that the public lands may
be granted in limited quantities to actual settlers
not possessed of other lands; which was ordered
to lie on the table. .
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee, presented the pen-
tion of Jesse Wyatt, a volunteer in the war of
i 1812, praying to be allowed a pension; which was
| referred to the Committee on Pensions,
j Mr. SUMNER. I present the memorial of
j Zerviah Gould Mitchell, of North Abington, Mas-
i sachusctts, setting forth that she is the only sur-
; viving child of Brister Gould, of Massachusetts,
! who served for several months in the army of
I the Revolution. She prays for some recognition
! of the services of her ancestor, representing her-
! self at this moment as very poor. I ask the
| reference of the memorial to the Committee on
! Pensions.
! It was so referred.
i Mr. FOOT presented a petition of citizens of j
"Washington, District of Columbia, praying that,
provision may be made for educating the indigent;
deaf, dumb, blind, and idiotic youth and children ■
of the District of Qolumhia; which was referred
to the Committee on the District of Columbia.
Mr. HAMLIN presented a petition of citizens
of the State of Maine, praying for the establish-
ment of a mail route from Pittsfield to Cambridge,
in that State; which was referred to the Commit-
tee on the Post Office and Post Roads.
Also, the petition of Isaac Seymour, praying
to be allowed arrears of pension; which was re-
ferred to the Committee on Pensions.
Mr. HUNTER presented the memorial of J.
T. Barclay, praying for remuneration for the
discovery of a process for improving the coinage
of the country; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Finance.
Mr. BROWN presented a memorial of a com-
mittee of the corporation of Georgetown, praying
that the corporation of Georgetown may be re-
lieved from the expense of opening and repairing
the roads m the county of Washington, west of
Rock Creek*, which was referred to the Commit-
tee on the District of Columbia.
Mr. PEARCE presented the memorial of Obed
Hussey, praying for an extension of his patent!
for a re'aping machine; which was referred to the
Committee on Patents and the Patent Office.
Mr. TRUMBULL presented the petition of
Cyrus H. McCormick, praying for an extension
of his patent for a reaping machine; which was re-
ferred to the Committee on Patents and the Patent
Office.
Mr. JAMES presented the petition of Nancy
Mann, praying to be allowed bounty land for the
services of her late husband, John Hawkins, in
the revolutionary war; whwh was referred to the
Committee on Public Lands.
Mr. HOUSTON presented the petition of
Tacitus Clay, heir and legal representative of
Thomas Clay, deceased, praying to be indem-
nified against loss on a military land warrant
issued to his ancestor for levolutionary services,
a portion of which was covered by a piior war-
rant; which was referred to the Committee on
Private Land Claims.
Mr. JONES, of Iowa, presented the petition
of J. M. Gould and others, of Rock Island city,
Illinois, praying for permission to establish a
: military institute on the military reservation at
' Rock Island; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs.
Mr. PUGH presented a petition of citizens of
Ohio, praying for the establishment of a mail
route from Oakhiil to Pomeroy, in that State;
which was referred to the Committee on the
Post Office and Post Roads.
Also, a resolution of the city council of Cincin-
nati, in favor of an appropriation for removing
obstructions to navigation at the Falls of the Ohio
river; which was referred to the Committee on
Roads and Canals.
HEIRS OF ETHAN ALLEN.
Mr. SEWARD. I am desired to present to
the Senate the memorial of Ethan A. Allen,
Mary H. Weir, wife of Andrew Weir, and Ethan
Allen Hitchcock, grandchildren of Ethan Allen. ;
These persons are the heirs and representatives
of Colonel Ethan Allen, of revolutionary memory.
I desire to state to the Senate two facts which
appear in this petition. One of them is, that on
the 24th of September, 1778, a resolution was
passed by the Continental Congress in these
words:
Whereas, Congress did on the 14th of May tost, grant to
Ethan Allen the rank of Colonel by brevet in the Army of
the United Statos of America, in reward of bis fortitude,
firmness, and zeal in the cause of his country, manifested
daring the course of his long and cruel captivity, as well as
on former occasions: And whereas, on the 16th day of the
same month, all the benefits and privileges of a Lieutenant
Colonel in the services of these States were granted-to said
Ethan AHen during the time of his late captivity: And
whereas, it is represented to Congress that Colonel Ethan
Alien's circumstances have been greatly reduced by bis late
long and cruel confinement) and his brevet commission does
not entitle him to pay:
Resolved, That seventy-five dollars per month he allowed
to Colonel Allen, from the date of his brevet, during the
pleasure of Congress, or until he shall be called into actual
service.
The other fact is, that under that resolution of
September, 1778, there was due to him at the time
of his death, and which never has been paid, the
sum of $9,675, which his heirs and representa-
tives pray Congress may be paid. I move to
refer the petition, together with an explanatory
paper accompanying it, to the Committee on Rev-
olutionary Claims.
The motion was agreed to.
NAVAL RETIRING BOARD.
Mr. PEARCE presented the memorial of Isaac
S. Sterrett, a commander in the Navy, who has
been placed upon the reserved list, praying to be
restored to his former position in the service;
which was ordered to lie on the table.
Mr. WELLER. I present joint resolutions of
the Legislature of California in regard to the
action of the naval board in the cases of Lieu-
tenants Stanly and Stevens, of the Navy. The
Legislature of that State unanimously passed
these resolutions, disapproving of the action of
the board, so far as these two officers are con-
cerned. They were for a long timo in active
service on the Pacific coast; and, having had an
opportunity of knowing fully the character of
these officers, the Legislature of California has
felt it proper to pass these joint resolutions. 1
ask that the resolutions be read, and I then wish
to submit a few remarks.
The Secretary read the resolutions, as followe:
Resolved by the Senate, (the Assembly concurring,) That
the action of the boatd of Navy officers, under the act of
Congress " to piomote the efficiency of the Navy," approved
February 28,1855, in relation to Lieutenants Fabius Stanly
and T. H. Stevens, was not only unjust to those officers,
but injurious to the public service.
Resolved, That in consideration of the irreproachable
character of the said Fabius Stanly and Thomas H. Ste-
vens as citizens of this State, and of their well-known
good conduct and efficiency in their country's service, our
Senatois aie instructed, and our Representatives in Con-
fess are requested, to use all proper effoits to remedy the
injustice committed by the said board toward these officers,
and to icpair the injury which the action of the said board
is calculated to pioduce to the Navy of the United States*
PieM'iitcd unci passed, Febuiary 13,1856.
Attest: W. BAQSMAN, Secretary Senate.
Mr. WELLER. The action of the board,
in dropping from the rolls Lieutenant Thomas
Holdup Stevens, has caused much deep and pain-
ful feeling, both in and out of the service, it has
been productive of equal surprise and regret. His
brother officers who know him best, and his many
friends not connected with the Navy, in different
parts of the country, are satisfied that (however
unwittingly, or under whatsoever grave and lam-
entable misapprehension) signal injustice has
boen done him; and now that the Secretary of the
j Navy and the President have expressed them-
selves favorable to a correction of the errors ot
the board; (the former stating in his annual re-
port " that there should be and will be found a
remedy for any mistake or error of judgment, if
the service has thus been deprived of a merito-
rious and capable officer, either by reservation or
dropping,") now that the whole subjectis before
the Senate for revision, and, in cooperation wilh
the Executive, remedial action—they, Lieuten-
ant Stevens's friends, are desirous t,o leave no
proper eiforts untried to have his case fairly and
fully considered, in the sane conviction that its
investigation cannot fail to lead to such action as
will result m his restoration to his former posi-
tion m the Navy. They arc utterly at a loss how
to account for his being dropped—the official
notification of which harsh condemnation found
him " unconscious of wrong, unwarned, unques-
tioned, and unsuspecting."
Lieutenant Stevens entered the service in 383G;
and the official Register for 1855 shows him to
have been, during a period of eighteen years'
service, some ten years at sea, and five years on
shore, or other duty. After a cruise of three
years, as midshipman, on board the United States
frigate Independence, Commodore Nicholson, he
