1856.
the Congressional globe.
1775
founded upon tx parte affidavits and testimony.
We do not know whether they are true and gen-
uine or not. In the establishment of the Court of
Claims, we provided the best means which we
were able to supply for the purpose of getting at
the real facts in these claims. There we have an
attorney of the United States, who can have tes-
timony taken upon the part of the Government.
When the court has investigated, the facts which
it reports should be considered as settled. Then
, the question for us to determine is, whether the
principle upon which the claims are based be a
sound one? Thatis the proper course to be pur-
sued.
The Committee on Indian Affairs and' the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary, of which I am a member,
have adopted this rule, and follow it. If a case
is presented to us which appears proper for the
court, we examine their decisions in regard to
their own jurisdiction, and if the case is one
coming within their jurisdiction, we have it re-
ferred to them. We do this in obedience to the
law. It would be unjust to send the great mass
of claimants there, and then to select a favorite
claim and allow it here upon ex parte testimony.
By pursuing this course you provide for bad
claims, and delay good ones. If a man has a bad
claim, he would rather come before a committee
of the Senate or House of Representatives with
tx parte testimony. The Senate can be imposed
upon. If a case is presented to the Senator from
Ohio, or myself, we must get our information
from the papers before us; there is no evidence
upon the other side; there is no attorney for the
United States to sift the claimant's statements.
Sometimes it has happened that a part of the
evidence filed here with a claim does not conform
to the rest, or shows it to be unfounded, and
after eight or ten years it is withdrawn, and the
claim is allowed upon the evidence before Con-
gress.
Before we established the Court of Claims we
had cases pending almost since the Revolution.
They came up year after year. They were re-
jected ten, twenty, or thirty times, and then they
nave passed one House. We know how that is
done—perhaps as we are now—with not half
enough to do business, nobody paying any atten-
tion. They probably went through upon the
report of a committee, somebody being present
who was in favor of them. The practice was
such, that it became a proverb, that a man had
better have a bad claim than a good one, partic-
ularly if it was large, for then he could pay some
one to attend to it. This way a common saying
about the city; and 1 am humiliated to confess
that my observation here for eleven years has
shown its truth. An honest man having a just
claim is willing to have itinvestigated. If he had
labored for the Government, or if the Govern-
ment had taken his property, he is willing to have
it examined. He may not be able to pay, but a
man having a fraudulent claim can pay half what
he gets, and all that he receives is clear profit.
That is the reason why I say this became a pro-
verb. If the claim now before us has been nere
twenty years, it is in the condition of hundreds
of others equally meritorious-.
Take the statement of the Senator from Mich-
igan himself. Congress has again and again paid
claims on that state of facts. You may look
through your statute-book, and I think you will
find one hundred such cases in the fourth volume
of the Statutes at Large. Having been upon some
of the committees who examined this subject, in
the earlier part of my congressional service, I
know the fact. The very case stated by the Sen-
ator from Michigan is within the acknowledged
principles of payment by the Government, Pay-
• ment has been made where a man was removing
his own property with his teams, and the Gov-
ernment took his teams, and let his property fall
into the hands of the enemy. I can give him
many precedents in 181(i, and 1817, and 1818,
where such claims have been allowed. It is within
the principle of compensation, and it is a just
principle. It is a consequential damage. It is
within the principle of the act of 1816. Those
who have examined the subject will recollect that
that act provided paymeut for property destroyed
by the enemy when in possession of the United
States, or m consequence of the action of our own
Government—as where houses were destroyed by
our own troops for defense. They acted on the
principle, that where a man was disabled by the act
-of his own Government from protecting his "own
property, as where they took his transportation
for Government purposes, he should be paid.
That has been acknowledged for forty years. If
this claim goes to the court, and the facts be proved
to come within this principle, it will be paid at
once. I am not objecting to the character of the
claim, but I think that, if it is within the juris-
diction of the court, the Senate ought to take a
stand and send it there.
I recollect that my friend from California
backed me out of the first objection of this kind
which I made. I believe the bill to which I then
objected on the same ground, came up on the
Friday after I made ray objections, and nobody-
else paying attention, i was persuaded to let it
go, because it was a peculiar and a hard casp; but
1 see that the same appeal may be made in every
case. I prefer to adhere to principle. I will
pursue the rule; it is a sound rule, and I think
the Senate ought to adhere to it.
Mr. CASS. Notwithstanding the opinion of
the honorable Senator from Georgia, I do not
see anything so rigid in the organization of the
Court of Claims, or so rigid in our practice, as to
exclude us from the consideration of all cases
now before us. When a claim has been fairly
brought before your committees, fairly investi-
gated and reported upon prior to the organization
of the court, 1 think, unless under extreme cir-
cumstances, we ought to go on with it. In such
cases one of the mam reasons for the institution
of the courtfails. We have ample time, and I have
no doubt that, if this case had been heard before,
it would have been determined long ere this.
As I said before, there are cases where, from the
expenses attendant upon litigation in the Court
of Claims, to send a party there would be an
actual denial of justice. I know that this would
be one of that class. It seems to me to consti-
tute a case for the Senate to go on with the bill.
It is here; the labor of investigation has been
done; the merits of the case are before us; I hope .
the bill will be allowed to pass.
Mr. WELLER. I do not recollect what dis-
position was made of the case referred to by the
Senator from Georgia; but I think the objection
which I interposed at that time was, that I was
anxious to dispose of a large number of bills on
the Calendar, and I desired to avoid the discus-
sion of the important question raised by the Sen-
ator from Georgia on that bill.
The Senate must see that there is a necessity
for some uniformity in our action in this matter.
The Senator from Georgia has disclosed the
principle on which the committees to which he
belongs act. The committees of which I am a
member act on entirely differentprinciples. I am
chairman of the Committee on Military Affairs;
and, as such, I take jurisdiction of ail cases which
are referred to that committee. If lam perfectly
satisfied, from investigation, that a claim referied
to us is a just and fair one, 1 report in favorofit.
if we have doubts as to its propriety, we either
report adversely',or send itto the Court of Claims
for investigation. There ought to be some uni-
formity on that subject. There onghtto be some
rule of the Senate, prescribing what classes of
claims shall not £o to the committee, but shall be
referred to the Court of Claims, for the reason,
as I have already said, that,as chairman of the
Military Committee, I take jurisdiction of all
cases sent to that committee and whenever I am
perfectly satisfied of their justice, I am unwilling
to compel the claimant, perhaps a poor man, to
o-o and employ a lawyer and prosecute it befoie
the Court of Claims. As my friend from Mich-
igan says, it would in a hundred cases operate as
a total denial of justice, to require them to come
here and employ attorneys; for in this city, as m
California, lawyers must be well paid before they
do anything. I say, if you were to enforce this
rule against the hundreds and thousands of per-
sons holding small claims against the Govern-
ment, it would be an entire denial of justice.
But I am anxious to pass this bill, and I will
not prolong discussion. I suggest to my friend
from Georgia, the propriety of having some rule
proposed to the Senate which shali define pre-
cisely the jurisdiction of our committees, and the
jurisdiction of the Court of Claims.
Mr. BROUHEAD. The Committee on Claims
have acted generally upon the rule suggested by
the honorable Senator from Georgia. We do not
make it inflexible; but as a general thing, where
the court has jurisdiction we have heretofore re-
ferred the cases to the court. We did not make 1
the rule inflexible, and therefore did not,refer this
case.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I have looked at the papers
in this ease for the purpose of satisfying the Sen-
ate of the total 'want of propriety and wisdom in
' the course which we are adopting, in passing
bills of this kind without examination in behaff
of the Government. Taking up the papers in this
claim, 1 find that the bill of damages which it ia
proposed to pay to these claimants was made out
in 1813. It is forty-three years old. I find that
the report is to pay the total amount of the claim-
ant's bill, without one cent of reduction, taking
his own statement of what he lost at his own
prices. J do not know—it is impossible for me
to tell what at that date was the value of articles;
but I find such articles as Sicily wine (worth, I
believe, forty or fifty cents) charged at four or
five dollars a gallon; Hyson skin tea charged at
two dollars and a half a pound. There is a class
of charges of this kind making up the total
amount allowed. I venture to say there is not
probably a member of the committee who in-
quired into the quantity or value of one of those
articles. If the matter went before the Court of
Claims, the Solicitor of the Government would
inquire into the quantity of the goods lost, if the
Government is to pay for them, and into their
value.
This claim (which was sworn to in 1846, though
the loss was in 1813) was originally brought up
in 1834. Mr. Whittlesey then examined it and
declared that, in his judgment, it was totally
without merit. He said the evidence was insuffi-
cient to prove it; that the amounts were not
shown; that nobody seemed to know anything
definite about it; that it came within no principle
on which the Government ought to pay. That
was in 1834—twenty-two years ago. It has been
before other committees since. Part of the evi-
dence which Mr. Whittlesey pointed out as being
deficient, has been supplied; but I do not find,in
all the papers here, the testimony of a solitary
individual as to the quantity or value of the prop-
erty lost. There is nothing on the face of these
papers but the claimant's own statement of the
quantity and value.
Now, sir, I dare say this claim may be a proper
one to a certain extent, but I will venture here
the assertion that, if it ever be investigated in the
Court of Claims, and a bill be reported from that
court in favor of this claimant, it will be for less
than half the amount. I say that, on the very
face of the papers, the Government has had no
opportunity of examining. We know very well
that a year or two ago we passed a bill for the
payment of a claim somewhat of this character,
and after we passed the bill, when the claimants
went to the Treasury Department to get their
money, they found the entry of payment forty
years before.
Mr. TOOMBS. This session we passed a bill
for Mrs. Adjutant General Jones, though the
money had been paid before, and we had to,re-
consider the vote.
Mr. BENJAMIN. It is evident that, unless
there is some officer whose business it is, under
the responsibility of his office, to look into the
claims in behalf of the Government, there can be
no end to the fraud and deception that will be
piacticcd. I do not say it in relation to this par-
liculdr case; but I am satisfied, that if there ever
was a case which ought to be investigated on the
side of the Government, this is one. I say it,
not pretending to doubt that the man's wagon
was stopped, and that he had goods and lost
goods; but there is nothing here to satisfy any
reasonable inquirer as to the extent of his loss.
I hope, therefore, the Senate will pass favorably
on the proposition which I have made, that this
matter may be submitted to the Court of Claims
for examination.
Mr. CASS. 1 repeat the expression of the
hope that these two young women, helpless as
they are, will not be made the scape-goats, or
at any rate will not be made the first persons to
suffer under the application of these principles. -1
knew Mr. Bronson. He came to me fifty times
about this claim. I knew him for thirty years.
He was an honest and good raao. He was a
