1776
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBJp.
July 25.
merchant, and when the British came he was
going away. My honorable friend from Louis-
iana°is a younger man than I am. We " old
fogies" know something about prices during the
war. What he has said reminds me that wine
paid a dollar a gallon duty at that time. I do
not know how much tea was, but it was such a
frightful price that nobody could drink it. We
drank gallons of Batavia coffee, because we could
not afford to buy any other. This man was an
honest man; he was a member of the church, and
verified his loss under oath—all the items.
Mr. BENJAMIN. His oath bears date 1846,
thirty-three years after his loss.
Mr. CASS. He was prosecuting it all the time,
and it was fresh in his mind until his dying day.
He lived not far from mo; I often talked with
him. It is as honest a claim as was ever pre-
sented. I believe that, if sent to the Coiirt of
Claims, it will never be heard of again; for these
two young women cannot prosecute it.
Mr. WADE. The prices in the schedule
referred to by the Senator from Louisiana did
not escape the investigation of the committee.
Theyaie very large and extravagant, J grant you,
when compared to the price of articles now; but
those who lived at the West at any period during
the time of the last war with England, or who
went there for a great while afterwards, are not
unmindful of the exorbitant prices that all gro-
ceries cost then. Hardly anybody used them;
only the wealthiest men that we had could afford
to use them. They were generally kept forsick-
iiess, or something of the kind. "W ine svas aimost
unknown to the people generally at that period.
The committee looked at all these circumstances.
Aly opinion is, from what 1 know of the prices
there at that rarly period, or even at a period
much subsequent to that, that these prices are
not oveistaied. i judge from my knowledge of
what prices were a long tune after the war, and
before the Erie canal was made. I do not believe
they are overstated. If you compare them with
the prices of groceries and articles of the same
kind now, they bear no proportion. The com-
mittee considered that matter, and did not think
the prices were unreasonable, high, or extrava-
gant, aw they appear on the face of them. I bc-
li>'\e that the case was well proved.
Mr. JUlODilEA-D. Let me remind my col-
league on tile committee, that the reason why we
did not refer this case to the Court of Claims was,
that the law of expired by its own limit-
ation; and therefore there was no law under
which the party wmtd present his claim at the
i_><-panne nt, or bofoie the Court. The Court of
Chums is governed by something like legal prm-
' Mr, WADE, f have already stated that we
had the question under consideration, whether
the court had jurisdiction of tins particular claim,
and came to the conclusion that it lmd not, hut
would probably dismiss it for want of jurisdic-
tion. This objection has not been made before.
Theie were some old claims pending before the
Committee on Cljims of which they had taken
jurisdiction; and they have proceeded, I believe,
jn every instance, on full investigation, to report
a Lull. They have passed constantly on claims of
the saim: kind. 1 recollect that four or five claims,
growing out of damages during the last war,
Ji.jve hi.eii passed by the Senate at this session
without going l>> the Court of Claims. I am
willing that tiie eases which I may be called upon
to iiivrsu^are shell go to th.it court; 1 hope they
will, hereafter, at ml events; but it seems very
hard, after a man has been prosecuting a claim
for years before Congress and its committees,
and has brought the committees to a conclusion
in Ins favor, that you should turn him off to a
new jurisdiction. If you had done it uniformly
I should have been satisfied. I am for equality
3n tins matter, for equality is equity. If it had
been done m all the other cases, I should say let
it be done in this; but when I know that other
claims, precisely the same in principle as this,
have pas-;c<i without objection, it seems hard that
this particular ca^e should be taken up and made
an example of. 1 nm willing to adopt any rule by <
which all cases shall ^o to the Court of Claims I
on any prmnplo that the Senate may establish, i
j hope teere will bo some uniformity; but as we \
*:tt\ j progressed so far, 1 hope there will not be J
un e:>..-nnpie made of this particular case. i
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The question
is on the motion of the Senator from Louisiana
to refer the bill to the Court of Claims.
The question being taken, on a division there
■were—ayes 9, noes 38; no quorum voting.
Mr. FOOT called for the yeas and nays; and
they were ordered; and being taken, resulted—
yeas 12, nays 21; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Adams, Benjamin, Big?s, Butler, Clay,
Fitzp&trick, Hunter, Johnson, Pearce, Pugh, Reiil, and
Toombs—12.
NAYS—Messrs. Allen, Bigler, Bright, Brodhead, Cass,
Collamer, Pessenden, Fish, Foot, Foster, Gcyer, Hamlin,
Houston, Iverson, James, Mallory, Trumbull, Wade, Wel-
ler, YVright, and Yuiee—21.
So the motion was not agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, read the third time, and passed.
ADJOURNMENT TO MONDAY.
Mr. MALLORY. I move that when the Sen-
ate adjourns to-day, it be to meet on Monday
next.
Mr. ADAMS. 1 ask for the yeas and nays
on that motion. We are now within about three
weeks of the day of final adjournment, and why
we should lose one day out of the six of this week
I am unable to understand.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore put the question
on ordering the yeas and nays, and only four
Senators rose—not one fifth of the member s
present.
Mr. ADAMS. At this stage of the session,
within three weeks of the final adjournment, it is
strange that such a proposition as this should be
made, when we know that it is not necessary for
the meeting of the committees. Now, it is pro-
posed to throw away one sixth of the time when
there is such a mass of business before the Sen-
ate undisposed of, and Senators will not allow the
yeas and nays to be taken upon the motion to
adjourn over. It is somewhat remarkable. Only
four Senatois are willing to show by the record
who wishes to throw away the time ofthe Senate,
and who docs not—I say again, it is very re-
markable.
Mr. TOOMBS. The Senator is wholly mis-
taken. When he called for the yeas and nays, I
remarked in my seat that I hoped the Senate
would not indulge the gentleman in any such
demand—not that any member of the Senate is
afraid to vote, and to record his vote, for this mo-
tion. I am willing to answer for every Senator,
that lie has no fear upon that point. You may
put me down for this motion every time it is
made, and I have no fear m recording myself for
it. I have no such purpose as that of throwing
away the time of the Senate. The Senator inti-
mates that gentlemen are afraid to show their
votes for throwing away time. It is an imputa-
tion upon this body. I think this motion is very
proper. The Senate is far ahead of the other
House in its business. 1 should be willing to sit
only three days a week now, for 1 think that is
enough in the present state of our business. The
Senator may lecord that against me. We have
more time than we want. In fact, I do not believe
there is upon your Calendar a single measure of
general public importance which ought to pass.
When we get from the other House the general
appropriation bills, v/c shall have something to
proceed with. As far as the public business is
concerned, we are now meeting here very unne-
cessarily most ofthe time. The public business
before us does not require it. I have no idea of
gentlemen being afraid to adjourn from Friday to
Monday. The Senator may put me down for
such adjournments, whenever I can get a chance
to vote for them. He may consider me as in
favor of sitting as few days as possible, and of
passing as few bills as possible.
Mr. ALLEN. I hope we shall have the yeas
and nays to gratify the honorable Senator from
Mississippi.
Mr. MALLORY. It is a novel proposition
of the Senator from Mississippi, that because he
demands the yeas and nays on this particular
occasion, and they are not conceded, gentlemen
do not wish to show their hands. I have made
this motion to-day, 1 believe, for the first time
since I have been in the Senate. I made the mo-
tion because we had transacted business thus far
this morning without a quorum. There has not
been a quorum since we have been sitting here
all the morning- Now, where is the mass of
business of which the Senator from Mississippi
speaks, that we have to do? "We are far ahead
in our business. We have exhausted the morn-
ing in discussing a claim of forty years' standing
without a quorum. If that is the way in which
we go on, the inference is, that it is because Sen-
ators know*we are ahead in our business. I do
not think there is any public necessity for sitting
to-morrow, and therefore I have made the motion.
Mr. ADAMS. The Senator from Florida is
evidently under a mistake, or the Secretary has
misreported the last vote on the yeas and nays,
for there was certainly a quorum here then—
enough, at any rate, to pass the bill. I may,
perhaps, have misconstrued the reason for refus-
ing the yeas and nays, or made an improper
remark in regard to it. According to my recol-
lection, I have not known, on any former occa-
sion, adjournments over from Friday until Mon-
day at this stage of the session. It is said that
we are ahead of the House of Representatives in
our business. That we have passed very many
bills which will not be passed by that body is
undoubtedly true; but I apprehend that if you
look to yourCalendaryou will find that the House
of Representatives have passed bills which have
not been acted on By the Senate. I think it likely
that I shall vote against as many of the bills that
are pending as my friend from Georgia; but while
we have time I am willing to have them brought
up, to investigate them, and to vote for or against
them. That was the whole of my meaning. I
take it for granted that there is no Senator here
who is afraid to vote against an adjournment from
Thursday to Monday, or from I'riday to Mon-
day; yet when I asked for the yeas and nays
there was not a sufficient number to order them
to be taken; and hence I made the remark which
I did.
Mr. Mx\LLORY. My statement is entirely
correct. My friend from Mississippi will observe
that the whole discussion on this private bill has
been had without a quorum, and gentlemen were
asked to vote when the yeas and nays were
called, to make a quorum, even after they came
into the Chamber. I assert that there has not
been a quorum present during the discussion
which we have had this morning.
The PRESlDENT^ro tempore. Does the Chair
understand the Senator from Rhode Island to call
for the yeas and nays?
Mr. ALLEN. I said that I hoped we should
order the yeas and nays to be taken to gratify
the Senator from Mississippi.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. WELLER. I shall vote for this motion
to adjourn until Monday, because there are, as I
learn, a great many Senators who desire to visit
the steamship now lying off this city; and for
my own part, I have, as usual, a vast amount of
business at the Departments which I can transact
on Saturday.
Mr. ADAMS. I wish to say now, that really
mv great objection to adjourning over was, that
I supposed the object to be to afford an oppor-
tunity to visit the ship of which the Senator from
California has spoken. The owner of that ves-
sel visited this city during the past winter, and
urged that certain employment should be given
him by the Government. His application was
considered, and occupied some time. We know
that heretofore efforts to increase the compensa-
\ tion of ocean steamers have failed, until the ves-
sels were brought to the Potomac, and Congress
: invited to visit them. I was in hopes that no
Senator would think of visiting this ship, under
these circumstances, and therefore I did not de-
sire the adjournment over.
Mr. MALLORY. J believe we have not sat
on Saturday during the whole session.
Mr. BIGLER. I shall vote for this motion,
but at the same time I say to the Senator from
Mississippi that I shall not visit the steamer.
The yeas and nays being taken, resulted—yeas
; 28, nays 4; as follows:
YFMS—Messrs. Allen, Benjamin, fiiqler, Btiplit, Brod-
I tnjad, Hufier, Ca.v'. Clay, Collainer. Fee-enden, FI - i >, Fitz-
1 patuck. Foot, Foster, Geyer, Hamlm. 1 veison, JamCtf, John-
1 son, Mujtory, Pearee, lteid, Toombs, Tnmibuil, Wade,
. Wellcr, IViidit, and Yulee—28.
] NAYri—Messrs. Adams, Biggs, Houston, and Pugh—4.
I So it was
] Ordered, That when tfie Senate adjourns to-day, it be to
! meet on Monday ne.'-.l-
