166
APPENDtX TO THE CONGRfcSSIONAL GLOBE.
[March 7,
34th Cong....1st Sess. Kansas Contested Election—Mr. Oliver, of Missouri.
Ho. op Repb.
influenced either by passion or prejudice. Never-
theless, I am free to declare, that all the denun-
ciations so freely and bitterly heaped upon the
devoted head of Governor Reeder have not, in
the slightest degree, lowered him in my estimation
or lessened the confidence I have heretofore^ re-
posed in his honor and integrity. I now believe
him to be as free from all taint of dishonor and
false motives as he was when called from the
peaceful pursuits of his profession in Pennsyl-
vania, by President Pierce, to the governorship
of Kansas; and that it is fully in his power to
vindicate his whole conduct from the foul and
degrading aspersions cast upon it by hi{j enemies
so soon as an opportunity is given to him. i am
persuaded that ne can and will prove, most con-
clusivelyy that all his acts, both official and unofn-
cial, were rigidly correct, and in strict accordance
with the nicest sense of duty; and that the alleged
inconsistencies of his career are more seeming
than real, and involve none of the elements of
wrong and culpability attributed to them.
What does the case before us represent ? It
represents that when the people of Kansas were
about to elect members to their Territorial Legis-
lature, for the purpose of organizing their gov-
ernment and taking the initiative in establishing
its laws and policy, they were invaded, subju-
gated, and overwhelmed by armed forces from
Missouri, who, in military array, marched into
the several election precincts, and by violence,
threats, and intimidation drove away and awed
into passiveness the surprised and defenseless
voters; took possession of th e ballot-boxes; ejected
the officers legally appointed to hold and conduct
the election; substituted for them pliant instru-
ments selected from among themselves; and then
went through the farce of electing minions of
their own to the Legislature, many of whom were
not even residents of the Territory; that the men
thus lawlessly chosen by these armed marauders
subsequently assembled as the Legislature, and
in utter disregard of the action of the Governor,
assumed and exercised the absolute power of
deciding oil the legality of their own elections,
and then proceeded to enact, amongst others, a
law for the election of a Delegate to represent the
Territory in this House; that when tne election
took place, scenes of invasion, violence, and law-
lessness similar to those which had marked the
history of the previous March elections were re-
enacted, and resulted in the selection of the sitting
Delegate, General Whitfield; and that,ever since,
there has been anarchy and confusion , riot, crime,
and bloodshed throughout the Territory, perpe-
trated by the authority and under the sanction of
these usurpers of rightful authority. Sir, if this
case be true, it is one whose enormity has no par-
allel in our history—a case which exhibits an
utter disregard for all law and order, and one that
calls loudly for correction. It tells of a stab
aimed at tne very vitals of our Government; of
the substitution of the revolver and the bowie-
knife for the ballot-box; of the inauguration of the
reign of ruffianism instead of the benign influences
ofcivilizationand humanity; and of the prevalence
of passions and animosities which have signalized
their presence by cruel outrages, torturing per-
secutions, and cowardly murders. And yet it is
fravely argued, even if all these representations
e true, that such a case is beyond investigation
by this House, and that the seat of a Delegate
alleged to have been sent here under the auspices
of such monstrosities cannot be contested or de-
clared vacant. It seems passing strange thatany
opposition should be made to an investigation into
these allegations and charges by those who deny
their truth. If I were a friend of the sitting Dele-
gate, and had a tithe of the confidence professed
' by his supporters in the merits of his case, I would
eagerly court the closest scrutiny, the largest and
most extended inquiry. The denial of it, the
attempt to evade and escape from it by technical
subtleties and false issues, creates a larger and
firmer belief in the existence of these evils, and
will kindle afresh the fires that have been burning
in the public heart and searing the fraternal bonds
which have united together the different sections
of our common country in kindly union. Sir,
the magnitude of the interests here involved, the
great ends of public justice proposed to be accom-
plished, the vindication of the insulted law, the
restoration of invaluable rights, and the peace,
quiet, and safety of the whole American people,
demand that this investigation should be made—
fully, promptly, and effectually made. In my
judgment, there is no better mode of making it
than the one proposed. The committee, clothed
with the power.of this House, and sustained by-
its authority, can effectually compel the attend-
ance of the necessary witnesses, force the pro-
duction of the needful papers, and subject to per-
| sonal examination everything eonnected with this
most unhappy controversy. An examination
j made in so solemn and authoritative a manner,
and laid before the people, will dispel the difficul-
ties which surround the subject, correct the evils
necessarily attendant upon imperfect and doubtful ;
information, and soothe and calm down the ex-
citement and agitation which now pervade and
distress the public mind. i
The whole subject is a momentous one, and
closely connccted with the prosperity and perpe-
tuity of our institutions,ana should, therefore_,be
treated in a manner commensurate with its im-
portance, and not be trammeled and embarrassed
by sharp technicalities and trivial objections, un-
worthy of the subject and the respo 11 sibility of
this House. Let us take hold of the question
boldly and fearlessly, like men sincere in the
search of the truth and right, determined to leave
nothing undone that will mark our deep and last-
ing detestation of outrages against popular rights,
and satisfy the people that here is a citadel where
their liberties will find shelter, protection, and
vindication. Why should investigation be stifled?
Is it because gentlemen fear its results? Do they
know that the Delegate from, Kansas is sitting
here by rights usurped, and in defiance of the
wishes of the people of that Territory, and that
these facts will be made clearly manifest by the
proposed inquiry ? If these be not their convic-
tions, it is difficult to account for the pertinacity
of theiropposition, and the deep anxiety displayed
in thwarting the only practical means of develop-
ing and thoroughly exposing the true history and
cpndition of the anair3 of Kansas. They should
remember that truth never shrinks from the light,
but, on the contrary* courts examination, and
delights in opportunities wherein to display her
beauty and strength. Ever disdaining to take
shelter behind equivocal ramparts, or to fight
with the weapons of sophistry, she trustingly
stands out in the open plain, relying alone and
securely upon the conquering power of her intrinsic
invincibility. Gentlemen on the other side of the
House owe it to themselves and to the cause of
right and justice to join hands with us in sifting
out the truth of this case, and in establishing,
upon firm and just foundations, the quiet, order,
and prosperity of the Territory of Kansas. And
because I believe such results can only be at-
tained by action guided by the light of an ample
and searching inquiry into the abuses, disorders,
and wrongs alleged to have existed and still pre-
vailing in Kansas, 1 will cheerfully vote for the
committee's resolution.
KANSAS CONTESTED ELECTION.
SPEECH OF HON. M. OLIVER,
OF MISSOURI,
In the House of Representatives,
March 7, 1856,
| On the Resolution from the Committee of Elections in the
Contested-Election case from the Territory of Kansas.
Mr. OLIVER, of Missouri, said:
Mr. Speaker.: As I rarely offer myself to the
notice of the House, or trespass upon its time, I
flatter myself that I may, with confidence, claim
with any legal propriety or justification, adopt
that resolution—a resolution asking for powers
so extraordinary under the circumstances. Gen-
eral Whitfield has been permitted to take his seat
in this House by virtue of the commission which
he received from the Governor of the Territory
of Kansas, certifying to the House that he was
duly elected, and is entitled to a seat on this floor
as Delegate from that Territory. This being the
case, Governor Reeder makes his appearance
before the House to contest the right of General
Whitfield to a seat, and meanwhile sets up tho
strange and extraordinary pretension of his own
right to occupy the seat now occupied by General
Whitfield. Governor Reeder contests the right
of the sitting Delegate mainly upon the ground
that the law under which he was elected was,
and is, null and void, for the reason, as he alleges,
that the Legislature of the Territory which en-
acted that law was composed of members not
chosen in accordance with the provisions of the
act organizing the Territory, but were imposed
upon the Territory by the illegal votes, accom-
panied by force and violence, of people from the
neighboring State of Missouri. Whether it be
true or false, that the elections in that Territory
were controlled by illegal voters from the State
of Missouri, as alleged by Governor Reeder, that
is a matter into which tms House cannot inquire
to the end of declaring the laws passed by that
Legislature null and void. I maintain that the
House, in this contested case, is to be regarded
as a court, and governed in its deliberations and
final adjudication of the questions before it by the
same rules which would govern a court ofjustice
in passing upon any question arising under the
laws of the Territory of Kansas.
It becomes, then, important to inquire whether
any court, having jurisdiction over any question
of a public or private character arising under the
laws of that Territory, would have power, accord-
ing to the rules of law, to go behind the legislation
and inquire into the qualification of the members
who composed the Legislature. I scarcely deem
it necessary to argue a proposition of that char-
acter, for I apprehend gentlemen will search in
vain for any rule of law tending in the remotest
degree to establish such a proposition. All the
courts can do is to determine whether the laws
passed by any Legislature are consistent with
the Constitution of the United States, or with the
constitutions of the States in which they are
passed, or, as in the case in hand, consistent with
the provisions of the organic act. Finding* them
to be consistent with the Constitution or with the
organic act, they must then proceed to administer
them fairly and impartially as they stand upon
the statute-book, and have no power to go behind
the legislation to look into the qualification of the
members of the Legislature from which they em-
anate. If, then, the courts of the country have
no such power, with much less reason could this
Congress arrogate to itself and exercise so mon-
strous a power ? For if this Congress has the
power to declare the laws of Kansas null and
void, because the Legislature was composed of
members irregularly chosen, then, by a parity of
reasoning, they would have the power, in a case
similar to this, to go behind the legislation of even
a State Legislature to inquire ihto the legality of
the election of the members to that Legislature, to
do which would be a" palpable invasion of the re-
served rights of the States, and would lead to the
most calamitous consequences.
The act organizing the Territories of Kansas
and Nebraska conferred upon or recognized the
right of the people therein to govern themselves
in all matters pertaining purely to their domestic
interests and welfare, just as fully and completely
as the States possess the power; and the sama
rules by which this House would be governed
the attention :of its members, and bespeak their
patientindulgence on this occasion, while I present j in passing upon the question of a contest for a
my views upon the subject now before us. j 1 seat, as the Representative from a State, must
The question under consideration, as I under- j govern them in their deliberations and action upon
stand it, is as to the propriety and, indeed, the j, the case ' * x~~~
legality of adopting the resolution reported to the 1
House*by the majority of the Committee of Elec- 1
tions, asking the House to confer upon that com-
mittee power to send for persons and papers in
the matter of the contested election between Gov-
ijernor Reeder and General Whitfield. I shall,
i, endeavor to show, sir, that the House cannot,;
now under consideration. No line of
distinction can be drawn between them.
Now, Mr. Speaker, the only ground upon
which Governor Reeder could contest General
Whitfield's right to his seat would be that Gen-
eral Whitfield had obtained his election by illegal
votes; and even then he must make it appear that
he was himself a candidate, and received a greater
