1856.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
161
34th Cong....1st Sess.
Kansas Contested Election—Mr. Oliver, of Missouri.
Ho. or Reps.
number of legal rotes than did General Whitfield.
This, however, has not been, and I presume will
not be, pretended by Governor Reeder, or by any
of his friends; for the Governor says that he was
not a candidate at the election of the 1st of Octo-
ber; and he states, as the reason why he was not
a candidate at that election, that he looked upon
the laws of the Territory as utterly null and void,
and would not give countenance to them by sub-
mitting his claims to the people under them. I
contend, therefore, that Governor Reeder should
not be any longer entertained by this House in
contesting the right of General Whitfield to his
eeat. It does not appear that General Whitfield
had any competitor at all. Admitting, then, for
the sake of the argument, that he did receive many
illegal votes, still, if he received any legal votes at
all,lie is entitled to retain his seat upon this floor,
the illegal votes which he received not vitiating
his election according to any rule of law.
The power asked for, toeend for persons and pa-
pers to be used as evidence in this case, ought not
to be granted by the House for many reasons.
Governor Reeder is manifestly a mere pretender.
He comes before the House relying upon no Jaw,
national or territorial, on which to base his con-
testation of General Whitfield's seat; but, on the
contrary, he comes before the House with the
bold declaration that there was no law of the Ter-
ritory of Kansas under which he could have been
himself elected. To grant the power asked by the
majority of the committee would only be giving
countenance to the merest pretender, putting
the sitting member to much trouble and incon-
venience, and possibly to great expense, interfer-
ing with the legitimate discharge of his duties as
Delegate from that Territory; and, besides that,
bringing fifty or a hundred or more men to this
city, at an enormous expense to the country, in
full view of the fact that, if everything should be
proven by them which is alleged in the report of
the majority of the committee, and the statement
filed by Governor Reeder himself, which is made
a part of that report, this House could not then
unseat General Whitfield without violating every
well-established rule of law on the subject of con-
tested elections. Sir, it could result in nothing
more than an augmentation of the excitement al-
ready unhappily existing in regard to that Ter-
ritory; an excitement which all patriots and lovers
of their"country hope to see speedily subside, as
being dangerous to the Union and to the peace
and well-being of the whole country. This House
should give no countenance and lend no aid to
him who has originated a proceeding, and prose-
cutes itto-dayupon no legal basis, ana for no legit-
imate orpraiseworthy object, but only, as I verily
believe, to defeat the operation of all law, and to
involve the country in a wild and unhappy agita-
tion in regard to the affairs of Kansas, in order to
keep up the association of his name with the
events of that far-off Territory and himself prom-
inently before the public eye, and especially be-
fore his peculiar northern friends and allies, as a
martyr to the cause of human freedom, to African
liberty, and to render himself an available candi-
date before the Pittsburg convention of the Black
Republican party.
But, sir, even if Governor Reeder presented
himself to the House as a legitimate contestant
of the right of General Whitfield to his seat—in
other words, even had he been a competitor of
General Whitfield before the people, and recog-
nized to the fullest extent the validity of the laws
of Kansas—I submit that he shows in his state-
ment, which is made a part of the majority report,
no just ground upon which to ask the House to
confer upon the committee the power to send for
persons and papers. It will be recollected that
the election of a Delegate to Congress from the
Territory of Kansas took place on the 1st day
of October, 1855, and that the returns of that
election were made to the proper officers of the
Territory. It must be borne in mind, also, that
the act of 1851 prescribes the mode of taking
depositions in cases of contested elections. Gov-
ernor Reeder has not complied with the provisions
of that act in any particular whatever. He failed
to give notice to the sitting Delegate, as that act
required. He failed to take depositions in the Ter-
ritory in accordance with the provisions of that
act; and now this House could not consistently
confer the power asked for by the majority of the
committee, unless they or Governor Reeder can
show to the House some extraordinary reason
upon which to base the request; as for, instance,
some providential interference which prevented
him from giving the notice, and taking the deposi-
tions, and so forth.
It will be seen, by reference to the report of the
majority of the committee and the statement of
Governor Reeder, that he represents that he was
unable to take depositions to show how many
illegal votes were cast, for the reason that he
could not procure from the Secretary of the Ter-
ritory copies of the poll-books. He does not state
in the paper referred to that he was prevented
from examining the poll-books in the office of the
secretary of the Territory, nor that he applied for
any such purpose, and was refused; but simply
that he was unable to procure copies of the poll-
books. He States as a further reason that there
were no officers in the Territory before whom he
could take depositions, except some one of the
judges of the supreme court of that Territory,
who had received their appointments from the
President of the United States; and that he could
not take the depositions before them, because it
would have been inconvenient for either party to
travel through the Territory for the purpose of
taking the depositions at the points which he
would have designated. He says that he could
not have undertaken to take depositions before
any justice of the peace, judge of a county court,
or any other judicial officer in the Territory who
held nis office under and by virtue of the laws of
the Territory, for the reason that he held those
laws to be utterly null and void, and the officers
referred to as holding their offices without legal
authority.
If the House, then, were to grant the authority
asked for by the majority of the committee, it
would be a concession on its part that the reasons
assigned by the committee and by Governor
Reeder constitute sufficient ground upon which
to grant him this indulgence; and it would be vir-
tually a declaration that the laws of the Territory
were and are null and void, and that there was no
territorial officer before whom Governor Reeder
could have taken the depositions as required by
law. This, I suppose, the House will hardly do.
I hope not, at all events, for the sake of its own
dignity and character as the national representa-
tion. Begging, then, the House to remember
that it is sitting as a court of justice in the matter
of this contested case, I ask if honorable members
believe that, according to any rule of law, any
court having jurisdiction over cases arising under
the laws of the Territory of Kansas, would grant
a continuance to a party upon the facts alleged
by Governor Reeder in the majority report as the
grounds upon which he asks that the committee
have power to send for persons and papers in the
case, thereby delaying tne investigation to almost
an indefinite period ? No party in any court can
ever obtain a continuance of his case for the pur-
pose of taking depositions or procuring evidence
of any sort, unless he shows to the satisfaction
of the court that he has used at least ordinary dil-
igence in efforts to procure the evidence he seeks
to obtain, and never when it is seen by the court
that the facts which he seeks to prove, if estab-
lished, would have no bearing on his case under
any rule of law whatever. It is evident,that, even
if the facts stated by Governor Reeder were
proven, as alleged, to the satisfaction of the
House, the House could not, consistently with
the well-established rules of parliamentary law,
turn General Whitfield out of his seat; and, even
if they were to do so, it must be manifest to every
member of this House, on every side and of all
parties, that Governor Reeder snows no ground
upon which we could put him in the vacant seat.
And here, Mr. Speaker, I must be permitted to
remark—for it is the deep conviction of my mind
—that I believe Governor Reeder has no hope,
not the remotest expectation, of obtaining a seat
upon this floor. His only hope and desire is to
unseat General Whitfield. That being accom-
plished, he would himself quietly, I doubt not,
retire from the conflict, ana we should behold
another Richmond in the field—one Mark Dele-
hay. Governor Reeder claims to have been elected
by the "free-State party" in Kansas, in disre-
gard, and indeed in contempt, of all law, territo-
rial or national; but he has presented no certificate
of an election, even, at the hands of a promis-
cuous assemblage of disorganizing spirits. Sub-
sequent to his election, the celebrated Topeka
convention was held by the free-State party in
Kansas, and they framed there what they call a
State constitution, under which this said Mark
Delehay was elected as a member of this House
from the State of Kansas. Now, Mr. Speaker,
I maintain that, if either Governor Reeder or
Delehay has any pretensions to a just claim to a
seat on this floor, Delehay's claim is certainly
superior to Reeder's, inasmuch as his alleged elec-
tion was subsequent in time, and was by votes
received, not of the citizens of the Territory of
Kansas, but of the State of Kansas, made so by
the Topeka convention in a revolutionary move-
ment, independent of, and in open defiance of,
all law ana of all the constituted authorities of
that Territory. Delehay should be more respected
j i by the House than Reeder, for the reason tnat he
1 holds a commission; he has a certificate of his
election, signed, I believe, by the immortal James
Robinson, Governor of "the State of Kansas,"
and comes with the more high-sounding and dig-
nified title of " Representative from the State of
Kansas," instead of "Delegate from the Terri-
tory of Kansas."
But, Mr. Speaker, with all the lights before us,
furnished by the majority and minority reports,
accompanied by the allegations of Governor
Reeder and the denials of General Whitfield, to-
gether with all the facts and circumstances thai
are known to the members of this House touch-
ing the course and conduct of Governor Reeder
whilst presiding over the affairs of the Territory
of Kansas, it seems to mc that Governor Reeder
should be the very last man to come into this
House and maintain that the laws of Kansas are
null and void, for the reasons that he has assigned.
And why so, sir? The act organizing the Terri-
tories of Kansas and Nebraska became a law on
the 30th day of May, 1854. Governor Reeder
received his commission as Governor of the Ter-
ritory of Kansas on the 29th day of June, 1854.
The Governor of the Territory of Nebraska re-
! ceived his commission on the 2d day of August,
j in the same year. The Governor of Kansas was
! required by law to have the census of the tjuali-
j fiea voters of the Territory taken, as preliminary
! to holding an election, for members of the Legis-
! lature of that Territory. It was also made his
| duty to designate the time and places of holding
i that election, and also the time and place of the
! " meeting" of the first Territorial Legislature.
'> Substantially the same duties were required of
, the Governor 6f the Territory of Nebraska. The
! first Legislative A ssembly of the Territory of Ne-
I braska convened on the 16th day of January,
| 1855, and thus the government of that Territory
i was put into successful operation even before
: Governor REeder had taken the first steps toward
the election of members of the Legislature of
Kansas, ltseems that the Governor of Nebraska,
soon after receiving his commission, repaired to
the field of his labors and entered at once upon
the discharge of the responsible duties devolved
tipon him, with a view to promote the peace and
general welfare of the Territory over which he
was called to preside. No complaints were ever
heard of his course and conduct as Governor of
that Territory; no disorder or disorganization
was heard of; but on the contrary, the affairs of
that Territory were administered in a way to give
satisfaction to the people of the Territory, and,
at the same time, to afford no ground of com-
plaint to the people of the neighboring State of
Missouri or of any other part of the country.
The Governor of Nebraska, it seems, entered
upon the discharge of his duties, carrying with
him the high purpose of faithfully and impartially
administering the laws in their purity, with a view-
to promote the peace, concord, and harmony of
the people of his Territory, and the development
of the vast resources contained within the limits
of that Territoiy.
Whilst the Governor of Nebraska was thus
administering the affairs of that Territory in a
way so satisfactory, not only to its inhabitants,
but to the whole country, carrying out in all their
purity the provisions of the Kansas-Nebraska
