1778
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 25,
shall be paid into the treasury of the State of
California. Instead of that, this bill proposes
that we shall undertake to determine upon the
•validity of the bonds, and the amount that may
he due, and settle the dispute between the various
creditors of the State of California.
Now,' whatever we owe ought to be paid to that
State. The pi'inciple on 'which we assume the
debt is not that we will pay the individual credit-
ors, bat that we will pay to the State whatever
expenses she may have incurred in order to sup-
press Indian hostilities. We never designed to
take on this Government the responsibility of
settling as between the respective claimants of
California. We ought not to make ourselves
responsible for any such settlement, or undertake
to say to which of the creditors the money shall
be paid. Whatever is due is due to the State,
and ought to be paid to her or her authorized
agents in gros#; and so far as these bondholders |
are concerned, they should look to her and not i
to us.
In regard to the other question—with reference 1
to the action of the Secretary of War—I am in !
utter ignorance. I know the Secretary would not j
act lightly or without due consideration. 1 do ;
not know why it is that ho has refused to pay
this debt. I do not know upon what ground ho
has acted. I should desire to have his views—I
should like to have that explanation.
Mr. WELLER. The Senator from Virginia
misunderstood me. The Secretary of War does
not refuse to pay, but he claims that, under the
language of the law, he can go back of the bonds
issued on vouchers, and examine into the vouch-
ers themselves. As I said a moment ago, some
of the vouchors have been destroyed; others may
be informal; but yet, in California, after they had
been subjected to the inspection of the Treasurer
and Auditor, who wore constituted a board to
overhaul the vouchers, t3ie bonds were issued. 1
say lie has no right to go back of that settlement.
These bonds constituted the evidence of the debt.
having been incurred, and he ought to discharge
the appropriation upon the faith of these bonds.
Mr. HUNTER. The clause in the appropri-
ation bill requires him to pay the expenses ac-
tually incurred by the State of California.
Mr. JOHNSON'. And to examine and ascer-
tain them.
Mr. HUNTER. They are to be paid, when
examined and uscerlumi-<t, into the Treasury of
California, and not to the bondholders. I am
utterly unwilling to assume any ruieli responsi-
bility on the part of this Government, because if
we do we shall subject ourselves to the constant
claim of that portion of the creditors of the State
of California who -nay suppose they have been
injured by the mode in which \ve shall settle the
question.
Mr. WELLER. Allow me to ask the Senator
from Virginia what responsibility the Federal |
Government has assumed? The Legislature of
California has passed a kiw authorizing a board ,
of commissioners to come here and receive the i
money appropriated by the act of 1854. If the j
money is paid out to those persons thus author- i
ized by the Stat*; Legislature, what responsibil- '
ity does the Federal Government assume.?
Mr. HUNTER. I understood the bill to pro-
pose that we discriminate between the bond-
holders. I should like to hear it read again.
Mr. BENJAMIN. It is for the opposite pur-
pose. The State of California has directed this j
money to be paid to the bondholders, and has !
sent commissioners here for the very purpose of j
having it paid to the bondholders. We have ap- !
piopnated it for the payment of the advances of j
the State of California. The State of California j
has not made the advances herself, but has issued I
her bonds. The bondholders are unwilling that j
the money shall go anywhere, except into their
own pockets, if it leaves the Treasury. The State
of California has yielded to their demand—has
consented that the money shall be paid to them.
Her commissioners are here for the piupose of
examining the bonds as presented, and testifying
to their validity; but the commissioners were
desirous of making discrimination beUvcen tile
bonds, of paying the twelve per cent, bonds by
preference, in order to stop, in favor of the State j
of California, a rate of interest which was con- |
sidored disadvantageous. The bondholders made \
opposition to any such discrimination. They 1
denied the right of the State or the State commis-
sioners, merely because it suited their interests to
take money which Congress had appropriated for
all the creditors, and give a preference to one
class over another. The commissioners have
yielded to the force of this suggestion, and have
agreed that under the circumstances they will not
insist on this discrimination. They are here,
now ready, under the commission issued by the
State of California, to receive the bonds of the
bondholders, examine them, certify to their gen-
uineness, calculate the rate of interest, and pre-
sent them at the Treasury Department as proper
vouchers for payment.
Mr. WELLER. I have not the law of the
State of California with me, but it is at my room.
I can inform the gentleman that these persons are
not authorized to receive the money, but the law
undertakes to prescribe the manner in which they
shall discharge their duty. Of course these com-
missioners can get no power from Congress.
They are acting under a special power of attor-
ney, given to them by the State of California.
The law of the State does attempt to specify the
manner in which they shall proceed—that they
shall open an office in the city of Washington;
that they shall advertise and call in these bonds,
first paying the twelve per cent, bonds; that they
shall proceed, after paying them off, to call in the
seven percent, bonds as far as the amount received
from the Treasury will enable them to pay the
principal and interest on them. As a matter of
course, there will not be money enough to dis-
charge the interest in full, and it was natural
that California should first desire to get rid of the
bonds drawing the largest amount of interest.
The commissioners came for that purpose. I
think that, under the provisions of the bill, the
Senator from Virginia will see, when he hears it
read, that it does not conflict with the legislation
of the State, but leaves these commissioners to
follow out, if they choose, the act of the Legisla-
tuie in all respects.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Do I understand the
Senator from California to say that the law of the
State of California directs the commissioners to
pay off the twelve per cent, bonds first?
Mr. WELLER. Yes, sir.
Mr. HUNTER. Who issues the commission ?
may I be allowed to ask? Is it done by a law
of the State of California?
Mr. BENJAMIN. Yes, by a'law of the
State of California.
Mr. HUNTER. Is that law here ?
Mr. BENJAMIN. I think the Senator from
California has it.
Mr. HTTNTER. I am willing to pay the
money to the State of California in any mode
she may direct; but I am not willing to interfere
between the State and her creditors. I should
like to hear the bill read; and then the law of the
State.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Then how can we make
arrangements with the commissioners to vary
that? and, if we do, how can wc get rid of our
responsibility to the State of California?
Mr. WELLER. The Senator from Maine is
assuming the fact that we do contravene the ac-
tion of the Legislature, and prescribe a different
rule from that which has been imposed on these
commissioners by California.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I take it from the state-
ment of the Senator from Louisiana. Pie says
the commissioners have agreed that, instead of
paying off the twelve per,cent, bonds first, they
shall come in in a different order. If that bo so,
unless California assents to it, we pay the money
at our own risk, and we may be responsible to
California.
Mr. WELLER. I know nothing in regard
to the understanding between the bondholders
and the commissioners. I am only bound to take
what i find on the face of the bill, and I find
nothing on it which will compel the commis-
sioners to pursue a different course from that
prescribed by the State Legislature. You can
impose no conditions on these commissioners.
You can give them no authority. They are net
subject to your legislation. They hold their
power from the State of California. They must
conform their action to the State law. This bill
does not attempt to prevent the free exercise of
their judgment. What they may have said to
the Senator from Louisiana I know not. What
course they may pursue, if the bill passes—
whether they will carry out strictly the act of
the Legislature of California, or will proceed to
discharge the whole indebtedness, as it existed
on the 20th December, 1853, I do not know.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The Senator does not
exactly understand me, or else I do not under-
stand him. Here is a certain debt due to the
State of California. So far as the original pro-
visions of the law are concerned, it must be paid
to the State of California. They have appointed
certain commissioners, and given them certain
powers and directions. Now, if we undertake to
pass a law which will vary the proceeding, so that
the money shall be appropriated in any manner
different from that which the law of California
provides, we shall be acting without authority,
and this Government will be responsible. There
is the difficulty. I do not know what the provis-
ions of that act of California are.
Mr. BENJAMTN. The only difference be-
tween the provisions of this bill and the act of
the State of California, is this: the act of the
State of California directs the money to be paid
by commissioners who are to pay the bondhold-
ers. This bill directs the money to be paid to the
bondholders directly, with the assent of the com-
missioners; that is to say, it does not go through
the hands of the commissioners before reaching
the bondholders, but goes directly to the bond-
holders, the consent being-first given by the com-
missioners or Secretary of War for that payment.
Mr. HUNTER. Let the bill be read.
The Secretary read it.
Mr. HUNTER. It does seem to me that this
is an interference on the part of the United
States; but we are unable to determine this until
we see the act of the State of California. I am
willing to pay to that State, or her duly author-
ized agents, whatever we owe under this law, but
I am not willing to settle with her creditors.
That she must do herself. I think that if we
attempt it the danger is, that we shall make our-
selves responsible to them for the mode in which
we do it.
Mr. JOHNSON. It is not worth while to
consume the time of the Senate on this question
at the present time. It is palpable that it is
proper to look at the act of the Legislature of
California. It is not here now in the possession
of any lriembei; and I will therefore move that
the bill be postponed to Monday.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I move that the bill be
printed in the mean time.
The motion was agreed to.
POSTAGE ON PRINTED MATTFR.
Mr. YULEE. I ask the Senate to take up the
bill (S. No. 391) to which I referred this morn-
ing, providing for the compulsory prepayuientof
postage on all transient printed matter.
Mr. FISH. 1 hope wc shall go on with the
Private Calendar.
Mr. YULEE. The bill to which I allude it is
important to pass speedily. I presume it will
give rise to no discussion.
Mr. FISH. 1 think that bill will give rise to
debate. We had better go on with the Private
Calendar. We can dispose of several cases before
the usual hour of adjournment arrives.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
from Floiida moves to postpone the prior order
of business for the purpose of considering the bill
which he has named.
The motion was agreed to; and the bill (S. No.
391) was read a second time, and considered as
m Committee of the Whole.
Mr. \ ULEE. By the first section of the post-
age act of March 3, 1851, it was provided that
" postage on all transient printed matter shall be
prepaid by stamps, or otherwise, or shall be
charged double the rates as above mentioned."
Under that alternative choice of prepayment or
of being charged double rates, an abuse hay
grown up which requires correction. Immense
numbers of lottery and other circulars, amount-
ing, in some instances, to forty bags of matter
at a single post office, are put into the maiis
without prepayment, and very few of them are
taken out at the offices, but they are transported
at great expense to the Government. The object
of the bill is to make prepayment on that matter
compulsory, as on all other mail matter.
