m
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[March 7,
34th Cong.... 1st Sess.
Kansas Contested Election—Mr. Oliver, of Missouri.
Ho. of Reps.
act, Governor Reeder— asI think it hVscourse
most manifest to all who will f amm^3nt
and conduct—was aiming at the accomplishment
of results, as Governor of that Territory, openly
at -war with the provisions of the organic act, and
which tended t/defeat the great prmciple recog-
nized in it—of the right of the people of the Ter-
ritory to govern themselves, in alt matters per-
taininsr to their domestic interests, or their own
® •   ...  ^interference or domestic
way, without foreign
violence. Governor Reeder received this com-
mission, as I have before remarked, on the 29th
day of June, 1854, but he did not reach the ler-
ritory until the 7th day of October of that year.
Now, the question naturally arises, what occa-
sioned this marked delay on his part? What was
the cause of this tardiness of his movements.
There is, according to the convictions of my
mind, from all the light before me, but one answer
to be given to these questions, and that answer
is, that Governor Reeder, when he accepted the u
office of Governor of the Territory of Kansas, ; New York Tribune
hundred dollars; and among others I remember
to have seen the name of the honorable gentleman
•who now presides over the deliberations of this
bodv. I allude to this in no spirit of unkindness,
and with no desire to offend in the smallest de-
gree, but, on the contrary, with every respect to
that gentleman.
Mr. SIMMONS, (in his seat.) 1 would ask
the gentleman, whether it was by armed force, or
by peaceable means, that that association pro-
posed to control the elections in Kansas ?
Mr. OLIVER. I do not know whether it was by
armed force or not. I presume not, however, for
I take it that no men who would allow themselves
to be herded upon steamboats, and shipped to
the place of destination for a particular purpose,
under the control and management of an associ-
ation of men, would have any particular desire
to indulge in the exercises incident to physical
strife with deadly weapons. But, I will further
accei
' ^ir^vernor RCeeHdUer ' whm"he a^P^" the remark, in response to the gentleman that the
' ^nfSeTnor of the Territory of Kansas, New York T&une - that notorious Abolition
nted it with the understanding, at least in his ji and disorganizing paper, the leading organ of his
Lj iW ho would administer it in such a Black Re^bhcan party—has counseled emigrants
from the North to use Sharpe's rifles, if need be,
to defeat the introduction of slavery into that
Territory; and has said that with " men, money,
and Sharpe's rifles," they would control the
Territory of Kansas, in spite of the legislation
of Congress and of the Territory, and " Pipm*.
own mind, that he .would administer
MfSLj as to make the Territory free soil, if pos-
" And here, sir, it is important to be observed
and remembered, that even before the Kansas-
Nebraska act became a law, in anticipation of its
passage, the opponents of slavery as well as of
that bill formed an association in this city, which
... ,. :   M.l >> ancl the
was called the " Emigrant Aid Society.
object of which was to induce persons of anti-
elavery proclivities to emigrate to that Territory.
As an inducement to such emigrants, this asso-
ciation was to furnish them with the means that
would enable them to reach the Territory, with
the express understanding thatall who went there
under the auspices of that association were, in the
first election of members of the Legislature, to
vote for those, and thQse only, who were opposed
to the introduction of slavery into the Territory.
I well remember to have seen the subscription
paper which was in the hands of a then member
of Congress from Massachusetts, Mr. Goodrich,
who was president of that association; and the
only object specified in^that paper to be accom-
plished by the association was, to defeat, to use
their own language, the iniquitous objects of the
Kansas-Nebraska bill, or, in other words, to con-
trol the elections and to make Kansas a free State.
It was for that purpose, and none other, that this
association was organized and persons in the free
States induced to emigrate to that Territory.
In verification of this fact, I have been author-
ized by an honorable member from the State of
Pierce,
, Cushing, and Co."
Sir, I believe that even the preachers of the
l Gospel, north of Mason and Dixon's line, have
I counseled the use of deadly weapons in order
to make Kansas a free State, saying that if ever
: the people are justified in resorting to force, to the
use of deadly weapons, to civil strife, and to the
shedding of fraternal blood, it is when it becomes
necessary in order to prevent the introduction of
slavery into any portion of our national domain.
| Mr. TRAFTON, (in his seat.) The gentleman
is mistaken in saying ail the preachers. I am a
preacher, and have given no such counsel.
Mr. OLIVER. The gentleman from Massa-
chusetts says that he is a preacher, and that he
has been guilty of no such impropriety. I did
not know that the gentleman was a preacher,
and I am sorry to learn that there are preachers
in this House. Sir, it is to be regretted by all
God-fearing men that professed ministers of
Almighty God should descend from their high
and holy vocation—that of preaching the word of
their Master to the people, and whose duty it is
to preach "peace and goodwill among men,"
and to aid their fellow-beings in making prepara-
tion for that salvation which is promised to the
Indiana, [Mr. Mace,] who was one of the vice- devout and finally faithful in the world to come
presidents of that association, but whom I do not ^ and should be found on this floor mixing and
now see in his seat, to say that there was but one commingling with the world in the bitter strifes
purpose contemplated-by that organization, and
that was to send persons to the Territory of Kan-
sas to make it a free State, by controlling, if pos-
sible, the first election for members of the Legis-
lature. Nothing was then said by any of the
members of that association about the suffering
poor of the eastern cities and other localities in
the free States. They said nothing then about
their deep interest in, and solicitude for, the hap-
piness and welfare of the thousands of poor white,
people in the free States. Nothing so commend-
able and. praiseworthy then prompted those
patriotic ana philanthropic, members of Congress
and citizens of the country to contribute money
to aid the people of the free States to emigrate to
the far West, " on the sunset side of the father of
floods," to find themselves newhomeB, and to
better their condition and that of their families.
Their sympathies and their charities were all to
be exhausted upon those sable objects whom they
so much delight to worship and to love as repre-.
sentatives and as citizens—the sons and daughters
of Africa. It was the Africans who then occupied
the warmest place in their hearts. It was sym-
pathy for the Africans that then prompted them
to subscribe money and induce the poor, duped
white men of the North to go two thousand miles
on the wild adventure of controlling the elections
pf that Territory, and to defeat what they said
was the object of the Kansas-Nebraska bill, viz:
to establish slavery in Kansas. I saw the names
of many members of Congress to that paper, sub-
scribing sums varying from twenty-five to one
and reprehensible intrigues incident to the political
party conflicts of the day. And certainly it is to
be deplored by all who feel a reverence for the
laws of Heaven, that we find professed ministers,
of Christ, members of this House, expressing
sentiments of encouragement and giving counte-
nance to a man who has violated eul law, and, at
the head of a party, set himself up superior to,
and in open defiance of, law and order, and the
constituted authorities in the Territory of Kansas.
But, sir, the question recurs, what was the cause
of Governor Reeder's extraordinary delay in
reaching the Territory and taking steps to put
the goverrfhient in successful operation ? I snail
undertake to show what that cause was—not by
absolutely conclusive testimony, but by legitimate
deductions from the facts and circumstances which
are known to have existed at that time. This
emigrant aid society was formed, as I before
stated, at or about the time of the passage of the
Kansas-Nebraska act. I have also stated its pur-
poses. Now, it did require some time before that
Society could be put in successful operation, and
a much longer time before, under its operations,
emigrants could be transported into the Territory
of Kansas for the purposes avowed in its organi-
zation . This was well known to Governor Reeder,
and, as 1 think the sequel will prove, he sym-
fathized with it from, the moment of its creation.
t will be remembered that he never reached the
Territory of Kansas until the 7th day of October,
1854. There is no reason that can be given
of a satisfactory character why he delayed his
coming to so late a period. The only reason was,
that he desired to give time for the successful
operation of this emigrant aid society. When,
at last, he reached the Territory in October, the
people residing therein supposed, as it was per-
fectly natural they should do, that the Governor
would at once take the steps required by law
towards fully organizing thatTerritory. Indeed,
they petitioned and urged him to order an election
for members of the Legislature at the earliest
practicable moment, and he put them oft from
time to time with reasons altogether unsatisfac-
tory and signifying nothing. It will be remem-
bered, also, that he never issued his proclamation
for the election of members of the Legislature
until about the 14th of March, 1855.
And, in this connection, I beg to state wnat
every gentleman upon this floor, who is familiar
with the current newspaper history of the times,
well knows, that, in the months of January and.
February) the people in the free States knew at
or about what time the election for members of
the Legislature of Kansas was to take place.
The people of the free States knew more about
the state of affairs in Kansas Territory, and what
were the purposes of Governor Reeder, than did
the citizens of the Territory or of the adjoining
State of Missouri. From whom did they derive
their information ? Surely they could have de-
rived information so precise as to the time when
the election was to take place from no one but
the Governor himself, or from some one author-
ized by him to speak on the subject. Now, such
being the case, why did Governor Reeder give
them this information relative to the time when,
the first election would be held, unless it was to
enable the emigrant aid societies to be prepared
to send the greatest possible number of men into
Kansas in the early spring, as soon as the navi-
gation should open? _ 1 .
I will mention, as an important fact in this con-
nection, that until on or about the 14th of March,
1855, the people of the Territory of Kansas were
wholly ignorant as to the time when this election,
was to take place, and the only information they
received upon the subject was through news-
papers published in the free States, which, of
course, they could not regard as absolutely reli-
able. The Governor, then, had postponed the
election of members of the Legislature as long as
he possibly could. The people of the Territory
were beginning to murmur and to grow indignant
on account of this delay, and on the further
account that they began to suspect that the Gov-
ernor was accommodating his action to the con-
venience of the emigrant aid society, and that
he never intended to order an election of members
of the Legislature until the fullest time had been
allowed to that society to develop itself. He
! delayed the elections as long as he could with
any sort of plausibility; and, at last, ordered them
to take place on the 30th day of March.
And here, sir, let me state a fact which fell
within my own observation. I left St. Louis on
the 10th or 11th of March in that year, and the
boat upon which I went up the Missouri river
was literally crowded with passengers, nearly all
of whom I found to be persons from the free
States, and traveling unaer the patronage and
auspices of the emigrant aid society. Many of
their trunks were labeled, as I noticed, with cards
having upon them the name of Thayer, the agent,
of the society at St. Louis. I conversed with many
of those persons on the way up the river. I askea
them where they were going, and the general re-
ply was, to Kansas. I spoke of its being quite
early for emigration, because it was the month
of March, and very inclement; there fell a snow
seven or eight inches in depth before I reached
my home. I asked them why they had started
out so early in the spring, while the weather was
so unpleasant. The answer generally was, that
they desired to reach Kansas at the earliest pos-
sible moment, and particularly to be there on the
30th day of March, for thepuroose, as they said,
of voting for members of the Territorial Legisla-
ture. Nearly all of the boats that went up the
Missouri river early that spring were crowded
with passengers from the free States, traveling
under the auspices of this emigrant aid society.
Well, sir, the election took place on the 30th
of March, 1855; and it is a well-known fact, sua-
