178
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBES.
January 9,
reindcjrsmg the twelfth section of the Philadelphia
platform, thus dividing: and denationalizing and
completely sectionaliziftg the great American
party, swearing tiiat there was, at least, a Spar-
tan band of Americans at Louisville, Kentucky,
who, though they had bowed the knee to Sam,
would never do the like to Sambo. And I believe
in my heart they are in good earnest. In my
judgment, if there is over any more bending of
the knees between them, Sambo will have to be
the first to bow. .
But what, Mr. Clerk, was the peculiar political
aspect of the country after this action of the Amer-
ican party at Louisville and Cincinnati? The
old Whig party was dead. The great American '
party, which had promised so much to the coun-
try, stood thus irreconcilably divided^ and inef-
ficient for good. The people at once saw that
there was 110 party left but the old Democratic
pariy, with her banner unfurled to the breeze as
a national pory. All eyes were at once turned to
that party as the only hope of saving the Consti-
tution andtheUnion against the aggressive policy
of the Republican party of the North. The great
problem yet to be solved, however, was, whether
the old Democratic party, although she had never
yet failed to save the country under any and all
circumstances, might not, too, split upon this
great denationalizing element—the slavery ques-
tion—when she came to moot in anational caucus
or convention to makea pbtfnrm. This, sir, was j
the true condition of parlies in this country when i
this Congress first met, and that the great qucs- !
ion to be settled. Sir, we did meet in caucus in '
this Hall on the night of the 1st day of December
last lor the purpose of solving and settling that
vexed question. I confess it was not, though my
faith was stiong, without some tiepidation that
I entered this Hall on that memorable evening. I
had sonic slight fears as to what might be the
result; but, sir, to the honor and glory of the
Democratic members of this House be it said,
from every sectionof the Confederacy, at the very
first efl'ort at an organization and the adoption of
a platform, we not only adopted by a unanimous
vote our conservative platform ami planted our-
selves upon the Constitution and the Union, but
we nommated for Spuakei, u^on that platform,
by a similar vote, our present distinguished stand-
(ird-licarer, the gentleman from Illinois, [Mr.
Ivjeti\udson,] from a free State; presrutlng to
this House and to the country a man having a
head and a heart rapacious enough to defend and
maintain the Constitution of the country and this
glorious Confederacy of States as they are. Thus
organized, Mr. Clerk, the old Democratic party
stands to-day firmer, more united, and more im-
pregnable than she ever did. She stands to-day,
as I trust she ever will, as a pillar of cloud by
day and a pillar of fire by night, pointing to the
Constitution and the Union us the only ark of
our political safety. I vote, sir, for William A.
IlieitAKDSOV.
Mr. \v'ALT\ER. Mr. Clerk, I rise to a priv-
ileged question; and in its statement I hope that
my words may be reported. For several days
past I have been struggling against a severe in-
disposition. I came heir tins morning in the
hope that I would be enabled to remain iii the
discharge of my duties during the .entire day's
session; but I am now so unwell as to be unable
to longer occupy my seat. I have found it im-
practicable to pair off with any gentleman of the
adverse party, and fearing that this will be the
last vote that I shall cast to-day, 1 mention the
fact now, so that members may understand why
it is, when my name is called, that I do not
respond.
Sir. HUMPHREY MARSHALL. I move
that the House do now adjourn.
Mr. CAMPKliLL. I hope the gentleman will
withdraw his motion, for a personal explanation.
Mr. MARSHALL. I withdraw the motion to
adjourn.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Kentucky. Mr. Clerk,
I rise to a personal explanation. It is my desire
that the position of the Amencan party shall not
be mistaken. I desire particularly to refer to an
auiele m the Maysvilie Express, edited by an
ex-member of Congress from Kentucky.
The CLERK. There is no question before the
House.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I rise to a personal expla-
nation. Am I to proceed? [Loud cries of "Go
on!"] Then the Clerk will please read what I
sent to his desk.
The Clerk read as follows:
" Since the opening of Congress, there have been occa-
sional nch developments, growing out of the embittered
state of feeling between the northern and southern Know
Nothings. If things continue in their present state much
longer, all the rascality ever contemplated or pidctieed by
the party will soon leak out, for there are many leaky ves-
sels among the brotherhood at Washington. A few days
ago, m a debate which oecuired between Mr. Campbell,
of Kentucky, and Mr. Howard, of Michigan, the former
indulged m some strictures upon the resolutions of the late
bolter's convention at Cincinnati, when Mr. Howard asked
if E. B. Bartlett, of Kentucky, the highest officer of the
order in the United States, was not present at that conven-
tion, if he did not approve the resolutions, and say that the
South ought to, and would, adopt them as the basis of com-
promise between the two sections of the party ? Thid was
a poser, and Mr. Campbell, well knowing it all to be true,
made no direct reply. We think after Bartlett's official
presence at the Abolition convention, his indorsement of
its resolves, and the pledge he gave of support from the
South, it was well for Mr. Campbell to shut up."
Mr. CAMPBELL. "When I see an article
from a gentleman who has occupied a seat on
this floor for six years, in its statements directly
contrary to the professed and open sentiments
of those with whom I have acted, it is necessary
that the attention of the country should be called
to it. I now assert here in my place that the
spirit and substance of the statement of that
article arc false.
The House proceeded to vote the one hundredth
time for Speaker, with thefollowingresult: "Whole
number of votes cast, 200; necessary to a choice,
101; of which—
Nnth-unel P. Banks received  99
William A. Rielmidson  OB
Jlenry M. Fuller  '32
Alexander 0. M. Pennington  5
James h. Oir  2
John William*  X
Gilchnst Porter  1
Henry Bennett    1
So tliTe was no elloice.
The following is the vote in detail:
For Mr. Ihtnl.s—'.\Ie.--ux. Allison, Baibonr, Henry Ben-
nett, Benson, l>m U.tm, Bishop, Bh-'s, Hrad.-liaw, BulTmg-
ton, Burhnirame, J.mho II. Campbell,Lewis I"). Campbell,
Challee, Claw-on, Cm? t\\ Conmis, Cuvnn, Cumbuck, Dam-
10U, Timothy i>a\i,-s D.w, Dean, l)e Witt, Dick, Diek&wn,
llodd, i)u>,ee, Etnne, Flakier, Giddnv*s, Giilieit, Gian?er,
Giow, Uobi'it B. Hall, U uiaa, {Iol!«muy, Thomas It. Hov-
tOii,Valentine B. Uoiton. Howard, lluilMon, Ilelsey, Kin*?,
Knupp, Kni^lil, K .i<>wlton, Leitei, M.itte^m, McCaity,
Meaeliam, tulliin \liliei, Morgan, Momll, Molt, Munay,
Norion, Andrew Olivm, Paiher, IVaiee, IVllon, Pennmg-
ton, i'lM'f, Pike, Pungh*, Pmvianeo. Rsuhic, Robimis,
Robert Sai m,-S;i«-e, S'ipp, Sherman, Simmon-?, Spnmei,
Slanton, Stntnahan, Tappan, Tlmi-tou, Tralfon. Ty;on,
Wade. Waii.'Kt'in, Walln Wahhou, (Jadwaiadei V.
Wa>bl)urno, FJhhu 15. idmrne, 1m iel Wa liburn, Wat-
son, Welch, Wood, Wood)till', ami Woodwoilit.
For Mr. Rtchttrrfson— Me^is. Aiken, Bell, flendley S.
Bennett, Boeuek, Bowie, Boyec, Bianoh, Biooks, Burnett,
Cudwalader, I'asiUher-;, Ca-ikio, Clitigman, Howell Cobb,
Williamson R. W. Cobli, Crane, Davidson, Denver, Dow-
d.ill, Fidmuud-'on, Elliott, Faulkner, Floienee, Thomas J.
D. Fuller, Goode, Greenwood, Au'tiit-tUK Hall, Sampson
W. Harris, Thomas E. Main-, Ueibert, lliekman, Hous-
ton, Jewett, Geoige W. Jone.-, Keitt, Kelly, Kidvell,
I jotehvi, l-.ti.npkm. Samuel M.ir^hall, M i\wull, McMul-
im, MeUueci', Smitn i\li1I<t, Mill-urn, Moi'deeai Oliver,
On, Packer, Peek, l'!ie!p<, Powell, (imtmnn, Uulfhi, l!u-t,
Sfindui'i", Savage, Samuel A. Smith, Wil'rtm Snnih,
St"plj"ii'<, Sl.-we.ti, Taiboit, Tajloi, Vail, Warner, Wat-
kiih1, Whitlow, Oi!uii'1 B. \Vii"hf and John V Wuyht.
Forlfr. Fuller— 5o!m P. ('amnhelJ, Cai hie, Biv-
ard ClaiU, Co.\, ('ulb'ii, Hem v Winter 1) i\ i-, ntbcinlue.
F\.hi-.Fo U'r, J Mmiwnu limn-, Ho/Vninn, Ken-
nejf. Lake, l-i.i(iley, Hiun})inev."\Iar hall. Miilwaul. Paine,
I'oitei, L'luyoar, U"ade, Ready, Bieaud, Uivers, William
lv. Smith. Sneed. S',v>po, Tiippe, Hndeiwood, Valk, 'Whit-
ney, a I'd Zollieoiief.
For Lh\ Pennio«,'on — Messrs. Dunn, Edwards, Ilarn-
son, Moor:-, ai'd Scott.
F<tr Mr. Orr—Ittohoid 'on and Williams.
For ?'fr. H'llUcm?—Mr. Wb^ele--.
For .Ifr. Porter—Mi. Henry M. Fuller.
For Mr. Bennett—Mr. Bronton.
Pending tlio mil of the roll,
Mr. FLORENCE stated that his colleague,
Mr. Barclay, had paired off with Mr. Gallo-
way.
Mr. ROBISON (when his name was called)
said: It has been suggested to me, since I pro-
pounded my question to the gentleman from
Massachusetts, that some days since he publicly
declined to answer ony more questions, and my
own recollection is that he did so. I shall there-
fore, for the prtscnt, withhold my vote until I
can satisfy myself upon that point.
Mr. BANJ\3. That there may seem to be no
discourtesy on my part towards the gentleman
from Pennsylvania, it may be proper for me to
say, after the remark he has made, that courtesy
to the House, and especially to the gentleman
from South Carolina, [Mr. Botce,] requires me
to adhere to the declaration I made, some days
since, under what I thought to be a safe prece-
dent. Upon the subjects to which the gentleman
has alluded, I have heretofore expressed my
opinions, and they stand upon the records of the
House.
Mr. ROBISON. Are they the same still, Mr.
Banks? [Cries ofe< Call the roll!"]
Mr. VALK (when his name was called) said:
Mr. Clerk, I have voted for the past five weeks
for the honorable gentleman from Pennsylvania;
and, as I desire my people to know why I have
thus voted, and shall continue to vote, I will here
in my place give my reasons. I have voted for
Mr. Fuller, because he is a firm and ardent sup-
porter of the Constitution of the United States.
I have voted for him, because under no circum-
stances would he be willing to " let the Union
slide." I have voted for him, because he is a true-
born native of the soil of the Keystone State ;
and, lastly, because he is utterly and firmly op-
posed to the agitation of the slavery question,
both in Congress or out of it. For these reasons
I vote for Mr. Fuller.
Mr. ALLEN (havingpreviously voted) said:
I desire to inquire if my colleague, Mr. Knox,
has voted on this ballot?
The CLERK. He has not.
Mr. ALLEN, I then desire to say to the
House, that I agreed this morning to pair off
with him. We did not fix upon the time thatwe
were to leave. I understand that ho has not been
in the House during this ballot, and presuming that
he has left under the agreement we made I re-
call my vote. [Cries of " That is right!"]
The result of the vote was then announced as
recorded above.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Kentucky, (at fifteen
minutes after four o'clock, p. m.,) moved that the
House do now adjourn.
The motion was disagreed to.
The House proceeded to vote the one hundred
and first time for Speaker, with the following
result: Whole number of votes cast, 192; neces-
sary to a choice, 97; of which—
Nathaniel V. Banks received ..88
William A. Riehaidbon     65
Tlenty M Fuller 23
Alexander C. Pennington  5
James J,. Orr  2
Ilemy JJennctt  1
Giielui^t Porter  1
Jihslia P. Cullen  1
John Williams     1
So theie was no choice.
The following is the vote in detail:
For Mr. ilan'c?—Albright, Allison, Barbour, Hen-
ry Bennett, Benson, Bingham, Bradslmw, Buffmgton, Bur-
lismamo. James II. Campbell, J<ewis D. Campbell, ChaSlee,
Cl«nv>on. Colfax, Conine. Cnjjm, Cumback, Damrell, Tmi-
oihy DavN. Day, Dean, De Witi, Dickson, Dodd, Dutfce,
Eimic, Flagler*, Giddm<?s, Grander,Giow, Robert B. Hall,
llarlan, IIoHoway, Tuonias R. ilorton,Valentine B. tloiton,
liowaid, Hujrhrfton, Kel-:oy, King, Knapp, J£m«ht, Knowl-
ton, Leiter, Matteson, Meaeham, Kiilian Miller, Mo^an,
Momll, iMott, Murray, Noitoa, Andrew Oliver, Paiker,
Pelton, Pemimgtoa, Print, Pike, Piin;r!e, Puxvirmco,
Tlirehic. llohl'in^, Hub:iN, Salmi, Safie, Sapp, Sherman,
tfjmmons Spinner, Si.mton, Shanahan, Tappan,Tlioimg-
ton, Todd, Ti at I on, Ty on, Waih, Wakem-m, WaHmdg'J,
Waldiou, C.uhvulad'jr C. Was-hbinnc. Ellihu B. Wa> h-
huine. f iael Wa-hlmrn, Watson, Welch, Wood, Wood-
riur, and Woodworth.
F.r Mi. Rhhunhon — Messrs. Aiken, Bell, Bocoek,
Bowie, Bovee, Branch, Brooks Burnett, Cadwaladm, Ca-
mtlieis, Ca^kie, Clnmman. Howell Cobb, Willianr-on R.
W. Cobb, Davidson, Denver,DowdelJ, Ediiiund',on,rJihoti,
Faulkner. Florence, Thonia-  J J> Fuliei Goode,
Gieenwood. Au^u'-iu^ Hall, Samp-on W Ilciin-, Thoma3
L. Ham*, Ileibeit, ILckman, HoiHton, Jcwelt,George \V.
Jones, Keitt. Kelly, Kidwell. l,efr-her, Lumpkin, S-mmcI
R Maivhall. Maxvv'oll, Mc?>IuKin, ?tIeCiueen, Smith Miller,
jMilb-on, Mordeem Oliver. Oir, Paekci, Prielp--, Powell,
Q.mtman,luuTni, Ksui, S mduhe, Sa^-'ge, SairiU'.'l A. Sinuh,
Wilh.na Small, Stephen-, Stewart, T.dbott, Taylor, War-
ner. WatkniH, ^\'in?iovv, Dauiei 13. Vv'nglit, and John
Wiisht.
For Mr. F.iPcr — Mc,?•..>. John P. Campbell, Carlilc,
Cox, Cullen, Henry Winter Oavi-sEtlieiidge, Evans, Eus-
t;-. J. ?don i -on Harn-, HoiTinan, Kennett, Lake, Lmdley,
Humplnev Marshall, L'ame, Porter, Puryear, Reude, Ready,
Rieaud, Blvor-, William It. Smith, Sneed. Swope, Tupp^,
Umloiv.'ood, Valk. Whitney, and Zolheofier.
For Mr. Pennington—Messrs. Dunn, Edwards, Harrison,
Haven, and Scott.
For Mr 0;r—Messrs. Richardson and Williams.
For Mr. Porter—hIi. Homy M. Fuller.
For Mr. Bennett—Mr. Brenton.
For Mr. Cullen—Mr Milhvaid.
For Mr. Williomi—Mr. Wheeler.
Mr. FLORENCE stated that Mr. Peck had
paired off v.'itii Mr. Thurston.
Mr. QUITMAN stated that his colleagues,
