1856.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
905
On that letter the Secretary made this indorse-
ment:
War Department, Jljiril 5,1856.
The views of the chief of ordnance are concurred in. The
contract was made in conformity with the law, and this
Department will assume no responsibility which might
vitiate the contract, or give the contractor a claim for
damages. JEFF'N DAVIS,
Secretary of War.
This was the only one, of ten proposals which
were made, that came within the appropriation.
It is altogether uncertain whether another pro-
posal can be obtained for the construction of such
a building as is desired within the amount. The
Department would, I apprehend, have been very-
much at fault if it had taken a course which
would justify the contractors in throwing up
their contract, or which would involve the Gov-
ernment in a claim for damages.
Now, sir, it is proper that I should make some
explanation in regard to the delay which has oc-
curred in the action of the Senate on this ques-
tion, for the purpose of showing that it is owing
to no fault on the part of the mover of the reso-
lution that it has not been taken up earlier. As
soon as my attention was called to the subject,
and 1 came to the conclusion that we had pro-
bably acted prematurely on the morning when
the resolution was first passed, I moved a recon-
sideration. I regretted to learn that the chair-
man of the District Committee was absent on ac-
count of indisposition, by which he was confined
to his room for several days afterwards. By the
request of an associate member of the Committee
on the District of Columbia, X permitted the mat-
ter to lie until the Senator was in his seat. Then—
I having in the mean time called for information—
I understood from the Senator that he would
postpone the consideration of the subject until
the information called for by my resolution should
be received. The answer was received yesterday,
and has been laid on our tables to-day in a printed
form. This, therefore, has been the earliest mo-
ment at which it was possible to take up the sub-
ject. I think it would be advisable to reconsider
the resolution. Even if not reconsidered with a
view of rejecting it, I think it would be desirable
to do so, with a view of referring it to the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs, in order that there
may be a more mature examination of the sub-
ject, inasmuch as the appropriation originated
with that committee.
Mr. BROWN. Mr. President, unless the Sen-
ator has examined the record, and speaks by the
record when he says that the original appropria-
tion was made on the recommendation of the
Committee on Military Affairs, I should feel dis-
posed to doubt the entire accuracy of the state-
ment.
Mr. YULEE. Here is the report.
Mr. BROWN. I know that at the last session
of Congress this precise question was before the
Committee on the District of Columbia. It was
discussed there. I opposed the proposition, and
I understood at one time that the committee had
determined to report against it. My recollection
is—I only speak from recollection—that the then
Senator from Georgia, (Mr. Dawson,) proposed
the item as an amendment to an appropriation
bill from the Committee on the District of Co-
lumbia; but that is a point of very little conse-
quence. If the Senate will give me its attention
I shalLexplain the whole matter, and state the
motives which have prompted the Committee on
the District of Columbia from the beginning in
reference to it. First let me say, that there was
no want of courtesy on my part, and none was
designed on the part of the committee, towards
the President or towards the Secretary of War.
I do not suppose that a solitary member of the
committee ever had the idea in his mind's eye
for an instant, that the President or the Secretary
of War cared one sixpence about this matter one
way or the other. We had reason to think that
they did not care about it. A resolution had been
adopted by the Senate, calling on the President
to state where the site had been selected. He
sent in a communication, which I now have in
my hand—one of the printed documents—and that
paper does not even bear upon it the indorse-
ment of the President's approval of this location.
Mr YULEE. The President sent precisely
what was called for. The resolution which he
answered only called for information as to where
the location was.
Mr. BROWN. I say that the paper states that
the resolution called on him to inform the Senate
in what manner the duty of locating the site of
this building had been discharged, andhisanswer
does not show that the President indorsed the
report of the colonel of ordnance, who made the
location of the building.
Mr. YULEE. The Senator is mistaken in the
nature of the call. If he will read the resolution,
he will see that he is mistaken.
Mr. BROWN. 1 read from the reply, as fol-
lows:
" In answer to the resolution of the Senate of the 96th
ultimo, requesting information in regard to the site to be
used for the preservation of arms, ordnance, &c., of the
United States, under the act approved March 3, 1855,1
transmit a letter from the Secretary of War, with the ac-
companying report from the Chief of Ordnance, containing
the information."
Mr. YULEE. Respecting the site only.
Mr. BROWN. Was not the President's ap-
proval a part of the proceeding in reference to the
location of the site ? For aught that appears on
these papers, it was done by H. K. Craig, Colo-
onel of Ordnance, without the approval of the
President or anybody else. This is how I was
misled as to the President caring, or indeed know-
ing a great deal about this matter. I supposed
at the time that the facts were these: that the
President had referred the subject to the Secre-
tary of War; thatthe Secretary of War had
referred it to the colonel of ordnance; and that
be had gone, as the report shows, with Colonel
Hickey, commander of the District militia, and
selected this site; and that this was all that had
been done in reference to it, and that on such a
proceeding they were going on to erect the build-
ing. The committee believed that it was wrong
to locate the building at the point selected. As
they had the subject under consideration during
the last Congress, they thought it was proper for
them to take charge of it again. They proposed
to change the site; but not for the purpose of re-
buking the Secretary of War, or the President,
as my friend from Florida seems to intimate; I
am sure I did not think about either of them, nor
do I suppose any other member of the committee
did. Our minds were directed to what we con-
sidered to be the point involved. We saw that
here was a building which, if built in accordance
with what the Senator says is to be its plan, will
be a very inferior building; but it is to be put upon
a reservation, which measures a little over seven-
teen acres of ground, in the very heart of the city
of Washington. The committee did not believe
that any such building ought to be placed there;
and, I say again, without intending to offend the
President, or Secretary, or anybody else, they in-
troduced a resolution simply to change the site, and
they proposed to change it to Judiciary Square.
Why did they do that? Because, on looking at
the report which the President had sent to us, and
which contained all the papers which we had on
the subject at the time we found this:
" The next sites examined were on reservation Wo. 9, in
the rear of llie City Hall."
That is Judiciary Square.
" This locality is more central than the others; it is dry,
and portions of it level, and in condition for liuildingupon."
Now, what becomes of the Senator's declara-
tion that it will cost us $12,000 to prepare a site in
Judiciary Square >
Mr. YULEE. Colonel Craig only says that
" portions" of it are fit to build upon.
Mr. BROWN. Well, take the portions that
are fit to build upon, and not hunt for a place
which is not fit to build upon. In a report sub-
mitted to-day, Colonel Craig says:
"The reservation, No. 9, has various public buildings
erected upon it, and although there are upon it several in-
termediate spaces large enough for a building that would
contain the arms of the District volunteers, there would not
be much room for a tasteful extension hereafter."
Sir, it was " tasteful extension hereafter" that
the committee, among other things, wished to
arrest. The ground at Judiciary Square was suit-
able for building upon; it was large enough for
the house which Congress contemplated; but there
was not room for ''tasteful extension.
wanted no " tasteful extension;" we wanted the
house built which Congress I$ad provided for.
The report shows that this very reservation was
not only the most central place for it, but the
ground was large enough for the erection of such
a building as Congress contemplated. That site
was rejected because there was not room for the
" tasteful extension" which officers of'the Gov-
ernment thought proper to intimate ought to be
made.
This is the intimation which we have that there
is to be an extension of this building beyond what
Congress calculated upon; but upon looking into
the report made by Colonel Craig to the Secretary
of War in December last, what do we find?
" Plans combining the three purposes have been prepared,
and proposals have been invited for the erection of the
building; but as the expenditure is limited to the appropri-
ation, it is not expected that any offers of a satisfactory
kind will be made."
I read this from page 545 of the second part
of the President's Message and accompanying
documents for this session.
Mr. YULEE. That is not the report of the
Secretary of War.
Mr. BROWN. It is the report of Colonel
Craig, who made the other report upon which
the Senator himself has been commenting this
morning. It was made to the Secretary of War
at the beginning of our session. In it he says,
in a note:
" Since this was written, a bid has been accepted and a
contract made for building the armory on the plan com-
bining the three purposes; but in order to bring the bid
within the available means, it was necessary to omit from
the specifications of the work required by the plan, the
furniture of the building, such as gun racks and accouter-
ment presses, and the painting of these and the outside
walls. Should it be deemed advisable to provide for the
omitted work, and to carry out the proposition immediately
following:, in relation to the reception and arrangement of
models of small-arms, under the direction of the inspector
of that branch, an additional appropriation will be required."
Now, suppose you put up a library, are not
shelves a part of the library hall? Of what ad-
vantage would a library hall be without shelves
on which to put the books ? You erect an armory
here; if you have no gun racks and no accouter-
ment cases, can the building be occupied ? ^Why,
sir, these things are just as much a part of the
building as its roof. It cannot be occupied for
the purpose for which you construct it without
them.
Mr. YULEE. The volunteers can attend to
those matters.
Mr. BROWN. Are the volunteers bound to
put gun-racks thera, or to make aceouterment
cases for the Government accouterments? What
business is it of theirs ? If they are their private
arms, let them keep them in their private houses.
Who believes that you are going to stop at«this?
Who does not believe that the Government will
put the racks there, will put the accoutcrment
cases there, and will finish off the building? As
the report says, a further appropriation will be
nccessary for that purpose, and who doubts that
it will be made? Again:
"A favorable opportunity is presented of submitting a
proposition, which { ar-nordingly do, of enlarging the first
plan and estimate submitted by this office, so as to give ac-
commodation tor tlie icception and ariangement of models
of pmall arms, under the direction of the inspecting officer
of that important branch of the service."
Here is the reeommendation sent to us in the
documents accompanying the President's mes-
sage.
Mr. YULEE. Not by the Secretary of War
Mr. BROWN. I have not said that it was rec-
ommended by the Secretary. I have^ repeated
half a dozen times, that I was not thinking of the
Secretary; but I was speaking of the man who
had charge of this work, and of his official report.
I did say, and I now repeat from the document
itself, that we have his recommendation for the
extension and enlargement of the building. I
found upon the papers no evidence that that rec-
ommendation had not received the favor of the
Department. It came to me through an official
source—through the War Department, coming to
the Senate with the annual message of the Pres-
ident. It was a report from the very man who
had charge of the work; and I supposed it was a
portion of the proceedings proper to be regarded
and to be commented upon, as much so as the
report of the Secretary of War, or of any other
head of a Department.
But, in addition to that, I ask my colleagues
upon the committee whether Major Bell, the su-
perintendent of this work, did not bring into the
committee-room drawings of the building, show-
ing that the plan was to erect a house with an
east and west wing, with a central building; and
whether this contract is not for one of the wings
