1856.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
«#
I move that there be a call of
Messrs. Barksdale and Hendley S. Bennett,
has paired oft".
Mr. ENGLISH stated that he had not voted
on the one hundredth ballot for the reason that
he had paired off for that one vote with Mr. Al-
bright.
After the result was announced,
Mr. KEITT moved that the House do now
adjourn.
Mr. WHITNEY. I call for tellers on that
motion.
The CLERK appointed Messrs.'"VVHiTNET and
Walbridge to act as tellers.
The question was put; and the tellers reported—
ayes 31, noes 91.
Mr. ZOLLICOFFER. I call for the yeas and
nays.
Mr. SNEED.
the House.
The CLERIC. That motion is not in order,
ponding the motion to adjourn.
Mr. McMULLIN. X call for tellers upon tlie
yeas and nays.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs.McMullin
and Bradshaw were appointed.
The House was then divided; and the tellers
reported—ayes 33, noes 110.
So the yeas and nays were ordered, ode fifth
voting in favor thereof.
The question was then taken; and it was de-
cided in the negative—yeas 40, nays 143; as fol-
lows:
YEAS—Messrs. Aiken, Bell, Boyce, John P. Campbell,
Carlile,Oaiuthers3 Bayanl Clark, Cox, Cullen, Ilemy Win-
ter Davis, Day, Ethemlge, Eustis. Evans, Henry M. Fuller,
Sampson W. ll:uri&\ Harrison, Haven. Hoffman. Kennctt,
Lake, Lmdley, McMullin, McQueen, Millward, Orr, Paine,
Parker, Porter, Powell, Iteade, Ready, Hicaud, liiveis, Sav-
age, William Smith, Sneed. Trippc, Underwood, Wheeler,
Whitney, and Zoihcoii'cr—40.
NAYS—Messis. Albright. Allison, Banks, Baibour, Bar-
clay, Henry Bennett, Benson, Bingliam, Boeock, Bowie,
Bradshaw,'Branch, Bionton, Buliiiurron,Burhn ame, Bur-
nett, Cadvvalador, James II. Campbell, Lewis D. Camp-
bell, Caskie, Chaffee, dawson, Chnjrnnm, Howell Cobb,
Williamson R. W. Cobb, Colfax, Conims,Ci;win,Cuuihaek,
Damrell, Davidson, Timothy Davis, Dean.Denver, Do Witt,
Dick, Dixon, Dodd, Dovvdcll, Dunn, Duwc, Edmumhon,
Edwards,Elliott, Enmo,Enuh^h, Flagler,Florem-e,Thomas
X D. Fuller, Galloway, Giddmas, Gilbert, Grander, Greeu-
wood, Grow, Augustus Hall, Robert B. Hall, Harlan, Her-
bert, Hickman, Holloway, valentine X?. Hoiton, Houston,
Howard, Hughston, Jcwett, George W. Jones, Kelly, Kel-
pey, lvenriett, King, Knapp, Knight, Knowlton, Loiter,
Letcher, Maiteson, Maxwell, MeCarty, Meaciiam, Killian
Miller, Smith Miller, Moiqan, Mott, Murray, Andrew Oli-
ver, Mordecai Oliver, Packer, Pelton, Pennington, Pettit,
Phelps, Pike, IVingle, Puivtonce, Purveai, Quitman, Rich-
ardson, Ritchie, Hobbins, Itoboiid, Ruftin, Ru.«t, Sdbin, Sage,
Sandidgc, Sapp, Seott, Sherman, Simmons, Samuel A.
Smith, William R. Smith, Spinner, Stanton, Stephens,
Stewart, Stranahan, Swope, Talbott, Tappan, Taj lor,
Thoungton, Tndd, Trafton, Valk, Wade, Wakeman, Wal-
bridge, Waldron, Warner, Cadwaiader C. Wa-hlmrne,
ElhhuB. Washburne,Israel Wa^libnrn, Watkins VVat>on,
Wclcli, Williams Wmtlow, Wood, Woodrufl', Wood-
worth, Daniel B. Wiight, and Jolm V. Wtight—J43.
So the House refused to adjourn.
Pending the call of the roll,
Mr. DUNN (when his name was callcd) said:
X suppose it is the object of gentlemen, by oppos-
ing all motions to adjourn, to overcome our brute
natures, and in that way force the acquiescence
of our minds in that which our reason and con-
science disapprove. I have rarely seen such
efforts result otherwise than in mischief. In fact,
it has sometimes proven to bo a sword that cut
the handithat held it; and hence, as a general
thing, it is perhaps best to transact the grave
business of life in the usual hours, coolly, dis-
passionately, and without resort to unreasonable
or coercive measures to induce results. jNever-
theluss, as some gentlemen show a fixed purpose
to resort to this extraordinary and very ijuestion-
able effort to compass their ends, I am willing
they should have all the benefit of their trial.
This resort must operate as inconveniently—it
may be as injuriously—upon me physically as it
possibly can upon any member or this House—
still, sir, I will abide it, come what may; and I
sincerely hope that those gentlemen who are now
insisting upon this contest of animal endurance
will not change their purpose until wc have a
Speaker. Let us have no rtlaxntion of muscle in
this spasm of patriotism. I shall therefore, to oblige
them, vote against the resolution to adjourn now,
and until the wisdom of brute force shall have
been thoroughly tested. I vote no.
Mr. McMULLIN. I move a call of the
House.
The motion was disagreed to.
Mr. ETHERIDGE, I believe that .all the dif-
ficulty which now prevents an adjournment grows
out of the fact, that*a night or two ago our Dem-
ocratic friends passed a resolution that they would
not vote for a recess or a motion to adjourn until
a Speaker should be elected. That rules is now
in full operation upon the House, and to relieve
ourselves from the embarrassment I move to
rescind that rule. [Laughter.]-
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. If my colleague
is certain that this is a Democratic caucus, as I
was chairmanof that caucus, I will tal<e the chair,
and call the caucus to order. [Renewed, laugh-
ter. Cries of " Call the roll!'']
The House proceeded, to vote the one hundred
and second time for Speaker, with the following
result: Whole number of votes cast, 199; neces-
sary to a choice 100, of which—
Nathaniel P. Banks received  9*2
William A. Richardson   68
lleniy M. Fuller 28
Alexander C. M. Pennington  6
James L. Orr.    2
John Williams    X
Gilchrist Porter  1
Ilcnry Bennett,  1
So there was no choice.
The following is the vote in detail:
For Mr. Banks — Messrs. Albiight, Allison, Barbour,
Ileniy Bennett, Benson, Bingham, Biad^haw, Buffingtoii,
Builingame, James II. Campbell, Lewis D. Campbell, Chaf-
fee, Clawson, Colfax, Comma, Cragm, Cumback, Damrell,
Timothy Davis, Day, Dean, De Witt, Dick, Dickson,
Dodd, Durfec, Kmne, Flagler, Galloway, Giddmgs, Gilbei t,
Gianger,Grow, Robert B. Hall, Harlan, Holloway, Thomas
R. Horton, Valentine B. Ilorton, Howard, Hugh^ton, Kel-
sey, King, Knapp, Knight, Knowlton, Leiter, iVFatfeson,
McCnrty, Mcacham, Killian Miller, Morgan, Momil, Mott,
Mm ray, Nichols, Not Jon, Andiew Oliver, Peaice, Pelton,
Pettit, Pike, l'lin'rlc, Pmviance, Ritchie. Kohbim--, Robests,
Wabin, Sage. Sapp, Sherman, Simmon-*, Spinner, Sainton,
Sfranahan,Tappati,Thoimgton, Thuibton,Todd,Trniion,
Tyson, Wade, Wakeinan, Walluidgc, Waldron, Cadwal-
adei C. WavhSuuno, H'hhu B. Wd.shburne, Israel Wa&li-
bum, WaNon, Wood, Woudiuir, and Woodworth,
For Mr. lllrbnrthon — Me^sr*. Aiken, Baiclay, Barks-
dale, Bell. liocock, Bowie, JJojce, Kraiteh, Biooks. llunicn,
Oadwal.uler, Oanifhoi>, Cas-kn'1, Chngman, How« II Cobb,
WilhaniMUi li. W. Cobb, DiivnKon, Denver, Dowdell,
Edmimd->on, Elliott, PJnjJish, Faulkner, Florence, Thomas
J. D. Fuller, <inod>\ Gieonuuod, Augustus Hall, Sampson
W. llaiiis, Thorn,Ham-*, Herbert, Houston, Hickman,
Jeweft, Georae W. Jow\?, Kestt. Kelly, Kiriweii, Letcher,
Lumpkin, Samuel S. ?d«ir:>Jmli, Maxwell, MeAfr'sihn, JUe-
Ciiioeii, Smith ?rIiller,Mi|IcOn, Mordeeni Oliver,Orr. Packer,
Peek, Phelps, Powell, Quitman, Ruflin, Rust, Sandhtee,
Savage, Samuel A. Smith, Stephens, Stewart, Talbott,
Tayloi, Vail, Wamor. Watkms, Window, Daniel B.
Wright, and John V Wright.
For Mr. Fuller—jolm P. Campbell, Carhle, Cox,
Cullen, Ilemy Winter Davis, lStheridsje, Eustis, Hoffman,
Kennett, Lake, Lindley, Hmnphicy Marshnll, Millward,
Paine, Porter, Puryear, Reade, Rca<ly, Ricaud, Rivers,
William XI. Smith, Snced, Swope, Trijipe, Underwood,
Valk, Whitney, and Zolhcofler.
J'or Mr. Pcmvinrrton—Mess.r-3.Dunn, Edwards, Harrison,
Haven, Moore, and Scott.
For Lir. Oir— Moss-is. llichaids-on and Williams.
For Sir. Ji- d'iamb- -ISlr, Wheeler.
For Mr. Purler—Mi. Henry M. Fuller.
For Mr. Bennett—Mr. Urenton.
Pending the coll of the roll,
Mr. EDIE gave notice that he had paired off
with Mr. Craige, of North Carolina, until to-
morrow at twelve o'clock.
Mr. GALLOWAY. As some doubt has been
expressed as to whether a majority of the dele-
gation from Ohio has properly expressed the sen-
timents of the people of that Slate, I propose to
read, in justification of the vote which has already
been given by a majority of that delegation, and
in explanation of our present vote, and the votes
winch may hereafter be given by them, a tele-
graphic dispatch just received from the State of
Ohio. It is as follows:
Ooi/T'MCUt*, January 8, 1856.
Sir : The following rc-olufion w;k nnfuurnou^ly r dopted
bv the Republican and American Senutorb of Ohio, twenty-
nine is) number:
" . That we, the :mti-l\TcbraKka member^ of the
Senate of tiie'CenrrrJ A^-emuy of '-v ue of Ohio, liavin?
c.une icc-"Rtiy irom anioitir ti.e ffthe Suite, and
beiupr, a*; wc beiujvT\ jut.niateiy aeoaaiiit-'d Willi their
view* and t-'nnf;fnent-,'are well assured that a laig" mmoi-
ity of the ciiizen- of the Siate Hpprove the cuiuse punned |
and adopted b' the i}ia,o.,Tv utir ueiejianon m CongK-'.-s I
xn rocaid !<"> the "Joetio i of Sn'Mkcr, and th'jy eari<-f'y
d^sne to see annai'jine.u-'vote bvthe member.-of the Jiou-e
of Representatives ?! oni tin- Stale for a Speaker known to
be oupoucd to the fuither cxtonwon of slaveiy.5'
A. KELLY.
Hon. Sami;el Gaij ov,*ay.
Mr. HARRISON. So far as my action in this
House may have been referred to in the tele-
graphic dispatch from Ohio, which has just been
read, I have only to say that I owe no allegiance
to any Republican-American .party—that ,3 was
nominated by the Simon-pure Aw®i«an j rty,
voted for by theia, and elected, .by, them-; and so
long as I shall have the honor of a^iseat upon i$*§s
floor I shall do my utmost to can-y out Americaa
principles. 1 vote for Mr. Peskington'.
Mr; McMULLIN. I dislike the practice gen-
tlemen of this House have got into of maMrfg
personal explanations when their names are
callcd; but, lest I should be regarded as unfash-
ionable, I desire to trespass upon the attention of
the House'for five minutes or move, I desire to
know of my Democratic friends, with whom it
has been my pride and pleasure to act, and who
wore present on Saturday night at the caucus
which adopted the resolution by which to en-
deavor to settle this question of the speakership
by a test of physical endurance, what they expect
to accomplish by it ? If any gentleman who was
in that caucus can satisfy me that by remaining
here during the night an election can be had, I
will act with them; but I hold that such action
is not in accordance with the xtsages of the party.
Do you expect to obtain an advantage by tlie ab-
sence of members, produced by indisposition or
otherwise ? I regret, sir, to differ with the great
national Democratic party. I desire an organiza-
tion of this House as much as any man upon this
floor; but fair play is a jewel. Why not meet
the question like men, and not endeavor to settle
this matter by a test of physical endurance ? I
would not attend the caucus to which I have re-
ferred, for the reason that I feared such a resolu-
tion would bo introduced and adopted. I am
ojjposed to such a policy.
But, 1 repeat, if any member of the Democratic
party will satisfy me that we can effect an election
by a protracted session, I will remain here to-night
and to-morrow night. If I am not so satisfied', I
shall take occasion to move an adjournment when-
ever 1 think best. 1 vote for Mr. Richakdson.
Mr. MOORE. The telegraphic dispatch which
has been read by my colleague, [Mr. Oallowat,]
from the twenty-nine Senators from the State of
Ohio, has been read, I suppose, either for the
purpose of operating as a salve for the nineteen
gentlemen from that State on this floor who have
been voting for Mr. Banks, or for the purpose of
ringing in two gentlemen who have seen proper
to vote "gainst Mr. Banks. Now, so far as I
am conccrned, it is sufficient for me to say, that
1 do not represent, on this floor, the twenty-nine
Senators who have spoken, but I represent the
tenth congressional district of the State of Ohio.
I came here to speak their sentiments, and not
the sentiments of twenty-nine men who may have
happened to be sent to the city of Columbus as
Seiiatois. If I came here to represent any one
Senator, it would certainly be that Senator who
came from my own district; and I now propose
to read wliat be says in reference to my course.
[Cries of" ilend!" " R«ad !"] I hold in my hand
a letter dated December 21, 1855, up to which
time I had been voting against Mr. Banks, as I
have been ever since. He says in that letter:
your course in reibrence to the ejection of a Speaker
is acceptable to jour constituents, so far as I am advised."
A Voice. Who is that letter from?
Mr. MOORE. From the Senator of my dis-
trict—11. S. Eundy, one of the twenty-nine.
[Laughter.]
The call of the roll was resumed, and the re-
sult announced as above.
Mr. MILLWARD, (at ten minutes past six,
p. m.) I move that the House do now adjourn.
Mr. ETHEK.1DU E. On that motion I cull for
tellers.
Tellers were ordered, and Messrs. Wheeler
ami Tiiorington were appointed.
The House was divided; and the tellers re-
ported—ayes 19, noes not counted.
So the House refused to adjourn.
The House proceeded to vote the one hundred
and third time for Speaker, with the following
result: Whole number of votes cast, 19b"; neces-
sary to a choice, 93; of which—
Nathaniel P. Banks received .92
William A. IlicJiardsoa 67
Henry 31. Full°i ^
Alexander C. M. Pennington  p
Samuel Caruthers      ^
Jamv's L. Orr      t
Jolm Williams  1
Henry Bennett  1
So there was no choice.
