1856.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBS.
34th Cong.... 1st Sess.
Kansas Contested Election—Mr. Oliver, of Missouri*
Ho. or Reps.
ceptihle of th« clearest proof, were it necessary,
that hundreds of those emigrants, in less than
one week after the election was over, were seen
returning, as they said,to their homes in the East
on steamboats and by la^id, saying that they had
fulfilled their obligations to those under whose au-
spices they had gone there; that they had seen the
Territory; that they did not like the appearance
of it; and that they thought they could be much
more happy at their old homes in the East than
in the Territory. In proof of the assertion that
these emigrants were mere adventurers, I beg to
state the fact, that there were not more than eight
or ten females to two or three hundred males in
that emigration, and that their traveling equi-
pages consisted, in the main, of hand-sacks and '•
small trunks. Some of them had guns, and {
nearly all of them side-arms and other weapons
of offense and defense. i
When the people in the western part of the 1
State of Missouri heard of these things, being !
satisfied that the sole object of this emigrant aid |
society was to throw men into the Territory to 1
control the first election, and when they saw with
their own eyes hundreds and thousands of men
pouring into the Territoryjust before the election,
their apprehensions were excited, and they were
rendered indignant to the highest degree at the
idea that abolitionism in the North should resort
to such unusual and extraordinary means to de- |j
feat the establishment in Kansas of an institution [!
which existed amongst themselves. Many of '
them went over into the Territory, for no pur-
pose of violence, but rather to aid in preserving
the laws of the Territory and the purity of the ■
ballot-box. But at the same time I will say, in
all frankness, that many of them went into the 11
Territory determined to vote, if it was necessary •
to prevent the effects which would otherwise have
resulted from this unusual and extraordinary in-
termeddling with the looal interests and domestic •
institutions of that Territory by those who had
reached it under the auspices of the emigrant aid
society. I do not know, however, of a verity, :l
that any citizen of Missouri voted in that Terri- J
tory. There may have been some who did; but '!
if they did, they aid nothing more than was done ; j
by hundreds of persons who had reached the |;
Territory only a few days before the election, j j
and who had not been within its borders more ; j
than three or four days. Hundreds of such per- ;
sons left the Territory for their liomes in the East j
—some the very evening after the election, and ;
others a few days afterwards. If, then, there
were any illegal votes cast by Missourians at that j j
election in tne Territory of Kansas, they were 1 j
cast to counteract the evil effects of the illegal
votes cast by those who had intruded themselves
into that Territory for but one purpose, and that
was, to vote to control the election of members to
the Territorial Legislature. I do not pretend that
any such voting was lawful, but I do maintain
that if that be true which I have stated, as to the
interference of the proteges of this emigrant aid
society, it is a circumstance that goes far, very
far, to mitigate any irregularity on the part of the
people of Missouri in voting at that election.
' Wow, Mr. Speaker, with these facts and cir-
cumstances before us, I think I may with every
degree of propriety assert, that if, after Governor !
Reeder received his appointment as Governor of
the Territory of Kansas, he had within a reason-
able period of time repaired to the field of his
duties and taken steps towards putting the gov-
ernment of Kansas into successful operation, there
would have been no illegal voting in the Territory;'
there would have been no strife, no contention, j
no disorder, no shedding of fraternal blood; but j
that on the contrary the election would have '
passed off quietly, unmarked by any occurrences 1
that would have attracted the attention of the !
people outside of the Territory; but Governor j
Reeder, as I verily believe, designedly delayed i
entering upon the duties which devolved upon
Kim as Governor of that Territory, for the pur- j
pose of giving to the eastern emigrant aid society
full time and opportunity to flood the Territory
of Kansas with those whom they sent there for
the purpose, and the sole purpose, of controlling
the first election of members of the Legislature
of that Territory. Such interference was well
calculated to engender bad Aiding, and to lead
ultimately to physical strife between tha contend-
ing parties in that Territory; in some few in-
stances, affrays occurred, blood was shed, and
lives were lost; and all of that blood and those
! lives sacrificed, I charge, rest this day upon the
head of Governor Reeder.
At the time of the passage of the Kansas-Ne-
. braska act, the people of Missouri were compara-
1 tively unconcerned in regard to the institutions to
i be established in theTerritory of Kansas. Agreat
| majority of them, however, were strongly in favor
of the repeal, of the Missouri restriction, or so-
called compromise, because they felt that when
| that was done an unjust restriction was repealed,
| and the Territory opened up to southern as well as
j tonortliernmen,withthepropertyofeach. They
I were willing to let the principle recognized by the
Kansas-Nebraska act—of the right of the people
of the Territory to settle all questions of domestic
policy (including the subject of slavery) in their
own way—to take its ordinary and legitimate
course. They were perfectly willing to abide by
the principle recognized in that act; and if that
Territory had been peopled under the ordinary
laws of emigration and settlement, by persons
attracted thither by the usual inducements for
the purpose of becoming bona fide settlers of the
Territory, the people of Missouri never would
have thought of the least interference, or irregu-
larity of movement in regard to the formation of
the institutions of that Territory. They would
have been governed by the well-established prin-
ciple that lies at the foundation af our Republic—
that the will of a majority of the people of the
State, or of any lawfully-constituted community,
should govern in all inatters pertaining to their
domestic interests and welfare. But, seeing, as
they did, an effort made on the part of these as-
sociations in the East, and even by State Legisla-
tures chartering companies., as did the Legislature
of Massachusetts, with a capital of $5,000,000, to
send emigrants to that Territory, to make it free,
the people of Missouri were justly indignant at
so gross an interference with the affairs of Kan-
sas—aninterfercnce which was intended to operate
Erejudicially to the institution of slavery in the
tate of Missouri. They were then determined
that they would not stand quietly by and behold
this incursion into the Territory, and this inter-
ference in a way so extraordinary in its character
and wholly without example in tr>e history of the
country, and the natural effect of which must be
to injure them in their rights of property and in
their general welfare.
Sir, whatever the people of western Missouri
may have done in that Territory, if the factsand
circumstances fail to make outa clear case of jus-
tification, they will, I am sure, in the judgment
of all reasonable men, greatly mitigate their al-
leged. impropriety in regard to the affairs of that
Territory. And in their behalf I am prepared to
make this declaration, that whenever these asso-
ciations are broken up, these chartered companies
torn down, and this interference on the part of
associations in the East with the subjectof slavery
in Kansas ceased, the people of western Missouri
will then be the first to condemn any improper in-
terference with the elections in that Territory or
with any matter that pertains to its local and.
domestic interests. They will be willing to abide
by the decision of the actual, bona fide settlers of
that Territory in regard to slavery or any other
subject; and, however mueh they may regret the
decisions of the people of that Territory, as they
may operate upon their own interests, either di-
rectly or indirectly, they will still, as loyal, faith-
ful citizens, bow submissively to the judgment of
the majority of the actual inhabitants of that Ter-
ritory in the formation of their social institutions.
Mr. Speaker, my people have been denounced
aa " border ruffian#. Border ruffians! A term
intended to disparage that paopie—to get up a
public sentiment in the North for political ends.
The Missouri "border ruffians"—a people made
up of persons coming from the old States, of men
of wealth, intelligence, and high moral worth—
men of enterprise, public and private. To de-
termine the correctness of what is intended as an
opprobrious epithet, you have but to go through
that part of the State—to behold the wide-spread
fields, churches «f every denomination, numerous
school-houses, the high etate of civilization and
refinement; and then talk about the people, of Mis-
souri being "border ruffians!" Behold its people
made up of citizens of every country—of men
from the "Old Dominion," from Kentucky, from
every southern State, from many of the northern
States—behold them, a proud, gallant, and patri-
otic people, conscious of their rights, and with
nerve to maintain them; and then let these traitors
undertake to designate them by the title of " bor-
der ruffians."
I do not allude to this in any spirit of unkind-
ness. The term, has ceased to be any longer a
term of reproach, or to wound the sensibilities of
the people of western Missouri. I even see that
the ladies in my State are called "border ruf-
fians. " They understand it all, and treat it with
dignified contempt.
well, when Governor Reeder gets control of
matters in Kansas, then comes this flood of emi-
grants from the East, under the auspices of these
" emigrant aid societies;" of course, it was for
no other purpose than to control the approaching
election. That was their avowed purpose. It
; was the purpose for which they went up the river;
and I submit it to you, as candid gentlemen, as
men of spirit, of honor, as men who are conscious
of your rights, would you, were you an inhabit-
ant of Missouri, allow your rights to be invaded,
your property to be depreciated and rendered
insecure, and your country to be flooded by a
class of men whose design was to perform acta.
and pass laws which would materially affect your
rights and interests ? and that, too, in a Territory
in which you had the same rights with them and
every portion of the country ? I ask for an honest
reply. "When the people of Missouri saw these
proceedings on the part of these intermeddlers in
the aflairs of Kansas, and in contravention of tha
principles of the Kansas-Nebraska act, they were
aroused—I confess it, and confess it with no spirit
of humiliation, but with pride, and to the honor
of my people—they were aroused to an indigna-
tion which knew no bounds. They said, " Let
peace be upon our borders. We will observe, if
possible, the law; we are opposed to the shedding
of fraternal blood; but these people have come
with the declared determination that the Territory
shall be made free by this extraordinary organi-
zation, and if they will vote against law, we will
ask to be allowed the same privilege, rather than
the shedding of blood."
It has been charged, Mr. Speaker, in the paper
filed by Governor Reeder, that the people of Mis-
souri went into that Territory with martial music,
with banners flying;, and, he says, with powder
and arms. Does be allege that there was any
civil strife within the Territory ? There was none.
Nor do I know of any Missourian who voted at
that election in that territory. Not one. On
the other hand,hundreds upon hundreds from the
East, who went into that Territory about the fif-
teenth of March—about fifteen days before the
election—did vote; and when the election was over,
they went down the river by hundreds. They
said that they had voted; that they had seen the
elephant; were gratified with the sight; and had
concluded to leave there. That was according to
the contract under which they went there.
Very well, then; we had members of the Legis-
lature elected, and Governor Reeder was the pre-
siding officer of the Territory. He had authority to
commission the members elected. Of the twenty-
six members elected to the Assembly on the first
returns, be commissioned seventeen. Governor
Reeder himself commissioned seventeen, notwith-
standing he now says, in his statement to this
House, that the elections were all made by people
who came from Missouri, accompanied with force
and violence. If such was the case, did net he
know it then? Was he not in the Territory, and
did he not know it ? He knew fUll well that if
there had been irregularity on the one side, tjiere
had been also on the other, and. he knew how it
was brought about. When the members elect
presented themselves, he commissioned all but
nine, and those nine be referred back to the
people. The election took place, and then the
Legislature had a right to pass upon the qualifi-
cations of its own members as an ultimate power.
Nobody denies that Governor Reeder thus com-
missioned seventeen out of twenty-six members.
The others were referred back to the people.
