1856.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1779
Mr. FISH. I would ask the Senator from
Florida whether the bill intends to include news-
papers which may be sent to other persons than
regular subscribers?
Mr. YTJLEE. It includes all transient printed
matter. It does not include papers to regular
subscribers.
Mr. FISH. It includes occasional papers that
may be sent.
Mr.YULEE. Yes, sir.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, read the third time, and passed.
JOSEPH GRAHAM.
The bill (S. No. 333) for the relief of Joseph
Graham was read the second time, and consid-
ered as in Committee of the Whole.
It proposes to direct the Secretary of the Treas-
ury to pay to Joseph Graham, consul of the
United States at Buenos Ayres, $2,254 25 for his
services as acting charge d 'affaires atBuenosAyres
from the 3d of August to the 11th of September,
1852; from the 25th of November, 1852, to the
26th of March, 1853; and from the 31st of March
to the 20th of October, 1854.
Mr. BENJAMIN. As the chairman of the
Committee on Foreign Relations is absent, I
move that the bill be postponed.
Mr. PUGH. I hope it will not be postponed.
There is a printed report accompanying it.
Mr. BENJAMIN. Let us hear the report.
The Secretary read the following report, made
by Mr. Mason on the 23d of May;
The Committee on Foreign Relations, to whom was re-
ferred the memorial of Joseph Graham, United States con-
sul at Buenos Ayres, piaying compensation for diplomatic
services, have had the same under consideration, and now
report:
The claimant alleges m hi^ memorial, that as consul of
the United States at Buenos Ayres he was placed in charge
of the legation by Mr. Pendleton, the charge d'affaires of the
United States at that place, August 3,1852, when the latter
gentleman left his post on a special mission to Montevideo.
That he was duly presented and recognized as the charge
d'affaires of the United States, performed all the duties and
incurred all the exponas and responsibilities of that office
from that time to October 20,1854, when Mr. Peden, the
successor of Mr. Pendleton, entered upon the duties of the
legation. He admits th.it Mr. Pendleton returned tiom his
mission to Montevideo, Septembei 11, lb,>2, and remained
until the 25th of November following, and that he also re-
turned from his special mission to Pataguay, March96.1833,
and remained at his po?t until his return to the United
States; but alleges that, subsequent to ins own recognition
as charge d'affaues by the Government of Buenos Ayres,
and during the absence of Mr. Pendleton, a revolution oc-
curred in that country, a new party came into power, by
which he was recognized as chaig6 d'atiaire*, and conse-
quently he continued to act in that capacity even while
Mr. Pendleton wus at hi- post
The Secretaiy of State, m a letter to the Hon. Thomas
II. Bayly, chairman of the Committee on Foreign Affairs,
dated Febiuaiy 9, 18." 4, &ay- : u That on the departure of
Mr. Pendleton from bis post, on a special mission to the
upper provinces of the Argentine Confedeiation, Mr. Gia-
hani was officially announced to, and recognized by, the
Government of Buenos Ayres, a- chargd d> affaires during
Mr. Pendleton's absence, and in that character corre-
sponded with the Government and with thh> Department
from August 3, 1832, unnl the 11th of the following month.
"On Novembcr25,18.53. Mr. Pendleton again left Buenos
Ayres for the Republic of Pa$igua.y, and was absent until
the 28th of Maich following. During this interval, Mr.
Graham addressed dispatches to this Department m the
chaiacter of charge d'affaires; and although there is no
evidence on file to show that he was officially piesented at
the Government, it appears that he was recognized in that
capacity."
And in a letter to the chairman of this committee, dated
May 12, 185t>, the Secretaiy of State, after leferring to the
*<continuous diplomatic seivioe from August 3,1852, untii
the arrival of Mr. Peden, that is, to October 20, 1854,"
which CkMr. Graham represents himself as having per-
formed," as being for (k a considerable part of the time, at
the most, constrictive, and not justly entitled to that con-
sideration which Mr. Graham attached to it," adds, I am
of the opinion, however, that Mr. Graham is entitled to
compensation m a diplomatic character during Mr. Pen-
dleton's absences, mentioned in my letter to -Mr. Bayly,
(above referred to,) and from Mr. Pendleton's presentation
of him on March 31,1854, to the 20th of October of the
baiiie year."
Acting upon the principle heretofore established in
similar eases, the committee repoit a bill in favor of the
claimant, allowing compensation for the several periods
the United States had no other diplomatic agent at Buenos
Ayres, and recommend its passage.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment.
Mr. ADAMS. I should like to know from
some member of the Committee on Foreign Re-
lations, whether Mr. Pendleton did not receive
compensation as charge at Buenos Ayres during
this period ? If I recollect rightly, Mr. Pendleton
was paid as minister extraordinary during this
time. It is right and proper that the charge acting
in his absence should receive pay j but it was not
right and proper that Mr. Pendleton should re-
ceive compensation as minister and charge at the
same time, and then call on us to pay his repre-
sentative also. I merely inquire for information,
if Mr. Pendleton received that pay? I think we
should not duplicate the pay for the same ser-
vices, as it seems to me is done in this case.
Mr. CLAY. I move the postponement of this
bill under the suggestion of the Senator from Mis-
sissippi. If, as he suggests, Mr. Pendleton has
been paid both in the character of minister and
charge d'affaires, it is certainly not right that we
should pay this man. I move the postponement
that we may have some explanation of the matter.
Mr. FISH. I think the gentleman will be
satisfied that it is not necessary to postpone this
bill, by a brief statement. Mr. Pendleton was
charge to Buenos Ayres,-and was senton a special
mission to negotiate treaties with Paraguay and
Uraguay. During his absence this gentleman
was appointed charge, recognized as such, and
corresponded with the Government as such for
the periods named in the bill.
Mr. Pendleton made application for compen-
sation for the special missions on which he had
been sent by orders of the Government; and for
those special missions we passed a bill two years
ago, paying him his actual expenses and twenty-
five dollars a day. Mr. Pendleton received that
money under protest. Mr. Schenck, who was
provided for in the same bill, declined to receive
it, and continued his application, and was al-
lowed the outfit for these two missions. This
winter Mr. Pendleton came here and was allowed
outfits the same as Mr. Schenck, deducting the
amount received under the previous bill. He
and Mr. Schenck received only the salary of a
charge, and an outfit. During Mr. Pendleton's
absence, this gentleman was discharging his du-
ties at Buenos Ayres.
Mr. CLAY, Under that explanation, I with-
draw my motion.
The bill was ordered to he engrossed for a
third reading, was read the third time, and passed.
On motion of Mr. ALLEN", the Senate ad-
journed.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Saturday, July 26, 1856.
The House mctat eleven o'clock, a. m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. Daniel Waldo.
The SPEAKER. The Chair asks the consent
of the House that the Journal may be r^ad.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I must object un-
less a quorum is present. Members will be ask-
ing the consent of the House to do businesswith
less than a quorum present.
The SPEAKER. There are but seventy mem-
bers within the bar of the House.
CALL OF THE HOUSE.
Mr. COX. I move that there be a call of the
House.
The motion was agreed to.
The roJi was then called; and the following
members failed to answer to their names:
Me^sr?.. Bat clay, Bishop, Bocock, Boyce, Branch, liui-
lingame, CadwuJader, Jame*. 11. Campbell, John P. (Camp-
bell, Lewis D. Campbell, Ca^kiu, Chaffee, ChiUK, Bayard
Claike, Ezra Claik, Claws-on, Clmaman, Ilowcll Cobb,
Coltax, Cr.igui. Crawford, Henry Winter Davis, Timothy
Davis, Day, Do Witt, Dowdell, Duriee. Edie, Edmund-son,
Elliott, Engli«h,Eu.stis, Evans, FauJknci, Florence, Henry
M. Fullei, Galloway, Goode, (it ecu wood. Grow, Augustus
Hall, Robcu B. Hall, J. Moi/Uon Hains, Samp-on W.
Harris. Harrison. Herbert. Hickman, Howard, Kelly, Kid-
well, Kunkel, Lake, Lmdley. Mace, Alexandei K. Mai-
shaU, Humphiev MaishaU, Samuel S. Marshall, Maxwell.
McCarty, McMulhn, MeGtueen, Smith Millci, Mdlwaid,
Moore, Mouill,Mott,Muiray,Mordccai Olivet, Orr, Packer,
Paine, Pearce, Pennington. Petry, Pettit, Purjeat, iheaud,
Richardson, Robert*. Robwm. Sage, Sandndire, Savatre,
Seward, Shorter, William R. Smith, Taibott, Wakema'n,
Walker, Watkms, Welch, Wheeler, Winalow, Wood,
Daniel B. Wnglit, and John V. Wright.
Mr. "WHITNEY stated that his colleague,
Mr. Clark, had paired off with Mr. Kelly.
A quorum of members having answered to their
names, on motion of Mr, PHELPS all further
proceedings under the call were dispensed with.
On motion of Mr. SiNfEED, by unanimous
consent, the reading of the Journal was dis-
pensed with.
The SPEAKER stated the business in order to
be the call of committees for reports of private
bills.
MESSAGE FROM THE SENATE.
A message from the Senate was received, by
Mr. Dickixs, their Secretary, announcing that
the Senate had passed bills of the following titles;
in which he was directed to ask the concurrence
of the House:
An act for the relief of J. E. Martin;
An act for the relief of Charles Stearns;
An act for the relief of Franklin Peale;
An act for the relief of John Bronson;
An act for the relief of Joseph Graham;
An act for the relief of Joseph Hill;
An act for the relief of Francis A. Gibbon and
Francis X. Kelly;
An act for the relief of Joseph D, Beers, of the
city of New York;
An act for the relief of Thomas M. Newell;
and
An act providing for the compulsory prepay-
ment of postage on all transient printed matter.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio, moved that the
] rules be suspended, and that the House, resolve
i itself into the Committee of the Whole on the
1 state of the Union.
; Mr. KNOWLTON moved that the House go
j into Committee of the Whole on the Private Cal-
{ endar.
| Mr. CAMPBELL. I hope the motion will
| not prevail. Notice has been given that on
! Wednesday, a question of privilege is to be called
i up, and unless the House will go into the Com-
i miitee of the Whole on the state of the Union,
i we shall not be able to dispose of the appropria-
J tion bills.
| Mr. FULLER, of Maine. Debate is not in
order. I call the gentleman from Ohio to order.
Mr. PHELPS. I call for the yeas and nays
upon this motion, and I will say that if this were
objection day—[** Order!" " Order!"] I would
not be willing to go [" Older lft] into Committee
of the Whole on the state of the Union. [Shouts
of " Order!"]
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken upon Mr. ICnowlton's
motion; and it was decided in the affirmative—•
yeas 99, nays 51; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Albright, Allison, Bell, Henry Bennett,
Heridlcy S. Bennett, Benson, Bingham, Bliss, Brenton,
; B)oom, Buffinton, Carlile, dawson, Williamson R. W.
' Cobb, Comins., C'ovode, Cox, Cragin, Cullen, Cumback,
| Dcimrell, Davidson, Dean, Denver, Dick, Dickson, Dodd,
I Dunn, Durfee, Edwards, Fnmc, Ethendge, Flagler, Foster,
• Thomas J. D. Fuller, Giddings, Granger, Harlan, Hoffman,
i ThomasR.Hoiton,ValentineB. Horton, Hughston, Keisey,
' King, Knapp, Knight, Knovvlton, Knox, Lake, Leiter, Mat-
tehon, McCaity, Kilhan Miller, Morgan, Mott, IVorton, An-
drew Ohvei, Peek, Pelton, Pennington, Pettit, Pike, Porter,
Pringle,Q,uitinan,Reade, Ready. Ricaud, Rivers, Robbins,
Rust, Sapp, Scott, Sherman, Simmons, William Smith,
William R. Smith, Sneed, Spinner, Stranahan, Taylor,
Todd, Trafton, Trippc. Tyson, Underwood, Valfc, Wade,
Walbridge, Waldron, Calwalader C. Wa&hburne, ISllihu B.
Wa>hburne,Watson, Well*,Whitney, Williams, Woodruff,
Woodworth, and Zollieoffer— 99.
NAY'S—Messrs. Aiken, Ball, Barbour, Barksdale, Bowie,
Brad^haw, Branch, Burnett, Lewi^ D. Campbell, Caruthers,
Chaffee, Colfax, Craige, Crawford, Galloway, Gilbert,
Goode, Greenwood, Robert B. Hall, Thomas L. Harris, Ha-
ven, Houston, Jewett, George W. Jones, Letcher, Lump-
kin, MeMulhn, Moacham, Smith Miller, Million, Morrill,
Nichols, Parker, Phelps, Powell, Ritchie, RufHn, Sabin,
Samuel A. Smith, Stanton, Stephens, Stewart, Taibott,
i Tappan, Tnoruigton, Thurston, Vail,Warner, Israel Wash-
burn, Watkma, and John V. Wright—51.
So the motion was agreed to.
Pending the call of the roll,
Mr. COX stated thathis colleague,Mr. Camp-
bell, of Kentucky, had paired off for a few days
with Mr. Ball, upon ail territorial questions, and
questions affecting the subject of slavery.
Mr. DEAN stated that Mr. Clark, of Con-
necticut, had paired off with Mr. Sandidge, who
was detained fiom the House by sickness.
Mr. EVANS ctated that he had paired off with
Mr. Roberts until Wednesday next.
I Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I propose that, by
! unanimous consent of the House, the committee
) shall regard this as objection day, and commence
i the Calendar where they left off yesterday.
I Mr. READV. I object.
j Mr. GIDDINGS. 1 hope the objection will
i be withdrawn. If we go into committee, and go
■ to discussing these private bills, we shall accom-
| plish nothing. I should not have voted to go into
| committee if I had not supposed it was to be
! regarded as ohjection day.
The SPEAKER. No debate is in order. The
House has agreed to go into committee.
The House then resolved itself into a Commit-
