906
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 15,
only of that proposed plan ? Less than one third
of the building, according to the drawings, can be
put up with the money now appropriated. We
all know very well how from little beginnings like
this we are drawn inch by inch into large appro-
priations. Why, sir, if you had been told last
year that it was to cost you a million and a quar-
ter of dollars to put a dome on this Capitol, is
there a Senator here who would have voted for
the first dollar? Yet, X understand that is the
estimate now. When you were first asked to
make a little appropriation of $5,000 for a survey
for the Washington aqueduct, did it occur to you
that it was to involve us in a cost of three or four
millions of dollars ?
As one of the members of the Senate, as a mem-
ber of that committee who had charge of this in-
vestigation, I felt it to be my duty to inform the
Senate how this building was being commenced,
so that the Senate should not hereafter, by any
default of mine, charge that they had not been
fully advised in reference to the facts of the case
before they undertook this work. I did believe,
I do now believe, and I state upon my honor,
that, in my opinion, if this work is not arrested,
it will ultimately cost this Government a quarter
of a million of dollars. In saying this, I do not
mean to charge the Secretary of War with neg-
lect of his duty. I have not so charged; I have
not so intimated; but I cannot close my eyes to
the fact that, in all probability, on the 4th of next
March, the present Secretary of War will leave
his office, and somebody else will succecd him.
Then the reports of Colonel Craig, and the draw-
ings to which I have alluded, will be treated as
evidences of what Congress meant m the begin-
ning, and, as such, will be submitted to his suc-
cessor and to our successors; and we shall be
asked, as we have been in reference to other mat-
ters, to go on according to the original design.
The next Congress will be told that the original
purpose was to build a house with two wings and
a main building. It will be said: " Here are the
drawings; here is the recommendation of Col-
onel Craig, the colonel of ordnance who had
charge of the work. It is true we only contracted
for $30,000 in the beginning because we only had
$30,000; but the design of Congress evidently
was, from the proofs which we exhibit to you,
to crect a building according to this plan." And,
then, when the facts are forgotten, when the
present Secretary shall be succeeded by some-
body else, additional appropriations will be pro-
posed, and they will be slipped into appropria-
tion bills, and lijy-and-by we shall wake up to the
reality that we have spent a quarter of a million
of dollars for a building for which we never had
any use under heaven, and for which we have
no use now 
Mr. WELLER. I desire to inquire, as the
hour of one o'clock has arrived, whether this
motion takes precedence of the special order
assigned for one o'clock? I believe that amotion
to reconsider is a privileged motion; but I do not
know that it follows, as a conscquencc, that
Senators have a right to discuss it to the exclu-
sion of other business.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Foot in
the chair.) The Chair understands this to be a
motion for the reconsideration of the vote by
which a joint resolution was passed by this body.
Such a motion it has already been decided by the
President of the Senate (and the present occu-
pant of the chair will concur in that decision) to
be a privileged question, which does take piece-
dence even of the special orders; and it holds
that position so long as it shall be under discus-
sion.
Mr. WELLER. The motion is undoubtedly
a privileged one; but after it has been entered, it
takes its place with other business, and certainly
does not supersede special orders assigned for
one o'clock. That, in my judgment, is the proper
constiuclioii of the rule.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair re-
gards the motion as pending while under discus-
sion; and, while pending, it takes precedence.
Mr. F1TZPATRICK. If the Senator from
Mississippi will indulge me for a moment, I will
dispose of the question so as to rid me of any
embarrassment.
Mr. BROWN. I yield.
Mr. FLTZPATRlCK. I wish simply to state,
that from indisposition my colleague [Mr. Clay]
is unable to attend the Senate to-day. He has
been very much of an invalid for the last four or
five days; and has been confined to his room.
He is not able to attend and address the Senate
to-day. lie is, however, convalescent, and hopes
to be able to submithis remarks on Monday next.
I propose, therefore, to take up the Kansas bill
and postpone it until Monday next, at one o'clock,
and make it the special order for that day, with
the understanding that my colleague will then
address the Senate.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. By unanimous
consent the Chair will entertain the motion of
the Senator from Alabama. The Chair hears no
objection; and the bill to which he alludes (S. No.
172) is before the Senate for consideration. The
motion is, that it shall be postponed to Monday
next, and made the special order for that day, at
one o'clock.
The motion was agreed to.
The PRESIDING1"OFFICER. The question
is on the motion to reconsider the vote, by which
the joint resolution changing the location of the
District armory from the Mall to Judiciary square
was passed.
Mr. BROWN. I do not mean to worry the
Senate with this question, though I really think it
is of consequence. The site on which it is pro-
posed to erect this building, as I remarked before,
contains seventeen acres of ground, lying directly
between the Capitol and the Potomac river. This
it is proposed to spoil, as I think, with this build-
ing, and to give up as a mere parade ground.
The interests involved, in my opinion, greatly
exceed the simple question of the $30,000 whicn
happens to have been appropriated. If gentle-
men will take the trouble to look into the past
history of our legislation, they will find that when
'you erected your Treasury Department—which
is a national building—it was put on the Presi-
dent's square. Why was it not placed on the
Mall? Because at that day the President and those
who had the location of that building believed
it to be right to preserve the Mall from encroach-
ment. At a later day, when you built the Patent
Office, why was not that put upon the Mall? It
was not done, because the gentleman who had
control of public affairs then thought thai this res-
ervation ought to be preserved. When you built
your Post Office Department, why did you buy
the ground on which it was erected, instead of
taking the Mall, which you owned ?
My friend from California asks me—I hardly
like to stop to answer such a question—why do
we wish to preserve it? Sir, why does Philadel-
phia pay large sums of money for public parks?
Why has New York within the last twelve
! months paid $6,000,000 for a public park ? Why
is Boston Common to-day considered the beauty
and the glory of that ancient city ? Because these
reservations, m the course of time, as cities grow
largo and old, become the very lungs through
which your population breathe. That is the rea-
son why we wish to preserve this reservation.
When you located your Military Asylum why
did you not put that on the Mall ? You selected
a site in the neighborhood of this city, and paid
$50,000 for the ground on which to locate it.
Two years ago, when you were about to locate
the Lunatic Asylum, why was not that put there ?
Then you paid a large sum of money for ground
upon which to locate that building. Now, sir,
when you are about to erect buildings for the
War, State, and Navy Departments—national
buildings—why do you not put them there? It
seems that nothing is to go there but this poor,
little miserable armory; and it is to be placed
there because certain men desire to use the Mall
as a parade ground for their holiday soldiers—
I ground which has been held sacred—which was
first laid off by the Father of his Country, as I am
prepared to show. I have the plan of the city
signed by General Washington himself, with his
own sign manual, laying off and preserving this
ground for the public use. For fifty years it has
been preserved intact with two exceptions. You
placed the Smithsonian Institution there, and I
| think it very much out of place. If I had been
j here at the time, I should have opposed its being
| located there. You also provided for placing the
| Washington monument there, and you could not
; haye put it in a more proper placp; butnobuild-
I ing ought to have gone there. Why, sir, if you
place this armory there, what will be the next
plan suggested ? Somebody will propose to put
the market house there; and by-and-by somebody
will wish to have the jail removed there. Then
some one will wish the school-houses to be put
there, because it will make a pretty play-ground
for the children; then you will have a blind asy-
lum there, because the blind children will be able
to get fresh air. Better reasons can be given for
putting any of these buildings there than for des-
ecrating this reservation by giving it up for a
parade ground.
A reason which I have heard assigned for using
this as a parade ground is that it is convenient;
that the soldiers will not have to go a great dis-
tance to parade. If they desire to bo martial men
why can they not go out into the suburbs and
find ground to exercise upon ? Why must they
have a convenient place ? I do not wish to speak
disrespectfully, but I must characterize it as the
feeblest of all possible justifications for this con-
duct.
We know very well how oneof these encroach-
ments leads to another. We know very well
that having placed the Smithsonian Institution
there is now cited as a reason why we should
put this armory there; and the reason will have
double strength to justify future encroachments,
if you permit the armory now to remain there.
I suppose that when they get the armory well
fixed we shall have to put up little booths and
drinking establishments, where the soldiers can
got refreshments. A parade ground where there
is nothing to drink on a hot day will not do at all.
[Laughter.] They must have a little liquor, and
lemonade, and refreshments of all sorts ! This
ground, which was designed originally for public
uses, will be entirely converted from the purpose
for which it was designed, and dedicated to others
entirely different and, in my judgment, altogether
improper.
My friend from Florida says that the proposed
location in the neighborhood of the City Hall will
be a great disadvantage to the sick in the Infirm-
ary. Does he know that these holiday soldiers
always parade there now? On every muster day
they beat the drum and blow the fife and display
their banners directly in front of the City Hall;
and if they have not given the court or the In-
firmary any inconvenience heretofore, why is it
to be so hereafter ? Besides it is the easiest thing
in the world to put in a clause saying that they
shall not beat the drum and blow the fife there;
that the building shall be a depository for arms,
but that military cxcrcises shall be conducted
somewhere else. Then, all that reasoning falls
to the ground. It is simply thrown in by way
of defeating a change of the site. I am author-
ized by the physician who attends the Infirmary—
Dr. May—to say that it will be no disadvantage
to the Infirmary to have the proposed armory lo-
cated on Judiciary square. I am authorized to
say by practicing lawyers of the court that it
will be no disadvantage to the court to have it
put there.
If the Senate will indulge me for a moment
longer, I will show what was thought originally,
and I bog them to bear in mind that these reserva-
tions were originally made for the purposes which
I have designated. So early as JH06 the question
was submitted by President Jefferson to Mr. At-
torney General jBreckenridge, as to whether one
of these reservations could, with propriety, be
taken and dedicated to any other than its^original
uses? He gave this opinion:
" The power of the President to establish the plan of the
city is demed solely fiom the deeds of the propuetors."
The allusion is to the original proprietors of
the soil.
" These require the trustees to convey to the coramis-
sioner3 such streets, squares, parcels and lots, as the Presi-
dent shall deem ptoper for the use of the United States.
The manner in which this power shall be exercised being
also undefined, us execution is to be nought for m the dec-
larations, acts, or injunctions by which it is manifested.
When such execution"—
that is, the execution of the duty of locating
these reservations—
" is clearly manifested by any f-uch act, it is, I conceive,, a
complete exercise of the power, and so far as that act ex-
tends, is irrevocable by himself and binding on Ins success-
ors."
The Attorney General thus gave his opinion to
Mr. Jefferson at that day, that it was not compe-
tent for the President to change these reservations,
or use them for any other than the purposes for
