1896.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
171
34th Cong....1st Sess.
Captain S. F. Du Pont, U. S. N.—Mr. Clayton.
Senate.
Pour different commodores, commanding on that
station, bestowed upon him, for the gallant and
faithful discharge of his duties through all the
trials and hazards to which he was there sub-
jected, their warm and hearty approval; and the
Secretary of the Navy himself added one of the
most gratifying rewards which an American sailor
can receive, in the unqualified approval and high-
est commendation of the Navy Department. The
Cyane was the ship of war which, under his com-
mand, first hoisted the American flag at San Diego,
and was most of all instrumental in the conquest
of Lower California.
If the annals of your Navy Department are
truly written, this was the man who,on the 15th
day of February, 1848, performed a deed which,
for desperate courage and skillful management,
was never surpassed in the annals of war. That
eminently brave and much-lamented officer, Lieu-
tenant Heywood, had been stationed by the com-
modore commanding the Pacific squadron, with
four passed midshipmen and twenty marines, in
the mission house at San Jose, to prevent the
execution of a threat of Colonel Pineda, that he
" would come to that place and put to death all
friendly to the flag of the United States." Being
suddenly apprised that Heywood was besieged at
San Josf, with the whole Mexican force upon
him, the commander of the Cyane, with the most
successful dispatch, sailed from La Paz, and
arrived before San Josg on the 14th of February,
at sundown. He heard the report of the be-
sieging artillery, and beheldthe Mexican forces,
which included, among their infantry, Pineda's
veteranos, with the Mexican cavalry, all finely
mounted and armed with lances, carbines, and
rifles, and all swarming to the attack upon the
fortress in which Heywood, with his little band,
had taken refiige. Heywood was reduced to the
utmost extremity for want of provisions and
water, having been engaged in constant fight-
ing with the overwhelming force of Mexicans
fbr more than three weeks. Avoiding the danger
of an ambuscade by night, Du Pont landed nis
whole available force, for the rescue of Heywood,
from the Cyane, at day-break on the morning of
the 15th, that force being but one hundred and
two men and officers, all told, and rushed forward
to the rescue of Heywood, through a distance of
two miles, wading the water and climbing the
hills, while driving before him a Mexican force
of more than three times his number. Flanked
on both sides by Mexican riflemen in ambush—
still forcing his way onward amid showers of
bullets, he reached the castle of San Josg, defeated
and dispersed the Mexicans, and rescued the brave
Heywood with his band. It was this battle of
San Vtncente, which materially helped to lay the
sure foundation for the conquest of Lower Cali-
fornia.
With delight we have often read in romance of
the beleaguered knight rescued from besieging
squadrons by the gallantry of his brothers-in-
arms, but there is not an incident in history which
more thoroughly stirs the blood than the official
report which I hold in my hand, which represents
Heywood, with his distressed but unconquer-
able little company, as he looked out amid the
blaze of musketry and rifles, from the top of his
fortress at sundown on the 15th of February, 1848,
upon the gulf of California, and saw the Cyane,
with the American flag streaming from the rig-
ging, in the offing, giving proof that his coun-
trymen had at last appeared to save himself and
his little garrison from those savage enemies
who had publicly declared their fixed determina-
tion to exterminate them. The anxiety of Hey-
wood that Du Pont should not land until day, lest
he should be cut to pieces by the Mexicans in
ambush during the darkness of the night, was
relieved as day broke upon the scene of conflict,
when he found that the commander of the Cyane,
whose judgment fully apprised him of the danger
of his position, had tiien landed his little force as
soon as he could see his Way, and, though pressed
on all sides by the Mexicans, who fought des-
perately, was driving them before him. Painful,
indeed, must have been his solicitude when he
beheld the small force of his countrymen sur-
rounded by superior numbers of the enemy; but
still, as the flashes of the musketry enabled him
to look through the smoke of the conflict, his
heart leaped for joy as he beheld the American
standard still pressing onward to save him. The
greeting betwee n these two officers and their men,
when Heywood sallied out to drive the enemy
from the town and Support Du Pont, may be better
imagined than described. The dangers which sur-
rounded those engaged in the achievement of this
brilliant victory, where but a few hundred were
engaged, was as great to the individuals involved
in them as that actually incurred in many of
those greater battles where thousands were en-
gaged during the Mexican war. Indeed', had not
the Mexicans fired generally above their heads,
our sailors must have been cut to pieces.
Lieutenant Heywood in liis report to the com-
mander-in-chief thus describes the result:
" On the 14th we continued digging for water. We found
that the enemy had thrown up a second breastwork more
to the westward, giving them across (Ire upon our watering
place. There was a continued fire kept up upon the cuartel
during the day. At three o'clock and thirty minutes, p. m.,
a sail was reported in sight, which proved to be the United
States ship ' Cyane.' She anchored after sundown. We
saw her getting her boats out, and were extremely apprehen-
sive that she would attempt to land men, when, in a night
ambuscade, with such odds against them, disastrous con-
sequences might ensue. It was, of course, a joyful sight
to see friends so near; but I entertained great doubt that
they would be able to render us any essential assistance,
the enemy being so vastly superior in numbers.
" The enemy continued their fire on us duringthe night.
" On the 15th, at daylight, we became aware that the
' Cyane' was landing men. They soon commenced their
advance, which, for a few minutes, was continued with the
opposition of only a scattering fire ; then the enemy opened
upon them in earnest. They had concentrated nearly their
entire force near the hamlet of San Vicente. We saw the
flash of musketry through all the hills above the ranches.
There were the odds of more than three to one against our
friends. Steadily they came on, giving back the fire of the
enemy as they advanced.
" There was still a party of the enemy occupying the
town firing upon us. I took thirty men and sallied out
upon them, drove them from cover, killing one and wound-
ing several of them, and marched on to join the ' Cyane'
men, who, with Captain Du Font at their head, had now
drawn quite near to us. There were small detached parties
of the enemy still hovering about them and firing at them,
but the main body of the enemy had been broken, and re-
tired to San Animas, distant two miles.
" The march of the ' Cyane' men to our relief through
an enemy so vastly their superior in numbers, well mounted,
and possessing every advantage in knowledge of the ground,
was certainly an intrepid exploit, as creditably performed
as it was skillfully and boldly planned, reflecting the great-
est honor on all concerned, and resulting most fortunately
for us in our harassed situation."
The Commodore commanding the Pacific
squadron at the time, in his letter to the Secretary
of the Navy, ten days after the battle, expresses
his commendation in these terms. (1 read from
the public document transmitted to Congress from
the Navy Department shortly afterwards:)
United States Ship Independence,
Mazati,an, February 25,1848.
Sir : I have the honor to forward herewith reports from
Commander S. p. Du Pont, and Lieutenant Charles Hey-
wood, dated ltith and 23d February, and 21st and 22d same
month.
I want words to express my sense of the gallant conduct
of these officers, and of the officers and men under their
command, as detailed in their reports; but feel that I am
perfectly safe in saying that the annals of no war can fur-
nish instances of greater coolness, of more indomitable
perseverance, of more conspicuous bravery, and of sounder
judgment, than are to be found in these details. They will
be read with pride and pleasure by the Department, and by
every American, and will secure to all concerned a most
enviable place in the estimation of their countrymen.
I have the best reason to believe that these reports, so
fer from overrating the acts of those concerned, are strongly
imbued with the modesty of true courage, which adheres
to truth, but shrinks from exaggeration, and rather dimin-
ishes than magnifies its own deeds.
The satisfaction arising from this brilliant victory over
the enemy is clouded by the fall of Passed Midshipman
Teuant McLanahan, a young oflicer of great promise. He
received the fatal wound standing by the flag of his country,
and died in the hour of victory—an early but enviable death
—placing his name high on the roll of those who peril all
in the cause of their country, and giving to his afflicted
friends the mournful satisfaction arising from the reflection
that he has sealed a life of honor with a death of glory.
The presence of the Cyane, and the excellent judgment
of Commander Du Pont and Lieutenant Heywood, will, I
hope, secure the garrison at San Jos6 from further molesta-
tion until the measures which Governor Mason informs
me he is taking to send reinforcements into the territory,
can be effected.
1 have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient
servant, WM. BBANFORD SHUBRICK,
Commanding Pacific Squadron.
Hon. Jons Y. Mason,
Secretary of the Nam), Washington^ D.C.
I forbear, sir, to comment upon other incidents
in the life of Captain Du Pont referred to in the
naval documents, which reflect honor upon his
character both as a man and an officer; but I must
be permitted to revert to those matters which have
been made the subject of animadversion against
him. To find ground upon which to rest a cen-
sure, some of those who fttney their friends were
injured by his action as a member of the naval
board, have been compelled to go back and ran-
sack the annals of the Navy Department nearly
twenty years ago.
It will be seen that this gentleman's life has
been passed without a blemish upon his reputa-
tion. What a noble commentary it is upon any
man's character that his enemies cannot find one
single point for reproach, even in this instance
imaginary, without going back beyond a history
of most exemplary public service of nearly twenty
year?! On the memorable cruise of the Ohio line-
of-battle ship to the Mediterranean, under Com-
modore Hull, in 1838-'39-'4G-'41, some of the
elite of our naval officers were ordered to that
ship, and Du Pont was among the number. As a
young lieutenant on the deck of that noble ship,
it is acknowledged by all that no officer was more
efficient. No one could have more faithfully dis-
charged all his duties. But it was the misfortune
of Lieutenant Du Pont, together with nearly all
the wardroom officers of that ship, to incur the
displeasure of the commodore.
Though perfectly prepared to do so, I shall not
enter into an account of the difficulties which in-
terrupted the social relations between the com-
modore and his officers. These difficulties had
their origin in a question of apartments, and de-
rived their chief importance from a peculiar com-
bination of circumstances. He wrote strong let-
ters to the Secretary of the Navy against these
officers, charging them with disrespect to him.
Among the incidents which furnished the grounds
of complaint was a fight between fiome of his
officers and the people of Port Mahon, while the
Ohio was lying in that harbor. These officers
attended a carnival ball, during which the people
of the place, without apparent provocation, com-
menced an attack upon the American officers, who
were only,eight in number, including several
young midshipmen. Du Pont, of course, took
part in the fight in defense of himself and the other
officers, and without arms these eight gentlemen
beat in fair fight about five times their number,
and were about to restore order in the ball-room,
when suddenly, by command of the governor,
the armed soldiery of the garrison, twenty-five in
number, with loaded muskets and fixed bayonets,
led on by their officers, charged upon the Amer-
icans in the theater, where this occurred, and beat
these young officers cruelly and brutally. Du
Pont made a report of the whole affair to the cap-
tain, and asked that his statement of the outrage
committed by the governor at Port Mahon might
be transmitted to the Senators and Representative
from his native State in Congress. In this affair
Du Pont was to blame for nothing. He bravely
defended his own life and the lives of his friends,
who escaped with their lives indeed, though cov-
ered with blood and wounds and subjected to
the most shameful indignities. An attempt was
made to represent the carnival ball as a disrepu-
table place; but this imputation was completely
refuted by the fact that the ladies of the commo-
dore's own family were present in that assembly
in the early part of the'evening; Du Pont's request
for permission to send a copy of his report or this
affair to the Senators and member of Congress
from his State, drew down upon him, as it ap-
pear^ from this correspondence, a special censure
from' Commodore Hull, of which he was wholly
ignorant till the call for these papers was made.
The result of all the commodore's representa-
tions to Mr. Paulding, the Secretary of the Navy,
at that time, made before he received the state-
ments on the other side, was, that a severe repri-'
mand, sent out by the Secretary of the Navy,
was publicly read to these officers; and this was
followed by an order from the commodore send-
ing home four of the wardroom officers—Pender-
frast, DuPont,Missroon, and Godort, Here they
emanded a hearing from the Secretary, (Mr.
Paulding,) laid their proofs before him, ana the
final result of his review of the whole affair was
that he fully exculpated these officers .ordered them
back to their places in the Ohio, and sent another
dispbtch to the commodore exempting them from
all censure; and so strongly was the Secretary
