*79
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSiON AL GLOBE.
[March 11,
34th: Cong....1st Sess.
Captain S. F. Du Pont, U. S. N.—Mr. Clayton.
Senate.
convinced of the inj uatice that had been done them >
that he directed the commodore to cause this dis-
patch to be read publicly in presence of ail the
officers wh,o had heard the previous letter of cen-
gUre ,
I hold in my hand an official copy of Secre-
tary Paulding's letter of acquittal, which I ask
may be read.
It w«s read, as follows:
Navy Department, June 24,1840.
Sir : Iiientenants Pendergrast, Du Pont, Missroon, and
Godon, have reported themselves to the Department, in
obedience to your order, and at the same time requested an
examination of the facta which led to the course you have
pursued, alleging that such an examination will show that
they have suffered great injustice in being removed from
the squadron and sent home to the United States.
These allegations, together with some passages   the
dispatches, referring to the motives which influenced you
In sending them home, induced the Department carefully
to examine and collate all the communications received
from you since your departure from the United States.
This examination has produced a conviction that, although
there might have been sufficient cause on the ground ot
general expediency, and a due regard to that harmony
among all classes of officers which is so essential to the
honor and interests of the Navy, to withdraw a portion of
the officers from the squadron, and for the commander to
direct the position of others to be changed, there, are no
specific acts or definite chaigos exhibited in the documents
transmitted to the Department, and no official misconduct
alleged against the wardroom officers of the Ohio gener-
ally, that would authorize or justify the censure which the
Department passed on these gentlemen in the letter of the
16th December, 1839.
"As this letter undoubtedly led to the measure of which
Lieutenants Pendergrast, Du Pont, Missroon, and Godon
complain, and has been made public in the squadron under
your command by being read to the. officers of the Ohio, the
Department feels it equally due to the obligations of justice,
to its own honor, to the feelings of the officers of the ward-
room of that ship, and to the Navy generally, that it should
repair, as far as may be proper and becoming, the conse-
quence* which that letter may have produced. For this
purpose, therefore, it has been determined to direct Lieu-
tenants Pendergrast, Du Pont, Missroon, and Godon to re-
turn to the Mediterranean, and resume the duties and
stations from whence they were removed; and that equal
publicity be given to this letter with that of 16th December,
1839, which was the ultimate cause of their removal. .
' In thus promptly endeavoring to repair th  injuries which
may have been inflicted on the interests and feelings of
these officers by aft act which, though believjd to be just
and expedient at the time, is now, from subsequent
explanations, admitted to have been otherwise, it is confi-
dently expected that this example will have a salutary
influence, and produce the restoration of that mutual har-
njony, respect, and confidence among the officers of the
squadron m the Mediterranean which is equally essential
to the efficiency and reputation of the Navy and to the wel-
fare of their country, which looks to that right arm of its
defense for the special protection of its interests and its
honor throughout all parts of the world.
Under the particular circumstances of this case, and most
especially as this letter is intended to be read in presence
of the officers of the Ohio, the Department deems it a fit
occasion to express a further hope that the commanders of
the squadron, qnd of the vessels composing it, will continue
to enforce, by example, as well as by the exercise of their
just authority, the taws and regulations of the Navy, with
a view to tbe maintenance of that subordination, order, and
discipline, without whwtait can neither preserve its well-
won honors, nor acquire n^jrplaiiua to the gratitude of the
country.
On the other hand, by a prompt, cheerftil, and willing
obedience to orders, by a cordial and zealous support of
the measures of their superiors, and by being equally inflex-
ible ii  the performance of their duties as in the assertion
of their rights, every other grade of officers will best honor
themselves artd their profession, serve their country, and
merit her confidence in all future trials.
I am, sir, respectfully yours, J. K. PAULDING.
Tom. Isaac Hull, Commanding United States
Navalforcc in the Mediterranean.
Mr. CLAYTON. This letter, of one of the
ablest Secretaries who h^s ever been at the head
of the Navy Department, confers the highest
honor upon his own character, ap it proves him
tp have been one of the few men we find in jt^iis
world, who, after having done an a£t of injustice,
are capable of voluntarily making ample repara-
tion for it. '
Such, sir, i3 substantially the history of tbe
facts upon which an attempt has been made to
disparage such a man as Frank Du Pont. I have
reason to believe, sir, that when my honorable
friend from Texas was induced to call for the
papers which disclosed much of the history of
the events tp which I have referred, some of
those who instigated the call, or prompted others
to press it, knew the fact, that at that time the
original draft of Secretary Paulding's last dis-
patch, which exonerated Du Pont and his brother
officers from the charges which had been made
against them, was believed, somehow most un-
accountably, to have disappeared from the files
of the "Navy JJepartment. But fortunately an
official copy of that important paper in the pos-
session of one of these officers was produced, and
then a record of the same dispatch was discov-
ered, so that the Department has been able to
furnish the Senate, in reply to the call, with a
correct copy of the exculpatory letter. If the
honorable Senator from Texas was furnished
with a copy of these papers without that dispatch
by any one, of which, I pretend to know nothing,
or was informed only of the contents of the other
papers, omitting the last, then I think lie will
readily perceive that a grossly erroneous impres-
sion has been made upon his own mind by the
account of these transactions which he has seen
or heard, and that a fraudulent attempt has been
made to impose upon him, to the injury of a gen-
tleman whose whole life is calculated to win only
his respect and admiration.
No man who has a proper respect for the hon-
ored memory of the commodore will seek to re-
call these events for the purpose of casting unjust
reflections upon the living; and I purposely for-
bear all comment upon any part of the proceed-
ings except the triumphant final vindication of
Du Pont and his associates contained in the letter
of the Secretary, which justly closed the whole
controversy forever.
Indulge me in a refbrence to one other incident
which has been referred to in the Senate. A letter
from Captain Du Pont to Lieutenant Rhind, writ-
ten pending the investigations of the naval board,
was, during my absence, produced here and read.
Allegations had been made before the naval board
againstLieutenantBartlett, an officer of the Navy,
who has been dropped from the service. That
officer had been accused, among other things,
of trading in a public vessel and smuggling—a
disgraceful imputation, if true. It was Captain
Du Pont's duty, as a member of that naval board,
to ascertain the facts agreeably to the strict instruc-
tions. of the Secretary of the Navy, to make a
"careftil examination!' of each case. He at-
tempted to do it by addressing a letter to Lieu-
tenant Moore. Thatofficer replied, in substance,
that he knew nothing of the matter, expept from
rumor. Captain Du Pont refused to be satisfied
with rumor, and having been referred by Lieuten-
ant Moore to Lieutenant Rhind, (whose name I
see among those dropped from the service,) as one
who was cognizant of-the facts, he very properly
applied to him to give him the true information.
As an honorable man, he, of course, desired to
acquit the.officer of the charge, if it were not true.
Before thisletter was written to Lieutenant Rhind,
the naval board had disposed of the case of Lieu-
tenant Bartlett upon other and different grounds,
and upon information as to this matter from other
sources; yet the decision of tbe board, before the
receipt of information from Rhind, has been by-
some persons, outside of this Chamber, presented,
and held to be evidence to show the injustice of
the naval board in deciding upon theofficerin ques-
tion, without waiting for the answer of Rhind.
The simple fact that the officer was dropped on
other grounds laid before the board, and that
they also had abundant evidence which, in their
judgment, made it entirely unnecessary to pro-
cure the testimony of Rhind, puts an effectual
extinguisher upon this whole accusation against
the naval board. The report of the Naval Com-
mittee will show us how utterly immaterial the
testimony of Rhind really was.
Mr. President, the position of this brave and
meritorious officer, whose vindication I have
thus imperfectly attempted, has been most cruelly
and unjustly assailed for the decisions of that
naval board, while others, members of it, equally
liable to malicious attacks, and who exercised as
great an influence in that council, have escaped
notice. The reason for this is understood to be,
that, in the judgment of the friends of those who
have been dropped or retired from the Navy, this
gentleman was a leader among his brother naval
officers. It is but a just compliment to him to
say that he never plays a second part among any
officers, old or young, when his duty to his coun-
try requires himto lead. Superior intellect will,
always subject any man to the imputation of con-
trolling others; and it is the highest compliment
which his enemies could have bestowed upon
him in reference to this whole matter, that he is
believed by them, however untruly, to have been
the ruling spirit in that board. But all men who
are intimately acquainted with him would tell
you, sir, that he is utterly incapable of setting
aside any man from the active list of his profes-
sion except upon evidence clearly conclusive to
his own best judgment. There never lived a man
more disposed, by the kindness and generosity
of his nature, to putthe most charitable construc-
tion on the conduct of others. When this board
was organized, he earnestly desired the Secretary
of the Navy to excuse him from service upon it.
I know that service was a bitter cup to him,
which of all things he most desired should pass
from him; but the Secretary, knowing his high
qualifications and his elevated character, so well
adapted to give confidence in the board to the
public mind, was inexorable; and no alterna-
tive was left to Captain Du Pont but to serve
as he was commanded. I have said, heretofore,
that, from my knowledge of him, I believe, he
would rather have gone into action with one
of our frigates against a line-of-battle ship of
any enemy than to have served as a member of
that boaru. Some of those who were dropped
from the active list were among his former per-
sonal friends, and the objects of his deepest
sympathy. But his moral, like his physical
courage, was equal to any emergency. Forced
to discharge a most unpleasant duty, he did it
according to the very best judgment which God
had given him. The members of the board were
compelled to investigate facts; like judges, they
were compelled to express definite and conclusive
opinions. In such cases the individuals, if honest,
are exempted from personal responsibility for their
judgment. No man is allowed with impunity to
insult them for their opinions; yet the officers of
this naval board ought, in the judgment of some
of their most malicious enemies, to be shot down
or degraded for the exercise of their honest judg-
ment. They removed no one from office. The
whole responsibility of the removals rests upon
the Secretary of the Navy and the President,
whose duty it was, in obedience to both the
Constitution and the law, to have satisfied them-
selves of the justness of the decision of that naval
board. The Secretary recommended to the Presi-
dent to adopt the whole report of that naval board,
without a single exception. Nothing would be
more unworthy, for either the Secretary or the
President, than to retreat behind the naval board,
and suffer fifteen of the very best officers in the
Navy to be victimized for the purpose of shunning
that just responsibility which belongs to the Exec-
utive alone. I cannot believe that the President or
Secretary will shun it. The noblest act the Chief
Magistrate could now perform would be to inform
Congress, while it is wasting its time on this sub-
ject, that he would not permit his constitutional
power to be usurped by others; that he acknowl-
edged no right of appeal existing in this Senate or
in the other House, or in both combined, to sit in
judgment upon his acts of removal, over which
they have no control; that if it could be shown to
him that injustice had been done in any one of
these naval removals, he would redress the wrong
when satisfied it had been committed; but that
he would yield nothing to popular clamor, got up
by interested parties, or their friends or relatives,
in high or low places; and that he would suffer
no man to degrade him by assuming that he had
exercised no judgment in these matters, or to
throw the responsibility due from him alone upon
those unoffending officers in' the naval service
who had been compelled to obey his orders in
the expression of their honest opinions.
That, sir, would be worthy of Jackson in hia
best days. Were Jackson now President, that is
the very course he would adopt.
Sir, I will venture to say, if the precedent is to
be set in this case of trying these naval judges
on charges made by the accused, after they have
decided against them, no honorable man in the
Navy or Army will ever again consent to serve
on such aboard of inquiry: he would prefer to
resign his commission. It would seem as if
there were an effort making to compel some of
those members of the naval board to fight every
one of the two hundred and one officers who may
chose to insult them, or to submit to be abused
and denounced in the'most scandalous manner.
There is no view in which any one of the naval
