1782
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 26,
Nathaniel H. Heath, and had come to no conclu-
sion thereon. y
Mr. GIDDINGS. I move now that all further
debate on the bill just reported close in two min-
utes after the committee shall have resumed its
consideration.
Mr. LETCHER. There will still be the right
to debate amendments for five minutes ?
Mr. GIDDINGS. Of course.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. GIDDINGS. I move that the House re-
resolve itself into a Committee of the "Whole
House on the Private Calendar.
The motion was agreed to.
The House accordingly again resolved itself
into a Committee of the Whole House, (Mr.
Greenwood in the chair,) and resumed the con-
sideration of the bill for the relief of the heirs and
legal representatives of Daniel Renner and Na-
thaniel H. Heath.
Mr. TAYLOR. As 1 understand the bill be-
fore us, the facts involved in it show that all the
money that has beenpaidby the Governmenthas
been appropriated by the representatives of Ren-
ner. Now I propose to move an amendment to
the amendment.
Mr. COBB. I must raise a question of order
upon the amendment of the gentleman from New
"York, [Mr. Haven,] that it is not germane to the
bill.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair is of opinion
that the amendment of the gentleman from New
York provides for general legislation; and under
the rule which the Chair understands has been
adopted with respect to amend merits to private
bills, the Chair thinks it is not in order.
Mr. HAVEN. I especially guarded it. against
the objection suggested by the Chair. If it had
boon for the entire northern frontier, it would have
been general legislation; but 1 have restricted it
to a particular locality, so as to make it special
legislation. The Chair will see that it relates to
the same subject—that it relates to the same class
of indemnity, to be paid upon the same descrip-
tion of proof as that provided for in the bill. I
think the amendment is clearly in order.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair will be gov-
erned in his decision by the rule which he under-
stands has been established upon the subject.
He thinks the amendment is more general in its
nature than is usual. The Chair will suggest
that it is not even in order to amend a private hill
by the addition of the case of a single other claim-
ant.
Mr. HAVEN. Well, sir, I shall not persist
'in pressing my amendment further; 1 meiely
wanted the House to know that, if they adopt
this principle, 1 shall be alter them with other
claims based upon the same principle.
Mr. TAYLOR. I now oiler my amendment
to the last section of the bill. 1 move to amend
as follows:
Strike out all after the words, " pi ovided further," in tile
fourteenth line, an follows:
That no pait of the amount paid !>hull be received by tlie
representatives of Itennor, unless it shall appear that they
are entitled so to do upon a fair and equitable settlement
of the whole matter between them and the representatives
of Heath.
Mr. COBB, of Alabama. I will merely say,
in opposition to this amendment, that if it is !
adopted it destroys the agreement entered into
between the representatives of Renner and those
of Heath, and that in all probability the repre-
sentatives of Heath, who was a worthy man,
will not get a cent. I hope the committee will
not adopt the amendment.
The amendment was not agreed to.
Mr. McMULLIN. I wish to suggest an
amendment, which I hope the gentleman from
Alabama [Mr. Cobb] will accept. It is to add
at the end of the bill the following:
Provided further, Thai the Secretary of the Treasury be,
and is hereby, authorized to reopen the settlements of
1819 and 1803, and to make a full, complete, and final set-
tlement of &aid claim. j
I understood the gentleman from Alabama to >
be willing to accept an amendment of this nature. 1
V ,Pe> ^ei;efor£,that he will accept it, and that,
if the bill is to pass, we shall go back to the
former settlements which have been made, and
thus make a fall, final, and complete settlement
of the whole claim.
Mr. COBB. I myself should have no objection
wiiatever to accepting the amendment of the gen-
tleman; but I have no control over the bill. A gen-
tleman from Massachusetts has especial charge
of it. I would suggest, however,wto the gentleman
from Virginia, that his amendment would be en-
tirely superfluous. The effect of the hill, just as it
stands, is precisely what the gentleman's amend-
ment would provide for.
Mr. McMULLIN. Will the gentleman ac-
cept it?
Mr. COBB. Of course I cannot accept it. 1
have no power to accept it.
Mr. McMULLIN. 1 certainly understood the
gentleman from Alabama to say that he was will-
ing to accept the amendment. The gentleman
says that it is not his'bill. I have only to say
that he seems to take more interest in it than any
other member.
Mr. KNOWLTON. I hope the gentleman
will offer his amendment, and that it will be
adopted.
Mr. McMULLIN. I do offer it.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. "VYASHBURNE, of Illinois. I now move
that the bill be laid aside to be reported to the"
House, with a recommendation that it do pass.
Mr. McCARTY. I demand tellers upon that
motion.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Washburne
and Craige were appointed.
3Phe question was taken; and the tellers re-
ported only eleven in the affirmative.
So the motion was disagreed to.
The bill was then laid aside to be reported to
the House, with a recommendation that it do not
pass.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. If there be no
objection, I move that the committee rise for the
purpose of making, in the House, this an " ob-
ject jon day" m the Committee of the Whole
House on the Private Calendar, to commence
where, we left off yesterday.
Mr. DULLER, of Maine. I object, unless the
gentleman will modify his proposition so that
we shall commence with the first bill on the Cal-
endar.
Mr. JONES. I will do no such thing. I will
let objection days bo as the rule fixes them, and
not a^r< e to go over bills again which have been
already objected to.
PEYTON G. KING.
The next bill in order on the Calendar was a
bill (IL R, No. 206) for the relief of Peyton G.
King, late receiver of public money at Monroe,
Louisiana. The bill authorizes and directs the
Secretary of the Treasury, in adjusting the ac-
counts of Peyton G. King, as late receiver of
public money at the United Slates land office
at Monroe, Louisiana, and to give him credit for
$7,853 92, the amount of the public money of
which he was robbed on the 22d of January,
1855, while acting in the aforesaid capacity.
From the report, which was read, it appears
that the propriety of giving this authority and
direction to the Secretary of the Treasury de-
pends, first, upon the fact, that Mr. King was
robbed of the amount of public money spoken of;
and, second, upon the existence of an obligation
on the part of the Government to release him
from any personal right it might have under the
law, as it now stands, to claim from him the pay-
ment of the amount of which he had been de-
prived by a robbery. As to the fact of robbery,
the money is known to have been m the sale
until its disappearance was discovered, on Mr.
King going into his office, and opening the safe,
in the presence of W. K. Johnson; and all the
proof goes to establish the fact of the commis-
sion of the theft or robbery by some other per-
son or persons, in the most conclusive manner.
Indeed, it is altogether unusual, when a crime
of such a character has been committed, to have
such a mass of proof to show the actual commis-
sion of the crime, and the impossibility of there
having been any complicity m the commission
of the crime on the part of the one who had the
money in his charge. As to the existence of an
obligation on the part of the Government to re-
lease Mr. King from any claim against him for
the repayment of the money of which he is
shown to have been robbed, it is shown that, very
soon after the organization of the Government
under the Constitution of the United States, Al-
exander Hamilton, in a report made by him on
the 9th of December, 1791, upon a case referred
to him, observed, that it was " a principle which
had been admitted in practice at the Treasury,
upon the strength of legal opinions officially-
given, that when a receiver of public moneys,
as a mere agent, is robbed of such money, which
may have been in his keeping, the loss is to be
borne by the Government;" and from various
cases cited, that such has been the practice of
the Government.
Mr. TAYLOR. The gentleman in whose favor
this bill is proposed is a constituent of my col-
league, [Mr. Sandidge,] who is now absent in
consequence of ill health. With the permission
of the committee, however, I will call their atten-
tion to one fact. I hold in my hand a statement
furnished to my colleague from the Treasury
Department, showing that, in the course of about
fifteen months, Mr. King, the receiverat Monroe,
received for the United States, and paid over,
the sum of $155,000; that a few days—about a
month before the commission of this robbery,
he paid over, on December 30, £29,000; and that
he paid in the city of New Orleans, on January
26, a few days after the robbery, the sum of
$14,000. This sum of $14,000 was made up in
part of the $10,000 which he had invested in the
bill of exchange on New Orleans. I mention this
fact for the purpose of showing the amount of
money which passed through his hands, and the
frequency with which he made his deposits in
the discharge of his official duty; and for the
purpose of showing that, within the month when
this robbery of $7,000 was committed, he actu-
ally received, and paid over, in addition to this
#7,000 odd, the sum of $40,000 odd. With these
remarks I beg leave to move that the bill be laid
aside to be reported to the House, with a recom-
mendation that it do pass.
The motion was agreed to.
THE SOLAR COMPASS.
The next bill in order on the Calendar was a
bill (H. R. No. 104) to enable the United States
to make use of the solar compass in the public
surveys.
The bill authorizes and directs the Secretary
of the Treasury to pay to William A. Burt, out of
any money in the Treasury not otherwise appro-
priated, the sum of $20,000, to compensate him
for the use by the United States, in the prosecu-
tion of the public surveys, of the solar compass
invented by and patented to him.
Mr. WALBRIDGE called for the reading of
the report.
The report was read.
Mr. WALBRIDGE. The report that has
ust been read is so full and conclusive with regard
to the utility and importance of this instrument,
that very little, I apprehend, is necessary to be
said upon the subject. I wish, however, with the
consent of the committee, to make one or two
statements in reference to it, upon the authority
of the Commissioners of the General Land Office,
the two predecessors of the present Commissioner.
It will be recollected that one of the statements
made in this report is, that a saving had been
made by means of this instrument up to the time
the report was made, in 1852, to the Treasury, of
between six hundred and seven hundred thousand
dollars. It shows that the surveys made by
these instruments are not only vastly more reli-
] able and more correct than those made with the
. ordinary magnetic compass, but that there has
I been an actual saving to the Government of near
three quarters of a million of dollars.
It seems that about the time that this report was
made, in 1852 I think, the Commissioner of the
General Land Office recommended the payment
to Mr. Burt of one mill per acre of the land that
should be surveyed with this compass, and which
could not be surveyed correctly in any other way.
Taking that recommendation as a basis of calcula-
tion, we find, by the Commissioner's statement,
that Mr. Burt should have been paid in 1852 for
surveys previously made, the sum of $9,952, and
for surveys made between 1852 and 1854, the
sum of a fraction over $6,000. Since 1854 we
have no report on the subject, but think it fair to
presume the quantity of land surveyed was not
less than in the preceding two years, say from
1852 to 1854, that being $6,000, making for this
estimate for ail the lands surveyed by the use of
Burt's compass to the present time at one mill
