182
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 9*,
to the gallant, glorious old Tennessee. I saw no
Whig banner there. In that canvass for Gover-
nor there was no Whig candidate no man carry-
ing- the Whig colors. Casting my eyes lrom.1 en-
nessee, I looked over to the State-from which the
gentleman himself hails—to the gallant, noble,
fevered old Kentucky. What did I see there?
The old banner under which I had rallied from
the days of my childhood, and which had ever
been borne aloft; by her gallant son—where was
it? It was trailing ingloriously over the grane of
the immortal Henry Clay. And when you bring
down that banner upon the grave of Clay, coula
I believe that the Whig party still existed ? Sir,
I did not believe it. If you could take down that
banner, -and fold it quietly over the grave of that
immortal patriot and statesman—the first states-
man of his times, the most eloquent man of any
time, and the greatest party leader of all the
world—and he could rest well under it, could I,
in the State of Missouri, believe that the Whig
party was dead? Sir, do you believe it is dead?
Mr. COX. Does the gentleman desire an
answer ?
Mr. CARUTH.ERS. Certainly.
Mr. COX. The gentleman says that when ho
took the stump hi his district, he took it as a
Whig, though there was a majority of four thou-
sand Democrats against him—that he advocated
Whig principles, and led his opponents over into
liis ranks.
Mr. CARTJTIIERS. I did not say I led them
into t.ho Whig ranks.
Mr. COX. But they voted for the gentleman,
proclaiming himself a Whig, and rallied under
his banner as a Whig, and went with him into
the Whig party, at any rate.
Mr. CARUTHERS. I protest, in all kind-
ness, against any language being put into my
mouth. 1 said, that when I first became an as-
pirant for congressional honors, there wore four
thousand majority against me. I said I never
struck the Whig flag in my district.
Mr. COX. I understood the gentleman as I
said.
Mr.CARTJTIIERS. lftliegentlemanpretends
to say what 1 said, let him say what 1 did say.
Mr. COX. I said the majority had changed
their position from the Democratic raul«i>and had
followed a Whi^' leader.
Mr. CARUTHERS. That is what you say.
[Laughter.]
Mr. COX. lie says the Whig party is dead,
and has gone back to the Democratic ranks. (
understand he considers that the Whig party
" marched up the hill, and then marched down
again."
Mr. CARUTHERS. Mr. Clerk, if there be
anything in this interruption, except so far us
relates to my constituents, I should not, perhaps,
devote any time to it. A few words, however,
are due to my constituents, at well as to myself;
for I do not wish to set myself up as an extraor-
dinary champion, or grand leader, or anything
of the kind. I think "the House will bear me
witness that,, during the two years I have been
a member of it, I have never spoken perhaps lour
times; never even called tor the yens and nays,
[laughter:] never made a motion to ndjouiu.
[Continued laughter.] They will bear me wit-
ness, I think, tiiat 1 never showed any loud dis-
position to ''get myself on the record;" f.u' F
thought that gentlemen would get more honor and
more credit by keeping off the record, nine out
of ten times, than they get by keeping on it.
[Laughter.] 1 therefore claim no credit for any
extraordinary modesty m that matter, it was on
principle I acted.
Cut the point which I wish to reach is this.
The gentleman from Kentucky [Mr. Cox] seemed
to think that I must imagine myself an immortal
leader, from the fact of my having started out, as
I said I did start, against a majority of from three
thousand five hundred to four thousand, and
of my having overcome that majority without
striking the banner of the Whig party. Well, the
first time I came here, I beat them, or else I would
not'have been here, [Laughter.] And I will tell
you how I beat them, Mr. Clerk. There were
three Democrats running. [Roars of laughter.] I
am not very vain about that. But I have come
here twice. Well, the fact of my coming here
the second time was due—I believe in my heart—
to this simple reason, that in the last Congress I
had so rJfected the will of my constituents, and
had so borne myself on all those great measures
in which they were interested, that they con-
cluded in their hearts—and I say, from that spirit
of frankness with which I am dealing in all this
subject, that I believe they were right [roars of
laughter]—they concluded in their hearts, I say,
that the're was no man in that district who could
better reflect their will and who would represent
them more faithfully than I. And so they ran
only one man against me that time, and I beat
him by two thousand five hundred votes; and the
wonder has been to me ever since that I did not
beat him by five thousand votes. Has the gen-
tleman [Mr. Cox] any more questions to put to
me ? [Laughter.]
Mr. Clerk, I have been drawn into the most
of this matter. I only rose to tell you—and to
speak seriously upon that—why I have not voted
for the distinguished gentleman from Pennsyl-
vania, [Mr. Fuller.] But I was hurried up by
tCs ten-minute rule; and as I had so very seldom
appeared biffore the House, and did not know
anything about the disposition of the gentlemen
toward me, I did not suppose they would allow
me to go on as I saw they were disposed to crush
down modest men; and so I hurried on. But
here is what I want to say seriously in this con-
nection, that, if I said one word, m explaining
the reason why I did not and could not vote
for Mr. Puller, which could be at all disagree-
able to the nicest sensibilities of that gentleman,
1 wish now, without being called upon, to recall
that word. I honor him for the position which
he has taken when he says here in his place that
he would vote for the admission of States into
this Union without regard to the fact of whether
it was a slave State or a free. I honor him for that
declaration. 1 tell him that, thus far, he is my
political brother. When lie preaches a sermon
to those anti-Nebraska men, about whom we hear
so much, and tells them that it is unpatriotic to
continue this agitation, I give him the right hand
of fellowship, and tell him that there, too, lie is
my brother, liut when ho tells me that, if he
could—that is, if the Senate and President were
not against him—he would restore that Alissouii
restuction, I tell him that there wc are at war—
at a war to be without end. I vote for no roan
who is not content to leave all these questions of
slavery on the great doctrine of non-intervention.
I vote, for no man, Mr. Clerk, who will not give
to the people of the Territory—to the people to
be afi'ected by it—to the people who go from your
States, where they have rights, into your Territo-
ries, where they "lose none of those rights—the
rights of self-government. I vote for no man
who will not recognii-.c in the government of the
Territories the. great doctrine on which your
whole Government rests—the doctrine that tho
people are capable of self-government, and that
the people are the best governors of themselves.
Holding these doctrines I could not vote for Mr.
l-'ui.u'.n.
1 will answer another branch of the question
at another time, when I can do so without tres-
passing on the patience of the House. I will then
explain why 1 ha\e voted for Mr. Richardson.
A nd 1 now pi onnse the gentleman who aeked me
t.l:at eLuestioii, that when I snake that explanation
: I will make it saiisf'tetory even to him. I know
that Jt will be fullv satisfactory to those to whom
I owe allegiance. 1 have no t'eyrs of that. I tako
no course which I cannot d.'fond, or for which,
in my own judgment and m my own heart, 1
hate not a goou defense. Sol have no fears.
And when 1 am taunted—as I have been taunted—
that m y course here will ruin me at home, I have
only this to say—and i say it without boasting—
I say it because it is tree—that, so help me God,
v, hue T am a member of this House T will speak
no word, I will give no vote, m order to secure a
reekction here—never ! Pleasant as the gentle-
men are who arc around me, there is nothing in
all tho fascination of political life here which
; would make m<; sa.cnft.ee one portion of my duty
I to the people who have honored lae by sending
me here, much less is there anything 111 all tins
life which would make mo sacrifice one portion
of my self-respect. I prize highly—I prize as
highly, perhaps, as any man does, or as any man
should do, the approbation of my constituents;
but I have this to say to them, that I am here as
their agent, not as their slave; that 1 am litre to
vote according to my conscientious conviction^
of right, and that I will so give my votes; that
whenever they are not satisfied with these votes,
they have an easy remedy. Let them just send
some man here who will vote according to their
notions of voting, and I can retire to ray homfe-j
I can retire to my profession; X can retire to my
family; 1 can retire without a murmur. But, sir J
while I am their Representative, 1 will be their N
Representative in fact and in deed. I shall vote
what I choose to vote. I shall vote what I degra
to be right and fit. I know my people better
than others know them; and I know they will
indorse my vote—indorse it, because, here, I
know even better than they know themselves
what is for their interest;—indorse it, because
they well know that I would not deal falsely with
them. I forbear now to give the reasons why
I have voted, and shall continue to vote, for
Mr. Richardson, but I promise to give them in
due time. [Cries ofS£ Call the roll!"]
Mr. SAGE. I move to lay the motion of the
gentleman from Missouri [Mr. Kennett] on the
table.
Mr. KENNETT. I will withdraw the motion.
The House then proceeded to vote the one hun-
dred and fourth time for Speaker, with the fol-
lowing result: Whole number of votes cast, 199}
necessary to a choice, 100; of which—
Nathaniel P. Banks received    .92
William A. Richardson   67
Henry M. Fuller 29
* Alexander O. M. Pennington   6
John Williams •" 1
James L. Orr J
Henry Bennett 1
Gilchnst Po.lci 1
Samuel C.iruthers X
So there was no choice.
The following is the vote in detail:
For Mr. 13anls—Mc^rs. Albright, Allison, Barbour, Hen-
ry Bennett, Ronton, Bingham, Bishop, Bradshaw, Buffitlg-
ton, Burhngaine, James H. Campbell, Lewis D. Campbell,
(Jhailoe, Clavvson, Colfax, Coimns, Cragln, Ouinbaek, Dam-
icll, Timothy Davis, Day, Dean, Do Wilt, Dickson, Dodd,
Durfec, Emtio, Flakier, Gallovvav, (biddings,Gilbert, Gran-
der, (how, Robert B. Hall, Harlan, Holioway, Thomas R.
Ilo.fun, Valentine B. lioiton, Howard, UughHton, Kclsey,
Kermettv Kins, Knnjht, Knnwtion. XjOiter, Matteson. Me-
Oartv, Meaelmin, Kilhan Miller, Morgan, Momll, Mott,
Muriay, Nichols. Noiron, Andrew Oliver. Pearee, Pel ton,
Pettit, Pike, Plinth1, Purviance. Ritchie, Bobbins, Roberts,
tfabiu, Sasre, yapp, Sheiman, Simmons, Spinner, Stanton,
Srrannlian, Tappan, Thoimston,Thurston, Todd, Tratton,
Tyrfou, Wade, Wakomnn, Walbudjrc, Waldron, Cadwal-
ader Wa-hburne, FJhhu B. Washbume, Israel Wash-
burn, WaU?on, Welch, Wood, WoodiufF, and Woodworth.
Fgi Mr. Richardson—?>Ieswr-j. Aiken, Barclay, Burksdale,
Bell,Bocoek, Bowie, Boyoe, Ihaneh, Biook-,, BurnettaCad-
walader, Cainiheis,Caakic, CJingman, llowoll Cobb, Wil-
liamson R. W. Cobb, Davidson, Denver, Dowdcli, Edmund-
sou, Elliott, English, Faulknei, Florence, Thomas J. D.
Puller, Goode, Greenwood, Augustus" Hall, Sampson W.
Itairis, Thomas L. Harris, Heibert, Hickman, Houston,
.lowett, George W. Jones, Kent. Kelly, "Letcher, JLumpkiu,
Pamuel S. Marshall, Maxwell, MeMullin, Meducen, Smith
Miller, MilKon, Mordeeai Oliver, Oir, Packer, Peek, Phelps,
Powell, Uuitman, Ruffin, Rust, tfaudidpe, Savage, Samuel
A. tfnmli, Btt*phcns, fc?tew.vrt, Talbou, Taylor, Vail, War-
ner, Watkms, Wmslow, Daniel B. Wright, and John V.
Wnsht.
For Mr. Fuller—Me^rs. John P. Campbell, Carhle,
Pn\:ud Claik, Cox. Cuiien, Henry Winter Davm, Ethe-
Mn-'ti-, J Muirw.i IT.iriis. Iloffmon, Kennett, Lake,
Lnuliev, Humphrey M.ualmll, Millward, Pame, Porter, Pur-
yriir, Readr, Rc.ulv, Riraud, River*, William R. Smith,
Sneod. Swipe, Tnppe, fTndorvvood, Valk, and ZollicoiFer.
For Mr. Pr,inin<ztoti—Messrs. Dunn, Edwards, Harrison,
Ilavf'ii, Moore, and i?cott.
For Mr. IVilhativi—Mi. Wheeler.
For Mr. 0)t-—Mr. Williams.
For Mr. Bennett—Mr. Brenton.
For M). Portm—Mr. floury AI. Fuller.
For Mr. Cartiffiars—Mr. Richardson.
Pending the call of the roll,
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Kentucky, (when his
name was called,) said: I desire to explain^ the
position winch I, as a member of the American
party, occupy in connection with the organization
of this House. That party have been charged
with holding sentiments antagonistic to any or-
ganization whatever. Now, sir, let me say that
I desire to,See an organization effected. I am
prepared to vote for any national man for that
purnose. I will vote for the gentleman from Illi-
nois, [Mr. Richaedson,] for whom I have been
voting since the meeting of the House. I am
ready to vote for the distinguished gentleman
from South Carolina, [Mr. Ore;] I am ready to
vote for his colleague, [Mr. Boyce.] I amready
to see the House organize upon national grounds
by the election of a conservative man, but not
upon sectional grounds! That is the position
