1856.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
909
this subject,*tbat this ground was laid off by the
Father of his Country, by General "Washington,
for public uses. It is now said, however, by
Senators that this building can be located in such
a manner as not to injure this public ground. I
doubt it. How the original appropriation passed
the Senate, 1 know not, for I have no recollec-
tion of it. It certainly did not attract very much
attention, or I should have noticed it; for I think
I notice the proceedings here as much as other
Senators on this floor.
Sir, as long as I have a seat in this body, and
I can see the wisdom of the policy of General
Washington, I will not, by my vote, sanction a
violation of it, no matter whether the cost be
$20,000, or $30,000, or $100,000,'or whether it be
to convenience all the militia that may parade in
this city from now to doomsday. This ground
was consecrated by Washington for public uses.
I think I can see the wisdom of his policy; but
whether I could or not, I am willing to take his
judgment on trust.
What great use or benefit is to result to the
Country by providing this convenience for the
militia of the District of Columbia? You see a
flourishing volunteer company this year, and the
next year you can find none of them. This is
the history of such things here and everywhere
in our country. The appropriation for this object
was, I think, an entirely useless expenditure in
the first instance, and my humble judgment is,
that whenever we find that we have committed an
error, we should retrace our steps as soon as pos-
sible, let the cost be what it may; and we should
frown down the universal argument which wo
hear, that we have made an appropriation and
commenced an expenditure, and must go on
with it.
I shall vote for the reconsideration, with a view
of moving to recommit the resolution to the Com-
mittee on the District of Columbia,.with directions
to report a bill to repeal the law and put an end
to this appropriation, which all seem to agree was
entirely unnecessary. If we have, as the Senator
from Connecticut says, incurred the responsibility
of paying $28,000, let us pay it and direct the
proper officers to sell the materials on hand for
what they will bring, and we shall have that much
to deduct from our payments. If you erect this
building, in the course of time it will be taken
away, and you will have to expend as much money
as for putting it there.
But, sir, I repeat that the remarks which I
originally made were founded, not so much on
this particular case as on the general practice of
expenditures in this District, and elsewhere, on
the part of the Federal Government. We know
that when applications are made to Congress for
an expenditure of the public money, with a view
to any improvement, it is seldom that the first
appropriation consummates the purpose. On the
contrary, §20,000, or $30,000, or §50,000, are
asked for at the first session; and it is represented
by the friends of the measure as all that will be
necessary. At the next session the sum first ap-
propriated has been, perhaps, laid out in a found-
ation; and then we are told, as we are told on
this occasion—and I am astonished that my friend
from Connecticut should use such an argument—
that we have authorized the expenditure of the
money, and, therefore, we must go on with the
•work. I say again, that the moment you dis-
cover that an appropriation is to exceed the
original purpose of Congress, you had better dis-
continue the work and sell out whatever interest
you may have. By this course we shall let ap-
plicants know that they must make correct esti-
mates when they ask for appropriations; and
that whenever they fail to do so, and come here
for additional appropriations, the work must be
discontinued.
As to this particular building, no location on
the public grounds in this city can be satisfactory
to my mind. I have as much objection to the
one as to the other. In fact, I think it should
not be erected at all. It is a useless expenditure;
.and no Senator who has spoken on the subject
pretends to say that the interests of the country,
.or of the District of Columbia, really require such
an expenditure.
Mr. BUTLER,. Will the Senator who is at
the head of the committee answer some questions
which I will propound to him!
Mr. BROWN. Certainly.
Mr. BUTLER. Has the Senator the original
contract for the erection of the building?
Mr. BROWN. It is printed 1 have not ex-
amined it.
Mr. BUTLER. I ask what materials have
been furnished, and what progress has been made
towards the erection of the building ?
Mr. BROWN. I cannot say what materials
are prepared. When the committee commenced
moving in the matter, so far as we know, nothing
had been done. The ground was wholly unoc-
cupied, and nothing was being done there. Sub-
sequently, by an advertisement which I saw in
the papers signed by persons calling themselves
contractors—and I suppose they are so—they
stated that most of the material was now ready,
and all that remained to be done was to put up
the house. That is their statement.
Mr. BUTLER. What are the materials, granite
or brick ?
Mr. BROWN. There is brick, and also wood
work.
Mr. YULEE. I can, perhaps, give the Sen-
ator from South Carolina more exact informa-
tion. The advertisement to which the Senator j
from Mississippi referred is addressed to the
editor of one of the city papers, and is in these
words:
" We see m your paper of this date, tliat M<?ssrs. Brown,
Adams, and Pratt, ot' the Senate, have stated in tin1
Senate, that the contiaet for completing the Columbian
armory, m this city, would amount to more, than the appio-
pmation for that purpose. This is a great mistake, Mr.
Editor. Wo aie the contractors for that building, and our
contract lor eomplenng it amounts to $28,301 10, leaving a
balance of $1,698 90.
We have fuithei to stale, concerning this contract, that
we made this conti act five months aso—on the 1st of Nov-
ember, and have proceeded diligently with tin; woik
ever since ; we have finished a iii'-at pait of the light wood
work, contiaetod loi all the heavy timber, cut f-tone, cast-
iron work, bucks, blue lock loi loundauon. &.<■., all to he
delivered on the site leguiarly selected by the Piesnlent foi
this building."
They did not proceed with the foundation be-
cause the contract required that the ground should
not be opened before the 1st of April, intending
to defer until a time when it should be free from
frost. I will read the close of the advertisement:
" We have piocecded under it m good faith, and at ffleat
expense, and with a view to the site selected by the Presi-
dent. We tlleietoie piesuinc that no membei of Congress,
when he fully understands the facts in the case, will be in
favor of passing an ex post farto law, depnving us of our
rights without our consent, nor without ample compensa-
tion; for, if our work be delayed, the Government must pay
the damages.
E. BIRD, WISE & CO., Contractors.
Washington, Jlpnl 4,18.36.
Mr. REID. In regard to the point on wliich
the Senator from South Carolina asks for inform-
ation, I desire to read a communication which I
find in the document submitted to us this morn-
ing. It is a letter from Colonel Craig, dated the
12th of this month, in which he says:
" Since my note of the 5th instant, in winch I stated that
I understood the contractors had deposited paitof the build-
ins matcnals on the sue which had been selected on the
Mall, I have visited the site, but did not see any building
mateuals there. I have ju«t >cnt a pi*r*on to examine
whcthei any Mich materials aio there now, who has return-
ed, and rcpous that theieis some tand oa thegu>und,a
few cait loads, and that a frame building, apparently a tool
house, was in process of construction."
Mr. BUTLER. Mr. President, I see no dif-
ficulty whatever in passing a resolution giving
notice to the contractors that we will dissolve the
contract. We stand towards them m no different
relation than that of private persons forming a
contract one with another. Wo can certainly put
an end to this contract, and we can give notice
now, inofiicially to some extent, that the subject
is under discussion, and that a proposition to
repeal the original law is likely to bo passed. I
see no difficulty in the way, pro\ided we assume
the position of a private person who terminates a
contract, and compensates the parties who may
suffer by the breach of it.
Mr. BROWN". Such a notice lias been given
by order of the committee; but in defiance of it
they are going on to put up the building-.
Mr. BUTLER. If they go on in defiance of
it, they must take the consequences. It is very
easy to see the relation in which these parties
stand to Congress. I take it for granted that they
can sell the blue stone, or rock, or brick which
they have prepared, and nearly all the other ma-
terials which they liave ready; at any rate, I am
willing to abide by the common mode ill which
matters of this kind are disposed of. I should
be willing to give them notice .that we shall put
all the materials up at auction, and I venture to
say, that if sold at Philadelphia, where I learn
they are prepared, they would bring nearly'as
much as they would if sold here. I doubt very
much whether, in the end, we should have to pay
these contractors much, except for loss nf time. If
they have hewed stone, they can dispose of it, I
presume, for any other building-. The brick can
always be disposed of. As to the wood-work,
if there is anything; peculiar in it, Ictus pay for it.
Mr. President, since I have looked to the deeds
brought to my notice by the chairman of the
Committee on the District of Columbia, I am in-
clined to doubt very much whether we have a
right, if wc consult the obligations of good' faith,
to violate the original deeds of the proprietors
conveying these lots, subject to the trusts therein
specified on the final determination of the Pres-
ident at the time, General Washington. I think
these deeds are absolutely trust deeds, and we
have no right to violate the intention of the par-
ties who made them, and to change the purpose
for which they were designated by General
Washington. This is my belief as a lawyer,
from the hasty view which I have taken of the
subject. If we have no such right, I think we had
bettor preserve our good faith by retaining this
reservation as it is, rather than go on with this
building, and involve ourselves m further diffi-
culties.
I know that this building is to cost money.
Sir, there is no city in the tJnited States which
understands the meaning of the word "appro-
priation" better than Washington. Money i3
poured out upon them freely. If this were an
original ease between A and B, I venture to say,
if the question were brought before a court of jus-
tice, the measure of damages would not be very
great. I do not think wc can be subjected to
heavy damages, if we give notice for terminating
the contract. I cannot consent to carry this build-
ing to Judiciary square for the reasons assigned
by the Senator from Connecticut.
Mr. BROWN. Will my friend allow me to
say a woid in that connection ?
Mr. BUTLER. I yield the floor.
Mr. BROWN. The committee propo.se to put
the building on Judiciary square, because it was
first designated as the most proper place, every-
thing considered, by Colonel Craig, under the
law." He reported that it was the most central,
that there was ground enough there to construct
the building upon, and the only reason assigned
by him for not putting it there was, that the
ground was not large enough to permit the taste-
ful extension of the building hereafter. The very-
reason why he did not put itthere wag the strong-
est reason, to the minds of the committee, why it
should be placed there.
Now allow me to say to my friend from South
Carolina that, since the subject has been under
discussion, no citizen of Washington has stated
to me that that was not a proper place. I have
consulted those who ought to know, and they
have told me there was no objection on earth to
placing the building on Judiciary square. There
has been no petition, no remonstrance against it.
No citizen has approached me to say that it ought
not to be placed there. The only objections to it
are the complaints which we hear in the Senate.
They do not come from the people who are most
interested, and know most about it.
Mr. B UTLER. For the very reason that they
are so much interested I will not vote to carry it
there. I have heard the matter canvassed freely,
and my opinion is that, if you carry the building
to Judiciary square, you must go to considerable
expense by filling up a ravine, and it will to some
extent improve adjacent lots.
Mr. BROWN. I beg my friend's pardon.
The rpport of Colonel Craig says distinctly that
on Judiciary square there is a site dry and suit-
able for the building. You may hunt about and
find a place not suited for it, but you need not
take that when you find one made by nature for
the purpose.
Mr. STUART. I wish to submitafewremarks
to the Senate on this subject, mainly for the pur-
pose of endeavoring to see whether we cannot
agree to a compromise on this question, and dis-
pose of it. I confess that X am very strongly
impressed with the views submitted against
