1856.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1783
per acre, the sum of $21,952, which, in the opin-
ion of the Commissioner of the General Land
Office, would be a small compensation to Mr.
Burt for the use of his compass.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. I wish to ask the gen-
tleman from Michigan a question. Does this
compass belong to Mr. Burt now, or has it been
sold to the Government for the benefit of the
patentee ?
Mr. WALBRIDGE. I will answer the gentle-
man; but, in order to do so, it will be necessary
to go a little further back in this history, which
I do with great pleasure. Mr. Burt invented
this instrument about 1835 or 1836. He being a
surveyor himself, and knowing the utter inutility
of the magnetic compass for surveying these
mineral lands, after much study and reflection,
and the expenditure of much time, invented this
instrument, which he had patented, I believe, in
183G. When the question was raised between
him and the Commissioner of the General Land
Office, as to what course he should adopt towards
the Government—whether he should forbid the
Government the use of his instrument, or charge
a certain amount for its use, or allow the Gov-
ernment to use it and depend upon its future
action for compensation for the invention, it
was deemed by him and by the Department bet-
te • for him to allow the Government surveyors
to purchase and use his instrument at the manu-
facturer's prices. He adopted that course, and
has received nothing from the Government sur-
veyors for the use of his patent. He disposed,
I believe, of eight of his instruments to other
surveyors, for which he received an advance of
ten dollars each above the manufacturer's price;
and the entire amount which he has received in
all for the use of his patent is precisely eighty
dollars up to this time.
Mr. PULLER, of Maine. I ask the gentle-
man from Michigan whether the Government
does not hire surveyors, and whether they do not
use their own instruments?
Mr. WALBRIDGE. Yes, sir.
Mr. PULLER. Then, what is the profit to
the Government, whether the surveyors use one
instrument or another?
Mr. WALBRIDGE. I will answer the gen-
tleman by reading from the report itself, the lan-
guage of the Commissioner of the Land Office, in
reply to a call for information by a committee of
the Senate,in 1852:
"1 bog leave to state, that in the mineral regions of Lake
Superior and elsewhere, where the local attraction is such
as to rentier the ordinary compass atfse£e?s /./mi:;.. aid ; otar
compass lias proved of inappreciable utility. In tile min-
eral regions of Michigan, Wisconsin, and Arkansas, it is
estimated that 31,104 miles (9,yo3,'~!SO acres) of public
laud surveys were accomplished by it, at a maximum cost
of 1-6.0-iK which, without its discovery and use in said
service, could not have been surveyed without resorting to
the tedious process involved in the use of transit and other
instruments, causing delay in the execution of the work,
and pioportionably swelling the cost of the public surveys
of the same body of land to an estimated amount of at least
§633,08(1, and possibly a great dcat more, that is to say: to
twenty dollats per mile instead of six, and possibly double
the former amount." * * « "The transcendent merits of
this instrument, however, in the public land surveys, con-
sist m the facility with which it determines the true me-
ridian, from winch, by the mechanical construction and
graduation of the compass, any and all angles or couises
may be determined. Thus the surveyor, by a simple oper-
ation, is enabled to arrive at accurate lesults; and what-
ever may be the local causes surrounding lntn, winch but
serve to distract the operator with the ordinary compass,
lie is by this instrument enabled promptly to proceed with
ills labors without any misgivings, delays, or interruptions."
Mr. PULLER. I ask the gentleman to allow
me to say a word m addition. I had noticed
the portion of the report from which he has read,
and I wish to ask if Government contractors are
not making inventions every day by which the
details of their work are very much cheapened,
and the perfection of the work increased; and if,
upon the same principle, the inventors of every
instrument employed in the service of Govern-
ment contractors of any description whatever,
could not come and claim compensation from the
Government ? We might as well pay for the in-
vention of Fairbank's scales, or any other instru-
ment.
Mr. WALBRIDGE. I will answer the gen-
tleman from Maine. Instead of paying twenty
dollars per mile for surveying, as the Commis-
sioner of the General Land Office certifies would
have to be paid, if the surveying was done with
a transit instrument, the work was done with
this instrument for six dollars per mile. Ie there
a man here who docs not see at a glance that the
Govcrnmcntsaves thereby the sum of fourteen dol-
lars a mile. And at the same time the instrument
was invented the question with the inventor was
whether he would or not allow the instrument
to be used by the Government surveyors until he
had been paid for his invention? He decided that
the true and proper way would be to allow the
United States surveyors to use his instrument,
trusting to the generosity and liberality of Con-
gress for compensation.
Mr. McMULLIN. The gentleman says that
this instrument has entered into general use in the
country. Very well, then; he ought to depend
for compensation, as other inventors do, on the
sale of their inventions. I would ask the gentle-
man whether the surveyors do not purchase their
own instruments? They contract for the Gov-
ernment surveying, and I take it for granted that
they pay out of their own pocket for their own
instruments. The sale of his instruments, then,
should afford him ample compensation.
Mr. WALBR.IDGE. I have answered that
question two or three times, but I will answer it
again. The inventor of this compass has no in-
terest in the manufacture of them. They are man-
ufactured by a mathematical instrument maker in
Philadelphia. From first to last the inventor has
received only eighty dollars for his invention from
anybody.
A Member. What does it sell for?
Mr. WALBRIDGE. My recollection is, that j
the manufacturer sells them at eighty dollars a
piece. For eight instruments sold the inventor lias j
received ten dollars apiece—eighty dollars in all. '
That is all he has received from anybody.
Mr. McMULLIN. Has he sold his patent
rifht to the manufacturer in Philadelphia?
Mr. VVALBRIDGE. He has not sold his pat-
ent right to anybody.
Mr. McMULLIN. Then he gave it away?
Mr. WALBRIDGE. No, sir, he has notgivcn
it away. He permitted this instrument maker
to manufacture his instruments, but conditioned
that he (Burt) should receive ten dollars for each
instrument sold to other than Government em-
ployes. They are only used in Government sur-
veys, and therefore are only purchased by such,
except to a limited extent.
The patentee has never received more than
eighty dollars benefit from his invention; and this
sum was not paid for its use by the Government
surveyors. By agreement with the Commis-
sioner of the General Land Office, the inventor
was not to charge the Government surveyors
higher than the cost of manufacture, and he did
no° do so; but eighty dollars which he received
were on instruments sold to county surveyors and
other persons not in the employ of the United
States Government.
Mr. LEITER. Was not that agreement made
by the inventor for the purpose of having the in-
vention generally introduced in the country?
Mr. WALBRIDGE. The Government has
availed itself of his nnention without compensa-
tion to him.
Mr. LEITER. I ask the gentleman to answer
my question.
Mr. WALBRIDGE. I only know that it was
done in pursuance of the arrangement with the
Commissioner to recommend Congress to pay him
one mill per acre, which he has done.
Mr. FULLER, of Maine. How can the Gov-
ernment use it when it gets its surveying done by
contract?
Mr. WALBRIDGE. It is true that the Gov-
ernment hires men to do its surveying by the
mile, but cannot the gentleman imagine that the
Government saves something when, wiih the old
instrument, it pays twenty dollars the mile, and
with this only six dollars ?
Mr. FULLER. I understand that the Govern-
ment gets the surveys made cheaper, but I do
not understand that the Government uses the
instrument.
Mr. WALBRIDGE. The gentleman can readily
see that the Government saves money by the use
of this instrument; and for that use the claimant
asks to have compensation paid to him.
Mr. PHELPS. If I understand this bill it pro-
poses to buy the patent right of a solar compass
Mr. WALBRIDGE. In what pert of the bill
or report does the gentleman find a proposition
to purchase the patent right r
Mr. PHELPS. Then this is a gratuity that
the Government is to make to the inventor of ,
this solar compass, without obtaining any cor-
responding advantage. And by what rule does
the gentleman frnm Michigan justify an appro-
priation of $20,000 to this man as a gratuity ?
He says that it is not proposed to purchase the
patent right. Under the law, those who use the
instrument without paying the inventor for its
use, in one way or other, infringe the patent
right, and are liable to suit therefor. Yet the
gentleman from Michigan is willing to grant this
claimant $20,000, and still leave liim with this
remedy against those who infringe his patent
right. Is this the sort of justice we ought to
mete out to our citizens?
Why should we prefer this patent right to all
others ? Last summer I met with an intelligent
surveyor who hid invented a compass by which
to run lines in a mineral country, in which the
magnetic needle was affected, and he had in his
possession letters from the Commissioner of the
General Land Office recommending the instru-
ment as the very best for the purpose for which
it was designed. We propose now to make this
large gratuity to a man for an invention made
years ago, when, if we make an examination of
the matter, we can know that since then there
has been invented afar better instrument, and an
instrument which, in all probability, the Govern-
ment surveyors will use running lines through a
mineral country.
The gentleman says that the Government has
had the use of this solar compass. I deny it.
The Government pays for surveying from three
to twenty dollars a mile, the price being depend-
ent upon the character of the line to be run. If
the line is to be run through a mineral country,
or there is any other difficulty attending the run-
ning of a line, the Government pays a higher
price. The surveyor is to furnish his own in-
struments, his own assistants, and to subsist them
in the field, and while the drawings and calcula-
tions are being made out for the Government.
A contract is made with these men as a man
makes a contract for labor on his farm. They
are to be paid so much for so much work; and
when they have completed what they were to do,
they are paid according to the amount of tlie work
done. You may go to the Land Office, and ,you
will find there many contracts upon which the sur-
veyor general has refused to pay the deputy sur-
veyors for the surveys they have made. Why ?
Because the deputy surveyor had not made a cor-
rect survey. The surveyor general must examine
and approve the work before the compensation can
be paid; and if he finds that the lines are not ac-
curately run according to the instructions issued
by the General Land Office to the surveyor-gen-
eral, he rejects the contract, and lets it out to
another person.
Therefore I say that, as the Government of the
United States is not bound to furnish deputy sur-
veyors with any instruments whatever—if any
deputy surveyor of the United States has made
use of this invention; he has committed a viola-
tion of the patent laws; he is liable to be prose-
, cuted by the patentee; and even if you give this
j gratuity to Burt he may turn round to-morrow
i and institute a suit against any person who has
| made use of the instrument without his consent,
i 1 say, then, if the deputy surveyors have made
! use of this instrument, the Commissioner of the
I General Land Office, or the surveyor general, has
j no right to say that they shall use it. I under-
i stand the gentleman to make the point, tl>at the
j Commissioner of the General Land Office had
i instructed the deputy surveyors to use it. The
j Commissioner has no right to give any such in-
! struction. The surveyor goes to the field with
such instrument as he sees fit to select, and the
regulation requires that his work shall be approved
by the surveyor general, and not that lie shall
use any particular compass, though I know that
in many instances the deputy surveyor has been
required to bring his instrument to the surveyor
general, to be tested by some compass which
they have in the office.
1 have seen many claims like this brought before
Congress, to compensate persons for inventions
which they have made. I recollect well that,
four or five years ago, some gentlemen around
the lobby endeavored to have the United States
Government compensate an inventor of the name
