m,
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 9,
borders, as it was prior to the legislation of 1854.
And when it is restored, sir, let a monument, like
that of the fabled god " Terminus," bo erected
to peace, between the two great sections of the
Union, " never to be thrown down!" _ Let there
be no revival or increase of sectional jealousies!
Let there reign an eternal peace between the
members of our great American family of States!
This is what the gentleman from Pennsylvania,
[my friend Mr. Fuller,] in substance, most elo-
quently and feelingly says. I care not what his
antecedents may have been. He may have been
opposed to the repeal of the Missouri compro-
mise ; but that is a thing now numbered among
the'things that were. What statesmen have to
do with, and what it behooves them to attend to,
is the present and the future. I believe him to be
an honorable and a reliable man—a man who
will stand firmly to his avowed principles. When
he tells me that if a bill were introduced for the
restoration of the Missouri compromise, he would
vote against it because he is opposed to reviving
or continuing the slavery agitation, then 1 can
say to him, that for all practical purposes, he and
X, as well as he and my worthy colleagues, are
together on that subject. I am opposed to any
agitation for a restoration of the Missouri com-
promise; and we are practically, therefore, upon
the same ground, so far as that is concerned.
The gentleman may have regretted, as I regretted,
the movement that resulted in the repeal of that
rneasure, which had the sanction of the illus-
trious Clay and of the great men of the South
in 1820, and that restored peace to a distracted
country, and saved the Union, (as was then be-
lieved by the great mm of the South,) which
was imperiled by the slavery agitation of that
period.
But, Mr. Clerk, the great practical question at
last in regard to the Kansas-Nebraska bill is this:
in a very short time, probably before another
Congress shall be elected and convened, Kansas
will have the requisite population to entitle her
to admission into this Union. The gentleman
from Pennsylvania declares that he would admit
her into the Union without regard to the ques-
tion whether she has slavery in her constitution
or not. Upon that great practical issue—the only
practical one, 1 submit to this House, involved
in this Kansas-Nebraska question—my colleague
[Mr. Caruthers] himself admits that the gen-
tleman from Pennsylvania occupies sound and
proper ground, and In; " thanks him" for declar-
ing himself in favor of that great republican prin-
ciple which is dear to me, ;ts it ought to be dear
to every friend of the Union. Then, for all prac-
tical purposes, although a northern man, like the
distinguished gentleman from (Ui.iois, [Mr- Rich-
ardson,] he stands upon the broad b'isis of the
Constitution, guarantying to nil the Territories
of this Union the right to come, into the Union
when they have tiie requisite population, upon
the simple condition that they have republican
constitutions, and apply for admission with such
constitutions, without- "regard to whether they
have one kind of domestic institutions or an-
other, that being a question to be settled by the
people of the Territory and by them alone. As
the. gentleman from Pennsylvania stands upon
that great principle, and is as sound upon that
question as any other member upon this floor, I
should consider that J was acting ungratefully to
him, and unjustly to my own section, if i. were to
withhold my support from him because, in some
of his opinions and views m regard to the ab-
stract question of slavery, he differed from my-
self or fiom a majority of the people of my sec-
tion. I should consider that I was dealing most
unjustly by him and by that"scction. He is
entitled to credit and gratitude instead of being
censured for daring, in the face of any fanatical
prejudice that may exist, if any, in his own dis-
trict, in relation to slavery, to come up boldly and
manfully and take his stand in favor of the con-
stitutional rights of the South involved in this
question. And, sir, after the gentleman from
Pennsylvania made this frank and manly declara-
tion of lus principles—that declaration which, for
all practical purposes, placed him on ground as
higii, as reliable and tenable as is occupied by
any southern Representative upon this floor—the
organ of the Administration, to which I stand
opposed upon this floor, the Washington Union,
indorsed the gentleman's doctrines, and pro-
nounced him, in substance, sound upon the ques-
tion of the Kansas-Nebraska bill.
Sir, as was very properly said by one of my
colleagues, who first addressed the House, [Mr.
Kennett,] I have no unfriendly feeling towards
the distinguished gentleman who is the nominee
of the Democrats. He is my neighbor, and a
nearer neighbor to mo than he is to my colleague.
I know him well. I had the honor of serving with
him in the Thirty-Second Congress. I esteem him
as a gentleman and a statesman of large and liberal
views. He is a western man in his sentiments
and principles', and, if I am correctly informed in
regard to his former course, is in favor of that great
Whig measure—the improvement of rivers and
harbors by the General Government. He stands
upon the same ground as Mr. Fuller upon that
question. If I felt at liberty to choose a Speaker
out of the Democratic party, I should prefer him
to any other Democrat upon this floor; but in many
views of public policy I differ with that gentle-
man. He is a supporter of this Administration,
an A'as put forward as such, as I understand.
I w* elected to this House as a national Whig,
and as an opponentof the present Administration
of the Federal Government. Then, sir, howcan
I, consistently with my duty to my constituents
who sent me here as the Representative of a dis-
trict which is strongly Whig—having a Whig
majority of from seven hundred to one thousand,
and myself elected by some twelve hundred and
eighty majority against a distinguished Adminis-
tration Democrat—how could 1, in justice to my-
self and to my constituents, an das'a true and just
man, come here and cast my vote, from first to
last, for the candidate of the Administration party
upon this floor?
Under certain circumstances, I might be in-
duced to vote, for the gentleman from Illinois. I
might vote for him in opposition to a man who is
opposed to the admission of Kansas into the
Union with a constitution recognizing slavery if
she chooses to form such a constitution; I might
do it in opposition to a man in favor of contm-
1 uing the agitation of the slavery question for the
purpose of restoring the Missouri compromise.
I might vote for him in opposition to a man hold-
ing those views and sentiments. I might have
voted, and would cheerfully have voted for the
gentleman from Illinois in such an alternative, if
1 had been reduced to that alternative, but I.have
not yet been reduced to it. When my colleague,
J or any other gentleman, can demonstrate to me
[ that I can defeat Mr. Banks, or any nominee of
j the Republican caucus entertaining similar views,
' 1 will as cheerfully as any mail upon this floor
j vote for Mr. Richardson for the purpose of de-
feating a man entertaining those views and senti-
ments, because 1 believe them to be in violation
of the Constitution of my country, of the peace
of the States, and of all the interest we ought, to
hold most dear. But that alternative is not before
us. All the votes which the friends of Mr. Ful-
ler now voting for him, as all of us know, could
cast for Mr. Richardson would not elect linn,
and, therefore, in voting for him now, or at any
time since, we met,, I should simply be placing
myself in the attitude of coming here as a Whig,
and an opponent of the Administration—elected
as such in August, 1854—and casting my vote
without attaining any practical end for a Demo-
crat and a supporter of the Administration. I do
not choose to involve myself ill such an inconsist-
ency as that. And I know my generous and
enlightened constituents do not, expect, and would
not ask me to do it. That is my justification,
and I consider it a full and complete justification
in regard to my course upon this matter.
Gentlemen have said that the Whig party, as a
party, is dead. It may be so ill some localities,
but I assure gentlemen that the Whig party of the
State which I have the honor, in part, to repre-
sent, has not hauled down its time-honored and
glorious flag—that flag which, in times past, has
been borne aloft by a host of illustrious statesmen
who from time to time have shed luster on our
annals. I say that flag is not pulled down, but is
yet floating in the breeze, and so long as I find it
floating, with the great national, patriotic, con-
servative principles of the Whigs of 1840, '44,
'48, and '52 inscribed upon it, though some of its
stars may be " erased,"and some of its " stripes"
be "polluted, "I shall still be found rallying under
its "ample folds."
But, Mr. Clerk, whatever change may take
place in its organization, however many may
prove recreant to the organization or principles
of that party, the great principles and measures
of that party still remain and "still live," and I
trust will live forever; for, sir, they are sacred
to the cause of constitutional freedom, and the
purity and success of our representative system
of Government. In casting my suffrage for aspir-
ants for political station, who have control of
political power here or elsewhere, I shall cast it
for those who most strongly and most sincerely
believe in, and faithfully practice, the doctrines"
and principles of the Whig party. In pursuance
of that determination, I have cast my votes for
the distinguished gentleman from Pennsylvania
as an advocate of those principles and doc-
trines—as one who is still true to them in their
whole length and breadth. I shall cast my vote
for him, because I know him to be an able, an
honorable man, and one competent for the posi-
tion to which I desire to see him elected.
I have said, Mr. Clerk, all I intended to say in
explanation of the course which I have taken. I
vote for Mr. Fuller, because his position on the
slavery question is sound, national, and conserva-
tive; because he is a Whig in his principles, and
views of public policy; and I vote against Mr.
Richardson because he is a Democrat, a warm
supporter of the present Administration, and be-
cause some of his views and principles of public
policy, as well as his party affinities, differ from
my own.
The call of the roll was then completed, and
the result announced as above recorded.
-Mr. McMULLIN, (at nine o'clock p. m.)
I move that the House do now adjourn, and upon
that T demand the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
Mr. McMULLIN. I demand tellers upon the
yeas and nays.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Knight and
Maxwell were appointed.
The House was then divided; and the tellers
reported, ayes 25, noes 121. So the yeas and
nays were not ordered.
Mr. ETHERIDGE. I move that when the
House adjourns, it adjourn until Saturday at
twelve o'clook, m. Upon that I demand the yeas
and nays, and call for tellers upon the yeas and
nays.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Etheridge
and Thorington were appointed.
The House was divided, and the tellers re-
ported—ayes SO, noes 110.
So the yeas and nays were not ordered.
The question then recurred on Mr. Ether-
idge's motion to adjourn over; and it was not
agreed to.
[Loud cries of " Call the roll!"]
Mr. McMULLIN. Mr. Clerk, it must be very
obvious to gentlemen here 
Mr. ENGLISH, (interrupting.) I rise to a
question of order. What question is the gentle-
man from Virginia speaking to?
Mr. McMULLIN. I move to rescind that un-
constitutional and unnecessary resolution,limit-
ing debate to ten minutes: and on that question 1
ask to be heard. Mr. Clerk, I need not say to this
House that I am ill favor of an organization, if it
can be effected to-night, or at any other period,
on fair and equitable and just terms.
But, sir, the House has indulged some, gentle-
men here to-night, in speaking not only ten min-
utes, but twenty, thirty, and some almost an
hour; while it has refused to other gentlemen
that privilege. I submit, therefore, whether gen-
tlemen should not, in justice to themselves, re-
peal that unnecessary and useless ten-minute rule.
If we arc to have electioneering speeches, such
as we have had here to-night, having reference
to the approaching presidential election, I sub-
mit to gentlemen whether it is not better to repeal
that rule, and let us go to work in good faith,
and-make speeches with a view to the next pres-
idential election. I ask the attention of gentle-
men of the House to the fact that, while the gen-
tleman from Kentucky, [Mr. Talbott]—a gen-
tleman here for the first time—proposed to address
the House for the first time this session, he wjs
voted down under this ten-minute rule, and the
House refused to let him go on. And yet, there-
after, gentlemen were permitted to speak for
twenty, thirty, and some forty minutes. I sub-
