910
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 15,
placing this building on any of the public reser-
vations; but yet, without going into details, I
can see strong reasons for putting it there. One
reason may be that the appropriation has been
made, and a contract entered into and partially
executed.
I propose to reconsider the resolution; and if
that be done, to offer an amendment to strike out
from the resolution the words, " on Judiciary
square," so that the resolution shall not contem-
plate the erection of the building on any of the
public grounds, and to add words making a small
appropriation of $5,000 to buy a piece of ground
for it. There is plenty of ground here. There
is land east of the Capitol and south of the Capitol,
which can be bought cheaply, and the Govern-
ment can be saved any additional expense except
simply the amount necessary to purchase ground
on wfiich to put the building. The object of
those who desire the erection can be carried out;
any unnecessary expense can be saved; and that
desire—in which I participate' to as large a degree
as any one—to preserve the public grounds free
from incumbrance, will also be carried out.
I may add that I have submitted this proposi-
tion to several Senators, among them tne hon-
orable chairman of the committee, and I have
met no gentleman who objects to it. If we can,
by common consent, take the question, and recon-
sider the vote, the Senator from Mississippi [Mr.
Adams] can submit his proposition, and I can
submit mine, and we shall be enabled to dispose
•of the subjcct.
Mr. WELLER. Mr. President, there is more
or less instability in our legislation at every ses-
sion of Congress; but I think this is one of the
most remarkable cases of it that has come under
my observation At the last session of Con-
gress this whole subjcct was submitted to the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs. That committee made
a report which was piesented by the then Senator
from Georgia, General Dawson. In that report he
-expressed the opinion of the committee. He in-
troduced a bill into the Senate. The Senate had
a reasonable amount of confidence in the judg-
ment of the committee, and passed the bill, and
at became a law. We thought, at that time, that
it was impossible for us to select a proper site on
which to establish an armory, and therefore we
authorized the Secretary of War to select such
a site, in a central position, as was suitable for
this armory, on the public giounds.
All the objections which are urged to-day to
the location of the armory on the public grounds
ought to have been made at that time. We au-
thorized the selection of the site on the public
grounds. That selection has been made. An ap-
propriation was made at the last session, and
contracts have been entered into. At the present
session of Congress—the one succeeding the en-
actment of that law—we proposed virtually to
repeal it, and that proposition to repeal comes
from the Committee on the District of Columbia.
Mr. BROWN. My friend will indulge me for
a moment. I will state why the Committee on the
District of Columbia investigated the subject. I
gave the reason before—and if Senators would
listen it would save many of these explanations.
I stated that this question was discussed at the
last session in the Committee on the District of
Columbia, of which General Dawson was a mem-
ber, and I understood that, when he introduced
the proposition to the Senate, he presented it from
that committee, and I never knew until to-day
that any other committee had cognizance of it.
Mr. WELLER. General Da wson was also
a member of the Committee on Military Affairs,
and the record "will show that the report came
from that committee. If there was any objec-
tion at the last session of Congress on the part of
the District Committee to the passage of that law,
I am not aware of their having manifested it. If
my fiiend fiom IMississippi and other gentlemen
on that committee were so violently opposed to
authorizing the Secretary of War to sclect public
ground for a site, why did not he or they inter-
pose objection then?
Mr. CRO WN. I have already stated that 1
did oppose it then. I opposed it in committee.
Mr. WELLER. The Senate have decided
the question. The Senator objected to it at the
last session of Congress, but the Senate paid no
respect to his objection, and passed the bill.
TN*ow? he comes in at the present session of Con-
gress and brings in a bill to repeal that law which
had been reported by the Military Committee.
I think it is no more than justice to the Military
Committee that the Senate should listen to the
reading of the report which accompanied the
bill of last year—the report on which the Senate
voted that it should become a law. I shall send
it to the Secretary's desk, and ask that it be
read; hut before it is read I have another remark
to make. I do not know that I have any objec-
tion to the Committee on the District of Columbia
taking jurisdiction cf business of this sort, which
the judgment of the Senate has usually referred
to the Committee on Military Affairs; but I do
object to the authority of the Committee on the
Districtof Columbia to serve notice on contractors.
I deny any such power.
Mr. BROWN. We have served no such
notice.
Mr. WELLER. I understood the Senator to
say, in answer to some remarks of the Senator
from South Carolina, that the Committee on the
District of Columbia had already given notice to
the contractors that they must not go on with the
prosecution of the worJc.
Mr. BROWN. I did not say so.
Mr. WELLER. What was the statement?
Mr. BROWN. I stated that the Committee
on the Districtof Celumbia had passed a resolu-
tion requestingthat'the work might be suspended,
inasmuch as the subject was under discussion—
a thing very common, I suppose—not giving an
order, but making a proper request.
Mr. WELLER. It may be very common, but
it has never come under my observation before,
that a single committee of the Senate, without
the authority of the Senate, has attempted to in-
terpose between the Government and contractors.
Mr. BROWN. On the very same day the
Senate passed the joint resolution, and that was
an order of the Senate.
Mr. WELLER. But the Senate immediately
reconsidered its action, and, of course, it stood
where it was at the beginning;. On the very day
of the passage of the joint resolution, a motion
to reconsider was entered.
Mr. BROWN. Any one Senator can move a
reconsideration; but it took the whole Senate to
pass the joint resolution.
Mr WELLER. The motion to reconsider
was made at the proper time. Now, sir, we have
authorized the Secretary of War to mnke a con-
tract, and he has made it; but it seems that the
Committee on the District of Columbia of the ,
Senate have taken upon themselves to request the ;
contractors to suspend this work—in other words 1
to interfere between the Government and the
contractors.
If the work be suspended by the exercise of
power, either here or on the part of the committee,
these contractors will be entitled to demand dam-
ages; but what! wish to impress upon the Senate
is this: At the last session we saw proper to pass
this law. If it were now an original question, with
the light before me, 1 should feel very much in-
disposed to locate any of these works on the
public reservations and particularly on the Mall.
But the Mall has already been cut up by streets
and by the canal. Its original beauty has been
entirely destroyed. A portion of it is now
occupied by wood-yards and coal-yards. There
are temporary buildings erected on a portion of
it. There is nothing about it to attract the atten-
tion of the public, except the unsightly objects
which have been placed there.
In my judgment, the proper position on which
to have located this aimory would have been
somewhere on Capitol Hill, and I think we should
have purchased property for that purpose; but
if any of the public reservations are to be used
for this purpose, I hold that the Secretary of
War has made the proper selection. I never can
consent to locate it at the point where the Sen-
ator from Mississippi desires it to be placed.
That, certainly, is the last plaec where I would
think of placing an armory—m the vicinity of
your courts of justice. Why, sir, the theory of
our Government is to keep the civil and military
as separate and distinct from each other as possi-
ble, and I should carry that so far as to keep the
buildings devoted to courts of justice away from
those devoted to military purposes. I ask that
the report presented at the last session may be
now read.
The Secretary read it, as follows;
" The Committee on Military Affans, to whom the sub-
jcethas been referred, repoit:
" That a joint resolution of the Boards of Aldermen and
Common Council of the city of Washington has dnected
tlie committee appointed to* lepiesentthe interests of the
corporation before Congress to apply to this body to provide
an armory or suitable buiidms for the volunteers and militia
of this District; that a memorial of the majoi general com-
manding the miiitidof the District, of thebugadiei general,
and of the field and company officers of the volunteeia
of the Distuct, represents tlmt the arms belonging to the
Government, and issued to the tioops in the District, are
distributed about in private armories unsuitable for the
purpose, at an onerous expense, and liable at all tunes
to destruction by fire, and piay that a suitable building m a
central position on the public ground, may be constructed
by the Government; that the subject has been referred to
the Secietary of War tor the views of that Department, as
to the utility and expediency of the meagre, and by that
Department icfened to the Ordnancc Bureau, the report
from which show* that the regulations require the troops,
at their own expense, to provide store-houses for the safe-
keeping and preservation of the arms and aeeouterments
issued to them, and that 'it is difficult, if not impossible,
for the companies to obtain the use ot as good and safe
stoie-houses as ought to be provided for the safe-keeping and
preservation of The aimsand equipments, without erecting
a building expressly for tbo puipose.' The officer then in
charge of the Ordnance Bureau, after stating other reasons,
lemai ks that ' as both the arms and the troops of the Dis-
trict are under the immediate control and command of the
Geneiai Government, it would seem proper that it should
piovidc all proper facilities for keeping them m an efficient
state;' and he submitted an estimate showing that the cost
of a suitable building, including every charge, would be
$30,000. That the Secretary of Wai states that the views
of this officer of the Ordnance Bureau, 'as to the utility
and expediency of the measure, meet his concurrence;'
and that, should it be adopted, 'it will not only have am-
ple btoiage for all the aims, auilleiy and infantry, that will
be issued to the volunteers of this D^trict, but also affoid
lortui for the anangmg and exhibition of all our national
tiophio5?, compusmg cannon, small arms, fiags, &c., winch
aie now distnbuted among the arsenals for the want ot a
piopcr place of depos.it for them in this city, where, in my
opinion, they should be kept.' "
" Alter due consideiation of the subject, the committee
are of opinion that a well-regulated volunteer and miliua
force should be piovided for at the seat ot the Gcneial Gov-
ernment, and that this can only be done by Congress ; that
this is a growing city, and rapidlyincieasingni population ;
that the peace and quiet ot all large cities are liable, at
times, to serious intemiplions by violence of illegal combi-
nations ; and that, in the absence of regular tioops heie,
such volunteer foice of the citizens becomes indispensably
necessary to sustain the civil aim or regular police m pie-
seiving the good otdcr and peace of society. The impoit-
ance of thitTmcasuie is apparent when it is considered that
the tieasuie, the archives, and a veiy laige amount of pub-
lic piopcrty aie concentrated here ; that the personnel ot the
executive and supiemc judicial, as well as of the legisla-
tive depaitments of the Government, are resident here,
some dining the whole ume, and otheis during a considera-
ble pomon of the year; that the deliberation* of Congress
aie heie m the Capitol, and might, without the presence of
such a wcll-iegulated force of citizen soldiers, be liable to
in ten upturn from niuguiamies of noi?>y and boi.-^teiou.- peo-
ple uncontrollable by the regular civil police ; that, m tact,
this volunteer oiganization may be conmdeied an indispens-
able part oi the ncce&sary police of the seat of Government,
and it-* being under (he immediate control and command
of the constituted authorities of the Government, renders it
incumbent upon the Government to piovide the proper fa
eilmes and requisites for pieservmg the arms and aeeouter-
ments, easily and quickly accessible, at the same time that
they are always under the immediate contiol of the Gov-
ernment, to be used under such i emulations as may be made
by the President of the United States.
"Congress having the power of exclusive legislation in
all cases whatsoever over this District, without any con-
cunent or conflicting juu- diction of State governments, it
bccomc-< the duty of Congtess ^o to legislate as to render
the militia here not only well regulated, appointed, and
efficient, but a model for imitation and emulation in every
city in the United States.
"The committee, therefore eoncuiring in the opinions
and views of the Secretary of War upon this subject, report
' a bill to provide for the erection ot a suitable building for
the care and presentation of .the arms and accoutermontrf
of the volunteer and militia of the District of Columbia,
and for otliei purposes,' and recommend its early passage."
Mr. WELLER. The Senator from Mississippi
is unwilling' to have the Mall used for this pur-
pose by constructing an armory there, because
he desires to preserve it as a breathing-place for
the people of the District. But how does he pro-
pose to treat citizens of other parts of the city
of Washington? He proposes to place this
armory in Judiciary square, 111 a locality ciowded
with buildings. That square is surrounded on
all sides with stately edifices; and the only place
where the people can get a particle of fresh air in
that part of the city is Judiciary square. That
is the point to which he now proposes to remove
the armory, assigning, as a reason, that it ought
not to be on the Mall, for that would disturb the
people in the enjoyment of fresh air. _
As I said before, if this were an original ques-
tion—if it were now presented for the first time,
I should probably be unwilling to erect any pub-
lic edifice on the Government reservations in this
