1856.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
city. I think that it is a great mistake that ve
have not carried out the original design in making
these reservations. If that care and attention had
been paid to them which ought to have been be-
stowed upon them, they would have constituted
the chief beauty of this city; but as it is, you
have already run streets through the Mall, you
have suffered housesto be erected, youhave sold
lots which originally constituted part of the two
hundred acres reserved. I cannot see how this
evil will be extended further by erecting an arm-
ory at that place. If it be used, as it undoubtedly
will be, for the purpose of drilling and exercising
troops, I cannot see that that would constitute
any objection to it.
But, sir, there are insuperable objections to the
location of the armory m the vicinity of your
courts of justice. As I said before, I desire that
the courts shall sit there undisturbed by your
military. I desire that the music of the drum and
fife shall never be allowed to disturb the courts of
justice.
I have no personal feeling in regard to this
"question; but it seems to me that it should have
been submitted to the Committee on Military Af-
fairs. They reported the original bill at the last
session. Upon their recommendation that bill
J>ecame a law. If it be now proper to repeal that
law, the question ought to have been submitted to
the same committee. If it had been referred to
the Committee on Military Affairs we should have
examined the question, as the Committee on the
District of Columbia have undoubtedly examined
it; and if we had been satisfied that this was an
improper selection, we should have retraced the
steps that were taken. It seems to me singular,
after having invested tlie President at the last
session with power to make the selection, and
after the selection has been made and a contract
has been entered into, that you should now pro-
pose to take that discretion from the President,
and remove the building to Judiciary square. I
am sure the Senate will never consent to its loca-
tion there. I am disposed, by way of compro-
mise, as I am a compromising man, to go with
my friend from Mississippi to locate it m some
other place than on the Mall, but I can never con-
sent to this location on Judiciary square.
Mr. BROWN. I have a word to say in refer-
ence to the point of jurisdiction. My friend from
California seems to be very certain that this ques-
tion ought to have been submitted to the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs. Why? The original
proposition to build an armory might probably
have gone there; hntthat is not the question which
we are now discussing. We are now discussing a
iquestion which relates exclusively to tlie public
grounds in the city of Washington; and I wish to
know what jurisdiction the Military Committee
have over the affairs of this District. It seems to
me, that the character of the question has altogether
changed since the last session of Congress. Then,
when it was asimple question, whether you would
build an armory or not, the Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs was the proper one to settle that
matter; but-when you come to settle the question
where you will put the building, I think any other
committee has as much jurisdiction over it as the
Committee on Military Affairs.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I do not intend to inflict
a speech on the Senate; I merely wish to say,
that I concur fully with the Senator from Missis-
sippi in relation to removing this building from
the Mall. I do not think it ought to be there at
"all; but I am equally opposed to putting it on
Judiciary square; and for that purpose I shall
vote for the reconsideration, and then ask that
the resolution be divided, so that we can take a
vote on each branch separately.
Mr. DOUGLAS. It would be better to adopt
the amendment of the Senator from Michigan.
Mr. BROWN. As it seems to be the sense of
the Senate to reconsider the vote, I withdraw all
objection to the reconsideration so as to waive
one embarrassment.
Mr. CASS. I have listened to the debate, and
it seems to me that it has excited a great deal
more interest than the subject is worth. I do not
understand why so much feeling should be excited
about it. The question which is raised with
respect to the power of disposition of the public
reservations, 1 do not understand; I do not pre-
tend to gjve an opinion about it. I do not know
whether in the original act of reservation it was
within the competence of the Government to
appropriate them to any purpose which they
pleased or not. I do not know whether there
were specific purposes designated, beyond which
Congress could not go.
Mr. DOUGLAS. On that point I will state
that on the map some of the reservations were
marked as public squares or parks, and others
merely as " reserved," to be used as Congress
should appropriate. Congress have gone on and
sold property, evidently intended for parks, and
this building is being put on ground intended as
squares.
Mr. CASS. I observe that they are all marked
on the map as " reservations;" but I take it for
granted Congress must have some power, or it
never would have gone on for fifty years passing
a series of acts disposing of the public grounds
here without some authority. I take it for granted
that the question must have arisen and been de-
cided long before now. I therefore put that point
out of view. Now, sir, I do not wish to have the
public grounds intrenched upon; nor do I think
there is much danger of that. I think there is an
abundance of reservations here. I have looked
at the map this morning, for I knew something
about the subject before; and I perceive that this
building is proposed to be put on a small corner
of the Mall. It seems to me to be a proper loca-
tion. After hearing all that has been said on the
subject, it seems to me to be a Very proper place
for it. I will add, that I think the Mall or any
other public ground is a very proper place for the
militia of the District to exercise upon. I do not
think it will be injured by the exercises of the
militia. I repeat there is an abundance of ground
here, and I think there will be enough to the
tenth and to the hundredth generation for any
purpose required; therefore, though I am certainly
indisposed to trench on the public grounds, I can-
not object to placing this building on the Mall.,
The motion to reconsider was agreed to; and
the question was stated to be on the passage of
the joint resolution.
Mr. STUART. I now propose to offer the
amendment which I indicated.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Foot in
the chair.) The Chair will suggest that it is
necessary to take one more step back, or the
amendment cannot be received no w without unan-
imous consent.
Mr. STUART. Then I move to reconsider
the vote by which the resolution was ordered to
be engrossed. That will enable me to move an
amendment.
Mr. HALE. I wish to inquire whether it is
in order at this stage to move to amend the joint
resolution by amotion to repeal the original law?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. No amend-
ment is in order until the vote ordering the res-
olution to a third reading shall be reconsidered.
It will then be open to amendment. The question
is on the motion to reconsider the votes by which
the resolution was ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading.
Mr. HAMLIN. Is it not in order, before that
motion is put, to movo to recommit the bill with
instructions ?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Certainly.
Mr. HAMLIN. I move to recommit the bill
to the Committee on the District of Columbia,
with instructions to report a bill repealing the act
making the appropriation for the construction of
the armory, and providing for paying all damages
which have arisen.
Mr. BROWN. I have no objection to that.
Mr. WELLER. I hope that question will not
be taken without some reflection. Certainly it is
necessary that we should have an armory here.
Mr. BROWN. What for?
Mr. WELLER. For the purpose of deposit-
ing the public arms and those that arc in the hands
of the militia. We are the exclusive legislators
for this District. All the State governments have
made some provision for disposing of the arms
given to the respective States, and whioh are in
the hands of their militia. As we are the exclu-
sive legislators for this District, we arc, m my
judgment, under some obligation to make pro-
vision for their arms.
If the Senate decide that it is not necessary to
procure any place whatever in which to deposit
these arms and the different trophies now scat-
tered about through the different Departments of
the Government, let it be so understood, and I
shall abide by the judgment of the $dnate; but,
sir, the fact is, that many of the trophies scat-
tered about through the different Departments of
the Government are interesting because of thMr'
historical associations. They will, perhaps,b'6
more so in after years to those who shall succeed
us on the stage of action. If we have a building
of this sort, they will be taken care of, and wiu
constitute the pride of those who take cart of
them. At all events, I hope the Senate will n'dt
dispose of the question without proper reflection.
Mr. HAMLIN. We have now a navy-yalrd
and a United States arsenal in this city, in which
all the trophies and arms to which the Senatoi-
has alluded can be placed and be properly taMn
care of, without constructing any special building
for that purpose.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question'
is on the motion of the Senator from Maine to
recommit the resolution with instructions.
Mr. WELLER called for the yeas and nays;
and they were ordered.
Mr. YULEE. I think it will be advisable,
before the Senate give peremptory instructions to
the e ffect proposed by this motion, that the whole
subject should be referred to a committee, with
the view of ascertaining what will be the damages.
If the opinion of the Senator from Connecticut
bo correct, that, by a forfeiture of this contract,
we shall become obliged to pay the whole $30,000
we have agreed to pay to these contractor^, I
should be opposed to disturbing the contract; or,
if the^lamages be large, I should be opposed to
it. At any rate, I should like to know what the
damages will be.
I propose that the joint resolution, together
with the proposition of the Senator from Maine,
be referred to the Committee on Military Affairs,
from which the appropriation was originally rec-
ommended. With entire deference to my friend
who represents the Committee on the District of
Columbia, I think that, as the matter has now
taken the direction of an entire repeal of the ap-
propriation, it ought to go to the Military Com-
mittee, from which the appropriation was origin-
ally proposed to the Senate. I therefore mova
the committal of the whole subject-matter to the
Committeogon Military Affairs, that we may hear
what theyTiave to say, and ascertain what will
be the amountof damage, and what will be the con-
sequence of the removal of the site, and whether
a proper site can be obtained elsewhere for the
sum proposed by the amendment which the Sen-
ator from Michigan has in his hand. I should
like to have light before we give peremptory
instructions.
Mr. BROWN. That I take to be an attempt
to take a case out of the hands of the Committee
on the District of Columbia, as a rebuke to that
committee for not having acted according to the
views of particular gentlemen.
Mr. YULEE. Not at all; it is a mere question
of construction.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The yeas and
nays having been ordered on the pending motion,
it is not open to modification.
Mr. WELLER. The question whether there
shall be an armory in this District, is a military
question, and belongs exclusively to the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs. The question whether
public grounds in this city shall be used for spe-
cific purposes, is a question which appropriately
belongs to the Committee on the District of Colum-
bia. I think the determination of the Senate, as
evinced to-day, is not to allow public grounds in
this city to be used for this purpose.
The only remaining question then, is, whether
there shall be an armory in this District at all.
My friend from Mississippi will allow me to say
that that is a question with which his committee
have nothing in the world to do. It isamilitary
question, and the Committee on Military Affairs
have as much power to decide, and are as com-
petent judges of whether an armory shall b,© es-
tablished in this city, as in any other part of the
Union.
Mr. BROWN. They have decided it in their
report, and it has been read. Let us decide it
upon the report, and take the vote' now. ^ a,ms
willing to do so.
Mr. WELLER. If the subject be inferred
back to the Committee on Military Affairs, wa
will investigate the question, a,ja4 ft satisfied that
