1856.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1785
his possession at that time letters from the Com-
missioner of the Land Office, and other distin-
guished persons, speaking of his compass as the
best that had been invented for the public lands
where mineral attraction existed.
Mr. PECK. Such cases are as frequent as
chips around a wood-pile; but they cannot prove
anything in this case. The value of the instru-
ment has been tested; it has been demonstrated;
and no man can now produce an instrument that
has been tested and found equal to this; and with-
out it the surveys cannot be carried on. i speak
from my own knowledge, and I say that the sur-
veys of the mineral lands of the country cannot
be carried on without this instrument.
A Member. They have been surveyed here-
tofore.
Mr. PECK. Yes, they have been surveyed,
but what has been the result ? Defective surveys
have been made, which have cost the Govern-
ment ten times as much as was necessary, and
have entailed upon the parties who have pur-
chased the land constant and endless litigation.
Now, it seems to me that we establish in this
case a valuable invention, from which the Gov-
ernment has derived immense advantage, and
from which the inventor has derived no advant-
age whatever. The gentleman from Missouri
adverted to the fact that it was Mr. Burt's own
fault, if he had not received advantage, but had
waived his right, and had not insisted on a pro
rata of the price paid for his instruments. Now
the gentleman must observe that the number of
surveyors is very limited. They hardly average
one to a county in the United States. The range
of mineral lands is still more limited. It is com-
paratively in small parcels, and in few localities,
and the number of surveyors employed on that
kind of land is infinitely small. One thousand
instruments would more than suffice for the sur-
veys of the whole mineral lands of the United
States. The demand is small, and consequently
any premium which he might receive upon the
small number necessary to supply that demand,
would prove but an inadequate recompense—in-
adequate when compared to the vast benefit re-
sulting to the Government and the country.
One word further with regard to this claim.
Gentlemen have said that they have seen lobby-
ers come here for certain of these things. Now,
I want them to understand that this man has no
lobbyer here. I speak for him as his immediate
representative; and I wish to say one word in
respect to him. He is a poor man—I do not base
his claim upon that, hut it should enter into the
consideration—who has devoted his life, and is
now devoting it, to the arts and sciences. As soon
as he invents one thing, lie turns his mind to
something else. He is not of that class of men
who invent revolvers, and make money by the
operation. He adds to the treasures of the
country, and not to his own. He is of that illus-
trious class who have adorned the history of
American science; but have too often gone down
to the grave followed only by the attendants of
the poor-house. I ask this Congress whether
they should not, in such a case, discriminate, and
do justice to the man while he yet lives, and not
leave him the bare compliment of an epitaph on
a pauper's grave.
Mr. TODD. I desire to offer a proviso to the
bill.
Mr. PHELPS. _ Well, I will withdraw the
motion that the bill be laid aside to be reported
to the House, with the recommendation that it
do not pass.
Mr. TODD. I offer the following amendment:
Provided, That William A. Burt shall relinquish all
claim on tho United States, or its officers and eutployds,
for the past u^e of saut compass in the public service.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. Mr. Chairman, 1
understand that the patent right has expired, and
it may be necessary that the committee should
know this fact. Now, with this fact before us,
what are we asked to do? The patentee, on his
own estimate, and without evidence touching the
proof of his patent, comes forward and asks the
Government for $20,000. We never stipulated
that his compass should be used by the Govern-
ment employes. He waits until the term during
winch his right, as guarantied to him, has ex-
pired, and then comes here on a general estimate,
mnde by himself, for an appropriation of $20,000
as remuneration for the use of his instrument.
In the report of the committee we find the fol-
lowing:
" It appears -from statements, deemed reliable, made to
youi committee, that Mr. Butt has derived verj little pecu-
niary'benefit from his invention, for the reason, among
others, that a large portion of the time covered by his patent
was consun.cd in perfecting the instrument, thereby mak-
ing it available for the use of persons unaccustomed to iU"
So that the compass was unfit for use during a
large period of the time covered by the patent
right. The report goes on to state:
4< And the additional cost of it over that of the ordinary
magnetic compass requiring a greater outlay than local sur-
veyors were willing to make, operated to prevent its com-
ing into general use, except in the Government surveys;
and Mr. Burt chose rather to rely on the justice of the Gov-
ernment to compensate him for the time ana labor bestowed
upon it, than to refuse its use, as under his patent he might
have done."
He waits fourteen years, asks nothing of the
Government, but when that time has expired he
comes here and asks for an appropriation of
$20,000. If we pass this appropriation I think
that we will make a very dangerous precedent.
Any man failing in his invention may come here
and ask us to pay for it. 1 think the principle
is wrong, and shall vote against its adoption.
Mr. STEPHENS. I move that the committee
do now rise.
Mr. WALBRIDGE. Wait until we pass this
bill.
Mr. STEPHENS. Your bill is going to be
killed, and it is hardly worth while to remain
here to see it buried.
The question was taken on Mr. Stephens's
motion and it was agreed to.
So the committee rose; and the Speaker having
resumed the chair, Mr. Greenwood reported
that a Committee of the Whole House had,
according to order, had the Private Calendargen-
erally under consideration, and had directed him
to report back a bill for the relief of the heirs and
legal representatives of Daniel Renner and Na-
thaniel H. Heath, with a recommendation that
it do not pass; also, a bill for the relief of Peyton
G. King, late receiver of the public money at
Monroe, Louisiana, with a recommendation that
it do pass; also, that the committee had had
under consideration a bill to enable the United
States to make use of the solar compass in the
public surveys, and had come to no resolution
thereon.
RENNER AND HEATH.
Mr. HOUSTON. I move that the House
agree to the report of the Committee of the
Whole House on the Private Calendar.
Mr. COBB, of Alabama. I wish the report to
be divided, and to give my reasons why we
should not agree to the report in the case of Ren-
ner & Heath. If the House wishes to adjourn,
very well; I do not make objection to it.
Several Members. We understand the mat-
ter. It has been discussed for days.
Mr. COBB. Then I ask that the report be
read.
Mr. STANTON. I object; the report has
been twiee read already.
Mr. COBB. I ask that it be read again.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will put the
question to the House, whether the report shall
be read.
The question was taken; and the House re-
fused to have the report again read.
Mr. COBB. I demand the yeas and nays on
the bill.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
Mr. COBB. I call for tellers.
Tellers were not ordered.
The SPEAKER. The report of the Com-
mittee of the Whole is, that the bill for the relief
of the heirs and legal representatives of Daniel
Renner and Nathaniel H. Heath do not pass.
The question was taken; and the report of the
committee was agreed to.
So the bill was rejected.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee, moved to recon-
sider the vote last taljen, and also moved that the
motion to reconsider be laid upon the table;
which latter motion was agreed to.
PEYTON G. KING.
The House then proceeded to consider the bill
(H. It. No. 37) for the relief of Peyton G. King,
late receiver of public money at Monroe, Louis-
ana, reported from the Committee of the Whole
House without amendment, and with a recom-
mendation that it pass.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and read
a third time; and being engrossed, it was accord-
ing read a third time, and'passed.
Mr. EUSTIS moved to reconsider the vote by
which the bill was passed, and also to lay the
motion to reconsider upon the table; which latter
motion was agreed to.
Mr. STEPHENS. I move that the House do
now adjourn.
Mr. JONES. I desire to make a motion to go
into Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union, with a view to take a recess until seven
o'clock, in case any gentlemen wish to have
speaking to-night. 1 am not interested in it my-
self.
Mr. STEPHENS. I withdraw ray motion.
Mr. CHAFFEE. I ask the unanimous con-
sent of the House to take from the Speaker's table
a bill (S. No. 336) for the relief of Charles
Stearns. It is a private bill.
Objection was made.
Mr. KENNETT. I move that the Committee
of the Whole House be discharged from the
further consideration of those bills which were
objected to under peculiar circumstances yester-
day morning, in order that they may be put on
their passage.
Mr. McMULLIN. I must object to some of
them.
Several Members objected.
Mr. KENNETT. If it is in order 1 submit
the motion.
The SPEAKER. It is not in order, except by
unanimous consent.
PERSONAL EXPLANATION.
Mr. McMULLIN. In the discussion which
occurred on the day before yesterday, between
the gentleman from Indiana [Mr. Cumback] and
myself, the reporters represent me as havingob-
jected to the citizens of all the States going into
the Territories of the United States, and denied
their right to go there. I know that the gentle-
man from Indiana, whose attention I called to
the subject, did not understand me to say so. It
was a mistake made by the reporters, owing, no
doubt, to the confusion prevailing in the House
at the tune. I took directly the opposite ground.
My position was, that the citizens of all the States
have the right in common to go into the Territo-
ries of the United States with their property of
whatever character, without regard to the legis-
lation of Congress.
Mr. JONES. I move that the rules be sus-
pended, and that the House resolve itself into
the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio. I have several
communications from the Departments, which I
desire to have referred to the Committee of Ways
and Means and printed.
No objection being made.it was so ordered. _
Mr. H AVEN. It has been suggested that it is
desirable to go into the Committee of the Whole,
and have a session this evening I desire to say
that some of the officers of the House,who would
, necessarily have to be here if we were to have an
evening session, wish to visit Commodore Van-
derbilt's steamer; and I think, upon the whole,
we had better not have an evening session.
Therefore, if there is no objection, I move that
the House do now adjourn.
INVITATION TO VISIT THE VANDERBILT.
The SPEAKER. The Chair would state to
the House, that he has received a verbal commu-
nication from Mr. Vanderbilt, in answer to the
communication sent to him bytheHouse through
the Speaker, setting the time when it would be
convenient for the House to accept his invitation,
in which he accepted the hour designated by the
House for the visit to his steamer.
Mr. Haven's motion was then agreed to; and
thereupon (at two o'clock and twenty minutes, p.
m.) the House adjourned until Monday next, at
eleven o'clock, a. m.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Monday, July 28,1856.
The House met at eleven o'clock, a. m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. Daniel Waldo.
The Journal of Saturday was read and approved.
