912
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 15.
no armory is required, we shall so report to the
Senate. But I wish to impress on the mind of
the Senate, that one branch of this question be-
longs to the Committee on the District of Colum-
bia, while the other, the "one on which you are
now asked to pass, belongs to the Committee on
Military Affairs.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on recommitting the bill with instructions, as
proposed by the Senator from Maine, to the Com-
mittee on the District of Columbia.
Mr. STUART. Is it competent to divide and
take the question first on recommitting; without
the instructions? It strikes me that it is. I have
no objection to recommitting a bill; but I have an
objection to repealing the law. It seems to me
that the suggestion made by the Senator from
Florida is a strong one, and one that ought to
control the action of the Senate. A recommittal
of the bill to a committee will enable the com-
mittee to place the Senate in possession of the
facts in connection with the subject, the effect of the
repeal, as well as of other questions, and will in-
form us how much damages we shall assume to
pay by such an act. On that report the Senate
can act understandmgly. I think it is not proper
now to introduce a proposition to repeal the law
peremptorily, as instructions to a committee. It
seems to me that the difference is clear: in the one
case, as I have suggested, the Senate will be act-
ing wit!) light and knowledge to the fullest ex-
tent; whereas, if compelled now to vote on the
question of repeal, we shall be voting in the dark.
Therefore, if it is competent, I desire the separa-
tion of this question so as to vote, m the first
place, on the proposition to recommit alone.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The impres-
sion of the Chair is, that the yeas and nays having
been ordered upon the proposition, as made by
the Senator from Maine, to recommit with in-
structions, it is not now open to modification.
Mr. STUART. I think the parliamentary rule
and our own, as well as the rule of the House
of Representatives, is that a proposition to divide
a question is in order at any time before the ques-
tion is taken; but a proposition to amend it is not
in order after the yeas and nays are ordered. If
the Chair holds the question to be divisible, as
it seems to me that it is, I suggest respectfully
that it is not too late to divide it. ^
Mr. HALE. When the division of a ques-
tion is called for, the proposition which is asked
to be divided must, it seems to me, be of such a
nature that if it be divided there will be a distinct
proposition left. It must be divided into two
distinct propositions.
Mr. STUART. Undoubtedly, and the motion
to recommit is separate from the question of in-
struction. You may recommit without instruc-
tions.
Mr. HALE. This motion cannot be divided
so ay to make two distinct propositions of it.
There is but one.
I wish to make another suggestion. If it be
divided, there is no propriety in recommitting the
subject generally to the Committee on the Dis-
trict of Columbia, on the idea that they will un-
dertake the discussion of the question whether a
military armory is to be built or not, because
that does not appropriately belong to them; but
if it be the deliberate judgment of the Senate that
the act ought to be repealed, we may as well send
it to that committee as to any other.
I think this question should appropriately have
been committed to another committee entirely,
and that is the Committee 011 Public Buildings
and Grounds. You have a committee here whose
special business it is to look after the public
buildings and grounds. They have not been con-
sulted at all about it; but I have notaword to say
as to that. I hope the motion will be passed and
not divided.
Mr. ADAMS. I wish to suggest to the Sen-
ator from Michigan that we can take the vote on
this proposition with the insiiuctions as moved.
It is an entirety. If that fails, the motion which
is made by the Senator from Florida will come
up.
Mr. STUART. Let us have the vote. I am
anxious for the vote.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on the motion of the Senator from Maine, to
recommit with instructions. The Chair decides
that it is not a divisible question at this stage,
the yeas and nays having been ordered on the
whole proposition.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas SO, nays 13; as follows:
YEAS—-Messrs. Adams, Allen, Bell of New Hampshire,
Bell of Tennessee, Benjamin, Bright, Brown, Butler, Col-
lamer, Crittenden, Durkee, Evans, Fish, Fitzpatriek, Hale,
Hamlin, Jverson, Jones of Iowa, Mason, Pugh, Reid, Rusk,
Sebastian, Seward, Shdell, Sumner, Toombs, Trumbull,
Wade, and Wilson—30.
NAYS—Messrs. Biggs, Bigler, Brodhead, Cass, Dodge,
Douglas, Foot, Jones of Tennessee, Stuart, Toucey, YVel-
ler, Wright, and Yulce—13.
So the joint resolution was recommitted to the
Committee on the District of Columbia, with the
instructions proposed by Mr. Hamlin.
EXECUTIVE SESSION.
Mr. STUART. I understand that there is an
importance for an executive session. I therefore
move that the Senate do now proceed to the con-
sideration of executive business.
Mr. WELLER. I have only a remark to
make. The first special order, I believe, that
comes up before the Senate to-morrow is the
Pacific railroad bill. It has been delayed for sev-
eral days. I should like to know whether I can
have an opportunity of calling it up to-morrow
at one o'clock? I hope there will be no objection
to that.
Mr. STUART. We can decide that question
to-morrow.
Mr. RUSK. To-morrow is already appropri-
ated.
Mr. WELLER. I shall insist on the Pacific
railroad bill being taken up to-morrow, at one
o'clock.
Mr. RUSK. My collcaguc has the floor for
to-morrow.
The motion of Mr. STUART being agreed to,
the Senate proceeded to the consideration of ex-
ecutive business; and after some time spent
therein, the doors were reopened, and the Senate
adjourned. 
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Tuesday, Jlpril 15, 185G.
The House met at twelve o'clock, ni. Prayrr
by the Chaplain of the Senate, Rev. Henry C.
Dean.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
The SPEAKER stated that the first business in
order was the calling of the standing committees
for reports.
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATION.
The SPEAKER then, by unanimous consent,
laid before the House a communication from the
Post Office Department, in compliance with a res-
olution of the House of Representatives, passed
on the 7th instant, transmitting a copy of a me-
morial of the city authorities of Dubuque, Iowa,
in relation to the Illinois Central railroad, and
carrying the mail by the Galena and Minnesota
Packet Company, dated at Dubuque, January 17,
183G; which was referred to the Committee on
the Post Office and Post Roads, and ordered to
be printed.
ALLEN'S MAIL BAGS.
Mr. FLAGLER, by unanimous consent, re-
ported from the Committee on the Post Office and
Post Roads, a bill for the purchase of Allen's
mail bags; which was read a first and second
time, referred to the Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union, and the bill and accompa-
nying report ordered to be printed.
PRIVATE CLAIMS.
Mr. COBB, of Georgia. I ask the unanimous
consent of the House to allow me to offer one or
two resolutions, the object of which is to enable
the committees 011 pensions to get some papeis
from the Department in reference to some private
claims.
No objection being made, the resolutions were
read, considered, and agreed to, as follows:
Repaired, That the Committee on Invalid Pension1? in-
quire into the chum* of George Bond and Claiborne Vaughn,
to be placed upon the pen-ion rolls; and that the said com-
mittee have leave to report by bill or otherwise.
Ji€soJ e'VPhat the Committee on Revolutionary Pensions
inquire into the claim ot Rebecca Smith, widow of David
Smith, a levoiuiiouar} soldiei,and that the said committee
have leave. to report by bill 01 otherwise.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. 1 merely wish to
state that, if the chairmen of the committees on
pensions will apply to the Commissioner of Pen-
sions for the papers in any case before them, he
will send them all the papers in his office.
Mr. CORB. That is precisely the object of
my resolution. I want to put the cases before
the committees, and then they will apply for the
papers.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I ask the
unanimous consent of the House to introduce the
following bill, merely for the purpose of reference:
A bill to authorize the issuing of patents to
land in certain cases.
Mr. QUITMAN. I am compelled to object.
I have a duty to perform in reporting some bills,
and therefore wish to see the committees called
for reports.
Mr. FAULKNER. I ask the unanimous con-
sent of the House to introduce a resolution calling
for information, and to which I am sure no objec-
tion will be made.
The resolution was read, as follows:
Resolved, That the Secretary of State be requested to
communicate to this House such infoimation as may be m
possession of the Department of State, respecting the tariff,
duties, restiietions, prohibitions, and custom-house regula-
tions applicable to American tobacco in the principal coun-
tries of Europe.
Mr. ClUITMAN. I must object, and I call for
the regular order of business.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. I ask the gen-
tleman from Mississippi to yield for a few minutes,
in order that, by unanimous consent, the Senate
bills now upon the Speaker's table may be taken
up and referred.
Mr. H. MARSHALL. When we go to the
business upon the Speaker's table, we can refer
them.
REPORTS FROM COMMITTEES.
The SPEAKER then proceeded to call the
committees for reports.
Mr. PRINGLE, from the Committee on Indian
Affairs, made an adverse report upon the memo-
rial of Robert A. Jones; which was laid upon the
table, and ordered to be printed.
Also, an adverse report upon the memorial of
Alvermus Jackson and others; which was laid
upon the table, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. PRINGLE. I am also directed by the
Committee on Indian Affairs to report back joint
resolution authorizing the Secretary of the In-
terior to settle the accounts of Oliver M. Wozen-
craft, with an amendment in the nature of a
substitute. I ask to have this joint resolution
put upon its passage.
Mr. PHELPS. I suggest to thf> gentleman
from New York, not to endeavor to put th?.t joint
resolution on its passage at this time. It is a
private bill, and I hope he will let it be referred to
the Committee of the Whole House and put upon
the Calendar, that it may come up in the regular
order.
Mr. PRINGLE. I have no objection to its
being referred to the Committee of the Whole, but
really I think it is so well guarded that no harm
can result from its passage.
Mr. PHELPS. I prefer that it should be re-
ferred, and that we may have the bill and report
printed.
Mr. PRINGLE. Very well; let it be so.
The joint resolution was referred to the Com-
mittee of the Whole House, and, with the report,
ordered to be printed.
Mr. PRINGLE. I am also directed by the
Committee on Indian Affairs to report the follow-
ing resolution:
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Interior be, and he is
hereby, authouzed to furnish, for the use of the Committee
on Indian Affairs of this House, a map of the Indian country
between the Mississippi nver and the Pacific ocean, and
the twenty-sixth paiallel north latitude as far north as
54° 40', with the locality or territory of each tribe or nation;
to be executed on a scale of about three hundred mdes to
a foot, displajing the natural features of the countiy, the
roads, forts, settlements, and usual route* of travel and of
expeditions; the reservations established by treaty 01* con-
vention with Indian tubes, and such facts m the territory of
Mexico and the Biiti&h possessions within the above limit?,
touching the geogiaphy and Indian tribes thereof, as can ho
readily obtained ; the nature of the tracts, whether repre-
sented to be timber, prairie, opening, or desert, to be delin-
eated according to some conventional system, in order to
facilitate the examination and true understanding of our
Indian affairs.
I ask to have that resolution put upon its pas-
sage. It is merely for the furnishing of a map.
Mr. H. MARSHALL. I ask whether that
