18ft
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January %
he has not even offered insult to the Order of
which I avow myself, with pride, a member. The
/selection of a name different from the one which
was selected when the subject was up before
might seem invidious, and I do not wish to lay
myself open to that charge. I therefore move that
James L. Orr, of South Carolina-, be requested
to preside as temporary Chairman until a Speaker
be elected; and on that proposition I demand the
yeas and nays.
Mr. COLFAX. I move a substitute for that:
strike out all after the word " resolved," and
insert the following:
Tim Messrs. Banks, Richardson, and Fuller be in-
vited to preside temporarily ^Chairmen of this House, as
tiiey may mutually agree, until a Speaker be elected.
Mr. WASHBUR3ST, of Maine. I move to lay
the whole subject on the table.
Mr. HUMPHREY MARSHALL, (at eleven
p. m.) I move that the House do now adjourn.
Mr. SNEED. What would.be the position of
the question, if I call for the previous question?
Would it be to cut off all amendments, and bring
the House to a vote on my motion ?
The CLERK. The gentleman from Tennes-
see [Mr. Sneed] will bear in mind, that after the
amendment offered by the gentleman from In-
diana, [Mr. Colfax,] the gentleman from Maine
[Mr. Washburn] moved to lay the whole sub-
ject on the table. That is the motion now before
the House.
Mr. PAINE. On that motion I call for the
yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. PAINE. I wish to ask whether, if this
resolution is laid upon the table, it will be in order
to ask a division of the question upon the amend-
ment, so that the question shall be first taken upon
striking out?
Mr. SNEED. If the gentleman from North
Carolina will allow me, I will relieve the gentle-
man and the House from any difficulty that my
resolution may have involved thum in; 1 withdraw
the resolution. [Cries of" Call the roll!"]
Mr. PAINE. I submit the following resolu-
tion for the consideration of the House; and I
hope it will be adopted:
Resolved, That, until Watuniay next at twelve o'clock",
111., no motion lo adjourn, ur tu i,i!ve a iece.^s, sliall he m
order, nnle^ a Speaker shall, before that time, be elected.
Now, sir, I desire to say that no member of
this House is less disposed than I am to do any-
thing that would be unpleasant to a single indi-
vidual hero. But it seems that one party here is
determined that an adjournment shall not take
place unttl a Speaker has been elected. By two
successive trials, a large majority of the House
have shown that opposition to an adjournment.
I have therefore offered this resolution for the
purpose of cutting off these repeated motions to
adjourn, when it is evident the House will not
entertain or vote for tliem. 1 want to see the
purpose carried out to its legitimate result. 1 did
not come here with the expectation that any man,
invested as a Representative of any portion of
these United States, would l>e ealied on to go into
an exhibition of physical ability; but it seems that
we are to be put to that test. Nov.', I should like
to know, m order that I may make up my mind
as to what I have to endure, whether the intention
is to be carried out in good faith. I therefore
hope, if a majority of the House are opposed to
an adjournment until a Speaker is elected, that
they will act in good faith, and adopt the reso-
lution. I submit the resolution, and call for the
previous question upon it.
Mr. liOCOCK. 1 would suggest to the gen- I
tic man that lie include in his resolution the prop-
osition that no motion to take a recess shall be in
order.
Mr. PAINE. That is in the resolution.
Mr. BOWIE. Now, Mr. Clerk, I believe 1
have the flooi ?
The CLERIC. No debate is in order while
the motion for the previous question is pending.
Mr. PAINE. Upon consultation with friends
around me, 1 will for the present withdraw my
resolution.
Mr. SNEED. I now renew the resolution
offered by me some minutes since, and demand
the previous question upon it.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. I move to lay
that lesolution upon the table.
;ntirely powerless to preserve 'order unless gen-
lAn of the House will assist him. He appeals
x>wie "  
Mr. SNEED. I have not yielded the floor.
The CLERK. No debate is in order pending
the call for the previous question.
[Much disorder and confusion prevailed in the
Hall.]
Mr. DAVIDSON. I call for the yeas and nays
upon laying the resolution upon the table.
Mr. PECK. I rise to a question of order. I
submit that it is not in order to move to lay the
motion for the previous question upon the table.
The CLERK. The effect of the motion would
be to carry the resolution with it to the table.
Mr. BOWIE. I want to see this House or-
ganized. [Laughter, and cries of " Order!"] I
am discussing a question of order. [Loud calls
to order, and great confusion.] What is the ques-
tion of order ?
The CLERK. The gentleman from Maryland
will allow the Clerk to say, that a motion has
been made to lay the resolution upon the table,
which motion is not debatable. The Clerk is
en
tii
toTKe House to aid him in preserving order. The
question is upon laying the resolution of the gen-
tleman from North Carolina upon the table, upon
which the yeas and nays have been demanded.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and the motion
decided in the negative—yeas 100, nays 101; as
follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Albright, Allison, Banks, Barbour, Hen-
ry Bennett, Benton, Bingham, Bishop, Biadshaw, Brenton,
Jiutiiii'lion, Builmgame, Jamea IX. Campbell, Lewis D.
Campbell,Chaffee, Claw&on, Colfax, Comms. Crajjm, Cam-
back, Datrirell, Timothy Davis, Day, Dean, De Witt, Dick-
son, Dodd, Dunn, Durfee, Edwards, Emrie, Flagler, Gallo-
way, Gidding.s, Gilbert, Giangci, Grow, Ilobeit B. llall,
Harlan, Harrison, llickman, Holloway, Thomas il, Ilorton,
Valentine B. Morton, Ilowaul, Hughston, Kel=ey, King,
Knapp, Knight, ICnowlton, Knox, Loiter, Matte&on, AIc-
Carty, jYIenehani, Kilnan Miller, Morgan, Moinll, Mott,
Murray, Nichols, Norton, Andrew Oliver, I'earce, Pelton,
lYnninj/ton, Pettit, Tike, Piniglc, Puivianee, Itobbixis, Rob-
erts, Sabin, Sage, Sapp, Sherman, Summons, Spinner,
Stanton, Stranahan, Tappan, Thonngton, Thurston, Todd,
Tration, Ty-wi, Wade, Wakcman, WalbruH'e, Waldron,
Cadwalador O. Washburne, Elhhu B. Washlnnne, Israel
Washburn, Wa?.*on, Welch,Wood, Woodruff, Wood worth,
and Zoliieoifcr—100.
NAYS—Alc'ftaif.. Aiken, Allen, Barclay, Barksdalo, Bell,
Bocock, Bowie, Boyee, Branch, Biook-,, Ihunett, Cadwala-
der, John I'. Campbell, Carhlo, Oaimheio, Ca^kie, Cling-
man, Howell Cobb, Wiliiam.-on U. W. Cobb, Cox, Cnllen,
13avul-on, Uon.y Wnitei Davis, Denver, Do wdell, Echnund-
m>n, Elliott,i!n«lhib, J-ithend«j:c,Eustis,Fau!knor, F1okt.cc,
Ileniy M. Fill lei, Thomas J.J). Fuller, lloodo. Greenwood,
Auutii-tu* Ii.ill, J. Moinsoti Ihinis, Sampson W. Iiarn,-,
Thmna*? Ii. nriiii*. Haven, Iletiieit, Hoffman, Hoimoh,
Jewett, Geoige W. Jones, Keitt, Kelly, lOimett, Lake,
Letcher, Lmdlev, Lumpkin, Humphrey Marshall, Samuel
S. Marshall, Maxwell, MeAIulhu, iUcCiueen, Smith Miller,
iYIilKon, Mjllwant, Moore. Moideeai Oliver, Packer, Paine,
Peek, Pnelp>, Poitcr, Powell, Puryear, Quitman, Ready,
Xliemtd. Richardson, Uivei>, Rultiii, RusfySandidge,Savage,
SeotuWilliam R. Smith, Sneed, Stephens, Stewart, Swopo,
Talbott, Taylor, Trippe, Underwood, Vail, Vaik. Warner,
Watkms, Whoeloi, Williams, Wmslow,Daniel B. Wright,
and John V, Wnght—101.
So the House refused to lay the resolution
upon the tabic.
landing the call of the roll,
Mr. WADS stated that his colleague, Mr.
Buss, in conscquonco of ill health, had paired off
with Mr. LIendlr.y S. Rfa'vett for the night.
Mr. Q/CJITMAN (when his name was called)
said: Before I give my vote, I desire to say that,
since the gentleman from Maryland [Mr. Bowie]
has exhausted almost every .subject that ha* occu-
pied the attention of the House since the session
commenced, m connection with the election of
Speaker, and since iny fnnid from Viigmia [Mr.
McMullin] has spoken fully upon the subject of
the ten-minutes rule, I simply take occasion to
say, that hereafter I shall call any gentleman to
order who exceeds the ten minutes to which he
is entitled under the rule. I shall call any man to
order, whether friend or foe. [Cries of "That's
riuht!" "Good!"] I simply give this notice
now, in order that I may not l3e considered guilty
of partiality.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. I demand the
yeas and nays on ordering the main question to
be now put.
Mr. ETHERIDGE. I rise to a privileged
question. I move that the House do now ad-
journ. [Cries of " No ! no ,>J]
The question was taken, and the House refused
to adjourn.
The yeas and nays were ordered on ordering
the main question to be now put.
Mr. MKACHAM. Is the resolution open to
amendment ?
The CLERK. It is not.
Mr. MEACHAM. The previous question has
not been ordered.
The CLERK. It has been seconded; and the
question is now on ordering the main question to
be now put.
The question was then put, and it was decided
in the negative—yeas 92, nays 106; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Aiken, Allen, Barksdale, Bell, Bocoek,
Bowie, Boyce,Bianch, Brooks, Burnett, Cadwalader, John
P. Campbell, Carhle, Carathers, Caskie, Chngman, IIowcll
Cobb, Williamson R. W. Cobb, Cox, Davidson, Henry Win-
ter Davis, Denver, Dowdell, Edmundson, Elliott, English,
Eustis, Evans, Faulkner, Florence, Henry M. Fuller,
Thomas J. D. Fuller, Goode, Greenwood, Augustus Hall,
J.Moirison Harris, Sampson W. Harris, Thomas L. Harris,
Haven, Iletberl, Hoffman, Houston, Jewett, George W.
Jones, Kem, Kelly, Lake, Letcher, Lmdley, Lumpkin,
Humphrey Maishall, Samuel S. Marshall, Maxwell, Mc-
Mullin, McClucen, Smith Miller, Milison, Millward, moore,
Mordeeai Oliver, Paekcr, Paine, Peck, Phelps, Porter, Pow-
ell, Puryear, Uuinnan, ltcady, Eicand, liichardson, Itufiin,
Rujt, Sandidgc, Savage, Sneed,Stephens, Stewart, Swope,
Talbott, Taylor, Tupp •, Uiiderwood, Vail, Valk, Warner,
Watkms, Wheeler, Williams, Win&iow. Daniel 13. Wright,
and John V. Wnght—92.
NAYS—Messis. Albright, Allison, Bank«, Barbour, Hen-
ry Bennett, Benson, Bingham, Bishop, Ihad.^haw, Bienton,
Buftington, Burlinganie, James H. Campbell, Lewis D.
Campbell, Chaffee, dawson, Colfax, Comins, Cragin,
Cuilen, Cuuiback, Dainiell, Timothy Davis, D<iy, Dean,
DeWitt, Dlckjon, Dodd, Dunn, Durfee, Edwards, Emtie,
Etheiidge, Fla«ler, Galloway, Giddmgs, Gilbert, Granger,
Grow, Kobert B. Hall, Harlan, Hickman, Ilollowny, Thom-
as i . lloiton, Valentnie B. Horton, Ilowaid, Iiughston,
Kel^oy, Kennett, King, Knapp, Knight. Knowlton, Knox,
Loiter, Matteson, MeCarty, Meaeham,KiihanMiiler,^lor-
aau, Mori Hi, Mott, Murray, Nichols, Noiton, Andrew Oli-
ver, Peaice, Pelton, Pennington, Pettit, Pike, Piingle,
Puivianee, Reade, Rivois, Rohbuiy, Roberta, Sabin, Sage,
Sapp, Scott, Sheiman, Snnnions, William It. Smith,Spm-
nei, Stanton, Sttanahan, Tiippan, Thonngton, Thuiston,
Todd, Tiaf'ton, Tyson, Wmle, Wakeman, Walb.idge,
Waldron, Cadwnlader C. Washhurne, Ellihu B. Wash-
bmriP, Israel Wa^jibum, Watson, Welch, Wood, Wood-
luff, Woodwoith, and Zolncolfer—106.
So the House determined that the main ques-
tion should not be now put.
Pending the call of the roll-
Mr. COLFAX. Mr. Clerk, I desire*to state,
as I have the right to do, the reasons for my vote.
I wiH occupy but a few moments.
Mr. GLIiVGMAN. I will make the point of
ordor^ that, in a proceeding under the previous
question, no debate is in order.
Mr. COLFAX. In answer to that point of
order 1 will state that the honorable gentleman
from Mississippi [Mr. Quitman] was allowed to
speak in regard to a question which was not pend-
ing, during a call of the roll on the recent mo-
tion to lay on the table.
The CLERK. It has been the usage to allow
gentlemen to explain their votes during the call
of the roll, and the gentleman will proceed with
his remarks.
Mr. COLFAX. Mr. Clerk, then, if I am in
order, I desire to say a few words, not so much
to the House as to the people who are anxiously
watching every movement here. It became my
duty, or tit least I felt it to be so, a v/eck since,
when a proposition similar to the one now under
consideration was introduced, to set forth what
in my judgment would be the legitimate results
of the adoption of that resolution by this body,
and 1 predicted then that, if the gentleman from
South Carolina was placed in the Chair tempo-
rarily, he would be retained there permanently.
The gentleman from Tennessee [Mr. Sneed]
again presents the resolution this evening. He is
a southern, or, as it is generally callcd, a " twelfth
section American.99 I immediately proposed,as
I did on a former occasion, an amendment, that
the three gentlemen who have been respectively
voted for as candidates for the speakership should
bo invited to act as temporary chairmen, to pre-
side alternately over our deliberations as they
might mutually agree, until a Speaker was elected.
Tins, in my opinion, was as magnanimous as
could be claimed. It was a proposition from the
majority to place the two minorities, whose
united vote only equals ours, each upon an equal
footing with the Republicans; and yet, by the
sharp tactics of my friend from Tennessee, it was
refused, and no vote allowed to be taken upon it,
he first withdrawing his resolution, which caused
my amendment to fall with it, and then reoftering
it, and calling the previous question before he took
his seat, so as to cut oft the unpalatable amend-
ment.
