1856.
THE €ONGRESSWMfei^L«E
"What has passed in this Hall for the past few
•weeks, Mr. Cleric? There have been offered
from this side of the House, ^t five several times,
plurality resolutions, as means by which this
entanglement might promptly be settled and an
organization effected without sacrifice of prin-
ciple by any one. Who were the members that
voted them down ? Gentlemen say that they are
not in alliance with the Democratic party 
Mr. SNEED, (interrupting.) If no other gen-
tleman will, I will call the gentleman to order. I
called for the previous question, and that, I
think, cuts off all debate.
Mr. COLFAX. I am in order. I have but a
few words to say, and I insist on my right to
complete my remarks.
Mr. SNEED. I insist on my question of
order.
The CLERK. The practice of the House
has been to allow gentlemen, during a vote, to
explain their position. The Cleric submits the
matter to the House for its decision. [Cries of
"Call the roll!" "Go on!" "Hear him
through!"]
Mr. COLFAX. Am I to understand that I
am ruled out of order?
The CLERK. The Clerk simply states that
it has been the practice to permit gentlemen to
explain their votes during the call of the roll.
Mr. COLFAX. Then I will proceed.
Mr. SNEED. I will say with great respect,
that such lias not been the practice on motions
to adjourn, or on ordering the main question to
be now put.
The CLERK. It-has been indulged on mo-
tions to lay on the table, and also on motions to
adjourn. [Cries of " Go ahead, then !"]
Mr. COLFAX. I will now proceed with my
remarks. We have offered a plurality resolution
time after time on this side of the House—the
game kind of a resolution under which the dis-
tinguished gentleman from Georgia [Mr. Cobb]
was elected Speaker of the House. Though
that plurality rule once inured to the advantage
of the Democratic party, a change has now come
"o'er the spirit of their dream," and it is now
bitterly opposed by that same party. Again,
while they profess a holy horror for those whom
they call Know Nothings, yet, sir, they exhibit
110 tenderness of conscience, no coy reluctance,
when striking palms with them with a view to
make war against a foe which seems common to
both, winch is pledged and resolved to use every
exertion to prevent the extension of slavery, and
which regards the great issue of freedom as
paramount to all others. The alliance of the
Democracy and the southern Know Nothings on
the votes against the plurality resolutions, which
would have organized this llouso in an hour, and
also on the resolution now pending bulbre es, is
as perfect as that between England and France.
Although they may talk of the hereditary hates
of the past, yet, 111 act and deed, they arc now in
offensive ana defensive alliance. So, in act, and
vote, and deed, do these minorities war, shoulder
to shoulder, against the Republicans. What a
spectacle is presented to us! The gentleman from
Illinois, [Mr. Richardson,] the chosen champion
of the Administration members, voting with the
gentleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Fux.ler,] the
chosen champion of the national Americans; the
Democrats and the twelfth-section Know Noth-
ings side by side! We see the good-natured gen-
tleman from Philadelphia [Mr. Florence] voting
most cordially on this resolution and the plurality
rule with those whom he has called "Church-
burners." We see the gentleman from Phila-
delphia, his colleague, [Mr. Capivalader,] voting
with those whom ho says 'are guilty of rapine
and of almost every other-crime in the calendar.
And so on through the whole roll-call, we see
the" gentlemen who engaged with so much anni-
mation in a battle of words making the same
record in their votes on all the resolutions which
look towards the organization of the House.
The proposition was offered by Mr. Sneed,a
twelfth-section Know Nothing, that Mr. Okii
should be selected as chairman to preside over
our deliberations until a Speaker was elected.
To that I proposed an amendment, that the three
principal candidates for the speakership should
preside temporarily, each in his turn. The gen-
tleman from Tennessee, in order to get rid of that
amendment, withdrew his proposition, and with
the withdrawal of the resolution my, amendment
fell. Immediately afterwards the "proposition
was renewed by him, and the previous question
called on it before he took his seat, so that all
possibility of amendment was cut off. We all
know very well, that if we vote for six weeks
longer, and are then unable to elect a Speaker, it
would be easy to force the gentlemen whoso votes
will place Mr. Orr temporarily in the chair, into
a supposed necessity which will justify them,
though it will not justify any on this side of the
House, in continuing the gentleman from South
Carolina [Mr. Orr] in that position permanently.
I have indeed been told by distinguished men of
his own party, and I state, in confirmation of my
prediction the other day, that if once put in the
chair they would insure that he could not be
ousted, but that he would remain there until the
end of the session. After all this contention of
words, this apparent hostility in debate, it appears,
if the recent vote is a test, tiiat this drama is to
close by a coalition between the two parties who
are and have been pretending to war against e.ach
other—a coalition which is to fill the Speaker's
chair with a gentleman acceptable to both of
them, and to end this contest by a fusion of par-
ties, who assume to be hostile, but who, recog-
nizing slavery as the greatest of all other issues,
join their exertions to achieve a victory over the
party of freedom.
Mr. DAVIDSON. Mr. Clerk, the gentleman
from Indiana [Mr. Colfax] saw fit to speak to
the House and the country of the extraordinary
spectacle presented here of the combination be-
tween the Democratic and the American or Know
Nothing party; and he individualized the in-
stances of the gentleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr.
| and the honorable gentleman from
Georgia, [Mr. Cobb,] and he observed that there
was a collusion between the Democratic party and
the Native Ameiiean or Know Nothing party. I
wish to ask that gentleman whether, to-night, he,
Black Republican as be is, has not been voting
all the tune with Mi\Cobb and Mr. Caoivai.ader
against adjournments? If there is collusion on
the one side, there is collusion 011 the other.
Mr. COLFAX. I will answer the gentleman
with great pleasure.
Mr. DAVIDSON. I have only ten minutes.
The gentleman eon get the floor when I have con-
cluded. There is another extraordinary spectacle
presented. We find Mr. Banks, of Massachusetts,
a member of the Republican party, and a candi-
date for the speakership, voting on every inci-
dental question of order or otherwise, to add to
the number of votes; but when it conies to the
vote for the officer to preside over our delibera-
tions, he hns the magnanimity to give himself a
half-a-vote by not voting at :tll. [Laughter.] That
is the position of that gentleman. T no gentleman
from South Carolina [Mr. Orr] votes on all prop-
ositions.
Mr. COLFAX. I wish to say that I expect to
vote with the gentleman from Georgia [Mr. Cobb]
on a great many appropriation bills, and a variety
of other appropriations mvol v nig 110 principle; bu t
on the organization of this House and questions
affecting slavery, directly or indirectly, 1 do not
intend or expect to vote with that gentleman.
Mr. ETHERTDGE (when his name was called)
said: Mr. Clerk, as gentlemen have been allowed
to give their reasons for their votes upon the
proposition to sustain the previous question, I
will give my reason for the vote 1 am about to
give; and if gentlemen will not make the ap-
plication, that " a word to tho wise is suffi-
cient," they may, when I am done, take the con-
sequences. As soon as the vote on the motion to
lay the proposition on the table was announced,
I immediately moved ail adjournment of this
House, supposing that every gentleman who
preferred an adjournment to a temporary Speaker
would understand my object; but, either from
stubbornness, or a want of comprehension, or
something that is a good deal better and more
praiseworthy, a good many of those who evince
so much sensibility about the adoption of that
resolution voted in accordance with the rules
previously provided for their own government.
I have never desired a temporary chairman of
this House; and it is duo to yourself, Mr. Clerk,
who have presided here for weeks, to say that,
under all circumstances, an honest etlort has been
made by you to be impartial to every member,
arid to preserve order. -1 will say thafc you haye
been signally successful;- and I- will.-say fuWtoft-. .
that every member has..«^a< d,as i4t;-og=-&^
bearanee- and a disposition to, contribute to oar
harmony. I am opposed; to t^iesernigkt sessiousij;
and expect tq be opposed, to them-, ; but I say
that if this House is determined that, we
kept here during the night,, being. now;
hour of midnight, we ought to have some one,
who will enforce suoh rules as we may adopt for
our government. You may make what efforts
you can, but you will be powerless to enforce
the rules of this House; and I would say dis-
tinctly now, that, as soon as the. result of this
vote is announced, I will move an adjournment,
if no other man will, do it; and., if this Houses
does not adjourn, then I will vote for a temporary
chairman. I now vote no.
Mr. CULLEN. I would beg leave to make a
single remark.
The CLERK. The Clerk would remind the
gentleman that debate is not in order. [Cries of
"Hear him!" and "Object!"] There is objec-
tion, and the gentleman is out of order.
Mr. WRIGHT, of Tennessee. 1 hope the
gentleman from Delaware will be allowed to pro-
ceed.
Mr. CULLEN. We have been invited by the
members of the Democratic party to this evening
session. They have resolved in caucus that wo
should stay here and sit it out. I concur with
them. I say that they are responsible for the
organization of this House. I say that it is their
duty to organize this House. I disclaim all asso-
ciation or connection with the Democratic party,
although I have voted with them on several occa-
sions. They have urged us and invited us to sit
hero until this matter is settled; I agree to that.
1 am willing to stay here to-nightana to-morrow,
and until we die. [Laughter.] I want an elec-
tion. I will not vote for Mr. Orr, although I
regard him as a gentleman well qualified for the
position of presiding officer. I am opposed to
any temporary chairman. I shall vote against
that gentleman, but not because I have any per-
sonal objection to him—because 1 may say he is a
most honorable and gentlemanly man, anc^ono
well qualified for the station—but because he and
1 differ in political views. I cannot go for him,
and I shall not go for him. I shall vote only for
a man who is a member of the American party
—a man who sustains the principles that I was
sent here to support, and who is true to the great
principle that "Americans shall rule America."
[Laughter.]
Now,sir,I will  ot vote forany man who sup-
ported that resolution of the Democratic caucus.
I never will go for him; I cut myself loose from
him; I disclaim all connection and association
with that party. I was sent here to oppose that
party, and 1 go against the whole of them. I
say, if you place Mr. Orr in that chair, you will
never get him out of it. [Roars of laughter.]
Mr. FLORENCE. I desire to say just one
word. The gentleman from Indiana [Mr. Col-
fax] was pleased to make a remark in relation to
myself, complimenting me as a very good-natured
man, but putting language in my mouth that I
never used. I never use offensive language to
anybody. I did not assail the, American party as
" Church -burners." I referred to matters that
occurred in the year 1844, m the city of Philadel-
phia, growing out of the remarks as to the age
of the^ American party made by my colleague,
[Mr. Broom.] I introduced the opinion of a gen-
tleman, now a member of the American or Know
Nothing party—that is a word I very seldom use
•—who was a competitor of mine for f^seat upon
this floor last fall; and I quoted his opinion of
the Native American party of 1844. I never use
offensive language to any party of men or any
class of men; and I defy proof of that fact in any
canvass that I have over gone through in my dis-
trict, or in the State of Pennsylvania.
I am opposed to the principles of the so-called
American party. I was opposed to the princi-
ples of the Native American organization of 1844.
I declared, as often as I could, my hostility to
them, without making use of offensive language.
I have among them many personal friends, and I
am glad to say that many among them in Phila-
delphia are national, and do not coincide in the
opinions of the gentleman from Indiana. I re-
ferred to that fact the other day.
