1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1787
Watson. Welch, Wells, Whitney, Wood, Woodruff, and
Wood worth—73.
So (two thirds not voting in favor thereof) the
rules were not suspended.
Fending the cali of the roll,
Mr. VALK stated that Mr. A. K. Marshall
was confined to his house by sickness.
Mr. OLIVER, of Missouri. I have paired off
with Mr. Howard, and cannot vote on this ques-
tion, otherwise I should vote " ay."
Mr. SHERMAN. Having read the amend-
ment of the gentleman from Indiana, I vote
"ay."
Mr. PHELPS. I have voted "ay" for the
purpose of taking up the Senate bill, not for the
purpose of considering the proposition of the
gentleman from Indiana.
Mr. SAGE. And I voted " ay " for the pur-
pose of getting at the proposition of the gentleman
from Indiana.
IMPROVEMENT OF THE DES MOINES RIVER.
Mr. BENNETT, of New York. I ask leave
to introduce the tollowing joint resolution:
Be it resolved, 4'c., That the construction of the grant of
lands marie to the Territory of Iowa by the act of Congress
entitled '-An act granting certain lands of the Territory of
Iowa, to aid in the improvement of the navigation of the
Dos Moines liver. m said Territory," passed August 8,
J 816, a? decided by thp Secretary of the Treasury, on the
eJd of March, 3849, be, and the same is hereby, confirmed :
Provided, Said grant shall not be extended beyond the paral-
lel of '14° yO' of noftli latitude.
Mr. SHERMAN. I object.
Mr. BENNETT. I move that the rules be
suspended, and on that I call for the yeas and
nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. STEPHENS. Will it be in order now to
move to suspend the rules, and go into the Comr
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union for
the purpose of taking up the Army bill?
The SPEAKER. It is not in order, as a mo-
tion is pending to suspend the rules.
Mr. STEPHENS. Then I give notice that, as
soon as the question is disposed of, I will make
that motion it' I can get the floor.
Mr. McMULLIN. I would inquire whether
the report of the Secretary of the Interior accom-
panies that resolution ?
The SPEAKER. There are several papers
accompanying the resolution, but the Chair is
unable to determine what they are.
Mr. McMULLIN. I think, if the House
heard that report read, it would not suspend the
rules for the purpose indicated.
Mr. BENNETT. There is a report made by
the Committee on Public Lands 
Mr. COBR, of Georgia, (interrupting.) I ob-
ject to any discussion.
The question was taken; and there were—yeas
34, nays 119, as follows;
YEAS — Messrs. Henry Bennett, Benson, Bilhnghurst,
Bradshaw, Brenton, Lewis D. Campbell, Catuthcrs, Chaf-
fee, dawson, Colfax, C'ovodc, Dickson, Dortd, Eustis,
Florence, Granger, Grow, Thomas L. Haras, Thomas R.
Iloiton, Knapp, Knight, Knowlton, Matteson, Maxwell,
Morgan. Terry, Sage, Taylor, Thonngton, Wakeman, Wal-
budgo, Israel Washburn, Wells, and Wood—34.
NAYS— Messrs.. Aiken, Albright, Allison, Barbour, Bell, :
Hendley S. Bennett, Bingham, Bliss, Bowie, Branch,
Broom, Buffinton, Burhngame, Burnett, Ca^kie, Ilowell
Cobb, Williamson R. W. Coob, Connns, Cox, Ciaige, Craw-
fotd,Cu!Jen, Gumback, Damrell, Da'idson, Henry Winter
Davis, .Day, Denver, Dunn, Durfee, Edmundsou, Edwaids,
Elliott, Einne, English, Flagler, Foster, Thomas J. I).
Fuller, Galloway, Gilbert, Goode, Greenwood, Robert B.
Hall, Hailan, Sampson VV. Harris. Hartison, Haven, Hoff-
man, Hollovvay, Valentine B. Horton, Houston, Hughston,
Jewett, George VV. Jones, Kidvvell, King, Lake, Letter,
Lumpkin, Humphrey Marshall, Samuel S.Marshall, Mc-
Muilsn, K.iilian Miller, Smith Miller, Millson, Moore, Mor-
rill, Notion, Parker, Pelton, Pettit, Phelps, Powell, Prmgle,
Ptirviance, Puryear, Q,uitman, Reade, Ready, Ricaud,
Rivers, Ruftin, Sabxn, Sapp, Savage, Scott, Sheiman,
Samuel A. Smith, William Smith, William R. Smith,
Pneed, Stmton, Stephens, Stewart, Stranahan, Talbott,
Tappan, Thurston, Todd, Trafton, Trippe, Tyson, Under-
wood, Valk, Wade, Waldron, Warner, Cadwalader C.
Washburne, Elhhu R. Washburne, Watkins, Watson,
Whitney, Williams, Winslow, Woodruff, Woodworth,
Daniel B. Wnght, John V. Wright, and ZoUicoti'er—119.
So (two thirds not having voted in favor there-
of) the rules were not .suspended.
PACIFIC RAILROAD.
. Mr. DENVER. I ask the unanimous consent
ovf the House to make a report from the select
committee on the Pacific railroad.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I object.
Mr. DENVER. I move to suspend the rules
for that purpose.
Mr. WOOD. I hope the gentleman from Cal-
ifornia will not press his proposition this morning.
The report has only been printed in part. The
bill and report of the majority, I notice, are
printed, and on our tables, but neither the bill
nor the report of the minority has been printed.
Mr. PHELPS. The object of the gentleman
from California, as I understand it, is not to con-
sider the bill at this time, but merely to introduce
it, and enter a motion to recommit.
Mr. JONES. That will have the effect of
making it a special order, and we might as well
consider it at once.
Mr. DENVER. I wish to state that it is not
my object to put the bill on its passage at this
time. I only desire that the House shall allow
the bill to be reported. I will then enter a motion
to recommit, and we can go on with the business
of the House.
Mr. KIDWELL. I suppose the gentleman
will include in his motion the bill of the gentleman
from Maine, [Mr. Wood,] and the minority
report.
Mr. HOUSTON. Oh no; there was no mo-
tion to introduce any minority report.
The SPEAKER. The reports will be pre-
sented together, if the House shall suspend the
rules. The majority and minority reports of the
committee were ordered by the House to be
printed, and it is the constant practice of the
House to allow the majority and minority reports
of committees to be presented together.
Mr. DENVER. I ask the House to permit me
to explain for one moment.
Mr, JONES. No debate is in order.
The SPEAKER. Debate it not in order, and
suggestions can only be made by unanimous
consent.
Mr. DENVER. When I was at the printing
office this morning, 1 learned that only a portion
of the report had been printed. The proof of the
minority report was in the hands of the gentleman
from Virginia, [Mr. Kidwell,] and had not been
returned. As soon as he should have completed
the reading, the entire report would be printed.
It will be here to-morrow morning.
Mr. WOOD. I shall be compelled to vote
against the motion of the gentleman from Califor-
nia, as it is presented. 1 want the report to he
made, but not until all the propositions coming
from the majority and minority of the committee
shall have been printed, so that they may all be
presented together.
Mr. DENVER. I have already stated that the
majority and minority reports will be upon our
tables to-morrow morning, and they will all come
up together.
Mr. HOUSTON. I understand the proposition
of the gentleman from California now is, to report
this bill, and give it a position in the House, by
which it can be called up at any time. The ap-
propriation bills are special orders, it is true; but
they are in the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union, and a majority can refuse to
go there to take them up; and, in that way, this 1
bill will be kept before the House to the exclusion
of the appropriation bills, in spite of anything the
chairman of the Committee of Ways and Means
can do. It would place it in the power of a
majonty of the House to refuse to go into the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union, and thus virtually set aside the appropri-
ation bills.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio. To-morrow is
the only day of the present week that we can
devote to the appropriation bills, because we have
already been notified that on Wednesday a fjues-
tion of privilege—the Kansas contested-election
case—is to be called up. I wish therefore to
advise the House that there are only three weeks
of the session left. The important bills of the
session have not been considered. Sir, I regard
it as due to the Senate, that all of these bills
should he sent there immediately, if this motion
of the gentleman from California prevails, his bill
will take precedence of these special orders, and j
i it will not be within our power to consider any j
appropriation bill until nis bill shall be dis-
posed of.
Mr. PHELPS. The motion of the gentleman j
from California will not interfere with the appro- j
piiation bills. Let this bill be reported and j
printed. Every member can examine it; and j
when it comes up for consideration he can cast1
his vote for it or against it. It need not interfere
with the disposition of the appropriation bills.*
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I think it is very
doubtful whether any member will be able to
understand this bill in three months.
Mr. DAVIDSON. I object to further debate.
Mr. PHELPS. I demand the yeas and nays
upon the motion to suspend the rules.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the negative—yeas 77, nays 87; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Albright, Barbour, Henry Bennett, Bil-
tinghurst, Bingham, Bliss, Bowie, Brenton, Broom, Bur-
lmgame, Caruthers, Chaffee, Colfax, Covode, Cox, Cragin,
Cumback, Day, Denver, Dickson, 0odd, English, Flagler,
Galloway, Gieenwood, Harlan, Ilamson, Ilaveu, Kcn-
nett, King, Knapp, Knight, Knowlton, Knox, Humphrey
Marshall, Matteson, Maxwell, McGarty, Meachani, Kilhau
Miifer, Moore, Morgan, Morrill, Mott, Norton, Pelton,
Perry, Fettit, Phelps, Pike, Porter, Purviance, Rpady,
Ritchie, Rivers, Sage, Seward, William R. Smith, Stanton,
Stranahan, Tappan, Taylor, Todd, Trafton, Tyson, Un-
derwood, Valk, Wade, Wakeman, Waldron, Cadwalader
C. Washburne, Elhhu B. Washburne, Isiael Washburn,
Wells, Williams, Woodworth, and Zolhcoffer—77.
NAYS—Messrs. Aiken, Allison, Ball, Bell, Hendley S.
Bennett, Benson, Bishop, Bradshaw, Branch, Buffinton,
Lewis D. Campbell, Carlilc, Caskie, Howell Cobb, Wil-
liamson R. W. Cobb, Craige, Crawford, Culten, Damreil,
Davidson, Henry Winter Davis, Dunn, Durfee, Edmund-
son, Edwards, Emne, Florence, Foster, Thomas J. D. Ful-
ler, Giddmgs, Gilbert, Goode, Granger, Grow, Robert B.
Hall, Sampson W. Harris, Thomas L. Harris, Hoffman,
Holloway, Valentine B. Horton, Houston, Jewett, George
W Jones, j. Glancy Jones, ICelsey, Kidwell, Lake, Leiter,
Lumpkin, Samuel S. Marshall, McMullin, Smith Miller,
Millson, Andrew Oliver, Parker, Powell, Pringle, Puryear,
Quitman, Ricaud, Robbins, Ruffin, Sahm, Sapp, Savage,
Scott, Sherman, Shorter, Samuel A. Smith, Sneed, Spin-
ner. Stephens, Stewart, Talbott, Thurston, Trippo, Vail,
Walbndge, Warner, Watkins, Watson, Welch, Winslow,
Wood, Woodruff, Daniel B. Wnght, and John V. Wright
—87.
So the rules were not suspended. Pending the
call of the roll,
Mr. SNEED said that he did not wish his vote
upon the motion of the gentleman from California
to be understood as indicative of his sentiments
for the bill or against it. He thought this was
too important a bill to be brought in at the heel
of the session. There was not time sufficient to
consider it; and he therefore voted no.
Mr. FLORENCE made a similar statement.
ELLSWORTH CUSTOM-HOUSE.
Mr. PULLER, of Maine, asked the consent
of the House to take up from the Speaker's table
the resolution of the Senate (No. 91) authoriz-
ing the Secretary of the Treasury to modify the
plan for the custom-house at Ellsworth, Maine.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee, objected.
Mr. FULLER moved to suspend the rules.
Mr. JONES. I wish to say that 1 shall object
to any bill being taken from the Speaker's table,
until the House will dispose regularly of all the
business there. I demand the yeas and nays
upon the motion to suspend the rules.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
Mr. FULLER demanded tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Pelton and
Maxwell were appointed.
The question was taken; and the tellers re-
ported—ayes 85, noes 43.
The Speaker voted in the affirmative, making
two thirds.
So the rules were suspended.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I move that the
resolution be laid on the table, and on that mo-
tion call for the yeas and nays.
Mr. HAVEN. I will vote to order the yeas
and nays; but before the question is taken I would
like to have the resolution read, so that we may
know exactly what we are voting on. If the res-
olution is properly restricted, I may vote for it.
The resolution was read. It resolves that the
Secretary of the Treasury be, and hereby is,
authorized to modify the plan of the custom-
house in process of construction at Ellsworth,
Maine, provided the increased expense by so
doing shall not exceed the sum of $3,000; and
that the said sura, or so much thereof as may be
necessary, is hereby appropriated out of any
money in the Treasury for that purpose.
Mr. McMULLIN. Has the Secretary of the
Treasury recommended the modification asked
for ?
Mr. FULLER. He lias.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken on Mr. J ones's motion;
and it was disagreed to
