1856.J
APPE^DiX TO THE; £0NGftfiSSK>N AI*; f8*XM?£.
1^7
34th Cong.,..1st Sess.
Kansas Contested Election—Mr. Hall, of Iowa.
Ho. op Reps.
tion of steam into warfare, a British Ministry,
sitting in its cabinet in London, can devise and
plan and precipitate an attack upon our shores with
just as ifiuch certainty as to time and place as an
archer can send an arrow to its mark from his
bow. They can time the arrival of a fleet on our
shores to the hour at, any given point of the coun-
try, and to this contingency must we look.
It was truthfully said by one of the most elo-
quent of men who ever had a-seat on this floor,
that the possessions of Great Britain encircle the
earth, and that her morning guns welcome the
sun at his coming. Upon this continent she is
strengthening her possessions around us daily;
and while she studiously defeats every attempt
of ours to provide naval facilities abroad, she is
sprinkling her coal depots and refitting stations
wherever the contingencies of naval iwar fare may
demand them. Beyond our own jurisdiction we
. have no such stations; and well does her Govern-
ment know that, from the very character of our
institutions, we can never be prepared for war
until it is upon vis. But, sir, it may not fully
appreciate our mighty resources; it may not prop-
erly understand that, though " all our ways are
ways of pleasantness, and all our paths are paths
of peace, at the mere will of Congress our dock-
yards,' arsenals, arm y, navy, and military schools,
small and quiet in their unobtrusiveness as they
may severally be, will rise at once into such for-
midable forces as no nation of Europe could equal.
These are but the nuclei of our national defenses—
the silent monitors to the world that ours is a
mission of peace; but should war unhappily arouse
our latent energies, their power would only be
equaled by the union of heart and hand with which
our country would wield them.
KANSAS CONTESTED ELECTION.
SPEECH OF HON. AUGUSTUS HALL,
op iowa,
In the House op Representatives,
March 18,1856,
On the Resolution reported by the Committee of Elections
in tbe Contested-Election case from the Territory of
Kansas.
Mr. HALL, of Iowa, said: Mr. Speaker, I do
not intend to occupy the time of the House, ex-
cept for a very brief period. I am aware that this
discussion has been protracted, and that the at-
tention of thQ House has perhaps been occupied
longer than it should have been upon a question
of this character.
, I do not expect, Mr. Speaker, after the very
able debate we have had upon this question, to
say anything that will enlighten the House. But
I desire to define my position, and to assign the
reason which will govern me in the vote I shall
five on the resolution which is before the House,
t has been frequently claimed, by innuendo, and
by direct charge, that upon this side of the House
members were struggling to prevent an investi-
gation of the difficulties that have occurred in the
organization and settlement of the Territory of
Kansas.
So far as I am concerned, sir, and so far as I
have been able to ascertain from the arguments
of this side of the House, I do not believe that
they are anxious to prevent an examination into
any and all questions which are legitimately be-
fore us. I do not understand that they are desirous
to obstruct investigation into any of the events
alleged to have occurred, so far as that investiga-
tion can legally affect the resolution which has
been reported By the majority of the Committee
of Elections. The majority of the committee
askforpowerto send for personsand papers. The
minority say that, for the purposes for which the
majority ask that this power shall be granted, they
do not believe it ought to be exercised. They do
not believe that this House possesses the power,
under the Constitution, to inquire into the legal-
ity of the election of the Legislature in Kansas.
But for all other purposes which are legitimate
and proper, and which will have a tendency to
aid us in coming to a correct conclusion upon any
question which this House can take cognizance
of, they are willing that this investigation shall
proceed.
New Series—No. 12
But, sir, if the resolution of the majority of the
committee were to be adopted, it would be neces-
sary to send from the District of Columbia—two
or three thousand miles—to Kansas for the pur-
pose of obtaining persons and papers to prove—
what? To prove that the Legislature of Kansas
assembledat Pawnee City, and then adjourned to
the Shawnee Mission ? That is admitted; it is
upon record. There is no necessity of sending
for persons to establish anyone of the facts which
are matters of record; and it cannot be necessary
to send this longdistance, and to incur the extraor-
dinary expense which must inevitably follow,
for the purpose of determining the legality or the
illegality of the election at which the members of
the Legislature of Kansas were chosen.
Can it be that this House will undertake to
investigate that question? Does it follow that,
because this House, under the Constitution of
the United States, may inquire into the elections,
returns, and qualifications of its own members, it
may go further, and inquire into the election of
the members of the Territorial Legislature ? Have
members on the other side of the House adduced
any authority whatever, either from statute or
precedent, for sanctioning an inquiry into the
election of the members of a Territorial Legisla-
ture—to go back of the Government de facto, and
inquire into the legality of these elections? Is
there any precedent, I ask, which authorizes us
to exercise this jurisdiction over a territorial gov-
ernment more than over a State government?
Sir, we have no more authority in this respect
over the Territories than we have over the States.
The gentleman from New York [Mr. Simmons]
suggested on yesterday that the decisions of the
courts have settled this question, that where the
constitution of a State required a two-third vote
for the passage of aJaw, an interested party might
come into court and plead specially, that the law
under which he was arraigned had not passed by
such a vote. A special issue of this sort might
be made, and the court would inquire whether
the law had been constitutionally enacted; but no
authority or precedent cited by the gentleman
went further than this; that it maybe inquired
whether the law was passed in a legal and con-
stitutional manner. No inquiry can be made
whether or not the members of the Legislature i
which passed the law had been properly elected.
It is true, when suit is brought upon the judg-
ment of a certain court, that it may be plead there
was no court in session at the time alleged of the i
rendition of the judgment. True ;it is, that on a
special issue of this kind the court may inquire
into that fa<;t, but it cannot inquire whether the
court itself was correctly and legitimately chosen
under the supreme authority of the State.
I do not understand, Mr. Speaker, that in all
this discussion, elaborate, thorough, and able as
it has been, any gentleman on the other side
has introduced a solitary authority or precedent
tending to show that we possess power to go back
of the qualifications, elections, and returns of
members and delegates. We may inquire as to
the returns. What are they? They are the poll-
books kept by the board of canvassers, and which
show the votes as they were received at the poll.
We may inquire whether the sitting member has
the constitutional qualifications. Wemay inquire,
then, whether the member has been duly elected
by examining the returns and hearing parol tes-
timony in reference to their correctness. Our
authority extends no further. What would be
the condition of this House, if every individual
who sought any opportunity to contest an elec-
tion could come in and say that the law under
which the election was held is liable to the objec-
tions that have been urged in the case before us ?
Suppose that a law should pass a Legislature by
the majority of a single vote; suppose that after-
wards, upon a contest for the seat of the member
who cast this vote, that it should be ascertained he
had never been elected, would the law become a
nullity ? In such a case it will not be pretended that
the law could for that reason be declared invalid.
Then, if we cannot reach a small error, so vital
in its consequence, we cannot reach a larger one
of the same character, unless special jurisdiction
has been given us.
Gentlemen have pointed out no authority, no
law or precedent, no analogous ease where this
House has extended its jurisdiction to inquire into
the legality of the boaies which passed the law
under which a member has been elected and occu-
pies his seat; and in the absence of authority of
that kind it seems to me that we assume very
much when we undertake to exercise it for the
first time in the history of our Government.
Mr. Speaker, I desire tocall attention to another
point. The law under which the sitting member
was elected was passed by the only government
in Kansas. The only Legislature in the Territory
was the one which gentlemen on the other side
impeach. It, with the Governor, was the territo-
rial government de facto. If that Legislature did
not properly have legislative functions, then there
was no other body there.that had. Thete was
no law-making, no legislative power there; and
from that moment to the present time there has
been no power to enforce rights and redress
wrongs.
I understand that the object of this resolution
is to so far impeach the election of that Legisla-
ture as to declare that there has been no govern-
ment whatever in Kansas. If gentlemen cannot
go back so far as to show that there has been no
Legislature—that there lias been no proper exer-
cise of legislative power in the Territory since its
organization, then they certainly cannot assume
that the investigation they claim will result in
anything, so far as the sitting member is con-
cerned. It Will be recollected that when Louis-
iana was acquired,it was believed by many jurists
of the country that we had not the right to make
the purchase and to organize the territory into
States. The power was held to be of the most
doubtful character. It was claimed as a power
inherent in Government. When that territory
was acquired, a territorial government estab-
lished, and a Delegate sent here, could it be safely
claimed, that because the power to purchase was
unconstitutional, the Delegate was not entitled to
his seat, and ought to be refused ? If you can go
I back one step, you can go back further; and it
j may be said that, as the purchase was unconsti-
| tutional, the States formed out of it ought to be
| put out of the Union, its Senators denied seats in
| the other branch of Congress, its Representatives
seats upon this floor.
It has'been suggested, upon the part of many
gentlemen who have taken part in this debate,
that Governor Reeder was entitled to a seat in
1 this House; upon the part of others, and espe-
cially by a gentleman from New York, that ha
comes here merely as the agent of the people of
! Kansas, and not as a contestant in any sense of
the word. I do not know what conclusion this
House may come to; I do not know what opin-
ion members generally entertain; but there are
some extraordinary features connected with ono
view of this case which I wish to notice. As I
understand it, when Kansas was an unoccupied
Territory, when it was ready to receive a popula-
tion and to form a government, and when Con -
gregs had provided an organic law under which
a government might there be organized, it ex-
tended to its future citizens the largest liberty,
and adopted a principle as universal as it is beau-
tiful ana sublime, if properly carried into effect—
that upon all questions of domestic policy the
people who settled in that Territory should pos-
sess the right to form their own domestic institu-
tions, and be admitted into the Union with just
such a constitution—if it be republican in its
character—as they should see fit to adopt.
I understand that with this organic law in hia
hand, and the Constitution of the United States
extended over that Territory, Governor Reeder,
having the confidence of the Administration, un-
dertook to exercise the executive functions of that
Territory. He went there and took possession
of it as a blank sheet, pure a fid white, upon which
the word tyranny or any of its derivatives had
never been written. It was without mark or spot
or stain, and the organic law which was extended
over it gave to the people the largest possible lib-
erty . I understand that as Governor of that Ter-
ritory he concluded, after the census was taken,
to order an election with a view to its more per-
fect organization; that for this purpose he divided
the Territory into precincts, appointed judges of
election in each of those precincts, prescribed the
form of oath which each of these judges should
