THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN C. RIVES, WASHINGTON, X>. C,
Thirty-Fourth Congress, 1st Session.
THURSDAY, APRIL 17, 1856.
New Series. ,. .No. 58.
resolution does not necessarily go to the Com-
mittee on Printing?
Mr. PRINGLE. No, sir; the map is to" be
furnished by the Secretary of the Interior.
Mr. ORR. There is no necessity for the reso-
lution going to the Committee on Printing. It is
simply an application to the Indian bureau, to
have prepared a map for the use of the Indian
committee.
Mr. MARSHALL. I am opposed to the
adoption of the proposition, as 1 have heard it
read, although I do not know that I have under-
stood it correctly. If I have, it is a proposition
from the Committee on Indian Affairs, to have a
map printed which shall exhibit the topography,
&c., of the country from 26° up to 54°, and from
the Mississippi westward. Now, that is exactly,
or at least in a great many of its features, the map
that has been prepared by the topographical bu-
reau accompanying the reports of these railroad
explorations. The routes have been already sur-
veyed, and the information sought obtained by
the Government. The House declined, the other
day, in the consideration of the deficiency bill,
to have that map printed at all. Had it been en-
graved on copper-plate, it would have been very
' easy to have copies of it multiplied ad infinitum;
and the map would have been accurate, as it was"
formed on your governmental survey. Now, the
proposition is to have a map of the same country
got up at the Indian bureau, and probably to
multiply the expense of these jobs. I am opposed
to it; and I think the best thing for the House to
do would be to reverse its steps, and if not, to
wait and see whether the Senate do not adhere
to its amendment to have the map printed in con-
nection with the railroad explorations. The In-
dian Committee, or any other committee, or any
intelligent man anywhere, can then look at the
map and tell all about the country.
Mr. PRINGLE. The preparation of this map,
as I understand it, will not require any groat deal
of labor or expense. It can be made from other
ipapy which ar#now in the Indian Department,
and will only require a little time. I do not
intend to have it engraved, but merely to have a
single map drawn for the accommodation of the
Indian Committee. It cannot entail any consid-
erable expense, and it would be a convenience to
the committee to have it. If the House be dis-
posed to give it to us, very well; if not, I think
its want will be no greater inconvenience to the
committee than it will be to the House. I ask
to have the resolution put upon its passage.
The question was taken; and the resolution was
agreed to.
Mr. QUITMAN, from the Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs, reported back House billlfNo. 13)
franting the right of way to the St. Louis and
ron Mountain railroad through the arsenal, mag-
- azine, and Jefferson barracks tracts; which was
referred to the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union, and ordered to be printed.
Also, from the same committee, a bill author-
izing the proceeds of the sales of the ordnance
buildings and site at Liberty, Missouri, to be
applied to the construction of an ordnance depot
at Port Leavenworth.
Mr. Q,. said: I hope the House will permit
. that bill to be put upon its passage. It is very
simple in its provisions, and is recommended by
the Department. It is simply to apply the pro-
' ceeds of the sale of Government property at
Liberty, Missouri, to the construction of an ord-
nance depot at Fort Leavenworth.
-The bill was read.
Mr. KELSE Y. I move that the bill be referred
to the Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union.
Mr. QUITMAN. I have a letter from the
War Department, which I ask to have read; and
I hope there will be no objection. If objection
be made, however, I shall not press the passage
of the bill at this time.
Mr. FAULKNER. I object to the reading,
unless it is proposed to put the bill on its passage.
Mr. PHELPS. I desire to say to the gentle-
68
man from Mississippi that my colleague [Mr.
Oliver] who represents the district in which this
arsenal is situated, is absent from .the city under
the order of the House. This is a question which
I do not understand, and in consequence of his
absence, I ask the gentleman from Mississippi to
allow the motion of the gentleman from New
York [Mr. Kelsey] to be adopted, and the bill to
be referred to'the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union. •
'Mr. QUITMAN. Under the circumstances
stated by the gentleman, I shall not oppose the
motion.
The bill was then referred to the Committee of
the Whole on the state of the Union, and ordered
to be printed.
JACOB DODSON.
Mr. QUITMAN, from the same committee,
reported back Senate bill (No. 79) for the relief
of Jacob Dodson.
Mr. CI. said: This is a very simple bill, and I
ask the unanimous consent of the House to put
it upon its passage. The reading of the bill will
explain it, and I hope there will be no objection.
The bill was then read. It provides that Jacob
Dodson—a colored man who, on the 7th day of
July, 1846, enlisted in the California battalion,
served through the war and was honorable dis-
charged—shall be paid the same amount of com-
pensation as he would have received if he had
been regularly mustered into the service of the
United States, deducting therefrom §281 paid him
by Colonel J. C. Fremont, for his services while
engaged in an exploring expedition.
Mr. QUITMAN. This bill came to us from
tKe Senate, and was referred to the Committee
on Military Affairs in this House, which com-
mittee have unanimously and promptly instructed
me to report it back without amendment, and to
recommend its passage. This colored man, when
labor was scarce, entered into the service of the
United States in California, and this bill simply
provides that he shall be paid the same compen-
sation that he would have received had he been
regularly enlisted. He received an honorable
discharge, but he could not be paid, because our
laws do not permit colored men to be mustered
into the service of the United States. He is an
honest man, and, as I understand, is now engaged
in some employment in the other end of the
Capitol.
The bill was then ordered to be read a third
time; and was, accordingly, read the third time
and passed.
Mr. QUITMAN, from the-same committee,
reported a bill for the relief of J. P. Hatch, of the
United States Army; which was read a first and
second time, referred to a Committee of the
Whole House, made the order of the day for
to-morrow, and, with the accompanying report,
ordered to be printed.
Mr. FAULKNER, from the same committee,
reported a bill for the relief of Jacob Price; which
was read a first and second time, referred to a
Committee of the Whole House, made the order
of the day for to-morrow, and, with the report,
ordered to be printed.
SALE OF MILITARY SITES.
Mr. FAULKNER, from the same committee,
reported back the bill of the House (No. 244) to
amend the act passed March 3, 1819, entitled an
"Act authorizing the sale of certain military si tes.''
Mr. P. said: I have been instructed by the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs to ask that the bill may
be put upon its passage at this time. If there be,
however, any ob jection to its immediate consid-
eration, I shall not insist upon it; but will move
that it may be referred to the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union. I ask that the
bill may be read. t
The bill was read. It provides that the act
passed the 3d of March, authorizing the sale of
certain military sites, shall be extended so as to
embrace military sites and reservations acquired
since the passage of that act.
Mr. HAVEN. I notice that the bill uses the
words1' sites and reservations." I would inquire
of t}ie ge^tlepian, whether the word "reserva-
tions" was employed in the original, act of 1819.?
Mr. FAULKNER.. The word reservation is
not in the aet of 1.819.
Mr. HAVEN. I ask the reason why it is in-
serted in this bill ? .
Mr. FAULKNER. To make tile law more ex-
plicit. I have been informed that the word "sites"
has been construed to .embrace , reservations.
This bill will remove all doubt on the subject. The
necessity for this act grows out of the opinion of a
former Attorney General of the United States, tc>
the effect that, under the act of 1819, the Secretary
of War was not authorized to make sale of any
sites which have been acquired by the Govern-
ment since that period, although the soundness
of that legal opinion may itself -admit of some
doubt. Stj.ll, to obviate all difficulty, it has been
thought proper to pass this amendatory act,.so ast
to enable the Secretary of War to make sale of
the military sites and reservations that have'beeit
acquired by the Government since 1819, in the
same manner as he is authorized by that act to
sell the sites and reservations then belonging to
the United States.
The effect of this law will be to prevent the fre-
quent applications to Congress, in special cases,
for the sale of military sites and reservations;
Mr. HAVEN. It was accidentally that I no-
ticed the term reservation, as used in the bill. It
occurred to me that there are sometimes very
large reservations of land around military points.
Such has been the case, I think, in Minnesota.
It may be the case m other Territories. Every-
body sees the obvious propriety of allowing the
sale of military sites. The sale of military reser-.
vations may be properly allowed; but if the reser-
vations are of a great extent of land, then that
land ought to lapse into the general domain, and
be governed by the laws generally applying to the
sale of the public lands. I am not particularly
interested in the matter, one -yay or the other; I
only desire to call the attention of the House t< 
it. If there are no reservations except very small
ones, then there can be no objection to the pro-
vision of the bill. If the reservation be to any
extent, then there ought to be some restriction.
Mr. WASHBURN* of Maine. I ask that the
bill may be again read, for I do not know but that
I have an amendment to offer.
The bill was again read.
Mr. HAVEN. I will make an additional re-
mark. Fort Armstrong is upon Rock Island.
The military reservation there, I am told, em-
braces many hundred acres. Some difficulty, I
understand, has already occurred in reference to
the sale of that land for corporation purposes. If
this bill is intended to roach such cases, and, for
the benefit of corporations, then we ought to
know something more about it. I mention this
instance without any desire to prjss objections
on the House to the bill one way or the other.
Mr. KELSEY. I move that the bill be referred
to the Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union.
The motion was agreed to; and the bill was,
accordingly, so referred.
Mr. BUFFINTON, from the Committee on
Military Affairs, reported a bill for the relief of
the Ie al representatives of Captain Joseph PI.
Wliipple; which was read a first and second time,
referred to a Committee of the Whole House,
and ordered to be printed.
PAYMENT FOR HORSES.
Mr. SAPP, from the Committee on Military
'Affairs, reported backabill to amend an " Aet to
provide for the payment of horses and other
property lost or destroyed in the military service
•of the United States," approved March 3,1849.
Mr. LINDLEY. Mr. Speaker, I hope there
will be no objection to putting the bill at once on
its passage. It was reported from the Commit-
tee on Military Affairs at the last session of Con-
gress, and would have become alaw if it had not
been for want of time to consider and act on it.
