914
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 15,
It is an amendment merely to the law of March
3, 1849. Its provisions are simple. They aim
to bring back-that law in its construction to what
was intended by Congress in its passage. It is
in fact a repeal of the instructions or construc-
tions of the Department in reference to the mode
of proving the loss of a horse.
The Department requires that such loss shall
be proved by the officer under whom the claimant
served. This bill provides that the proof may be
by such officer or two privates of the company.
I have conversed with several officers, and have
been uniformly told that privates of the company
would be more likely to know about such losses
than the commanding officer, who would hardly
recognize the claimant if brought before him,
much less know about the loss of his horse.
The law of 1849 provides:
" That if Shy payment has been made to any claimant
for the use and risk or for forage, after the death, lo^s, or
abandonment of the horse, said payment shall be deducted
from the value thereof, unless he tatisfied the paymaster at
the time he made the payment, or thereafter show by proof,
that he was remounted, in which case the deduction shall
only extend to tile time lie was on foot."
_ Now, although that law provides that deduc-
tions shall not be made if the claimant satisfied
the paymaster that he was remounted, the rule
of the Department requires it to be proved again
before it when the claim is presented. When
the soldier proves the loss of his horse for want
of forage, the Department presumes that he was
on foot from that time on, although he may have
satisfied the paymaster that he was remounted,
and though the law of 1849 says that shall be
sufficient. This bill then provides that such
settlement shall be conclusive of the fact. This
was evidently the intention of Congress; and the
law of 1849 would be amply sufficient but for the
rules of construction which are evidently in con-
flict with it. _ These arc the principal features of
the bill. It is only intended to do justice to those
soldiers who sustained these losses and who feel
aggrieved that they cannot get their pay when
there isalaw passed for t'ue purpose, and a claim
regularly proved and filed.
_ i hojie there will be no objection to putting the
bill on its passage now, and that it may pass.
The bill was reaci in extenso.
Mr. COBB, of Alabama. The bill is not gen-
eral enough; and, though I should like to amend
it, I will not move to do so for fear that it would be
fatal to the measure which provides for many, if
not all, of the meritorious cases. Many are left
oat which ought to be, and I hope soon will be,
provided for.
Mr. aUITMAN. I can inform the honorable
gentleman from Alabama that this bill has re-
ceived the careful and mature consideration of the
Committee on Military Affairs. There are a
variety of cases to which the principles of the
bill are applicable, and we have endeavored so to
guard the bill as to piuvent impositions upon the
G-overnment, and, at the same time, to cover all
those cases of losses incurred in the service, and
which the Government are bound to pay for, and
which have not been covered by previous legis-
lation, or by the construction which the Depart-
ment has placed upon it.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I move the
previous question upon the passage of the bill.
Mr. COBB: The chairman of the Committee
on Military Affairs informs the House that they
have carefully considered this subject. So did I
consider it two years ago, and came to the con-
clusion that it was right, but the bill does not so
tar enough.
Mr. MORGAN. I would inquire if it is in
order now to move to refer the bill to the Com-
mittee of tue "Whole on the state of the Union ?
The Si EAKER. It is not in order pendin°*
the call for the previous question, made by the
■ gentleman from Illinois.
Mr. STANTON. I move to lay the hill upon
the table; and upon that motion I demand the
yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
The question was taken; and the motion was
not agreed to.
The previous question was then seconded.
Mr. STANTON. I demand the yeas and
nay? uPon ordering the main question to be put.
ine yeas and nays were not ordered.
Mr. STANTON. . I ask for tellers upon.order-
ing the main question.
Tellers were not ordered.
The main question was then ordered to be put;
and being put, the bill was ordered to be engrossed
and read a third time.
Mr. STANTON. Mr. Speaker 
The SPEAKER. Will the gentleman state
for what purpose he rises.
Mr. STANTON. I rise for the purpose of
debating the question upon the passage of the
bill.
The SPEAKER. It is not in order, as the
House has ordered the bill to be engrossed, and
read a third time, which has not yet been done.
The bill being engrossed,it was then read the
third time. ' ,
Mr. SAPP. I demand the previous question
upon the passage of the bill.
Mr. G1DDINGS. Is it in order at this time
to move to reconsider the vote by which the bill
was ordered to be engrossed?
The SPEAKER. It is.
Mr. GIDDINGrS. Will my colleague make
that motion >
Mr. STANTON. I move to reconsider the
vote by which the bill was ordered to be engrossed
and read a third time.
Mr. ORR. I would inquire of the gentleman
if he voted in the affirmative ?
Mr. MORGAN. How can that be ascertained,
as there is no record of the vote?
Mr. STANTON. My motion is debatable, I
believe?
The SPEAKER. Pending the demand for the
previous question, it is not in order to debate a
motion to reconsider.
Mr. STANTON. I desire simply to say 
[Cries of'' Order 1 Order!'']
Mr. GIDDINGS. I rise toa question of order.
Before any motion was made, my colleague
moved to reconsider the vote by which the bill
was ordered to be engrossed and read a thii'd
time. That vote must now be taken, or it never
can be taken. There was a call for the previous
question, hut the demand was not seconded, nor
was the main question ordered to be put, when
my colleague moved to reconsider. Under those
circumstances I suppose my colleague is entitled
to the floor to discuss his motion.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Ohio
[Mr. Stantojt] addressed the Chair, and the
Chair recognized him, supposing that he was
about to ask for a division on the question of
ordering the bill to be engrossed and read a third
time. As he did not do that, the Chair addressed
to him an inquiry as to whatpurpose he rose, and
he replied that he rose to debate the bill. The
Chair replied that debate was not in order, inas-
much as the House had ordered the bill to be
read a third time, which had not been done.
Alter the bill was read a third time, the Chair
assigned the floor to the gentleman from Ohio,
[Mr. Sapp,] who reported the bill, who then
moved the previous question.
Mr. COX. I move to lay the motion to recon-
sider upon the table.
Mr. STANTON. I rise to a question of ordnr.
If I am in order in moving: to reconsider, and if
that question is debatable, I have the floor, and
the gentleman cannot take it from me and move
to^lay my motion upon the table.
The SPEAKER. The question of order as
raised, under the present circumstances of the
case, is simply, whether the motion to reconsider j
is debatable ? The Chair decides that it is not.
Mr. STANTON". There is no previous ques-
tion pending upon the motion to reconsider—
there is no previous question pending upon the
motion that the bill be engrossed and read a third
time, but there is a demand for the previous
question upon a future motion, which is to be
taken hereafter, and which is beyond the question
of reconsideration; and I submit that the demand
t for the previous question cannot cut off debate
1 upon a question that must be decided before the
! main question is ordered on the passage of the
bill.
The SPEAKER. The first question before the
House is, " Shall the bill pass?" upon which the
previous question has been called; and pending
that, the gentleman from Ohio moves to recon-
sider the vote by which the bill was ordered to
be engrossed and read a third time. The Chair
decides that the motion is not debatable. If the
House refuses to second the previous question,
the motion to reconsider will oe debatable.
The question recurring upon the motion to lay
upon the table,
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois, called for
tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs.Washburne,
of Illinois, and Walker were appointed.
The House was divided; and the tellers re-
ported—ayes 90, noes 27.
Mr. STANTON. I call for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were not ordered; and the
motion to reconsider was laid upon the table.
The previous question was then seconded, and
the main question ordered to be put.
The question being on the passage of the bill—
Mr. STANTON called for tne yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the affirmative—yeas 109, nays 36; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Allen, Ball, Barclay, Barksdale, Bell,
HendleyS. Bennett, Benson, Bocock, Boyce, Branch, Bren-
ton, Buffinton, Burnett, Cadwalader, James H. Campbell,
John P. Campbell, Caruthers, Chaffee, Clawson, Clingman,
Howell Cobb, Williamson R. W. Cobb, Colfax, Cox, Craw-
ford, Davidson, Henry Winter Davis, Denwr, Dowdell,
Edie, Eustis, Florence, Foster, Gilbert, Goode, Greenwood,
Herbert, Hoffman, Holloway, Thomas R. Horton, Jewett,
George W. Jones, Keitt, Kelly, Kennett, Kidwell, Knapp,
Knox, Kunkel, Lake, Lindley, Lumpkin, Samuel S. Mar-
shall, Maxwell, McCarty, McMulKn, Smith Miller, Mill-
waid, Murray, Noiton, Orr, Pame, Parker, Peck, Pelton,
Penninston, Pettit, Phelp-s, Porter, Powell, PringJe, Pur-
year, Quitman, Reade, Ready, Ritchie, Robbms, Ruffin,
Sage, Sapp, Savage, Scott, Seward, Shorter, William R.
Smith, Sneed, Stewart, Swope, Talbott, Thurston, Trippe,
Tyson, Valk, Wakeman, Walker, Warner, Cadwalader C.
Washburne, EilihuB. Washburne, Welch, Wells, Wheeler,
Whitney, Williams, Winslow, Wood, Woodruff, Wood-
worm, John V. Wright, and ZoJlicoffer—109.
NAYS—Messrs. Albright, Bingham, Bliss, Burlingame,
Ezia Clark, Cragin, Cumback, Damrell, Dean, Dodd,
Emiie, Flagler, Gidding-s, Harlan, Thomas L. Harris, Kel-
sey, Kniarht, Knowlton, Humphrey Marshall, MattPson,
Morgan, Mott, Nichols, Andiew Oliver, Perry, Pike, Sabin,
Simmons, Spinner, Stanton, Tappan, Trafton, Wade,
Waldron, Israel Washbuin, and Watson—36.
So the bill was passed.
Mr. SAPP moved to reconsider the vote just
taken, and also moved to lay the motion to re-
consider on the table; which latter motion was
agreed to.
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES, ETC. „
Mr. WASHBURNE, of "Wisconsin, from th«
Committee on Military Affairs, presented ad-
verse reports in the case of Daniel De M-oiville,
and in the case of Thomas Smithers; which were
severally laid on the table, and ordered to be
printed.
Mr. W. also, from the same committee, re-
ported a bill for the relief of the sureties of the
late Charles E. Jarvis, of the United States Army;
which was read a first and second time, referred
to the Committee of the Whole House, and or-
dered to be printed.
Mr. W. also, by unanimous consent, and in
pursuant of previous notice, introduced the fol-
lowing bills; which were severally read a first
and second time, and referred as indicated be-
low;
A bill to establish an additional land district in
the State of Wisconsin. Referred to the Commit-
the on Public Lands.
A bill authorizing the erection of a post office
and United States court room in the city of Madi-
son, State of Wisconsin. Referred to the Com-
mittee on the Post Office and Post Roads.
Mr. QJJITMAN, from the Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs, reported a bill for the relief of the
heirs of the late Colonel John Hardin; which was
read a first and second time, referred to the Com-
mittee of the Whole House, and ordered to be
printed.
franking privilege.
Mr. BARCLAY, by unanimous consent, in-
troduced the following resolution; which was
read, considered, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee on the Post Office and
Po>t Roads be, and are hereby, instructed to inquire into
the exped">iiry of modifying or abolishing the fiankmg
privilege; and report to this House by bill or otherwise.
Mr. HERBERT. I ask the consent of the
House to introduce a resolution for the purpose
of reference.
Mr. PENNINGTON. I object to everything
except the regular order of business.
