1788
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 28,
So the House refused to lay the resolution on
the table,
Mr HAVEN. Is the resolution amendable ?
The SPEAKER. It is.
Mr. HAVEN. Then I move to add to it this
further proviso:
Provided, That none of the money hereby appropriated
shall he used until the Secretary of the Treasury has con-
tracted for the completion of said work for the sums hereby
and heretofore appropriated.
It may be that the resolution is perfect as it is,
but by my amendment we can make it exactly
conform to the rule.
Mr. FULLER. I have no objection to that
amendment.
Mr. GOMINS. The resolution, as it is at
present, accords strictly with the recommenda-
tion of the Secretary of the Treasury,
Mr. WHITNEY. About two months ago, a
resolution calling on the Secretary of the Treas-
ury for information in reference to all the custom-
house contracts was introduced into, and passed
by, this House; and my object in rising is to in-
quire whether any reply has been made to that
resolution"?
The SPEAKER. The Chair is unable to an-
swer the gentleman further than by stating, that
every communication received from the Secretary
of the Treasury has been laid before the House,
and appropriately referred.
Mr. FULLER. I call for the previous ques-
tion.
The previous question was seconded; and the
main question was ordered to be put.
Mr. JOxYES, of Tennessee. Would it be in
order to insert m the amendment: " and the
money hereafter appropriated ?" [Great laugh-
ter.]
The SPEAKER. It would not, as the main
question has been oidered to be put.
The amendment was agreed to.
The resolution, as amended, was then ordered
to be read a third time; and it was accordingly
read the third time.
Mr. FULLER. I call for the previous ques-
tion 011 the passage of the resolution.
The previous question was seconded; and the
main question was then ordered to be put.
Mr. WHITNEY. I demand the yeas and
nays on the passage ofilie resolution.
f ile yea.-: and nays were nut ordered.
Mr. Jones. As i cannot gut my name on the
record against the resolution, 1 move that it be
laid on the table.
The question was taken; and the motion was
disagreed to.
The resolution was then passed.
Mr. FULLER moved to leconsiderthe vote by
which the resolution was passed;and also movvd
that the motion to reconsider be laid upon the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
TREATY WITH GREAT BRITAIN.
Mr. PENNINGTON. There is a bill reported
from the Committee on Foreign AfFaus which I
am very anxious that the House shall dispose of.
It is a bill (No. 73) to provide fov carrying into
effect the first article of the treaty between the
United States and her Majesty the Q,ueen of the
Unifed Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, of
the 15th day of June, 1856. Tins bill has been
referred to the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union, and on the 28th of Febiu.uy
last I moved to reconsider the vote by which the
biil was so referred. 1 ask that the motion be now
reconsidered, in order that the bill may be taken
up and put upon its passage.
Air. HOUSTON, is it in order now to move
that the rules be suspended, and that the House
resolve itself into the Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union?
The SPEAKER. It is in order.
Mr. HOUSTON. Then I submit that motion.
Mr. PENNINGTON, i hope the gentleman
from Alabama will not insist upon his motion
now,
Mr. HOUSTON, This is the only opportu-
nity that t can get to make the motion, and as it
is now in order I must insist upon it.
Mr. PENiNLNGTOIS. Then I hope the
House will vote it down.
The question was put; and on a division there
were—ayes74, noes 57.
Mr. CARLILE. I demand the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
So the motion was agreed to.
The rules were accordingly suspended; and
the House resolved itself into the Committee of
the Whole on the state of the Union, (Mr. Leiter
in the chair.)
ARMY APPROPRIATION BILL*
The committee proceeded to the consideration
of the bill (H. R. No. 153) making appropriations
for the support of the Army for the year ending
the 30th of June, 1857; the pending question be-
ing the'amendment of Mr. Lane to insert, after
line thirteen, the following provision:
That the Secretary of War be, and he is hereby, author-
ized and dhected to settle and pay all claims tor services
rendered by volunteers in the war with the Indians in the
Territories of Oreeon and Washington, m the years 1855
and 1855, called into serviee by tiie Governors of said Ter-
ritories, or by them received into seivice, according to the
muster-rolls, and at the rate of pay agreed upon for man
and horse, at the time they were mustered into service;
and that all volunteers who have rendered service and
been paid by the provisions of this act shall be entitled to
all the privileges and benefits of "An act m addition to
certain act*- granting bounty land to certain officers and sol-
diers who have been engaged in the military service of the
United State*," approved March 3, 1855.
Sec. 2. Jlitd be it further enacted, That the Secretary of
War be, and he is hereby, authorized and directed to ad-
just and settle, on just and equitable puncipies, all claims
lor subsistence, foiajre, medical stores, and expenditures,
as well a«< for all necessary and proper supplies furnished
for the piusecunon ot' said war, and that on such adjust-
ment the same shall bo paid out of any moneys in the Treas-
ury not otherwise appropriated.
The CHAIRMAN. The immediate question
is a point of order made, when the bill was last
under consideration, to the amendment offered
by the gentleman from Oregon. In the opinion
of the Chair, at leastaportion of that amendment
is out of order.
Mr. LANE. Will the Chair be kind enough
to designate those portions of the amendment
which lie regards out of order? And then 1 will
modify the amendment.
The CHAIRMAN. All that portion which
proposes to change existing laws, and all that
portion which proposes to extend the provisions
of the bounty land law to the soldiers engaged
in the Indian wars in Oregon and Washington.
Mr. LANE. Then I modify my amendment
by striking out all portions thereof having refer-
ence to the extension of the bounty land law to
the volunteers who served in those wars.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair decides that
the amendment is out of order in its present form,
and the Clnur cannot take upon himself the duty
of separating the proposition.
Mr. LANE. I propose to modify my amend-
ment by striking out ail that portion of the amend-
ment which has reference to extending the benefits
of the bounty land law to the volunteers in Ore-
gon, and the balance of it 1 oiler as an amendment.
Ati. CAMPBELL, of Ohio. I call for the
reading of the 81st rule.
The rule was read, and is as follows:
<k No appropriation shall he reported in such general ap-
propilatum lulls, or be in order a  an amendment theieto,
lor any expenditure not previously anthoiized by law,
unk^d in continuation of appropriations for such public
woikrf and objects as are aheady m progress, and for con-
tingencies for carrying on the several Departments of the
Government."
Mr. LANE. Mr. Chairman, the objection
will not apply to the amendment of mine. I will
not discuss it, but trust to the decision of the
; Chair in regard to it. I beg the committee at least
j to give me five minutes to make known the con-
| tition of that Territory.
J Mr.. HARLAN. 1 ask that the amendment
j as modified may be read.
i The amendment as modified was accordingly
| read. 3
j The CHAIRMAN. This amendment evident-
1 ly proposes to pay for the services of volunteers
i in the Indian war, which is not provided for by
| law. The Chair must therefore decide that the
I whole of this proposition is out of order.
Mr. LANE. I am at a loss *o know how to j
! g''t at this thing-, [f I have the right to take an
I appeal from the decision of the Chair, I will do
! so for the purpose of being heard five minutes.
Mr. TODD. 1 rise to a point of order. It is
not in the power of the Delegate from Oregon to
take an appeal from the decision of the Chair.
His privilege on this floor is limited to the right
of debate, and extends no further.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair is advised
that the question has been decided by the House,
that a Delegate has a right to make any motion,
except a motion to reconsider, and therefore he
has a. right to take an appeal.
Mr. HOUSTON. That is the universal prac-
tice.
Mr. LANE. I desire-to call the attention of
the committee for a few minutes to the condition
of that country, and to the justice of this claim on
the Congress of the United States for compensa-
tion for service rendered, and for the subsistence
of the troops in the field against the Indians. I
have in my hand a letter received by mail thi3
morning from Oregon, from one of the early set-
tlers in that country, Mr. F. B. Martin, a reliable
man, in which he says that, " since the first day
of last August, we have had upwards of three
hundred men, women, and children butchered in
cold blood by the Indians." Now, Mr. Chair-
man,! do notcomplain. I have never complained
of the large amount of time given here to the con-
sideration of Kansas affairs 
Mr. TODD, (interrupting.) I rise to a point
of order. The gentleman is not discussing the
appeal. He is discussing the merits of the Ore-
gon war.
Mr. LANE. If the gentleman desires to put
down the Territory of Oregon, a nd, to disregard its
condition and sufferings, and if he has the power
to do so, and the Chair so rules, let him.
The CHAIRMAN. The Delegate from Ore-
gon will confine himself to the proposition before
the committee, which is the question of appeal.
The gentleman can only proceed by the unani-
mous consent of the committee, the appeal not
being debatable.
Mr. COX. I understood the gentleman from
Ciregon to have asked the unanimous consent of
the committee to be heard on that proposition
five minutes. No objection was made, and the
gentleman proceeded. I think it is too late now
to raise the objection, and I think the gentleman
from Oregon ought to be permitted to go on.
The CHAIRMAN. That is now the recollec-
tion of the Chair—that the gentleman from Ore-
gon had the unanimous consent of the committee.
Mr. LANE. We have an Indian war, and
have had since last October, in Washington and
Oregon Territories, which has nearly devastated
the country. Numbers of our people have been
shot, and women and children have been butch-
ered. Our volunteers, by the requisition of the
regular officers, have been called into service.
They left their homes—their quiet and peaceful
homes, where they were safe—at a few hours'
notice—took the field, and remained in the field
from October till April, subsisting on horse-flesh
and water, without tea, coffee, or bread, for weeks
at a time. This they did for the purpose of de-
fending the country, and now they come asking
that they may be compensated for the services
which they rendered to the country. Will Con-
gress refuse the just claim of the people of Ore-
1 gon and Washington Territories ? Will Congress
refuse them a hearing here?
Not a moment of the time of Congress has been
devoted to the consideration of our claims on the
Government. I appeal to those gentlemen here—
are they determined to turn their backs on that
portion of the country, and refuse to those people
what they never refused to the people of any
portion of the country ? Are gentlemen here pre-
pared to say to the people of the Pacific coast
that they shall not be heard in Congress, and that
their sufferings and just claims will not be con-
sidered? Weeks of the time of Congress have
been devoted to the consideration of Kansas
affairs, and not an hour to the Territory of Ore-
gon. I regret that there has been difficulty in the
Territory of Kansas. The people of Oregon
have been a law-abiding, orderly people. They
have had no fighting among themselves; but the
savage foe rushed on the settlements, massacred
women and children in cold bold, and hundreds
of our people have been tortured, burned, and
murdered, without the privilege of a grave. Our
people have been called into service for the de-
fense of the country; and will this committee now
refuse to hear their claims, and to compensate
them for their services and outlay in defending
the settlements from the tomahawk and the scalp-
ing-knife of the savage? I ask leave to have
published a communication which I have received
