1856.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
ORDER OF BUSINESS—THE SPECIAL ORDER.
Mr. PHELPS. I move that the rules be sus-
pended, and that the House resolve itself into the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union. My object is to have the deficiency bill
taken up.
Mr. COBB, of Alabama, called for tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Phelps and
Morgan were appointed.
The question was taken; and the tellers reported
—ayes 83, noes 37.
So the motion was agreed to; and the House
accordingly resolved itself into the Committee of
the Whole on the state of the Union, (Mr. Nich-
ols in the chair,) the business in order being, by
special assignment of the House, the considera-
tion of the bill of the House (No. 71) making
appropriations for the current and contingent ex-
penses of the Indian department, and for fulfill-
ing treaty stipulations with the various Indian
tribes, for the year ending June 30, 1857.
Mr. PHELPS. I desire to proceed with the
consideration of the Senate amendments to the
deficiency bill; and, without making any question
of order, perhaps the easiest way to- dispose of
this matter will be to move that the special order
oe postponed until to-morrow. I submit that
motion. It is not debatable; and 1 will only remark
that, if the decision of the committee be in the
affirmative upon my motion, I shall follow it up
by a motion that the committee resume the con-
sideration of the amendments of the Senate to the
deficiency bill.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I do not wish to
interfere with the business of the gentleman from
Missouri who has charge of the deficiency bill;
but I submit this q^stion to the Chair: It is
true, that the general appropriation bills were
made the special order for to-day, and from day
to day until disposed of; but since you have
adopted the resolution making these special or-
ders, you have adopted a resolution terminating
the debate upon the deficiency bill, and ordering
the committee to vote upon the Senate amend-
ments and upon such amendments as may be
offered thereto, and to report their action to the
House. And, sir, I think that this order of the
House, made subsequent to the^ adoption of the
resolution making the special orders, is impera-
tive upon this committee, and supersedes the
special orders.
Mr. PHELPS. As the gentleman from Ten-
nessee has raised this question of order, I will
withdraw my motion to postpone to allow it to
be decided. I concur with the gentleman in the
opinion that the House having terminated the de-
bate upon the amendments of the Senate to the
deficiency bill, that is the first business in order
in this committee. I desire that the Clerk will
read the resolution making the special orders.
The resolution was read, as follows:
Resolved., That the bill making appropriations for the
current and contingent expenses of the Indian department,
and lor fulfilling tieaty stipulations with various Indian
tribes, for the year ending the 30th of June, 1857; that the
bill making appropriations for the consular and diplomatic
expenses of the Government for the year ending June 30,
1837 ; that tlie bill making appropriations for the support of
the Army for the year ending 30th of June, 1857; that the
bill making appiopriations for fortifications and other woiks
of defense, and lor repairs of barracks and quarters, for the
year ending the 30th of June, 1857; that the bill making
appiopuations for the legislative, executive, and judicial
expenses of the Government for the year ending the 30th of
June, 1857 ; that the bill makiiia appropriations for the naval
service for the year ending the 30th ot June, 1857; and that
the bill making appropriations for certain civil expenses of
the Government for the year ending the 30th of June, 1857,
be made the special oiderof the day for Tuesday, April 15,
1856, atone o'clock, p. m., to be'considered m the order
above-named; and that they continue to be tlie speeial order
of the day, at the same hour, for every day thereafter, (Mon-
days, Fridays, and Saturdays excepted,) till said bills shall
have been disposed of.
A Member. Now read the order terminating
debate upon the Senate amendments to the defi-
ciency bill.
The Clerk then read the latter clause of the
resolution, us follows:
And the committee shall then proceed to vote on such
amendments as may be pending, or offered to the same,
and ^hiill then repoit it to the House, with =,ueh amend-
ments as may have been agreed to by the committee.
Mr PHELPS. In a conflict between the two
orders, I think that the order closing debate, and
directing the committee to proceed to act on the
amendments of the Senate to thii deficiency bill,
and report its action on the same to the House,
0 verrides the order making the general appropria-
tion bills the special order from this day forward.
1 make these remarks because the gentleman from
Tennessee has made the point of order. My
only object is to expedite the transaction of busi-
ness, and not consume the entire day in the dis-
cussion of points of order.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. It must be sup-
posed that the House adopted the resolution term-
inating debate, and directing the committee to
vote on the amendments of the Senate, knowing
what it had already done in making the general
appropriation bills the special order for this time,
and intending that there should be no conflict.
Therefore, I think the last order made has prece-
dence.
If it be decided differently, then I submit the
question that the committee cannot postpone an
order of the House. In order to get clear of the
special order, if it be held that the amendments
of the Senate to the' deficiency bill do not take
precedence, we must go into the House, and
postpone it by a vote of the House.
Mr. STANTON. It seems to me that thepoint
presented by" the gentleman from Tennessee is a
most extraordinary one. I cannot understand
the resolution closing debate to amount to any-
thing, except, that when the House is in the Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union on
the amendments to the deficiency bill, it shall
proceed to vote on those amendments. That is
the whole of the order. It is not an order that
debate shall be closed one day or another. It is
not an order that, when in committee, there shall
be precedence for these amendments over all other
subjects. What has been our practice ?
Mr. CLINGMAN. Is this question debat-
able? 1 do not think that it is. Let us have the
question decided.
Mr. STANTON. I have only another word
to say in reply to rematks made on the other side.
Mr. CLINGMAN. 1 will press my objection,
then, when the gentleman has concluded.
Mr. STANTON. On Friday last we went
into a Committee of the Whole House on the
Private Calendar, because that course was in pur-
suance of a rule of the House. Here, now, we
have a special order that we shall, when in com-
mittee to-day, consider and act on the general
appropriation bills. It does seem to me that the
order closing debate can have nothing to do with
the lime when the amendments to the deficiency
bill shall be disposed of; and that the motion of
the gentleman from Missouri is the proper one.
I hold that it is not now in order for the commit-
tee to take up the amendments of the Senate to
the deficiency bill which were under considera-
tion.in committee yesterday. "
Mr. JOJNES, of Tennessee. I think it has
been universally held here, that when the com-
mittee is acting under an order closing debate, it
cannot la-"" aside one bill to take up another.
Mr. CLINGMAN." I make the point of order,
that debate is out of order.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. My recollec-
tion of the practice is different from that of the
gentleman from Tennessee.
The CHAIRMAN. The resolution termin-
ating debate on the amendments of the Senate to
the deficiency bill is in the usual form. Its effect
is merely to close debate OR these amendments,
and does not interfere with the special orders made
for this day. The Chair will state further, that he
will entertain the motion of the gentleman from
Missouri to postpone the consideration of the
special order until to-morrow. "He holds the
motion in order, and to sustain him might cite
precedents of the last Congress. -
Mr. COBB, of Georgia. Does the Chair enter-
tain in committee a motion to postpone?
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair does entertain
such a motion.
Mr. COBB. I do not think the committee ought
to fall into a wrong practice. I have no doubt the
Committee of the Whole have no power to post-
pone a special-order; and if the House acquiesces
m the ruling of the Chair, it will be bound to take
up the bills in the order in which they have been
set down in the resolution making them the spe-
cial order. But the passage of this deficiency bill
is important, and I apprehend that every gentle-
man sees it. The only way in which it can be
reached under the ruling of the Chair—and I am
not prepared to controvert that ruling—is for the
committee to rise and for tlie House to postpone
the special order until to-morrow, or some-Other
day. I think in the House the motion to post-
pone will be in ordqr. The House may, but I; ..
ao not think the committee can, postpone-a spe-
cial order. The House have control over the
subject; but being a special order I do not "think
that the committee has power to postpone it. "
Mr. CLINGMAN. I rise to a question of
order. I understand the Chair to decide that the
motion to postpone is in order, and I have no doubt
in accordance with precedents. If there be no
appeal from that decision,is debate now in order.?
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. " I appeal from the
decision of the Chair on the first pomt.
Mr. EDIE. Which made the special order,
the House or the committee?
The CHAIRMAN. The House.
Mr. EDIE. Then by what right does the
committee undertake to reverse the action of the
House ?
Cries of " Order!"
The CHAIRMAN. Debate is out of order.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. Whjt is the ques-
tion on which we are called to vote ?
The CHAIRMAN. The gentlemen from Ten'
nessee makes" the point of order, that by the
order closing debate on the amendments of the
Senate to the deficiency bill, those amendments
are now under consideration by the committee.
The Chair overrules that point, and decides ;that,
under the order of the House making the general
appropriation bills the special order for this day,
the Indian appropriation bill is first under consid-
eration. From that decision the gentleman from
Tennessee takes an appeal. The question is,
Shall the decision of the Chair stand as the judg-
ment of the committee ?
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. I call for
tellers.
Tellers were not ordered.
The question was taken; and the decision of
the Chair was sustained.
Mr. PHELPS. I ask that the question be now
put on my motion to postpone the special order
until to-morrow.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. If a majority of
the committee can postpone the special order to- ,
day, cannot a majority postpone it to-morrow,
and the next day, and so on, until the special
order amounts to nothing ?
[Cries of " Order !"]
The CHAIRMAN. Motions to postpone the
consideration of special orders were entertained
and sanctioned in the committee during the last
Congress; and the Chair holds that it is com-
petent for the Committee of the Whole to de-
termine the order of its own business.
Mr. MATTESON. Is it in order to postpone
the special order for a longer period than one
day ?
The CHAIRMAN. The motion most prop-
erlv in order at the present juncture, would be a
motion to postpone the special order, in order
that the committee may proceed to the considera-
tion of the amendments of the Senate to the
deficiency bill.
The question was taken; and the motion to
postpone was agreed to.
DEFICIENCY BILL.
Mr. PHELPS. I now move that the commit-
tee proceed to the consideration of the amend-
ments of the Senate to the deficiency bill.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr, COBB, of Alabama. There are several
other special orders for to-day which the com-
mittee will have to dispose of before they can take
up the amendments to the deficiency bill. But
they can be passed over by unanimous consent.
Mr. SEWARD. I object.
The CHAIRMAN. The pending question
is upon the amendment offered by the gentleman
from New York [Mr. Pringle] to the twenty-
sixth amendment of the Senate to the deficiency
bill, for continuing tl^e work on the Washington
aqueduct. . The amendment of the gentleman
from New York is to reduce the appropriation
five dollars.
Mr. SEWARD. Do I understand that all the
appropriation bills, which were the special order
for to-day, have been postponed under one gen-
eral motion? *
