1856.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
170
34th Cong.... 1st Sess.
Kansas Contested Election—Mr. Stephens.
Ho. or Reps.
setts, you will find that this is not the first time
extraordinary opinions have prevailed in that
State. If you will recur to the past history of
that State," you will find that judicial integrity,
piety,and mock-philanthropy, have run wild there
before the present times—when women were hung !
for the crime of sorcery, when men of standing, |
wearing the judicial ermine, when graduates of j
your colleges, sitting on the bench, have tried and ,
sentenced women to oe hung for the crime of witch- i
craft; and they thought they were doing God's !
service! Sir, this is a chip of the old block, with j
its energies directed in another channel. I
I say, Mr. Speaker, that I consider the princi-
ple announced by the Kansas and Nebraska bill
a beautiful, a magnificent principle. I believe that
the people of the Territories have the right to reg- :
ulate their own domestic institutions in their own
■way. I hoped that the Territory of Kansas would
have been left free to be settled as the other Ter-
ritories have been, that men would have gone
there of their own free will to make themselves
homes. Then, if they decided that they would
have universal freedom for all, let Congress in-
dorse it; or,if they said other institutions would
suit them, better for the present, still I would have
Congress indorse it—rox pomtli vox Dei. But it
seem&that other opinions anil other counsels have
prevailed.
It is charged that the citizens of Missouri did
go into the Territory of Kansas and control the j
elections. Well, sir, if that was true, there was
an organized government there to correct the mat-
ter. The Governor assumed to have the power ;
to decide the question of the legality of the elec- ;
ttons. Ifhehadnot, the Legislature certainly had. i
In my opinion, the Legislature possesses inherent '
power to determine in relation to the election of .
its own members. By universal law all legislative
bodies possess and exercise the power to judge
of the election and qualifications of their own
members. After this question has been determ-
ined, then, by the proper tribunal, shall we inter-
fere? Does this House possess appellate juris-
diction in reference to this matter?
Sir, these charges of fraud and violence have
been strewn broadcast. Itinerant lecturers have
traveled from northern and eastern cities, gone j
there post-haste, remained a week or so, listened j
credulously to old women's tales of gnomes and j
hobgoblins, of the wonderful doings of the won-
derful Missourians, and on their way back have
stopped at every town, telling of horrible outrages
ana the wrongs of Kansas,—without seeirig any
themselves,—in order to inflame the public mind.
Mr. Speaker, if an impartial tribunal can be
secured, I shall vote for this investigation. I
shall vote for it in order to ascertain whether any
wrong has been done, and, if any, that it may he
redressed. I love the great principle of political
equality and the sovereignty of the people which
is set forth in the Kansas-Nebraska act. Give
the people the power, and they will always do
the best with it; they will hastily amend any
great error into which they may be led. I wish
to see that great principle of popular sovereignty
protected as well against citizcns of any of the
States as from moneyed monopolies, millionaires
of the East, and itinerant fanatics. Let us obtain
information of the facts of the case. Let us 1
not look at them through darkened glasses, but
clearly. ;
Gentlemen say that the people of Massachu-
setts have a right to go to Kansas; that they may
go in companies and vote there. We all under-
stand this. We know that those emigrant aid
associations were got up for the purpose of control-
ling the institutions of Kansas. Suppose that, on
some great political question, the people of Ten-
nessee are nearly equally divided, and that one
hundred votes either way will make a decision;
suppose it was for the interest of Massachusetts j
that that question should be decided in a particular j
manner; suppose, further, that she incorporated
a moneyed institution, provided the means, and
had one hundred and ten voters sent in time to
control the election of Tennessee, would there be
any difference in the violation of the great prin-
ciple of popular sovereignty in that case from that
of the case of Kansas ? Is not the case as strong
where men go to a Territory in crowds to control
an election—to mold its domestic institutions—
and, when they have done this, return home-
wards? I appeal to members to decide the ques-
tion before them without bias or prejudice; to
determine whether or not the resolution for inves-
tigation shall pass on correct principles, and not
upon technicalities.
I am anxious, as I have already suggested, that
the principle of popular sovereignty shall be sus-
tained. I have no doubt that it was the intention
of Congress by the Kansas-Nebraska act to give
the people of the Territory the power to create
their own domestic institutions, and to protect
them in the exercise of that power. If the people
are liable now to an interference with the exercise
of this power, I hope an investigation may be
had, in order to ascertain the fact. If it be found
to be so, then, before the adjournment of this
session, I trust that amendment will be made to
the organic act, so that there will be hereafter
provision against such outside influence on the
territorial elections. For this purpose, and it
only, I shall vote for an investigation.
KANSAS CONTESTED ELECTION.
SPEECH OF HON. A. H. STEPHENS,
OF GEORGIA,
In the House of Representatives,
March II, 1856.
The Resolution from the Committee of Election* asking
fbr power to send for persons and papers in the Kansas Elec-
tion case being before the House for consideration—
Mr. STEPHENS said:
Mr. Speaker: It is not my desire to prolongthis
debate, nor do I expect to present any new points
on the merits of the question before the House. I
wish, and intend only in what I have to say, to en-
large upon and enforce some of the points made in
theminority report on your table. I wish, too, in
what I have to say, to have the ear of the House
rather than the ear of the country; not that I do not
want the country to hear what I say, but my main
object is to address myself this morning particu-
larly, especially, and emphatically, to the attention
of the House and upon the questions before us.
These, sir, are grave questions. They are ques-
tions involving principles of the first magnitude.
They are questions of a judicial as well as political
character of the highest order, far above the small
consideration of which of two men shall have a
seat as a Delegate here. In deciding them, we sit
not as legislators, but as judges. Our decision
upon this resolution, whatever it may be, will be
an important precedent in the future history of
this country. We should, therefore, not act with-
out due deliberation, careful reflection, and a full
understanding of the principles involved; and we
should also be stripped, as far as possible, of all
party bias and all political prejudice.
The proposition before us is one of an unusual
character. It is for this House to exercise one
of its extraordinary powers-, that is, the power to
send for persons and papers in a case before us,
sitting as a court judging of the qualifications,
election, and return of one who occupies a seat as
a territorial Delegate upon this floor. Now, sir, I
do not question the power of the House to exer-
cise the authority invoked. The gentleman on
my right from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Kunkel,] in
his remarks yesterday, spoke as if he thought
those of us who oppose the resolution now pend-
ing denied the power to send for persons and pa-
pers in cases of contested elections; and he cited
cases in which it has been done. On this point
I wish to be distinctly understood v I do not deny
the power in a proper case. Though no instance
of its exercise has occurred since the act of Con-
gress of 1851, regulating the mode of taking tes-
timony in cases of contests for seats here; and no
case need ever occur, as far as I can see, so long
as that law remains on the statute-book. Its pro-
visions are full and ample. But should the case
occur where it may be necessary, in order to get
proper and competent testimony to establish any
fact that the House can legitimately and properly
inquire into in such investigations, to send for per-
sons and papers, I do not question their power to
do it. What I maintain is, that the power can be
rightfully exercised only when it is done to pro-
cure testimony which is in itself relevant, perti-
nent, competent, and admissible, to prove such
facts as the House can properly consider and look
into. Nor do I wish to be undorstood as being
inclined in the slightest degree to oppose investi-
gation in this case to the fullest extent that can be
properly gone into by us. Within these limits,
I am in favor of the House taking the widest
range and greatest latitude of investigation. But
is the question before us such a one as would
allow a hearing of the testimony sought to be
obtained, even if it were at hand ? I think it is
not. It is to this point I now speak.
What, sir, is the character of the testimony
which is asked to be sent for? And what is the
object of it if obtained ? Sift the whole matter—get
rid of the rubbish—go through both reports; and
does not the real gist of this application amount
to this: The memorialist wishes witnesses sent
for to prove the invalidity of the law of a Terri-
: tory of the'United States, under which a sitting
Delegate was elected, on the ground that the
members of the Legislative Assembly of that Ter--
j ritory which passed it were not properly and
| legally elected. Is not this a fair statement of
the proposition as it now stands before us ? It
was to get this clear view of its merits before the
House that I moved, when it was here before, to
refer the proposition back to the committee, to
have their reasons and grounds for making it re-
ported to the House. We now have their reasons;
we now know what is their object; and have I
not stated it fully and fairly? Then, sir, is the
testimony competent if it were here? _ Mark you;
we sit as a court. Would it be admissible in the
trial of any cause in any court—in a criminal case,
for instance—to permit a party to offer evidence to
impeach the validity of the law under which the
accused was arraigned, by showing that the Le-
gislature that passed the law was not properly
elected and legally constituted ? The validity of a
law may be inquired into and judged of by a court,
on some grounds which might be stated. The
constitutionality of a law may be decided upon—
that I do not question—but never upon this ground.
: The rules governing all courts in passing upon
laws and construing statutes, I need not here state.
But no court, in judging of the validity of a statute
on any of the grounds they take cognizance of,
will ever allow an inquiry into the legality of the
^ election of the members of the Legislature that
passed it. No case can be found of this character
in the whole history of civil jurisprudence.
The reason courts of law will not allow Buch
inquiries to be made before them is, that the de-
cision of all such questions properly belongs to
another tribunal—to the Houses respectively of
the law-making power itself; and their decision,
when made, is considered as the judgment of a
! court of competent jurisdiction, which no other
j court will inquire into. And this House, sitting
[ as a court as it now does, cannot inquire into any
fact invalidating or impeaching the validity of"
j any law either of the United States, a State, or
' Territory, which any other court could not in-
quire into. I assert this as a principle that can-
not be successfully assailed. i call upon gentle-
men who occupy a contrary position to show a
case, if they can, in this or any other eountry,
where the validity of a law in any court of justice
was ever allowed to be impeached by inquiring
into the legality of the election of the members of
the Legislature that passed it. That is what wo
are now called upon to do; and that is what I
assert we have no right to do. Why, sir, it is a
fundamental maxim of the English law, laid
down by Sir Edward Coke, illustrated by Sir
William Blackstone, and enforcedly every writer
on the subject, both English and American, that
it is an inherent right"of the High Court of Par-
liament—from which, as a model, all our legisla-
tive parliamentary bodies have sprung—to settle
for itself all questions touching its own organiza-
tion; and when such questions are thus settled,
they cannot be inquired into elsewhere.
What is the question now before us? Under
that clause of the Constitution which secures to
this House the right and power to judge of the
qualifications, elections, and returns of those who
may be entitled to hold seats on this floor, we
have brought to our consideration the right of
the sitting Delegate of the Territory of Kansas.
Into his qualifications, election, ana return, we
