1856.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1789
from the people of Jackson county, setting forth
their grievances.
Leave was £ivcn.
The document is as follows:
-Memorial of the Citizens of southern Oregon.
To the honorable the Senate and House of Representatives
of the United States in Congress assembled :
Whereas, certain misstatements aud false reports have
been made in relation to the people of southern Oregon, and
the origin of the Indian war now existing in southern Ore-
gon, a& well as tiie manrer m which that war has been
conducted; and
Whereas, your memorialists, living and residing in south-
ern Oregon, have been misrepresented and calumniated by
the superintendent of Indian affairs for the Territory of
Oregon, wherein he charges as follows :
'•The present difficulty in southern Oregon is wholly
attributable to the acts of the whites. I cannot but leel it
is our duty to adopt such measures as will tend to secure
the lives of those Indians, and maintain the guarantees
secured by treaty stipulations. The future will piove that
this war lias been foieed upon the Indians against their will,
and that, too, by a set of icckle-ss vagabond®, tor pecuniary
and political object^, sanctioned by a numerous population,
who regard the Treasury of the United States as a legiti-
mate object ot plunder. The Indians m that distiiet have
been driven to desperation by arts of cruelty against their
people. Tieaties have been violated, and acts of baibanty
committed by those claiming to be citizens, that would dis-
grace the rao-it baibaious nations of the earth
Theiefore, your memorialises most respectfulIv submit
the conduct of the inhabitants m connection with the In-
dians, and the conduct of the Indians towards the whites,
since the treaty of 1853. that our acts may be placed before
the representatives of the people of the United States, as
ulso an intelligent public, that all may be able to form an
opinion, judging from the acts of the parties—confidently
believing that the light is guarantied to us by the Consti-
tution, as citizens of the United Status, to present a hncf
statement of fact-j, thereby enabling us to silence the tongue,
as well as the pen, of the calumniator.
On the 10th ot September, 1853, a treaty was made with
a poition of the Indians inhabiting sotithei n Oregon. Tlnec
emefs, Jo, Jun, and Sam, were the parties to tin* treaty.
They weie as-signed a reserve on the noith side of Kogue
river, at the Table Rock. Fort Lane, opposite the lescivc,
and on the south side of the river, was soon after located,
and United States troops stationed there, for the purpose,
we supposed, of protecting the white settlements from the
aggressions of the Indians, and also the protection of the
Indians from the abuse of the whites. An agent was placed
over the Indians located on the reserve, whoso duty it was
to attend to all cases ot complaint made for any violation
of the ticaty, or any misdemeanor or eiuno that might he
commuted by the Indians, or by the whites against the In-
dians.
It was but a short time after the treaty was made, that
two Indians weie charged with the muidcr of a Mi. Kvle.
They weie arie&ted.together with anothei Indian who had
been charged with committing a murder, which was one of
the causes of bringing on the war ot 1853. namely, ^Ir. Ed-
wards. Those three were indicted, tried, found &uilty, and
weie hung at Jacksonville, m Tebiuary, 1854. Soon aftei,
a white man. named Thompson, killed an Indian on Galiee
creek.about fifty mile*, fiom Jacksonville. 1I< was indicted
and arrested, but succeeded m making Ins escape, and leit
the countiy.
In Hie tall of 1854, the superintendent made a treaty with
Geoige and Lunpy, two chief-, who, with then people, occu-
pied a disfi u:t of couutiv on Rnjrue nvrr. some twenty-five
ot thutv nnles below the Table Rock icseive; al-o with
John, a chief of a lenmant of the Shasta Indians, men in-
habiting the countiy near the Applegate and lilinoi^rivers,
m the -outhvwstem pait of Jackson county, and admitting
the Cajiioi ma line. But John aud his people leallv belonged
in California. Tlnrce several bands were to be located on
the Table Rock reserve, and to receive a certain amount of
their annuity in supplies. They were on the receive but a
Phoit time, refusing to remain, as they alleged that the
supeiintendent had failed to furnish them with supplies.
A band oi Indians inhabiting the country near the forty-
second parallel of north latitude—the southern boundary
of Jackson county—with /yecTypw, as their chief, refused
to make a treat3, on any term-, and have continued, fiom
the time hostilities commenced in 1653 to the present, to
commit murdeis on all occasions when it was possible fur
them to do «o.
During the fall of 1858. the Indians killed a Mr. Phillips,
on Appiegate, and lobbed his house. The Indians who
committed tins offense escaped detection: but it was
learned that they belonged to John's bund.
Tiie supeiintendent also treated with a small band of In-
dians. whose chief was called Jake, who occupied a small
portion of countiy on  I>e south side of Rogue nvei, on
Butte creek. Those Indians weie placed on tiie reserve, but
would not remain there. The country they had occupied
wa> settled by whites, pimeipully laimers. The Indiansre-
nraned in the settlements, constantly annoying the settleis
by stealing horses, cattle, hogs, farming utensil*^ clothuur,
and piovk-ioti-: and often a hoi&e or cow would be shot. The
rmzens weie haias'-ed and oppressed beyond all reason;
but they did not commit any act of violence. At one tune,
two or three or them weie auested for stealing stock, but,
attcr remaining m custody a-hoit time, weie discharged on
habeas corpus, a* the settler*, became satisfied that it would
be useless to attempt to prosecute for all thefts. Those In-
dians would not remain upon the reseive, and their camps
were the common resou of all the Indians of the countiy
who weie bad or disposed to commit any offence. Then-
location was on the direct line of communication between
the reserve and the Klamath Lake Indians, east of the Cas-
cade mountains; also with the Indians located on the Kla-
math liver, in the vicinity of the Cave. The hitter have
always been hostile; yet at all timed they were passing md
repassing through the settlements, holding communication
with those who were friendly. This was for the purpose of
conveying away stolen property. Yet there was no act of
hostility or chastisement inflicted upon them by the set-
tlers, notwithstanding their many depredations and felonies.
In September, 1854, tne Indians murdered a Mr. Gage on
the Siskiyou mountain,and robbed his pack nam, and killed
a nurtiber of the mules. They were never punished fortius
o flense.
In the spring of 1855, a young man by the name of John
Miller shot an Indian. He was arrested, and indicted for
shooting with intent to kill, found guilty, and sentenced to
the penitentiary for two years. He is still in prison.
In May, 1855, John's Indians were roaming over the
country, robbing and stealing, when they murdered a Mr.
Hull, on Indian creek, and robbed his house. They were
puisued, and fled to the mountains, commenced an indis-
criminate attack upon the citizens, killing Philpot, Dyer,
and McCune, three peaceable citizens traveling along the
road, and a number of horses and cattle. They weie pur-
sued by Captain Smith, of Fort Lane, with his troops, and
a party of volunteers; but when the Indiansfound thattlffy
were too closely pursued, they came m, and gave them-
selves up lo the United States officers. Yet not one of those
muiderers were punished, nor were they given up, although
we aie satisfied that those whocommitted the murders were
the same Indians who surrendered to Captain Smith. They
lefused to go on the reserve, and were taken to the residence
of the Indian agent, immediately m the settlements of the
whites, and permitted to roam at pleasure, and commit
thefts almost daily. We would lespectf'ully refer you to
the report of the agent for the month of August, 1855.
In July, those same Indians, and that while located at
the agent's, ciossed the mountain to the Klamath, where
they killed some seventeen persons, and robbed the houses
of the slain of such property as they desired. A part of the
stolen piopeity was subsequently tound in their possession;
yet they were not arie&ted, nor could they be.
Ileie permit us to say, that notwithstanding the great
butciieiy and destruction of life, the settlers of southern
Oiegon did not commit any violent act towards the Indians.
Aud yet, these Indians were daily passing and repassing—
the olhcers at Fort Lane, for some cause, failing to arrest
the muiderers; and, m tact, only two of them have ever
been arrested.
In September, the Indians attacked a party of men who
were in pursuitof stolen property—killed one and wounded
two. A week or t\\ o later, two men wei e murdered on the
Siskiyou mountain—their oxen killed and wagons robbed.
The next day, another man was killed on Cottonwood.
For those murdeis there was no attempt at justification ;
nor was there any ctfort made to anest the guilty paities,
further than, when a murder was committed, an officer with
a small detachment of troops, was ordered liom Foit Lane
to the fccene of bloodshed. Sometimes they would reach
the place, but have been known to turnback before getting
there; and no effort, such as the importance of the oecur-
lences lequned, was made to airest the guilty Indians.
Yet, during the tunc these bloody massacres occurred, the
citizens remained quiet, and never attempted to ie->ott to
arms until the bodies of their fellow-citizens, mamrlcd m
the most shocking manner, were found almost daily, and
that, too, within the piecmcUof their homes and on the
mo-t traveled roads.
The military force stationed at Fort Lane failed to ex-
tend that protection whu-h would affoid security, or bring
to tual and punishment the guilty patties.
When the last-mentioned muiders were committed, the
pcipotiatois weie nailed to the Indian camps on Butte
creek, oi sufficiently ne.n to satisfy all that they had gone
tln'te to mingle with others, to pi event being recognized,
and avoid detection and arrest.
Alter having sufFeied tor two years the high-handed,
bold, and danng assassinations peipetrated by those des-
perate Indians, the citizens of Jackson county—well
knowing the state of alia us and the course of conduct
pursued by the Indians, and the utter impossibility of ar-
lestmg and punishing the guilty—demanded the surrender
of the muuleiers, which they refused to do.
Wc would here say, that the party who made the attack
on the camps of the guilty Indians, on Butte creek, on the
morning of the 8th of October, 1855, were not a set of
-reckless vagabonds;" but were settlers, fanners and
peaceablc, orderly citizens, who were compelled to this
course for self-protection. And we would also state, that
Major Lupton, who fell on that occasion, was a peaceable,
mild, and orderly gentleman—the repiesentative elect to
the Legislative Assembly, from this county, with a popula-
tion ot four or Ave thousand souls ; and that he wa- not in
command, as has been stated, but only acting as a piivate
citizen, to pievent the Indians fiom committing further
depredations on the settlers and unpioteeted inhabitants.
We hope reference maybe made to the repoit of the
Indian agent fin tin- di-tnct, for the months of August and
September, 1855, winch will, without any further evidence,
prove to a geneious public that the present war did not
have its ougin m the attack made on the 8th of October;
but that the suiroundmg country was in a state of war. so
tar as the Indians weie concerned, a1- early as lugu-t, 1855,
which was pioved by their indiscriminate acts of muider,
without being biought to an account.
We hope mat it will not be amis* here, to refer to the
charge that is preferred asramstus without any specmcdtions,
but m wholesale aspei.-iou—such a^, wThe piesent diffi-
culty in southern Oregon is wholly attiibutnble to the acts
of the whites. 1 cannot but feel that it is nm dutv to adopt
such measures as will tend to secure the lives of those
Indians, and maintain the guaiantee seeuted to them by
treaty stipulations The future will prove that tin*- war has
been* forced upon the Indians against their will.Your
memorialists would ask permission to state, that the first
chaige is of such a general natuie that it is impossible to
contradict it by the mtioduetion of sppcific occurences.
We therefoie most positively deny the ttuth of the ebatge,
and call upon the supeiintendent (or specifications. tn
answer to the second charge—we have never violated any
aiticle of trcatv stipulations; nor have wc wantonly and
without just cause, taken the life of an Indian, unless he
was found gumy. after a fair and unp.ntial trial, or was
killed while wewere acting in self-defense.
As early as May, 1855, the different bands inhabiting
southern Oregon, from the Umpqua to the Klamath, (with
the exception of Jo, Sam, and Jim's bands,) juel in grand
council, near the mouth of Applegate, and there remained
for weeks, in council; the result of which was, as told by a
friendly Indian, an arrangement for a simultaneous attack
upon all the settlements m Rogue River valley, during the
summer of 18o5; that nil the farms and houses were to be
set on fire on the same night. This plan was onlv procras-
tinated or prevented by the promptaction of the volunteers,
who pursued old John and his party, after the murder of
Hull, Philpot, Dyer, and McCune.
Again: ''And that, too, by a set of reckless vagabonds,
for pecuniary and political objects, sanctioned by a numer-
ous population, who regard the Tieasuryof the United
States as a legitimate object of plunder." We, your me-
morialists, would most respectfully state that we are the
population above referred to. We are farmers, mechanics,
merchants, traders, and miners, who have located m this
beautiful country for the purposp of making it the perma-
nent homes of ourselves and families. We have established
churches, school-houses, and public buddings, at as early a
period as that of any other new country. We are industri-
ous—reclaiming the wild, improving the country, and pro-
ducing all the great variety of supplies necessary for our
country, as well as extracting from the earth gold, one of
the principal sources of the wealth of the country.
We repeat that we are not "reckless vagabonds;" but
we arc pcaceable, orderly, law-abiding citizens ; we have
no pecuniary objects upon the Treasury of the United
States; on the contiary, the war has, to a great extent,
para!j zed the best interests of our country ; it has driven
the miner from his claim, the farmer from his field, the tra-
der from his post, and the importer from his tram; yes3 mil-
lions ot dollars would not place this country in-the same
prosperous condition that it would have been without war;
hundreds of our best citizens have left the country, in all
probability, never to return- Then we say, charging a motive
without specifying the acts, which emanate from it, is too
general for further reply. We therefore challenge our
persecutor to specification—and submit to the decision of a
generous public.
The last is a chaige that we feel bound to repel; but let
us state it: " And acts of barbarity committed by those
claiming to be citizens, that would disgrace the most bar-
barous nations of the earth !! "
How shall we reply to tiiis ? Can we enumerate or im-
agine ? Is the intellect of the enlightened mind of man
capable of repelling a chaige of this kind without specifica-
tions ? We are satisfied that the mind that conceived the
charge was both foolish and visionarv.
On the 8th of October, 1855, the inhabitants under the
command of Captain Hays made an attack upon the guilty
Indians, and some squaws by accident—not one was inten-
tionally hurt. The Indians, lushing to the affiay, com-
menced an indiscriminate massacre of men, women, and
children—killing some twenty persons on the 9th. The
position of the country and our settlements required the
united and energetic aid of the enure population to save
life and piotect pioperty. Within a few days a great many
persons were barbarously butchered, and thousands of dol-
lars' worth of property destroyed. To seeuie and protect
life and propeity, the colonel of%e militia of the ninth
regiment cdlled out all the available men, and as nearly as
possible, occupied the positions that would best protect the
lives and property of the people.
As soon a? the intelligence of the commencement of
open hostilities reached Governor Currey, he issued his
pioclamation calling lor volunteer companies. The num-
ber of companies authorized by the Governor were prompt-
ly musteied into service; and the mihtia, that hai been
called out for the protection of the country, were forthwith
discharged. Southern Oregon, notwithstanding the recent
commencement of the settlements, furnished men and
supplies hitherto unprecedented in a new country. Many,
leaving their homes and property unprotected, entered the
seivice, andj^emained for months, without returning to
their homes to piotect their property—thereby sacrificing,
in actual value, twice the amount that can ever be awarded
to them by a geneious Government—besides the perform-
ance of the most dangetous and arduous duties ever per-
formed bv man. Then, where is the pecuniary gain ? and
where the " plunder" of the public Tieasury? Was the
Mexican war a political war? Did men perform service
thme in defense of their country r and, if so, were they
b.Sided with asper-jjon, or did they obtain a high place in
the, affection*- of their countiymen ? If so, then, at some
subsequent day. may we be charged with political objeets
— but not till then. ^
We therefore pray that the representatives of the people,
m Congress assembled, may inquire into our conduct and
position in relation to the war; and if doubts shall exist,
appoint a committee, who^e duty it shall be to obtain evi-
dence, as they shall direct; and if it shall appear that we
have been misrepresented, that they may correct any false
impression that does now, or heieafter may exist, m rela-
tion to facts in the case. We have no fears of the most
rigid test, well knowing that we are not guilty, as charged j
but that not only ouiselves, but our families, our friends,
and our posterity, shall stand acquitted, do we ask to be
dischatged from this calumny.
Fraying that compensation may be awarded us, not only
in dollars and cents, but most particularly in the correction
of talse statements, under which we stand charged.
Mr. GIDPINGS. I rise to a question of order,
I and I hope the gentleman from Oregon will hear
j me. I suppose that the question now pending ia
j a question of order, and that the merits of this
claim are not before the committee.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair will advise
the gentleman from Ohio that the gentleman from
Oregon proceeded in this discussion by the unan-
imous consent of the committee.
Mr. JONES, of Ttiiucosee. The appeal is
not debatable under the fiye minutes' rule.
