im
THE CONGRESSIONAL' G'LOBE.
January 9,
■which ninety-three thousand foreigners may set-
tle an additional Representative on this floor—to
increase the political power of a section already
hostile to our institutions, and to concentrate that
power into the hands of native Free Soilers. So
well do the Free Soilers understand the operation
of this Know Nothing scheme, and the'advantages
which will accrue to them if the present pro-
gramme is executed, that I venture the prediction,
if a proposition was made to them to exclude
foreigners from our shores forever, they would
instantly reject it. With all their horror of the
domestic servitude of the black man, they have
no scruples of conscience in binding the white
man with the chains of political slavery. Our
black slaves make us money; their intended white
slaves will give them power, and with this power
they will in time rob us of our money. How,
then, can I, as a southern man, bound to my
home as a patriot, and entertaining these views,
give my vote for one who entertains principles
which directly sxibvert the institutions of the State
which I have the honor in part to represent?
Again: the perpetuity of the institution of sla-
very depends upon the South expanding com-
mensuratelywith the North. Large territories
at the North are rapidly ripening into States, and
where can the South expand but in the Catholic
direction? Cuba, Mexico, and Nicaragua are
each of this persuasion.
And again: the State-rights and State-sover-
eignty doctrines are essential to the preservation
of the institutions of the South. If the gentle-
man relies upon Congress to confer and regulate
the right of voting in the different States, his
premises will load him inevitably into consolida-
tion. If he expects the Legislatures of all the
States uniformly to extend the time required for
the enjoyment of the political right to vote, he
will surely rcckou without his host. If the Le-
gislatures of every State save one were so to
agree, that excepted State would have the strong-
est political reasons not to agree. The tide of
immigration would flow into the refusing State,
and would cause it soon to rival New York or
Pennsylvania in population, in wealth, and polit-
ical power.
These considerations, together with the fact that
the gentleman's party allegiance is so strong as
to cause him to vote against my colleague, [Mr.
Onr.,| forbid my casting my vote for him. Were
the naked question of slavery ;it. is-iuc, I believe
that tiio gentleman from Alabama would be as
true lo tin1 rights of bis constituents as any of us
are to our own. X do not distrust his patriotism,
but I do the tendency of his political princi-
ples.
Mr. CULLEN. I wish to make a single re-
mark. I should not have said a word in relation
to the honorable gentleman from Alabama [Mr.
Smith] had it not. been for the remarks just now
submitted to the House by the honorable gentle-
man from Souih Carolina, [Mr. iirooks.] He
said that we laid acquired territory from the
Catholics. Catholics! Does it follow that be-
cause we ae,quired Catholic territory we are
bound to people it with Catholics? Does it fol-
low that that large domain shall be given to them
for the propagation of a false religion' Is this
the doctrine to be taught in the American House
of IiepiesenUitnes? Why, sir, this is one of
the reasons for my vote for the honorable gentle-
man from Alabama.
1 will state hero that I indorse every word my
honorable friend from Alabama said the other
day on Catholicism. I go against the Catholics
in tolo. [Laughter.] 1 never will support them.
They are not "fit to be supported by Americans.
The people of the State from which 1 come look
on them with abhorrence. A Catholic priest a
short laiicago come among us. He was a stranger.
He taught the doctrine of purgatory. He let his
friends know that with money he could get the
poor souls out of purgatory. [Laughter.] Let
me tell the House a remarkable fact. After lie-
bad proclaimed that doctrine, an honorable gen-
tleman of the State of Delaware, and who at the
last election lan for Governor on the same ticket
with myself, declared that he ought to be egged!
[Laughter.] lie then got certificates from various
persons that the candidate of the American party
had declared that a Catholic priest ought to be
egged. They were sent into the county of New
Castle, where there area few Catholics; and let
me tell the House that every Catholic voted the
Democratic ticket.
I will ask my friend from Maryland whether
there ever "was a Catholic who supported an
American ticket ? They gave not only their votes
but their money to the Democratic party. I say
that there never was a Catholic who supported
the American ticket, and there never will be one.
Mr. MeMULLIN. "Were you not a Demo-
crat?
Mr. CULLEN. I have denounced them. I
have no affinity with that party in any shape. I
have, it is true, been a Democrat until recently.
I supported Mr. Pierce for the Presidency.
Mr. DAVIDSON. Did the gentleman from
Delaware state that the Catholics were inimical
to civil and religious liberty?
Mr. CULLEN. I never said any such thing.
I said that I would not support Catholics. I did
not say anything of their views. I vote against
the Catholics. I gave no reasons for doing so,
as I had not. the time. I want an opportunity to
define my position on that subject.
Mr. DAVIDSON. The gentleman assumes a
like position with the gentleman from Alabama,
[Mr. Smith.] Let me here, at the outset of the
discussion, for fear it may be considered that
T am recreant to the high trust confided to me by
as enlightened and intelligent a constituency as
there is in this vast and glorious Republic, that
I repel the intimation that the Catholic com-
munity is opposed to civil liberty. * My constit-
uency of the Catholic persuasion yield to none
in the love of liberty, and the defense of the
rights of the Constitution, and the liberties
guarantied by it. 1 wish gentlemen, when thoy
assert upon this floor that the Catholics are
opposed to civil and religious liberty, if they
please, to pass over the Catholics of Louisiana,
for they have proved themselves, by their acts,
which belong to the history of this country, and
which will descend to the remotest period of time,
that they stand by the Constitution, and by the
civil and religious liberties of this country. I
ask gentlemen, when they assert the want of
patriotism of their Catholic constituency, whether
they have ever heard of New Orleans, and the
i! 8tli of January, 1815, which was made glorious
' by those republicans, and I ask them who stood
hy that immortal man, General Jackson, when 
Mr. CULLEN. I wish to ask the gentleman
whether hi: is making allusion to anything which
I said? [Lauahter.]
Mr. DAVIDSON. Did you say you indorsed
Mr. Smith's sentiments ?
Mr. CULLEN. Not a word.
Mr. DAVIDSON. Then I desire this House
to understand that the gentleman does not indorse
the sentiments of the gentleman from Alabama.
I understood him, when 1 asked him a question,
to indorse the views of that gentleman; but, as
he now says he does not, I do not allude to him.
Out 1 desire it to be understood, by every man
upon this side of the House, that when the Cath-
olics of Louisiana are attacked I am prepared to
defend them. I vote no.
Mr. DOWDELL. Before proceeding to give
my vote, 1 desire to say a few words. 1 must
confess, as an American citizen, representing in
part a people who are sober, que t, and conserva-
tive, who love their country—a religious commu-
nity—I am exceedingly pained at the spectacle
winch has been presented to-night and for the
last weeks by the American House of Represent-
atives, ill the middle of the nineteenth century.
I am disposed to recur to the history of the past,
preeminently before my mind—when Rome was
burning, Nero was fiddling and dancing. To my
mind, merriment is altogether out of place anil
ill-timed. Now, sir, while this Bouse is indulg-
ing in tills spectacle of amusement—and I speak
kindly of it, fori suppose it is somewhat in the
spirit of passing away aa idle hour without the
prospect of an organization soon—-whilst in the
midst of laughter, we are standing upon a slum-
bering volcano. Upon out' borders, in the com-
mon torritoiy of this country, our people are
marshaling their fore.es to try the great question
as to whether they are able to govern themselves—
it may be with rifles in their hands. It becomes
us to "look, as patriots, seriously, soberly, these
grave questions in the face. It becomes us to
maintain that gravity duo to the consideration
of questions now being forced upon us, which
involve the peace and happiness of our people and
the permanence of our institutions. I have been
reminded b,y the ludicrous scenes witnessed here,
of a parallel to be found in a book entitled "Geor-
gia Scenes," which I read many years since.
It was penned by Judge Longstreet, formerly of
Georgia. Ned Brace, the hero of the story, hap-
pened in a city during the prevalence of a great
fire—the flames in red volumes were rising higher
and higher each moment—the people were run-
ning to and fro in great consternation—women
and children were screaming through the streets,
and the midnight fire-bells were sending out their
rapid and startling sounds, when Ned quietly
took his position on the side-walk. About this
time a large, old man, nearly out of breath, came
running by in great haste, whose home was
threatened with destruction perhaps, and was
abruptly stopped by Ned with the interrogatory :
" Sir, can you toll me where I can find Peleg Q..
C. Stone?" " Damn Peleg Q,. C. Stone! my
house is on fire !" was the impatient reply. Now,
sir, while the fire of civil war is threatening to be
kindled upon our borders, whose flames once
started may not be quenched until the temple of
our liberties is burnt up, and the last hope of hu-
manity for freedom is extinguished in the breast
of man, questions are propounded here quite as
impertinent at this time of danger, and calcula-
ted to provoke similar impatience, if not a similar
reply.
Sir, those questions about the extension of the
naturalization laws, and the " corrupting tenden-
cies of the Roman Catholic church,'' can bo de-
cided by our people, and wo shall have a decision
at the proper time; and I have no fear that any
party in this country opposed to religious liberty,
will ever be strong enough to control its legisla-
tion. I have no fear that the rights of our fel-
low-citizcns, native or adopted, or of those who
may hereafter emigrate to this country, will now be
infringed, or that the people of this country will
ever consent to be shackled by any party proposing
to interfere with the rights of conscience, or suffer
the avenues to citizenship, opened by the wisdom
and generosity of our republican fathers to their
oppressed and suffering neighbors across the
ocean, to be blocked up. We have no fear of
this—noneatall;our apprehensions in this regard
have been entirely removed, after witnessing the
election results of the last few months. A pro-
position to that effect I understood to have been
made by a small party—at least, whether so in-
tended or not, the inference from the platform
bid down was legitimate, and it embodied a
selfish principle which would, in my humble
judgment, if carried out, wither the prosperity
of this great and glorious American nation. Let
us ieflect for a moment. At an early period of
our history—yes, sir, during our great Revolution
which gave freedom to our continent, and the
hope of it to the world—when we were weak,
few in number, poor in purse, but of large and
liberal hearts—when we were unable to cope with
the nations of the earth without the aid of patriots
fiom other lands, wo threw open our doors, and
invited foreigners—yes, sir,Jorcigners, to come in
and partake with us the perils of defending our
libeltv. They generously responded to the invi-
tation, and the portrait which there graces our
walls [pointing to a portrait of La Payette] will
carry us back to the time when Prance sent out
her volunteers to fight side by side with Ameri-
cans for liberty, and the memory of that great
man, united m our affections with that of the
glorious Washington, will not be forgotten by a
free and grateful people, but tbe glory of their
joint deeds, common sufferings, and" common
struggles, will be tiansnntted to the remotest pos-
terity. When we were weak we invited them
in. They come: their bones whiten every battle
field, and their heroic deeds illuminate every
page, of our history. The same hope winch
cheered the heart of the American soldier filled
the breast of tbe Irish, the Scotch, the Piench,
the German, tbe Pole. Yes, sir—all, all fuught
for, many died for the blessings of liberty to
their children. Now, when we are strong—a
powerful people, population large, and an over-
sowing treasury—fully able, without the aid
of patriot foreigners, to take care of ourselves,
a portion of us arc disposed to say that they
shall not come in and be ci<i7ens upon equal
terms with us, on safe conditions. When we
