is m.
THE C03NPGRESSI0NAL GLOBE.
occupy broad and rich lands, capable, under-the
hand of industry, to yield food and clothing
enough to furnish the millions of earth; when we
have a population large enough, strong, intelli-
gent and moral enough, to assimulate all who come
under the natural law controlling emigration;
when we know that fcthey whose fathers fell by
the side of our fathers, are now bound down to
the earth under the iron heel of despotism, and
who pant for this land of promise as the " hart
panteth after the water brook," I ask, sir, shall
this magnanimous Republicat once ignore its duty
and its "destiny by closing the door against those
who knock so earnestly and entreatingly ? Never,
sir, by my consent. They are our brethren.
This earth is God's earth, and he who taught us to
love our neighbor will not forgive us if we do not.
He who said, "Thou shalt not vex the stranger;
thou shalt not oppress him in any wise: if you
do, and he cry unto me, 1 will hear his cry, and I
will kill you with the sword; yonr wives shall
bccome widows and your children orphans," will
not fail to avenge such wickedness. May we
continue the wise policy under which we have,
by the blessing of Providence, prospered so
largely, avert the curses whicli we should so richly
deserve for persecution and, proscription, and
make this nation what our fathers designed it—a
blessing to mankind—a house of refuge for the
oppressed—an asylum for the sufferers of earth!
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. DOWDELL. I wish to say, as there is
a question pending, which was by my colleague's
vote laid over until to-morrow, that I am indis-'
posed to allow a resolution upon the same basis to
take precedence, and therefore I shall vote 110.
O11 the name of Mr. Henry M. Fuller being
called, Mr. PENNINGTON announced that he
had paired off with that gentleman.
Mr. PAINE (on his name being called) said:
I bog to say to this House, that I offered the name
of the Hon. William R. Smith, of Alabama, as
temporary Chairman, without any consultation
with him, or with anybody else. I have neither
seen him before nor since I presented his name
to the House. I regret exceedingly I have placed
that gentleman in the situation which I have. He
may have felt some delicacy in defending himself
on this floor. I know that he is capable of defend-
ing nie better than I am of defending him. 1 shall
attempt no other defense of him than simply to
say that, in my humble opinion he has been mis-
conceived on this question. He asked the simple
question, "Where did the Roman Catholic clergy
ever appear on the side of freedom ?" As 1 under-
stand that gentleman, ho is as far from being in
favor of religious proscription as any man in this
House. He was willing that every man should
enjoy his religion and all the rights guarantied
to him under the Constitution; but he reserved
to himself that right which every freeman holds
most dear, of exercising the elective franchise in
the manner which seems best to himself, and
holding himself accountable to no human being,
but to God alone", for the manner in which he
exercises it. And that, sir, is the privilege of
every freeman of this country. Well, Mr. Clerk,
I now wish to test the sincerity of those gentle-
men who come here and say, that they have 110
feeling in their bosoms on this subject. I ask
one of them to answer me this question categoric-
ally—I ask whether any gentleman in this House
is willing to see the Government of these United
States and the Congress of the United States in
the hands of the Roman Catholics of this country?
I ask for an answer.
Mr. SANDIDGE. If the gentleman from North
Carolina will permit me, I'will, as representing a
Catholic constituency, say that I am not willing
to see this country in the hands of the Catholics,
nor am I willing to see it in the hands of any re-
ligious denomination whatever.
Mr. PAINE. Answer the question categoric-
ally.
Mr. EUSTIS. I will answer the gentleman
categorically, and say this, that I am willing to
see this country in the hands of the men whom
the people see fit to intrust it to, whether they be
Catholics or Protestants.
Mr. PAINE. Thatis not answering the ques-
tion. Who can prevent the Government going
into such hands as the people choose ?
Mr. EUSTIS. Well, if there are Catholics
enough in the United States to fill this Cqngress
with members of that faith, I am willing to see
that done.
Mr. McMULLIN. Will tlie gentleman from
North Carolina [Mr. Paine] allow me to ask him
one question ? ,
Mr. PAINE. I do notintendtohave anymore
of my time taken up. I have asked this question
to test the sincerity of men's hearts in relation to
this matter, and there is not a man of them to
respond to it categorically. They have said that
they were willing to see the Government and the
Congress in the hands ofthose to whom the people
confide it. In the name of God, is not that the
government of the people, and how can we pre-
vent it? But does not this show that gentlemen
cannot answer that question, and that they do not
know their own hearts ? I toll you, sir, that this
is a matter which enters into the private feelings,
however unwilling members may be to expose it.
These very gentlemen themselves would not trust
the government of the country and Congress in
the hands of Roman Catholics.
Mr. BOV/IE. Itis your intolerance alone, sir,
which would not.
Mr. PAINE. I have no religious intolerance
in my bosom.
Mr. BOWIE. Yes, you have, or your party
has.
Mr. PAINE. I am willing that men shall
worship their God as tliey please; but when the
question is put to me, "Whom will you select
to be your ruler or your Representative?" I shall
choose a man according as I feel inclined; and I
will not undertake to say that I would regard his
religious opinions if they were not incompatible
with liberty.
Mr. VALK (when his name was called) said:
I have not risen, Mr. Clerk, for the purpose of
making a speech, 01' of occupying the time of the
House more than a minute, if so long. The hon-
orable gentleman who addressed the House a
short time ago [Mr. Dowdeli] took occasion to
draw the attention of the House to the once living
embodiment of that portrait on my right, [that of
General La Fayette] referring to him as having
come to tins country and assisted in defending
her from foreign foes, and 111 rescuing her from
the dangers which then surrounded her. I frankly
and freely do honor to his memory. But the gen-
tleman from Alabama forgets, however, one re-
mark which fell from the hps of that man when
living. The words will be remembered by all
the gentlemen of the House who have read his-
tory to any advantage. He said: "If ever the
liberties of this country are destroyed it will be
by Catholic priests."
Mr. BOWIE. Sparks says that that is a lie.
Mr. VALK. And Washington told us to be-
ware of foreign influence. This cannot be denied
by gentlemen 011 tins floor.
Mr. DOWDELL. That is a garbled state-
ment, as I have read it.
Mr. BOWIE. Sparks says that any man who
asserts, that either George Washington or La
Fayette said that Catholics orforeigners were not
to be trusted was a liar, and did not say the truth.
I will show that.
Mr. KELLY. I should like to explain my
vote.
The CLERIC. The Clerk would remind the
gentleman from New York that it is too late. He
can proceed, however, if no objection is made.
[Loud cries of " Object!"]
Mr. BOWIE. Wlio objects?
Mr. BINGHAM. I object.
Mr. BOWIE. Let the fact be noted that Mr.
Bingham objects.
Mr. KELLY. Does the Clerk decide that I
am not in order ?
The CLERK. The Clerk makes no decision,
but merely suggests to the gentleman that he
should defer his remarks until the result of the
vote is announced. Objection is made at present.
The result of the vote was then announced as
above recorded.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine, obtained the
floor.
Mr. PENNINGTON. I move that the gen-
tleman from New York, [Mr. Kelly,] have leave
to explain his vote, and I do so because the
gentleman is a Catholic, and the only one of that
faith, I believe, upon this floor. I think that
under the circumstances it would be only common
courtesy to hear him. [Loud cries of " Hear
him."] ■ 1
Mr. BOWIE. Oil! hear him:; he is the only
Catholic here. - -
The GLERK. Does the gentleman from
Maine give way, in order-to permit the gentleman
from New York to be heard?
Mr. WASHBURN. I will yield to the gen-
tleman for ten minutes. ■ -- - .
The CLERK. Then if there be no objection
the gentleman from New York will proceed far
ten minutes.
No objection was made.
Mr. KELLY. I am aware, Mr. Clerk, that
it is very improper to bring religious matters into
legislative bodies at all, but when I hear such re-
marks as have fallen from the intelligent gentle-
man who has just spoken, I feel that it becomes
me, as a member of that religious body which
that gentleman has been assailing, to say some-
thing, at least, in its defense.
The accusation is made here, that the Catholic
religion is dangerous to the institutions of this
Republic. Sir, I am aware that no man possessed
of any intelligence at all would give any weight
to a charge of that sort. When have the Cath-
olic clergy urged upon their flocks to support par-
ticular individuals for office ? When have they
from their pulpits urged their congregations to
support particular measures, or to vote for par-
ticular men? There is not, in the history of this
country, an instance in which the Catholic clergy
have so acted; but can the same be said of other
religious denominations in this country ? In the
eastern portion of this Union you will frequently
find ministers from their altars invoking their
flocks to vote for measures which interest them
and the section of the Union to which they be-
long. Now, Mr. Clerk, I am a Catholic, and I
love this Union. I defy any man in this Con-
gress to say that lie is a better citizen, or more
devoted to the true interests of this Union, than
I am. This is not only my sentiment, but it is
the sentiment of the religious sect to which I
belong. It is the sentiment of our priesthood.
I let the accusation, that the Catholic religion
is dangerous to our beloved country, go for what
it is worth; for I am satisfied that no sane man
would make such an assertion. This charge ^
has been frequently made since we first met here.
When my colleague [Mr. Valk] made several
charges against the Catholic religion, I had not
an opportunity to say one word in reply; but,
sir, I am surprised that the gentleman from Long
Island—a man of intelligence and a Christian, as
I take him to be—should get up upon this floor
and denounce his fellow Christians because he
differs from them in opinion upon religious ques-
tions.
Mr. VALK. I beg pardon of the gentleman,
I have not denounced my fellow Christians upon
this floor, and he knows I have not.
Mr. KELLY. I understood that you did.
Mr. VALK. That is your interpretation, and
not mine.
Mr. KELLY. The gentleman from North
Carolina [Mr. Paine] asks, would you like to
see this Government in the hands of the Cath-
olic people? Suppose that it was in the hands of
the Catholic people, have the Catholic people of
this Union ever been false to its true interests ?
Why, sir, look at the early history of our coun-
try, and look to that State which borders upon
this District—a Catholic community whicli ex-
tended a liberality to all other religions whicli did
not exist in other colonies at that time. While
Calvert (Lord Baltimore) was founding a free
colony there, religious persecution was going on
in other colonics; and when they were persecuted
in other colonies, where did they go that they
might worship God according to the dictates of
their own consciences ? They came to the Catholic
colony of Maryland. These are the Catholic peo-
ple to whom the honorable gentleman from Ala-
bama has referred. And, sir, such is the history
of the Catholic people in this country, and such
has it ever been. These people, when they leave
their homes in Germany, in Ireland, or in what-
ever country they may be found, and come here,
it is to make this country their home. They im-
bibe the spirit of true patriotism before they leave
the Old World. They come here with their
brothers, their sisters, and their fathers, because
they-can here enjoy their liberty. And tell me,
