1856.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
917
readers might regard as doubtful. I would, there-
fore, as far as possible, avoid the exercise of any
power W legislation which would for any purpose
extend our legislation for the seat of Government
beyond the limits of the District. This is especi-
ally the case like the present, where a future con-
flict of jurisdiction with the State of Maryland
would not be altogether impossible.
t regret that I am on this ground, as a strict
constructionist on constitutional questions, com-
pelled to change my view of the subject,and vote
against the proposed appropriation. I regret it
the more, as I am unable to concur in the views
of other gentlemen by whom it has been opposed.
Most of them have argued the question as if the
supply of water was needed merely for domestic
use in dwelling-houses. The supply of a flow of
water under such a head as thoroughly -to cleansa
the channels of the public avenues, is essential
to the health of a great city. "Without it pesti-
lence probably cannot be avoided. Upon its in-
dispensable necessity for the extinguishment of
fires, and limiting the extent of conflagration, I
spoke when I last addressed the House. My sole
reason for my intended vote is founded on the
conviction that the plan of the work ought not to
have been so extended as to require the purchase
of land out of the District. I am censurable for not
having fully informed myself on the subject, and
ascertained the fact on which my present objec-
tion depends, before I addressed the House when
this matter wasformerly under consideration. I
have therefore to apologize for having occupied
the time of the House on that as well as on the
present occasion.
Mr. COBB, of Georgia. In rising to oppose
this amendment, I do it for the purpose of uniting
with the gentlcmaiij£rom Missouri [Mr. Phelps]
in appealing to the committee to come to a vote
upon this question, and not to consume anymore
time upon this amendment, but proceed at once
to the consideration of the other Senate amend-
ments to this bill. I now give notice that I shall
raise a question of order upon every amendment
that is offered to this clause, proposing to alter
the amount. The committee has already, by the
amendment of the gentleman from Kentucky,
[Mr. Marshall,] stricken out the $300,000 in the
Senate's amendment, and inserted another sum.
Several Members. Oh, no.
Mr. COBB. 1 so understood it.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman from Geor-
gia is mistaken. The amount has not been
changed.
Mr. COBB. Well, sir, I trust, then, that this
appeal will -be responded to by the committee.
Why, sir, the committee is weary of this debate.
Members are not listened to; and if they will con-
tinue to make speeches to go out to the country
upon this subject, I desire that the information
shall at the same time go to the country, that
their speeches are not listened to by the House.
I trust the committee will come to a vote upon
this proposition, so that we may go on and dis-
pose of the other amendments to the bill, and to-
morrow take up the special order and proceed
with it.
Mr. Cadwai.ader's amendment to the amend-
ment was not agreed to.
Mr. SAPP. I do not wish to make any re-
marks, but I desire to offer an amendment. I
move to strike out the whole item, and to insert
the following in lieu thereof:
Whereas, tile sum of tin ee hundred and fifty-five thou-
sand dollars has already bepn expended on the Washington
aqueduct, and the fuitiier sum of three hundred thousand
is now asked to supply <i deficiency m the appropiiation for
the present'fiscal year, independent of one million of dol-
lars asked for the ne.\t fiscal ye.tr. without any data by
which to legislate advisedlron the true cliaractei, eost, and
maintenance of this work when completed, and without
which further appropriations should not he made and ex-
pended ; and that the Committees of the Senate and Ilou^e
of Kepiesentatives on the District of Columbia be. and
they ate hereby, authorised and instructed to employ two
competent and expetienced civil engineers to examine
caiefniiythe site of the etitite aqueduct, plan, and work,
thus tar executed, and report at the earliest possible day—
First. The capacity of the aqueduct as compared with
the Croton aqueduct.
Second. The cost, embracing every matter and thing
necessaiy to its completion, including the distribution of
the entire volume (tluoughout the city) which it is esti-
mated to deliver.
Thud. The peimaneneyand efficiency of the entire work,
and theco-t oiits maintenance annually,when completed;
ami lastly, whether the picsent or prospective wants of the
public grounds and buildings, and the city of Washington,
warrant a work ol such magnitude; and whether all that is
desiraMe cannot be accomplished by other more permanent
and reliable, for one fifth of the cost of the present plan.
Mr. H. MARSHALL. I rise to a question
of order. It certainly is not in order to insert that
preamble and resolution as an amendment to the
proposition under consideration.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair decides that
the amendment is out of order.
The question recurred upon the adoption of the
Senate amendment as amended.
Mr. PHELPS. I call for tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs Phelps and
Ball were appointed.
The question was taken'; and the tellers reported
—ayes 47, noes not counted.
So the amendment as amended was disagreed
to.
The twenty-seventh amendment of the Senate
was next reported, as follows:
For rebuilding the Franklin engine -house in Washing-
ton city, including the purchase of a suitable lot therefor,
under the direction of the Commissioner of Public Bmld-
ings, $5,000.
Mr. PHELPS. The Committee of "Ways and
Means recommend a non-concurrence in the
amendment, for the reason that it is not a defi-
ciency.
Mr. BALL. My" attention has been called to
this subject as a member of the Committee on
Public Efaildirigs and Grounds; and the facts, as
I have ascertained them, are these: at the last
Congress an appropriation of some five or six
hundred dollars was made for the purpose of im-
proving the reservation of ground upon which the
Franklin engine-house is erected—planting it with
trees and shrubs, and inclosing it as other reser-
vations in the city are inclosed. The engine-
house was constructed by the Government some
years ago. In the provision for the removal of the
house, and the improvement of the re'sorvation,
there was no appropriation for the erection of the
engine-house at some other place. This appro-
priation is to carry out the one made at the last
session. Without saying whether this provision
ought or ought not to pass, I merely make this
statement.
Mr. FLORENCE. I move to increase the ap-
propriation one dollar. Mr. Chairman, I move
that amendment pro forma, so that I may, in some
degree, inform the committee with reference to
the condition of the reservation upon which the
Franklin engine-house is erected. The company
having charge of the apparatus kept in this
engine-house, formerly occupied ahouse situated
between the Executive Mansion and the State
Department; but, in consequence of the unavoid-
able disturbance occasioned by lire or alarms
of fire, it was deemed necessary to remove the
location of the house to where it is at present.
At the last session of Congress an appropriation
was made to remove the engine-house, and to
improve the reservation upon which it is located,
without, however, any provision for the building
of a house anywhere else. The object of having
a fire company in that neighborhood is to protect
from fire the President's house and the State and
Treasury Departments. The young men who
compose this voluntary fire association have, in
many instances, by their energetic and praise-
worthy endeavors, saved a vast amount of prop-
erty in the city from destruction by fire; and they
now ask that, in order to continue their services,
an appropriation may be made for the building of
a house for their fire apparatus in some other place
than the present one.
It is due to these men who give their services
without pay for the protection of the public build-
ings here, that they should be furnished with
proper housing for their apparatus. It would be
hard indeed, if, after they have been the means of
so much good, they should be turned out of doors.
Everybody who has been connected with one of
these'voluntccr associations knows the pride with
which the house and apparatus belonging to it are
viewed by the members. The apparatus in the
charge of this company ought to be protected.
It is the property of the Government. Those
who were m this city when this Capitol was on
fire- will bear testimony to the active zeal which
characterized the services of the firemen. I have
no hesitation in stating it as my belief, that, be-
cause of the scarcity of water existing here—a
scarcity which to-day I desired to have remedied,
and in "its place to have provided for Washington
an abundance of water™if it had not been for the
manual labor of these firemen jn carrying "water
from the ponds in this vicinity^ the whole building"
would have been wrapped m devouring flames.
Too much praise cannot be given to. these young
men who compose .the volunteer fire associations
of this city to protect its inhabitants again&t de-
vastations by fire. I ask now that the committee
wili listen attentively to the reading of thelgtter
from the Secretary of the Interior, which I send
to the Clerk's desk.
The Clerk read1 the letter, as follows:
Department op the Interior, March 17,1855.
Sir: I Jhave the honor to acknowledge the receipt of
your communication of the 15th instant, inclosing a petition
presented to your committee hy and in behalf of the Franklin
Engine Company, asking that arrangements be made for the
accommodation of the engine and .apparatus of that com-
pany before the house in which tjie sajne are now kept is
taken down, in pursuance of the act of 3d March last, ami
in reply, to say that, in the view of this Department, the
application is one which should be received with" favor.
The engine intrusted to the care of that company belongs,
as I am advised, to the Government, having been purchased
for the protection of the public buildings situated m the
immediate vicinity of the house in which it is kept. Those
buildings, with the exception of that occupied by the Treas-
ury Department, not being fire-proof, are constantly in.
danger of being deployed, and the necessity of hiving &
well organized fire company within a convenient distance,
is very urgent. It is well known that the members of the
company now organized receive no compensation for their
services. It is a voluntary association, and as such it is
understood to be willing to render suclv service as may be
required ofit, asking only suitable accommodations f<?r the
safe-keeping of the apparatus in their custody. These
should be furnished, and I therefore respectfully recommend
that the following appropriation be made for that purpose :
For rebuilding the Franklin engine-house, including the
purchase of a suitable lot therefor, under the direction of
the Commissioner of Public Buildings, $5,000.
The papers inclosed in your letter are herewith returned.
I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient
servant, * R. McCLELLANu, Secretary.
Hon. A, G. Brown, Chairman of the Committee onlhe Dis-
trict of Columbia, United States Senate.
Mr. FLORENCE, by general consent, then
withdrew his amendment.
Mr. STANTON. I move to reduce the appro-
priation $1,000. I offer the amendment for the
purpose of making an inquiry or two of the
chairman of the Committee on Public Build-
ings and Grounds. I should be glad to have some
sort of limitation placed upon the expenditures
out of the .public Treasury for the benefit of this
city; and District. I want to know how many-
engines and engine-houses are owned by the
Government, and to what extent the Government
has made appropriations for the fire department
of this city ?
Mr. BALL. I have no means of answering
the gentleman's inquiries.
Mr. STANTON. Unless somebody can tell
me why it is that the national Treasury should be
taxed with the expense of sustaining the fire de-
partment, its engines and its engine-houses for the
entire city, I am not disposed to adopt any such
amendment as this. I wantinformation to show
how it is, and why it is, that we are properly
chargeable with the expense of this particular
engine and this particular engine-house. If the
fire departmentof this city,the streets, the fount-
ains, and the squares, are all to be a tax upon
the national Treasury, I want to know it. We
ought to have some information, and we ought
to have some limitation placed upon the extent
to which these appropriations are to be asked for
from the national Treasury.
1 am willing to go to any reasonable extent in
making appropriations to protect the public prop-
erty; but I want to know whetherwe are to defray
from the national Treasury the entire municipal
expenses of this cify?
Mr. FLORENCE. I understood the gentle-
man to inquire whether the Government owned
any other engine-houses.
Mr. STANTON. I did.
Mr. FLORENCE. I answer that they also
own this one near the Capitol, and the engine-
house near the navy-yard, and the object of the
Government in organizing these companies, was
to give them apparatus with a view to protect the
public property situated in their immediate vicin-
ity. There are in«all some four or five engine-
houses owned by the Government.
Mr. STANTON. Another inquiry: are there
any owned by the city ?
Mr. FLORENCE. I do not know whether
there are any owned by the city. There are sev-
eral owned by complies. I know there ere some
