1856.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
181
34th Cong....1st Sess.
Kansas Contested Election—Mr. Stephens.
Ho. of Reps.
composing the House of Representatives of Kan-
sas, ne, as Governor, claiming the right to judge
of this matter, did judicially, and not ministerially,
award certificates to seventeen of these members,
as having been duly and properly elected on the
30th March, in pursuance of his proclamation duly
and legally made. And like certificates he gave to
ten out of the thirteen members composing, the
Council. Thus a large majority of both branches
of the Legislature were adj udged by him to be duly
chosen and returned members thereof—members
■whose election, he now says, was carried by an
invasion, and that they held the places which he
assigned them by nothing but usurpation ! I am
not now upon the question of his estoppel; I am
considering the question of his right to judge, and,
in that view, the effect of his judicial judgment
rendered in the case. Keep in mind that, upon
every question before any tribunal which has the
sole and absolute right to judge in the matter,
wh'en the final judgment is rendered, it is forever
couclusive upon the points embraced in it. Elec-
tions were held in May, by order of the Governor,
to fill the places of the nine members and six
councilmen rejected by him at the March election.
To those elected in May to fill those places he
gave like certificates. Every man who took his
seat in the Legislature at its organization was
adjudged and certified by the Governor to be en-
titled to it. The Legislature, therefore, if the
Governor had the right to judge, was legitimately :
and legally constituted; and their claims to be
recognized as the proper law-making power of
the Territory rests not upon bare assumption or
usurpation. And, on the other hand, if the Houses
had the right to settle these questions touching
their organization, the result is the same; for they,
too, settled the question the same way as to the
original seventeen members of the House and ten
councilmen, and their judgment must be conclu-
sive upon the fact that a majority of both Houses
were properly constituted. In either view, there-
fore, we may take as to the hands in which this
power of judging was lodged, the question is a
closed one; it is res adjudicates, ana we have no ,
right now to open it. I repeat, I am not now
upon the point of Reeder's individual or personal
estoppel in law. What I affirm is, that this ques-
tion, from admitted facts, is closed; judgment has
been rendered, and there is no appellate jurisdic- j
tion in this House, nor in any other tribunal. We
can no more open this question than we can that
of the proper organization of any State Legisla-
ture.
The gentleman on my right to whom I have
alluded, [Mr. Kunkel,] said, in the course of his
remarks yesterday, that we, this House, have got
a right to go, and have often gone, into an inquiry
into the validity of the laws of the States in judg-
ing of elections to this House. Sir, I do not deny ,
this. I admit that we may pass upon and judge
of the validity of any law coming before us in ;
such cases, just as any court may do, and upon
just such grounds and such grounds only as courts
may properly do. The grounds upon which this
inquiry is sought courts will never inquire into,
and we have no right to do it. There are some
matters touching legislation and the rules govern-
ing the law-making power which must be consid-
ered as closed; and when judgment is rendered
in them it must stand until the great day of judg- ;
ttient. • j
Mr. SIMMONS. Will the gentleman allow
me to ask him a question ? !
Mr. STEPHENS. With pleasure.
Mr. SIMMONS. I ask whether a judgment
isvalidforany purposewhatever,untilitbe shown
that the party in whose name it is is the true
party ?
Mr. STEPHENS. To ascertain the true and
proper party is part of the proceedings before
judgment. That is one of the matters to be settled
by the judgment, and when once settled by judg-
ment finally rendered by a court of competent
jurisdiction over the subject-matter, it is settled
forever. Whether the party in whose favor it be
rendered be the true party or not, cannot be in-
quired into afterwards or elsewhere. And so in
this instance persons presented themselves as the
elected representatives of the people of Kansas,
in their Legislature. They presented their cre-
dentials: the Governor claiming the right to pass
judgment judicially in their favor, certified that
they were the proper and true party. They then
took up their own credentials in the usual way
of Legislatures, and came to a similar judgment,
as to a large majority in both Houses. That
judgment, viewed either way you please, is final
on that question. That is my answer to the gen-
tleman.
But the gentleman from Pennsylvania, in speak-
ing of the inconsistency of Governor Reeder's
course—for even he seemed ready to admit his
great inconsistencies 
Mr. KUNKEL. No, sir; I said it was not
necessary to my argument to prove that Gov-
ernor Reedcr was consistent.
Mr. STEPHENS. And the gentleman added
that he could not speak for his consistency.
Now, what I was about to submit to the House
is, whether anybody can defend his course? I
intend to speak of the facts as they are detailed
before us in these reports, and as we know them
to be. He was duly appointed Governor of Kan-
1 sas. He accepted the trust and was in office,
when, according to his own showing, the election
which took nlacein that Territory on the 30th of
March was held in pursuance of his own proc-
lamation. Twenty-six members of the House
of Representatives, and thirteen members of the
Legislative Council, were elected. These were the
numbers of which the Houses were respectively
composed. He assumed the right to judge of the
election returns of these members. The rules gov-
erning the elections were prescribed by himself,
and very rigid ones they were. The judges of
elections were required not to allow any non-res- |
ident to vote, ana to take an oath that tney would j
not. These returns were submitted to him, and
he examined them. He ratified the returns, and
fave certificates to seventeen members of the '
louse, and rejected but nine. He gave certifi-
cates to ten members of the Council, and rejected
three. He ordered a new election to be held, to
fill the places of those vacated by himself, but
the two Houses, as I have stated, assuming the
right to judge of the qualifications of their own
members after they met, decided in favor of
those who had the highest number of votes on the
first election.
But, sir, it was three months and upwards from
the holding of this March election until the Legis-
lature met. He then said nothing of what we
now hear of the manner of this election. But he,
as Governor, upon being notified that they were
organized in obedifcnee to his own call, addressed
them as the legally-assembled and constituted
Legislature of the Territory. As late as the 21st ,
of July, after the Houses had acted upon the subject j
of the contested seats in the eases of the nine members '
and three councilmen rejected by him, he again ad- ]
dressed them in a message, and in it he says I
nothing of an invasion. He says nothing of
subjugation—nothing of "martial music" and
"artillery"—nothing of "border ruffianism"—
nothing of their action in the cases of contest referred
to. But he addressed them then as the legally-con-
stituted Legislature of the Territory. If, there-
fore, Governor Reeder had the right to judge of
the election returns, as he claimed, was not his
acquiescence in the decision of the Houses on mat-
ters pertaining to their organization an affirmance
on his part of their judgment in those cases? And
at his instance shall we now go behind, not only
the judgment of the Houses of the Legislature on
these questions, but his affirmance of that judg-
ment by an official act of Governor Reeder him-
self?
But, si- * wish to notice Bom° "ther matters that
have dropped in this deba+e. Anothe- gentleman
from Pennsylvania, or ■nr) right, [M. Hiiip-
bell,] gave as a reason whj tHs investigation
should be gone into — why we sfioult1 aiide
Governor Reeder's own judgment in this cas? —
that he was a gentleman of high character—a.
man of worth, standing high in the estimation of
the people of his State, and that this investigation
was due him as such. Well, Mr. Speaker, I say
to the gentleman that, if what Governor Reeder
now says be really true, he certainly has for-
feited and lost all just claims he may have had to
the high and exalted opinions of his countrymen;
he certainly shows himself guilty of the most
flagrant and gross dereliction Qf duty that any i
public officer in the whole history of the coun-
try was ever guilty of. The gentleman from
Pennsylvania must admit that if the Territory
committed to his chargewas invaded by an armed
force, by which the legally-qualified voters of the
Territory were driven from the polls in every dis-
trict save one, and the polls seized by non-resi-
dents, who by violence carried the election—if
that be true which Governor Reeder now affirms
to be true—if that took place which he now says
did take place, and he silently sat by and saw all,
and afterwards recognized these invading hordes
■ as the duly-elected Legislature of the people, as
he certainly did, then he was guilty of a base dis-
regard of his official duty, without a parallel in
our history, and one that no depth of infamy and
degradation would be too low to assign him to,
for.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Pennsylvania. If the
gentleman from Georgia will allow me, I desire
to ask him, if these things can be substantiated,
i why deny to Governor Reeder this investigation ?
: Governor Reeder is ready to prove that his course
j was consistent, honorable, and proper. I ask
that the gentleman will hear him, and then decide.
Mr. STEPHENS. Governor Reeder can never
show that his course was proper and becoming
an officer in his position, if what he states be true.
I am not for this investigation, because I do not
think it is right to make it. I do not regard it as
a part of my duty to make improper investigation
to sustain a man who, by his own statement,
shows himself to have been guilty of a gross dis-
regard of his official duty. So far as he is con-
cerned, his showing makes no favor with me.
When a man comes here, and on his own state-
ment, out of his own mouth, makes it appear, if
his statement is to be credited, that he was guilty
of the grossest neglect of duty, it does not com-
mend him to my favor. Such statements or calls
for investigation have not much force in inducing
me to follow his example in the commission of a
wrong, or in disregarding my official duty. But
what I was about to say was, that if his state-
ment be true, he is not now entitled to that high
encomium which the gentleman pronounced upon
him. If he, as Governor of a Territory, per-
mitted such unheard-of outrages to be committed
there without a word of complaint, but giving his
sanction to the whole of them—which, upon his
own showing, you must admit he did—then he is
not entitled to that high position which the gen-
tleman says he occupied in the estimation of the
people of Pennsylvania before he lefit that State.
It may be true that Governor Reeder, while in
Pennsylvania, was a gentleman of good char-
acter and high standing. That does not show
that he is entitled to be held in the same estima-
tion now. His course, by which he may have
justly forfeited that character, we have before us.
Neither is his present position, contrasted with
his former, an isolated or singular one. A gen-
tleman once occupied a position in this country
second to no one then living. For thirty-six
ballots he held the votes of this House, in even
balance, for the Chief Magistracy of the country.
He stood shoulder to shoulder with a head quite
as high as that of Jefferson himself. Who stood
higher then than he ? Who shone brighter then
than these two men ? Twin-brothers in politics, as
two morning stars they appeared rising together
in the day-dawn of our nation's glory; but dis-
appointed hope, and blasted ambition, caused
Aaron Burr—like Lucifer—like the archangel,
standing high in heaven, next to the Throne it-
self, to fall, and from his fall to rise no more.
It may be so with Governor Reeder. A man he
may nave been of high character, fair fame, and
high ambition; but his ambition has " overleaped
"'"elf," and fallen on the other side. History, I
dar«; ?*y, will assign him his true position. There
let hiii. rt *. We are to deal with the facts as
they app<.jj before us.
T>e gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Bingham,]
the other day, said the legislation of the Terri-
tory of ilansas was null and void upon its face.
He wished no better evidence of the invalidity
of the laws than that which is to be found upon
their inspection. He read one of their acts,
which makes it penal for any individual to steal
a slave, or to induce him to run away from his
master, or Jo harbor such slave. Such a code he
