1792
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 28.
Territory. "We will suppose they have been so
distributed. . Those arms were a gift, in pursu-
ance of our own laws, to thatTerritory, and you
have no authority to recall them. The gentle-
man who proposes this amendment is too good a
lawyer to assert that a gift executed can be re-
voked or recalled. The title has passed out of
the United States by delivery, and those arms
belong not to this Government, but to the Terri-
tory of Kansas, or the people of that Territory
to whom that government has given them.
Can the Government recall the arms which it
has given to Ohio, Missouri, or any other State,
or to any Territory of the Union ? 1 maintain this
cannot be done. The right to the arms distrib-
uted by the Government to Kansas having passed
to the people of that Territory in such manner
as is provided by the laws of Kansas, those arms
are hot now the property of the United States—
are now subject to no other control by this Gov-
ernment than th Atrms which I may have bought
and own. This attempt to disarm the people of
a Territory, and take" from them their property,
when not in a state of rebellion nor of civil war,
but who are loyal—who do not infringe the laws
of the United States—who yield true allegiance
where it is due, is a movement worthy of a des-
pot or a tyrant. It should receive the sanction
of no one who believes we have a Constitution, and
who has sworn to support it, for it is proposed
" to infringe the right of the people to keep and
bear arms" in the Territory of Kansas. Thus, is
the amendment of the gentleman from Ohio an
infraction of the Constitution in this respect.
But the gentleman from Ohin can see no civil
strife elsewhere than in Kansjs, which should
attract the attention of this Government. He
knows that the laws ill California are set at de-
fiance He knows that the laws of that State are
not enforced in the city of San Francisco, and
perhaps elsewhere. He knows that the fiat of
the committee of vigilance in San Francisco is
supreme; and instead of directing the army of
the United States to be employed to protect the
people of that State against " domestic violence,"
he seeks to have that army employed to deprive
the citizens of Kansas of their arms.
But the gentleman wishes to have the army
employed to keep open the national highways in
the State of Missouri. I deny that the national
highways in Missouri have been closed to any
citizen of the United States. A company of armed
men from Chicago, and perhaps two companies
from other places, officered as military companies,
and with arms not such as emigrants take with
them, but armed with Hall's carbine, and with
bayonets to them, proceeded up the Missouri
river by steamboat till they reached Lexington.
The citizens of that town, hearing of this military
expedition, and being well assured these hired
soldiers from Chicago were to compose a part of
the free-State army of Kansas, and, as such, were
to be employed in killing the pro-slavery citizens
of Kansas, demanded of these valiant men a sur-
render of their arms. Their arms were surren-
dered to the citizens of Lexington, and are safely
stored for the benefit of their owners. The men
thus disarmed had no obstacle interposed by the
people of Missouri to their proceeding to their
place of destination, and did go to Kansas. Now
if the people of Missouri have violated any law
of the United States, will the gentleman from
Ohio point me to that law? If they have violated
any law of the United States, indict them, or
otherwise proceed against them, in the district or
circuit court of the United States for Missouri.
The marshal of the United States can serve any
process against them. No posse comilatus, nor
troops, will be required to aid him in the execu-
tion of any process against any citizens of that
State. By what right do you propose to invade
Missouri? The Constitution guaranties the Uni-
ted States will protect that State, and all other
States, from invasion. And yet the gentleman
proposes to invade that State, as if that State was
m rebellion, or the laws of the United States set
at defiance. Does the gentleman desire to bring
on a conflict between the people of Missouriand
the army of the United States? Does the gen-
tleman believe the people of that State will tamely
submit to the employment of the army of the
united States within the limits of that State, in
a manner-not authorized by the Constitution?
Mr. UiUDINCrS. I was aware that this sub-
ject would excite feeling upon both sides of the
the House. The fact is presented to the lovers
of peace and order, that, while the opposite party
have conspired to establish slavery in Kansas,
by sending Missourians over there to legislate
for the people of that Territory, the President
now comes to us—the lovers of peace and order
—and asks us for money to carry out the con-
spiracy which has beeri formed against freedom.
Sir, the question comes home to every man on
this side of the House. Are we prepared to be
forced into the position of sustaining the Execu-
tive in the plan he has undertaken to execute ? I
say the question comes home to the heart of every
American; and we have a high—we have a solemn
Example before us of a movement of this kind,
which was inaugurated at the other end of the
Capitol. In 1849, the Senate attached to the civil
and diplomatic bill a provision establishing a gov-
ernment for California.
Mr. HOUSTON. I rise to a question of order.
The gentleman' is not confining himself to the
amendment under consideration.
Mr. GIDD1NGS. I am in order.
Mr. HOUSTON. I insist upon my question
of order. I want the gentleman kept to the amend-
ment of the g-entleman from Missouri.
Mr. GIDDINGS. I do not blame the gentle-
man for rising to a question of order, for I will
read a record upon liim, and upon his side of the
House, such as will stop their mouths as to the
irregularity of this proceeding.
Mr. HOUSTON. No record that the gentle-
man can read, nor anything that he can say, will
hurt me, where the gentleman is known; but I
insist upon the point of order.
Mr. GIDDINGS. Sir, I will show a high
precedent for these proceedings in the action of
the Senate in 1849.
Mr. HOUSTON. I insist that the rules of the
House shall be administered, and that the gentle-
man from Ohio shall be confined to what is in
order.
The CHAIRMAN. The question before the
committee is on the amendment of the gentleman
from Missouri, [Mr. Phelps.] The gentleman
will confine himself to the discussion of that
amendment.
Mr. GIDDINGS. I was proceeding to say,
that the precedent of appending a California bill
to the civil and diplomatic bill in 1849, was a
strong argument in favor of the propriety of this
proceeding. But, sir, the gentleman from Mis-
souri was permitted to discuss the proceedings
of the vigilance committee in California.
Mr. HOUSTON. I call the gentleman from
Ohio to order.
The CHAIRMAN. The rules of the House
require that all discussion shall be confined to the
question immediately before the committee. That
is conceded on all sides; and why gentlemen
should digress from this rule, is a mystery to the
Chair. It is difficult for the Chair to determine
what the tendency of a line of remark may be
towards a given point. A gentleman may claim
that his remarks apply to the question before the
committee, when the Chair and other gentlemen
men may not be able to see the application.
Mr. GIDDINGS. I will show the application
of my remarks before I get through. I say that
when that bill came from the Senate, it came with
an amendment for the establishment of a territo-
rial government for California; and further, that
every member here from the States south of Ma-
son and Dixon's line, including the gentleman who
raised the question of order, and the gentleman
who made the pending motion, voted for it. I
will put your chalice to your ow'n hps; I will
stand now where you stood in 1849.
Mr. HOUSTON. The gentleman discusses
the question of order which has been settled by the
committee. Whether 1 voted or not to retain an
amendment on an appropriation bill half a dozen
years ago, or last year, or last week, does not
make the gentleman in order on this proposition.
The Chair is here to enforce the rules, and I insist
that he do it.
Mr. EDIE. I call the gentleman from Alabama
to order.
The CHAIRMAN. Both of the gentlemen
are out of order.
Mr. HOUSTON. I ask the Chair to decide
the question.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair hopes that
gentlemen will proceed in order. The remarks
of the gentleman from Missouri, in regard to
California, were a digression from the manor he-
fore the committee. All reference to former
legislation is out of order on this amendment.
The Chair trusts that gentlemen will proceed in
order.
Mr. HOUSTON. Does the Chair decide the
gentleman to be out of order ?
The CHAIRMAN. That is the decision of
the Chair.
Mr. GIDDINGS. How much more time have
I left?
The CHAIRMAN. One minute.
Mr. GIDDINGS. Well, Mr. Chairman, whi>
the President and his party have conspired to
overthrow freedom in Kansas,! am notdispos- d
to appropriate one dollar to aid them. T am ur
restricting every appropriation for the suppoit
of the Army. In this, I am sustained by the
precedent of the opposite party, which is on
record, and, if I had the time, I would be glad to
read it. Here I stand, and I wifl carry out what
I propose; and I hope every member who loves
freedom and right and justice will stand by the
pending amendment.
Mr. CARLILE. I move ^hat the committee
rise, with a view of offering a resolution to close
debate on this bill.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio. The debate has
already been closed; but five-minute debate is
allowed. "
Mr. CARLILE. Very well; I withdraw the
motion.
The question was taken on Mr. Phelps's amend-
ment; and it was disagreed to.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I move to strike
out the first proviso of the amendment.
Mr. Chairman, this is, as I understand, the
ordinary and usual Army appropriation bill.
It makes the customary appropriations for the
support of the Army of the United Suites. Such
being the case, these amendments, then, are ob-
viously not designed for any legitimate purpose
of improvement. It is distinctly avowed that this
occasion is to be seized for the purpose of in-
grafting amendments on the bill which it is known
cannot possibly be passed. I wish the country
clearly to understand the character of the oppo-
sition, in order that it may be brought to a
judgment on the action of this body. The mo-
tion I have submitted was designed for the pur-
pose of bringing this subject to the attention of
the House and the country. It is intended by
the other side to ingraft on this bill amendments
which are to stop the wheels of Government.
It is designed to force on this bill amendments
known to be impracticable. The effect is revo-
lution; and I will add, sir, moral treason to the
country. I do not hesitate to proclaim that, with
bills pending before the House in which this
Kansas question may be accommodated and ad-
justed, the attempt to put it on this bill is revolu-
tionary and treasonable. I denounce it as fraught
with the very worst mischief that can be to the
Republic and its institutions.
Mr. STANTON. I did not quite hear the
amendment of the gentleman from Virginia, but
I presume that it goes to the merits of the whole
proposition. I differ with him entirely as to the
probability of the action of the Senate on this
amendment. I do not believe that that body is
prepared to take the responsibility of an adjourn-
ment of this Congress with a civil war raging m
one of the Territories of the Union. I beheve
that it is prepared to adopt some healing measure,
.and take steps to secure the rights of the people
from whatever section they may come. I will
not impute so great a want of patriotism to any
coordinate branch of the Government, as to be-
lieve it would withhold its approbation from a
measure the fairness of which cannot be doubted
for a moment.
The proposition is not to decide the question
of the validity of these laws finally and ultimately,
but to say that, inasmuch as there is great doubt
about their validity — that it is a subject over
which blood has been shed, and more is likely to
be shed, Congress shall suspend their further
execution until its action shall dccide their validity
or invalidity. And this brings me to the point
made by the gentleman from Georgia, [Mr.
Stephens,] that Congress has no power to settle
any question ©f the regularity of the proceedings
