1856.]
APPENDIX TO THB CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
163
34th Cong.... 1st Sess.
Kansas Contested Election—Mr. Taylor.
Ho. of Reps.
then, assume powers and prerogatives which do
not belong to us, in our attempting to see if another
body has not done it; and, particularly, let us not
do it for bare party purposes, when the only
effect of it may be to put in hazard the peace and
quiet of the country. These, sir, are my views
and opinions upon the proposition before us.
KANSAS CONTESTED ELECTION.
SPEECH OF HON. MILES TAYLOR,
of louisiana,
In the House of Representatives,
March 13, 1856,
On the Resolution reported by the Committee of Elections
in the Contested-Election case from the Territory of
Kansas.
Mr. TAYLOR said:
Mr. Speaker: I regret that the rules of this
House do not allow me sufficient time to notice
all of the various topics that have presented
themselves in the course of this discussion. It
would have given me infinite pleasure to reply to
the remarks of the honorable gentleman from
New York, [Mr. Wakeman,] who addressed the
House yesterday, in which he took occasion to
denounce the Administration in good set terms.
He spoke of the acts of this Administration in a
manner which seemed to fill him with pleasure,
but which, it seemed to me, all good citizens J;
should regret. Time, however, will not permit ji
me to pay attention to those remarks, or to vin-
dicate our present national Administration from !
the most unjustifiable, most undeserved, most j
unprovoked, and most wanton and unfounded
assertions made by that gentleman. But 1 will .
venture to say this, before leaving the subject
altogether: The policy of this Administration,
which has been condemned with such intemperate
heat, has commended itself, and will continue to
commend itself, to the approbation of all who 1
prefer relations of peace and amity with the other
nations of the world, when those relations can be
maintained without a sacrifice of national respect,
or of national honor, and of all those who are
unwilling that the union of these States should j
be endangered by the unbridled license of those \
•who have set up a law for themselves which is I
higher than the Constitution. For my own part
1 believe, without the slightest shadow of doubt,
that the acts of this Administration will stand out
in bold relief upon the page of history, and that
its conduct of the difficult questions intrusted to
its management, whether shown by what it has
done or bywhatithas failed to do, will be referred
to by the patriots of future times as examples of
a wise activity, or of a prudent moderation; when
the unconstitutional schemes, the illegal acts, and
the treasonable excesses of those with whom the
gentleman from New York [Mr. Wakemas] is
now acting, will be regarded by the curious in-
quirer as extraordinary displays of that madness
to which portions of all communities seem to be
subject whenever political action is stimulated by
the leaven of what misguided fanatics and enthu-
siasts do not hesitate to call " a religious excite-
ment," or " a moral agitation."
It would also, Mr. Speaker, give me pleasure 1
to pay attention to the various questions which j
were raised yesterday, and particularly to the i
question as to the character of the existing
contest in relation to the right of the sitting Del-
egate from Kansas, which was chiefly dwelt on by
the honorable gentleman who has just taken his '
seat, [Mr. Pprviance.] That gentleman referred
to this question, and spoke of it as a judicial one; 1
and, for the purpose of supporting the positisn
which his friends in this House have taken, has
attempted to draw conclusions as to the manner
in which the power of this House is to be exer-
cised in deciding the question involved in the
existing contest by reference to the decisions of
courts deciding upon private rights. _ Now, Mr.
Speaker, before entering upon the line of argu-
ment which I propose for myself, I wish to say
a few words for the purpose of showing the en-
tire absurdity of the position which he and his
friends have taken upon that particular point.
The position which they assume is, that there is
a power vested by the Constitution in this House
to inquire into the validity of the existing govern-
ment of Kansas, with a view to the determina-
tion of the right of the sitting Delegate to his seat
on this floor, and to decide that question for itself,
and independently of all the other coordinate
departments of the Government.
Mr. Speaker, what would be the result if that
position were correct? What would be the con-
sequences of the exercise of the power claimed,
on the part of this House for itself, and without
the concurrence of the other departments of the
Government? There are two Houses of Congress.
If this House has the power to decide that ques-
tion for itself, the House might decide that the
existing territorial government in Kansas was
a valid government, and admit the person claim-
ing to be the Delegate of the people of that Terri-
tory to his seat; and we should then have within
the limits of this Hall a Delegate representing
the Territory of Kansas. But, at the other end
of the Capitol, there is another body which pos-
sesses_ the same constitutional power and, upon
the principle which these gentlemen assert, that
body could also inquire into and determine for
itself upon the validity of the proceedings of that
portion" of the people on the soil of Kansas who
have framed a Constitution, and declared that they
now constitute an independent political commu-
nity, which is clothea with all the rights of a
sovereign State. Well, sir, if the individuals
elected to the Legislature created by that pretended
constitution sought, in the exercise of the power
which that constitution purports to put in them,
to elect Senators to represent them in the Con-
gress of the United States, the persons elected
might present themselves at the other end of the
Capitol, and that House, exercising the same con-
stitutional power, might decide that the pretended
State government was a valid one, and that those
persons were rightfully elected Senators from the
State of Kansas; and thus would a strange spec-
tacle be presented. Powers expressly conferred
upon each branch of the national Legislature by
the Constitution would have been rightfully exer-
cised by each in such a manner that it would be
constitutionally decided that two distinct, separ-
ate, and conflicting governments rightfully ex-
isted at the same time over the same Territory!
In this department of Government Kansas would
be recognized as a Territory, and in the other it
would be regarded as a sovereign State. Now,
I submit it to gentlemen—I submit it to this
House—I submit it to all men of intelligence and
common sense—can any principle, which, when
carried out, may lead to such consequenccs, be
correct ?
It seems to me, Mr. Speaker, that this view of
the case must be decisive to the mind of every
one who is free from bias—who looks upon ques-
tions presented to this House with a single eye
to their proper decision; for it is self-evident that
the power claimed for the House in its separate
capacity not only involves the possible occur-
rence of absurdities in the practical exercise of
it, independently of the other branch of the na-
tional Legislature and of the national Executive,
but that there might be contingencies in which,
if insisted on by the House, it might nbt only
impede the regular action of the Government, but,
perhaps, arrest it altogether.
But, sir, it is easy to show the impropriety of
granting the power asked for by the Committee
of Elections, on other grounds; and, with the
view of doing so, will recur to the question really
before the House. I shall not attempt a discus-
sion of general topics, I shall not attempt to
look into the thousands and hundreds of thou-
sands of cases contained in the volumes of judi-
cial reports which have been or may be cited on
the other side in support of their position. These
cases may, and probably do, illustrate various
principles which are involved incases of contests
with respect to private rights in courts of justice,
but can have no application whatever to the ques-
tion now before us. That question is a political
question, and it is this: Shall the resolution offered
by the Committee of Elections, that they have
power to send for persons and papers with a view
to the investigation of the Kansas election case—
shall that resolution be adopted, and the power
asked for be granted ? The question involved in
the adoption of that resolution is: Shall the Com-
mittee of Elections take testimony in relation to
what transpired in the Territory of Kansasprior
to the passage of the election laws of that Terri-
tory, under which the election of a Delegate to
represent that Territory here was holden on the
30th March, 1855, for the purpose of resolving
the questions which properly arise in relation to
the right of the sitting Delegate to a seat upon
this floor.
By reference to the Teport of the committee
which accompanies the resolution, it will be dis-
covered that the right is claimed on the ground
that the election under which the sitting member
| claims his seat was and is null and void, on two
, distinct and different grounds: One is, that the law
under which he claims to have been elected is in-
valid; the other is, that there were illegal votes
; given in the election holden under the authority
I of that law.
In respect to the first proposition, it is contended
by the contestant that the legislative act is invalid:
first, because the persons assuming to act as mem-
bers of the Council and House of Representatives,
constituting the Legislative Assembly created by
the twenty-second section of the Kansas act, did
not in fact constitute such Legislative Assembly,
because they did not assemble and organize.and
proceed to the transaction of business at the place
which was declared in the thirty-first section of
the territorial act to be the temporary seat of
government; and, second, because the persons
assuming to compose the Legislative Assembly
which enacted the law under which the election
was holden were not elected by the inhabitants
of the Territory, in whom the right to elect was
vested by the territorial act, but were- actually
returned Dy persons not resident within the Ter-
, ritory, who, in violation of law and of the rights
of the inhabitants of the Territory, entered it by
I force in military array, with banners displayed,
1 drums beating, and fifes playing.
The first reason assigned for the invalidity of,
the legislative act under which the election of
' the_ sitting Delegate was holden, is based on the
notion that the persons elected as Councilmen and
| Representatives could not act as a Legislative As-
| sembly, nor be in any way vested with the legis-
j Iative power intended to be conferred on them by
I the Kansas act, unless they first assembled and
organized at the place designated in the act as the
temporary seat of government, and continued to
assemble there while engaged in the work of
legislation.
Mr. Speaker, upon a recurrence to the Kansas
act, it will be at once seen that this pretension is
without any foundation—that it has not only no
foundation in the principles of law, but that it is
entirely unsustained by anything contained in
the provisions of this particular act. I know that
the distinguished gentleman from Indiana, [Mr.'
Dunk,] the other day, alluded to this particular
objection, and seemed to attach great weight to
it. I cannot but think that his conclusion was
arrived at without his making an examination of
the act itself. His position that the illegality of the
proceedings of that Legislature may be inferred
because it did not assemble and it did not act at
Fort Leavenworth, the place designated in the act
as the temporary seat of government, is founded
on an error of fact.
If you refer to the act creating the territorial
government of Kansas, what will be discovered ?
There are three provisions—and three only—in
that act which can in any way have any bearing
on the subject—I mean, which make mention,
directly or indirectly, of a Seat for the government
of the Territory, or of the place where the legis-
lative power granted by the act was to be exer-
cised.
In the thirty-first section it is declared that Fort
Leavenworth shall be the temporary seat of gov-
ernment. In the thirty-third section it is declared
that the usual appropriations shall be made for
the erection of public buildings at the seat of gov-
ernment. These provisions speak generally of a
" seat of government;" they ao not say one word
about the seat of the legislative power. Gentle-
men on the other side, however, insist upon it
that all legislative power must be exercised at the
seat of government of every distinct political com-
munity. It would not be difficult to show, by
