1856.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
9W
$400,000, accruing during the last fiscal year out
of causes over which he had no control.
But, Mr. Chairman, I ask that the letter of the
Secretary of War, and the report of the quarter-
master general may be read, and t will no longer
detain the committee by any remarks of mine%
I would merely state further that the Commit-
tee of Ways and Means recommend a concur-
rence in the 29th, 30th, 31st, 32d, and 33d amend-
ments of the Senate.
The letter and report were read, as follows:
War Department,
Washington, February 29,1856.
Sir : I have the honor to transmit herewith a communi-
cation from the quartermaster general of the Army, stating
that the appropriations for his department are nearly ex-
hausted, and that further appropriations will be needed to
defray expenses dining the remainder of the current fiscal
year. The estimates upon which the appropriations for the
current year were made were prepared m November, 1854,
end since that time events not then anticipated have oc-
curred, requiring extensive movements of tioops, and an
unusual expenditure of quartermaster-stores and otoer
property: tlie principal of these have been the Indian hot*-
tihties on the western plains, and in the Territories of Or-
egon and Washington.
I have, therefore, to request that appropriations, applica-
ble to the service of the current fiscaJ year, be made for the
following objects, as recommended by the Quartermaster
General, viz:
For regular supplies in the quartermaster's de-
partment   $460,000
Forbarracks, quarters, and store-houses....... 100,900
For incidental expenses....  180,000
For mileage to officers  60,000
For transportation of the army  1,000,000
Total  $1,800,000
The particular objects for which these appropriations jire
intended will be found minutely detailed in the la>t army
appropuation act of March 3, ; Statutes, pages ,
and637. Very respectfully, your obedient servant, !
JEFF'N DAVIS,
Secretary of War.
Hon. L. J). Campbell, Ckaiyman Committee of i-Fays and
Means, House of flein eseiitatives.
Quartermaster General's Office,
Washington, February 27, 1830.
' Sir.: The appropriations for the quuuerma^ter's riepait-
ment wjf« ail be exhausted before the middle of next month.
The numerous and rapid movements which the troops were
required to make during the last fiscal year caused an ex-
penditure for transportation greatly exceedmc the appiopu-
atiou for that year, and became a chaige upon the appio-
priation foi the present year. 1 estimate the deficiency m
the appropuation foi transportation the iast year at about
$600,000. The great mei^asc in the-price of lorage caused
the expenditures on that account to exceed the appropri-
ation for the vcur. The charge upon the appropuation lor
forage for the present year I estimate at $900,000.
In addition to these deficiencies in the last year, there
has been a greatly incieased expenditure caused by the In-
dian hostilities, and the active operations which it has been
necessary to carry on against thein in the States of Cali-
fornia and Florida, and the Territories of Oregon. Wash-
ington, Kansas. and Nebraska. These operations weie not
expected, and were not provided for in the estimates pre-
sented to Oongiess., on which the appropriations tor the
present year woic made.
Fiom fifteen to eighteen hundred thousand dollars will
be nece.-^ary to cany the depainnent through the year. A
consideiable sum will also be required to reimburse ex-
penses being incurred on account of militia and volunieeia
called into seivice. I have leceived no estimate of the
probable expense incurred, or being incurred; but, troin
the correspondence of officers serving on the Pacific and in
New Mexico, 1 am sure the expendituie to be provided for
will be considerable.
As the time has nearly arrived when preparations should
be made for the operations of the next season, I respect-
fully recommend that application be made for an appiopri-
ation at as eaily a period as possible; and! have the honor
to be, sir, your obedient servant,
TH. S. JESUP.
Quartermaster General.
Note.—Heads of appropriation under which the above
is "equired, namely:
Quartermaster's department—
Forage   §400,000
Fnei .     60,000
 , $460,000
Barracks and quarters 
Incidental expenses  180,000
Traveling allowance to officers  60.000
Transportation of the army  1,000.000
Total   $1,800,000
Hon. Jefferson Davis, Secretary of War, Washington.
Mr. STANTON. I move to strike out §60,000
of the appropriation. Now, sir, if any gentle-
man will nave the goodness to take this bill and
look over it, he will find a series of five sections
designed to supply deficiencies in the Army appro-
priations of last year, and by computing the
amount he will find that these five sections call
for #1,805,000. . .
Mr. PHELPS. I so stated m my remarks.
Mr. STANTON. Yes, sir. Now,Mr. Chair-
man, this is miserable cyphering. For one, I am
not disposed, merely upon the recommendation
of the Committee of Ways and Means, to make
such an appropriation to piece out what was 'ori-
ginally an unusually large and very liberal appro-
priation for the support of the Army. I want
some better evidence of the manner in which the
money has been expended. I want to know that
it has been properly expended before I vote to
indorse this twenty-ninth amendment of the Sen-
ate to this bill; for, as I understand it, the indorse-
ment of that amendment carries with it the four
that follow it.
And there is another thing that ought not to be
forgotten. This House is primarily responsible
to the people for the expenditure of the public
money. We are the immediate representatives
of the people; and it is more especially our duty
to scrutinize and watch closely all the approaches
to the public Treasury. When, hereafter, we find
that the expenses of the Government under this
Administration have swelled to seventy, eighty,
or a hundred millions of dollars, and we bring
the charge against them of profligacy and cor-
ruption, shall we not be told, " You had an ad-
verse majority in the House of Representatives,
and why did you not arrest them ? why did you
make such appropriations?" Now, sir, with that
responsibility resting upon me, I do not feel that
I ought, as a Representative of the American peo-
ple, to vote for appropriations of this magnitude,
without some better evidence of the fidelity and
integrity of the Department in making an expend-
iture of the money which has already been ap-
piopriated. I want to know more about the de-
tails; X want to understand this business better.
I would reject this appropriation, and let the
Administration get on the best way they can. I
am well satisfied that these increased expenditures
in Oregon have grown out of filibustering ope-
rations that are disgraceful to the country, and
which ought to have been suppressed by the Ad-
ministration, or by the authorities theie.
Mr. LANE. I should like to know upon what
authority the gentleman speaks of fUlibustering
operations in Oregon?
Mr. STANTON. My witness is General
Wool, if the gentleman wants to know; and he
is a gentleman who has some reputation in the
country, not only for courage, but for integrity.
It is well known that he believes that these wars
are unnecessary. It is well known that the
authorities of the General Government—of the
regular Army—are in open hostility, in open con-
flict with the authorities of the Territory. I am
not prepared to say who is right, but I want in-
formation upon the subject. I want to know
whether these expenditures have been properly
made. As I said before, I am not prepared, upon
the mere recommendation of a committee of this
House, to vote for this appropriation. I shall
vote against it, and I hope the amendment of the
Senate will be rejected.
Mr. RITCHIE. I merely wish to say, in
otmosing the amendment of the gentleman from
Ohio, that about the close of the last Congress a
I bill was passed to raise four new regiments.
| Just at that time we heard of these troubles with
the Indians—not on the Pacific coast, I think, at
that time, but west of Missouri, in the Sioux
country. No estimates were made for the ex-
penses that would be incurred in transporting
troops from the Atlantic coast to that part of the
country, to put down the disturbances there.
The estimates had been made some time before
that; they were sent in with the President's
message at the beginning of the second session
of the last Congress.
The members of Congress at that time were
well aware that heavy expenses would have to
be incurred in quieting those Indian troubles and
for the removal of troops. These deficiencies
have been incurred in that way; and I do not
believe that the gentleman from Ohio, in three
months, would be any wiser than he is now, even
if he had the run of the Departments, as to the
details. If we vote these appropriations at all,
we had better vote them now. I do not see how
we are to have more information than we arc
now in possession of.
Mr. STANTON, by unanimous consent, with-
drew his Amendment.
Mr. KELSEY. 1 move to reduce the appro-
priation to one dollar. Mr. Chairman, it isahttle
singular that, after we have had placed upon.bur
tables estimates for $1,300,000 deficiency, and, to
supply it, passed a bill and sent it to the Senate,
that it should be returned loaded with additions
amounting in all to over $3,740,000. -I am not
satisfied by any explanations yet given; that J
ought to vote for these additions of the Senate.
It has been a part of the tactics of certain gentle-
men to set themselves up as the especial guard-
ians of the people's money. Other appropriationa
they have opposed with a good deal of perti-
nacity, and endeavored to throw upon this side
of the House the responsibility for those other
small appropriations; but when we come to these
large ones their conduct changes.
For one, I am not prepared to go any further
until we have some explanation of the necessity
for these appropriations. How came these de-
ficiencies ? Why were not the estimates submit-
ted when the Department knew the existence of
the state of facts upon which these deficiencies are
based ? I hope that the committee will strike out
all of these appropriations. I want to see this
Government held to some responsibility in this
matter. In the way things are now going on, the
House of Representatives amounts to nothing at
all. We are expected to indorse every thing asked
at our hands by the present Administration, with-
out one word of explanation of their necessity.
I am not disposed to follow blindly any longer.
Mr. PHELPS. I oppose the amendment of
the gentleman from New York. Thatgentleman
and the gentleman from Ohio are anxious to have
detailed statements concerning these expend-
itures. I ask them whether they have read the
quartermaster's report, in which he states that,
from the unexpected transportation of large num-
bers of troops, the expenses were largely in-
creased ? Do they want any further information
in reference to the price of forage than to look at
the history of the country for the last eighteen,
months? In the whole western country where
the cavalry are stationed, and an immense amount
of army transportation has to be done by horses,
mules, and oxen, was there not a drought during
the year 1854? Was not the grain crop greatly
shortened, and the price of forage consequently
increased ?
Mr. KELSEY. Was not this state of facts
known to the Secretary of War at the time the
first estimates were submitted to this House.'
Mr. PHELPS Yes, sir; but has the gentle-
man read the quartermaster's report?
Mr. KELSEY. I have.
Mr. PHELPS. Did not the gentleman find
any explanation there?
Mr. KELSEY. There is what purports to be
an explanation.
Mr. PHELPS. We may mistake the docu-
ments—I mean the annual report of the Quarter-
master General. Has the gentleman read that?
Mr. KELSEY. Was not that document be-
fore the House when the estimates were first
made for these deficiencies?
Mr. PHELPS. In his annual report, the Quar-
termaster General tells us that there is adeficiency
of nearly two millions of dollars. If the gentle-
man had examined that report he would have
found an explanation. It is easy for gentlemen
to say they have no information on this subject,
and that they cannot take these things on trust;
but the documents are here which will give the
explanation. The annual report of the Quarter-
master General was submitted at this session;
and, from the manner in which the gentleman
speaks of these matters, I am sure that he has
not read it—attentively, at least.
Mr. KELSEY. If the Quartermaster Gen-
eral's statement was before the House when the
bill was reported, why did not the Committee of
Ways and Means report, with others, these addi-
tional appropriations of the Senate?
Mr. PHELPS. The deficiency estimates are
submitted by the Secretary of the Treasury; and
' they were printed and upon our desks the very
! day that we first assembled in this Hall. The
; Quartermaster General's report was laid before
' us at a subsequent period. It was not then known
S under what exact heads these expenditures should
! be placed. The report came to us on the last 3d
| of March, and it states that there is a deficiency
| of nearly two millions of dollars. The Commit-
j tee of Ways and Means did not act on these esti-
! mates until after the bill had been reported: and.
