THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN C. RIVES, WASHINGTON, D. C.
Thirtt-Foerth Congress, 1st Session.
TUESDAY, JULY 29, 1856.
New Series....No. 113.
of the territorial authorities. I hold that the
difference between the gentleman from Georgia
and those who support the amendment is a dif-
ference which pervades the different sections of
the country and the various parties in this House.
He holds that the sovereignty of the Territories
is not vested in Congress, and therefore, not
being so vested, it has no right to oversee and
control and regulate the territorial authorities.
1 hold, on principle and authorities that can be
piled mountain high, that the whole sovereignty
over the Territories is vested in Congress. It
has plenary legislative power, and all the legis-
lative powers vested in the territorial governments
are merely delegated powers. They can be re-
voked; they can be repealed; they can be declared
null and void for whatever reason Congress may
deem sufficient. There is no other power, and
no other remedy.
Is not the remedy proposed by the gentleman
from Georgia an interesting one ? You are to go
before the territorial courts. If tried and con-
victed of treason, or other capital crime, you can
then take a writ of error to the courts in one of
the rooms m this Capitol. While this cause is
being tried here, on a final decision, the re-
mainder of the people may be driven from the
Territory. Everybody else may be mobbed, shot
or hung, when it is seen proper so to do. And
this is the gentleman's remedy for the evils which
prevail in Kansas ! The thing is ridiculous. If
there is to be any remedy applied to the evils
which prevail in Kansas—if the rights of the
settlers are to be protected at all—there is no other
tribunal, no other department of this Government
which has power to stay the hand of violence and
misrule, except the Congress of the United States,
or the President of the United States, who man-
ifests no disposition to exercise it; but who, on
the contrary, is found upon the side of tyranny,
and is its chief aider and abettor. Here is the
only hope of the rights and liberties of the free
settlers of Kansas, and we should be false to the
trust reposed in us, if we do not secure them at
all hazards, and in defiance of the President of
the Unitad States.
The question was then taken on the motion of
Mr. Smith, of Virginia, and it was notagreed to.
Air. DAVIDSOjN". I move to strike out the
second proviso. I desire to make one single
remark in reply to the gentleman from Ohio. The
gentleman thinks that the Senate will not take
the responsibility of adjourning until some meas-
ure of peace to Kansas shall be passed. Mr.
Chairman, I would ask the gentleman from Ohio
to reflect upon the position m which the House
has placed themselves to-day. Bear in mind—
and the House will note the fact—that in all the
discussion which has taken place in this House,
I have studiously avoided, by talking, of keeping
up this sectional excitement; and t have done so
because I love the Constitution, because I desire
the perpetuity of the institutions of our country.
But the gentleman will remember that the Senate
have acted upon this subject, and have sent to
this House a bill which purposes, in a just and
proper manner, as they believe, to settle the diffi-
culties in Kansas. The gentleman from Indiana,
who has his own peculiar notions as to the man-
ner of settling those difficulties, and who has
given notice of an amendment to the Senate bill
for that purpose, to-day made a motion to sus-
pend the rules to take up this healing measure,
as the Senate considers it, that he might offer
what he considered his healing measure as an
amendment to that proposition of the Senate, and
that the House might give to the Senate and to
the country their ideas of what these healing
measures shall be; and what was the conduct of
gentlemen upon the other side of the House, who
do not think that the Senate will take the respons-
ibility of an adjournment without passing some
healing measure ? They voted against a suspen-
sion of the rules, refused to take up the bill,
refused to hold out the olive branch of peace, and
now, when they have taken up an appropriation
bill, they undertake to ineorporate in ita remark-
113
able measure which they know the Senate cannot,
will not, and should not, accept, if they have any
regard for their own consistency.
Air. STANTON. I did not vote against a
suspension of the rules. I voted in favor of it.
Mr. DAVIDSON. I did not say that you did.
I believe that there is a disposition upon your part
to do what is right in this matter. I spoke of
gentlemen generally who occupy that side of the
House—those who say that the Senate will not
take the responsibility of adjourning without
passing some healing measure. I have never been
a sectional man, anu, so help me God, I never
intend to be. I love this Union; I swore to sup-
port its Constitution, and I intend to do it, and to
do it atall hazards. I want to say to gentlemen,
that you can embarrass these appropriation bills,
and reject them; and if'you do, you must take
the responsibility. When there was a cry of a
dissolution of the Union, on account of the nul-
lification of South Carolina, you held your meet-
ings at the North; and you, gentlemen, come into
this House, after having committed yourselves
upon this question, and undertake to take into
your hands the legal and moral effect of treason
by refusing to pass the appropriation bills, or
rather by doing that which will prevent their
passage—for you know that the senate never
will pass this bill, or any other bill, with the
proviso upon it.
In this view of the case, I appeal to the con-
servative portion of members upon that side of
the House to pass the appropriation bills upon
their own merits, and to bring forward a healing
measure for Kansas, and pass it upon its own
merits, without taking up the time of the House
in putting on those amendments, for it is idle to
talk of the passage of these bills with any such
provisions in them.
If gentlemen choose, after doing what they
have so often denounced with so much eloquence—
dissolve this Union virtually by refusing to allow
the appropriations to be made to pay their con-
stituents the money due to them by this Govern-
ment, let them do so, and take the responsibility
therefor; where one dollar goes to the people of
the South, thousands go to the North, East, and
the greatNorthwcst. The people can then under-
stand who is for saving this Government and pre-
serving the just rights of the people, and the pub-
lic peace.
Mr. "WARNER. I desire to say a few brief
words upon this question. This whole proceed-
ing is wrong in principle, and revolutionary in
its character. You do not propose to repeal the
obnoxious laws in Kansas, but to treat them as
null and void, and prohibit the President from
executing them, without being repealed—with-
out any judicial inquiry or judgment thereon,
declaring such laws to be void for any cause
whatever. There are but two legitimate modes,
under the Constitution and laws of this country,
by which the President can be released from his
constitutional duty m recognizing and enforcing
those Kansas laws. The first is to repeal them;
the second is, to have thein declared null and
void by the competent judicial tribunals of the
country, in a case made, in which the validity
of those laws shall be directly put in issue.
By the organic act passed by Congress, the
legislative power and authority of Kansas Terri-
tory was vested in a Governor and Legislative
Assembly. That Legislative Assembly have en-
acted laws for the government of that Territory—
regular upon their face, and having all the forms
and requisites of valid laws upon the statute-
book of Kansas Territory—in pursuance of that
organic law. The proposition now is, for Con-
gress, by way of amendment to an Army appro-
priation bill, to declare those laws twtll and void,
nr to prohibit the President of the United States
from enforcing them, until Congress shall, by the
assumption of the judicial functions of the Gov-
ernment, adjudge those laws to be valid or invalid.
The proposition is not to repeal those laws by
Congress, but the proposition is to treat those
laws as nullities, and to prohibit the President
from enforcing them, in the discharge of his con-
stitutional duty. There stand the laws of the
Territory upon the statute-boob, purporting to
have been regularly enacted, in strict accordance
with the power and authority conferred upon the
people of that Territory by Congress. The third
section of the second article of the Constitution de-
clares that the President " shall take care that
the laws be faithfully executed." Butthe propo-
sition before the committee is not to repeal the
Kansas laws, which appear to have been regularly
enacted by the Territorial Legislature thereof,
but to repeal and nullify that clause of the Consti-
tution. which declares that the President " ghall
take care that the laws be faithfully executed."
The assumption on the part of the advocates
of this revolutionary proceeding is, that the laws
of Kansas are void, because enacted by those
who were not bona fide citizens of the Territory.
If this be so, the Constitution and the laws of the
land point out the remedy. The first section of
the third article of the Constitution declares that
" the judicial power of the United States shall be
vested in one supreme court, and in such inferior
courts as the Congress may from time to time
ordain and establish." The twenty-seventh sec-
tion of the Kansas act ordained and established
a supreme court and other judicial tribunals in
that Territory, with appellate jurisdiction to tha
Supreme Court of the United States. The ques-
tion of the validity of those laws can be tested in
the courts of that Territory upon a proper case
being made; and the judicial department of the
Government is the only one which is authorized
i^y the Constitution to investigate, hear the evi-
dence, and decide upon the validity of those laws.
The executive, legislative, and judicial depart-
ments of the Government are separate and dis-
tinct. The legislative branch of the Government
has no power or authority, with or without evi-
dence, to assume and usurp the judicial functions
of the Government, and undertake to declare the
laws of Kansas, or any other Territory, null and
void. Nor has the legislative branch of the Gov-
ernment any power or authority to interfere with
the constitutional duties of the executive depart-
ment of the Government, and declare that he shall
not take care that the laws be faithfully executed, so
long as such laws remain upon the statute-book.
When Congress shall repeal the laws in Kansas,
or when the proper judicial tribunals shall declare
them null and void, then they will cease to have
any binding force or effect upon anybody. There
is not a lawyer in this House but who knows
perfectly well that the judgment of a court, reg-
ular upon its face, cannot be treated as a nullity,
unless the want of jurisdiction appears upon it;
the sheriff is bound to execute it, and the citizen
bound to respect and obey it, until it shall be set
aside and declared void by some direct and reg-
ular proceeding in the courts for that purpose.
Just so it is with these Kansas laws; they have
been enacted by a regularly organized body, and
it is the sworn constitutional duty of the Presi-
dent to enforce them, and the people to obey
them, until the same shall be repealed by the
proper authority, or declared null and void by
the proper judicial tribunals of the country, as
provided by the Constitution and laws of the land.
The attempt to usurp judicial authority by Con-
gress, to decide upon the validity of laws, regular
upon their face, as well as the attempt to usurp
and control the executive department of the Gov-
ernment in the discharge of its constitutional
duty, in taking care that the laws shall be faith,
fully executed without repealing or instituting
any legal proceedings whatever to invalidate those
laws, is, so far as 1 know or believe, without a
parallel in the history of this Government. It is a
revolutionary movement, which ought to startle
every friend of law and order th roughout the length
and breadth of the land. In the name of my con-
stituents. 1 enter my solemn protest against all
such usurpations of power by the legislative de-
partment of the Government, and all such revolu-
tionary proceedings. The signs of the times in
which we live are indeed pregnant with danger;
