IM
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
January 9.
The question was put, and decided in the affirm-.
UMr. PAINE. I withdraw my proposition, and
make another proposition. I now move that the
ten-minute rule be suspended for the space of [two
hours; and on that motion I move the previous
question.
-Mr. CULLEN. I appeal to the gentleman
from North Carolina to withdraw his call for the
previous question, so as" to allow me'to make a
remark.
Mr. PAINE. At the request of the gentle-
man frora Delaware, [Pvlr. Cullen] I withdraw
the call for the previous question.
Mr. CULLEN took the floor.
Mr. GREENWOOD. The gentleman from
North Carolina [Mr. Paine] has no right to as-
sign the floor to any gentleman he thinks proper.
Mr. PAINE. I have a right to withdraw the
previ6us question at the request of a gentleman.
Mr. HARRIS, of Illinois. The exhibition
through which we are passing, Mr. Clerk,. satis-
fies rue of the correctness of the vote which I
gave some moments ago. I now [fifteen minutes
to six o'clock, a. m.] move that the House ad-
journ.
Mr. PAINE. I rise to a question of order.
Can a motion be made to adjourn while a gentle-
man has the floor, unless he give way for such
motion.
The CLERK. The Clerk clearly understood
the gentleman fiom North Catohna as yielding
the floor, when he withdrew the previous ques-
tion.
Mr. PAINE. I did, at the request of the gen-
tleman from Delaware, [Mr. Ciii.i.en,] give the
floor to him. He asked me to withdraw the
previous question, and I did so.
The CLERIC. A motion to adjourn is always
in order.
Mr. OLIVER, of New York. I move that
when the House adjourns it adjourn till to-mor-
row at twelve o'clock, noon.
Mr. CARHLE. Did the gentleman who
macle the motion to adjourn withdraw that mo-
tion ?
Mr. HARRIS. I did not withdraw it.
The CLERK. Then the Clerk thinks that
the motion to fix a day to adjourn, while a mo-
tion to adjourn is pending, is not in order. By
thu rules of the House, it would he, but under
parliamentary law it is clearly not in order. The
question, then, is on ihe motion of the gentleman
from Illinois, [Mr. Harris.] to adjourn.
Mr. CITMBACK. J demand tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Harris, of
Illinois, and Felton, were appointed.
The House was divided; and the tellers report-
ed—ayes 37, noes 7IS.
So the House refused to adjourn.
Mr. CULLEN. What question is now before
the House'
The CLERK. The motion of the gentleman
from North Carolina [Mr. Paine] to rescind the
ten-minute rule.
Mr. PAINE. The gentleman from Delaware
[Mr. Cum.en] wishes me to yield the lloor for nil
explanation, and 1 do so.
Mr. LETCHER. 1 object to the gentleman
transferring his right to the floor.
Mr. PAlNE. 1 insist on the gentleman from
Virginia |Mr. Letcher] letting things pursue
their regular course. "What l iglit lias lie to ob-
ject?
Mr. LETCHER. I have the right to object
to anything that is not in order in this House, i
just as the gentleman from North Carolina has j
the right. 1 ask to have the objection decided.
If v e are going to do anything here, let us pro-
ceed to do business: if not, let the House adjourn.
Mr. PA1NK. That is another question.
The CLERK. The Clerk thinks that the
point of order raised by the gentleman from
Virginia [Mr. Letcher] is well taken, inas-
much as tlieie is objection to the assignment of
the floor.
Mr. PAINE. I have not assigned the floor.
The gentleman from Delaware [Mr. Cullen]
asked me if I would yield the floor to him for a
few minutes; and have I not the right to comply
with his request ?
The CLERIC. The Clerk thinks that the gen-
tleman from North Carolina has the right to
yield the floor, but then he cannot recover it.
Mr. PAINE. I do not wish to recover it.
Mr. CULLEN. I must commence, first, by
expressing my indebtedness to you, Mr. Clerk,
for the privilege of addressing this House. I
have been seeking the floor for hours, but have
not been able to raise my voice. Now, sir, I
desire to speak in reference to the question before
the House. The proposition is to suspend the
ten-minute rule. I am in favor of that proposi-
tion. I say that justice cannot be done while
this rule limiting debate to ten minutes is in force.
Gentlemen cannot make the explanations which
they may deem necessary in that short space of
time. I have very little to say, but nevertheless
I have for some time had an anxiety to get the
floor. Various charges have been made against
the party with which I am connected. Charges
are made by a dozen different men, and we are
restricted to ten minutes to answer them all.
Why, sir, what sort of a liberty, what sort of a
privilege, is that? [Laughter.] Liberty ofspeecli,
sir, is one of the dearest privileges that we have.
We regard liberty of speech as among our dearest
rights—as dear as the rights of property and
other inalienable rights. I say it is utterly impos-
sible for us in ton minutes to answer the charges
that are made all round us. Now, my friends
are pressing mo to speak in favor of rescinding
this ten-minute rule. Mr. Clerk, let us do justice
to all parties. You have tried voting for five
weeks without effect. Now let us try talking.
[Great laughter.] Let us try aiguments, and see
if something cannot be accomplished. Give us
an open field and fair fight. I trust the House
will repeal the ten-minute resolution.
Mr. ALLEN obtained the floor, but Welded to
Mr. OLIVER, of New York, who said: I now
renew the motion 1 made some time ago. I move
that when this House adjourns, it adjourn to meet
on Friday, at ten o'clock, a. m.
Mr. MORGAN. I demand the yeas and nays
upon the motion.
i\lr. JONEfcJ, of Tennessee. I ask for tellers
upon the yeas and nays.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Morgan
and Elliott were appointed.
The question was taken; and the tellers re-
ported—ayes 51; a sufficient number.
So the yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and decided in the
negative—yeas (16, nays 110; as follows:
YFiA.S — Messrs. Aikon, Allen, P.ark-^lule, ftoeock,
Biancii, Bu.neu, Jo'm i\ Campb^l, Leu'i-- i). Campbell,
Cam the r.', v.:o\, i).ivn«-oij. Henry Wintu X)avt>, Denver,
Do Witt. IKwdell, JJdwanN, MJIiott. P/thcnd".', Mimi-?,
Evans, Florence, lleni) IU. Fullei, Thomas J.'i). Fuller,
(rieuuwoutt, J. Moric-on Uains, .Sampson W, Ifainy,
Thomas L Ilam^, Harrison, llavei^ IIoibr>it, Hoffman,
Valentine B. Ilorton, George \V. Jones, Kent, Keimett,
Lake, landley, Humphry Marshal], jSknuiel S. Maisduili,
McQucen, Smith Miller, MilUon, Mill waul, Moore, Anchuw
Oliver, Mordecai Oliver, Oir, Paine, Pennington, Ph<.*ip«,
Porter, Pungle, Ricaud, Savage, William It. Smith, Snood,
Stewait, Sv\ope, Talbott, Tujipe, Underwood, Watktns,
Wheeler, Win*.lo\v, John V. Wriaht, and ZollieoUei—fi6.
NAYS—Messts. Albnjilit, Allu^on^ Banks, Baibour,
Henry Hennctt, Ben-on, Ihngham, Bowie, Bronton, Brooks,
Bulmigton, lUtrlmit'ime, Oadwahuier, James {]. Campbell,
(Jarhh', Caviar*, Chaliec, Claw son, Clingman, Howell ('obh,
Williamson 11. W. Colih, Colfav, Conuns, Cragui, Cullen,
Cmnbaek, Damrell,Timothy Davis, l)a\, Dean, Diek^on,
Dodd, Dunn, Edmunds-on, faimio, linghi-h, Flagler, (.^id-
dirn^, Glillicit, Changer,(hmv, Augustus. Hall, II.u lan, Hol-
loway, Thomas K. Ilorton, Houston, Howard, Jewett. ivoHy,
Kelsey, Km;,', Knapp, Knight, Kuowlton, Km>.\, Loiter,
Letcher, Lumpkin, Matteson. Ma.uvell, MeOuty, Mt*aeli-
am, Kiilian Miller,Moigan,Moriill,Mott, Murray, No ton,
Packer, Pearce, Peck, Pelton, Petnt, 1'ike, Pumaneo,
Quitman, Re.ide, Hubert?, Puffin, Ru-t, Subirt, Ho^e, ^an-
didge, Sapp, Sheunan, Ppmnoi, Stanton, Stephens, {<uan-
ahan, Tappan, Tujdoi, Thormgton, Thurston, Todd, Tiat-
ton, Valk, Wade, Wakeman, W«dbijd;:e, Waloiou, War-
ner, CadwaJader C. Wnshimme, Rlhhu B Wa-.hbmne,
Israel Waohbiun, Watson, Welch, Wood, Woodiuff,
Woodwocth, and Darnel B. Wright—liO,
So tlie House refused to adjourn over to Fri-
day.
Pending the call of the roll,
Mr. BURNETT (when his name was called)
said: As it has become the custom for gentlemen
to assign reasons for the votes they give, I desire,
before recording my vote upon this motion, to
say a few words by way of personal explanation.
There has been no man upon this floor more
earnestly desirous fcr the organization of this
House, and for the transaction of the public busi-
ness the country demands at our hands, than I
have. Up to tnis time, sir, I have voted with
rny party, in pursuance of the resolution adopted
in caucus, that the Democrats of the House would
vote against all adjournments until a Speaker was
elected. I will state, however, that I was not
present at the caucus which adopted that res-
olution; I was not in the city of Washington at
the,time. But we have tested fully the question
whether or not a night session would result in
the election of a Speaker. We have tried the
experiment now for seventeen hours. The
clerks of the House are nearly worn out jvith
fatigue; gentlemen upon this floor are nearly
worn out; I myself have slept but little for the
last six nights. But nevertheless, sir, if I saw
the remotest possibility of bringing about the
election of Speaker, I would sit m my seat, and
vote against all adjournments until it was physi-
cally impossible for me to sit longer. I ask the
members of this House, I ask those who have
been here for years, whether the scenes we have
passed through during the past night are such as
arc calculated to facilitate the organization of
this House ?
Now I desire to know what we are to accom-
plish by sitting here longerp I ask the gentlemen
upon theoCherMde of the House—of the Repub-
lican party, I ask my friends of the same party,
what is to be gained by keeping men m their
seats here, until it is physically impossible for
them ionger to attend our sessions? Sir, if there
is one gentleman here who believes that there is
the slightest hope of electing a Speaker by re-
maining longer, let him proclaim it; for myself,
1 can see none.
One gentleman, in alluding to the scenes we
have passed through, told us that the House was
playing a comcdy. Sir, we have been acting a
farce, not a comedy.
I say again, that I 'will sit here as long as my
vote is needed, if anything can be accomplished
by it; but, in my humble judgment, we have
tested the question thoroughly. I ask members
on all sides of the House what they expect to ac-
complish? And if we can accomplish nothing,
why should we not adjourn ? I have not, since
the commencement of the session, been in the
habit of voting for early adjournments. Up to
the present time, I have voted in almost every
instance against all motions to adjourn. But,
unless we can have some assurance that there is
some prospect of securing the election of Speaker
by longer continuance in this course, I shall feel
compelled-, worn out as the members and as the
clerks are, to vote in favor of adjournments in
future. I appeal to the generosity of gentlemen
to allow the adjournment to take place. Gentle-
men are now asleep in their seats in various parts
of the Hall. I shall vote in favor of the adjourn-
ment.
Mr. BOWIE took the floor.
The CLERK. Debate is out of order, unless
when a gentleman rises to explain as his name is
called; the gentleman's name has been passed.
Mr; BOWIE. But when a gentleman raises a
question of order, that point of order is debatable.
The CLERK. The gentleman is not in order.
[Cries of " Order, order!"]
Mr. BOWIE. Who calls order ?
The CLERIC. The Clerk submits to the gen-
tleman's generosity. He will please take his seat.
Mr. BOWIE. I take my seat, although I dif-
fer with the Clerk in regard! to the parliamentary
law bearing on the question.
Mr. L1NDLEY. Mr. Clerk, I do notwish to
make an explanation of my vote. If the Demo-
cratic party, under its new leadership, is determ-
ined to starve gentlemen, and to render them
incapable of sitting here for, and to compel, the
election of a gentleman from Massachusetts, [Mr.
Ranks,] so far as I am concerned they can suc-
ceed. 1 am not able to stay here any longer. I
shall vote this time to adjourn; if it does not
succeed, I shall not be present at the next vote.
Mr. HOFFMAN. Mr. Clerk, in considera-
tion of the reason assigned by the gentleman from
Missouri,! will change my vote, and vote in
favor of tiie adjournment.
Mr. PECK. Mr. Clerk, before voting I de-
sire to say, that if I had consulted my own opin-
ion, and been influenced by my own feelings of
propriety, and justice to myself and the coun-
try, I would on several previous occasions have
voted for the adjournment. I should have done
so, because the scenes enacted here to-night
reflect no credit on Congress, and do no honor
to the people whom we represent. But, sir, as
