1856.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
195
34th Cong....1st Sess.
Kansas Contested Election—Mr. Taylor.
Ho. op Reps.
upon any point connected with it, is necessarily
based upon the facts presented in the record.
But this I am constrained to say—he is convicted
by his own record. His own acts, as they stand
upon it, show that he cannot be heard; that he
ought not to be heard; and that he is entitled to no
credit whatever if he is heard. If the facts which
he now alleges in his memorial, with respect to
the first election for members of the Territorial !
Legislature, holden under his authority,are true,
he was guilty of the grossest violation of an offi-
cial oath, and of the most shameless dereliction i
of a high public duty ever yet known to the
American people, when he issued the certificates
declaring those members duly elected, and when
he recognized them as composing a legally-con-
stituted Legislature, after they had been convoked
on his call; and if, on the other hand, the facts
alleged in his memorial are not true, why, then,
he is guilty of a deliberate falsehood, and utters
it with as malignant a design to do public mis-
chief, as ever yet disgraced and blackened any
violation of the truth. So that, no matter from
what point of view you regard him, as now ex-
hibited in the public records of the country, he
has no right to be heard upon the point in ques-
tion; nor can any one who is engaged in the
discharge of a public duty give any weight to
his representations, without striking at the very
foundation of those principles, the maintenance of
which has been hitherto considered, in all civil-
ized society, as essential to success in all public
inquiries after truth.
Now, sir, there is no case here which can
properly engage the attention of the House, for
there is no evidence before us which will justify
any inquiry into the circumstances connected
with the election of Whitfield prior to the date
of the certificate; but if it were otherwise, and a i
case did exist, there is no power on the part of
the House to engage in such an inquiry at this
time. This House has, under the Constitution, |
the right " tp judge of the elections, returns, and
qualifications of its own members." That clause
of the Constitution applies in terms to the " mem-
bers" of the House, and does not necessarily
embrace the Delegates of Territories. It cannot i i
be extended to Delegates, unless this position be ■
true; that is to say, that where the reason of the '
thing is the same, the provision, whether it be of
a constitution or of a law, shall have the same j
application. If that be so, those who advocate I
the adoption of this resolution are placed in this i i
dilemma: either the constitutional provision does I;
not apply to the election of Delegates; and then, j j
as no power can exist'in either House of Con-
gress, unless it is given by the Constitution, or
by an act of Congress, there is no. authority ■
whatever in the House to engage in ^ny investi-
gation with respect to the election of a Delegate
from a Territory, beyond the mere examination
of the credentials presented by him; or the act of
1851, on the subject of contested elections, also
applies to the election of Delegates from the Ter-
ritories. If the act of 185] applies, then this
matter is not rightfully before us, and no inquiry :
as to Whitfield s-right to sit here as a Delegate 1
can be entertained, for that act was adopted for
the purpose of limiting the period within which
inquiries of this nature should be gone into, and
for regulating the manner in which the proceedings
had in real contests should be carried on. Now,
by the provisions of this act, if they apply to
elections of Delegates, and if the provisions of
the Constitution apply and give authority to the
House, no contest can be earried on with regard
to the right of a sitting Delegate, unless it were
begun within the time fixed, and was carried on
in the manner provided for in that statute. That
time has passed by, and the requirements of the
act have not been in the slightest degree com-
plied with.
And this is the position in which gentlemen
on the other side of the House are placed. Either
the House has not the power under the Constitu-
tion, or the act of 1851 applies. If the act applies,
then it is clear there can be no contest on behalf
of any individual with respect to the seat of Mr.
Whitfield. If the act does not apply, it is because
the constitutional provision is limited to cases of
elections of members of the House of Represent-
atives. No matter which horn of the dilemma is
taken, the right to grant this authority to send
for persons and papers asked for by the commit-
tee, can have no existence with respect to this
particular election.
Mr. WAKEMAN. I would like to ask the
gentleman from Louisiana a question. I would
\ like to inquire of him whether, if he admits the
! constitutional right of each House to judge of the
election, returns, and qualifications of its own
members, he denies the right of the House of Rep-
resentatives to judge of the election, returns, and
qualifications of Delegates from the Territories ?
Mr. TAYLOR. The House would have a right
to decide upon them under the territorial act of
Kansas. It would have a right to look at the
credentials presented by those who come here,
and to say whether they were, or were not, such
as were required by the territorial act. The
House would have no authority to go beyond
that, and for the very simple reason that the
House would be restricted in their inquiry within
precisely the same limits which the Government
of the nation would be restricted to when the
agent of a foreign Government comes here and
claims the right to be received as its representa-
tive. In cases of that kind there are only two
questions to be determined: first, are the cre-
dentials presented by him in due form; and sec-
ond, were the credentials granted to the agent by
the government of the country from which he
came ? The first question would be decided upon
a simple inspection of the credentials submitted.
The second one would be determined by an in-
quiry into a single fact, viz: is the government
which granted the credentials in the actual exer-
cise of power over the people of the country
which the agent claims to represent ? If this fact
is ascertained, no inquiry is gone into as to the
legitimacy of the government. Whether it is
the government de jure, or a government de facto,
is entirely immaterial. The government in the
actual possession of power over the country is
entitled to be represented, and can, by its acts,
bind the country over which it exercises actual
dominion.
The Delegate of a Territory is in no sense a
member of tlie House of Representatives. He is
the mere agent of a distinct portion of people who
are authorized by law to associate themselves to-
gether in a particular manner. This question was
presented to the Congress of the United States in
the first contested-election case, (that of James
White: Contested Elections, p. 83,) which grew
up in relation to the right of a Delegate from the
Territory south of the Ohio river to a seat on
this floor. In that case, every member who
spoke on the subject—and among those who did
speak upon it wereMr. Madison, Mr. Swift, Mr.
Dexter, and '.Mr. Smith of South Carolina—
regarded the Delegate as not a member. They
decided that he was simply an agent—a sort of
envoy from one political community to another
political community. And such was the clearness
of their opinion on that point, that, when the
question arose, Should he, or should he not, be
sworn ? the House decided that no oath could be
administered to him. It was even said by some
of the members that, if he were willing to take it,
it would be improper to allow him to do so.
As a mere question of international law—as a
question which has been examined and decided
upon by all the regularly-constituted authorities
of this Government, in regulating our intercourse
with other nations, it has always been held by us
that no people—no Government, has a right to
go behind the credentials which emanate from the
Government de facto of a foreign State, or of a
distinct community, for the purpose of inquiring
whether that Government is also a Government
de jure. And the same principle seems to have
been distinctly recognized as applicable to the
cases of Delegates from our own Territories, by
the action of this House in the contest as to the
right of Jonathan Jennings to be received as the
Delegate from the Territory of Indiana, which
took place in 1809. In that case the committee
charged with the investigation of the case, report-
ed (Contested Elections, p. 243, &c.) that, "Af-
ter a deliberate examination of the laws relative
to the Indiana Territory," they " consider it to be
their duty to investigate the authority under which
the election of Delegate to represent that Terri-
tory was held, previous to an examination of the
irregularities suggested; because, if the election
was held without authority of law, it was void,
without regard to irregularities." The committee
did make the investigation proposed, and decided
that the proclamation of the Governor, directing
the election of a Delegate, was made without any
authority of law. They then submitted a reso-
lution declaring " That the election held for a
Delegate to Congress for the Indiana Territory,
on the 22d of May, 1809, being without authority
of law, is void; and that, consequently, the seat of
Jonathan Jennings, as a Delegate for that Terri-
tory, is vacant." When this resolution was con-
sidered by the House, a motion was made to
strike out the words, " withoutauthority of law,"
which was negatived by a vote of 51 to 45. The
whole subject was fully debated; and when the
question on the adoption of the resolution as re-
ported was put, the House rejected it by a vote of
83 against 30. And this is the answer to the ques-
tion put to me.
And now, Mr. Speaker, it is proper for me to
say something on another question. The advo-
cates of this resolution assume that, if their reso-
lution be not adopted—if this right be not given to
them to send for persons and papers, it is because
the members on this side of the House. are dis-
posed to smother inquiry. They are mistaken.
The members on this side of the House are dis-
posed to permit no irregular, no improper, no un-
constitutional exercise of power with regard to a
question which is to be regulated on fixed and
settled principles. They are unwilling that an
act of power should be perpetrated by this House
which may lead to consequences that no man can
look forward to without apprehension—an act
of power which, if taken as a precedent, may
ahve the effect hereafter of placing two coordinate
branches of the Government in opposition to each
other—which may make this House recognize a
particular district of country as a State, and the
House at the other end of the Capitol as a Terri-
tory; or make this House recognize it as a Terri-
tory, and the House at the other end of the Capitol
recognize it as a State. So far as relates to the
questions involved—so far as relates to the validity
or invalidity of the present government of Kan-
sas—so far as relates to the validity or invalidity
of the laws adopted there, that is a question which
passes beyond the jurisdiction of this House, as.
a separate House, and beyond the jurisdiction of
the Senate as a separate body. It is a question
which appertains to the Congress of the United
States.
The very eloquent gentleman from Maryland,
[Mr. Davis,} who addressed the House yester-
day upon this subject, said much that I concur
fully in. But he seemed to have fallen into what
I conceive to be a very grave error,,in relation to,
the question of right, and in relation to,the ques-.
tion of power. That gentlemaa looked to the
legislation of the country as it now stands. He
looked upon the part which the Executive of the
country is bound tp play under the laws; but h*
did not seem to embrace the whole subject. He
did not take that enlarged view-which it is neces-
sary should be taken when we come to examine
questions of this nature, and to determine upon
our action. He asserted that the Executive of
the United States was vested with the sole power
of determining whether the government which
now exists in Kansas was the rightful govern-
ment.
Now, while I agree with him, that at this time
the Executive is vested with that authority, I for
one did not concur with him in the opinion that
that power is supreme, and that the exercise of
it is final and conclusive. The executive power
of the Government, so far as it has any connec-
tion with this subject, is limited to taking cars
that the laws of the United States " be faithfully
executed." It is the duty of the President of the.
United States to enforce all the acts of Congress;
and the right to which the gentleman from Mary-
land referred as now vested in the President is
specially conferred upon him by the legislative
action of Congress.
The Constitution of the United States declares
that, in the event of an insurrection in any of the
States against Slate authority, Congress shall
have power to suppress that insurrection; but
