1850.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
921
annual report for 1855; which, on motion of Mr.
FiTZPATRicK.was referred to the Committee on
Printing.
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS.
Mr. STUART presented a memorial of citi-
zens of Buffalo, New York, praying that the
provisions of the "Act to limit the liability of
ship-owners and for other purposes," approved
March 3, 1851, may be made to apply to the
owners of ships and vessels navigatingthe Great
"Weslern Lakes and the waters connected there-
with ; which was referred to the Committee on
Commerce.
Mr. BIGLER presented a memorial of citizens
of Pennsylvania, praying for the adoption of
measures to secure the construction of a railroad
to the Pacific ocean; which was referred to the
select committee on the Pacific railroad.
Mr. DURKEE presented a memorial of one
hundred and fifty-three citizens of Milwaukie,
Wisconsin, remonstrating against the extension
of Woodworth's patent for a planing machine;
which was referred to the Committee on Patents
and the Patent Office.
Also, the petition of Sally C. Northrop, pray-
ing that she may bp allowed to locate certain cer-
tificates for bounty land warrants, purchased by
her in good faith, and that patents may be issued"
to her for the same; which was referred to the
Committee on Private Land Claims.
Mr. WRIGHT presented amemorialof citizens
of Jersey City, New Jersey, praying for the
adoption of measures for the construction of a
railroad to the Pacific; which was referred to the
Committee on the Post Office and Post Roads.
PAPERS WITHDRAWN.
Mr. BELL, of Tennessee. I move that the
heirs and legal representatives of John Campbell
have leave to withdraw his petition and papers,
asking for an equitable settlement of his accounts
as deputy assistant quartermaster in the revolu-
tionary war, with a view to present them to the
Court of Claims.
The motion was agreed to.
BILL INTRODUCED.
Mr. SEWARD aslted, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a joint resolu-
tion (S. R. No. 15) concerning the discovery of
Guano islands; which was read the first and sec-
ond times by unanimous consent, and referred to
the Committee on Foreign Relations.
REPORTS PROM COMMITTEES.
Mr. BROWN, from the Committee on the Dis-
trict of Columbia, who were instructed by a res-
olution of the Senate to inquire into and report
on the jurisdiction of the Congress of the United
States over the avenues of the city of Washing-
ton, and whether those avenues have been ob-
structed, reported a bill (S. No. 251) to authorize
the Commissioner of Public Buildings to remove
obstructions from certain streets and avenues in
the city of Washington, and to prevent trespasses
on the same; which was read the first time, and
passed to a second reading. He also submitted
a report on the subject; which was ordered to be
printed.
Mr. ALLEN, from the Committee on the Dis-
trict of Columbia, to whom was referred the bill
(S. No. 101) to incorporate the Friends Aid So-
ciety of the District of Columbia, reported it
without amendment, and with a recommendation
tiiat it do not pass.
DISTRICT ARMORY.
Mr. BROWN. The Committee on the Dis-
trict of Columbia, to whom was recommitted the
joint resolution (S. R. No. 13) changing the lo-
cation of the District armory from the Mall to
Judiciary Square, in the city of Washington,
with instructions to report a bill repealing the act
making the appropriation for the construction of
the armory, and to provide for the payment of
damages which may have accrued to the con-
tractors, have had the same underconsideration,
and rlirected me to report, in accordance with the
instructions of the Senate, a bill repealing so much
of the act of March 3, 1855, as provides for the
erection of an nrmorv in the city of Washington.
The bill was read the first and second time.
Mr BROWN. In \icw of the action of the
Senate yesterday and the necessity for disposing
of this question at once, I am instructed by the
committee to move to put the bill on its passage
at once, which I do without further comment.
The PRESIDENT. It requires unanimous
consent.
Mr. STUART. I object.
UNITED STATES COURTS IN DELAWARE.
Mr. BAYARD. I am instructed by the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary to report back, without
amendment, the bill (S. No. 232) to change the
place of holding the courts of the United States
m the district of Delaware. It is a bill to which
there can be no opposition; and I ask the Senate
to consider it, and put it on its passage now. It
is requisite that the change should be made, as
the building provided for the courts is now fin-
ished, and this bill ought to be passed in time to
make processes returnable to the proper place.
There can be no possible objection to it by any
person.
Therebeingno objection,theSenateproceeded,
as in Committee of the Whole, to consider the
bill.
It provides that the courts of the United States,
in and for the district of Delaware, shall hereafter
be held at the city of Wilmington, in that State,
and that the offices of the clerks of the circuit
and district courts for the district, shall be held
in that city. No processes issued, or proceedings
pending in either of the courts are to be avoided
or impaired by this change of place; but all pro-
cesses, bail-bonds, and recognizances returnable
at the next term, are to be returnable and returned
to the next term, as if there had been no change of
place.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, and ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading. It was read the third time, and
passed.
FOREIGN COINS.
M<- HUNTER. I am directed bj the Com-
mit ee on Finance to report an amendment to a
bit which is pending, (S. No. 190,) relating to.
: ,reign coins, and to the coinage of cents at the
Mint of the United States. I hope it will be
taken up and acted upon.
The motion was agreed to; and the bill was
read a second time, and considered as in Com-
mittee of the Whole.
It provides that the pieces commonly known as
the quarter, eighth, and sixteenth of the Spanish
pillar dollar, and of the Mexican dollar, shall be
receivable at the Treasury of the United States,
and its several offices, and at the several post of-
fices and land offices, at the following rates of
valuation: the fourth of a dollar, or piece of two
reals, at twenty cents; the eighth of a dollar, or
piece of one real, at ten cents; and the sixteenth
of a dollar, or half a real, at five cents. The
pieces are to be a legal tender for the payment of
debts for all sums not exceeding five dollars, at
the values thus fixed upon, for the space of two
years from the passage of this bill. These pieces,
when once received by the Government, are not
to be paid out again, but are to be recoined at
the Mint. . .
It also proposes to authorize the President ot
the United States, whenever he shall deem it ex-
pedient, to issue his proclamation legalizing a ne w
cent piece, to be formed either by a reduction in
the weight of copper in the present cent, or of
some other metal or alloy, and of such weight,
shape, and devices as the Director of the Mint,
with the approbation of the Secretary of the
Treasury, may recommend.
The Secretary of the Treasury, under such
rules and resulations as he may, from time to
time, establish, is to have power to authorize and
require medals to be struck at the Mint for the
several States, incorporated companies, and so-
cieties that may apply for them, at a reasonable
price for the labor and materials, striking two
copies, in bronze, for a cabinet of metals to be
kept in the Mint; and, out of the profits, obtain
duplicate copies, in bronze, for the cabinet of all
medals Which have been struck at the Miii.
Hereafter the Superintendent of the Mint is to
make his annual report to the Secretary ot the
Treasury up to the 30th of June m each year, so
that it may appear in the Secretary's annual re-
port to Congress on the finances.
Mr HUNTER. I am instructed by the Com-
mittee on Finance to offer the following, as a
substitute for the present fifth section of the bill
which provides for the coinage of a new cent
piece:
That from and after the passage of this act, the standard
weight of the cent coined at the Mint eh all be ninety-six:
grains, or two tenths of one ounce troy, with no greater
deviation than four grains in each piece. That-said cent
shall be composed of copper, with an admixture, not ex-
ceeding five per centum in weight, of metals which may
render it more suitable for the purpose of coinage, and of
such shape and device as may be fixed by the-director of
the Mint, with the approbation of the Secretary of tb*
Treasury."
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate as amended,
and the amendment made as in Committee of the
Whole was concurred in. The bill was ordered
to be engrossed for a third reading, and was read
the third time and i
HOUSE BILL REFERRED.
The bill (H. R. No. 72) for the relief of John
S. Pendleton was read a first and second time by
its title, and referred to the Committee on Foreign
Relations.
MESSAGE FROM THE HOUSE.
A message was received from the House of
Representatives, by Mr. Barclay, Assistant
Clerk, announcing that the House had "passed- the
bill of the Senate (S. No. 79) for the relief of
Jacob Dodson; andabill (H.R.No.99) to amend
'' An act to provide forthe payment of horses and
other property lost or destroyed in the military
service of the United States," approved March
3, 1849, in which they requested the concurrence
of the Senate.
OFFICERS OF THE CUSTOMS.
Mr. HAMLIN. As the Senator from Vermont
desires the S#nate to consider the bounty land
bill, I will simply give notice that to-morrow
morning, at half-past twelve o'clock, I shall ask
the Senate to take up the bill relating to the ap-
pointment of officers of the customs, and to
provide for tlieir compensation, which has long
since been reported and placed among the special
orders.
BOUNTY LAND BILL.
On motion of Mr. FOOT, the Senate, as in
Committee of#the Whole, resumed the consid-
eration of House bill <H. R. No. 8) to amend
the "Act in addition to the several acts granting
bounty land to certain officers e^id soldiers who
have been engaged in the military service of the
United States," approved March 3,1855.
The PRESIDENT. The question pending is
on the amendment of the Senator from Georgia
[Mr. Iverson] to the substitute of the commit-
Mr. FOOT. I understand that that Senator
desires to be heard further on that proposition.
Tne PRESIDENT. The amendment will be
read.
The Secretary read it, as follows:
Jlnd le it further cnactet, That where any company,
battalion, or regiment, in an organized form, marche d more
than twenty miles to the place where they were mastered
into the service of the United States, or were discharged
more than twenty miles from the place where s,ueh com-
pany, battalion, or regiment was organized; in all such
cases, in computing the length of scrvice of the oaiceis and
soldiers of any such company, battalion, or regiment, with
a view to deteimine the quantity of land any officer or sol-
dier is entitled to tmder the act entitled, " An act m addition
to certain acts granting bounty huld to certain onieors ana
soldier* who have been engaged in the mihtaiy service of
the United States,5> approved 3d of March, 185o, there shall
be allowed one day lor every twenty miles fiom the place
where the company, battalion, or regiment was organized,
to the place where the same was mustered into the scrvice
of the United Suites! and also, one day lor every twenty
miles from the place where such company, battalion, or
regiment was discharged, to the place whei e it was oi gan-
ized, and from whence it marched to enter the scrvice.
Mr. IVBRSON. Mr. President, I rather regret
that this question has come up at this stage of
the session, in the morning hour, because usually
Senators are then so much occupied with private
matters, that it is very difficult to get the atten-
tion of the Senate, or to obtain an intelligent vote
on a proposition of this sort, in which they are
not particularly interested. I desire to submit a
very few remarks in regard to the proposition
which I have presented. I do not feel any great
personal interest in the matter, although there
are some of my constituents who do.
The proposition, as will be perceived by the
Senate, is to give to those soldiers who were
called into the service of*the United States, and
, who were engaged in marching either from the
