m
appendix to the congressional globe.
[March 13,
34th Cong....1st Sess.
Kansas Contested Election—Mr. Taylor.
Ho. of Reps.
the Constitution is silent as to the means that
are to be'made use of. The power itself was
devolved upon Congress; but before it could be
properly exercised it was requisite that piovision
should "be made for it by law. Well, sir, very
soon after the organization of the Government)
troubles orew up in different States. There was
an insurrection in Pennsylvania growing out of
the operation of the excise laws. There was an
insurrection in Massachusetts growing out of
some other local cause. When the first of these
insurrections occurred, the Government of the
United States had not yet provided for that con-
tingency. In 1792, however, when the first
emergency arose, the national Legislature passed
an act giving to the President authority to wield
the military force of the country for the accom-
plishment of the object contemplated in the Con-
stitution. In 1795, a subsequent difficulty having
occurred, the public attention was again directed
to the subject, and that legislation was somewhat
modified; but the legislation of 1795 continues
to be the existing legislation upon the subject.
It is by virtue of that legislation that the Execu-
tive now possesses the power to which the gen- '
tic man from Maryland alluded. This power, j
however, is not an independent power, to be
exercised by him without supervision or inquiry |
from any other department of the Government, j
The manner in which he exercises it is always ;
open to inquiry.
It is competent for the Congress of the United i
States, at any time, in their legislative capacity, ;
to repeal that law. It is competent for the Con- J
gress of the United States, in its legislative capa-
city, to revise the manner in which that power has ;
been exercised, or to provide new means and new j
rules for its exercise in the future. But, sir, I
the time to which I am limited by the rules of the |
House will not permit any elaboration of these \
views, or, indeed, allow me to present many I
others which occur to my mind, to the consider- j
ation of the House. j
I will refer, however, for a moment, to a case !
which once engaged the public attention very '
much in the United States; and which, if looked
at rightly, will furnish lessons that may be useful
to us in this emergency. I refer to the case which
was alluded to yesterday in debate—the Rhode
Island case. If that case be carefully examined, I
think that the facts which it presents for our con-
sideration will admonish us that the steps pro-
posed to be taken by the advocates of this reso-
lution are wrong—that the steps proposed to be
taken by these gentlemen are dangerous ones—
that the contemplated decision by this House of
questions of the greatest national importance, and
which are-«n titled'to, and should receive the
gravest consideration, not only of all the coor-
dinate branches of the Government, but of the
whole American people, ought, in justice to the
country and to the cause of good government, to
be postponed to an other, and a more fit occasion.
In Rhode Island there was a chapter govern-
ment existing which limited the exercise of the '
political power of the State to a small portion of j
its population. In the progress of events, the I
portion of the people who were excluded from all 1
exercise of political power, and who saw them- I
selves surrounded by other States with more
liberal institutions—institutions under which the
right of suffrage and eligibility to office, were !
conceded to a much larger portion of the popula- 1
tion—became discontented. They asserted that
there were provisions in the charter which im-
posed improper restraints upon their rights. They
began agitating; but, when they began to agitate,
they found a government in existence—a govern-
ment which, up to that time, had been always
regarded as a government de facto and tie jure.
Well,sjT, after agitating for a length of time, they
did what the advocates of this resolution uphold
the people in Kansas for doing. They proceeded,
by their own authority, to elect delegates, who
met for the purpose of framing a constitution and 1
government for the State of Rhode Island, to dis-
place and put aside the then existing government.
These delegates met together and framed a con-
stitution. That constitution was submitted to
the people, and, at the election holden to decide i
upon it, not only a very large majority of the \
people of the whole State voted for the new con- i
stitution, but a majority of those to whom the
exercise of the power of the State was given by
the charter government itself, gave it the sanction
of their votes. The body of the people of Rhode
Island then proceeded, under the authority of the
new constitution, to elect State officers. They
elected an Executive and a Legislature, and this
Executive and the Legislature, as in the case of the
constitution, received not only the vote of a major-
ity of the people, but a majority of the legal voters
under the charter. But the authorities under the
charter would not yield up the power which it had
placed in their hands, and claimed to be the govern-
ment de facto. The contest ripened into hostilities,
and the danger of a war between the parties be-
came imminent. Military forces were arrayed on
one side and on the other; and in that critical,
menacing conjuncture, that occurred in Rhode
Island which has occurred in Kansas. The Ex-
ecutive de facto called on the Executive of this
nation to wield its power to put down insurrec-
tions, to prevent collisions and the shedding of
blood by brethren in deadly conflict. The Pres-
ident of the United States declared his purpose to
sustain the government de facto, as the one known
to the constitution and laws; and what was the
result? There was no hostile conflict. The Le-
gislature elected under the constitution thus set
up separated—the Executive fled. The govern-
ment de facto was permitted to exercise all its
powers; and what then happened ? Were those
who thus yielded, trampled to the earth—des-
poiled of their rights—because they submitted to
1 the existing government, oppressive though it
seemed to be, rather than engage in a conflict not
sanctioned by law ? No, sir; the evils complained
of by them were remedied by their presenting
themselves at the polls at the subsequent election,
and speaking through the ballot-boxes. The
wrongs which they had endured were redressed
by their own strength and power. Not exerted
on a field of battle—not displayed amid scenes of
turbulence and strife, and filling a whole country
with fear " that anarchy was come again," but
by the decided yet peaceful expression of their
opinions at the times and places, and in the modes
prescribed by law. And now the Executive of the
United States has been called on in the present
case to exercise the same power as in the Rhode
Island case, and under what may possibly be,
similar circumstances; and he has declared his in-
tention to exercise that power. That power will
be exercised if it be necessary, as it would have
been exercised in Rhode Island; first to put down
that illegal assemblage which now claims to ex-
ercise the powers of government in the Kansas
Territory, under the authority of a constitution
which has been set up by them and their confed-
erates in opposition to the existing government
which was established there by the concurrent
action of the National Congress and the Execu-
tive; and secondly, it will be exerted for the pur-
pose of preventing the intrusion of all those into
the Territory, with the intent and design to inter-
fere with the exercise of the rights given to the in-
habitants of that Territory by the territorial act;
whether they are pro-slavery men, or anti-slavery
men—whether they came from the North or from
the South. And it will be exerted, too, to pre-
vent or repress the disorders and violence, no
matter how excited or provoked, which would be
calculated to hinder or disturb the exercise of the
right of the real inhabitants of the Territory to
the most perfect freedom of suffrage.
The contestant in this case claims to be a Del-
egate representing the people of the Territory of
Kansas. Let us not forget that that contestant
was Governor—the chief executive authority in
the Territory of Kansas when these disturbances,
which have been so loudly spoken of, are alleged
to have taken place. If they had had any exist-
ence, it was his duty—and he was false to his ob-
ligation to the country, he was false to his oath
of office, if he failed to discharge it—to inform
the Executive of the United States of their occur-
rence, and to call on him to interpose his power
to prevent their recurrence or to repress them.
Had he done so—admitting for one moment that
any facts countenancing the contestant's present
allegations were in existence at the time he now
speaks of—the troubles and disturbances which it
is said have since broken out there would never
have occurred, and frightened men from their
propriety. But he failed to discharge his duty, if
the facts did exist; and now he urges on his friends
here, after he has violated his duty to his country
in one department of the Government, to violate
their duty to the nation, their duty to the Consti-
tution, their duty to the rights of man in another
department of the Government; and insists that
: they should take a step in opposition to every
' principle of public law—to every dictate of sound
policy—and to every motive of personal propri-
ety—which may result in a contest in which fra-
ternal blood may be shed, unless the spirit of
lawlessness and violence which is now stalking
through the land is laid by counsels of mingled
firmness and moderation.
Now, sir, we have a high duty to perform; and
the question arises: How shall we perform it in
acting upon the question before us? My own
opinion is, that we shall best discharge itby throw-
ing aside this contest, which has no existence in
fact; for which there is no legal ground; with
respect to which there is no evidence on which
men having respect for themselves can act; and
by allowing time to pass by for the exercise of
the power which the national Legislature has
conferred on the Executive. Let us wait until
another election arrives. If it be true, as these
gentlemen assert, that there is a large majority
of persons entertaining the sentiments which they
; seem to entertain now settled in Kansas Terri-
tory, what would be the result of such a course?
If the executive power be exercised, the intrusion
of armed men—of those persons spoken of aa
border ruffians—will be prevented, and any vio-
lence, no matter from what quarter it comes, will
be repressed, and the inhabitants—the bona fide
settlers—will have an opportunity of giving ex-
pression to their sentiments freely through the
ballot-box. Then the changes which they desire
to make in the legislation of the country will be,
made peacefully, rightfully, through the exercise
of the only power which is legitimate—the only
power which any American citizen can desire to
have exerted in such a contest—the power of the
individual citizen, acting with his peers and
speaking with sovereign authority through the
ballot-box.
But, sir, it may be said that a different result
may take place. It is possible, but I think that
we ought not to allow possibilities that are ex-
tremely improbable control, or even influence, our
action. It is our duty to wait until that experi-
ment is tried. If the Executive does not honestly
exercise his power, if these invasions are not
prevented, if these instances of pretended vio-
lence are not repressed, then will be the time fo 
this House, in the exercise of its constitutional
duty, to act. This House is the great inquest of
the nation. It may institute an inquiry into the
conduct of the Chief Magistrate. It may prefer
against him articles of impeachment for violation
of his official duty. I go further: If the Exec-
utive should fail to do his whole duty, it would
then not only be proper for this House to proceed
against him by preferring articles of impeach-
ment, but it would be the bounden duty of Con-
gress—of the national Legislature—to notice it,
and take action on the subject. It would then
be competent for them to engage in inquiries for
the purpose of ascertaining the facts, not for the
purpose of deciding a contested election in this
House, not for the purpose of deciding a con-
tested election in any other House, but for the
purpose of informing the legislative mind, so
that it could determine whether it should or not
exercisfr the legislative power of the nation, either
for the purpose of creating new machinery for
the purpose of more effectually securing the people
of Kansas in the exercise of their just rights, or
to change or modify what now exists.
This, sir, according to my view, is the true
course; and it is not o ly the course pointed out
by reason, but it is the course which every true
lover of his country ought to insist upon, because
you cannot tell in the unknown future what may
follow improper action. Why, sir, this is a
Government which, is based solely upon the con-
sent of the citizens; this is a Government in
which all power is to be exercised rationally}
this is a Government, whether it be regarded aa
extending over all our possessions in virtue of tha
