OTfi:
January 9,
this motion, and, will proceed to give some of the
reasons which, induce me to make it. It is per-
fectly manifest here now, to the House 
- The CLERK, (interrupting,) The gentleman
from Virginia ,[Mr. Letcher] will recollect that
there is a proposition pending to rescind the ten?
minute rule.
Mr. W1NSL0W. I move to lay thafcpropo-
sition on the table.
Mr. LETCHER. It is perfectly manifest, sir,
from what has already occurred, that gentlemen*
are not in the best temper all ow this House: the
natural result of want of sleep and of hunger.
Under these circumstances 1 propose this: that
if we cannot got sleep, we may, at least, get our
breakfast. I propose that the House take a recess
Bntll nine o'clock.
■ Mr. SAGE. I only desire to say a few words
in reply to the gentleman from Virginia, [Mr.
Letcher.,] and also in reply to the gentleman from
Missouri, [Mr. Carutscers.] I "think that the
gentleman from Missouri, for whom I feel the
liighest respect, has done great injustice—no
doubt unintentionally—to some of the gentlemen
who served with him in last Congress, when he
alludes to this continuous session, and to the
wrongs done to gentlemen. ' He should recollect
that in the last Congress, lie, among others of his
associates, kept the minority io the Thirty-Third
Congress in session for thirty-six hours.
Mr. CARUTHERS. _ I desire simply to state,
that at the time of the thirty-six hours'session, to
which the gentleman from New York has alluded,
I happened to be absent m Missouri, and had no
connection with the matter. If I had been here,
I would have had.
Mr. SAGE. I want to say farther, that no
important bill, where theie is great diversity of
opinion, is ever carried, in either end of the Cap-
itol, or m any other body, without long and con-
tinuous sessions.
The CLERK. The Clerk thinks that all this
debate is out of order.
Mr. SAGE. I have to say one word further.
I wish to say that we were invited here, and have
accepted the invitation, to sit 111 continuous session
till a Speaker be elected; and we do not desire to
decline that invitation now.
_ Mr. LETCHER. Well, I withdraw the mo-
tion.
Mr. CARUTHERS. I rise to speak to a mat-
ter of personal privilege.
ThcCLERK, (interrupting.) There is a prop-
osition now pending before the House.
Mr. COLFAX. "What proposition?
The CLERK. The proposition of the gentle-
man from Missouri [Mr. Cahutiiers] to rescind
the ten-minute, rale.
Mr. WINSLOW. I move to lay that proposi-
tion on the lablo.
Mr. CARUTHERS. I withdraw it.
AMENDMENT OF RULES.
Mr. COLFAX. I now desire to make a propo-
sition. As my friend from Hpw York [Mr. Saue]
well observed, we came here by invitation.
Mr. GREENWOOD. I ask the gentleman
who invited you ?
Mr. COLl''AX. We were invited by a res-
olution ot" the Democratic caucus, published m
the Washington Union, declaring that the Demo-
cratic. party would not vote l'or an adjournment
vmtil a Speaker should be elected.
Mr. LETCHER. What is the question, Mr.
Clerk? H
Mr. COLFAX. I am about offering it. I will
read the resolution first:
Raolverf. That until Saturday at eleven o'clock, p. m.,
no moi lOij to adjourn or to tako aiecess, and no debate nor
pel -xm.iJ uxniiuiafion. shall be m ordci noi euteitanicd by
Tiic i, loi'Kj v/'iiit! tiJc i!ous>e is voting for Speakor unless a
r-jpe-tker !;■■ < icctcd previously to that tnn<;; and tins u:>o-
1'ition Mhiii pioJubn any ar-fjon on a motion to rescind the
resolution or i;> iveo«.,ider adop'aou.
This is a rpso'ii f ion, Mr. Cork, which ties the
thm* up, and icsts the sinccnty of our friends on
the other side of the Rouse. In the resolution
published in the "Washington Union, they de-
clared that they- would come here and take no
adjournment or recess until a speaker should be
circled. We meet them in precisely the same
spirit. V/e are willing to remain here to the
threshold of the Sabbath to attain this object, if
it can be attained.
Mr, XdiilTtR., I would like to offer an amend-
ment to the resolution of the gentleman from
Indiana, [Mr. Colfax.] It is, to add, at the end
of tbe resolution, that the members of the House
shall be prohibited from corresponding with any
person not a member of the House; that they
shall have nothing? to eat or drink except^ bread
am] water. I think we may as well go the
whole length; and I go for members being kept
within the Hall by the Sergeant-at-Arms during
the whole time.
Mr. MILLWARD- I move to lay the res-
olution and amendment on the table.
Mr. COLFAX. I withdraw the resolution, out
of compassion to the other side of the House,
who appear "to be so rapidly losing their attach-
ment for continuous sessions.
MOTION TO ADJOURN.
Mr. WINSLOW, (atfifteenminut.es past seven
o'clock, a. m.) I move that the House do now
adjourn till twelve o'clock on Friday.
Tellers were called for and ordered; and Messrs.
Trippe and Morgan were appointed.
The House was divided; and the tellers repott-
ed—ayes 60, noes 78.
So the House refused to adjourn till Friday.
Mr. WINSLOW*. I demand the yeas and
nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was then taken, end decided in
the negative—yeas 72, nays 105; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Aiken, Allen, Baiksdale,Boyce, Branch,
Brooks, Buinctt,Cad\va3adoi, John P. Campbell, Lewis f).
Campbell, C-uudici^, Oa>Ui<j, ('lineman. Cot, Davidson,
T~t ^   A.. . .1 .11 T  t* _ n i  i
lison tiarn,', Sampson W. Hams, Thomas L. Hairis, EUr-
risen, Haven, Ileibcit, Itoflninu, Valentine U. llorton,
George W. Jones, Kept, Kennott, Lake, Lumpkin, Jlilni-
phiey Marshall, Samuel y. Marshall, Maxwell, McQueen,
Smith Miller. Million, Milhvuid, Moore, Andioiv Oliver,
Watkms. WJicelei, Wuislow, jolm V. VVught, and Zolh-
COtler—12.
KAYS—Messrs. Albi ight, Allison, Banks, Barbour, TTert-
jy liennett, Benson, 11 Ingham, Boeoek, Bowie, lironton,
Bull'ington, Builinsaine, James H. Campbell, Caihie.Uhai-
lee, (Jlawson, Howell Cobb, Williamson It. W. Cobb, Col-
fax, (.'oiiiins, <vu£u1, Oullen, Cumback, Damiell, Timotby
Davis, Day, Dean, Do Witt, Dickson, Do.M, Dunn, 1M-
miuuison, Emrie, Kiiglisll, Giddm<is, Gillieit, Gian?or,
<}imv, Hailan, Ilolloway, Thomas' H. Horton, Houston,
Iloward, (fu^liston, Jcwutt, Kelly, Kelso/, King, Knapp,
Ktu^lit, Knov.iton. Kno;i, Leiter, I,etcher, Matte-oil, Ale-
Cany, Meachain, Killian Miller, Moigan, MomI!, Mott,
IMuirny, P,Tichols, Norton, I'ackOi, IY.aiee, Peek, iVlton,
I'ettit, Pike, Pumanee, llihtnrii', R"nde, Rivers, Robeus,
Uullui, Tallin, Sa^e, yandul^e, Sapp, Seotr,Sherman, Spin-
nui, iSi.uitou, Stopliens, tftranahua. Tappan, Tno: m^ion,
'I'lmislon, Todil, Tiafton, V.ilk, W'rt.Io, Wnkcman, V.'al-
bndire, Waldion, Warner, Caawalader C. Wasllburno,
Ellum 11. Washburne, Tsiael VVa,ii[m;n, U'al.-Oii, Welch,
Wood, Woodiutr, and Woodwoilli—105.
So the House again refused to adjourn.
Pending the call of the roll,
Mr. FLOIIEXC T, (when his name was called)
said: I amimpellcd, by what I deem to be a sense
of duty, to say a word just at this point in the
calling of the roll. I have voted consistently with
the resolution of the caucus of the Democra'tic
party, from lirnt to last, against all adjournments,
i was not present at the caucus which ado]3ted
that resolution, but I nevertheless considered it
to be my duty to vote to prolong the session as
far as I considered tile organization of the House
to be practicable. I feltbouud by a sense of duty
to carry out the action of the caucus thus far,
and no further.
Mr. CCTLLEN. Then you should have said
so in the i-esohuion.
J.Ir. FLOREXCE. I say so now; and, sir,
having' witnessed the scenes that have taken place
during the past night, I cannot allow the occasion
to pass without expressing the strong reprobation
I feel of what has occurred. During the short
time I have had the honor of a seat upon this j
floor, I have witnessed several protracted sessions j
of the House; but never in my life have J wit- !
nessed, what I conceive to be, the tyranny of the j
majority attempted to be exercised so unscrupu- 1
lously and to such an extent as now. What a ;
spectacle lias this body presented to the people of !
the United States! Gentlemen have attempted,!
by virtue of the power they supposed they ex- j
erased, to arraign the motives that prompted !
men on the other side of the House, either m the
expression of their opinions or m the resolutions
that they considered it to be their privilege and
their duty to present to the House. Under these
circumstances, having thus briefly explained the
position I occupy, I shall feel myself compelled
to vote ay.
Mr. BARKSDALE. Mr. Clerk, it strikes me
that the last several votes taken in this House
have evinced the fact that it is utterly useless
longer to protract, this session. Owing to in-
disposition, I was not present at the Democratic
caucus which passed the resolution so often re-
ferred to during this session, that tlicy would
vote against all adjournments until a Speaker .was
elected. If I had been there, 1 should have voted
against the adoption of the resolution. In accord-
ance, however, with the purpose expressed by
it, I have thus far voted with the Democratic
party against all motions to adjourn up to this
time. But, sir, I feel it now to be my duty to
vote for the motion to adjourn. For one, I am
not willing to risk the rights and interests of my
constituents^ here, upon so grave and important
a matter as is the election of a presiding officer
of this House, upon my power of physical en-
durance. -' admit that 1 am well-nigh exhausted;
and I advertise my political friends now that I
shall, from this time on, vote for motions to ad-
journ. I vote ay.
Mr. CADWALADER. Before casting my
vote upen the motion to adjourn, I will say to
the House that I have arrived at the same con-
clusion, in respect to the course to be pursued-,
with the honorable, gentleman who has just
taken his seat, though not for the same reason.
T shall vote for the motion to adjourn, not from
a want of confidence in my powers of physical
endurance, but because I think the experiment
has been fully tried. The resolution has been,
carried out so far as to show that no probable
good can result from it. I vote ay upon the mo-
tion to adjourn.
Mr. ALLISON. Mr. Clerk, before casting
my vote, I will state to the House that I was
willing to meet our Democratic friends upon the
other side of the House, who threw down the
gauntlet to us by their resolution to remain in
session until a Speaker was elected. But, sir, I
have been satisfied for some time that the experi-
ment would prove a failure, and I am satisfied to
vote with those who arc in favor of an adjourn-
ment over until Friday. I believe it is in the
power of our Democratic friends to enable us to
elect a Speaker whenever it is their pleasure that
we should elect. I believed that it was their in-
tention to give us the power to go on and organ-
ize the House; but it seems that they are not
now so disposed. I, however, propose to do what
the gentleman from Mississippi [Mr. Barks-
dale] just told the House he had been doing;
that is, follow the lead of his party. I propose,
now, to vote with the party with which' I am in
the habit of acting. I vote no.
Mr. GREENWOOD. 1 desire to say a single
word in explanation of my course during this
night session, and in explanation of the course I
now intend to pursue. 1 was not present at the
caucus which 'adopted the resolution to vote
against adjournments until a Speaker was elected;
but, like the gentleman from Mississippi, [Mr.
Barksdai.e,] i have generally voted against ad-
journments. I was willing to try the experiment
of sitting out one night, for the purpose of ascer-
taining whether it was practicable to organize the
House. But, sir, gentlemen over the way have
frequently told us that we had invited them to act
With us in voting against the adjournment of the
House. Sir, the Democratic party do not invite
any other party to act with them; they make
no coalitions. They simply expressed what was
their purpose, without, reference to the action of
the Republican party, or any other party. They
invite nobody to act with them, and, least of all,
the Republican party. They say that the Dem-
ocratic party invited them to'a feast. As a mem-
ber of that parly, I will say that, holding the po-
litical opinions which I do, they would be the
last persons whom I would invite to any feast in
which 1 was to be a participant. I vote ay.
The Clerk then declared the result of the vote.
Mr. SAGE. I move that, the House now pro-
ceed to vote for Speaker; and on that motion X
call for the previous question.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I move that the
House do now adjourn.
Mr. PAINE. I demand the yeas and nays on
that motion.
