924
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 16,
to take up the resolutions of the gentleman from
Georgia, [Mr. Iverson,] for the purpose of mov-
ing to make them the order of the day for Tues-
day next, at half-past twelve o'clock.
Mr. STUART. 1 shall be obliged to object to
that; but if it will not interfere with the conveni-
ence of the Senator, I hope he will name Tues-
day, at one o'clock. . We need not take up that
subject, but can let it stand as it does now, with
the understanding that it shall come up then; but
to make it the special order for half „past twelve
o'clock, would give it a precedence to which it is
not entitled.
Mr. HOUSTON. Then I will say one o'clock
on Tuesday next.
Mr. BELL, of Tennessee. Is that the business
which has priority in the orders of the day ?
The PRESIDENT. The first special order is
the motion of Mr. Johnson', to refer the motion
of Mr. Weller to print ton thousand extra'copies
of the Kansas message to the Committee on Print-
ing.
Mr. BELL, of Tennessee. What next?.
_ The PRESIDENT. The next special order
is the bill (S. No. 124) to increase the efficiency
of the Army. The third special order is Senate
bill to amend an act passed March 3, 1855, for
the improvementof the Savannah river, connected
with which arc all the bills relating to the im-
provements of rivers and harbors.
Mr. PUGH. Will it be in order to move to
postpone all prior orders, in order to proceed
with the consideration of the bounty land bill?
We have had it from day to day in broken doses,
and I think we had better dispose of it at once.
The PRESIDENT. The Senator from Ten-
nessee has the floor.
Mr. BELL, of Tennessee. On the resolution
of the Senator from Georgia, in reference to the
naval board, I obtained the floor gome seven or
eight days ago. t made some remarks then, but
I have not had an opportunity to finish them. I
hope the Senate will now agree that that subject
shall be taken up under the peculiar circumstances
•of the case, in order that I may submit to the
Senate, as a substitute for what I should other-
wise desire to say, a communication which has
been addressed to me. *
Mr. RRODHEAD. I presume we can pass
this bill in the course of half an hour, or an hour.
Mr. BELL, of Tennessee. I do not wish to
interfere with this bill, but I trust no disposition
will be made of the resolutions of the Senator
from Georgia,in regard to the naval board,until
1 shall have an opportunity either of replying at
length to the remarks of the honorable Senator
from Delaware, [Mr. Clayton,] or, as I am dis-
posed at present to do, to submit the communi-
cation to which I hove alluded, in lieu of any
remarks of my own. If tins bill will be disposed
of 1)1 a short time, I shall not object to proceed-
ing with it.
Mr. WELLER. I desire to understand ex-
actly the condition of the Pacific railroad bill.
Some three weeks ago, I moved that it be made
the special order for the 14th of April—last. Mon-
day. I selected a long period for the very purpose
of keeping out of the way of other Senators who
had charge of other bills. I have allowed it to
lie over from Monday to this day, but I must ask
the Senate to-day to proceed to the consideration
of that bill as one of the special orders. I now
make the motion that the prior orders, if there be
any, be postponed for the purpose of taking up
that bill.
Mr. BRODHEAD. I took the floor when
the Senator from New Hampshire concluded his
remarks.
Mr. WELLER. But the morning hour has
expired.
I hePRESIDENT. The bill before the Senate
—the bounty land bill—is a special order, and
W8.S taken up a,s such. The c|UGsti.on is on tlie
amendment of the Senator from Georgia IMr
Iversqn] to that bill.
Mr. BRODHEAD. I hope we shall proceed
to dispose of this bill, and then we can take up
other business according to the wish of the Sen-
ate. I think the proper way to get at the Pacific
railroad bill and the other important measures of
the Senate, is to proceed with one thing at a time
and finish it. I have but a very few words to
say in reference Jp the bill before us and the pro-
posed amendments.
This is a very important measure. It is in
fact, an amendment proposed to the act of 1855,
which I had the honor to present to .the Senate.
That was a very important measure. It appro-
priated probably thirty-five millions—certainly
over thirty millions of acres—of land, worth,
perhaps, thirty millions of dollars to the old
States; and, therefore, it was a wise measure, in
my judgment. It gave to the old States their
share of the public domain. It distributed them
to a very meritorious- class of persons. It was
certainly a very liberal measure.
The reduction of the time of service from
thirty days to fourteen days, was connected with
the important fact, stated by the Senator from
Michigan, of requiring record evidence of service.
I agreed to insert record evidence in the original
bill of last year, because the Pension Bureau in-
formed mc that great frauds would be perpetrated,
the time of service being reduced, if we suffered
parol evidence to be received.
The proposed amendment of the Senator from
Georgia is not of itself very material; but if we
suffer that to be inserted, we must admit others.
I have half a dozen to offer if that be adopted.
The delay which has been occasioned by this
amendment, in the passage of the bill, has lost
to meritorious persons more bounty land warrants
than the company alluded to by the Senatorfrom
Georgia, and intended to be benefited by his
amendment, will gain by it. Every day's delay
on this bill causcs great loss to meritorious and
poor people. Hence the reason for the suggestion
of the honorable Senatorfrom Michigan, that we
should act speedily on the bill, and if there are
other meritorious cases they can be provided for
by special enactments.
I have agreed to forbear to offer amendments
myself for the reason which I have just slated—
that to press them will cause delay. When I
agreed to fyjive " record evidence" inserted in the
original law, I supposed those words would re-
ceive a different construction from that placed
upon them at the Pension Uureau. I supposed
that if a soldier had obtained a bounty land %var-
rant, or a pension, under previous acts of Con-
gress, it would be considered as record evidence
of his service; but it has not bpen so construed.
The substitute which has beeirprepared by the
Committee on Public Lands—and so well pre-
pared, permit me to say, by the honorable Sen-
ator from Ohio [Mr. Pugh] and the honorable
Senator from Vermont [Mr. Foot]—carries out
the original intention of the law of 1855. I am
willing to forbear offering amendments, much as
they have been urged on me, in order to pass a
provision carrying out the original intention. I
did, in fact, agree to offer an amendment at the
instance of the honorable Senator from New Jer-
sey , not now here, [Mr. Thomson',] covering quite
as meritorious a class of cases as this provides for.
It is to include—
'• Those who were actually engaged in battle at the de-
struction ot the British blockading stjiiadron.ou the coast
of New Ji-rs-cy under the orders of the Etecuuvo ot'that
State, and those actually engaged in battle, or taken pus-
oners, when an expedition flora the blockading squadron
entered trieatUgg harbor, on said coast, under like orders ;
and that parol evidence shall ul>o be icceived to piove the
service of all persons who were taken prisoneis and actu-
ally confined either on board the enemy's ships, or m the
enemy's prisons."
It would be difficult to provide record evidence
where a man was confined in the enemy's ships
or prisons; and yet I have consented to withhold
amendments—which have been brought to my
notice and which 1 think quite meritorious for
the purpose of obtaining a greater good, which is
the early and speedy passage of The bill as re-
ported by the committee. I know what a diffi-
cult task it is for a committee to prepare and ma-
ture such a bill. I have had some experience in
preparing bounty land bills. For two long years
I struggled to get the bill of 1855 passed through j
Congress. It was a great measure for the old I
States. It gave us our share of the public lands
which the people of the old States had contributed
their full quota to acquire; because they were
paid for by moneys derived from customs col-
lected from the whole people.
I hope, sir, there will be no further delay in the
passage of this .bill. Two days' delay will lose,
as I have before observed, honestand meritorious
persons—poor widows and others—more bounty
land warrants than will be given under the pro-
visions of the amendment offered by the Senator
from Georgia. When we reduce the service to
fourteen days, is it too much to ask that thero
shall be actual service and not preparation for
service ? The act of 1855 itself was considered
one of the most liberal bounty land laws ever
adopted by this or any other Government. It
was estimated at the time that 35,000,000 acres
of land would be taken up under its provisions.
I presume that, under the construction given to
it at the Department, it will not take more than
30,000,000 acres; but the amendments proposed
by the Committee on Public Lands will increase
it about 5,000,000. We are, therefore, deferring
the issue of warrants to those who have claims,
to 5,000,000 acres of land by delaying the pas-
sage of the bill. For this reason I shall not offer
the amendments which I had prepared if the Sen-
ate will adopt the substitute of the committee;
but, if this amendment be adopted, I shall feel
bound to offer those provisions which I have pre-
pared, and which are quite as meritorious.
Mr. PUGH. I askth§ Secretary to read the
amendment of the Senator from Georgia again.
The amendment was read.
Mr. PUGH. Mr. President, I desire to call
the attention of the Senate to the principle of this
amendment; for it is, in my judgment—I say it
with due respect to my friend from Georgia—the
most objectionable propositian which could be
made. It is a proposition to substitute mere
travel for service, not travel under military com-
mand, not travel in the service of the united
Slates, not travel toward the enemy, but travel
to the place of muster. What is muster ? It is
being taken into the service of the United States.
Companies of volunteers or of militia are raised;
and at some convenient place a person appointed
by the President, or the Secretary of War, receives
them, causes a roll to be made of them, and that
roll to be filed in the Adjutant General's office.
They are not subjcct to military law until they
have been mustered; they are not bound to go
until they have been mustered; and one half of
those who first agree to go are never mustered;
at least such was the case in the Mexican war.
If the Government accept their service, if they
are mustered they receive pay for every mile
they have travelled from their homes to the place
of muster. Now, where is the equity of extend-
ing the law to those who are not mustered ? They
never rendered a day's service; they were under no
obligations to renderany. They were not subject
to the rules and articles of war. They were mere
citizens, no more entitled to bounty land than the
militia companies parading the streets of this city.
Now, Mr. President, let us see to what a pitch
this system has been carried. Until the "year
1847 no such thing was ever heard of, except in
a few isolated cases. Up to that period pensions
and bounty lands were, I believe, confined to
soldiers in the revolutionary war, or extended to
a few other isolated cases. In 1847, whilst we
were engaged in war, for the purpose of inducing
enlistments in the Army, regular and volunteer,
provision was made that noil-commissioned of-
ficers and privates, who should serve twelve
months, should be entitled to one hundred and
sixty acres of land. It was not given to the com-
missioned officers; it was confined to the non-
commissioned officers and privates. The sole
object of the bounty land law of 1847 was to en-
courage enlistments in time of actual war. How
far have we departed from that principle now?
After the close of the war, in 1850, a law was
passed extending the provision for the granting
of bounty land to all the officers, commissioned
and non-commissioned; to all musicians, privates,
and others who had been engaged either in the
Mexican war or in any of the wars in which the
country had been involved since 1790; but it re-
quired that they should have enlisted for aperiod
of twelve months, and that they should have been
nine months in actual service; that they should
have been subject to the hardships of military
life; that they should have been subject to the
orders of military men—and I can tell the Senate
that that ofitself is a hardship—that they should
have rendered some service.
We come, then, to the act of 3855, which my
friend from Pennsylvania well says is the most
liberal—the most extravagant statute that ever
was enacted by any Government. It provides
that if any man has been in battle, if only for
one moment, he shall have bounty land. I call
