138
UfePPEiVDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[March 17,
34th Cong....1st Sess.
Kansas Contested Election—Mr. Simmons.
Ho. of Reps.
made a constitution for that Territory, called the
Kansas act, and the question is, whether these
persons have been elected according to that act.
We cannot get rid of it; and there is no man but
has sense enough to understand that that, and
that only, is the question before us. Now, sir,
what does the organic law say? In regard to the
election it says, " persons who are inhabitants or
residents of the Territory." Then, of course, it
means that those who are non-residents and not
inhabitants, or are inhabitants of Missouri at the
time, cannot be proper voters, and our course
must be to see whether that is so or not, if we
have anything to examine. If the remonstrances
of these citizens, through Governor Reeder, is
sufficient to us to act at all, or if we have public
and notorious knowledge of it, derived from other
sources, or if we have, from the Presidents
special message, reason to suspect that a fair and
peaceable election by inhabitants of the Territory,
and by such only, was not had, then I ask, if there
is not only power'with us, but whether it is not
our duty to go forward and examine into these
things? It is not so difficult an affair, after all, to
examine these facts. I think that a week s time,
with proper men, would suffice to take the whole
of it. There is no necessity of ransacking that
Territory. The only question is, whether the
election was held in conformity to the organic law
which requires, that inhabitants, and inhabitants
only, should vote ? I suppose that no person will
say that that law was not binding upon the Ter-
ritory; that it was not in the power of the Gov-
ernor, by linking himself with Missourians, to do
anything to vary or get rid of the organic law,
so that this House cannot look b'ehind and see
whether there has been a proper election in con-
formity to that organic act.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I have repeatedly,
since I have been on this floor—for I have been
kept some time from the House by sickness—
been looking for an argument of this sort. I ask
the gentleman if any question connected with the
character of the vote requires the adoption of
this resolution; and whether its whole purpose
is not to show that the Legislature was formed
there by violence—not that the sitting Delegate
was elected by violence, but that the Legislature
itself was the result of marauding violence ?
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. Will the gen-
tleman from New York let me say a single word
in reply to the gentleman from Virginia? I un-
derstand that the Committee of Elections desire
the power to send for persons and papers to prove
two things—first, that the election of the Legis-
lature in March, 1855, was void, because of the
forays from Missouri as alleged—and secondly,
that, in the election of Delegate in October, 1855,
large numbers of .persons also went from Mis-
souri into Kansas and voted for General Whit-
field ? I understand that the committee want to
procure evidence bearing on these two questions.
Mr. SMITH. That is one of ther points on
which I desire to address the House. All I have
to say, however, in reply to the statement of the
fentleman who has just taken his seat, is, that I
nd, in the reports of the committee and in the
memorial of Governor Reeder, the points to be
discussed; and I understand that the whole of this
discussion is designed to show, first, that,the laws
of the Legislature were void, because they were
enacted at an improper place; and secondly, that
the Legislature itself was a spurious body, because
it was not elected according to law, but by vio-
lence. These are the points on which our action
goes; and it is obvious that, as we cannot go into
that inquiry, the proposition is wholly unneces-
sary and useless.
Mr. SIMMONS. It is mentioned in the me-
morial of the citizens of Kansas, that the same,
or substantially the same,forcible means were re-
sorted to in electing Mr. Whitfield as a Delegate,
as were before resorted to in electing the members
of the Legislature; but there was not so great an
excitement I believe. The statement is, that the
people were intimidated, and in great numbers
refrained through fear from going to the polls to
record their vote. It .is very proper to consider
that, therefore, and examine the facts; but the
main point in my opinion is this, whether, as a
point of law, this House is going, for the first
time in the history of the country, to recognize
rebellion and insurrection ? If Rhode Island had
proceeded a little further in her revolution, and
elected members of Congress under her new con-
stitution, and sent them here, do gentlemen say
that we should receive them, and not go behind
the law to see if it was made by a regular lawful
assembly elected by the people voting according to
law, and enacted by a set of men who were not
usurpers, having no authority to make laws?
1 But what do we find the courts say? The courts
say no; they must be regarded as a nullity. It
was a revolution, and we cannot dodge the ques-
tion. Gentlemen have got to come to it and to
assume the responsibility. You have got to de-
cide in favor of—what? Insurrection and rebel-
lion, downright nullification, sanctioned by this
House, because the nullifiers or invaders from
Missouri had a majority in the Territory. But
gentlemen must be aware that is a game that two
can play at. We must either recognize rebellion
or put it down, and have none but the regular
voters to intervene in the elections.
Are we to say here, that because this Terri-
torial Legislature calls itself a Legislature, we
cannot look into it? Why, I have just shown
you that it has been the uniform practice of this
House to look into all such cases, and to even look
behind the State laws, and declare them void
when they vary from the provisions of the Con-
stitution in the matter of elections of members.
Suppose persons come here claiming to be repre-
sentatives from Kentucky—have we not a right
to examine whether it was a regular government
under which they were elected, or whether they
were not elected, in fact, by an insurrectionary
band calling themselves the government of Ken-
tucky r Why, sir, if we cannot look into that
question, we had better give up and go home. I
do not see but that we should, then, as the gentle-
man from Maryland [Mr. Davis] contended, be at
the mercy of the President, and follow his course
and directions. We should be still more crippled.
We should then be the mere tools of every insur-
rectionary State and of every insurrectionary
locality in this country which should see fit, after
the precedent, to get up an insurrection, and usurp
the polls by force, throwing out the regular gov-
ernment of the people. Why, sir, it is nullification
,; beginning to show its purpose. It blossomed in 1850.
j It began with a cloud of metaphysics, carrying
:! out its uncertainty into the organic laws of the
1 Territories. Before 1850, this Government had
had no difficulties, no insurrection anywhere to
endanger the country at all, because we had
always passed acts in relation to the Territories,
making it certain whether or not slavery could en-
ter during their territorial age. We made that
question certain in relation to the Territories
northwest of the Ohio. It was settled by this
Government, exercising.power over these Terri-
tories, that slavery should not be introduced there.
Well, the people acted accordingly. There is no
trouble when the people know what the law
means. So, too, in all the Territories south of
the Ohio, where slavery was not excluded, for the
reasons that the States ceding that portion had
reserved that privilege. The people all knew that it
was lawful to bring slaves there, and unlawful
on the other side of the Ohio river.
But I now come down to 1850, and what do we
find ? Why, instead of a law declaring just what
territory shall be free and what slave, Congress
leaves it open, so that both parties may contend
over it. We know very well that it was con-
tended by Mr. Webster and others, that the
original law of Mexico—prohibiting slavery—
followed the territory which was acquired; and
I declare I do not see how it could be got rid of.
It came free, with the law attached to it, into our
hand; and the law was never repealed. We erect
it into a Territory, and what do we see in that
act? It does not say whether we may intro-
duce slaves or not during its existence as a Ter-
ritory. It leaves the matter in doubt; but it says
that when they come to make a State constitu-
tion, they may make it just as they please, and it
will be admitted either free or slave. Now look
at that? The only question which Congress has
no right to decide for its successors—I mean, as
to the future admission of new States—we make
Congress decide! And where we have a right to
spy what shall be done in respect to slavery or
no slavery in the Territories during their exist-
ence as such, we leave the matter in doubt and
uncertainty.
In carrying that idea out, we come to the Louis-
iana purchase, which had been settled thirty or
forty years ago, and where the matter had been
made clear and certain; but now that question is
open, the old legislation is repealed, and you say
that slavery may come into Kansas or may not;
you repeal the prohibitory law of 1820 excluding
slavery from all north of 36° 30', which was slave
territory before, according to the law of France;
and yet you say this repeal shall not revive the old
law of slavery, but the people arc left free to form
their own domestic institutions as^ they please,
thus throwing doubts and uncertainty over the
whole question again. You come now to the prin-
ciple of dodging—a new era—which has been in-
troduced into our congressional legislation within
the last few years. Yes, you say that this act is
not to legislate slavery into the Territory nor out
of it, it being your intention to leave the people
to form their domestic institutions just as they
please. That is leaving the whole matter doubt-
ful, but at the same time opening up the Territory
for settlement, and inviting a competition of set-
tlers for Kansas.
You recollect, that an honorable Senator, during
the discussion in the other end of the Capitol,
[Mr. Bell, of Tennessee,] showed very conclu-
sively in his argument, that the only good soil we
had left in our unorganized territorial domain was
embraced in this Kansas bill. Beyond were barren
deserts and mountains, or lands set apart for the
Indians. Well, sir, with the proclivities of our
people for emigration, is it not natural that they
should flock in there, aside and independent of
the spirit of freedom—of the desire of making
Kansas a free Territory? Was it not natural?
Why only see how rapidly California has been
settled. The people have been flocking there from
all portions of the country. The only course of
the General Government has for years been cal-
culated to promote the dispersion of the people as
much as possible. Your great lines of railroad
communication afford increased facilities to the
transportation of persons and goods of emigrants.
And the very financial policy of the Government,
| by refusing to afford any considerable amount of
protection to the manufacturers upon the hardy
: soil of the East, has driven them into the pur-
suits of agriculture—to seek for new lands. When
they want to make fortunes they go into the woods.
Is it not natural, then, I say, that independent of
political considerations, Kansas should be settled
up pretty rapidly ? The whole policy of this Gov-
ernment is to build out, and not up—to spread our
population, instead of elevating it.
Consider, too, that Missouri, a slave State, is
bordering on that Territory: of course, shs will
wish to get as many of her own citizens there aa
possible, and it is a field for free competition.
They have the right to go there because it waa
not the intention of the act organizing the Terri-
tory " to legislate slavery into the Territory or
out of it, but to leave the people free to regulate
their own domestic institutions in their own way."
Then why have those people of the North not a
right to go there? I should like to know, if after
passing such an act as that, gentlemen can come
here and say,that because Kansas is situated along-
side of a slave State, free-State men have no right
there ? Do you say, we want that for a slave State
; —we shall not be able to keep our slaves in Mis-
souri, if Kansas is made a free State? What right
have your emigrant aid societies here? Have your
I emigrant aid societies any right to send men there
1 in greater numbers than we are able to do, merely
. because you have a greater number of working
I men than we are able to supply? Was it not the
i whole burden of the argument in 1854, when the
Nebraska and Kansas bill was before Congress,
that these Territories-would not become slave
States? We only wish the principle of New
Mexico and Utah Territories to be carried out
and made consistent and proper. We know that
your Jonathans and Pollys of the North multiply
faster than we do. [Laughter.] You now out-
number us by more than two to one. You have
above fourteen millions of people, while we have
only a fraction over six millions of whites. You
must know that these new Territories of Kansas
