1856.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
*700
the Executive, from the amendments justadopted
by the Senate. It will destroy what it was in-
tended to leave to the Executive exclusively, and
upon the responsibility of the Executive—the
entire control over the diplomatic service of the
country, its organization, its duties, and all that
pertains to it; but the bill still has some good pro-
visions in relation to the salaries and grades. I
agree to the amendment.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I move this as an amend-
ment at the end of the seventh section:
And that so much of the eighth section of the act of
1st of March, 1855, as piovides that no -salary shall be al-
lowed to any dipiomatic agent, consul, or commercial
agent, when absent from Ins post for a longer period than
ten days with the leave of the President, be, and the same
is hereby, repealed.
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate as amended,
and the amendments made as in Committee of the
Whole were concurred in. The bill was ordered
to be engrossed for a third reading, was read the
t)iird time, and passed.
SAN FRANCISCO VIGILANCE COMMITTEE.
Mr. PUGH submitted the following resolution;
which was considered by unanimous consent,
and agreed to:
Rrsolvdl, That the President requested to inform the
Senate whether any application has been made to him by
the Governor of the fetale of California to maintain the
law-; and the peace of the &aid State agamst the usurped au-
thority of an oiirarnzation calling itself the Committee of
VunUtK-ft, in the city and county of San Francisco; and if
any such application has been made, to communicate a
-copy of if, and of his answer therpto.
That the President be requested to lay before the Senate
also, whatever infoimation he may have in respect to the
proceedings of the said Committee of Vigilance.
MESSAGE FROM THE HOUSE.
A message from the House of Representatives,
by Mr. Barclay, Assistant Clerk, announced
that they hud passed, without amendment, the
following Senate bills and joint resolution:
An act for the relief of Elizabeth V. Lomax,
only surviving child of Captain William Lindsay,
of the Revolution;
An act for the relief of the heirs of Samuel Scott;
An act for the relief of the legal representatives
of Zadock Thompson, of Vermont;
An act for the relief of Levi Robinson;
An act for the relief of the owners and shares-
men of the fishing schooners Wanderer, Mary,
Olive Branch, Two Brothers, and Brothers;
An act to authorize the entry "of certain lands
in the State of Iowa by Mrs. Caroline Newington;
and
A resolution for the relief of John Y. Laub, a
clerk in the office of the First Comptroller of the
Treasury.
Also, that they had passed Senate bill (No. 7G)
for the relief of the widows and orphans of the
officers, seamen,and marinesof the United States
sloop of war Albany, and for other purposes,
with various amendments; m which he was di-
rected to ask the concurrence of the Senate.
HOUSE BILLS REFERRED.
The message also announced that the House
had passed the following bills; which were read
twice by their titles, and referred as indicated
below:
A bill for the relief of John Poe, of Louisville,
Kentucky—to the Committee 011 Claims;
A bill tor the relief of John Otis—to the Com-
mittee on Claims;
A bill for the relief of Calvin Hall, assignee of
William Jones—to the Committee on Commerce;
A bill for the relief of William B. Cozzens—
to the Committee on Claims;
A bill for the relief of Henry L. Robinson—
to the Committee on Claims;
A bill directing a settlement of the account of
David Gordon—which was ordered to lie on the
table for the present;
A bill for the relief of Edmund Mitchell—to
the Committee on Pensions;
A bill for the relief of John Nash—to the
Committee on Commerce;
A bill for the relief of Robert Mitchell—to the
Committee on Public Lands;
A bill for the relief of the heirs of Wadleigh
JSfoyes, deceased—to the Committee on Revolu-
tionary Claims;
A bill for the relief of Peyton G. King, late re-
ceiver of public money at Monroe, Louisiana—
to the Committee 011 Claims; and
A bill for the relief of Y/est Drink water and
others—to the Committee on Finance.
DES MOINES RAPIDS.
The message also announced the passage by
the House of Representatives of a bill for contin-
uing the improvement of the Des Moines rapids,
in the Mississippi river; which was read twice
by its title.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The bill
will be referred to the Committee on Commerce,
if there be no objection.
Mr. GEYER. I hope the Senate will put the
bill on its passage now. A similar bill has been
reported by the Committee 011 Commerce of the
Senate, with a difference in the sum appropri-
ated. We have been working upon lake harbors
for several days, and I hope we shall take up this
bill and pass it at once. If objection be made, I
shall ask that it be made the order of the day for
to-morrow.
The PRESIDENT -pro tempore:. It will require
unanimous consent to consider the bill now.
Mr. BIGGS. I object.
Mr. HUNTER. Why should not this bill go
to the committee, like all others?
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The bill will
be referred to the Committee on Commerce, if
there be no objection. The Chair hears none.
SLOOP OF WAR ALBANY.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The bill (S.
No. 76) for the relief of the widows and orphans
of the officers, seamen, and marines of the United
States sloop of war Albany, and for other pur-
pos«g,has been returned from the House of Rep-
resentatives, with amendments.
Mr. MALLORY. I have examined those
amendments, and they are such as I know the
Committee oil Naval Affairs will concur in; but
the Senator from New York, [Mr. Fish,] who
had charge of the bill, is not present; and I there-
fore ask that the bill and amendments may be
referred to the committee.
Mr. SEWARD. Have any other amendments
been made by the House except those which have
been made known to my colleague ?
Mr. MALLORY. No, sir.
Mr. SEWAllD. Then they might as well be
disposed of at once.
Mr. MALLORY. I have not the authority of
the Committee on Naval Affairs for having the
question taken now; and therefore I move the
reference of the bill and amendments to that com-
mittee.
The motion was agreed to.
ELLSWORTH CUSTOM-HOUSE.
A message from the House of Representatives,
by Mr. Barclay, Assistant Clerk, announced
that they had passed, with an amendment, the
joint resolution of the Senate (No. 91) authoriz-
ing the Secretary of the Treasury to modify the
plan of the custom-house at Ellsworth, Maine,
with an amendment to add to the end of it the
following proviso:
Provided, That none of tlie money hereby appioprtatcd
shall be uted until the SueniUry of the Tira-urj h.^rou-
traeh'd tor the completion of the '.aid work, for the bums
hereby and heretofore appiopuated.
Mr. FESSENDEN". This is a proviso to
which nobody objects. I move that the Senate
concur in the amendment.
The amendment was agreed to.
ENROLLED BILLS SIGNED.
The message further announced that the Speak-
er had signed the following enrolled bills and res-
olution; which thereupon received the signature
of the President pro tempore:
An act for the relief of Elizabeth V. Lomax,
only surviving child of Captain William Lindsay,
of the Revolution;
An act for the relief of the heirs of Samuel
Scott;
An act for the relief of the legal representatives
of Zadoek Thompson, of Vermont;
An act for the relief of Levi Robinson;
An act for the relief of the owners and shares-
men of the fishing schooners Wanderer, Mary,
Olive Branch, Two Brothers, and Brothers;
An act to authorize the entry of certain lands
in the State of Iowa, by Mrs. Caroline Newing-
ton;
An act to alter and amend "An act to appropri-
ate money to remove obstructions in the Savan-
nah river, below the city of Savannah, in the
State of Georgia," approved March 3, 1855; and
A resolution m favor of John Y. Laub, a clerk
in the office of the First Comptroller of the Treas-
ury.
HARBOR AT GRAND RIVER.
The Senate resumed, as in Committee of the
Whole, the consideration of the bill (S. No. 39)
making an appropriation for the construction of
a harbor at the mouth of Grand river, in the Stato
of Michigan.
Mr. MASON. Since we had this bill up on
Thursday last, I have looked into the subject as
far as I could get access to the reports connected
with this improvement at Grand river; and there
is a piece of information which I presume it is in
the power of the Senators from fylichigan to fur-
nish, and which I should like to have. The first
appropriation was made for this river upon the
report of Mr. Bowes, who calls himself " United
States agent," and upon his recommendation that
it would require over £162,000 to do the work.
There was an,appropriation, I think, in 1852, of
$'2,000—as expressed in the language of the ap-
propriation, "for the preservation of the harbor
at Grand river, $2,000." There was 110 other
harbor there at that time than such as had been
made by nature, and this was an appropriation
of $2,000 to preserve that harbor.
Subsequently, I find that, in 1853 or 1854, there
was an appropriation of 4,20,000 to continue the
work at Grand river. The appropriation was
made on a report from the topographical bureau,
informing the Senate that they had not expended
the $2,000, because it was found that it would be
of no avail, and then there was an appropriation
of $20,000, to which my attention was called on
Thursday, by the honorable Senator from Mich-
igan, [Mr. Cass.] Now, in 1856, based entirely
on the estimates of Mr. Bowes, the United States
agent, in 1850, the Secretary of War is instructed
by this bill to build a harbor at that point, as a
command, and he is instructed to do it for $50,000,
and to contract with anybody who will engage
to build such a harbor as lie will prescribe by a
plan, for the sum of $50,000.
What 1 want to know, in the first place, if they
can inform me, is what has become of the $20,000
which was appropriated in 1853 or 1854—whether
that money was expended ? If it was, it would
make §22,000 that had been then appropriated for
the construction of this harbor, which we have
been informed by the topographical bureau, or its
agent, will cost §162,000.
Then, 1 wish to call the attention of the Senate
to a significant fact. I have read this bill with
some care, and, if I am capable of construing it,
the bill requires of the Secretary to construct a
harbor there. It does not say what sort of a
harbor, in what way it shall bo made, what nat-
ural inconveniences are to be remedied, or what
defects of nature are to be supplied; but it lequires
lum to presciibe the plan of a harbor, and then
provides that it shall be completed for $50,000;
and further, that he shall expend the $50,000 by
a contract with any person competent to contract,
who will engage to do the work as he prescribes
it for the sum of ^,50,000. The additional in-
foi mation which I want is, whether we have any
assurance, and what the assurance is, that the
Secretary of War can devise a harbor that will
be of any reasonable value either to the people at
the mouth of Grand river, or to those who navi-
gate these lakes, for the apparently inadequate
sum of £50,000. I desire to know what assurance
we have, and where it comes from.
Mr. CASS. The Senator from Virginia is
under an entire misapprehension. There never
was more than one appropriation for this work,
and that was £2,000, in 1852. There never was
an appropriation of $20,000. The War Depart-
ment, I think wisely, suspended the work on
account of the appropriation being inadequate.
The estimate and survey were made in 1850.
The estimates for the Cuyahoga, and for all the
harbors 111 Ohio, were made twenty-five or thirty
years ago, and we have gone on making the
appropriations on those estimates. An estimate
and survey are not required every year, or every
two years. No man has ever thought of that. I
have in my hand the law making the last appro-
priation for these works; there was none in the
