1856.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
920
the attention of the Senate to the fact (feat, if the
soldier has carried his gun where he "could see
the face of the enemy, he gets bounty land.
Although not'enlisted for more than one hour,
under that act, as it now stands, it is provided
that, if he never saw the face of the enemy—if
he was not where swords flashed and where guns
were discharged—if he served in the camp for
fourteen days, a mere nominal period—he shall
have bounty land. The propositiorAiow is, to
substitute for that mere nominal period of four-
teen days, two weeks' travel on steamboats or
railroads, and by other conveyances, to the place
where the mustering officer of the United States
received them. Why, sir, the proposition of the
Senator from New Hampshire [Mr. Hale] is far
more consistent. Let us pass a law to give to
every man one hundred and sixty acres, or, at
least, to every man who ever entertained the
remote idea of going into war; for that is the only
amendment which, it seems to me, can be sug-
gested after this.
Mr. BRODHEAD. Then the warrants would
not be worth the paper on which they are written.
Mr. PUGH. They are worth nothing now to
the soldier. It is the grandest mistake in the
world for the Senate to imagine that this legisla-
tion has benefited the soldier. Sir, I saw thou-
sands .of men discharged at the expiration of the
war with Mexico, with certificates in their hands,
not one of whom got an acre of the land which
you granted for their benefit. For years after the
close of that war, I was beset day after day by
men who had been defrauded out of their certifi-
cates by claim agents, by land agents, by land
speculators, in defiance of the express provision
of your statute. They sold them for five dollars,
for three dollars, for two dollars, in the streets of
New Orleans and Cincinnati.
Mr. BRODHEAD. Such may have been the
case, at that time; but under the act of 1855 the
value per acre of a land warrant has been as well
known as the value of a bushel of wheat. Laud
warrants are sold in market. Their market value
is well known; and there is as little speculation
in land warrants under the act of 1855 as in any
of the other operations of the Government.
Mr. PUGH. I shall come to that by and by.
I first wish to know how much good your bounty
land legislation did to the soldiers engaged in the
Mexican war? You inserted a provision in that
law that all assignments of land warrants before
the location was made should be void; you pro-
vided that the soldier should not alienate his dis-
charge; but the soldier was in a state of neces-
sity—he wanted the money; he was discharged
from a life to which he had been accustomed for
months, and probably for years; he wanted the
present means of subsistence; and instead of pay-
ing him money at the place where you discharged
him, you told him that, after three or four months'
delay in the Pension Office, he might get a piece
of paper by which he could locate one hundred
and sixty acres of land somewhere in the western
country. They sold their discharges; and the
rest, as the Senator from New Hampshire has
well said, was eked out by forged powers of
attorney and certificates in hundreds and hun-
dreds of cases here in the Pension Office.
I know, sir, that this system was carried on
under the pretense of benefit to the soldier, but it
did not inure to him; it inured to the benefit of
speculators who bought up the certificates and
located the lands. Now the Senator from Penn-
sylvania says the bounty land law of 1855 did
not operate so disastrously. I grant it, because
the only persons in being who couid derive any
benefit from the act had long since returned from
war, and settled down to habits of peaceable life.
But what has it done ? It has produced the very
mischief to which he has alluded; it has created
a new system of stock jobbing in land warrants.
The title deeds to acres of land in your western
States and Territories arc sold hero in the city
of Washington, and in Wall street, New York.
It has created a new species of currency for the
benefit of speculators. How many soldiers have
located their lands—I mean the soldier, not the
assignee? Perhaps the Senator from Iowa [Mr.
Jones] can tell me. What has been the result
on the prosperity of the new States? I can speak
with some degree of impartiality on this point,
for there was comparatively but a small quantity
of the public lauds in my Stato. 1 know some-
thing of its influence on your State, Mr. Pres-
ident, on Illinois, on Iowa, on Michigan, and on
the new Territories west of the Mississippi.
What have we done with those States? We pro-
vided, with the five States of the old Northwest
Territory, and I believe with Iowa also, that they
should not impose any taxes on the lands of the
United States, nor upon those lands in the hands
of the purchaser for five years after he had pur-
chased them from the Government. You crip-
pled their power of taxation. You withheld
from them almost the only resources which were
available for the administration of their own gov-
ernment, and for the improvement of the country.
As a meager compensation you agreed to give
them three per cent, of the proceeds of the sales
of the lands for the purposes of improvement—
to make roads and canals. And now, when you
have shingled them all over with bounty land lo-
cations, where is the three per cent, to the State
of Iowa > She is financiered out of it.
Sir, if this system of legislation be continued,
I tell the Senate it will be more disastrous to the
western States and Territories than the march
of an invading army. It lays them waste in every
direction. Even in a State as old as mine, which
has been more than half a century in the Union,
there are landed domains in the Virginia military
district, covered by land warrants issued by that
State, which have remained an unbroken wilder-
ness to this hour—an injury to the State of Ohio
-—producing no revenue to her—thwarting all
improvement, and driving population from us;
and, meanwhile, as this domain is reserved, here
in the streets of Washington, and elsewhere in
the cities of the east, thes" lands are hawked about
as part of the system of stock-jobbing which pre-
vails. I implore the Senate to pause now. It has
not done the soldiers any good. When I speak
of the soldiers, I mean the majority. In some
few cases, and, perhaps, in a great many, the
bounty land has inured to the benefit of the party
who rendered the service; but that has not been
the general operation of the system.
However, sir, I say, with the Senator from
Michigan, that the Committee on Public Lands,
having before them various bills, and various
amendments, and memorials without number,
have given this subject much attention. Notonly
the committee, but every individual member of
the committee has given it more attention than
all the other subjects which have been referred to
us by the Senate. In fixing the limit we have
resolved to stand where the act of 1855 placed us.
We are ready to report any proposition which
shall render effectual the principles of that bill,
but we are opposed to substituting parade and
travel for military service.
I stated to the Senator from Georgia that the
seventh section of the substitute reported by the
committee would cover the case of any body of
men who were actually engaged in service, al-
though they had not been mustered. If the com-
pany or battalion from Georgia, to which he
alluded, actually went into tiie war, and served
in any military capacity, under the command of
any military officer, whether regular or volunteer,
if he was an officer himself mustered into the ser-
vice, they will be entitled to bounty land under
the seventh section. It provides—
" That tin: piovi=ion^ of tlie said act shall cxtnnd to all
persons who have served as volunteers with the armed
forces of tiie United States."
It is not necessary that they should have been
regulars. Volunteers mustered into the service
are "armed forces." They are subject to the
rules and articles of war. They can be tried by
courts-martial. They can be punished even to
the extent of capital punishment, and they have
been. " Any armed forces of the United States,"
means any forces which the United States recog-
nize, whether regular or volunteer. The section
reads:
" The provision of the said act shall extend to all persons
who have served with the armed forces of the United States
subjcct to military orders."
Not a parade or excursion; but where the indi-
vidual men are restrained of their own individual
wills, and compelled to maintain military array,
and to obey military command.
—" for the space of fourteen days, in any of the wars
specified m the first section of the said act, whether  ucn
pen-ons weie or were not mastered into the service of the
United States."
That covers a great many cases. It covers the
cases of many men who went to Mexico who
never were mustered into actual service, but who
rendered service; and inasmuch as thenames of
those men cannot appear on any muster-roll we
have admitted the certificate, not only of a regu-
lar officer, but of any officer of the Army of the
United States, under whom they served; for &
volunteer officer, after he is mustered into the ser-
vice, is just as much an officer of the United States
as if he were in the regular Army. There is no
difference in point of fact, and there never was
any. The command is just as good. A volun-
teer captain, when mustered into the service of
the United States, can command any regular .
lieutenant in the whole line, and all the sioldiers
under him.
_ These are the reasons which induced me to re-
sist the amendment—not the particular case, but
to resist the principle. * We only ask fourteen
days' service—two weeks—commencing from the
time of muster. Except in cases of imminent
invasion, with the exception of the case at Platts-
burg, with the exception of the battle at King's
Mountain, and with the exception of some extraor-
dinary invasion from some Indian tribe, and with
the exception perhaps of the two cases to which
the Senator from Pennsylvania alludes, there is
scarcely an instance where men who were but
fourteen days in service were called upon to
leave the place of muster. They could not be
made ready in that time. They are first mus-
tered; and after they are mustered, they are to be
clothed, and I do not know a ease in which the
soldiers were clad within a period of two weeks
after muster. They are then to have provisions
issued to and provided for them. They are col-
lected into an encampment; and these encamp-
ments, in nearly every instance, were within the
State where the soldier was raised. They scarce-
ly ever went out of the State; or, if they did, it
was over the line for a few miles, except in the
case of sudden raisings of the militia, to resist an
anticipated assault, sudden in its character. Sir,
it was not the case with any volunteers from
your State; not one of them left your State within
the first two weeks after they were mustered.
The same remark is true of those in my State.
They were often encamped for a month together
after being mustered.
There are many cases now of men who bavft
received bounty land warrants under your legis-
lation, who did nothing but march to Camp Wash-
ington or Camp Ohio, from the neighborhood of
Cincinnati. After parading there for a few weeks
—which was nothing more nor less than a frolic—
and after being paid to go there and paid to go
home from there, and paid while they were there,
they have each received one hundred and sixty
acres of land, and have been put on a level with
the men who marched through every campaign
in Mexico and returned home wounded and diS|gk,
abled at the end of the war. Wf
Now, sir, I have a word or two to say on the
subject of record evidence. I do not know that
it is directly before the Senate; but as it has been
alluded to once or twice I will make an observa-
tion in regard to it. A great deal has been said
as to the hardship of obtaining record evidence.
I am amazed at all this discussion. Do Senators
seriously imagine that there ever was a soldier in
the Army of the United States, either a regular or
a volunteer, who has been mustered into the ser-
vice, whose biography is not down in the adju-
tant general's office ? Why, sir, every morning,
the very first thing, the name of every soldier is
called and his presence is noted or his absence
accounted for, in every company in the service.
From the company that report goes to the com-
mander of the battalion or regiment. From him
it goes in the form of an abstract to the command-
er of the brigade; then from him to the com-
mander of the division; and, finally, to the adju-
tant general's office. The muster-rolls are there.
The soldiers are mustered every two months for
payment. Those who ar§ sick are visited, if they
are in the camp; and if they are in hospitals
they are visited and mustered there, if they are
in prison or captivity, as the Senator from Penn-
sylvania suggests, that fact is stated on the mus-
ter-roll. If they have deserted, that is reported.
If they have been discharged, that is reported..
I can scarcely imagine how it is possible in the
regular Army, or in the case of volunteers who
have been accepted and served for any period of
