APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
34th Cong....1st Sess.
Kansas Contested Election—Mr. Washburne, of Maine.
[March 14,
r*T—" .  
Ho. of Heps.
that they will be seriously pressed. If not, or if
xipon a vote of the House they shall not be sus-
tained , the question will be directly upon the
resolution of the committee to send for persons
and papers. This resolution, or one equally
effective, I hope may pass; for, if not, I am
unable to perceive how that full and satisfactory
investigation can be made -which seems to be
required by the magnitude of the question^ in
issue.
The first question in order is: Whether, conced-
ing that the Home has potcer to inquire anil decide,
in this election ca^e, npon the regularity and validity
of what is claimed to hare been the Jirst Legislature
in Kansas, the charges of irregularity are sufficiently
grave and responsible to justify an investigation ?
That the charges are of a most serious character j
■will not be denied; and that they come before us |
in such form as to warrant a full examination, if j
we have the power to make it, should seem to be i
too clear for controversy. _ |
41 Common fame," says the Manual, "is a
good ground for the House to proceed by inquiry,
and even to accusation."
In the case of the Kansas elections, there have
been and are wide-spread and generally-credited
rumors of wrong—reports coming in various
shapes and forms from that Territory—in letters
from citizens residing there, in the statements of
those who were themselves witnesses to the facts
of which they speak—filling the columns of the
newspapers, recognized by executive messages
and proclamations, by the action of State Legis-
latures,by reports of committees, and discussions
in both Houses of Congress.
_ Besides, the people of Kansas, or a large por-
tion of them, through their agent in this regard,
Governor Reedcr, present themselves before this
House and inform it—
" That immediately before the 30th day of March last,
being the day fixed for the election of a Legislature for the
Territory of Kansas, large bodies of men, without preten-
tions to residence in the Territory, came over from the
neighboring counties of the State of Missouri, armed and
organized into companies with their proper leaders, and
supplied with provisions, fodder, accommodations for camp-
ing, ammunition, and, in one case at least, with artillery.
That they inarched into the Territory with banners and
martial music, and encamped in parties in the vicinity of
different election polls, shortly belore the said election, for
the purpose of preventing the people of the Territory from
electing members of the Legislative Assembly, as provided
by the act of Congress, of taking the power into their own
hands, and, by intimidation or violence, taking possession
of the polls, and themselves going through the form of elect-
ing members of the Legislature, some of whom thus elected
were non-residents of the Territory."
And, sir, who is Governor Reeder, by whom
the people of Kansas have thus spoken ? A dis-
tinguished citizen of the State of Pennsylvania,
known and honored of her people, by whom he
■was warmly recommended as eminently worthy ,
of the confidence of the President, he was by him
appointed to the discharge of the arduous, del-
icate, and most responsible duties of Governor
of the Territory of Kansas—a post than which
none in the gift of the Administration, under the
peculiar circumstances of the organization of that
Territory, required higher intellectual and moral
quajities in the occupant. He was a Democrat,
ft friend of the Administration, and a believer—
and here I think ha was greatly in error—in the
principles asserted by the President and his north-
em friends to be contained in the Kansas-Ne-
braska bill; and, sir, he was something more, and
he has given the highest possible evidence of the
fact, an honest man. As such he went to Kan-
sas, with a sincere purpose that, so far as it
depended upon him, the principles of " popular
sovereignty," as he understood them, and as
they had been interpreted by the President and
the Democratic party North, should be main-
tained. Faithful to his convictions, and relying
upon the good faith and support of the Admin-
istration, he entered upon the discharge of his
high functions, determined that the people of Kan-
sas should rule Kansas; and for that purpose
executed where occasion required, he was, bv the
same Administration from which he received his
n?i?llri1jS1°n-' concienined and removed from office
I he Administration which struck, but would not
hear him, was the delegate of the slave power—
the organ of a section—bound to its uses and
behests. That power had compelled the Presi-
dent to deny that the principles of popular sov-
ereignty were in the Kansas and Nebraska bills,
and to assert that, under the Constitution, no Ter-
ritory had, or could have, the power to exclude
slavery. Governor Reedercould be removed, but
| he could not be false to his convictions; the Presi-
dent might strike him down, but the power to
extinguish his manhood had not been delegated
by the South. If the Governor of Kansas could
have consented to become the instrument of the
President in his design to enslave that Territory
for the propitiation of the South, who doubts that
he could have held office to this day ? And the
fact that he could not, and preferred to encounter
the frowns of the Executive and the annoyances
; of his minions in Kansas, and their ceaseless
j slanders everywhere, rather than submit to dis-
honor, and felt that he must hold office, if at all,
unbribed, unbought—no man's tool and no man's
slave—is the best evidence of his integrity and
probity that could have possibly been furnished.
The gentleman from Greorgia [Mr. Stephens]
has denounced Governor Reeder with great vohe-
mence, and declared that, if what he (Governor
Reeder) now alleges, be true, he has acted most
inconsistently ana dishonorably, and fallen to the
lowest depths of " infamy and degradation;" as
if, when called upon to act upon such records and
facts as were legally before him, and when he was
bound officially to decide upon the question as then
presented, he might not honestly do what at a
later time, and upon further proofs, should appear
to have been erroneous. Would any gentleman
like to be judged by the rule which is here in-
voked for the condemnation of Governor Reeder ?
Sir, I differ from the gentleman in my deductions
from what he avers was the conduct of Governor
Reeder. If what he says be true, and the Gov-
ernor, upon full knowledge, and such as he could
act upon, was brave and strong enough to do
what then appeared right, even though at the
expense of impeaching the correctness of his
previous action, I say all honor to him. And,
sir, if what I have seen in the newspapers be
true, this was the view which was taken of
Governor Reeder and of his official course, down
to the latest moment, by the President and his
official advisers. I do not know how it is, and
I will not say that the report to which I am about
to allude is correct. I have had no communica-
tion with Governor Reeder, or information from
him or any of his friends, upon the subject;
but I will say that I have seen it stated in the
newspapers, that, after all these things charged
against Governor Reeder had transpired, and
were well known at Washington—after he had
reached, as the gentleman from Georgia says,
the lowest deeps of infamy and degradation, the
President did that which implied the most unlim-
ited confidence in, and the highest respect for,
him. I have seen it stated that the President, at
a time when he must have been in possession of
all the facts upon which he defends the removal
of Governor Reeder, in order to induce him to
resign, did offer him, directly or indirectly, in
some such way, I presume, as Presidents are said
to have fordoing these things, a foreign appoint-
ment of the highest grade, and importing, as I
have said, unabated confidence in his character 
a mission to China, I believe it was said, in the
first place; and that not proving a sufficient in-
: ducement, the appointment of Minister to the
Court of St. James. I repeat, I do not know how
this thing is, but I have seen the statement which
I have made, or one substantially like it, in the
public journals, and have never seen a contradic-
tion, although the " Union" has been challenged
to contradict it. If true, Governor Reeder has
been indorsed by the President to the fullest
extent, because it is not to be supposed that he
would think for a moment of sending abroad to
fill one of the highest places in the gift of the
Executive, an unworthy or dishonest man. But
if he tendered such an appointment to a man
known by him to be a scoundrel, then, I submit,
he has himself fathomed depths of degradation
and infamy, not only such as the late Governor
ot Kansas never explored, but lower than plum-
met ever sounded. Gentlemen may take either
horn of the dilemma,
Mr SMITH, of Virginia, I desire to know
V Sfntleman wishes the House and
country to understand that he makes the cliarge
that the President offered Governor Reeder a for-
eign appointment of the first grade, if he would
resign his position as Governor of Kansas?
Mr. HICKMAN. I will answer the gentleman
from Virginia.
Mr. SMITH. I want an answer from the
gentleman from Maine.
Mr. WASHBURN. I will answer the gen-
tleman. I have seen it so stated in the news-
papers.
Mr. SMITH. All!
Mr. WASHBURN. A Correspondent -of the
New York Tribune, if I am not mistaken, has
made the charge, and dared the Washington
Union to deny it. I dare the gentleman from
Virginia to deny it.
Mr. SMITH. I know nothing of the subject;
but I will say, that I do not believe a word of it.
It is a bold and unmitigated falsehood, and unbe-
coming;
any member upon this floor to give here
any credit to these newspaper statements.
Mr. WASHBURN. And I do believe every
word of it; and although the gentleman de-
nounces the report as false, he admits that he has
no knowledge on the subject. If it is false, let
the gentlemen who are authorized—and there are
gentlemen here who can speak for the Executive—
deny it, if they can. As to what is becoming or
unbecoming for me to say, I am my own judge;
but this is the first time I have heard that "it was
unbecoming to refer to newspaper statements.
But the minority of the committee have admit-
ted that, if we have a right to decide in regard to
the regularity and legality of the Kansas election
in March last, there is good reason for the passage
of this resolution. They say in their report:
" If it is the judgment of the House that we should enter
into such an investigation, and take jurisdiction of that
question—making ourselves the judges of the qualifications
and election returns, not only of our own members, but also
of the Territorial and State Legislatures, which follows as
a matter of course—then the conclusion to which the ma-
jority of the committee have come is right."
Here, I think, this branch of the case may be
safely rested. I will merely add, in this connec-
tion, that the minority seem to misapprehend the
purpose of the majority, which is not to judge of
the " qualifications and. election returns" of mem-
bers of a Legislature, so much as to ascertain
whether in point of fact there was a Legislature.
■ The next question, Mr. Speaker, which I will
consider is this: Granting the truth of the charges
and allegations in the memorial of Governor lieeder,
has the House authority to inquire into the fact
whether there was or not a Legislature in Kansas,
by which laws were, or could be, enacted in refer-
ence to elections in that Territorij, binding upon the
people and upon this Home ? That has been made
the great question in thiadebate? The minority
of the committee deny that the House possesses
this power. They deny it in their report, as well
as in the paper attached thereto submitted by
General Whitfield, and which they have substan-
tially adopted as a part of their report. The mi-
n®rj'y say, " It will be assuming a jurisdiction
which we do not believe properly belongs to us,
and will be establishing for the first time in our
history a principle and a precedent of most dan-
gerous tendency;" but not half so dangerous, I
would suggest, as would be established, if we,
by refusing to assume jurisdiction, should decide
that fraud and violence in elections where the
rights of our own members are concerned no mat-
ter how gross nor how well vouched, are matters
into which we have no power to inquire.
Before entering upon the consideration of this
question there is a point made by the minority
to which I wish to say a few words. It is this:
that there are no parties before the House on
whose motion the inquiry proposed can be insti-
tuted. I hey assert that neither Governor Reeder
"or people of Kansas are properly here; and
that the House, upon its own motion, can onlv
inquire as to the "qualifications" of members,
and not as to the elections and returns. To this
I reply, that, in the first place, Governor Reeder
and, through him, the people of Kansas are prop-
erly before the House, and may well raise objec-
tion to the claims of the sitting Delegate; and
secondly, that if it were otherwise, the House
can, upon the motion of any member, make the
investigation. The Constitution says, " Each
House shall be the judge of the elections, returns,
