200
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 10,
'■ The honorable Secretary of the Navy, whose
high and patriotic motives riotie esteem more
highly than I do, both in his letter to the Presi-
dent, recommending the approval of the action
of the board, and in his annual report which has
been sent to us since the commencement of the
present session, seems in some way to have
placed the executive action upon that board in
the condition of a court which condemns first,
and hears afterward-; because the honorable Sec-
retary has sard, that had he been in the place of
the board; there were many of those officers who
should have been exempted from this action of
the board, and yet, taking it as a whole, he con-
sidered it advantageous 10 the Navy, the innocent
suffering with the offending, reserving to the Ex-
ecutive or to Congress, if it may be, a power
to inquire into, and td correct the errors of that
board, should errors be found to exist, by a
restoration to rank or a restoration to service.
Now, sir, it does seem to me, that that looks
somewhat like a court which condemns first and
hoars afterward. The hearing or the amends
which they may attempt to make cannot have the
effect of wiping off entirely the censure of the
board.
We j.11 know, Mr. President, that law was
brought before the Senate at a very late day of the
last session—on the 28th of February, I think—
and we adjourned on the 4th of March, i am
perfectly free, for one, to take all the responsi-
bility which may result from it, when L say that
I gave it hardly any consideration. It was not
in our power to do so. We were pressed by
public business, which had been accumulating
during the last days of the session, and 1 merely
redd the law, and did no more. I have read it
since very carefully, and examined and weighed it
with great deliberation. I cannot but think that
the law was unfortunate in not being sufficiently
guarded in its details for the regulation of the
action of that board, and I cannot but equally
think that the law has been misinterpreted by
those who were called upon to administer it. In
this state of things I base ventured to trespass
on the Senate so far as to throw out these ideas,
because of the suggestion which fell from the
honorable Senator from Pennsylvania, when he
presented the memorial, that redress was to be
afforded by examination in each individual case.
I do not think that the desired end can he at-
tained in that way. The number disrated, or
dismissed, amount, ( think, to two hundred and
one. The causes for any single dismissal arc not
assigned; the innocent are confounded with those
who have offended. It may be, tmd doubtless
is, true, that m some cases—whether in the ma-
jority or not, I am utterly unable to say—but in
many cases the visitation of the board was de-
served. The honorable Secretary admits that in
other cases it has not been deserved. We know
that one man who has not only illustrated Amer-
ican science in his department of the Navv, but
who has contributed more substantial benefits to
the nautical world than any man who has lived
since the days of .Newton, lias been disrated by
this board.
A Senator. To whom do you allude'
Mr. MASON. I mean Lieutenant Maury. I
know another instance of a lieutenant in the
Navy, who has been doing honorable service
upon the Pacific coast, under a special order of
the Navy Department, whom, personally, I do
not know, but who was assigned to that branch
among the most difficult, i um toid, appertaining
to nautical science, astronomy, and he has been
equally disrated.
Now, I cannot but think that in these cases—
I single them out, because in their particular
branch of the profession they stood deservedly
at its head, to illustrate the suggestion that the
decision of the board has resulted from a misin-
terpretation of tho law, and that disastrous con-
sequences must ensue, if officers are merely rein-
stated by the committee or by the Executive—
that it will leave them under the shade of the
original unexplained imputation. I am disposed
to think, therefore—but again I say my judg-
ment is not formed on this embarrassing and dif-
ficult question—.hat. it will probably be found
necessary, during the course of the session, to
pass a new law, (repealing, of course, the last,)
to begin the thing ab 0!%ine,and pass a law under
such safeguards m relation to its details as shall
prevent the consequences which I know are now
deplored by a vast portion of the people of the
country.
The memorial and accompanying documents
were referred to the Committee on Naval Affairs.
_ Mr. HALE. Mr. President, I have a memo-
rial upon the same subject, which I ask leave to
present to the Senate. As the rules require that
the member presenting a memorial shall state,
verbally, the contents of it, and as I intend to
ask the Senate to make a different disposition of
this memorial from that which has been made of
others of a similar character, I will trouble the
Senate by reading the memorial itself, thus em-
bodying it as a portion of the remarks I intend to
submit on the subject. I will do so, because I
think T can better submit the views which 1 wish
to present by reading the memorial, which is not
long, and then I will accompany it with the mo-
tion which I propose to make. The memorial is
in these words:
" To the Senate of Ike United States:
" The undeifeigned in tins memorial begs leave most re-
spectfully to represent that he is a eitr/.cn of Nf\v Hamp-
shire, and was late a master in the Navy of the United
States, and that, by the finding of tho Navy Boatd eieated
by an act of the last Congtess, he has been dismissed the
service.
" lie fui ther represents that he is totally ignorant of any
chaises or accut-aiion& cvei having been made against hnn
lot- dereliction of duty, inciTiejency, or improper conduct,
and icels conscious ot having peuoimed to the veiy letter
his every duty while jh the service, and homo hnn-ie-tt m
all lite relations a., boeamo an officer ot tho Navy, and as 13
expected bj' the Government.
"Deeply allhcted by the implied stigma with which he
feels the action of the Navy ttuaid lias marked his charac-
ter, and uijuiious as he knows it will be upon his future
prtxpe-cts, he ti lists he will not be held obnoxious to the
charge of immodesty if he embodies m this memorial a
brief history oflna connection with the Navy.
*' The memonalist entered the service in May, 1840, and
leccived notice from the Deputlment that his name was
dropped m ^eptcmbei, the interim bjing fifteen years
and iom months; of these he had a diug of actual «sea
service of twelve yeais and eii>ht months, and but ten
months leave ol absence, making, out of the fifteen years
and four months m the Navy, fourteen years and six months
employment, lie peiformed his first service on boaid the
l/mrod State* t-hip Dt lawarc ; was ordeied m November,
ItMO, to il'o United Stares sloop Concoid, Captain Boerum ;
ainvvd on th« eoa't of Hiazil, and was tum-sferred in Feb-
i'uaiv, 1 .-41, to the fmrato Potomac, Captain Ptorer, and
Reived in her until ?he about to leave toi home, when,
IA May, lie a<x<un oidcrcd to the Concord, ami
peftbniied his pioper duties m her up to the period of her I
wrefl0rupon the eoa-t of Afnca, 111 October, 184-}; after a |
detention of about nvo months, procured nntij.poitatum to j
(Jape Town, and thrtio iound the John Adams, to which 1
vessel he wa* oidered, and in hei proceeded to Rio do J a- j
nouo; alter ins aruval there, he was selected as one of the '
oilk cis to join the bii r Clupola, purchased l'oj the put po^e,
to letiiin 'to the coast of* Afiica and save what could ha
ftom uio wreck ot the I'oneoid. He letusned from this
cruise tri May, Jt4i, and received tisruu month.*' leave of
ab-eneo. Hotoio tins leave of absence had expned, ho was
oideied to the steamer I'nnceton, 111 winch he seived until
detached, in July,'1«45, with leave of one month. Tie then
received ouleis, <\wl reported at the naval school, wheiehe
remained until he had passed his examination, and received
a vvanant as passed muKhtpiuan of date July, 1646. Alter
obtaining this wairant, he leceived orders to the razee In-
dependence, Captain f-i.'ivah'tte, and in this vessel ho served
during the Mexican war, with the exception of the tem-
poiaiy command of a psize schooner, .find some months
>horc duty at San Jo&-5, the southern poa of Lowei Cali-
fornia, undei the command ot the late Lieutenant Charles
ileywood.
-• Hero the memorialist be<js leave to refer to the defense
of the - Cuaitel' at San Jos<5, defended by a force of thiity
American sailors and maunes, assisted by twenty Califor-
nia volunteer, against a force of over thtee bundled Mexi-
cans. He was one of the thiee o/fieeis engaged nf that
defens", one of whom, Parsed Midshipman Tenant
Mclvmahan, fell 11101 tally wounded 111 gallantly resisting an
a.-.-aiilt. This p')>iUori was deiended tor twenty-one days,
and for m:u' closely benched, half staived as they were,
and weak iiom over-watehmg, and fatigue, and wounds.5'
Commodore Shubuck "—
who was President of tho retiring board.
'•'Commodore Slmbrick, commanding then the Pacific
f-quadton, m his orheial leport 01 this adair to the Depart-
ment, of date Felnuaty lo, 1813,.writes as follows t
want woids 10 expie-s my sense of the gallant conduct
of these ofiiceis.and the ohiceis and men under their com-
mand, a* dotulf d m their leport^, but feel that I am per-
fectly t-afe ui -saying tii.it the wnnals of no war can lurrm-h
instance?! of gicater coolness, of niofe indomitable peise-
veranee, of more conspicuous bravery, and of sounder
judsment, than can be found in their details. They will
b'.1 lead with pride and pleasure by the department and by
every American, and ivill secwe to all concerned a most en-
viable jdiiic in the estimation of their cotcairifineii.'
u have tlse best reason to believe that these ieport<3, so
far fiom overrating the acts of those concerned, aie sttougly
imbued with the modesty of tiue courage, winch adiieres
to truth, but shrink < from exonerating, and neither dimin-
ishes nor magnifies its own deeds.'
" The memorialist he.g> also to refer to on official report of
the lute Lieufnant Ciunles Ilc> wood, commanding at the
defense of San Jos4, to Commodore Shubuck, of date Feb-
ruary, 1848. This is an extract:
" 'After the death of Passed Midshipman McUanahan,
there remained but one officer to assist me—Passed Mid-
shipman George A. Stevens, to whom, for his eoolno&s, and
indefatigable zeal, at a time when so much devolved upon
him, I am happy to accord the highest credit.'
" The memorialist arrived home from this cruise May,
1849, and was again on duty at the Observatory m August,
fiom which, in November, 1849, he was ordered to the
schooner Gallatin, Lieutenant Maffitt. on coast survey ser-
vice. He served in her until July, 1850, when h§ Was or-
dered to the frigate Itantan, then fitting out for the Pacific,
in which vessel he seived until June, 1651, when he was
transferied to the ship Southampton, Lieutenant Com-
manding Peter Turner. This vessel, after finishing her
cruise, returned home in August, 1&S2, ami was immediately
designated to service m the Pacific and Japan seas, under
the command of Lieutenant Commanding Boyle; and tho
undersigned sailed m her.
" This ve.-sel returned home in 185,'>, after an active and
useful erui*.^, coopeiatmg with the Japan sqnadion to the
entire satisfaction of Commodore M. C. Perry, who offi-
cially commended the skill and promptitude with which
the fchip performed the services luquircd of her. After an
arduous and faithful service ofneaily thirteen years at sea,
and a connection with the Navy of more than fifteen years,
the undersigned received Ins warrant as dated
Mai eh, IK"), upon which his future hopes and prospects
were based; to be summarily dismissed in le«s than six
months after, unconscious of any fault, without a heaim^,
and liable to every speculation and surmise calculated u>
damage his reputation, and momfyand imbitter the feel-
ings of those for whose welfaie he feels a more poignant
interest than lie dare here expie-ss.
"In view of the above statement of facts, winch the
recoids of the Department cannot disprove, and which tho
memorialist can establish by the conhimntory evidence of
his shipmates, and the officers under whom ho ha^ sailed,
he ipspectfully asks such redress by the Senate, as they, m
their wisdom and justice, mav deem proper.
« GEORGE A. {STEVENS,
" Late Master United States A'aey."
My motion is that this memorial be referred
to tho Committee on the Judiciary. The reason
why I ask for that reference is, that I wish the
Senate to be favored with the lc£*ol opinion of
that committee, to whom such a question appro-
priately belongs, upon the question whether
officers in the Army and Navy have any consti-
tutional rights at a]k,—whether those great safe-
guards which the Constitution in all civil cases
has thrown around the rights of person and
property appertain in the remotest degree to
naval officeis. I apprehend that the true rule
will be found to be—and [ think the Committee
on the Judiciary will so report—that all the safe-
guards which the wisdom of the framcrs of the
Constitution have incorporated into that instru-
ment for the protection and the preservation of
the personal rights of the citizen, pertain in all
their extent to officers in the Army and jNavy so
far as they arc applicable, and tli^t they are ap-
plicable in every case where the emergencies of
naval and military service do not demand a dif-
ferent course.
The complaint which an ofBcer of this character
makes should always, it seems to me, command
a listening ear from the Senate of the United
States, He states to you that, for fifteen years,
he has been connected with the Navy, doing his
duty promptly and efficiently, without reproach,
suspicion, or accusation. He states that, while
he has been fifteen years and four "months in
service, he has actually been at sea twelve yeais
and eight months. Sir, it has been common ith
every Senator who has presented memorials on
this subject, to preface his remarks with the
expression of great confidence in the purity, up-
rightness, integrity, and candor of this boar'd.
1 am not going to do any such thing, for the best
of all reasons. In the first place, I do not bclievo
in it; and, in the next place, it is not according
to my taste to make any such professions. My
education and observation have taught me that,
when a man does an act, he intends the reason-
able and natural consequences of the act; and it
is not worth while to travel any further than that.
I apprehend, also, it will be found, when the his-
tory of this board is gone into, that the kind of
service which Mr. Stevens has been doing has
not been that kind which has most favorably
commended itself to the consideration of the naval
board. You perceive, sir, that poor Stevens has
been at sea; he has been facing death in the tem-
pestuous storms of a wintry passage around Cape
Horn; he has met it in the appalling form of the
pestilential vapors generated by a tropical sun on
the coast of Africa; and helms mctitonthe battle-
fields of Mexico, During all these trials and
emergencies, he has sustained himself as became
a man and an officer, tic has met the enemy,
and he has not been vanquished; but, while he
has been thus honorably serving his -country on
