928
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 16.
I think it is unjust to exclude men who have ren-
dered service equally patriotic as others; who
have served for the same length of time, and who
are now excluded on account of a technicality.
Mr. BRODHEAD. I have no desire to delay
the action of the Senate, but I feel bound to de-
fend the act of 1855 against the assaults which
have been made upon it, come from what quarter
thej may. My friend from Iowa has constantly
used the phrase, " speculator in land warrants.
Mr. JONES, of Iowa. I did not mean political
speculator; I meant land warrant speculator; and
I know that my friend does not belong to that
class. He belongs to the political class, and that,
X think, was the object of his original bill.
Mr. BRODHEAD. I never owned a land war-
rant in my life, and I knew the gentleman did
not allude to me. But, sir, what is the difference
between a speculator who enters land at $1 25
an aere under our laws, and the speculator who
gives $1 15 or $1 20 an acre for a land warrant?
What is the difference between a speculator of
land in Wall street and a speculator of land in the
new States ? Are those who live in the new States
to have the monopoly of all land speculations and
all the public lands ?
I brought forward the bounty land bill for 1855,
as a counter proposition to two antagonistic sys-
tems—the homestead bill and the bills granting
large quantities of land to railroad corporations.
Who will say that it is not a much better measure
than those bills? There have been speculations
in the public lands since the organization of the
Government. More lands have been sold to spec-
ulators under our general laws, at $1 25 an acre,
than have been located by speculators with bounty
li^id warrants. What is the difference in prin-
ciple between the two cases ?
The lives of most of us are spent in choosing
between two evils. During the last Congress the
horacstead bill had been passed by the House of
Representatives, and it came within one or two
votes of being passed in this body. It was a
measure injurious to the old States. It was cal-
culated to withdraw from us our best population,
and at the same time to benefit the speculator.
Mr. PUGH. Will the Senator tell me how?
Mr. BRODHEAD. Why, sir, a man under
the homestead full would get his land for nothing;
he would get his title at the end of five years, and
then he would sell it on speculation. Again, how
could the homestead bill benefit the old States ?
The favorable locations, all the good lands, would
be taken up by persons acquainted with the west-
ern country before people from Pennsylvania and
the old States could reach there. The homestead
bill would have been of no service to the old
States. Who of the citizens of those States would
have taken advantage of its provisons? If our
people could get good lands under it, it might
Jiave withdrawn some of our best population.
jBut, sir, t hold that, for an honest, industrious
farmer, Pennsylvania is as good a place as any
in the Union. I say that the act of 1855 was no
more for the benefit of speculators than the gen-
eral law authorizing any person to enter tiie pub-
lic lauds ill any quantity at $1 25 an acre. I
have thought it proper to say thus much m reply
to the Senator from Iowa.
Mr. BIGLER. Mr. President, the friends of
this proposition have not entirely satisfied my
mind that it ought to be adopted It is very clear,
in reference to the whole system of bounty land
reward, that the bounty lias borne no proper
relation to the service. For instance, a man who
served fourteen days has received an equal re-
ward with him who served live years. That
was certainly a departure from correct principle
if we can think of considering this subject on
principles of equity at all.
It seems to be admitted on all hands that the
system of pensions and bountv land, as now re-
cognized by our laws, is a very libera] system.
It is proposed here to introduce a new principle
—not that those who have served shall be re-
warded by bounty, but that those who have not
served shall also be rewarded. Those who have
not come within the scope of military discipline,
who have not been subject to military laws, who
have not borne its responsibilities, who have not
taken its hazards, are to be considered as being
in the service during the time they were attempt-
ing to get into the service.
The Senator from Georgia [Mr. Toombs] has
not made this ease entirely clear to my mind as a
question of rightand of equity. Perhaps he can do
so; or perhaps I have not understood him properly.
I remember very well, that when it was necessary
to raise an additional force for tjie war with Mex-
ico, the Governor of my State called upon the
people to volunteer, and the companies that were
offered for service were very numerous, many
more, indeed, than could be accepted. I always
understood that those who departed from their
proper place of residence to the rendezvous, were
first notified that their services would be accepted.
Mr. TOOMBS. This amendment only includes
those who were actually accepted and mustered
into the service of the United States, and not
those who were rejected.
Mr. BIGLER. But they cannot be included
unless they be counted as in the service before
they actually gotinto it. I remember that, in my
State, in the instance to which I have alluded, men
devoted their entire time for weeks to organizing
companies and preparing them for the service.
This was disinterested, it was patriotic, it was
worthy of reward; but they could not get into the
service. I am not certain that m any instance
they were mustered or taken to the spot of rendez-
vous; but they certainly did go through all the
scrviee—they certainly did perform as much patri-
otic labor as the companies for whom the Senator
from Georgia proposes to provide. When we
shall have adopted the principle of this amend-
ment, it will be but a mere step further to embrace
the companies to which I have referred. As at
present impressed, I shall vote against-this amend-
ment.
Mr. STUART. In the hope that it may save
me something hereafter, I wish now to protest
against this manner of discussing a question by
bringing in a dozen others, and thrusting them on
a gentleman here by way of complaint. I think
I could answer the suggestions of the Senator
from Georgia, [Mr. Toombs.] I could show that
appropriations of lands made by the General
Government for the purposes of railroad con-
struction on the principles on which they have
been made, have been beneficial to the United
States; but it would take me a part of to-day to
do it, and so of every other question wkich has
been suggested by him. I probably might be able
to show that I should bear no very bad compari-
son with my fru'nd from Georgia on the score of
economy, but that, would be hardly worthwhile.
{ know that he did not mean to charge me with
anything improper in that respect, and I shall not
comment upon it.
1 do wish, however, to say a word or two in
respect to this amendment. The Senator has
stated that the only distinction between the bill,
as reported by the committee, and this amend-
ment, is that one man is mustered into the ser-
vice, and marchrs.baek to the place of action, and
the other is not. That will be completely answered
by my asking why not make the muster-roll of
the captain evidence of the travel? That, the Sen-
ator's colleague, [Mr. Iverson,] who offers the
amendment, objects to. Now, 1 state the differ-
ence to be that you open the question to fraudu-
lent parol evidence whether the man did march
or not. You allow men to come in and prove,
by parol, that certain persons did march to the
place of action, when the truth is that they never
went at all. It may be done by design, and it
may be from misapprehension. Recollect that
this provision carries you back to 1790, and you
allow parol proof that, as far back as 1790, in
any war from that time to this, a man marched
twenty miles. From the want of recollection, it
must be obvious that the mistakes which would
occur would be very great. If it wei e to be deter-
mined by the muster-roll of the militia officer who
1 marched the company in an organized form, as
[ stated by the honorable Senator from Georgia,
; [Mr. Toombs,] it would present a very different
1 question.
Now, I have a word to say as to the principle
of equity which has been spoken of. 1 have
undertaken to show that there is no such princi-
ple in the case. 1 have undertaken to show that
it is a system of arbitrary provisions of Jaw, not
based upon principles of equity. Let me illus-
trate this. Any number of men who marched to
the rjlace of action without marching in an organ -
form would not come within the principles
of the amendment of the Senator from Georgia,
[Mr. Iverson.] Would not the man who shoul-
dered his musket at the call of his country, and
marched on his own account one hundred miles
to be mustered into service, be as meritorious as
one who marches with a company in an organ-
ized form? Then T^hy is he excluded? It will
be seen, the moment you look into this question,
that you cannot carry out the principles of equity
of which gentlemen have spoken; they do not
exist in tMjaw. The principle of the law is tljat
record evraence shall exist, whether the man
marched at all or not; and that is to be determined
by the fact whether he was mustered into service
or not. I submit that the great majority of cases
are covered by the amendments of the committee
as they stand.
The Senator from Georgia [Mr. Iverson] has
made a point two or three times on the Indian
provision of the bill of 1855. A few words of
explanation will show the Senate the whole effect
of that. It was an amendment offered to that bill,
in haste, by the Senator from Mississippi, [Mr.
Brown.] He had been complaining that, through-
out all the provisions granting bounty land, In-
dians were not provided for; and in the hurry of
the moment he drew up an amendment declaring
that the provisions of the act of 1855, and of all
other bounty land laws, should apply to Indiana
on the same principles as to white men. The
Senate adopted it, and it was incorporated into
the bill. Now, the Senator from Georgia says it
gives an Indian an advantage over the white man.
Theoretically, it does; but, practically, it does
not. When" did Indians march into the service
of the country in an organized form ? Can the
Senator fmd a case where the Indians marched
in an organized form, and have drawn bounty
land where white men cannot draw it? There is
no such case on record. The practical effect of
the law is precisely the same as to Indians and
white men, as it stands on this point. In fact,
Indians do not stand as well, because you will
find many cases where Indians were actually en-
gaged m the same service and in the same battle;
but not being mustered into companies, the rec-
ord evidence of their service does not exist. This
answers the Senator's charge as to the Indian
provision of the law of last year.
Now, sir, I desire to say a few words to the
Senate in reference to the act of 1852, for I went
through with that bill in the House of Represent-
atives at, the time, and there are some curious
historical facts connected with it. The object of
that bill was to make bounty land warrants as-
signable; and here began the great evil. As long
as the Congress of the United States gave bounty
lands to the soldiers who had been engaged in the
wars of this country, and did not allow them to
assign their warrants, it gave land to individuals
who needed a homestead to live upon, and it had
merit in it. A man who was poor and had fought
the battles of his country could take his warrant,
could move to a new State, and secure himself a
home and its comforts. Ill 1852, however, itwas
ascertained that, if land warrants were made as-
signable, certain gentlemen could make money
out of them; and such a clamor as was raised in
the House of Representatives, over the idea of
keeping the poor soldier from assigning his war-
rant, I never heard in my life elsewhere. But it
turned out that the clamor oiiginated because the
members had their pockets full of land wanants;
and inasmuch as the laws did not make them as-
signable, they could not use them. This strange
inconsistency was presented: when it was pro-
posed to pay the registers and receivers for enter-
ing the land warrants, these same champions of
" the old soldier" voted against it. It was tried for
two weeks in the House of Representatives, and
it could not be inserted there, because it would
take from their speculation. When the bill came
to the Senate, the Senate provided that the land
officers should receive the same fee for locating
lands with warrants as for entering them with
money; and, in order that these gentlemen spec-
ulators might make the most of their assignable
quality, they had to agree to pay something like
twenty-five or fifty cents a piece to the land offi-
cers for locating the warrants. The moment the
Government by law swung loose from the ori-
ginal position of giving.bounty land to the soldier
for his individual services, to locate land upon
which to live, that moment you put the whole
thing into the hands of speculation; and that has
