192
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[March 14,
34th Cong....1st Sess.
Kansas Contested-Election—Mr. Washburne, of Maine.
Ho. of Reps.
gether to the constitution and laws of that State, and the
well-settled rule in this court Is, that the courts of the United
[States adopt and follow the decisions of the State courts in
questions which concern merely the constitution and laws
Of a State. ,
" Upon what ground could the circuit court of the united
States which tried this case have departed from this rule,
and disregarded and overruled the decisions of the court of
Rhode Island ? Undoubtedly the courts of the United States
have certain powers under the Constitution and laws of the
United States which do not belong to State courts. But the
power of determining that a State government has been law-
fully established, which the courts of the State disown and
repudiate, is not one of them. Upon such a question the
courts of the United States are bound to follow the decisions
of the State tribunals, and must therefore regard the char-
ter government as the lawful and established government
<1 tiring the time of this contest."
So that it appears, by a decision of the highest
judicial tribunal in the land, that whether (he
House acts, in judging of the elections, returns and
qualifications of its members, in a political or judi-
cial capacity, it has the power, and, I may add,
it is its duty, when the inquiry becomes important,
to ascertain and decide as to the regulari ty and legal
existence of State—and of course of Territorial—
fovernments and Legislatures. And such inquiry,
maintain, does become important when a ma-
terial question in issue is, whether there were at |
a certain time laws in force in a State or Terri-
tory prescribing the way and manner of holding
elections, as required by the organic law thereof.
And this will depend upon another and previous
question: whether there was in existence a legis-
lative body competent to pass such laws.
Why, sir, the power to decide upon the title of
men, and bodies of men, as Legislatures, to the
offices and functions which they claim, is recog-
nized in a thousand cases in the books, where,
upon quo warranto, such titles have been examined
and passed upon.
There is a question of this kind being heard
to-day before the supreme court of the State of
Wisconsin. Mr. Barstow claims to hare been
. chosen Governor of that State at the late election,
and has been so declared by the board of State
canvassers. Mr. Bashford, the opposing candi-
date, impeaches the decision of the canvassers,
and alleges that the returns upon which it was
made were forgeries, or procured falsely and fraud-
ulently; and that he, in fact, had a majority of
the legal votes, and was therefore duly elected.
The supreme court, upon argument, has taken
jurisdiction of the question, and decided that it
has power to go behind the action of the canvass-
ers, and declare which of the claimants was duly
elected.
The result is, that where the political power of
the United States has recognized a State govern-
ment, the Supreme Court will adopt that recog- j
nition so far as it legitimately extends; and where
there has been no decision by the political power,
or in cases outside of the scope of a decision, if
there have been one, it will adopt the law de-
clared by the highest State court.
Mr. Speaker, I cannot pass from this branch
of inquiry without remarking again upon the
extent of the power claimed by the gentleman
from Maryland for the President. If the gen-
tleman is right in his conclusions, there is but
one power in the land—that of the Executive;
there is no House and no Senate: the President
is judge of their elections, and is the master of the
States; he may raise up and he may put down at
will j he may prepare his own opportunities, and
availing himself of the results of nis own machi-
nations, declare the law for the States, the courts,
and the people. The true and constitutional lim-
itation is this: the President, from necessity, must
judge and decide for himself when the exigency
* arises upon which he is to act. When in a State
there is an insurrection or domestic violence, the
President may, upon proper request, interfere to
restore order and prevent bloodshed. He must
act upon the instant; and, by his proclamation,
recognize the authority which he holds to be reg-
ular; and this recognition is the law of that case,
and goes no further, and can go no further with-
out breaking down the powers of the coordinate
branches of the Government. He has no more
right, by his decision, to control the constitutional
functions of the Senate and the House of Repre-
sentatives than they, or either of them, have to
control his. Each must decide for its own exi-
gency*, and each, in its own sphere, is independ-
ent of the other. Why, sir, after the President
has recognized a State government as the author-
ized and regular government, and has succeedcd
in his duty of quelling the disturbances there, the
people of the State may peaceably recognize the
antagonist government, submit to it, choose Sen-
ators and Representatives under it, and they,
I coming here, may be admitted by the Senate and
1 the House; and thus the government which they
represent will be acknowledged to be the true and
rightful government by Congress, and such ac-
knowledgment will be the political decision which
the Supreme Court declares it is bound to follow.
What has been said in this debate in respect
to governments de facto is applicable to foreign
rather than to our State governments, and has
no bearing upon our Territorial governments. A
Territorial Legislature, in so far as the power
is granted by its organic law to make laws or
rules for the election of a Delegate to Congress,
is the agent of the General Government or of the
House; and the House has a right to know that
the particular agent provided for making these
laws has acted therein. In the debate upon the
contested-election case from Illinois, recently be-
fore the Senate, Judge Butler, from South Car-
olina, said:
" Members of a State Legislature occupy a double rela-
tion. They become, in some respects, constituents of the
Federal Government, so far as their agency may be em-
ployed in electing Senators to the Congress of the United
States under the Federal Constitution."
And, again:
" The member of a State Legislature occupies the double
relation of being the representative of his own constituents,
so far as their home interests are concerned, and also of
being one of the agents contemplated by the Constitution
of the United States to make a Senator of the United
States."
Apply these principles to the case before us,
and we must regard the Legislature of Kansas as
our agent for the purpose of making laws for the
i election of a Delegate. Those laws can be made
only by the agent which we authorized, and not
byanother. Delegates areallowed to Territories
by the grace and favor of Congress. Unlike
States, they have no constitutional right to be j
represented in these Halls. Congress may receive
i or refuse them at its pleasure. It may repeal all
1 laws upon the subject at any time. When it ex-
tends this favor, it may couple it with condi-
j tions. It may impose the condition that laws
j shall be made for the holding of the elections by a
Legislature to be chosen in respect to time, place,
and suffrage as it shall prescribe; and when a
Delegate comes here, the House may well inquire
whether all these conditions have been kept, and,
if not, it may clearly and unquestionably reject
him.
Something more than twenty years ago a case
similar to this in principle was before the Senate.
Under the old charter government of Rhode
Island there was a failure to elect one of the
Houses of the Legislature, and, by a law which
it was insisted, on one side, that body had no
power to make, the old Legislature was continued
until another should be elected. By the Legisla-
ture thus holding over Mr. Robbins was chosen
United States Senator. A new Legislature was
elected the year after, by which the election of
Mr. Robbins was declared null and void. It then
proceeded to an election for Senator, and made
choice of Mr. Potter. Both gentlemen appeared
before the Senate, and claimed the seat. The
question was very thoroughly discussed; and it
turned upon the question of fact whether, under
the charter and by the laws of Rhode Island, the
Legislature held over. The Senate decided that
it did, and admitted Mr. Robbins. The majority
of the committee to whom the subject was re-
ferred, while incidentally recognizing some of the j
doctrines maintained by the minority of the com- ■
mittee in this case, acted upon those of the ma-
jority. They say:
" To constitute a Legislature capable of enacting laws or
performing any other duty confided to that body by the
constitution of the State or of the United States, it is essen-
tial that there should be in existence at the same time a
Governor, or some officer authorized to perform the execu-
tive functions; a Senate, and House of Representatives.
In the absence of either the other branches could not per-
form any act which would be obligatory on the people of the
atate. We art then brought to ike inquiry, whether these
P*"3 the Legislature of Rhode Island were
J? Providence in January, 1833, when Mr. Rob-
ffresa™ elecled> m grand committee, a Senator to Con-
Again:
"It remains, then, to be inquired, was this body so as-
sembled the Legislature of Rhode IMnnd? The law, by
virtue of which they continued to exercise the powers of
legislation, is said to bo repugnant to the charter, and
therefore void. It'this be a sound objection, it at once an-
nuls every part of the proceeding.-, and, as a necessary
consequence, that of choosing a Senator in Congress."
| The minority of the committee in the Rhode
Island case, consisting of Mr. Wright, of New
York, and Mr. Rives, of Virginia, held not only
] that the Senate had power to inquire whether tho
• body which elected Mr. Robbins was the Legis-
lature of Rhode Island, butalso, that, upon inves-
1 tigation, it appeared that this body was not the
| Legislature of that State, and, therefore, that Mr.
! Potter was duly elected. Mr. Rives resigned his
seat in the Senate before the report of the mi-
nority—in the conclusions of which, it was said,
he concurred—was presented. Mr. Wright drew
the report, and it is marked by that clearness
and force for which that great man was so justly
distinguished. He says:
"But however this may be, he cannot but consider it a
plain proposition, and not requiring argument to support ir,
that when the constitutional organization of a body of men
claiming to be the Legislature of a State is the question in
issue, the acts of that body whose constitutional powers
are disputed, are not to be adduced as evidence of the con-
stitutional power of the body to perform tliein. When the
constitutionality of a legislative act is questioned, lie cannot
believe that the act itself is to be relied upon as evidence
of its own validity. Equally clear is it to Ins inind that,
when such a question is to be determined, the consequences
of pronouncing the act to be invalid are not considerations
which should legitimately control the decision. The act is
either constitutional or unconstitutional. If constitutional,
tlieflispute is settled ; if unconstitutional, no consequences
to follow from a pronunciation of the tact can make it
valid. So with the body claiming to be the Legislature of a
State. If the Legislature of the State, according to the pro
visions of its constitution, the controversy is at an end; if not
the Legislature of the State, no acts of theirs in their assumed
character, and no consequences to follow from the invalidity
of thoie acts, can give them the powers which they had not
when the acts were performed, or make them what they were
not, the Legislature of the State."
I will conclude what I have to say upon this
branch of the case with the remark, that, if these
views of Mr. Wright be sound, " the controversy
is at an end."
I did not notice in its order the objection inter-
posed by the minority, that Governor Reeder is
estopped, by his own acts, from denying the legal
and proper existence of the Kansas Legislature,
and for the reason, that the answers to this objec-
tion by the majority report, and by the learned
gentleman from Maryland, seem to me to be tri-
umphant and complete. It cannot have escaped
the attention of the House, that the gentleman
from Georgia, while he regards the Governor of
Kansas, when he acts as a canvasser of votes
and returns, as but a ministerial officer, and there-
fore bound to give certificates of election to such
persons as appear by the returns to be elected, the
final and ultimate right to decide being in the Legis-
lature, holds and stoutly maintains that Governor
Reeder is concluded by operation of the doctrine
of estoppels—that he is estopped because he did
something, which, as a ministerial officer, he
could not help doing. On the other hand, the
gentleman from Maryland contends that the Gov-
ernor, in canvassing the returns and issuing cer-
tificates of election, was invested with more than
ministerial powers, and that his decision was final
and conclusive, and cannot be reconsidered. Still,
he scouts, as well he may, and not inconsistently,
this whole business of estoppels, in connection
with political questions.
The gentleman argued with considerable force,
from the language of the Kansas-Nebraska act,
that the Governor was the final and only judge
of the elections of members of the first Legislature
of the Territory of Kansas. The language of
the act is as follows:
''The persons having the highest number of legal votes in
e? "J said Council districts for members of the Council,
shall be declared by the Governor to be duly elected to
the Council; and the persons having the highest number of
legal votes for the House of Representatives shall be
declared by the Governor to be duly elected members of
said House: Provided, That in case two or more person*
voted for shall have an equal number of votes, and in case a
vacancy shall otherwise occur in either branch of the Legis-
lative Assembly, the Governor shall order a new election;
and the persons thus elected to the Legislative Assembly
shall meet at such place, and on such day, as the Governor
shall appoint."
This act is the constitution of the Territory,
and in it no power is expressly delegated to the
