1856.]
appendix to the congressional glob?.
193
34th Cong.... 1st Sess.
Kansas Contested Election-—Mr. Damrell.
Ho. of Reps.
first Legislature to judge of the elections, returns,
&c., of its members. And if it be the true inter-
pretation of the law, that it was the design of
Congress that the machinery for organizing the
Territory should be pu*in motion by those mem-
bers only who should obtain the certificates of
the Governor, what will be the result ? It seems
to me to follow irresistibly, that those members,
and those only who were declared to be duly elected
by the Governor, could act in the Legislature,
and that the acts of a body differently constituted
cannot be the acts of the Legislature contemplated
by the organic law of the Territory. Seven mem-
bers who received certificates from the Governor
were rejected by the House of Representatives,
and seven who had not received certificates were
admitted. Could this be the Legislature which
was to consist of twenty-six members, " declared
to be duly elected'' by the Governor ? Here were
but nineteen members with certificates, a minority
of whom, with the members illegally admitted,
would be & majority of the whole body, and could
pass bills in opposition to the will of the majority
of those who had been legally returned. If the
nineteen duly elected could not admit others to
their number, as they could not if the Governor
was the sole judge of elections, and yet be a le-
gislative body capable of transacting business, the
organic law would be virtually repealed, and a
quorum for doing business would be reduced from
fourteen to ten, which would, clearly, be a very
different body from that provided for by the law
of Congress. The case is as if a board of com-
missioners, consisting of three members, who, by
the law establishing it, were to be appointed by
the President, upon assembling to enter upon the
discharge of their functions, should proceed to
remove one of their number, and appoint another
in his place. In such case it may be presumed
no one would contend that the action of the board
could be of any force or validity.
The last question which I propose to consider
is, whether, if it be the judgment of the House that
the investigation shall proceed, persons and papers
shall be sent for, as the committee have suggested, or
whether commissioners shall go to Kansas to take tes-
timony there. Upon this subject the committee say:
" Your committee are further informed, by the statement
of the contestant, that the testimony cannot be otherwise
procured—that, in truth, there are such obstacles to en-
counter as to prevent the taking of it in any other way than
that contemplated by them. This, we are convinced, is
entitled to credit. The President of the United States hag
Issued his proclamation, and sent his orders to the military
officers of the United States, looking to the employment of |
their forces in hostile conflicts throughout the very country i
where the witnesses must be collected and the testimony
taken. If we are to judge from the general tone of the pub- ,
lie press, and opinions found in messages and debates of '
the Governors and Legislatures of several of the States of
the Union, it would seem that parties there are actuated by
a bitterness of feeling unparalleled in our history, and that
there is imminent danger of a serious collision. We can-
not perceive the propriety of sending a commission to take
testimony in the midst of a scene of strife, or impending
strife, and particularly when the execution of the commis-
sion would necessarily bring adverse elements in contact,
increase excitement, and present a constant point of con-'
flict; where commissioners would be powerless in the
midst of masses of armed men, and where every circum-
stance would be unfavorable to eliciting truth."
For these reasons, and others, I am persuaded
that it will be exceedingly difficult, if notimpossi-
ble, to obtain testimony through the instrumen-
tality of a commission. Should the time be limited
for executing the commission, it might be con-
sumed in the protracted examination of a few
witnesses; and if not limited, and either party
should feel indisposed to have its results laid
before the House, he would be at no loss to find
expedients for delay. These objections are appli-
cable to some extent, but with less force, to a
committee of this House, authorized to sit within
or without the Territory, as may be convenient.
Mr. Speaker, a few words by way of review
and "improvement," and I will bring these re-
marks to a close. The minority demur to the
memorial of Governor Reeder, and to the report
of the majority, but in so doing admit, in effect,
the general and substantial correctness of their
statements. They do not pretend to say that
thousands of Missourians did not go over to Kan-
sas on the 30th of March, and vote for members
of the Legislature, and prevent citizens of the
Territory from voting. And, sir, if the majority
believed that this great question of public and
New Series.—No. 13
universal concern, in whose issues are folded and
contained, it may be, the future of the Republic,
could properly and fittingly be tried and decided
upon the technical pleadings of the courts, upon
estoppels and demurrers, tney would say, " Gen-
tlemen, upon your own admissions, and by your
own rules of construction as applicable thereto,
you have confessed the facts. By your general pro
forma denial, with no specifications in detail—by
your allegation that the complaints and charges,
if true, amount to nothing, and this House has no
jurisdiction—you have admitted for the purposes
of this trial, the truth of the averments in the
memorial of Governor Reeder; and upon the rules
recognized in every court of law, the case is to
be decided upon such admissions."
But, sir, this cause is not to be, ought not to be,
so decided. The House ought to know, the
country desires to know, and should be informed,
what the actual facts are. A judgment upon
estoppels and demurrers will not be satisfactory
to the House or the people; for it would leave,
after all; the vital question of fact, and the ques-
tion of the rights of the people of Kansas and of
the parties here, open to dispute and controversy.
What is wanted and demanded is an impartial
hearing, and an honest, intelligent judgment upon
the very facts. Are gentlemen afraid of the facts ?
Will they suppress the truth ? What will be the
inevitable judgment of the country if they do ?
They only fear the truth " whom the truth would
indict."
Sir, the doctrine of the minority, that this House
has no authority to inquire whether, jn point of
fact there was a legal Legislature in Kansas, and
which goes to the extent that even if thousands of
armed men did march from Missouri, their place
of residence, to Kansas,and there,by threats and
force, take possession of the polls in every elec-
tion district, and disregarding and trampling upon
the laws and rules of election prescribed by the
rightful authority, keeping citizens from voting,
did themselves elect every officer; and thus im-
pose upon the people of Kansas a Legislature—
to call it such—against their wishes, in contempt
of their laws, and in flagrant violation of their
dearest rights, still there is no remedy; that the
House, in a case where its own rights and duties
are directly concerned, and where, from the nature
of the subject, it has full and plenary power to
investigate and judge, must regard and hold such
Legislature to be legal and rightful, and its pre-
tended enactments as absolutely binding upon all
parties, and protected from every inquiry,—is a
startling and monstrous doctrine. No doctrine
more dangerous or alarming, none more false and
treacherous to liberty and to law, has ever been
ventured in any Government, even the most
tyrannical and despotic, of which history has kept
the record. I say more treacherous to law—to
law—
" The State's collected will,
O'er thrones and globes elate ;
Crowning good, repressing ill—
not the will of one people over another; not, sir,
the raw and unbridled will of Missouri mobs, in
regard to the affairs of Kansas, pronounced in
edicts such as have been read upon this floor,
"crowning" the indescribable evil of slavery,
and " repressing" the priceless good of liberty.
Gentlemen upon the other side of the question
have spoken eloquently in behalf of law and order.
The simplicity and apparent sincerity with which
they have insisted that law and order were to be
respected in this case, by upholding a pretended
Legislature in Kansas—admitted to be elected in
good part by non-residents; elected,as is charged
—and this is the question in issue—in contempt
of all law, order, and decency, by fraud, force, and
unheard-of outrages; and by submitting, uncom-
plainingly, to the acts of such a body, sitting in
fraud of the rights of the people, was indeed ad-
mirable; or the irony of their remarks, if they
were so intended, was more admirable still. The
law must be kept by protecting law-breakers,
and sustaining their doings in open violation of
all law! Order must be observed, by yielding,
an unquestioning obedience to acknowledged
mobs! Sir, we stand for law; this House, I
trust, will stand for law and by law, and ascer-
tain what the law is in so far as it is itself con-
cerned, and bound to know and act upon it. It
should inquire and investigate to this end, and be
careful that the law, rather than the resolutions of
marauders, shall control its decisions.
In no State or Territory, upon any question
where slavery is not concerned, would such prin-
ciples and doctrines as we have heard in this de-
bate be avowed. Suppose that an invasion like
the one alleged to have been made upon Kansas
—and 1 have argued this case, as I had a right to
do, as if all could be proved which is charged—
had been made upon Minnesota from Canada,
and that under similar circumstances of fraud and
force a Legislature had been imposed upon that
Territory; and then that under its pretended laws
a Delegate elected by Canadians had been sent
here,—where is the man who would consent that
Canada should be permitted in this way to be
represented in this House ? Oh ! sir, nothing but
the system of slavery—its necessities for strange
and unfounded assumptions and demands—could
suggest or permit such opinions and claims aa
have been set up here. They must not be toler-
ated for a moment. Does any man imagine that
those to whom they are addressed do not Per"
ceive how utterly unsound and groundless they
are? Should they submit to them, they would
acknowledge their unfaithfulness or incapacity,
and justly become the scorn or pity of mankind.
Mr. Speaker, for the sake of slavery solemn
compacts of long standing, deliberately entered
into and with mutual considerations, have been
destroyed; pledges of faith and honor have been
cast like worthless weeds away; the great writ
of right, sacred for centuries to the protection of
mankind—the habeas corpus—has been struck
down; the trial by jury, the palladium of civil
right and personal security, born of the conflicts
of liberty with despotism, and baptized in the
blood of men struggling to be free, consecrated
in our hearts as the ancient and indefeasible herit-
age of the people, guarded by the Constitution,
stands against all assaults except those of slavery;
and, as if these things were not enough, we are
now told that the instruments of this sectional
interest, its gangs and invading armies, may enter
and seize upon our infant Territories, our own
Territories, under the immediate and especial pro-
tection of the General Government—subjugate
the people rightfully residing there, make laws
and elect Delegates for them; and this House, in
its absolute and unrestricted power to judge of
the elections of its members, has no authority to
inquire into their proceedings, or to resist the
admission of such Delegates upon this floor.
Slavery, in its claims and demands of to-day,
is so much greater and better than anything else,
nay, than all things else, that to protect and
strengthen it, is held to justify the destruction of
whatever stands in its way. The rules of the
House are broken down by unscrupulous major-
ities, and less than a quorum of members per-
mitted to report bills from the Committee of the
Whole to the House at its call. Laws are set
aside, and compromises violated for its sake, and
nothing is held sacred against its assaults. The
great idea of the Declaration of Independence, and
which has given its author a name that
" Through the ages,
Living in historic pages,
Brighter grows and gleams immortal,"
is pronounced in the Senate of the United States
a " self-evident lie." All memories and hopes,
all possessions and rights—the Constitution, the
Union, the living Gospel of" peace on earth and
good will to men," are but flax and stubble when
exposed to the consuming flame of this insatiate
and inexorable system.
KANSAS CONTESTED ELECTION.
SPEECH OF HON. W. S. DAMRELL,
of massachusetts,
Ik the House of Representatives,
March 18, 1856,
On the Resolution reported by the Committee of Elections
in the Contested-Election case from the Territory of
Kansas.
Mr. DAMRELL said:
Mr. Speaker : After this lengthy debate, it must
be apparent to every member of the House that
there nas been fraud and foreign interference in
