1856.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
203
want—what I think the Senate are entitled to,
and what I think these gentlemen are entitled to—
the opinion of the lawyers of this body upon this
question, that I ask that this single memorial may
be referred to the Committee on the Judiciary.
Before I take my seat, I beg leave to give notice
that on to-morrow,.or some subsequent day after
the two Houses shall be organized, I shall ask
.leave to introduce a bill to repeal the act " to
promote the efficiency .of the Navy," approved
February 28, 1855.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Bell, of
Tennessee, in the chair.) The question is on
the reference of the memorial to the Committee
on the Judiciary.
Mr, TOOMBS. Similar petitions and memo-
rials have heretofore been referred to the Com-
mittee on Naval Affairs, and I think this should
take the same direction. To send it to another
committee will be dividing the business unneces-
sarily. All similar memorials have been referred
to the Committee on Naval Affairs. If this shall
be referred to the Committee on the Judiciary,
two committees will have charge of the same
subject-matter.
Mr. HALE. Perhaps I can obviate that ob-
jection by proposing to refer this memorial to
the Committee on the Judiciary, with special in-
structions to report on the constitutionality of
the law. It seems to me that we have a right to
ask for their opinion uponthatquestion; I move,
therefore, that it be referred to the Committee on
the Judiciary, with instructions to report on the
constitutionality of the law.
Mr. ADAMS. I would suggest to the Senator
the propriety of reducing his instructions to
writing.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. That would
be the proper course to pursue.
Mr. HALE. Let the memorial lie on the table
for a fewmoments, and I will reduce my proposed
instructions to writing.
Mr. ADAMS. I desire to have the opinion
of the Committee on the Judiciary in relation to
one point particularly, and I wish to call the at-
tention of the Senator from New Hampshire to
that point. I should like to have the committee
report to the Senate whether the action of the
naval board is, oris not, void, for the want of
notice to the parties dismissed or retired.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
from Mississippi can move that proposition as
an amendment to the proposition offered by the
Senator from New Hampshire.
Mr. HALE. If the Chair will allow the memo-
rial to lie on the table for a few moments, I shall
presently reduce nw instructions to writing.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair will
pursue that course, if there be no objection.
Mr. ADAM S. I wish to say that I approve
to the fullest extent every word which fell from
the Senator fronfVirginia [Mr. Mason] in refer-
ence to this question.
Mr. BRODHEAD. Mr. President, as I had
the honor to introduce the memorial which initi-
ated this debate, and as I made a few remarks
upon it, I fear it may be inferred that 1, too, en-
gaged in casting some imputations on the naval
board, and in criticising their action. Many im-
putations have been cast on the motives of that
board, I engaged in no such criticism. If there
has been injustice done, I believe the responsibil-
ity rests upon Congress, and not upon the board.
The law originated in this body. Under that
law it became the duty of the Secretary of the
Navy to organize the board. The members of
that tribunal are high and honorable officers, and
would no doubt gladly have escaped service upon
the board. I think it does not become the mem-
bers of this body, therefore, to be shirking the
responsibility, and casting it upon the board.
I Mr. President, of the largo number of officers
h in our Navy, only forty-nine have been dropped.
X That is but a small number. It seems to me
that those who have been retained upon the i
leave of absence pay, or on the furlough list,
together with those who have been dropped,
have got up a great deal of feeling, and too much
high-stomached indignation in regard to this
transaction. Many public officers have hereto-
fore been retired, without having their characters
injured. Many who have spent the flower of
their days and the vigor of their manhood m
the public service in this body, have been
retired, and that, too, without pay. Was objec-
tion ever made to that?
Although I believe that, in the case which I
had the honor to bring to the notice of the Senate
this morning, the board erred, I have not en-
gaged in these sweeping charges against them.
I concur most fully with the Secretary of the
Navy in sustaining the motives of the board,
and m saying that, by its action, the Navy has
been materially benefited and reinvigorated; and
I furthermore believe, that in most cases in which
the board has acted it can fully sustain itself. I
think that its members should have a hearing,
when these imputations are made upon them.
Sir, if we repeal the law as suggested by the
Senatorfrom New Hampshire, how can we restore
to the Navy the officers who have been dropped >
We cannot compel the President to appoint them.
They are now out of the Navy as much as we are,
and he would have no more right to appoint them
than any other private citizen in the streets. The
repeal of the law, therefore, will not restore these
men. The naval retiring board may have com-
mitted errors; but when the Secretary of the Navy,
whose duty it is to supervise the Navy, and who
is at the head of that Department of the public
scrvice, informs the Congress of the United States
that, in Jas judgment, this is a wise law, and that
the decision of the board under it has been cor-
rect, I shall be careful to examine long before I
overrule that judgment.
Mr. BENJAMIN. Mr. President, this debate
has sprung up somewhat unexpectedly. Gentle-
men have prepared themselves with statistics and
arguments in opposition to the law which was
passed at the last session of Congress, and to the
action of the executive department upon that low.
For myself, I feel that there is great justice and
propriety in what fell from the honorable Senator
from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Biiodiieai),] that, if
wrong has been done, that wrone: is chargeable,
in a great measure, upon the Congress of the
United States; and as I voted for that law, and
would vote for it again, I think it but just to say
a very few words at this time, reserving a more
extended argument for an occasion which will
more properly admit of a full debate in the Senate.
I remember perfectly well, that when this law
was under discussion, my honorable friend from
Delaware [Mr. Bayard] mnde objection to its
passage in a spcech of great force and power, in
which hepro tested against the organization of any
boaid or tribunal which should act upon the char-
acter, the interests, or the prospects in life of pub-
lic officers, without giving them an opportunity
of hearing the charges made against them, or
of rebutting those charges by proof. Notwith-
standing the protest of that Senator by his able
argument, the bill passed into a law almost with
unparalleled unanimity m the Senate. That por-
tion of the law—that section of it which seems to
be most obnoxious—was, as we are informed by
the Secretary of the Navy, and as we all perfectly
well remember,''forced upon the law by an amend-
ment of the House of Representatives. 1 was not
indisposed to that amendment when it was offered,
felt no difficulty m giving my concurrence
aji^d felt
*\§ I1 thin
think, Mr. President, that there is a great
error lying at the foundation of all the strictures
that are cast upon this law. I think that the
gentleman from New Hampshire [Mr. Hale] is
greatly in error, when he assumes, as the basis
of his remarks and strictures upon this lav/, that
an officer in the public service of this Govern-
ment, whether in the Army or Navy, has a vested
life interest in his office. We all know that the
true constitutional theory is that which "makes the
duration of office determinable upon the pleasure
of the President. Tiiese officers do not hold their
offices during good bejiavior. They hold no office
fur life. They are in the service of their countiy
under an implied contract, I admit, that they
shall remain in that service so long as they can
efficiently perform their duties. Now, sir, in
passing this law, what did the Congiess of the
United States undertake to do? It undertook
simply to assist the Executive in the exercise of
his undoubted constitutional power of discharg-
ing from the rolls of the Navy such officers as
were inefficient for the performance of their duties.
However rigorous might have been the action of
Congress; however unjustifiable in point of lib-
erality and due consideration for ancient and
distinguished public services, no man can gainsay
the abstract right of the Government to discharge
any officcr in its service at any time when he
becomes inefficient to perform his duties, without
compensation and without further reward. 1 say
that the abstract right exists in the Government,
although I should never be found voting to exer-
cise it; and I believe no Senator within the sound
of my voice would ever pretend that it was just,
or proper, or becoming in the Congress of the
United^ States to pass any act which should
evince ingratitude for ancient and faithful public
services.
Now, sir, holding, as we did, an undoubted
right to maintain the efficiency of the Army and
Navy; bound as we were by every consideration
which should operate upon tjje mind of patriots,
to maintain that efficiency ns, above all other con-
siderations, the one which ought to guide us in
our legislation here; having received complaintsfl
time and again from every Secretary of the Navy J
who has held that office for the last quarter of a \
century; knowing as we did, as a matter of public '
notoriety, that the body of officers of the Navy
required purgation, if I may use that word; know-
ing that a largo number of the officers were unable,
inefficient, and incompetent, (whether from acci-
dent, from the visitations of Divine Providence, or
from their own fault or misconduct,) to perform
their public duties; were we to fold our arms,
and because we could not perform that duty in a
manner perfectly satisfactory to all, because we
could not attain that perfection which is beyond
any human limit, because we could not strike out
from the list of the officers of the Navy exactly
such men as ought to be stricken out, and leave
in exactly such men as ought to be retained, be-
cause there might be an error here to the prejudice
of one officer, and an error there to the prejudice
of another—was it our duty as public, faithful
servants to leave this great public wrong un-
remedied ? Were we not to do the best we could
under the circumstances? And what have we-
done? Analyze the law and sec what Congress
ordered the Executive to do in this matter. Was
it anything more than we were bound by our
public duty to do? What was the order of Con-
gress to the Executive? After having organized
the board, to require the board to make a carcfui
examination—into what, sir? "Into the efficiency
of the officers of the grades hereinafter mentioned,5'
into their efficiency to perform their duty to their
country. In what sense can gentlemen say that
this was a court appointed for the trial of men
for misconduct? In what sense can this board
be regarded as a tribunal before which charges
were to be brought, and by which condemnations
were to be sent out?
The President of the United States, indepen- \
dently of the action of this board, hnd'a perfect
right to drop an officer from the service. That "
right has been exercised before on more than one
occasion; bat the complaint^that was brought
before Congn ss, and the evil which it was known
throughout the country was necessary to be rem-
edied, resulted from the fact thet the Executive ,
had not exercised that prerogative as often as !
he should have done, and as the public service \
required. The predecessors of the present Pres- \
identhad again and again disregarded the reports
of courts-martial recommending the dismissal of
officers fioiii the public service ant'l many officers
who were inefficient remained in the service be-
cause they had sucoecded m engaging Executive
clemency in their behalf, through the intercession
of friends, or through the importunity of poli-
ticians. Presidents of the United States had exer-
cised their elemeii-v in regard to individual cases
to such an extent, that the number of officers
which it was required to dismiss from the Navy
was greater than it was proper Congress should
impose on the President the necessity of drop-
ping. The Senator from New Hampshire has
well stated that there has been no Executive of
the United States up to the present day who has
had the moral courage—1 do not believe General
Jackson himself would have had the moral cour-
age—to drop at one swoop two hundred officers
from the Navy list of the United States. The
storm of indignation which has arisen in the
minds of these officers and their friends,the feel-
ing which pervades some parts of the country,
arising from just such appeals as have been made
by the honorable-Senator from New Hampshire
