1856.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
mm
if the honorable Senator from Michigan will in-
form us how many of these improvements in that
bill of the last Congress, which was a general
system, are now abandoned, we shall be enabled
to judge how far that honorable Senator and those
who act with him on these bills conform to or
construe this resolution of the Cincinnati Con-
vention. I can conceive no difference on earth
between instituting a general system of improving
the rivers and the harbors or the lakes, whether
it is done in one general omnibus bill, or whether
each improvement is taken up piecemeal and
passed through Congress in a separate bill.
Now, Mr. President, I want to go on the rec-
ords of the country the facts exposed in the debate
that here, in the second instance, estimates by the
responsible officers of the Government have been
repudiated by the Committee on Commerce, and
a mandate given to the Secretary of War to ex-
pend $50,000 on this lake in Michigan without
any assurance in the world that the harbor can be
made for the money, or will be of the least ben-
efit if made at so apparently inadequate a sum. I
want my people to see how the public money is
expended in these rivers and harbors which we
are almost forbidden to discuss here.
Mr. President, we once had a Constitution.
Fuit Ilium—there was once a Troy. I do not
hear the Constitution adverted to on the floor of
either House, unless the reference comes from that
quarter of the country the people of which are in
a confessed minority in this Confederacy. I do
not find it expounded when it is adverted to, but
from that quarter. I find honorable gentlemen
getting up and saying there is the war power,
there is the commercial power, there is the author-
ity of General Jackson, there is the authority of
Mr. Calhoun; but I do not find them taking up
the Constitution and showing us in their judg-
ment what sanction there is m that instrument
for this expenditure of the public money we of
the minority say is unconstitutional.
Sir, there was a better day. This is the first
session of Congress, according to my recollection,
when an appropriation bill of this character,
expending money to improve harbors or rivers
within the States, has been passed against the
veto of the President of the United States; and
by whom has it been done ? It has been done by
the Senate, who claim, and rightfully claim, to
hold the legislation of this country in their power,
constituting the Democraticmajority—done under
the sanction (because they do not say it is in vio-
lation) of a formula prescribed by a Democratic
convention within the last month, on which we
are called to act as an exposition of the Constitu-
tion. I want my people to know how this matter
stands. We have no security but in the Consti-
tution. The Constitution was framed to secure
the rights of the minority. The Constitution
was framed to chain down the popular will, and
thereby to make that in substance, winch the
Constitution says shall be in form, a Republic—
not an unbridled, irresponsible Democracy. That
is the purpose of the Constitution—to chain down
the popular will, and to protcct the rights of the
minority against a mere popular vote. _ Where
do we stand now? Here is the second instance
where, in that most important branch of the Gov-
ernment—the expenditure of public money from
the Treasury, we are told to vote a sum utterly
inadequate for the object, if any reliance is to be
placed on the responsible officers of the Govern-
ment. We are told to vote it, without any assur-
ance, coming from any responsible quarter to
guide our judgment, that the expenditure will be
of the least value to the country, when made. We
are called upon to vote it, when we know the
earnest, the importunate, and sedulous manner
• in which these expenditures of money are not
simply asked, but imperiously demanded, by the
people in those quarters of the country where it
is to be expended, because it will inure to their
personal benefit—these jobbers and contractors,
and all that class who are to receive the money
when expended in that way.
We have an overflowing Treasury, and a great
misfortune it is to this country that we have an
overflowing Treasury. We could not have a
surer mode of depleting itf than by this utterly
irresponsible system of expenditure. _We pro-
pose, as I understand now, to appropriate about
83 ,000,000 st this session, ignorantly, as far as I
am concerned—ignorantly, because, when I look
to that source of information to which I am point-
ed by gentlemen who ask for this expenditure,
I find it will mislead, and not enlighten the judg-
ment. I find that the responsible officers of the
Government asked for $160,000 in one instance,
and you gave $50,000, and not only that, but re-
quired a work of some kind, without specifying
what—I mean as to plan. Then alongside of that
bill on the Calendar, is a bill to expend money in
the same State, in the same neighborhood, among
the same people—to appropriate $50,000 for a
work that the responsible officers of the country
estimate will cost $105,000.
If this sort of legislation is to go on under the
sanction of that party which holds dominion, I
want my people in the South to know where we
stand, for we pay the money. I do not mean to
say that we pay all; but I do mean to say, that
the producing States, the planters, pay more
largely in proportion to their means, to the com-
mon iisc, than any other class of population
on this continent. I want them to see how this
depletion will, of necessity, go on. Let the time
come, and I trust it may come, when the revenue
will be hardly adequate to the necessary econom-
ical wants of the Government, and you will find
propositions presented to contract loans in order
to carry out this system, and to bend the policy of
the country, and effect its industry, by tariff laws
to increase the Treasury for the purposes of these
lavish expenditures; and thus you will debauch
the public morals of this people, until you bring
them to the condition of the people of Rome
when they looked to their Government only for
bread and the games of the circus—panem et cir-
censes.
I say, sir, looking to these estimates—estimates
brought here by gentlemen who advocate these
bills—they are illusory and delusive. I do not
mean to say that they are meant for purposes of
deception—far from it—but X say that for all pur-
poses of public advantage they are perfectly use-
less. It may be that the engineers who are relied
upon—who are trusted in their art as scientific,
were deceived, and that the honorable Senator,
who is at the head of the Committee on Com-
merce, is right in his idea of engineering. That
is a possibility; but I am against voting the public
money on any such principles.
Sir, I say now, and I will make the declaration
good by my vote, that I cannot vote for any ex-
penditure of the public money for purposes of
this kind, because I believe it is not within the
pale of the Constitution; but if gentlemen will
bring in amendments to make their bills to con-
form to the estimates, I shall vote for those amend-
ments, so that I may at least let my people know
what money is to be expended, so far as they can
have any assurance of the amount necessary
from the estimates of the responsible officers of the
Government. Icannotdo otherwise than believe
that, if they take this $50,000 and expend it, in
the course of one or two years they will come
back and tell us the money is gone—the work is
not only unfinished, but worthless. It is against
this lavish expenditure that I ask to have every
one of these appropriations sifted and analyzed,
so that we may see what it is made of, and place
it on record, that the people of the country, at
least my people, may look to it, and see how the
public money in the Treasury, which they say is
unconstitutionally expended by this mode of ap-
propriation, is expended—the modus operandi.
Mr. TOOMBS. I have been listening with a
great deal of anxiety to hear some exposition of
the necessity for this improvement, but the com-
mittee seem to be content with the exposition
which we have already had, that they granted
all the petitions filed; and where the estimates did
not suit them, they allowed a member of the
committee to alter them to please himself. It is
a very convenient thing for gentlemen to get on
three or four committees, especially on commit-
tees having charge of finance, public lands, and
internal improvements. It gives great advantages
to a Senator's constituents, if he chooses to be a
little active. It can be done very easily in the
Senate, for people do not care much about these
things, and many of them are averse to labor; and
it is a very easy, safe, and convenient road to the
Treasury. _
It seems that he may file his estimate, and they
will take that, instead of the estimate of the reg-
! ular officers of the proper Department. The
Committee on Commerce, especially, seem ex-
tremely liberal to each other, and their own sec-
tions of the Union, fl-om the statement of my
friend from Alabama, [Mr. Clay.]
Ts this Democratic policy? ' This is* & good
time to investigate the policy of the Democratic
party; and I thank the Senator froth Virginia
[Mr. Mason] for doing it,' because we dufcht to
understand it. I have professci to be in alliance
with them; but if this be their policy ! am cer-i
tainly not with them on this question^ and feel
bound to warn the people against this'BOTt" of
Democracy. This is not the feast to which 1
was invited. ^ ;
Gentlemen are mistaken if they suppose" that
any other interest can make me jay tribute. 1
will pay millions for defense, but not a cent for
tribute. No other question can override with
me this principle, upon which the Republican
party have stood from 1789 to now. As for the
Black Republicans, under whatever name they
may have gone—under the various aliases which
they have assumed, from old Federalists until
now, they have always been ready to squander
public money. They have never stopped to in-
quire into its constitutionality. Their object was
to get as much into the Treasury as they could, by
unequal and unjust taxation, and then vote it out
on the same principles. They acknowledged no
restrictions, and shrank from no waste or profli-
gacy. The Senator from Louisiana [Mr. Ben-
jamin] is, I suppose, from his votes, one of that
class who acknowledges no restrictions but his
own will in voting money for the class of objects
now before us. I excuse him. He is acting in
conformity with his Federal opinions, which he
did not find it necessary to change in joining the
Democracy; but as for those gentlemen who
support his policy, and who have stood up as
the representatives of Democracy, I desire the
people of the country to say whether they are
Democrats or not—whether they have any claim
to republicanism or not? I do not. think they
have. They do not follow the fathers; and the
name of Democrat ought no longer to shield
them from the public condemnation that should
fall on every man and every party that gets
power under one pretense to use it for another.
Men who act together ought to agree upon car-
dinal principles, otherwise party degenerates
into a mere coalition.
The policy of Mr. Pierce's administration has
been approved by the very men who nominated
Mr. Buchanan — by the Democratic party, and
perhaps some of the gentlemen who now vote for
these bills were there. It is certain that their con-
stituents were represented there, and voted to ap-
prove Mr. Pierce's course, whi'ch was a condem-
nation of this policy. They applauded the policy
of Mr. Pierce; and opposition to this system has
been with him a great fundamental constitutional
idea. Did they mean it, or did they mean a
fraud ? Were they unable to agree, ana did they
determine to cheat the country ? I think not. 1
think the resolutions contain the true sentiments
of the Democratic masses, and were fairly and
honestly expressed.
It seems that the representatives of some por-
tions of the country have not filed their petitions
for these appropriations, and therefore did not
get them. From the beginning of this Govern-
ment the people have been divided upon its finan-
cial policy. A large party, found mostly in one
portion of the country, have endeavored to live
through and by means of the Government. This
party, under all names and phases, has struggled
from the first day of its existence until now to
get every particle of the industry of their section
protected by the Government. Then its repre-
sentatives come here and reproach the South.
They say to her: your slave States are poor—
that they are cursed by slavery. _ They have
been, from 1789 until now, endeavoring, by every
scheme of legislation, to transfer her wealth, the
fruits of honest industry, into their own pockets.
What branch of the industry of Massachusetts
is there that has not been protected, from 1789
until this day, by duties, by legislation shaped for
that purpose, and that purpose mainly? New
York, her Senator boasts, waves the wand oi
commerce, and everything is turned to gold.
Sir, if this were all the wand she waved, her pros-
perity would be a subject of unalloyed
to all of her confederates; but with her political
