1856.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
195
34th Cong....1st Sess.
Kansas Contested Election—Mr. DamreU.
Ho. of Reps.
when this election was to take place, and the only inform-
ation ther received upon the subject was through news-
papers published in the free States, which, of course, they
could not regard as absolutely reliable."
<• They could have derived information so precise as to
the time when the election was to take place from no one
but the Governor himself, or from some one authorized by
him to speak on the subject."
True; yet it is traveling too far to make an in-
sinuation upon Governor Reeder's conduct from
this fact, considering that it had the most extended
publicity.
As the honorable gentleman furnishes no evi-
dence of private information being given, we pre-
Bume he "guessed" at it. I must, therefore, use
my prerogative as a Yankee, and guess that the
people of the New England States, the poorest of
whom are in the habit of taking the papers, and
reading them too, derived their information from
this source, and, knowing this important fact, why
should not intelligent men, who were to be gov-
erned by the laws of Kansas, be on the ground
early and help to elect their rulers ? The gentle-
man said:
" I left St. Louis the 10th or 11th of March in that year,
and the boat upon which I went up the Missouri river was
literally crowded with passengers, nearly all of whom I
found to be personsfrom the free States, and traveling under
the patronage and auspices ofthe emigrant aid society. Many
of their trunks were labeled, as I noticed, with cards having
upon them the name of Thayer, the agent of the society at
St. Louis. 1 conversed with many of those persons on the
way up the river." * * * * " I asked them why
they had started out so eariy in the spring, while the weather
was so unpleasant. The answer generally was,, that they
desired to reach Kansas at the earliest possible moment, and
particularly to be there on the 30th day of March, for the
purpose, as they said, of voting for members of the Terri-
torial Legislature. Nearly all of the boats that went up the
Missouri river early that spring were crowded with passen-
gers from the free States, traveling under the auspices of
this emigrant aid society."
We admit the fact, and would inform the gen-
tleman that the boats will be still more densely
crowded this spring with honest, intelligent, de-
termined New England emigrants. What is there
treasonable in all this? These men were going
into a new Territory, to,remain under laws which
were to result from that election. It was natural
that they should want a voice in making those
laws. Again:
" The election took place on the 30th of March, 1855; and
it is a well known fact, susceptible of the clearest proof,
were it necessary, that hundreds of those emigrants, in less
than one week after the election was over, were seen re
turning, as they said, to their homes in the East on steam-
-boats and by land, saying that they had fulfilled their obli
gations to those under whose auspices they had gone there;
that they had seen the Territory; that they did not like the
appearance of it; and that they thought they could be much
more happy at their old homes in the East. In proof of the
assertion that these emigrants were mere adventurers, I
beg to state the fact, that there were not more than eight
or ten females to two or three hundred males in that emi-
gration, and that their traveling equipages consisted, in the
main, of hand-sacks and small trunks. Borne of them had
guns, and nearly all of them side-arms and other weapons
of offense and defense."
No doubt some who went out to settle were
disappointed at the hospitable reception of the civ-
ilized and refined Missourians, and, being faint-
hearted, turned their steps homeward. But to
suppose that such men were hired to go on a pil-
grimage of four thousand miles, on such a Tom-
fool's errand as simply to cast a vote, is monstrous
silly. I challenge the least, particle of evidence
to substantiate this charge, so often made. No
doubt some of those men, unaccompanied by
women, did return for the purpose of remov-
ing their families to their new home. Some of
them, I know, were of this class. A few, perhaps, i
were mere adventurers, who availed themselves !
of the reduced rates of fare to look at the country ;
with reference to investments and future business
transactions. But we come now to the most im-
portant part of the speech of the gentleman from
Missouri, in reference to the emigrant aid society.
" When the people on the western part of the State of Mis-
souri heard of these things, many of them went over into
the Territoiy for no purpose of violence, but rather to aid
in preserving the laws of the Territory and the purity of the
ballot-box.. But at the same time 1 will say, in all frank-
ness, that many of them went into the Territory determ-
ined to vote, if it was necessary, to prevent the effects
which would otherwise have resulted from this unusual
and extraordinary intermeddling with the local interests
and domestic institutions of that Territory by those who
had reached it under the auspices of the emigrant aid
society."
Here we have an admission in all frankness of
the/acf that many of the Missourians went over
into the Territory, not for purposes of violence,
but to preserve the purity of the ballot-hox, yet
with the fixed determination to vote illegally. Does
the gentleman wonder that there was difficulty in
Kansas at " such unusual and extraordinary inter-
meddling ioith the local interests and domestic insti-
tutions ofthe Territory?" The gentleman informs
us that " at the time of the passage of the Kansas-
Nebraska act, the people of Missouri were com-
paratively unconcerned in regard to the institu-
tions to be established in the Territory of Kan-
sas." No doubt! They probably supposed the
great distance presented an almost unsurmount-
able barrier to the freemen of the North.
" Seeing, as they did, an effort made on the part of these
associations in the East, and even by State Legislatures
chartering companies, as did the Legislature of Massachu-
setts, with a capital of $5,000,000, to send emigrants to that
Territory, to make it free, the people of Missouri were justly
indignant at so gross an interference with the affairs of
Kansas—an interference which was intended to operate
prejudidaHy to the institution of slavery in the State of
Missouri. They were then determined that they would
not stand quietly by and behold this incursion into the Ter-
ritory, and this interference in a way so extraordinary in
its character, and wholly without example in the history of
the country, and the natural effect of which must be to
injure them in their rights of property and in their general
welfare."
" The people of Missouri were indignant at
so gross an interference with the affairs of Kan-
sas"—an interference prejudicial to the interests
of Missouri. Who made Missouri the guardian
of Kansas Territory ? I admit it was prejudicial
to the peculiar institutions of Missouri, but not to
her true interests, to settle Kansas with freemen.
But where is the constitutional power to prevent
it ? Northern emigrants have never been sent to
the Territory to interfere directly with slavery in
-Missouri, but to establish freedom in Kansas.
Has not Massachusetts the same right to carry
free institutions into free territoiy that Missouri
has to establish in it her peculiar institutions?
Must every foot of land that borders on slave
territory be overshadowed by its deadly upas?
No ! in God's name, no ! not if by any lawful
means it can be avoided. " The Missourians
were determined they would not stand quietly
by and behold this interference." We would
inform the gentleman, the House, and the coun-
try, that the North, too, are determined—determ-
ined to send into Kansas her best men, with
strong arms and brave hearts, who Will fearlessly
rally round the standard of freedom and defend
their legal and constitutional rights. I trust the
gentleman, when next he addresses the House on
this subject, will inform us what is to be done to
prevent the emigration of men from the North to
Kansas, even though they should continue to be
guarded against swindling railroad agents, and
assisted to the lowest fares, and have hotels and j
saw-mills built for their accommodation by the
emigrant aid society ? We do not afck of Mis- |
souri permission to enter this new Territory.
The gentleman says his people have been :
denounced as " border ruffians," and that, to de-
termine the correctness of what is intended as an
opprobrious epithet, you have but to go through
that part of the State, to behold the widespread
fields, churches of every denomination, numerous
school-houses, the high state of civilization and
refinement, and then talk about the-people of Mis-
souri being "border ruffians." 1 think, from
the specimens sent into Kansas to secure the
purity of the ballot-box, Missouri was unfortun-
ate in her selection as to Christianity and refine-
ment, if we may judge from an extract or two
from letters of one of the leaders. I read from a
letter from F. P. Blair, Jr., to the editor of the
Missouri Democrat:
" The difference between Atchison and his accomplices
is the difference between the bold brigand and the skulking
assassin. He boldly avowed his object, and boasted of the
violence he used in its accomplishment; they concealed
their object, and deny that any violence was used. The
following extracts from a speech delivered by Mr. Atchison
on the 4tb day of February, 1856, at Platte City, will show
that he at least is free from the sin of insincerity, and that
he scorns the mean artifices and falsehoods resorted to by bis
accomplices. He says, speaking of the proposition to organ-
ize the Territory:
" ' But meetings were held, resolutions were passed, de-
• claring it was your wish to open that Territory, and I,
' being a true Democrat, promised to go for it on one condi-
' tion, and that was, the Missouri compromise, so-called—
' the Missouri restriction, properly called—be repealed. I
' addressed the people here in this court-house, at Park-
'ville, at Westport, in fact, all over the State, and told
' them that if the compromise was repealed, I would go for
' a bill to organize the Territory; and in a speech at tnde-
'pendence, that unless that restriction was repealed, I
' would see them damned before I would go for it. That
• was the English of it.'
" Speaking of the first election under the law of squatter
sovereignty, he says:
" ' Wlien the first election came off, I told you to go and
' vote. You did so, and beat them. We, our party in Kan-
' sas, nominated General Whitfield. They, the Abolition-
' ists, nominated Flenniken; not Flanegan—for Flanegan
' was a good, honest man—but Flenniken. Well, the next
' day after the election that same Flenniken, with three
'hundred of his voters, left the Territory, and have never
' returned—no, never returned.'
" Mr. Atchison might liave added that Brown, of Leaven-
worth, and some others, have also left the Territory, and
have never returned, and never will return. The hand of
violence has dismissed thein to that land 'from whose
bourn no traveler returns.' But Mr. Atchison proceeds thus:
" ' Well, what next ? Why, an election for members of
' the Legislature to organize the Territory must be held.
' What did I advise you to do then? Why, meet them on
' their own ground, and beat them at their own game again;
' and, cold and inclement as the weather was,! went over
I ' with a company of men. My object in going was not to
; 'vote. I had no right to vote, unless I had disfranchised
' myself in Missouri. I was not within two miles of a voting
' place. My object in going was not to vote, but to settle
' a difficulty between two of our candidates; and the Abo-
' litionists of the North said, and published it abroad, that
' Atchison was there with a bowie-knife and revolvers and, by
' God, 'twas true! I never did go into that Territory, I never
' intend to go into that Territory—without being prepared for
' all such kinds of cattle. Well, we beat them, and Governor
' fieeder gave certificates to a majority of all the members
'of both Houses.'"
Again, the gentleman from Missouri asserts:
" When Governor Reeder gets control of matters in Kan-
sas, then comes this flood of emigrants from the East, under
the auspices of these ' emigrant aid societiesof course, it
was for no other purpose than to control the approaching
election."
Again I deny the charge, and demand some
better evidence of the fact than mere assertion.
The gentleman asks:
" Would you. were you an inhabitant of Missouri, allow
J your rights to be invaded, your property to be depreciated
and rendered insecure, and your country to be flooded by
a class of men whose design was to perform acts and pass
laws which would materially affect your rights and inter-
ests ? and that, too, in a Territory in which you had the
same rights with them and everyportion of the country?"
What rights had Missouri in Kansas that were
invaded by emigrants who arrived there early in
the spring to avail themselves of the freeman 'a
right to vote for their rulers ? Are all the free
Territories to be doomed—ay, cursed by slavery,
because property in man is made less secure by
the establishment of free institutions in an adjoin-
ing Territory ? Forbid it, HeaVen!
Who flooded the country but those who had a
right there—men who were seeking a home for
themselves and their families in the free territory
of the country? What acts were designed by
them that they had not a right to perfect? What
laws were passed by them that were not for their
own government and protection ? We are told by
the gentleman that
" When the people of Missouri saw these proceedings oh
the part of these intermeddlers in the affairs of Kansas, and
in contravention of the principles of the Kansas-Nebraska
act, tlicy were aroused—I confess it, and confess it with no
"spirit of humiliation, but with pride, and to the honor of my
people—they were aroused to an indignation which knew
no bounds. They said : ' Let peace be upon our borders.
We will observe, if possible, the law; we are opposed to
the shedding of fraternal blood; but these people have come
with the declared determination that the Territory shall b«
-made free by this extraordinary organization, and if they
will vote against law, we will ask to be allowed the sain*
privilege, rather than the shedding of blood.' "
A frank confession—" not with humiliation,
but with pride,"—that the Missouri people were
aroused to an indignation that knew no bounds
at this intermeddling in the affairs of Kansas by
the honest, hard-handed yeomanry of the New
England States, who flocked to this free Terri-
tory to plant the free insitutions they loved so
well in the North.
What business had the people of Missouri to
interfere with the free and full exercise of the
rights of the people of the Territory ? Missouri-
ans, as Missourians, had no right to intermeddle
with Kansas affaii-s; and vet it is admitted they
did vote contrary to law. A good reason why gen-
tlemen are unwilling to send for persons and
papers. But
"This revolutionary party—this * free-State party,' aa
they are called—assembled at Lawrence, and fortified the
town, procured, or had, a supply of Sharpe's rifles, and-ar-
tillery, with the avowed purpose of resisting the regularly-
constituted authorities of the Territory. These acts were
committed by that party whose ruling spirit was Governor
Seeder.
