196
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[March 20,
34th Cong....1st Sess.
Kansas Contested Election—Mr. Brcnton.
Ho. of Reps.
"Well, sir, by these revolutionary proceedings, Gover-
nor Reeder was elected to Congress by a promiscuous as-
semblage of revolutionists."
If you believe this can be proved, why not
send for persons and papers?
The people of Missouri he says, have been
arraigned before this House and the country as
having gone into the Territory uncalled for. He
admits they did go there to help the Governor
maintain order. If they went to help the (gover-
nor maintain order, why did Governor Shannon
send them home and place himself under the pro-
tection of the " revolutionary party" of Lawrence,
as he calls them? It is alleged that aggressions
have been made upon the citizens of Kansas, by
armed men, hired ruffians from the poor-houses
and prisons of the North. .
Who have been murdered in cold blood in Kan-
sas? Free-Soil men! Whose printing-presses
have been broken up? Whose types destroyed.
The types and presses of free-State men.
But, Mr. Speaker, Massachusetts has been
arraigned before this House and the country as
setting at defiance the laws of the General y"°Y~
ernment; and the gentleman from Mississippi,
[Mr. Bennett,] the other day, paid particular at-
tention to her short-comings in duty to the Union.
Let me inform that gentleman, that the State he
represents will not be permitted " to cast the first
stone," without being reminded that Massachu-
setts has never repudiated her honest debts.
The gentleman from Alabama [Mr. Shorter]
has made an attempt, according to previous prom-
ise, to introduce resolutions to expel the Massa-   , ,  - —
chusetts delegation from the floor of this House, i any nianner to impair slavery; but, on the con-
because in her sovereignty, she passed the per- t.rary, it is bound to protect and maintain it," not
sonal liberty bill for the protection of her citizens otily "in theStateswhereitexists,"but "where-
 /%•#* *!" £  fn itlVA . • ,■* ft 1 *. • " J •
I for the purpose of submitting some remarks to
; committee. During that time a debate of no
ordinary character has engrossed the attention of
the House and the country; and I am satisfied
that this day is the most unfavorable one which
could be selected to obtain a calm and patient
hearing on any subject. Notwithstanding this,
I design to submit a few remarks, in reference to
some of the topics discussed by the President in
his annual message, and which is now before the
: committee.
The President, after a very brief "re1view of the
general state of the Union, including such par-
ticular concerns of the Federal Government" as
appeared to him most " desirable and useful to
bring to the notice of Congress," impliedly, at
least, assumes that the members of the present
Congress are in a state of ignorance as to the true
constitutional powers of the Government, and con-
sequently of their own powers. He, therefore,
proceeds to give them a very solemn and learned
lecture upon the subject; and labors especially to
enlighten them in reference to the original design
of the framers of the Constitution, the equality of
the States, and the end to be accomplished by the
formation of the General Government. And that
end, according to my reading and interpretation
of his language, was chiefly the extension, sup-
; port, and protection of the domestic institutions
> of one portion of the people of this Confederacy,
] by which they are distinguished from the other.
' Or, in the language of one of his most able sup-
porters, the message endeavors " to show that
Congress has no power to limit, restrain, or in
against the operations of the odious fugitive slave
law. I would suggest to the honorable gentleman,
first to offer a resolution to expunge the record of j
Massachusetts from the history of the country, j
and another to slide Bunker Hill and Lexington !
into the Atlantic. After passing these, and any
other resolution he may wish to introduce to the
consideration of this House, I am inclined to the
opinion that Massachusetts would " still live
But, Mr. Speaker, a more serious matter claims '
our attention. We have heard from the other
end of the Capitol that the lovers of freedom are
to be " subdued." Yes, the fiat has gone forth:
"You shall be subdued." Perhaps a few pre-
liminary efforts, by way of testing the honorable '1
fentleman's ability, might not come amiss. Can ,
e subdue an eruption of Vesuvius by capping it,
with cotton ? Can he bridge the Atlantic with
grains of rice ? Can he sweeten the Dead Sea
with sugar ? or stop the current of Niagara with '
tobacco leaves ? Then,I conjure him not to attempt
to subdue the freemen of the North when in the
pursuit of their lawful business under the Consti-
tution. They will not disobey the laws. They
are a law-abiding people. They have given evi-
dence of it in the return of the fugitives Sims and
Burns,from Boston. They even submittedtomar-
tial law. But if you attempt to wrest from them
their constitutional rights, you will not find them
passive. If you send an armed force to subdue
them by " crushing out" their love of freedom and
free institutions,you will arouse the sleeping lion.
And I warn yon now, when they stand before
the border ruffians of Missouri, or any other force
•that attempts to enslave them, or, contrary to
established Jaw, to wrest the government of that
now free Territory from actual settlers to give
it to the slave power—I say, when they are face
to face with their oppressors, and look back upon
their homes, their wives, and their little ones,
you must be prepared to annihilate, for you aan-
not subdue them.
KANSAS CONTESTED ELECTION.
SPEECH OF HON. S. BRENTON,
OP INDIANA,
In the House of Representatives,
March. 20,1856',
On the Resolution reported by the Committee of Elections
in the Contested-Election case from the Territory of
Kansas.
Mr. BRENTON said: Mr. Chairman, more than
two weeks have passed since I obtained the floor
ever its flag floats and its jurisdiction is para-
mount."
Mr. Chairman, to those of us who have been
accustomed to look upon the American flag as it
floats proudly over the plains of Lexington and
Concord, and on the heights of Bunker's Hill, or
over the hundred battle-fields of the West, and
who have been taught to believe that it proclaimed
death to the tyrant and liberty to the captive, it
is a strange and startling announcement to hear
it proclaimed in the very cradle of freedom, that
this banner is unfurled to the breeze to serve as
a guide to the despot, and as a pledge of protec-
tion to the oppressor of his brethren. Such a
sentiment I hold to be a libel on the memory of the
patriotic fathers of our glorious Republic.
Dismissing this subject, the President proceeds
to lecture us on the history and progress of slav-
ery; and notwithstanding the fact that he stands
pledged before the whole country to discounte-
nance and discourage all agitation of the slavery
question, "either in Congress or out of it," he
opens up the whole subject, from the foundation
of the Government to the present day, and at-
tempts to meet what he calls the "declamatory
charges of political agitators," by an appeal to
"the voice of history," and " the principles and
facts of the political organization of the new Ter-
ritories of the United States;" and thus becomes
the very chief of agitators.
There may be an excuse for this, found in the
fact that the '« presidential mansion" may be re-
garded as a kind of middle ground, or half-way
house, not being exactly " in Congress nor out of
it;" and therefore his pledges did not embrace
that locality.
In his attempts to discuss the constitutional
relations of slavery, I regret to find that the Pres-
ident, forgetful of the dignity of his position, has
shown an intimate acquaintance with all the catch-
words and cant phrases of the low demagogue:
and by their use attempts to excite prejudice
I against all those in every section of the country,
who contend for the principles of freedom con-
1 tained in the Declaration of Independence and the
i Constitution. They are held up to the world as
" sectional agitators,'' carried away by the " pas-
sionate rage of fanaticism," and impelled by a
" fanatical devotion to the interests of a few Afri-
an<l "the zeal of social propagandism."
Such language will no doubt give a popular relish
to hia arguments in some sections of the country
a t an??n& certain classes of his followers.
^ In this connection the President charges all the
citizens of the United States who hold a different
opinion, and reject his conclusions, with enmity
to the Constitution and laws of the country.
Upon this charge they arc arraigned, tried, and
convicted of offenses, which he asserts " would
be cause of war as between foreign Powers, and
only fail to be such in our system because per-
petrated under cover of the Union."
In behalf of my own constituents, I ask the
privilege of filing a bill of exceptions, and appeal
from this judgment to a luglier tribunal—the sov-
ereign power of the people, to be expressed through
the ballot-box.
Mr. Chairman, I design calling the attention of
the committee particularly to the position assumed
by the President in the following paragraph,
which is made the foundation of an extended ar-
gument, designed to prove that Congress has 110
power to prohibit slavery in the Territories. He
says:
"The ordinance for the government of the Territory
northwest of the river Ohio, had contained a provision
which prohibited the use of servile labor therein, subject to
the condition of the extradition of fugitives fibm service
due in any- other part of the United States. Subsequently
to the adoption of the Constitution, this provision eeasvii to
remain as a law ; for it-4 operation as such was absolutely
superseded by the Constitution."
This declaration, to say the least of it, pos-
sesses the character of novelty. lam aware that
some statesmen in former times entertained and
expressed doubts as to the binding forec of this
ordinance after the adoption of the Constitution,
for the reason that they suppose d some of its pro-
visions were inconsistent with the principles of
that instrument. But it is not within my recol-
lection at the present time that any of thum have
ever taken the ground that it " was absolutely
superseded by the Constitution," and therefore
void. In all the debates and discussions of
modern times, by the most able and renowned
statesmen of any age or country, I do not find
that any of them ever assumed such a position;
but, on the contrary, it has been maintained,
executed, and carried out in all its provisions.
Mr. Chairman, I ask the indulgence of the
committee while I briefly give my reasons for
disagreeing entirely with his Excellency, and of
presenting such proof as I may have at my com-
mand to show the incorrectness of his conclusion.
And I must be permitted to express a fear that,
in his zeal to serve a particular interest, to obtain
favor in a certain quarter, and to place in a false
position the largest portion of the people of this
country, he has either forgotten or overlooked
i the facts of history and the legislation of the
country. If the President is right, then the legis-
lation of the past has been and was wrong; the
j statesmen of the past, for more than fifty years,
, were guided by a false theory and an obsolete
ordinance; and a vast portion of the people of the
United States have been deluded, and continued
to live and act in ignorance of what is now claimed
to be their rights and privileges as citizens under
the Constitution. If the President is right, then
the citizens of the slaveholding States have been
cheated out of, and failed to avail themselves of,
the fairest opportunity ever afforded in the history
of this Government for the extension of their
"peculiarinstitution;" andtheirfailure,resulting
from an ignorance of the law of the land, has hap-
pily proved to be the salvation of the Northwest
Territory from the blighting curse ofhuman bond-
age. But for this ignorance the fairest portion
of this green earth—a vast extent of country
whose hills and dales, broad prairies and dense
forests, fertility of soil and salubrity of clime,
variegated scenery and natural advantages are not
surpassed, if equaled, by any other portion of
God's footstool—would to-day be cultivated by
" servile labor."
The President is not, however, without a mod-
ern precedent—especially if the dictum of one
man, high in authority and learned in the law,
can be regarded as a safe precedent. I find, in
the Washington Union of November 2,1855, the
following, purporting to be the opinion of the
present Attorney General on this subject. He
says:
" It has been adjudged, by a long series of decisions of
the Supreme Court, that the United States never held any
municipal sovereignty, jurisdiction, or right of soil in the
territory of which any of the new States are formed, except
for temporary purposes, namely: to execute the trusts cre-
ated by deeds of cession of Virginia, Massachusetts, Georgia,
