1856.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
933
mittee, and also a letter from Mr. Williams him-
self. If the gentleman from Tennessee insists
on a reference to a Committee of the Whole
House, I will not ask to have the bill put on its
passage.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I have great con-
fidence in the Secretary of State and in his recom-
mendation ; but I think this bill is one which ought
to go to a Committee of the Whole House. As
a general rule, I hold it is wrong to increase the
salary of any one while in office. All increase of
salary should be after the incumbent has gone out
of office.
Mr. MATTESON. Mr. Williams does not
hold the office. He declines to take it unless there
is an increase of salary as recommended by the
Secretary of State.
Mr. JONES. If Mr. Williams is not in office,
how is it that his name is connected with it?
Mr. MATTESON. It is not in the bill.
Mr. JONES. It is put on the ground that
Mr. Williams is eminently qualified to hold the
office; and this increase of salary is to secure his
services. I am opposed to fixing the compensa-
tion of any office with reference to any particular
individual's qualification; for he must go out
at some time, either by resignation, removal, or
death, and then another person may take the
office who, perhaps, has not the same qualifica-
tions.
Mr. MATTESON. As I said before, T have
110 objection to waive my motion if the gentlemen
on the other side insist on their objection to it. I
should like very well to have the bill put on its
passage, especially as we have the recommend-
ation of the Secretary of State to that effect. It
is very important that Mr. Williams's service
should be secured in this mission. I move that
the bill be referred to the Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union, and that the bill, with
the accompanying report, be printed.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. CRAIGE, from the Committee on Revo-
lutionary Pensions, moved that that committee be
discharged from the further consideration of the
petition of Abnor Maguirc, administrator of Mary
Maguire, and that it be referred to the Committee
on Revolutionary Claims; which motion was
agreed to.
Mr. PIKE, from the Committee on Invalid
Pensions, reported a bill for the relief of Mrs. A.
W. Angus, widow of the late Captain Samuel
Angus, United States Navy; which was read a
first and second time, referred to a Committee of
the Whole House, and, with the accompanying
report, ordered to be printed.
MESSAGE FROM THE SENATE MILITARY
ACADEMY BILL.
A message was received from the Senate, by
Asbury Dickins, its Secretary, notifying the
House that that body receded from its first and
insisted on its third amendment to the Military
Academy appropriation bill.
Mr. PHELPS. I move that the House insist
on its disagreement, and ask for a committee of
conference.
The motion was agreed to.
Messrs. Phelps, Sapp, and Davis of Mary-
land, were appointed managers of the conference
on the part of the House.
MRS. MARY E. TILLMAN.
Mr. OLIVER, of New York, from the Com-
mittee oil Invalid Pensions, reported a bill for the
relief of Mary E. Tillman; which was read a first
and second time by its title.
Mr. BROOKS. ' Mr. Speaker, I beg the indul-
gence of the House to make a few reinaiks ex-
planatoiy of the merits of this bill. The bill
itself is the unanimous report of the committee to
which was referred the petition of Mrs. Mary E.
Tillman, a resident of my district, who, when the
requisition was made oil the State of Soutli Car-
olina for troops for the Mexican war, gave to the
service of her country, every member of her
family at the time capable of bearing arms. They
were three high-toned, spirited sons, and the hus-
band of her bosom.
All went, but not one returned to dry a moth-
er's tears, with the story of the gallantry of her
soldier boys.
The bones of one now lie at Saltillo, another
fell at Jalapa, the father was buried beside the
castle walls of Perote, and the last reached the
goal, at once of his earthly career and of liis
youthful ambition, at the capital of Mexico.
With a strange and crushing fatality, about the
very time that this harvest of sorrow was ripen-
ing for this woman in a foreign land, her only
remaining son, in the discharge of duties which
he was too young to perform, and which were
devolved upon him in consequence of the absence
of his older brothers, by a fall from his horse
became the victim of confirmed paralysis. This
lady is thus left in the decline of life, with a help-
less child and an infant daughter, dependent upon
her personal exertions for their and her own
support.
This is the narrative of her petition, and upon
it she builds the hope that her country will re-
member her sacrifices, and requite her services.
By the laws of nature, and of regulated society,
the services of a minor are due to its parent; and
we, who are the Representatives of the country
which has been benefited by the exertions of the
children, ought not and will not forget the obli-
gation we owe the mother.
In support of the facts set forth in the peti-
tion, it is my misfortune to be witness in chief.
Those whom the petitioner gave to the service
of her country were my immediate neighbors
and friends. One of her sons volunteered in the
Alabama regiment, in the company commanded
by his uncle, Captain Gallman. Ihe father and
two other sons enrolled in my company and were
mustered into the service of the United States at
Charleston, and under my command.
Considerations of personal attachment might,
possibly did, influence them in joining the aimy.
But, sir, the love of our friends is after all but
another name for the love of our country; for he
who is incapble of tin1 first, will be surely found
recreant in the hour of his country's need.
The interest 1 take m the passage of this bill
for the relief of their widowed mother is but a
poor reflection of the friendship borne to myself
by her noble sons; but it constrains me to do
that for her which she will not do for herself.
She appeals not to your chaiity, but to your
magnanimity. I appeal to both. I come before
you beggmg for bread for the widow and the
fatherless. She comes in confidence and dignity,
as the Mother of thismndern Gracchi, and demands
that her name shall be inscribed in honor upon
the statutes of her country.
The pittance of eight dollars per month, which
is all that is granted by the bill, is less coveted
by this lady than the official and recorded acknowl-
edgment of her service to the State; and yet, sir,
because a few dollars are involved—a sum less
than a single hundred for an entire year—appre-
hension is expressed lest the precedent may prove
dangerous in the future.
Never since this Government was established
has a claim identical with the peculiar circum-
stances of this been presented to the consideration
of Congress, in all human probability another
like it will never be presented, and if it should be,
then those of us who admire the example of this
mother—those of us who, in our country's ex-
tremity, would hold up her heroism as a prece-
dent for every American mother to follow, will
but obey an honorable instinct, and subserve the
best interests of our respective constituents, when
we follow the precedent, which I trust is this day
to be established.
Mr. Speaker, there is a golden mean even ill
virtue itself. Prudence may be pushed so far as
to partake of the infirmities of fear, and constitu-
tional construction m regard to the disbursement
of public moneys may become so rigid as to pre-
judice public virtue by its imitation of the mean-
; ness of avaiace.
| It would be difficult to point out the line, or the
section, or the article of the Constitution which
j authorizes the purchase of the paintings which
| embellish this Capitol; but, sir, public contempt
i would wither the wretch who, by his vote, would
j convert into filthy lucre that portrait of the savior
1 of his country, [pointing to the portrait of Wash-
ington,] or that of him, his chosen disciple,
[pointing to the portrait of La Fayette.]
Money, sir, is neither the wealth or strength
of a State. Virtue, genius, knowledge, courage,
patriotism! these are its treasures, compared
with which, in their influence upon popular senti-
ment, gold,—gold is even worse than dross.
" 111 fares the land, to hastening ills a prey,
Where wealth accumulates and men decay."
Three centuries ago, when border feuds were
common, a maiden born on the shore of'Lake
Constance had gone to seek her fortune in Swit-
zerland, and learning by accident, in the family
in which she was domesticated, that an assault
was intended upon her native village, under the
cover of night she took a horse and swam the
current of the Rhine, and by her timely warning
saved her birth-place and people from sack and
slaughter. An equestrian monument was erected
to her honor, but her heroism is to this day com-
memorated by a memorial more touching. Each
night as the watchman goes his round, when the
hour of midnight arrives, he calls aloud the name
of her who, three hundred years before, awoke
the sleeping inhabitants and rescued them from
danger. The historian appropriately says, that
the fame and memory of that girl has given a tone
and spirit to the youth of that little town, which
is worth in its defense a battalion of armed men.
I but repeat the story; it is for the gentlemen of
the House to make the application.
It is proper that I should state that the petitioner
has already received the bounty of the Govern-
ment; but these allowances cease on the 4th of
March next, when, unless this bill passes, she
will be thrown upon the cold charities of the
world. I have stated her case "with as much
brevity as a full understanding of her claim would
permit, and I now appeal to every gentleman who
hears me, to yield to the generous impulses which
now swell their bosoms, to unite with me in pass-
ing this bill with a unanimity which will be as
honorable to them as it will be gratifying to the
petitioner.
The claim is so just, so peculiar, that I regard
tho'passage of the bill but as a matter of form,
and I therefore ask for its third reading, with a
view to its immediate passage.
Mr. MACE. I have examined this bill, and
it simply proposes to pay to this lady eight dol-
lars a month. After the statement made by the
gentleman from South Carolina, I am willing that
relief should be granted, and as the amount in the
bill is small, I move that the word " eight" be
stricken out, and that the word " fifty" be inserted
in lieu thereof.
Mr. G1DDINGS. It is not in consonance
with my feelings to oppose the passage of this
bill.
Mr. MACE. I ask the gentleman from Ohio
to yield to me a moment, that I may modify my
amendment.
Mr. GIDD1NGS. I yield simply for that pur-
pose.
Mr. MACE. At the suggestion of many mem-
bers, 1 will modify my amendment so as to make
the pension twenty dollars a month.
Mr. GIDDINGS. I feel disposed, on the
present occasion, rather than oppose the passage
of this bill, to remind our friends here of the im-
portant subject which was before us yesterday,
and which will be before us again to-day. At the
time this war was declared, in which this mother
was rendered childless, I was present here. I
foresaw the hearts which would be pained and tor-
tured, and made to bleed, in consequence of it.
She comes here pleading the loss of her children;
but eighty thousand other mothers, whose chil-
dren were as dear and precious to them as were
these to their mother, fell m that war, and three
hundred thousand hearts were made to mourn the
loss of dear friends. Yet, sir, with these facts
before us—for no statesman could have failed to
see them—only fourteen members of this House
were unwilling to enter upon that war. Sir, op-
position to it was made a hissing and a by-word.
Notwithstanding the dreadful, the unutterable,
andthe fearful pain which it was known would
be inflicted upon the people of this country and of
Mexico, these sons volunteered to go to a foreign
country to strike down their fellow men, but
they themselves were struck down.
Mr. MuMULLIN. I rise to a question of
order. The bill before the House is a bill grant-
ing a pension to a certain lady of South Carolina,
and the member from Ohio is discussing the Mexi-
can war, and that is not relevant to the matter
under consideration.
The SPEAKER. In the opinion of the Chair
the gentleman from Ohio is in order. The prop-
osition is to grant a pension for services in the
