934
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 16,
Mexican war, and it is certainly in order for the
gentleman from Ohio to allude to it, so far as he
as done at present.
Mr. McMULLIN. But not to discuss the
merits of the war.
Mr, SAPP. It never had any.
Mr. G1DDINGS. It grieves me to inflict pain
upon my friend from Virginia. Of all men living,
he is the last one whose feelings I would injure.
But, Mr. Speaker, I wish to impress upon this
House, what has been urged here for fifteen years
—a change of our policy so as to avoid war—so
that when we have national difficulties to settle
we will arbitrate them as an honorable people and
an honorable Government should do, without
shedding blood, and without inflicting pain upon
mothers, or children, or friends, or such vast
expense to the people.
I know the pain this widow must suffer. I
know the sorrow she must bear. I have myself
seen my friend s struck down in battle, and I have
seen the wife made a widow, and her children
fatherless; and far be it from me to pain any friend
of these fallen men by alluding to the circum-
stances under which they fell. Yet the fact is
before us, that these sons went to a foreign coun-
try, and for what? Why, sir, to engage in the
horrors of war, to murder their fellow-men, not
because they had done us any injury, not because
the people of Mexico had in any manner offended
us, not oecause they had detracted from our hap-
piness or interest, but for the purpose, which had
Deen often avowed, to extend the institution of
slavery into Mexico.
Sir, I only rise to renew the intimation which
I made yesterday, that it is time for the people of
this nation to reform the policy of their Govern-
ment, to seek a course of peace and national
arbitration, to disband their Army, lay by the
most of their Navy, and pursue a course which
shall save the nation from the flood of expendi-
ture, extravagance, and corruption which are
sweeping over it, save our people from the suffer-
ing to which human nature is exposed in conse-
quence of war, and prevent such a state of suf-
fering as that to which the gentleman from South
Carolina has alluded in such eloquent terms. I
have 110 objection to the amendment of the gen-
tleman from Indiana as modified.
Mr. ORR. The amendment that has been
suggested by the gentleman from Indiana ema-
nates, I have no doubt, from himself, and from
the generosity of his nature, responding to this
application. It is for the House to determine
whether they will adopt the amendment suggested
by him of giving twenty dollars per month, or
will fall back upon the original report. The
House can take its choice. I think this lady is
entitled to some relief at the hands of this House,
she having given to the service of the country
her husband and three of her sons. 1 demand
the previous question on the engrossment and
third reading of the bill.
Mr. KEffNETT. I would inquire what pen-
sion the committee recommends?
Mr. ORK. Eight dollars per month.
Mr. MATTESON. I ask that the report may
be read.
The SPEAKER. The Chair is informed there
is no report.
Mr. BROOKS. The committee have reported
by bill, and reported unanimously.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered.
The first question being on Mr. Mace's amend-
ment, it was agreed to.
The bill was then ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time.
_ Mr. BROOKS. I ask for the previous ques-
tion on the passage of the bill.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ox-dered; and under the operation
of the previous question the bill was passed.
Mr. BROOKS moved to reconsider the vote by
which the bill was passed, and also moved to lay
the motion to reconsider on the table; which lat-
ter motion was agreed to.
MRS. L. BROWNING.
Mr. OLIVER, of New York, from the Com-
mittee on Invalid Pensions, reported a bill for the
relief of Mrs. L. Browning; which was read a
first and second time.
Mr. OLIVER. I ask to have the bill consid-
ered now, and put upon its passage.
The bill was read. It directs the Secretary of
the Interior to continue to Mrs. Lewright Brown-
ing, widow of the late Lieutenant Robert L.
Browning, of the United States Navy, the half-
pay of her deceased husband for the further term
of live years after the expiration of the time for
which she now enjoys half-pay by act of Con-
gress of 1850.
The report was read.
The bill was then ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read a third time and passed.
Mr. OLIVER, from the same committee, also
reported the following bills; which were severally
read a first and second time, referred to the Com-
mittee of the Whole House, and ordered to be
printed:
A bill for the relief of Betsey Nash;
A bill for the relief of Edmund Mitchell; and
A bill for the relief of Evelina Porter, widow
of the late Commodore David Porter, United
States Navy.
CUMBERLAND ROAD.
Mr. KNOX, from the Committee on Roads and
Canals, reported haclc House bill (No. 121) to
surrender to the State of Illinois the Cumber-
land road in said State.
Mr. K. said: I ask the indulgence of the House
to state, briefly, the character of that bill. I will
say that bills precisely like the one under consid-
eration have been passed, surrendering to the
States of Indiana and Ohio the portions of the
Cumberland road lying within the limits of those
States; and a bill like this,in reference to Illinois,
passed this House at the last session of Con-
gress, but, by some accident, it did not find its
way into the Senate.
Mr. ORR. I ask the gentleman from Illinois
if the bill contains no other provision except for
the surrender of the Cumberland road?
Mr. KNOX. It contains no other provision.
The bill was read through by the Clerk.
Mr. RITCHIE. I desire to state that I report-
ed from the Committee on Roads and Canals,
during the last session of Congress, a bill pre-
cisely like the one before us, and it passed this
House, but, for some reason, was not acted upon
in the Senate. Similar bills have been passed for
the benefit of the States of Ohio and Indiana, and
I presume there will be no objection to this. I
move the previous question upon the third read-
ing of the bill.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered to be put.
The bill was then ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time; and, being engrossed, was
accordingly read the third time and passed.
THE KANE EXPEDITION.
Mr. TYSON, from the Committee on the Li-
brary, made the following report; which was
read by the Clerk:
The Committee on the Library, to whom were referred
the preamble and lesolution adopted by the House on the
11th day of Maich, submit the following report:
The preamble expresses the high sense entertained by the
House of Representatives of the services performed by l)r.
Kane during his late search after Sir John Franklin, in the
Arctic regions. The resolution liistiucts the committee to
inquire into the character of Jus Jortiicoming work on this
expedition, as to letter-piess, illustrations, and binding, and
to report their opinion ol the expediency of ordering a cer-
tain numbei of copies for ujc and dintribution.
The committee deem it due to the occasion to state, that,
though the exploring brig sailed under orders from the Navy
Depaitment, very little public aid was contubuted by this
Government The sea btorcs, a limited hbraiy, and ten of
the eighteen persons who composed the whole company,
were furnished by the Navy Department. The undertaking
is indebted for the vessel and the wages of the puvate men
to the munificence of Mr. Gnnnell, of Now York, and of
Mr. George Peabody, our countryman, at London. Two
learned societies, one of Philadelphia, and the other of New
York, placed in the hands of Dr. Kane some of the most
approved scientific instruments of modern times; and the
enthusiastic explorer himself became responsible for, and
actually paid out of Ins puvate funds, 110 inconsiderable
sum towards various incidental expenses. This voyage,
therefore, which has conferred large benefits upon science,
and high honor upon the American name, deuved less as-
sistance from Government than from the voluntary offerings
of private liberality.
The learned men who accompanied Napoleon to Egypt,
and the results ot their labors, gild the car of the conqueror
beyond even his military exploits. This country acquired,
deserved credit in the scientific world for the liberal spirit
which dictated the South sea explorations, under Captain
Wilkes. Thoughitcostmuch,itbioughtback, among many
other valuable contributions to knowledge, the great fact of
an Antarctic continent. Captain Wilkes's achievements
lay in the south; those of Dr. Kane in the frozen regions
of the north. By the noble fruits of these voyages to oppo-
site points of the globe, our country takes rank at once
among the learned nations of Europe in the high depait-
ments of distant scientific discovery. Without a tithe of
the expense which attended the southern expedition, the
explorations north have led to prodigies the most remarkable
and wonderful. With untold suffering, and at the risk of
death from cold and famine, the intrepid navigator was for
nearly two years within the Arctic cncle, intent only upon
pi o&ecuting his search and adding to the stores of geograph-
ical knowledge. It was beyond this, in the depths of the
frigid zone, far north of the regions of perennial winter and
of eternal ice and snow, that he observed the prodigy of a
flowing channel and an open Polar sea. This may be
regarded as one of the most remaikable discoveries which
the history of scientific adventure has recorded from the
beginning of time.
The fact of an increased temperature in that region,
winch, from its high northern latitude, had been considered
a hopeless blank in the map of the world, is of the deepest
interest to science.
Incredible almost as this factmav appear, it is not incon-
sistent with our previous knowledge, nor with the scien-
tific theories ot ingenious men. In tracing lines of equal
temperature round the globe in regions which are known,
we ascertain that the common center does not coincide
with the geometrical pole. Hence it is concluded, that tho
coldest portion of the earth's surface is not at the ninetieth
degree of north latitude, and that the explorer, after reach-
ing a certain point in the frigid zone, would be actually
passing into a warmer temperature. For various reasons,
which lie assigns, our distinguished countryman, Lieutenant
Maury, of the Naval Obsei vatory, ventured to express bis
conviction, in a letter, dated July, 1850, that an open sect
would be found to exist near theregionot the Parry Islands.
It was reserved for Dr. Kane to confirm this bold specula-
tion by establishing the truth of the actual existence of an
iccless Polar sea, further east, and in a more northern lati-
tude.
But the work of the expedition does not stop here. What
it actually did may be seen from the words ol Dr. Kane, in
his report to the Secretary of the Navy. He thus notes the
points of his operations m a buef and comprehensive sum-
raaiy:
"1. The survey and delineation of the north coast of
Greenland, to its termination by a great glacier.
"2. The survey of this glacial mass and its extension
northward, into the new land named Washington,
" 3. The discovery of a large channel to the northwest,
free from ice, and leading into an open and expanding area
equally free. The whole embracesamcelebs area of 4,200
miles.
" 4. The discovery and delineation of a large tract ofland,
forming the extension northward of the American conti-
nent.
"5. The completed survey of the American coast to the
south and west, as far as Cape Sabine, thus connecting our
survey with the last determined position of Captain Ingle-
field, and completing the circuit of the straits and bay here-
tofore known at their southernmost opening as Smith's
Sound."
Scientific men and learned societies, at home and abroad,
justly regard these results as marvellous achievements.
The national character, therefore, would be involved if we
declined to aid a publication which promrses to give to the
world, in detail, the brilliant fruits of a public enterprise,
conceived 111 a disposition at once philanthropic and scien-
tific. The committee will be glad to see reflected in this
House a spirit similar to the noble impulses and gcneious
sympathies, both public and private, 111 which the expedition
originated.
^ince the year 1616, when Baffin discovered the vast bay
which perpetuates his name, the success of English navi-
gators had not been remarkable in Arctic discovery. Parry
and Franklin have indeed earned for themselves a world-
wide renown ; but Captain Inglefield, of the Royal Navy,
who immediately preceded our navigator, went only so far
north as Cape Sabine, at which point Dr. Kane commenced
his suiveys east and north of the American coast.
The English Government has spent immense sums in
these expeditions. In the inteival between 1818 and 1848,
it has expended three millions of dollars. The English pub-
lications, during the present century, number nearly fifty
on Atctic explorations, ft may be added, and m no unkind
or detracting spirit, that with all this expense and labor
nothing has been done by English explorers which can be
compared, m practical scientific interest, with the magnifi-
cent results of this Ameiican voyage in search of their ilius-
tnous and lamented countryman.
Di. Kane drew up for the Navy Department, soon after
hi? return, a statement of the general labors of his enter-
prise. It is to be followed by a further report to the Sec-
retary, accompanied by elaborate tables, and such verbal
descnptions as may be necessary to explain ihem. The
forthcoming work is a personal narrative of himself and his
associates. It is intended to embrace all the facts which
they proved, as well as the eventful circumstances of their
perilous journey, by land and water, over snow and ice,
and amid the rigors and darkness, the disease and want,
of the Polar winters. The committee believe that the cir-
culation of such a book, in the language of the resolution
referred to them, would tend "fo stimulate the spirit of
scientific research among our countrymen." They, there-
fore, recommend the purchase of a certain number of copies
for use and distribution. Specimens of the letter-prees and
illustrations were laid before the committee. A highly re-
spectable book-selling fiim in Philadelphia have undertaken
to publish it. The book will be contained in two octavo
volumes, occupying together nine hundred pages. The pres3
work isto be of the best description, and the binding of
superior cloth, embossed. In paper and typography the
committee have no doubt that it will be equal to anything
ever produced in the United States. The illustrations will
consist of three finely-engraved maps, three hundred elec-
trotype cuts, and twenty-two finely-engraved steel plates.
The specimens which have been exhibited to the committee
