1808
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 28.
Mr. PUGH. I do not wish to engage ft this
discussion of the constitutional question. I have
avoided it for two or three days; but I shall en-
deavor, on some opportunity when I can speak
without interfering with the passage of these hills,
to answer the propositions of the Senator from
Georgia, and his allies; but i wish to say one
word to him and the Senator from Virginia, [Mr.
Mason.] We have had several lectures read
here to-day and heretofore, as if certain gentle-
men thought they were the anointed priests of
the Democratic party, to preach the faith toother
Senators and to excommunicate us with bell,
book, and candle, if we do not submit to their
views of this question. Sir, my constituents un-
derstand the Democratic platform as 1 understand
it, and as I have always understood it; and when-
ever the Senator from Virginia, or any other, is
authorized by the party to turn me and my con-
stituents out for our opinions upon this question,
I am ready to go, and I have no favors to ask—
none whatever. If the Senator, or any of the
rest of them, think it to their advantage to require
of us that we should adopt their construction at
the sacrifice of our own judgments and our own
convictions, it will be impossible for them and lis
to remain together. We have got along very
well heretofore, 1 do not pretend—I would scorn
to make the pretense—that for my part 1 have
sacrificed anything for the sake of remaining m
the Democratic party. Its platform expresses my
opinions, not merely now, but as 1 have always
entertained them. But, sir, I do not admit the
right of Senators from any particular State or
quarter of the Confederacy to adopt a particular
meaning, and upon the faith of that to turn the
rest of us out of the party. There might be a
question of who was the majority of the party in
that case, and 'perhaps a pretty serious question,
in view of the votes which have been given m the
Senate.
Now, one word more upon another matter.
The Senator from Georgia has assorted that the
expenditures made m the State of Ohio for the
purposes of internal improvement were $2,600,000.
X trust i have the figures now.
Mr. TOOMBS. You have the figured.
Mr. PUGH. I ask the Senator' again, where
has the money been spent? Wc have here on
this Calendar all the harbors that have ever been
made in Ohio. There is no proposition for a
new one. They are simply bills introduced by
my colleague to repair injuries to the works
heretofore constructed. There is not a new one.
They arc all here, and where has the Govern-
ment spent $2,500,000 in Ohio?
Why, sir, a few we 'ks ngo I saw a statement
in the hands of another Senator to demonstrate
that there had been given to the State of Ohio
untold millions of public land. When I assured
him that it was altogether a jmstake, he under-
took to show it to me; and, sir—would you
believe it?—a Commissioner of the General Land
Office—not ihe present one, but one of his prede-
cessors—had absolutely set down as grants of
public land to the State of Ohio, the whole Vir-
ginia military district, the Cleve Symmes pur-
chase, the United States military district, and the
Connecticut western reserve. All these were set
down as donations of public lands to the State of
Ohio.
Sir, what did we ever get? I can teli yon. By
a treaty made with the Aiaumee tribe of Indians
—I think that was the tribe—the Government,
covenanted to construct a public road from the i
western hue of the western reserve to the Rlau-'
mee river, and took from the Indians under that
treaty several sections of land, the proceed*; to
be applied to the making of the road. It is a
very short road, and instead of making it them-
selves, the Government turned the duty over
upon us, and we made the road, and it cost us
twice as much as the land, and yet we were com-
pelled to stipulate that we never would tax the
stages which cariied the mails or the property of
the United States. The tolls on them alone would |
have paid the whole value of the land which they j
thus look. |
I come nexjt to the Cumberland road. What,
was that? When the United States "admitted!
Ohio into the Union, they exacted, asa condition,
t|iat she should not tax the public domain, and at
that time nine tenths of the landed property of
the State waa in the hands of the Government.
The few individuals who went out there were
compelled to pay high prices for the land, and
were going on year after year paying taxes; but
you exacted from us likewise the provision that
we should not tax the lands in the hands of the
Government purchaser fof five years after the
purcha.se. You interfered with our po^er of
raising revenue. You tied us hand and foot when
we were a helpless member of the Confederacy.
For the sake of the purchaser of the public land
you prevented us from raising our revenue; and
what did you promise in return for that ? That
three per cent, of the net proceeds of the sales
of public lands in Ohio should be appropriated to
making roads; and you began the Cumberland
road and never finished it, and have not paid the
three per cent, to this day, though you have paid
a part of it. What else? I stated the other day,
that an appropriation was made of the alternate
sections along the Miami and Erie canal from
Dayton to Toledo. Did we make the canal with
that land? No; this very year, if you will pay
us what would be the taxes on it since the day
you gave it to us, you shall have it. We paid it
by taxation. We made the canal. We are pay-
ing to-day the interest, and taking up the princi-
pal of that debt, and meanwhile we have appre-
ciated the value of the property of the Govern-
ment more than two hundred per cent.
Now, sir, if Senators think it is unconstitu-
tional to make these appropriations, they are at
liberty to argue that question. I shall not argue
it now, because I wish these bills to pass. I
shall argue it at some future time, when it is
appropriate; but I think I have a right to say to
the Senator from Georgia, that he has gone too
far m the heat of discussion in imputing motives
like these. When has the Senator ever heard
from my hps such a statement as that the south-
ern States should not have any benefits under
this Government5 that they should have no por-
tion of the common territory? that they should
be excluded ?
Mr. TOOMBS. None from you.
Mr. PUGH. Nothing of the sort; and I beg
leave to remind the Senator, in all friendship,
that the greater part of his speech was addressed
to me, and others like me, who think at least
that we have suffered something for undertaking
to maintain the equal rights of the southern
States in this Union.
Now, allow me to say a word about the Savan-
nah river, and I shall take my seat. The Sen-
ator from Georgia asserted, as I understood him,
that the State of Georgia had never asked for a
dollar of the public money. I desire to know if
the bill for the improvement of the Savannah
river, appropriating, I think, $100,000 — more
money than is appropriated by this bill for the
Ohio river above the falls, and, I believe, more
than for the Ohio river along its whole extent,
from Pittsburg to its niouth—was not asked for?
Mr. TOOM BS. It seems that the Senator did
not hear me distinctly. I corrected him before
on that point. I said I had been eleven years in
Congress, and through me no such demand was
ever made. There were the cases which I have
enumerated in reference to the Indians. There
has been $400,000 given to clear out these wrecks,
I admit.
Mr. PUGH. Of what consequence is it,
whether the appropriation is asked through one
Senator or another ? The State of Ohio does not
ask any appropriation through rne, I might say,
for my colleague brought in the bills. The State
of South Carolina do<_'s not ask any appropriation
through her Senator; but the Senator from Ten-
nessee [Mr. Bell] brings in a bill for her benefit,
clearing out the harbor of Charleston.
Mr. BUTLER. Nobody knows that u is for
her benefit.
Mr. PUGH. If I am mistaken, I beg to be
corrected. I think the honorable Senator himself
stated on a former occasion that he suggested it
to the Senator from Tennessee that that bill migfit
be brought in. Now, take up this Calendar.
Where are oil these States? We passed a bill
out of its order for the State of Delaware. There
are two or three more. Here is a bill for the
State of North Carolina, and the bill for the
Savannah river, passed sab silentio. We heard j
no constitutional question then—no yeas and nays i
called. I believe there is a bill in the other branch I
of Congress to improve the harbor of Mobile, in |
the State of Alabama. Whether it will ever reach
here I do not know. Here is a bill for Charleston
harbor. And yet it is said these are partial
appropriations, that we are attempting to drive
certain States. There is a bill for the improve-
ment of a harbor in the State of Florida on the
Calendar. While this is the case, whole volumes
of denunciation are hurled at the heads of Sen-
ators from the northwestern States, especially
those who belong to the Democratic party.
I said before* and I repeat it now, notwith-
standing the Senator from Georgia's objection to
generality, that the acts of God and the public
enemy stand on the same foundation. They are
excepted out of all policies of insurance together;
they are excepted out of all bills of lading; and
whenever the Senator can show me the power in
the Constitution to take up five or six hulks that
were put there by the British garrison of Savan-
nah to keep out the French fleet, I will show him
the power to lake out a rock which has been put
there by the hand of nature. The Savannah river
appropriation went through both Houses of Con-
gress at the last session, on the pretense that these
hulks were sunk by the American Government
during the Revolution. It now turns out that
they were not sunk by the American Government.
There was a poor little sloop sunk there by the
American forces, but so small that its very exist-
ence seemed to have disappeared; and nobody-
could tell where it was. It did not obstruct navi-
gation, for it did not keep out the French fleet;
and in order to keep out the French fleet, the
British garrison sunk, I think, six vessels—three
certainly—and the names and their size, I think,
are given in the history of the times. It is to
remove these hulks that Congress made the ap-
propriation last year.
Now, as to the bill which we passed the other
day. I say it appropriated money. The Secre-
tary of War was at least consistent in his strict
construction. I*Ie held you to the Jaw. He said
you had got an appropriation of $100,000 to re-
move the hulks, and he declared that you might
remove the hulks, but you should not remove the
i bars which the hulks had made; so that,after the
I hulks were taken, there remained a large resi-
due, perhaps $.1)0,000, of the appropriation unex-
pended.
Mr. MASON. I think it is due to the Secre-
tary to state that he said that the appropriation
was in its terms to remove the hulks, and the
law did not authorize the removal of the bars.
Mr. PUGH. So I say; but I am coming to
the question. What does the bill of last Thursday
mean? You had had $10,000 spent to remove
the hulks;butyou had notgot what you wanted.
You wanted the bars removed, and you brought
in a bill which has now passed both Houses of
Congress, to give you the benefit of the sum
which you did not get under Mr. Davis's con-
struction. If that is not a bill to appropriate
money to remove obstructions to the navigation
of the Savannah river, I confess I do not under-
stand it.
I am sorry that I have been compelled to rise
up and say these things. I have not done it from
any disposition to provoke controversy with Sen-
ators of the South. It is time for them to under-
stand, perhaps, that there are more glass windows
in their houses than they know of.
Mr. BUTLER. If there be any glass window
in my house I do not know it, so far as regards
any indication that I have given here. Now I
will state a single proposition, and it will at once
show the operation of this system. Will gentle-
men who are now agitating, with so much zeal,
with^the energy of selfishness, with the skill of
conviction, the power of eloquence, and above all,
j with an understanding founded upon numbers,
■ change position, and take the $50,000 or the thou-
: sands of dollais appropriated to the South, and
• give us three or four millions appropriated else-
; where? Let the proposition be put to-morrow
I that they should give us the millions and they
; take the thousands, and where should we stand?
i They would outvote us; they would not agree
, to the proposition. 9 am to be taunted by gen-
1 tlemen, saying, " we give you $50,000 if you
; take it, provided you let us have as much as we
choose to take, and a*s little as wo choose to allow
; you." This is a proposition that I am to submit
j to ! No, sir; so far as I am the representative
i of South Carolina, I scorn the $50,000 at sueh
