1856.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
935
are executed in the most beautiful style of art, from original
drawings made by Dr. Kane lnmself on the spots they de-
lineate.
According to a carcfuliy-prepared estimate, made at the
request of the committee by the Superintendent of Public
Printing, the cost of getting up five thousand copies of such
a book would be nearly four dollars a volume, or eight dollars
a copy. It the edition be enlarged, it can be sold at a
reduced price, proportioned to the extent of the enlarge-
ment. It may be added, that in proportion to the number
of copies sold will be the benefit accruing to the author, as he
has a direct interest in the sales*. Every object, therefore,
which may be sought, whether of economy or reward,
whether to diffuse knowledge or encourage art, will be best
subserved by a liberal subscription.
The committee believe that the most appropriate mode
of expressing our sense of the value of Dr. Kane's services
is that suggested in thp resolution. He has written a book,
and it is offered to Congress for sale. It professes to be a
narrative of the expedition which was authorized by the
Government. lie does not seek a pecuniary reward; and
there are some acts for which money alone would be an
impertcct return. Where sacrifices have been incurred,
and deeds done, like those of Dr. Kane, his best solace, his
highest lecompense, will be found in the appreciation of
congenial minds, and in the generous sympathy of his
couutryinen. As the dissemination of his work will yield
him a compensation, while it gratifies a praiseworthy
feeling, Congress, perhap?, could not express its approba-
tion niore delicately, more gracefully, 01 moie acccptably,
than to distribute the results of his labors.
While the committee entertain these views, they still are
of opinion that some honorary testimonial ought to be given
to Dt. Kane, and his suivivmg band of brave associates,
as evidence of national approbation.
Three of the men who accompanied him died on the
journey, from the combined effects of hard-ship and ex-
posure, and several others submitted to the amputation of
frozen limbs, as the only method of escaping a similar fate.
Dr. Kane bears testimony to the intelligent usefulness of
his officers, and to the zeal, devotion, and fidelity of all his
companions;. The committee deem medals a fitting mode
of ejpressmg the appreciation of Congress; and s"ubimtthat
the duty of devising and presenting them, with mottoes and
devices oppiopriate to the ie«pective grades and functions
ot tfie paity, should be devolved upon the Secretary of tire
Navy.
They recommend the adoption of the following resolu-
tions :
1. Resolved, by the Senate and the House, of Representa-
tives of the United States of America in Congress assembled,
That the Committee on the Libiary be authouzed to pur-
chase iiom the publishers fifteen thousand copies of a forth-
coming work bv Dr. E K. Kane, ot the Arctic explorations
duiiiis the years 1853, 1854, 1855, in seaieh of Sir John
Franklin, to be distnhuted among membuis of Cotigie&s
by the SSccictary and Clerk of the two Housf? respectively,
under the dneetion of the said committee : Pi ovided, That
the price shall not exceed five doilais for the two volumes :
Jlnd provided further, That the material, pies-s-woik, illus-
tiations, and binding, shall be approved by the said com-
mittee.
'2. Resolved, by the authority aforesaid, That the Secretary
of the Navy shall cause to be struck, and presented to Dr.
Kane, his officer's, and men, respectively, such appropriate
medals as, in the judgment of said Secretary, shall express
the high estimation m which Congress hold their lespecave
merits and services.
Mr. TYSON. The report, Mr. Speaker, which
I have submitted is intended to coyer the whole
ground of the case which it discusses. Much
oral explanation is therefore unnecessary. But
in drawing the report I have accidentally omitted
a fact which ought to be supplied. It is this:
The immediate action of Congress is desirable,
in order that the printers may be no longer delayed
with their intended publication. As the under-
taking is expensive, the size of the edition, the
character of the materials, and the price of the
book, are all dependent upon the early adoption
of the first resolution.
That resolution proposes the purchase of a less
number of copies than is usual in similar cases;
though this case has features peculiar to itself,
and addresses itself, I conceive, irresistibly to the
just and generous feelings of Congress. The
expedition sailed under orders from the Navy
department, but with very little expense to
the Government. The scientific services per-
formed by it are reflected upon the country. Shall
we not assist a book into light which records its
remarkable achievements ? The simple question
is, whether this House will not aid a publication
professing to give the history of an expedition
which was authorized and sanctioned by the Gov-
ernment, and from the results of which it has
derived so much honor ?
The intrepid explorer passed the usual land-
marks of civilization. He passed through an at-
mospheric temperature of seventy degrees below
zero, to eighty one degrees twenty two minutes
of north latitude, where the region of perpetual
ice and snow ceased. He had gone so far north
us almost to have, come south; for it was here—
mirabile dictu!—he found Jlmtiing- waters—in short,
that channel and sea which will make his name
imperishable.
Some of the States of Europe and several of
this Confederacy have vied with each other in
testifying to the high merits of Dr. Kane as an
Arctic explorer. The learned Humboldt, and the
Royal Geographical Society of London, as one
man, have paid marked tributes to him as a benefac-
tor of science. The Secretary of the Navy, in his
late report, has recommended his services to the
attention and patronage of Congress. And shall
we not recognize them ? Shall his own Govern-
ment be silent, when the rest of the world are
loud in his praises ? Shall we not give him some
substantial token of our respect and apprecia-
tion ?
It has been proposed that this recognition
should consist of a pecuniary reward. Whatever
views may be entertained as to this mode of
expressing approbation of high public service, it
cannot be doubted that the question would be
different, or would wear a different aspect, if a
proposition had been made to reward Dr. Kane
before his book was offered for sale. In one case
it would present the appcarance of friendship and
appreciation; but, if offered now, whatever the
motive, it would look like disguised hostility 01-
meditated disparagement.
Money alone is not the kind of equivalent
which, I am sure, the noble explorer himself
would covet. Dr. Kane, 110 doubt, would wish
to circulate the book which records his triumphs
over the impediments of nature, and the preju-
dices of time. He, in some sort, may sympa-
thize with the poet, Milton, who accepted the pit-
tance of fivepounds for the copyright ofhis Para-
dise Lost, because it was to be given to the world,
and he knew that he could draw for the large un-
paid balance on posterity. But would not Mil-
ton have indignantly refused the price of <£5,000
for his immortal work, if offered upon the condi-
tion, or if acceptance was to be followed by the
consequence of its being suppressed? No one can
doubt it.
The second resolution proposes some slight
honorary testimonial, by medal, to Dr. Kane, his
officers and men, under the direction of the Sec-
retary of the Navy. I ask for it, and the whole
subject, the kind consideration of the House, and
hope that both resolutions will receive a unan-
imous vote.
I demand the previous question.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I have but a few
remarks to make, and I hope the gentleman will
withdraw his call for the previous question.
Mr. TYSON. 1 will, if the gentleman will
promise to renew it.
Mr. JONES. I do not like to promise to renew
the call for the previous question after I have
spoken what I have to say. I wish to move that
the resolution be referred to the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union. If it made any
appropriation for the purchase of the books it
provides for, then, under the rules, it would neces-
sarily go to that committee. It ought to go there,
where, without having the previous question
sprung upon us, we may have an opportunity of
investigating the whole subject. The rcportpro-
poses the purchase from Dr. Kane of fifteen thou-
sand copies of his book at a price not exceeding
five dollars per copy.
Mr. TYSON. To purchase them—not from
Dr. Kane—but from the publishers.
Mr. JONES. The resolution is to authorize
the purchase of fifteen thousand copies of his
book. I suppose that Dr. Kane will receive a
stipulated price from the publishers 011 each copy
of the edition sold. Fifteen thousand copies at
five dollars per copy will be §75,000 in all. It
may be a very interesting and scientific work—
one which no other man in the world beside could
have written and prepared for the press; but it
may also be probable that the work is one which
110 publisher, except the Congress of the United
States, would undertake to publish. Works which
can only be published by Congress ought not to
be published at all. If the/will not bear the cost
of publication—if the people of the country will
not feel interest enough in them to sustain the
publisher in their publication, then it is pretty
conclusive that they ought not to be published.
If Dr. Kane is to be complimented in a material
way by Congress, let us know what he is to
receive for each copy sold by the publisher; and
let us vote to give him the monev, and thus give
him that sort of material aid. t do not wish to
detain the House. I hope the resolution will be
referred to the Committee of the.Whole on the
state of the Union; and I move that it have that
reference.
Mr. TYSON. I wish to say that I demanded
the previous question.
Mr. PRINGLE. I rise to a question of order.
The gentleman from Pennsylvania has had the
floor once upon this question. I ask him to yield
to allow me to offer an amendment.
Mr. TYSON. I beg to remind the Chair that
I demanded the previous question; and 1 wish to
say  
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I rise to a question
of order. The gentleman from Pennsylvania
having addressed the House once upon this
question, he had no right to the floor again for
any purpose, I must insist, most respectfully, so
long as any other gentleman desired to address
the House. After the gentleman from Tennessee
had addressed the House, the gentleman from
New York rose to submit an amendment, and
the gentleman from Pennsylvania had no right
to the floor for any purpose, according to my con-
struction of the rule. He had just as much right
to make a second speech as he had to demand the
previous question.
The SPEAKER. The Chair assigned the floor
to the gentleman from Pennsylvania, as he ad-
dressed the Chair before any other member of the
House. The gentleman from New York was not
in his place, and the Chair did not understand
that he addressed the Chair upon this question,
and the gentleman from Pennsylvania is entitled
to the floor, in the opinion of the Chair.
Mr. SMITH. This is an important question,
and I appeal from the decision of the Chair.
Mr. COBB, of Georgia. I have no interest in
the question as to which gentleman is entitled to
the floor; but I trust that the gentleman from
Virginia will not take an appeal, for since the
gentleman from Pennsylvania addressed the Chair,
a. motion to commit has been made, which raises
a new question, upon which the gentleman from
Pennsylvania would be entitled to the floor, as
much as any other member of the House.
Mr. SMITH. I was not aware that any new
question had been raised.
Mr. COBB. The gentleman from Tennessee
moved to commit the bill to the Committee of
the Whole on the state of the Union.
Mr. SMITH. Then I withdraw my appeal.
Mr. TYSON. I demanded the previous ques-
tion,and I regarded the remarksof the gentleman
from Tennessee as irregular, as I did not with-
draw the demand.
Mr. McMULLIN. I move to lay the report
upon the table, and that it be printed.
The motion was not agreed to.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I desire to have this
matter understood. When [ rose to a question
of order upon the gentleman from Pennsylvania,
I understood that he had addressed the House
upon the resolution reported by the committee,
and that he had yielded the floor to the gentle-
man from Tennessee; and the gentleman from
Tennessee certainly addressed the House, and
moved, as I now learn, to refer this matter to the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union. The gentleman from Pennsylvania then
rose and demanded the previous question. Now,
I deny that that gentleman was entitled to the
floor, for any purpose, a second time, while an-
other gentleman was upon it.
Mr. FLORENCE. I rise to a point of order.
The gentleman is not speaking to any question
before the House.
The SPEAKER. There is no question before
the House.
Mr. SMITH. If the gentleman will allow me,
I wish to say a word more upon this matter.
Mr. FLORENCE. But there is no question
before the House, as the gentleman withdrew his
appeal.
Mr. SMITH. I desire to know of the Chair
if I understand the matter aright? In this state
of the case, the gentleman claims that he never
surrendered the floor, and that by virtue of his
first occupation of it, he has the right to call the
previous question. That I understand to be the
state of the case. So the motion of the g-entle-
man from Tennessee to refer this matter to the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union was not in order, as I understand it.
