THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
->?•
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHFC. RIVES, WASHINGTON, D. C.
Thirty-Fourth Congress, 1st Session.
WEDNESDAY, JULY 30, 1856.
New Sewbs.;.,..K«| llcl
a price. I would not vote for it. The Senator
from Ohio speaks of my suggesting it to the Sen-
ator from Tennessee. I did say to Mr. Bell:
" You are from Tennessee, and your roads are
running down to Charleston; you have no diffi-
culty on this subject; I doubt very much -whether
it will be of any service; but you are pouring
it out everywhere, in my opinion without any
profit, and let all portions get their propor-
tion." I say you are disregarding' the Consti-
tution in some respects, and, so far as regards
the regulation of commerce, in every respect. In
one point of view I might be willing to be recon-
ciled if it were for a regulation of commerce in
which more than three States are interested.
When you break down the Constitution, and re-
pudiate an equal division, do not then taunt me
by offering a part. I scorn such a bargain.
Sow, one word as to the Savannah river. I
do not know that I ever voted for that improve-
ment. I did not vote for it on this occasion. I
could have done it on sound principles, segre-
gating it from these measures; but I knew that,
if I undertook to vote for the Savannah river bill,
the very name would have been quoted upon me,
and be referred to against me, when, in fact, in
justice, and constitutional principle, I could dis-
tinguish it. When Howe was m possession of
Savannah, and the British were coming up, as
Archibald Campbell did, to take it, it is notorious
that Howe, as soon as he could, attempted to
impede the channel by sinking ships. The gen-
tleman is mistaken when he says there was only
one sunk; but perhaps he has not read the his-
tory. J can name him five.
ilr. PUCiH. I have read it.
Mr. BUTLER. You have only read your side.
Mr. PIjCtH.. I have read both sides of it.
Mr. BUTLER.. Will the gentleman from ;
Oluo give me the benefit of his reading upon the
subject, for he handed me the history the other
day ? I went and looked at the books.
Mr. PUGH. A sloop, and several smaller
yessels, and these hulks, were sunk. What you
ask to remove are the hulks of frigates sunk
there by the. British Government. Those that
were sunk by the American Government were so
trifling: that, at a period of three or four years
afterwards, they were no obstruction at all to the
passage of the French fleet up the river, and you !
had to sink others in order to stop them. That I
is my recollection of the histoiy. j
Mr. BUTLER. I do not know which impeded [
it most. It may have been that the first obstruc- ;
tion impeded it, and in that way it is necessary j
to clear out the whole. I do not know how !
that is; but even if I were to take the ground J
that they had been placed there by the enemy, j
I should distinguish it from the gentleman's j
position. Besides, that would be regulating coin- i
merce to some extent. The Savannah river is a j
stream running to the ocean. The world is inter-
ested in the Savannah river. But who is inter-
ested in this Black lake ? I should like to know
who is interested in the Black lake of Michigan ?
It is a groat local advantage; but what commerce
does that regulate between the States or with for-
eign nations? No, sir, it is not to regulate com-
merce; it is to improve, not the harbor, but the
land and the town. That is what it is.
Mr. STUART. I am not going to discuss this
question, but the Senator from Georgia made a
remark which seemed to me considerably out of
place, and a little unkind. He stated, in the com-
mencement of his speech, that it was a very easy
thing for a Senator to get on several committees,
the Committees of Public Lands and Commerce,
and others which furnish means of plunder. 1 can-
not believe,from my knowledge of that honorable
Senator, that he intended to impute such a thing
to me, and yet there was scarcely any other infer-
ence to be drawn from his language.
Mr. TOOMBS. I think the Senator has got a
wrong idea. I said that it was to get appro-
priations out of the public Treasury, and 1 do
think that Senators interested in these matters,
get on the committees, so they can attend to the
114
interests of their constituencies, as tbeysuppose,
for appropriations of public money.
Mr. STUART. I am sorry to trouble the
Senate—but I think I never asked to be put on a
committee in my life. My recollection is that I
never asked a place on a Senate committee; yet
my friends here in the Senate, I feel bour.d to
say, have seemed to treat me with very great re-
spect, and very great consideration; for some of
the most influential and best friends I have here,
proposed to me every committee on which I
have been. I have felt myself that I might, per-
haps, regard it as complimentary, but I have never
said a word about it before. I never asked to be
put on a committee in the Senate. So far from
that, there has not been a single bill, originating
from the Committee on Public Lands, of which
1 am a member, with a view to the benefit of my
own State at this session of Congress. The land
bills, as the Senator knows, originated in the
House, and every one that was sent here was
acted on by the Senate and passed. In these
measures, if I know myself, I have been consult-
ing the public interest entirely. I do not deny
that there is a local advantage—it would be non-
sense to deny that there is a local advantage
growing out of an appropriation of this character.
It does affect business locally; but the question
has been with me-—and I have expressed it again
and again—the public interest. I have seen the
commerce of the country, which extends from
Lake Ontario through the entire chain of lakes
and all tiie straits, every year buried in the water;
and I have seen the lives of men buried there; and
I have felt oil that subject, and feel now. While
I claim not to disregard the local interests of my
constituents, I say they sink into entire insignifi-
cance in comparison wilh the great commercial
interests of the country, and with the interests
of the General Govcrnmentf-m its naval and war-
like preparations, Thia is a matter of opinion.
Gentlemen may deny it; but I could demonstrate,
I think, in twenty minutes, if I were to take the
time, which I am happy to say now I shall not,
that the naval and warlike preparations of the
United States require every appropriation that
has been proposed on these lakes.
That is sufficient, Mr. President. It explains
the proposition. 1 shall only make another state-
ment. I have never yet indulged in any com-
parisons between States. I have regarded this
/rreat family of States as a private family of indi-
viduals—all brothers, all sisters. If you can
criticise and tantalize Georgia in comparison with
Michigan, North Carolina in comparison with
Massachusetts, and the States South in compar-
ison with those i\rorth, and can maintain the har-
mony and permanency of this Union, you can
change the characteristics of mankind. It can
never be done. So long as I hold a position, not
only in the Senate, but on the face of the earth,
if I can say nothing complimentary to a State of
this Union, I will say nothing in derogation of
her. I shall refrain from that. The feeble
powers-which I possess have been exerted for
what I believe to'be that course of policy best
adapted to the harmony and perpetuity of this
Union. I will say to my friend from Virginia,
m that faith i have lived, and m that faith, God
willing, I shall die. J can interpret the principles
and the creed of the Democratic party, and have
never vet found difficulty in doing it, m connec-
tion, and in perfect harmony with, every prin-
ciple for which I have ever voted in Congress.
Senators should regard this as matter of opinion.
They may differ with me. I never criticise their
onimons In an unfriendly manner. If 1 have been
so unfortunate as ever to be thus misunderstood,
I not only retract it now, but in my heart I regret
it. I claim the utmost scope of parliamentary
latitude in debating these questions, and cheer-
fully accord it to others. I have refrained from
the discussion of these very questions for a two-
fold reason: first, for want of time, which is
destructive to the measures; in the next place, it
brought me in collision with my friends—it
brouaht me in collision with the Executive. I
have respected him as a man,'but I could--enter-
tain no opinions m common .with him upon' this
subject; yet I have never made a speech here
upon it. I have been content to give my votes,
and let jtherrt answer for themselves. >
But, ^ir, 1 do not wish my friends to suppose
that, because I have thus refrained from discussing
these questions, I supposed I could not maintain
my votes by solid arguments that would be sat-
isfactory to me, however unsatisfactory they
might be to them. Here is my honorable friend
from South Carolina—I may be mistaken but
1 think that it was at the last session; the Journal
will show—that he introduced a bill himself for
the improvement of the harbor at Charleston;
Mr. BUTLER. No, sir, never in my life.
Mr. STUART. I will look and see.
Mr. BUTLER. It would have been better to
look before making the statement.
Mr. STUART. If I am mistaken I shall say
so, but I think 1 am not. I recollect it. The
Senator had a right to do it, and no individual
has a right to censure him for doing it.
Mr. BUTLER. I will tell the gentleman how
it was. My impression is, that.it was sent fiom
the House of Representatives, but it- may have
been otherwise; 1 did not vote for it. . t
Mr. STUART. The Senator introduced the
bill, and at the time he declared that he would
not vote for It. Here it is: :
"Mr. Butler as feed, and by unanimous consent obtained,
leave to bring ma bill (S.No. 618)tqqoutimiettieimprove-
ment of tile harbor of Charleston,, South Carolina; which
was read the first and second tune? by unanimous consent,
and considered as in Committee of the vVttole."
I thought I was right.
Mr. BUTLER. As far as the introduction of
the bill was concerned, I have no doubt that I
brough t it in, and had it referred to the committee,
and they adopted it.
Mr. STUART. The Senator introduced it
himself, and he stood there by the seat of his col-
league when he did so. I- recollect it.
Mr. BUTLER. It was with that explanation
that it was not my bill. -
Mr. STUART. He declared her would not
vote for it. ' • - - 1
Mr. BUTLER. I threw it on the committee—
the very source that would take it. I would not
vote for it. -- •
Mr. STUART. The Senator may think what
he chooses about the committee. - The Committee
on Commerce are entitled to the-same respect as
every other committee. I am not the chairman
of that committee, although I have been -fre-
quently alluded to as such. The Senator from
Maine [Mr. Hamlin] was chairman. It is known
to the Senate that he resigned. The Senator from
Wisconsin [Mr. Dodge] is now the chairman.
I am not the chairman; but the Senator from
Georgia, and several others, have misunderstood
me entirely.
Mr. TOOMBS. I never supposed you to be
the chairman, and never said so.
Mr. STUART. But, another point. What I
said was that, in shaping these bills, the Com-
mittee on Commerce adopted the- suggestion
which I made, ltistheaction of the committee.
It is not mine; but I hold myself responsible for
whatever share may fall to me. I like the form
of the bills. I believe that, if we can build a
harbor for #50,000 which the officers of the Gov-
ernment say will cost $1011,000, it should not con-
stitute a reason why Senators should oppose it.
But 1 am not going tospeak further on the subject.
1 only wished to explain what seemed to be neces-
sary to explain.
Mr. CLAY. 1 simply rise to correct one re-
mark of the Senator from Michigan. He dis-
claims indulging in personal reflections on myself
or his opponents, or invidious discriminations
between the States. I have no doubt he is sincere
in believing he is entitled to that encomium; but
he has shown me the fact, that we are ail very
sensitive about our own wounds, and do not feel
.others. fie complains now of a remark of the
Senator from Georgia, which he fellas somewhat
of a personal reflection on him and others^ wlw
