1810
THE ■ CONGRESSIONAL, GLOBE.
July 28,
stand in his category as supporters of this bill;'
and Uie Committee oh Coriimerce, and he "declares
that he has never indulged in any such reflection;
and yet, in the remarks which he submitted to the
Senate this morning, he set out by alleging that
theste bills came here recommended by the Depart-
ment of War. I corrected him, and told him that
the-Secretary of War had never recommended one
of them. He admitted the correction; but then
•sought to discredit the source from which he
.quoted as authority,, by saying that it was well
understood the Secretary of War belonged to a
school of ipoiiticians who thought the Govern-
ment was made for the support of a few clerks
from three or'four States. 1 submit that a more
contemptuous, opprobrious, and offensive expres-
sion could scarcely have been couched in unex-
ceptionable language, free from any epithets what-
ever. In that class, of course, he includes the
small number of us who oppose these bills, and
would represent us as of such narrow and con-
tracted minds that we think this Government was
instituted for the benefit of "a few clerks from two
or three States, which are contiguous to this Dis-
trict. Now, I submit that was a remark which
was wholly unworthy of the Senator, and was
undeserved as respects the Secretary of War, for
I believe the country at least accords to him as
much ability as any of his assailants, and quite
as laudable and worthy motives.
Again, sir, I wish to correct another statement
which has been made repeatedly. In seeking
the"sources whence this information is derived
in respect to these improvements, the Senator
from Michigan, like his colleague on a former
occasion, has quoted the authority of the local
agent there; and, as I understood them both,
they indorsed him as a civil engineer by educa-
tion as well as profession—a gentleman of high
attainments, who had graduated in a school of
civil engineering. If I am incorrect in my state-
ment, 1 hope they will now set me right. I so
understood them both as stating that this man,
Mr. Bowes, was a civil engineer who had grad-
uated in a school of .civil engineering, and who
understood the science, both in theory and prac-
tice.
Mr. CASS, If the honorable Senator refers
to me, I bee leave to state that I know this gen-
tleman. I believe that he is an excellent engineer,
who was in the service for a time. Whether he
has actually been in the Army or not, X do not
know for certain—that is my impression; but I
know that he has been for twenty years, or more,
in this business of naval engineer, and has beeji a
great part of the time employed by the War De-
partment. But allow me to say to the honorable
Senator, while he is discussing his merits, that
his report has been received by the topograph-
ical bureau, acted on by the board of topograph-
ical officers, and approved and sent to us by the
War Department and the President.
Mr. CLAY. It may have been approved in
this instance, but some of his reports have not
been approved, as was shown by the Senator
from Virginia, [Mr. Hunter,]
Mr. CASS. The Senator from Virginia read
some remarks of Colonel Graham on the subject,
but hereare his reports, approved by the board of
engineers.
Mr. HUNTER. The statements are trans-
mitted with the report of the Secretary of War.
Mr. CASS. I understand that; but they are
transmitted here by the bureau.
Mr. CLAY. I wanted to say, in respcct to
Mr. Bowes, of whom I know nothing personally,
that I am advised he has never studied civil engi-
neering as a science. It is true he graduated at
West Point in 1815; but I believe at that time
there was no school of civil engineering there;
it was not taught in the institution at all. He
graduated in arithmetic, geography, English
grammar and the common branches which were
taught at that time, and he hasnot skill, certainly,
derived from instruction in any school in the
country on this particular subject.
Mr. MASON. I want to ask the honorable
Senator from Michigan a question—I am very
suc'1 questions to him, but I really
think he is instrumental m presenting to us here
a very tangled skein. The honorable Senator
vouches, and may vouch correctly, for the scien-
tific and practical skill of this Mr. Bowes, and
he says that «s estimates have been adopted by
the board of engineers. In the latter respect, he
is incorrect in fact: 1 do not mean to say that
he is incorrect in his opinion; but he says this
gentleman is one of scientific and practical skill,
and that his estimates for Grand river and Black
lake have been adopted by our board of engi-
neers. Now, I want to ask the Senator upon
what process of reasoning he repudiates all these
estimates, and asks for $50,000 to complete the
work which, m the case of Grand river, they
said would require $100,000, and in the case of
Black lake, $105,000?
Mr. CASS. I can answer the question in a
moment, and I am only surprised that the honor-
able Senator should ask it. If the two Senators
from Ohio, now here, were willing to say, " give
us §1,000 to complete the harbor of Cuyahoga,
and not a dollar to be expended until the work
be done," notwithstanding the estimates of the
engineers, I would vote for it. I would make
the experiment. If they estimate it at $160,000,
and the representatives of the State are willing
to take one third, I would be willing to try the
one third. The Government cannot lose, giving
the War Department its proper check, and re-
ducing the amount to one third.
Mr. MASON. The honorable Senator says
he is surprised that I should ask this question.
If I were to reason as the honorable Senator says
lie does, upon the expenditure of the public
money upon the lakes, perhaps I should not have
asked the question; but the Senator answers it
by saying that if the §50,000 appropriated in this
bill, and the $50,000 appropriated m the Grand
river bill, is not enough, somebody else is to
supply the means.
Mr. CASS. I beg pardon. I did not say so,
but I hope they will do it.
Mr. MASON. The Senator said that any gen-
tleman representing these interests would be very
glad to take #50,000, on the terms that the work
should be done by it. I want to know on what
responsibility that sort of reasoning is introduced
into the American Senate as a sanction for the
expenditure of the public money. What right
have these people to come here and ask for this
expenditure? Wbfjt right have the people of
Michigan to come here and ask for an expend-
iture of public money within the State of Michi-
gan ? I say that if a responsible officer of the Gov-
ernment, the Secretary of War, or the Secretary
of the Interior, who is responsible to the Presi-
dent, were to come here and say that at Black
lake and Grand river there is a necessity to have
el harbor of refuge for our ships, or a necessity to
have a fortification for our troops, they might
very well say it is proper to expend the public
money within the limits of the State, because the
Constitution has provided for it. But I want to
know by what authority, through what respons-
ible avenue, this proposition comes. I do not care
about those irresponsible avenues of people who
come here through their representatives to say,
let us have §50,000 for Black river, and $30,000
for Snake river and Turtle river. These are ut-
terly irresponsible. If gentlemen expect to rec-
oncile their demands with the reason given by the
Senator from Michigan, that if anybody should
come to him and say, " I will do the work for ten
dollars, which requires fifty dollars to (lo it prop-
erly," he would give the work, I can only say
that their ideas of economy and mine are very
different.
Now, one word to the other Senator from
Michigan, [Mr. Siuakt.] He has talked of per-
sonal assaults. I am unconscious of them; I
certainly make no personal assaults. I am here
a representative of the State of Virginia, a d a
trustee. I am here to show to the people of Vir-
ginia what the public policy of this country is;
how the public money is expended; where it is
expended; the avenues through which it is reached
for appropriations; which we say', and have
said, from the commencement of this Govern-
ment, have no warrant in the Constitution. I
want to let my people know exactly what the
condition of tilings is. I want to say to them,
and to expose it upon the records, and to go
through the State in the newspapers, that the
reason assigned by the Senator from Michigan,
[Mr. Cass,] who is the oldest and ablest states-
man amongst us, is, that it ia cause enough to
expend $50,000, if anybody comes and tells you
the work will be done for §50,000, although the I
responsible officers of the Government say it will
require three times the amount. This is part of
the woof of the general texture of these appro-
priations. I make no personal assaults. I am
not in the habit of doing it. I see no room for it.
I do not question the personal or political integ-
rity of any Senator on this floor. I do not ques-
tion his construction of the Constitution; but I
want to show to my people where they stand,
under the construction placed by this majority
of the party with which they are allied.
The Senator from Ohio talks about the attempt
on my part, and that of the Senator from Georgia,
to read him out of the Democratic party. Sir, I
have no such office; and if I assumed it, 1 should
only show my weakness, and the weakness of
those with whom I am acting in the southern
States. I am not in the majority—far from it.
I have acted with that party in good faith, and I
will take this opportunity to say, that on a great
and signal occasion the Democratic party of the
North did more, in my judgment, to restore the
Constitution to its original intention, and mean-
ing, and purpose, than has been done by any
party since the days of Mr. Jefferson. Ay, sir,
at the suggestion, and under the guidance, of my
friend from Illinois, [Mr. Dotigi.as,] by placing
the stigma of reprobation on every member of
that party who claimed the right on the part of
the Federal Government to legislate on those
domestic institutions that involve our safety,
they did more to preserve this Union than has
been done by any party since the days of Mr.
Jefferson; but still I am here to stand on the
watchtower. I choose that my people at the
South shall know how this section of the Demo-
cratic platform is construed by a majority of the
Democratic party on this floor. I want to bring
prominently to their notice, that in this greatest
of questions that is left for public expenditure, a
leak in the public Treasury is to be established
which will require lands, and credits, and taxa-
tion, to supply the demand, if it is not protested
against and stopped. It is not a million or two
of dollars to be voted now; but I say again, it is
the first time a Democratic Congress has over-
ruled a Democratic veto on a question of consti-
tutional construction in public expenditure; and
I want to bring the fact before -the country that
they are demanding money here for a work pur-
porting to cost but one third as much as the engi-
neers report, under an illusion contained in the bill,
that the work is to be done for the sum appro-
priated.
Sir, the expenditure of the public money, the
right to tax, is the most sensitive, and justly
sensitive, nerve of the Government. If you keep
money from the Government, and keep it pure,I
defy you to oppress. Bring the expenditures of
this Government down to the lowest and most
narrow limits of an economical administration,
and I defy the Government to oppress the people:
but do the contrary—establish leaks in the Treas-
ury for the expenditure of countless millions on
sources and demands utterly irresponsible to the
country—establish leaks in the Treasury by re-
pudiating the actual protest of those officers of
the Government who are responsible for it, and
you must, of necessity, have not only a corrupt,
but a corrupting Government. I want my people
to know that; I want them to see how these ap-
propriation bills are passed, by sifting them and
analyzing them; and I will take care that they
shall be diffused through the whole southern
country, by sifting them, analyzing them, and
presenting them in detail.
The honorable Senator from Michigan [Mr.
Stuart] says that none would go further than he
would go and has gone, to support the great
interests of the country—that he would vote ap-
propriations, and has voted them for the Army
and Navy, to any extent that may be required
by those who are responsible. I have no doubt
of it, and no reason to doubt it—and no reason to
question the honorable, broad, liberal, and just
patriotism of the honorable Senator; but I wish
to know how he illustratesthat purpose upon his
part by the declaration, that these harbors are to
be used for the Army and Navy. I desire to
know by what authority he makes the illustra-
tion? Has the Secretary of War told you any-
where, that you may make a harbor at Grand
river for the purpose of national defense ? Has
the Secretary of the Navy told you anywhere,
