210
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 10,
holding a seat on the floor of the House of Rep-
resentatives, and the first time I had the honorof
holding a seat on this floor, I began to strive
earnestly, in season and out of season, for the
abolition of flogging in the Navy. The chair-
man of the Committee on Naval Affairs, all
those officers whose cruising-ground was this
Capitol, were denouncing me as an enemy to the
Navy because I was for introducing that element
of humanity into it. But, sir, that measure was
carried; it met the approbation of every friend of
humanity; and against the obstinate prejudices
of the Navy itself and the officers of the Navy,
it has made its way into public favor until, to-day,
as an humble champion of that great measure of
reform, I have the satisfaction of holding in my
hand the evidence of the approbation of the head
of the Navy Department himself to that refor-
mation , for endeavoring to procure which I have
been stigmatized as an enemy of the Navy.
Let me read it. The Secretary of the Navy in
his report says:
" The hope is indulged with much confidence by many
experienced observers and officers, notwithstanding pain-
ful apprehensions and gloomy forebodings of disastrous con-
sequences from the abolition of punishment by Hogging,
that by this humane act, together with the recent discipline
bill of rewards and punishments, the ehanicter of the sea-
men, as a class, will be improved by the increased willing-
ness of the laboring young ii!5n ot our own country to serve
under the flag."
The Secretary does further homage to this
great measure of humanity, by informing us in
the same report, that during the six months be-
fore the supplementary bill of rewards was passed
they enlisted eight hundred and ninety-six men,
•while for the succeeding six months they enlisted
two thousand eight hundred and sixteen, fciir, it
is because 1 identified my humble self with that
great reform, which has now approved itself to the
commendation not only of the people, but of
those very men who denounced it, that I was stig-
matized as an enemy of the Navy.
Mr. MALLORY. Allow me to ask the Sen-
ator from New Hampshire if I am not right 111
supposing that ho proposed here in his place to
limit the commissions in the Navy to the term of
ten years, or to appoint officers of the Navy, as
other civil officers are appointed, for a term of
years ?
Mr. HALE. I did propose to limit their com-
missions to ten years, and if that had been done,
it would have obviated this infernal bill. Now
let me say another tiling in relation to the reform
of which 1 have spoken. After the passage of
the bill abolishing flogging in the Navy, a .squad-
ron returned from the coast of Africa, and it was
my fortune to be in Boston when that squadron
arrived there. I met the commodore and the
captain—Commodore Lavallette and Captain
Nicholson—who commanded the Germantown
and the Dale. I was introduced to them. The
first remark that these gentlemen made was, that
they had abused me a groat deal, and I think
they said they had cursed me a great deal, for my
agency in carrying through Congress the pro-
vision for the abolition of Hogging in the Na\y;
" but, sir," said they, "we have altered our opin-
ions entirely. Our vessels now lie here at anchor
in Boston harbor, and we should be exceedingly
glad if you wouid go over them and see how
vastly improved the character of the men is from
what it was when they weie submitted to the cruel
punishment of the lash." I confess, sir, modest
as 1 am, that I felt a little proud. There was a
little compensation in that for the odium and
opprobrium that had been cast on me for the
course 1 had taken here. I went amongst the
men; 1 talked to them; I saw men whom the
commander told me had been for thirty years m
the Navy and never had had the lasli applied to
thom. 1 asked them, "Is it a fact, as has been
stated, that since the abolition of flogging the
skulks get clear of the work, and the work is
thrown on you good men'" " No such thing,"
they answered with one voice. The officers and
men said it was a great reform.
T went through the vessels, and after what has
been said, 1 presume I may be permitted to state
what occurred when I left them. The men asked
permission of the officers to have the privilege of
extending to so humble an individual as myself
some mark of gratitude for the agency I had had
in introducing this reform, for which I had sub-
jected myself to the censures of the Senator from
Florida and others. They presented to me a
very modest but very expressive medal, com-
memorative of their thanks and gratitude for the
humble services which X had rendered in carrying
through this great measure of reform. For my
agency in it, I have been stigmatized as an enemy
of the Navy. Sir, I am an enemy to nothing
on God's earth but oppression and wrong. I am
an enemy to wrong, whether it bears upon the
black or the white, the slave or the officer.
Whenever you undertake to oppress a man, to
strike him down, to deprive him of his rights,
no matter in what station he may move on this
footstool of God, I am an enemy to that wrong;
and it makes no difference to me who sutlers it.
If, in future contingencies that may be before so
exalted an individual as the chairman of the
Committee on Naval Affairs, the hand of injus-
tice should ever reach him or his, any aid that
so humble an individual as myself can give him
he may command.
Now, sir, I have a word to say to the honor-
able Senator from Connecticut, [Mr. Toucey.]
I rejoice that we have the aid of the opinion of
such an astute lawyer as he is, a man who has
occupied so high a place as he has in the councils
of the nation, having been its great legal adviser
—the Attorney General. When he says he sees
no difficulty m this case, in regard to those offi-
cers who are on the retired and furlough lists, I
can see quite as clearly how to meet the other
case, and I am not without a precedent. I can
give chapter and verse; and there are some mem-
bers of the Senate who will doubtless remember
the circumstance to which 1 allude. Since I have
been a member of the Senate, the President of
the United States sent to us the nomination of a
major in the Army, to take the place of a major
whom he had removed and dismissed upon the
recommendation of a court-martial. The Senate
refused to confirm his nomination; and added to
the resolution of refusal, that they refused to
confirm the nomination for the reason that the
construction of the court-martial which had dis-
missed the occupant was unconstitutional and
illegal; and they sent that resolution to the Pres-
ident.
What did the President do? He sent back the
name of the officer who had been dismissed, and
since that—as 1 am told by the honorable Senator
before me, [Mr. Toombs,] who knows the history
of the case, and was instrumental in it—he has
been promoted to the rank of colonel, and is now
a coloni'l in the Army of the United States. That
was the way the Senate, at that time, remedied
executive wrong. Now, what would I do here?
Suppose the President sends a nomination to iill
the place made vacant by dropping Mr. Stevens;
I would reject it, and 1 would assign as a reason
that we reject the nomination because wo believe
the vacancy has been illegally and wrongfully
created. I tlunk that would remedy the wrong.
1 have a word to say to the astute lawyer from
Louisiana, [Mi. Benjamin.] He says that the
answer to the case which I put is so plain that he
wonders that I stated it. 1 am going to pay him
just as good a compliment as he paid me, and a
little better one. 1 have so utterly failed to make
an impression oil his clear mind of what seems so
plain to me, that I will not try again. I have
already tried twice, and failed; but if this question
shall come up again, as I think it will, ior my
friend from Tennessee has pledged himself to
bring it before us, I shall take the occasion to
explain, 1 think e\eu to the entire satisfaction of
the gentleman from Louisiana, that the position
winch I have taken in reference to the tenure by
which these naval officers hold their commissions
is clearly right; beyond controversy right; beyond
the shadow"of mistake right; beyond the cavil of
skepticism lii^lit; and I will convince the Senator
hmioelf of it. Having said thus much, 1 have
only to express the hope that this resolution will
be passed, and that, if i here is any record, we shall
it; and if there is >ione, we shah have a clean white
paper to tell us that this is all the board kept.
Mr. MALLORY. Mr. President, in charaeter-
izinff the honorable gentleman from New Hamp-
shire as an enemy to the Navy, when he occupied
a seat in this Chamber at a former time, I made
no allusion whatever to his efforts for the abolition
of corporal punishment. 1 made the assertion
because of his admission at this very time, his dis-
tinct admission that he did favor an entire dis-
memberment of the Navy. He advocated the
recall of every commission or a limitation of the
duration of the commissions to a specific period
of three, or four, or ten years.
Mr. HALE. Ten years.
Mr. MALLORY. I characterized him as an
enemy of the. Navy, not because of his identifica-
tion with that special system of reform to which
he has alluded, and which I did not introduce,
but because of the honest conviction on his own
mind, that the organization of the Navy waa
faulty, and that it was not essential to the public
interests to continue it, and he sought to disband
it.
Inasmuch as the Senator from New Hampshire
has alluded to what followed the abolition of
corporal punishment in the Navy, and as I had
something to do with that subject on a former oc-
casion, I may mention a circumstance which has
happened. The recruiting service is now going
on prosperously, as the Secretary of the Navy
says, not because of the abolition of that peculiar
form of punishment, but because of the increase
of the pay of the Navy, and of the prospects held
out of extra pay for good service, and of honors
and rewards to the seaman, in puisuauce of a
bill we passed at the last session. As an offset
to what the Senator has stated of the treatment
which he received for his identification with the
efforts which re.sulted in the abolition of corpo-
ral punishment in the Navy, I can tell him that
within the last three months a similar occurrence
has taken place (only for a very opposite reason)
to a gentleman who was identified with the op-
posite side of that question, and who favored the
retention of corporal punishment in the Navy.
The gentleman to whom I allude visited one of
our public ships, and the first lieutenant waited
upon him at the instance of her crew, to com-
pliment him, in the name of the crew, upon his
identification with that measure, and with the
increase of the pay of the Navy. I mention this
fact only to show that there is not a unanimity
of feeling on that subject, and the recruiting ser-
vice goes on prosperously, not because of the
abolition of that punishment, but because the
seamen get better compensation for their services
than before.
Mr. MASON*. I move to postpone the fur-
ther consideration of this resolution for the pre-
sent. I wish to offer a resolution, which I am
sure will meet the approbation of the Senate.
Mr. HALE and Mr. JONES, of Tennessee.
Let us pass this resolution.
Mr. MA SON. I think this resolution ought to
be modified before a vote is taken on its passage.
Mr. JOiNES, of Tennessee. Very well; let it
lie over.
Mr. MASON. I move to postpone its con-
sideration for the present.
Tlic motion was agreed to.
PRINTING OF THE SENATE.
Mr. MASON. I offer this resolution, and ask
for its consideration at the present time:
Resolve/!, That the Committee 011 the Conhnsent Ex-
penses ot the Seiial" he amiiouzed to pay Beverly Tucker
Joi tV p: iming of the Finance Repoit ordered to be
printed on the '.id of January : Provided, The puce doe  not
exceed that now authorized by law.
I am informed by the gentleman who was
chairman of the Committee on Public Printing,
at the last session, that the work has been done;
I have here a certificate to that effect. There is,
however, no means of paying for it, and there
can be none until we have a committee on print-
ing. For this reason I have offered this resolu-
tion to pay for the work out of the contingent
fund.
The resolution was agreed to.
EXECUTIVE SESSION.
On motion by Mr. MASON, the Senate pro-
ceeded to the consideration of executive business;
s and. after some time spent therein, the doors
were reopened.
COURT OF CLAIMS.
On motion by Mr. BAYARD, it wns
Gn^red, That the Piestdentof the Senate be authorized
to asoi^ii iooni<3 in the noitii winj; ot the Capitol extension
lor Ihe vho oi the Comt of Claims during the present ses-
sion of the Supreme Court.
ADJOURNMENT TO MONDAY.
On motion by Mr. SEWARD, it was
Oidered, That vhen the Senate adjourns to-day it be to
meet on Monday next.
On motion, the Senate adjourned.
