1856.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
HOUSE OP REPRESENTATIVES.
Friday, January 11, 1856.
The House was called to order by the Clerk
at twelve o'clock, m.
The Journal of Wednesday was read and apV
proved.
Mr. BOYCE. I move that there be a call of
the House.
Mr. PHELPS. I ask for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken and decided in the
negative—yeas 87, nays 320; as follows:
YEAS — Aiken, Alien, Bavksdale, Bell, Ilend-
Jev S. Bennett, Jiocock, Boyce, Branch, Brooks, Burnett,
Cadwaladei, John P. Campbell, Cailile, Caruthers, Caskie,
Ilovvell Cobb, Covode, Ciagin, Craige, Culien, Davidson,
Denvvt, Dowdeli, Dunn, Durfee, Edmundson, Elliott, Eng-
lish, Ethend&e, Eusus, Evan?, Faulkner, Florence, Henry
M. Fuller, Thomas J. D. Fuller, Goode, Greenwood, Au-
gustus Hail, J. Morrison Harris, Sampson VV. Harris, Har-
rison, Ilerbeit, Hickman, Hoffman, Houston, Jewett,
George W. Jones, Keitt, Kelly, Kennett, Kidwell, Lake,
Letcher, Lindley, Lumpkin, Alexander K. Maishali, S.un-
uel S. Marshall, Maxwell, McQueen, Smith Miller, Mill-
son, Moore, Nichols, Mordeeai Ohvei, Paine, Peck, Phelps,
Porter, Powell, Quitman, Ready, Ricaud, Richaids.on,Ilut-
iin,ii(iat, Savage, Scott, William li. Smith, Snoed, Talbott,
Taylor, Underwood, Warner, Wheeler, Wmslow. Daniel
B. Wiight, and John V. Wright—67.
NAYS—Messrs. Albright, Allison, Ball, Barbour, Barclay,
Henry Bennett, Benson, Bingham, Bliss, Bowie, Bradshaw,
Brenton, Buffington, Buihngame, James II. Campbell,
Lewis D. Campbell, Chaifee, dawson, Chngman, Wil-
liamson R. W. Cobb, Colfax, Coimns, Cox, Cumback,
Damrell, Heniy Winter Davis, Timothy Davis, Day, Dean,
De Witt, Dick, Dickson, Dodd, Edie, Edwards, Emrie,
Flagler, Foster, Galloway, Gidduiga, Gilbert, Granger,
Giow, Robert B. Hall, Ilallan, Thomas L. Hams, Haven,
Holloway, Thomas It. Hoi ton, Valentine B. Horton, How-
ard, Hughston, Kelsey, King, Knapp, Knight, Ifcnowlton,
Knox, Leiter, Mace, Humphrey Marshall, Matlc&on, Me-
Carty, McMulhn, Meaeham, Killian Miller, Morgan, Moi-
rill, Mott, Norton^ Andiew Oliver, Orr, Parker. Peaice, Pel-
ton, Pennington, Pike, Pringle, Purviance, Puryear, lleade,
Ritchie, Rivers, Bobbins, Robison, Rabin, Sage, Sapp,
Sherman, Simmons, Samuel A. Smith, William Smith,
Spinner, Stanton, Stephens, Stewart, Stianahan, Swope,
Tappan, Thoruigton, Thurston, Todd, Tratnm, Trippe,
Tyson, Vail, Valk, Wade, Wakeman, Walbndg", Wal-
dron, Cadwalader C. Washburne, Eliibu B. Washbmne,
Israel Washburn, Watson, Welch, Whitney, Williams,
Wood, Woodruff, Woodworth, and Zolhcofier—120.
Pending the call of the roll,
Mr. NICHOLS (when his name was called)
said: I rise to a personal explanation, in relation
to the proceedings of Wednesday last. In the
Globe of yesterday 1 find the following debate
reported as having occurred while the gentleman
from Tennessee [Mr. Smith] was upon the floor.
I commence with a portion of that gentleman's
remarks:
" Here aie two parties opposed to the Demoeiatic paity
of the House. 01 course 1 do not refer to every individual
in those patties; but I say that tho&e who aie called Hlack
Republicans m this House owe their election here to Know
N'othm^vnti.
" Mr. Trafton. I should like to a«k the gentleman from
Tennessee what he means by that c.\pie>sion?
" Mr. Smith. By what expression ?
"Mr. Trafton. Black Republicans.
"Mr. Smith. I mean those, gentlemen who have been
voting for Mi. Banks j they have been called.BIack Repub-
licans. 1 use the term in all souitesy.
'• Mr. Trafton. Who calls them Black Republicans?
That is the question.
"Mr. Smith. 1 use the expression iu all eourtevy. The
reason why they arc called so, I suppose, is, because they
want to put the negro upon an equality with the white
man. , ,
"Mr Houston. Above—they would put mom above
naturalized foieigners.
"Mr. Smith. Yes, sir. .
"Mi. Nichols. 1 do not understand the party to which
the gentleman tiom Tennessee alludes to occupy any such
position as he gives for them. I am not in favor ot putting
the blacks upon an equality with the \\hit 's, and ! am not
awnie that any Bueh position is occupied by the paiiy with
which I am acting."
This last paragraph is the one to which I wish
to call the attention of the House. In the re-
mark made I said nothing of the kind attrib-
uted to me. I did not pretend to speak for any
party, nor to speak the sentiments of any party.
I did not hoar the remark of the gentleman from
Alabama, [Mr. Houston,] or I should have been
more specific, and should have very fully defined
my position upon both branches of the subject
discussed. The remark, as reported, contains
the implication, at least, that I am connected
with what is known m this House as the Ameri-
can party, and that, in the remarks I made, I
spoke for that portion of the American party
which is voting for Mr. Banks. "What I did
say was this, and simply this: understanding
the gentleman from Tennessee [Mr. Smith] to
attribute to the party voting for Mr. Banks the
position of placing the negroes on an equality
with the whites, I said:441 am one of those who
have been voting for Mr. Banks in this Hall. I
have voted for that gentleman over eighty times, :
I occupy no such position as is attributed to
those gentlemen by the gentleman from Tennes-
see. I am not in favor of putting the negro on
an equality with the whites, either socially or
politically."
Mr. Clerk, standing here, as 1 do, not a mem-
ber of this American party, not belonging to it,
never having joined it and never intending to
join it—opposed as I am to the platform of that
party as promulgated in my own State, and op-
posed in toio to the sentiments of the party as
avowed by gentlemen belonging to it upon this
floor—I have no desire—I do not wish to say
anything which shall connect me to it in any way*,
nor, it is to be presumed, do they wish to be
made responsible for any sentiments of mine.
Sir, 1 paddle my own canoe in this turmoil; T
speak by no rule but my own. I have therefore
deemed it essential that this correction should be
made.
Mr. SNEED (when his name was called) said:
Mr. Clerk, in the excitement at our last sitting,
consequent upon the fatigue and oppression of
one long night session, I was betrayed into a
petulant remark, casting an improper imputation
upon the Clerk, which justice to myself, and to
the manner in which you have discharged the
delicate and responsible duties of your position,
requires me to recall, and I thus publicly do vol-
untarily recall the same. I vote ay.
Mr. FLORENCE. I take advantage of this
opportunity, at the request of my colleague, Mr.
Packer, to say to the House, that a record may
be made of it, that he has been called home sud-
denly and unexpectedly by a very serious illness
in his family, of a daughter. That is the reason
of his absence from the House to-day.
The result was then announced as above.
The CLERK. On the last day in which the
House was in session, a resolution was offered
by the genileman from Tennessee [Mr. Sneed] to
invite the Hon. James L. Orr to take the chair
temporarily; upon which the House refused to
order the mam question. The Clerk supposes,
acting as we are under parliamentary law, it will
come before the House this morning as the busi-
ness in order.
Mr. ORR. I would be very much obliged to
my friend from Tennessee if he would with-
draw the resolution. I was very much obliged
to him for having offered it; but the House having
on Wednesday refused to order the main question,
I take, it for granted, therefore, that nothing can
result from its further continuance before the
House. In order, therefore, that the House may
proceed at once with its ballotting, I ask the
gentleman from Tennessee to withdraw the reso-
lution.
Mr. SNEED. I desire to see the resolution
adopted, but I myself believe, as the gentleman
from South Carolina has suggested, from the
action of the House on Wednesday, that they
will not adopt it. If I have the right, therefore,
I will withdraw it.
Mr. PHELPS. You cannot withdraw it with-
out the consent of the House.
Mr. SNEED. If it is necessary, I ask the
consent of the House to allow me to withdraw it.
Mr. WHEELER. Has the gentleman the
right to withdraw it ?
'The CLERK. The resolution may be with-
drawn. if no objection be made.
No objection was made, and the resolution was
withdrawn.
Mr. WALBRIDGE. There arc several mem-
bers of this House who arc opposed to any debate,
to any discussion whatever, who have made sun-
dry efforts to rescind the ten-minute rule; there
are other gentlemen who are m favor of discus-
sion, and do not wish it limited by any rule Now
I propose a compromise between these two opin-
ions, by providing that a vote for Speaker shall
be taken at the commencement of the session every
day, and also that there shall be a vote taken at
the close of every session, thus providing for two
votes to be taken for Speaker every day until an
election is effected, an(t leaving the interim to be
! filled up with speaking or voting as the House may
determine, 1 have embodied the iuea in a reso-
lution which I will read, and which I propose to
offer. Here it is:
Resolved, Thatat this and every succeeding daily session
of the House until a Speaker is elected, the first business in
order, after the reading of the Journal, shalH>e to vote for
Speaker; and that no motion to adjourn shall bo in order,
except immediately succeeding the aimounceraeutof a vote
for Speaker.
Mr. GREENWOOD. If the gentleman will
allow me 
Mr. WALBRIDGE. I have but little time
left.
Mr. GREENWOOD. I merely want to make
a suggestion. I think we might proceed to ballot,
perhaps, if we had nothing else before us. 1 hope
the. gentleman will withdraw his resolution, and
allow us to vote.
The Clerk again called the roll, and the follow-
ing was the result of the one hundred and sixth
vote: Whole number of votes cast, 212; necessary
to a choice, 107; of which—
Nathaniel P. Ranks received.   98
William A. "Riehaid^on  70
Homy M Fuller  32
Alexander C. M. Pennington  7
John William1? ^  1
Samuel Caruthcrs  X
Gilchiist Porter    I
Henry Bennett     1
James L. Orr  1
So there was no choice.
The following is the vote in detail:
For Mr. Banks—Messrs. Albright, Allison, Ball, Bar-
bour, Ilemy Dennett, flenson, Bingham, Bliss, Bradshavv,
Buftington, Binhnsame, James H. Campbell, Lewis D.
Campbell, Chalice, Claw-son, Colfax, Comins, Cragin,
Cumback, Damiell, Timothy Davis, Day, Dcun, De Witt,
Dickson, Dodd, Dmfee, Edie, Oniric, Fiagler, Galloway,
Giddimjs, Gilbeit, Granger, Grow, Robert B. Hall, Hailan,
Holloway, Tnomas U. Horton, Valentine B. Horton, How-
aid, Hu^bston, Kelsev, Kmx, Knapp, Knight, Knowlton,
Kn* x, Loiter. Mace, Matteson, McOarty, Meaeham, Kil-
lian Miller, Moigan, Momll, Mott, Nichols, Norton, An-
diow Ohvei, Faiker, Peaice, Pulton, Pennington, Pettit,
Pike, Ptht'tle, Purviance, Ritchie, Bobbins, Roberts, Robi-
sou, Sabm, Sage, Sapp, Sherman, Simmons, Spinner,
Stanton, Stianahan, Tappan, Thoiinsjton, Thurston, Todd,
Trafton^ Tjson, Wade, Wakoman, Walbiidgc, Wnldron,
Cadwaladei C Wa<hburue. Elbhn B. Washburne, Israel
Wa<nburn, Watson, Welch, Wood, Woodruff, and Wood-
woi til.
For Mr. Richanhon —Messrs. Aiken, Allen, Barclay,
Barksdale, Bell, Ilendley S. Bennett, Bocock, Bowie,
Bovee, Branch, Burnett, C-ulwalader. Caruthers, Caskie,
Chngman, Howell Cobb, Williamson R. W. Cobb, David-
son, Denver, Dowdeil, Edmundson, Elliott, English,
Faulkner, Florence, Thomas J. D. Fuller, Goode, Gieen-
wood, Augustus Hall, Sampson W. Harris, Thomas L.
Il.mi^, Unbeit, llickman, Houston, Jewett, George W.
Joimn, Keitt, Kellv, Kidwell, Letchei, Lumpkin, Samuel
S. Marshall, Maxwell, McMulhn, McQueen, Smith Miller,
Million, Moideeai Oliver, Orr, Peck, Phelps, Powell, Ctuit-
man, Rutliii, Ituct, Sandidjje, Savage, Samuel A. Smith,
William Smith. Stephens, Stewart, Talbott, Taylor, Vail,
Warnei, Watkins, Winslow, Daniel B. Wright, and John
V. Wrijrht.
For Mr. Fuller—Messrs. John P. Campbell, Carhle, Cox,
Culltm, Henry Winter Davis, Elbe ridge, Eustis, Evans,
Foster, J. Monison Harris, Hoffman, Kcmit;tt, Lake,
Lnullcv, Alexander K. Maishall, Humphrey Marshall,
Millward, Pamo, Porter, Puryear, Ileade, Ready, Ricaud,
Riveis, William It. Smith, Sneed, Swope, Trippe, Under-
wood, Valiv, Whitney, and ZollicofFer.
For Mr. J?enni gfo,i—Mes«rs. Bishop, Dunn, Edwards,
Harrison, Haven, Moore, and Scott.
For Mr. Wilhatas—Mr. Wheeler.
For Mr. Carulhcrs—M>*. Richardson.
For Mr. Porter—Mr. Heniy M. Fuller.
For Mr. Brnnclt—Mv. Brenton.
For Mr. Orr—Mr. Williams.
Mr. BROOKS (when his name was called)
stated that he had paired off with Mr. Murray,
of New York, who was absent from the city.
Mr. LTNDLEY (when his name was called)
said: Mr. Clerk, if it is not out of order I would
submit a few remarks. I did not expect that I
would, at any time, be compelled to make to the
House and my constituents an explanation of
the reason why I have been casting my vote as X
have since I came here. Nor would "I now say
one word, were it not for thr fact that 1 have, this
moinimr, been reading the published speech of
my friend and colleague, Mr. Caruthers^ That
speech forces me to say something in vindica-
tion of the course which I have pursued in this
contest. That spcech, as well as other docu-
ments, I am informed, is to be published in the
city press of St. Louis, and will go to Missouri-—
to my district; and it becomes me, sir—I owe it
to myself—to say something in that connection.
Had my colleague been satisfied to state the
reasons of his vote for the Administration candi-
date—had he taken the position _ that there will
! shortly be but two great parties in the country,
j and that he must necessarily, from his expressed
