1856.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
201
34th Cong.... 1st Sess.
Kansas Affairs—Mr. Trumbull.
Senate.
all the States ? What has it to do -with the equal-
ity of right between New York and Ohio, Illinois
and Georgia ? Still, that is the object which is
avowed, to preserve equality among the States,
and that " notwithstanding the restriction con-
tained in the eighth section of the act of the 6th
of March, 1820, preparatory to the admission of
Missouri into the Union, which assumed to deny
to the people forever the right to settle the ques-
tion of slavery for themselves, provided they
should make their homes and organize States
north of 36° 30' north latitude." Did the eighth
section of the act preparatory to the admission of
Missouri into the Union assume what is here
charged ? That provision, in my judgment, has
been very much misunderstood. It is a provision
relating to the " tenitorri" north of 36° 30' north
latitude, and not to the States to be formed out of
it. I have not the provision before me, but I
know that it provides substantially, that "in all
that territory" north of 36° 30', slavery shall be
forever proKibited. The word " forever" occurs
in it; and that word seems to be very potent
in the estimation of some gentlemen; but, like
the word " hereafter," or any other word used
in a law in reference to a Territory, it ceases to
have effect whenever the Territory ceases to exist.
After the Territory is admitted into the Union as
a State, the laws provided for its government
while a Territory become nugatory, unless some
provision be made for their continuance. (
It is conceded by all, that any of the old States
may abolish or establish slavery at pleasure; and,
as a new State is admitted into the Union on an
eaual footing with the original States, it has, when ,
admitted, the same right, whether there had been '
an inhibition against slavery while it was a Ter-
ritory or not. The Missouri compromise would
therefore have an end as fast as the territory-
north of 36° 30' was formed into States and ad-
mitted into the Union. The provision applies
in terms to the " territory," ana not to the States
which might afterwards be formed out of that
territory. The constant attempt to make prom-
inent the equality of the States, as if somebody
doubted it, and to assimilate States to Territories,
is only calculuted to confuse the mind. It is desir-
able that the people of the South should under- i
stand that there is no disposition in the North to ,
interfere with the rights of the people in any State !
of this Union in reference to slavery. They
should cease to believe that there is any consid-
erable number of persons entertaining such a sen- ;
timent; for I leave out of my remarks that little
fraction of fanatics, some of whom may be found
both North and South, who are hostile to the
Union of the States, who bear no considerable
proportion to the people of this Union, North or
South, and with whose disorganizing schemes
the great mass of those who are to-day opposing
the spread of slavery have no more sympathy
than the slaveholders themselves.
Mr. TOUCEY. Will the Senator allow me
to ask him a question for information ?
Mr. TRUMBULL. Certainly.
Mr. TOUCEY. I wish to ask the Senator
whether, in his opinion, a restriction of that kind
can be imposed on a new State as a condition of
admission into the Union ?
Mr. TRUMBULL. I shall be very happy to
answer the Senator. The propriety of admitting
a State into the Union is to be determined when
that State makes application for admission. It is
not an absolute rignt. Congress is not bound to
admit into the Union every new State which pre-
sents a republican constitution, whether tolerating
slavery or containing a provision prohibiting it.
It is a matter to be decided under the circum-
stances existing at the time; and if ever an appli-
cation shall be made while I have the honor to
hold a seat here, either by a State presenting a
free or a slave constitution, and I shall believe
that the admission of such State into this Union
will seriously endanger its existence, I will never
give my vote for its admission. If Utah, with her
plurality wife system, and other obnoxious pro-
visions in her constitution, tending in my judg-
ment to sap the foundations of our institutions if
admitted to an equal heritage with us, should ask
admission, Congress would have the right, as I
conceive, to refuse it until the obnoxious pro-
visions were stricken out.
In advocating these views I am committing no
body but myself, for I am not speaking for any
political organization in the country. I would
not undertake to speak for Senators on the oppo-
site side of this Chamber, although from child-
hood up I have always maintained, to the extent
of my ability, Democratic principles, and sus-
tained Democratic men. I have done so on prin-
ciple, believing the policy of the Democratic
party best for the interests of the country. I
never was one of those, however, who supported
a measure without examination, merely because
it was proposed by political friends ; or con-
demned it without investigation, simply because
it came from a political opponent. Having, my-
self, been united with none of the new parties
of the day, whether they be called Republican or
American, or by any other name—having been
associated with no political organization in my
life, public or private, except the Democratic
party, it will not be understood that, in the views
| which I advance, I profess to speak for any-
body except for myself and the constituency I,
in part, represent.
Another branch of this report to which I desire
to call attention is in these words:
" In obedience to the Constitution, the Kansas- Nebraska
act declared, in the precise language of the compromise
measures of 1850. that' when admitted as a State, the said
' Territory, or any portion of the same, shall be received into
' the Union with or without slavery, as their constitution
' may prescribe at the time of their admission.' "
From this clause, which has no practical effect
whatever, either in the compromise measures of
1850, or the Kansas-Nebraska act, it has been
contended that the compromise measures of 1850
were inconsistent with the compromise of 1820.
I deny the position. There is no inconsistency
between them. The Missouri compromise, as
already shown, did not prevent the admission of
a State irto the Union with or without slavery,
as its constitution might prescribe at the time of
its admission. The clause incorporated into the
Kansas-Nebraska act does not have the effect to
bring a State into the Union, either with or with-
out slavery, or to bind any future Congress to do
, so. Congress will act on that question when it
arises. When Kansas shall present herself with
i a constitution, either est&blisning or prohibiting
| slavery, is there any Senator who will consider
1 himself bound by a declaratory provision inserted
in the act organizing her territorial government ?
I presume not. This report concludes with the
recommendation of the passage of a bill to enable
the people of Kansas to form a State government.
Is it not competent for Congress, if it should
' think proper, to insert in that bill a provision that
this particular clause shall be repealed, or to insert
i a clause, that slavery shall not exist in Kansas
while a Territory?
The assumption, then, that the clause which I
have cited, and which was inserted in the terri-
torial acts of 1850, is inconsistent with the Mis-
souri compromise, is not maintainable unless you
say that the Missouri compromise, prohibiting
slavery in a Territory, is to nave effect after that
Territory becomes a State, which I deny. This
report proceeds to quote further from the Kansas-
Nebraska act, as follows:
" It being the true intent and meaning of this act not to
legislate slavery into any State or Territory, nor to exclude
it therefrom, but to leave the people thereof perfectly free
to form and regulate their domestic institutions in their own
way, subject only to the Constitution of the United States."
Why thrust into this provision the word State ?
as if there were somebody in the country who
wanted Congress to legislate slavery into a State
or out of a State? No person, as far as I know,
maintains such a position; and it is well known
that this clause in the Kansas-Nebraska act,
couched in the language in which it is, has given
rise to various constructions in different parts of
the Union. I believe it is the universal under-
standing with southern ipen, that under this pro-
vision they have a right to go with their slaves
into the Territory of Kansas, and hold them there
as such. A majority of those who voted for the
Kansas-Nebraska act, and who carried it through
Congress, understand that the moment the Mis-
souri compromise was repealed those Territories
were open to the admission of slavery. This has
been the practical operation of the law. I have
in my possession the proceedings of a mass meet-
ing held in the Territory of Kansas, as early as
September, 1854, before any Territorial Legisla-
ture convened, and of course before there was any
legislative action in the Territory on the subject of
slavery. Among their resolutions I find these,
indorsing the principles of the Kansas squatter
society:
" That Kansas Territory, and as a consequence the Stat#
of Kansas, of right should be, and therefore shall be, slave
territory.
" We hereby declare that, as this [squatters'} society
embraces nine tenths of the present settlers of this Terri-
tory, we are entitled to, and will exercise the right of ex-
pelling from the Territory, or otherwise punishing, any in-
dividual or individuals who may come among us and by act,
conspiracy, or other illegal means, entice away, our slaves,
or clandestinely attempt in any way or form to affect our
rights of property in the same."
How did it happen that there were slaves in
the Territory at that early day, and that nine
tenths of the settlers should resolve to expel from
the Territory any individual who should attempt
to affect their right of property in the same, un-
less, in the absence of any local law on the subject,
the pro-slavery party supposed they had a right
to hold slaves in the Territory ? This action of
the squatters' society took place before the first
emigrants who went to Kansas under the patron-
age of the emigrant aid society had arrived in the
Territory, and shows, not only the construction
the squatters' society put on the Kansas-Nebraska
act, but a fixed determination, from the outset, to
force slavery into Kansas by violence.
I am aware that the Kansas act was differently
understood in some other parts of the Union.
The distinguished Senator from Michigan [Mr.
Cass] believes, if I understand his position cor-
rectly, that slavery cannot exist without a mu-
nicipal law to protect it; and that, in the absence
! of any local law on the subject, slavery cannot
, legally exist ifi any of our Territories. That
! was the doctrine of the whole country a few years
ago. The committee have not thought proper to
tell us, in this lengthy report, whether it is the
doctrine now. Such was formerly the law, South
] as well as North. I wish to read an extract, not
; however from this report, which I have taken
: upon this subject. It is this:
{ " The relation of owner and slave is, in the States of the
. Union in which it has legal existence, a creature of muni-
; cipa] law. Although, perhaps, in none of them a statute in-
i troducing it as to the blacks can be produced, it is believed
' that in all, statutes were passed for regulating and dissolving
i it."
I Here is a direct assertion that slavery in the
! States where it exists is a creature of municipal
I law; and from what source do you suppose it
| comes? Probably the "NewEngland Emigrant
1 Aid Society" have advanced that opinion. No,
sir; it is the doctrine promulgated in the State of
Louisiana by its Supreme Court, (14 Martin's
Louisiana Reports, 401.) Again, I read from an-
other decision:
" Slavery is condemned by reason and the laws of na-
ture ; it exists, and can only exist, through municipal regu-
lations."
Whence do you suppose this sentiment comes,
which, if promulgated in Kansas, would subject
its author to punishment? It was proclaimed
as law by the courts of Mississippi, and is to
be found in 1 Walker's Mississippi Reports, at
page 36. I could detain the Senate for hours in
reading from the opinions of courts in various
sections of the Union, establishing this same prin-
ciple; but a change has occurred. The entire
South, so far as I know, and some even in the
North, now repudiate the doctrine, and those who
still adhere to it are stigmatized by many as Ab-
olitionists. This is an evidence of the advance
which pro-slavery sentiments are making in the
country.
But, sir, the Kansas-Nebraska act is under-
stood differently in different sections of the Union,
in another respect. In the North, it is very gen-
erally insisted, that under that act the Territorial
Legislature has the right to establish or abolish
slavery; but, in the South, that position is con-
troverted. The assumption is now put forth that
slavery, by virtue of the Constitution of the United
States, may lawfully exist in the Territories, and
that the Territorial Legislatures have no power to
exclude it.
The Kansas-Nebraska act, having, as has been
shown, no fixed and certain principle, but subject
