stiar
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 11,
opinions and the views of the people he repre-
sents, for the present support the Administration
candidate—had he been satisfied with that defini-
tion of his position, I would never have said a
word in rejoinder. But when, in addition, he
undertakes to attack the gentleman for whom I
am and have been voting—when he asserts that
that gentleman is unsound in his views in respect
to the interests and institutions of the region of
country which I have the honor-in part to repre-
sent, it behooves me to say something- in response.
The gentleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Ful-
ler J who" is before the House as a candidate
for the speakership, and for whom I have been
voting, has received my vote because I regarded
him as conservative, and in favor of the great com-
promise measures which were made and passed
for the peace of the country. The men who rally
around and vote for that gentleman, and the scat-
tering votes, exhibit more moral courage than
any others in this Hall. They are the only men
here who battle against sectional parties; and the
existence of this controversy requires that we
should still stand by him, and that the scattering
votes should stilf continue to stand by their posi-
tion, until we can organize on a national basis.
I am not willing to vote for the gentleman from
Massachusetts, [Mr. Banks,j nor for the gentle-
man from Illinois, [Mr. Richardson,] on account
of the positions which they occupy. I vote for
the gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. FullerJ
becausc ho is conservative, and opposed to oil
sectionalism.
In order to answer my colleague's remarks, I
will allude to that part of it where he gives his
reasons for not voting for Mr. Fuller. First,
the ghost of the murdered Wright comes up be-
fore him. He cannot vote for jMi\ Fur.Lr.it because
Mr. Fuller conn's here as the successor of Mr.
Wri°ht. Mr. Fullj.r defeated Mr. "Wrn;ht, a
gentleman who, my collcngue said, stood linnly
on the Nebraska bill when, during the last Con-
gress, the Nebraska fight was at its crisis. There-
fore it was that he could not vote for Mr. Firj.i.r.r.
Sir, it was not on the Ni hnuska issue lh.it Mr.
Fuller defeated Mr. "Wright; for I am well in-
formed that the Nebraska candidate for Governor
beat his competitor in that very district. There
was something else besides that issue entering
into the canvass.
But again, sir, Mr. Fulliir is next attacked
because he "sotcs for a fr^ud of his from tin'
North, Mr. Pknnjngton, who was guilty, during
the last Congress, of voting for a motion to
suspend the rales to enable o gentleman from
Massachusetts to introduce a hill for the repeal
of the fugitive slave law. Sir.in votmgfor north-
ern men, I do not require that they shall out
olf every man who does jiot pgree exacrly with
them m politics. A.11 i usU of the northern
man for whrm I cast my vote is, ihat he shall
plant himself upon principle;* that are eon.seiva-
tive, and guaranty to the tfouih nil her ri' htn,
both in the SUit".=5 and in the Territories; and if
lie doc53 that, lie may vote for whom he pleases.
T should hold a southern mmi to strict, re>ponsi-
biiity; but cannot expect nonhem men to leave
personal friends on account of political tenets 111
which they fee] no de-p interest. All [ask is,
that he be right in principle. liutif my eolleeirue
is correct m his argument, I ask Jum wiiere stands
his own candidates Mr. 11icii\rdsunt, of Illinois?
That gentleman, sir, has voted to extend the Mis-
souri compiomise to the Fncilk, and he 1ms voted
for those obnoxious lXhtrictionM in the Oregon
bill. I-Je is here also upon this floor easfnr; Uis
vote for Mr. Thomas 3. 1). Fitllf.k and ether
northern gentlemen who in the last Congress op-
posed the Nebraska bill. If, therefore, the fact
of voting for Mr. Henry M. Fuller, by going
to the third and fourth derive of vonng, makes
me vote m a tiufcreut way troin what 1 am on the
record, it convicts iny friend also of voting against
the Nebraska bill. But I consider that there is
noiliino in that process of argument; and neither
Richardson nor Fitlllii aJoot the votes or ac-
tion of every man for whom they cast compli-
mentary volL'S; for neither 1ms voted for any
man uho had any chance of election. I have
always been in the habit of voting for Democrats
who were my friends, but 1 did not consider my-
self as thereby adopting all the votes they ever
gave.
But I consider that Mr. Richardson is quite as
obnoxious as Mr. Fuller to the charge of voting
for northern men who were opposed to the Ne-
braska bill. AU that I desire is, that my candi-
date shall stand upon correct principles. And
what are the declarations of Mr. Fuller? My
colleague, [Mr. Caruthers,] and another col-
league, [Mr. Oliver,] who tells me he has writ-
ten letters to Missouri for publication on the sub-
ject, giving his reasons for voting for Richardson,
and no other candidate, give a dilferent exposition
to those declarations than the one given by the
gentleman who propounded the questions. Mr.
Fuller was asked if he was in favor of a restora-
tion of the Missouri compromise, and his reply
was, that if it could be restored he would be m
favor of it, but that, under the circumstances by
which we are surrounded, he would vote against
it. "We have his declarations here, and those
declarations should be so construed as to be con-
sistent with one another. He has a right to
put his own construction on them, and it is this:
not that he is afraid of the Executive, or of the
Senate, but that it is morally impossible to restore
the Missouri compromise, because it is morally
impossible to restore the country to the condition
m which it was when that compromise was in-
terfered with by the pussyge of the Kansas-Ne-
braska bill. lie meant that he would go for its
restoration if you could change time, and roll it
back upon its axis, and bring the country, in every
respect, to the condition hi which it was before
the passage of that bill; but he never has said,
and he never will say, that he is m favor of re-
enacting the Missouri compromise. That is the
construction which my colleagues put on his dec-
laration. They make him say that he would
reenact it if it were possible, whereas he has con-
tinually said, that he would not reenact it if it
were possible. Rir, the day after he made that
declaration, the Washington Union came out and
complimented Mr. Fuller very highly, and said
that he had taken a very right position. It speaks
ns follows:
"i'Jr. I'Vt.i.kr's Speech—The feature of yesterday's
debate w:i- unquestionabl} the speech of the Hon. UknryM.
FuUiii-R, of Much inteio:>t has been full as
t<> the positmn of Uus gentleman, inasmuch a<, while he
w.i< -put ionvaui by the southern Know Nothings as an
eminently national man,he iceeived during the cm !y stages
oI't'jo ballotim*,-* fie von > of some of the most d^oukd anti-
iVebia^ka men ofuU'Noith. The cla-~sot southern Know
Koih.iitjx v> ho have milled mound Mr. Fullfr, Muhngtliat
their \ e-Ciwn was becoming uneomfoitablc, in view of the
roeent mud'' by the d.Heicnt and ddfeimjjsupoorteis, of th'it
utleman. x-vrmed ;n have deffiiiniied to h.evc lu-s senti-
ment* on the • i.e. en .]u<--.rio<i clearly understood. With a
\ ;e\V to metric the uiiUcuitv, no doubt. . IVlli it yei-terday
ad-ho^-ed the Hou«e, and in a Unf speech or <rr.'Ui <>(.oil
sense and excellent tempt r he dchned his po.ution. which,
including his piompt response to Mr. Peiicy Walker, of the
Mobile cir-tuci, may be ^limned up as follow?: Acquies-
cence in the legislation of Congress on the Nebraska bill
as a (mill settlement of that quohon on the principle, of
popular sovereignty, and adi.-unet refusal to as«>thi in re-
f-toung the Mi^ouu eomproue.se. ft'e heard this avowal
with much p'eaMirc, and desiic, here and now, to express
mu  h.!uks to intn wr the mvoluntary tnbute which he paid
to ",re.tt I>« moeiatic puneiple.
ik Mi. Kru.ru, however, did not say that he wa<! willing
to apply the pimciplc of tne Nebraska bill in tlio m gamza--
t'on ot'an\ nitine TcnitOiU's, noi i-. it nudeistood that he
:-epai sited 'j om the Know Nothing party, beu** eon who<e
uiicouf-tsluonnul tc<ts and oaths an<i 1 tic Democratic paity
tii'M" 1-, an nnpas-abie «ulf. Jhn he has done nobly and
well thmuh,; 1 wo P-iv mlv hope that, when he «hail
-e'1 that n.'>nliern Know iVoticnyi^ni and Abolitionism are
ahsjo^t svnom nioii- tejmf, and when he fcjiall realize, as
lie douNto^5- ^ 11 i teaii/.e, and that very t-oou, tint the prm-
< ipie of I be >Jcbi<i -ka bdl irf lb'.- only one that ean reeoncilc
funi'-e di-.putcsomhe (juestionof i-lavervm the Te, iitones,
he wdl complete the aood woik by tdkicy his stand undei
the liag of the Dernooacy, and >o most Uuly ami ludy rep-
resent hiA own im:neduCG cousuUientd and the national
sentiment, of the American people."
HvTr. Ch'rk, Mr. Fuller's position is sufficient
for me. It vindicates me at home, and vindicates
every southern man who has voted for him. His
own colleagues who are opposed to the Nebraska
bill Ir-ive denounced him on this floor for the posi-
tion he has t^ken here in favor of southern lights.
My colleague, Mr. Caruthers, in the speech
which he made during the last Congress on the
Kansas bill, said that he was satisfied that it was
a southern measure, because northern vsentimimt
was opposed to if, and on the same ground these
denunciations of Mr. Fuller arc evidence of his
soundness upon these questions.
The position of the gentleman in regard to the
Territories is this: that the Territories belong to
all the States, and that the people of all the States
have a right to go into those Territories with what-
erer property they may have that is recognized as
property in any State in this Union. That is a
broad principle, and one upon which we can all
stand. I read from the Congressional Globe:
"Mr. Puller, of Pennsylvania. Mr. Clerk, I am not
i© the habit of being very much disturbed by what may be
sstaijither for or against me; but, inasmuch as it was intnn-
atq^tbis morning by one of my colleagues that my posi-
tion was misunderstood, I desire to avail myself of this
opportunity, with the indulgence of gentlemen of the
House, to declare fully and frankly what my relauons are,
" It is conceded, I believe, that the difficulty winch lies
at the foundation of all out troubles is the one question of
slavery. I desiie to declare I am opposed to the present
agitation of the subject of slavery, for the reason that, iu
my humble judgment, no possible good can result fiom
that agitation in the present cxcited state of public feeling.
Chi the eoutiary, that all discussion upon this subject must
now result, as it ever has heretofore resulted, in evil and
mischief; cieat,nig popular discontent, individual distrust,
sectional alienation and division. 1 am willing, therefore,
to leave this question of slave)y whore the Constitution of
the country has left it. [applause.] with the people who
toloiate it, to eontio], regulate, and determine for them-
selv^f,. [Renewed applaud.] 1 shall not uioddle or inter-
fere with the subject. I will do nothing to disturb any
existing relations. If n he an ev:l, it is their evil; if it be a
blessing, it j? then* blowing. X make no aggressions upon
tbe rights oi feelings of any man, or of any section; nor
will I submit to any invasion of mine.
" With respect to past legislation theie is an honest differ-
ence of opinion. I suppiut'5d th° compromise measures
of 1850; and was willing to regaid them a finality. T should
have opposed the legislation of the last Congress; I do not
indorse u now. Believing that agitation then, as agitation
now. could result in no public good, and Uavmir in view the
public peace and tbe public weit'aic, I am willing that the
past should buiy us own dead, and desire, foigetting former
orlenses, to unite with my fellow-citizens everywhere m a
patriotic effort to bring rjack the country to that state of
j yoodteehn^ and social haimony which on6e existed, and
ought never to have been disturbed. I believe that there
("in be uo doubt with rcgatd to my sentiments on this sub-
jt et. if fiiere lie, 1 am w i!lm<r to stand up ocfore tins ^reat
inquisition, and submit myself to the mterroyaioues of the
grand mqur-ito^. [Appbiu^e.]
" ."Ui. tfiiERMA nt. I desne to a*k the gentleman one ques-
tion. I do so lor the purpose of mfoiniation. Would you
be willing to allow the institution of slavery to obtain an
advantage, nr be extended, by reason of the repeal of the
Mji-.-omi eompioinnje? i put the question, to the gentleman
with the neatest respcct.
u Mr. Fu.M.mi. Andl will respectfully answer it. I will
leave the matter to tlie people. [Applause.]
"Mr. Shfrman. What people?
"jYlr. FLiiLKK. The people who are to be immediately
affected by it. l\ Kaiwawoud ■ wi-h to be distinctly uu-
deMootl—presents heiself for admission into the Union, I
shall vote (or her admission without reference to the ques-
tion of fbivery.
"[This fcntunent was gieeted by clapping of hands,
and cii"s of 4 Good I'J
M . ^ age. Wouid you vote for the repeal of the Mis-
souri eompionnao?
" Mr. Fi'llfr. I have said that 1 do not seek to distuib
that question. If the Miosoun compromise can be icstoied
I \voukl niort certainly be m favoi of its restoration ; but ni
view of the ditfienlties which sunound that question, and
must defeat your eiioits, i say tliat I am opposed to the
agnation ot the question.
"Mr. Walkpr. Before I east my vote, I desire to ask
the gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. Flllfr] the ques-
tion which was propounded to him by the gentleman on the
oppok iie side of the House, 1'iom th** State of New York,
[Mi. Saok.J Th<j que-ttion is this: whether he would vote
for the lept-al of the Kansas-Nebraska act? or, to use the
language of the gentleman from New York, wouid lie vote
for tbe restoration of the Mi^ouii compromise, with the
reduction as to the line, oi not, if that question weic mtio-
duced? *
" Mr, FnLi.rR. I stated that if I had been a member of
the iTJt Congte^Q, I should have voted a«ram&t the tejrito-
lial ic.n.-iation of that Congress. But I am willing now to
resist agitation, and ahidi by the laws as theyaic; and,
ie-siMing Hgitation, 3 shall vote against it. And now, Mr.
Clerk, and hdlovv-citizens, I have one word more to say.
I have been charged with being an obstacle m tlie way of
ihe organization of tins body. My position, humble as it i ,
has been magnified into this importance, f never dchticd,
and have not expected, an election. I have neither a,?ked
for, nor declined it. I have given no pledges to obtain it.
Giatetnl. indeed, I .am for the expresfiont? of confidence
and of kindness which I have leecwcd; but I should be
vastly more pleased it the suffrages which have been civen
to me shoihd be cast for an abler and a worihiei man."
The CLERK. The gentleman's time has ex-
pired. [Cries of " Go on !"]
Mr. KEinNETT. I hope my colleague will
bo allowed to o;o on.
The CLERK. If there be no objection, the
gentleman can proceed.
Mr. TUORINGTON. I object.
The CLERK. Objection being made, the gen-
tleman eaonot proceed.
Mr. OLIVER, of Missouri. I hope an oppor-
tunity will be allowed to my colleague to complete
bis remarks. I move that he be permitted to go
on.
The CLERK. The Clerk would say to the
gentleman from Missouri, that such a motion is
not in order, inasmuch as the resolution of the
House prohibits longer debate than ten minutes,
ifthqrc is objection.
