938
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 17,
although it came into power upon these anti-sla-
very issues, it dare not now make one of them
before the country. It is said that the commit-
tees have been so organized that each one of
these issues will be strangled in their grasp, and,
if ushered into life, it will be by some Csesarean
operation, and after Congress adjourns, and the
presidential election waxes warm.
Sir, I do not rely upon rumor, but these things
have been said, and the action of the Black Re-
publican party here lends plausibility to the state-
ments. What issues have they broughtpractically
before us? Not one. They have only instituted
a vagrant commission to gather up floating rumors
two thousand miles off, and this only to determine
whether a territorial Delegate, with the certificate
of election, shall keep his seat. Has Black Re-
publican zeal come to this complexion? I ask
members of that party here, if they mean to
shirk these issues, or meet them sincerely and
fairly? You have said, and you say now, that
the country is with you. If this be so, and your
convictions of duty and policy are honest, why,
make these issues boldly, and go before the
country upon them. It has been said, also, that
your political managers are afraid to put your
banner into the hands of any one of your known
leaders; and that they are mousing about m search
of some candidate of supple principles, and with
no antecedents of his own. Have your loaders
been crippled in the Kansas-Nebraska straggles;
and are they thereby disabled from active ser-
vice ? Fear you the lightning of public indigna-
tion against them because of their principles ?
And seek you " availability" as a conductor to
draw off the electricity, and save you from being
blasted? Will you, or daie you, make your
issues boldly, and put your flag into the hands
of any one of your leaders who carried it in the
Nebraska figlit? Sir, despite your boasts and
bravado, I believe you will shrink from your
issues, and, through cringing, crawl to the con-
summation of your objects. You will attempt
to get power under " false pretenses." Do you
not know you will do this ? [Laughter.] These
issues are not to be met by laughter, however
advisable it may be to shirk them by a subterfuge.
I wish to tell membei s who attempt thus to shuiile
off their responsibility and manhood that, when
titillations of sense are made the test of argument,
the clown becomes (he greatest reasoner. I recur,
sir, to the inquiry 1 have just made. Will, or
dare, the Black Republican party make its issues
boldly, and meet them manfully? And will it
dare to put its flag into the hands of a leader
whose principles and character arc known?
Sir, it is time that northern fanaticism and the
obligations of the Constitution should confront
each other directly and broadly. Tins Confed-
eracy is too large to be administered upon pat-
ronage; it must be administered upon principles.
That party which masks its principles, and ob-
tains the control of the Government throush
indirection, is guilty of fraud and dishonesty.
In the next presidential election what is to be
struggled for? The mere patronage of the Gov-
ernment and the tinsel of station?—or those great
principles of constitutional construction, and of
public policy, through which alone the Govern-
ment can be munificently administered ? If the
former, what interest has the South in the success
of any party ? None—none whatever. The Dem-
ocratic party may succeed, and will succeed, even
if the struggle be only for patronage and place.
With three hundred millions of spoils as the stake,
and with the prestige of victory upon its brow,
it will succeed, even in such a struggle; but the
laurels of success would be withered, and the
spoils of triumph would be stained. Sir, the in-
terest of the South begins when the Democratic
party has triumphed. Her interest is m the prin-
ciples upon which the Government will be admin-
istered, and not m the profits of place, or the
plumage of authority. If the Democratic party
evades or avoids the issues which the Black Re-
publican party have tendered, or if it slurs them
over through a candidate, available because the
enemy have aimed no arrows at his shield, then
the South has no interest in the success of the
Democraticparty. If the Democratic party should
put its banner into the hands of a man who will
gam anti-Nebraska votes, either because of Ins
wary silence, or his absence from the field of fight,
then no principle will be decided, and the South
can have no material interest in its success. Let
the Democratic party do this, and the deserters
from it will come back as spies. Good faith re-
quires that each party should join issue fairly,
and then should place its standard in the hands
of a leader who wears the scars of the conflict,
and has the smoke of battle around him.
The second point in the indictment of the mem-
ber from Ohio is the extravagant expenditure of
the public money. It is true, sir; but all parties
are guilty. The member from Ohio and his
party are in the opposition, and the opposition is
in the majority. They are liable for extravagant
expenditures, for they can now control them. Sir,
extravagant expenditure has become the evil not
of party, but of the administration of your Gov-
ernment. You have burst the bands which once
compressed it within its legitimate sphere, and
you have aggrandized it into extravagance. All
parties will be liable to the charge. Will the
Black Republican party escape ? The only effec-
tive restraint upon extravagant expenditures of
the public money is a strict construction of the
Constitution. How stands this party upon this
point? Why, sir, it has debauched and prosti-
tuted compacts, until it sees nothing sacred in
vested rights, and looks only to the licentious dis-
cretion of an aggressive and ruthless majority.
It feels that " constitutions hold flies, while spid-
ers breakthrough." Put the Government into
its hands, and oil limitations upon the power of
the majority will be broken down, and the wild-
est ana most recklcss extravagance will usurp
the place of economy.
I renew the motion to lay the motion to recon-
sider upon the table.
Mr. STANTON. I hope the gentleman from
South Carolina will permit me to answer his in-
quiries ?
Mr. KEITT. I have no control over the mo-
tion to lay on the table. It is the motion of the
gentleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr. R\rci.ay.]
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. 1 ask the gentle-
man from Pennsylvania to withdraw that motion.
Two or three sides of the House have been heard.
The SPEAKER. It is the motion of the gen-
tleman from South Carolina. The gentleman
from Pennsylvania has no property in it.
Mr. KEITT. I will withdraw the motion if
the gentleman from Pennsylvania agrees to my
doing so.
Mr. BARCLAY. I cannot agree to any such
thing.
Mr. KEITT. Then I do not withdraw it. I
would, myself, cheerfully withdraw the motion,
but I got the floor from the gentleman from Penn-
sylvania on the condition that 1 should renew his
motion; and, as he insists upon it, I feel bound
to 'do so, but I will vote against it.
Mr. G1DD1NGS. 1 wish to make an appeal
to the chivalry of the gentleman from South Car-
olinn to withdraw his motion.
Mr. KEITT. I have stated to the House that
I got the floor from the gentleman from Pennsyl-
vania on the express condition that I would re-
new his motion to lay the motion to reconsider
on the table; and I stated that 1 would withdraw
it if he would allow me. But he declines to allow
me to withdraw it. And 1 then said, that, as I had
submitted my views, I would vote against the
motion to lay on the table, so as to allow other
gentlemen to submit their views.
Mr. GALLOWAY, i move that the House
do now adjourn.
The question was taken; and the motion was
not agreed to.
Mr. STANTON. Will the gentleman from
Pennsylvania withdraw that motion for a few
moments, to permit me to reply?
The SPEAKER. It is not in the power of the
gentleman from Pennsylvania to do so. The
motion is that of the gentleman from South Car-
olina.
Mr. COBB, of Georgia, called for tellers.
Mr. SMITH, of'Virginia. I think we may as
well have the yeas and nays on it. 1 call for
them.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Perry and
Cobb, of Georgia, were appointed.
The House was divided; and the tellers re-
: ported—ayes 71, noes 51. ,
! So the motion to reconsider was laid on the .
i table. j
And then, on motion of Mr. FLORENCE, (at
twenty-five minutes to four o'clock,) the House
adjourned till to-morrow at twelve o'clock, m.
IN SENATE,
Thursday, JSpril 17, 1856.
Prayer by Rev. Daniel Waldo, Chaplain of
the House of Representatives.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore appointed
Messrs. Adams, Foot, and Stuart, the select
committee to revise the rules of the Senate, under
the resolution adopted on Tuesday last.
ENROLLED BILL SIGNED.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore signed the en-
rolled bill (S. No. 79) for the relief of Jacob
Dodson.
MILITARY ACADEMY BILL.
A message was received from the House of
Representatives, by Mr. Barclay, Assistant
Clerk, informing the Senate that the House in-
sisted on their disagreement to the third amend-
ment of the Senate to the bill of the House
making appropriations for the support of the
Military Academy for the year ending June 30,
1857, and asked for a conference on the disagree-
ing votes of the two Houses; and that Mr. PiiELrs
of Missouri, Mr. Sapp of Ohio, and Mr. Davis
of Maryland, were the committee on the part of
the House of Representatives.
On motion of Mr. HUNTER, the Senate agreed
to the conference asked by the House of Repre-
sentatives.
Mr. Hunter, Mr. Welleu, and Mr. Jones
of Tennessee, were appointed the committee on
the part of the Senate.
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS.
Mr. HUNTER presented a memorial of clerks
in the General Land Office, praying that the num-
ber of clerks m that office, of the fourth class,
may be increased; which was referred to the
Committee on Finance.
Mr. BROWN presented a petition of citizens
of Washington and owners of property lying on
Pennsylvania avenue, in said city, between the
Capitol and Eleventh street east, praying that an
appropriation may be made for surveying and
grading that avenue between the points named;
which was referred to the Committee on the Dis-
trict of Columbia.
! Mr. IVERSON presented resolutions of the
! Legislature of Georgia, in favor of the establish-
ment of a naval depot at the port of Brunswick,
; that State; which were referred to the Com-
i mittee on Naval Affairs.
| Mr. JONES, of Tennessee, presented thepeti-
1 tion of James Shackelford and others, temporary
' watchmen at the Washington navy-yard, ap-
pointed to guard the steamer Minnesota while
being constructed at that yard, praying to be
allowed additional compensation; whicn was
referred to the Committee on Naval Affairs.
PAPERS WITHDRAWN AND REFERRED.
On motion of Mr. HUNTER, it was
Ordered, That thf> petition of J. F. Caldwell, on the files
of the Senate, be lofened to the Committee on the Post
Office and Post Roads.
On motion of Mr. RUSK, it was
Ordered, That the petition of A/a Arnold, on the files of
the Senate, be leferred to the Committee on Patents and
the Patent Officc.
REPORT FROM A COMMITTEE.
Mr. ALLEN, from the Committee on the Dis-
trict of Columbia, to whom was referred the peti-
tion of the Merchants' Exchange of the District
of Columbia, reported a bill (S. No. 2o4) to incor-
porate the Merchants and Mechanics' Bank of
Washington, District of Columbia; which was
read and passed to a second reading.
BILL INTRODUCED.
Mr. DODGE, by unanimous consent, asked
and obtained leave to bring in a bill (S. No. 253)
to establish an additional land district in the State
of Wisconsin; which was read the first and second
times, and referred to the Committee on Public
Lands.
CHINESE COOLIES.
Mr, SUMNER submitted the following reso-
