1856.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
MS
Mr. COBB, of Georgia. I will make one sug-
gestion in regard to the point raised by the gen-
tleman from New York. So far as the body of
the bill is concerned, the question will be upon
the engrossment of the bill, and you cannot have
any division upon the question of engrossment.
The Chair will recollect that there is a special
' rule authorizing a division upon the engrossment
of internal improvement bills, but not of other
bills.
The SPEAKER. That is the only exception
to the rule that there can be no division upon the
question of engrossment.
The Clerk then proceeded to read the amend-
ments reported to the House by the Committee
of the Whole on the state of the Union, and the
question was taken upon all amendments upon
which a separate vote was not demanded, and they
were agreed to.
The first amendment, on which a separate vote
has been asked, was reported, as follows:
After line thirteen, inseit as follows :
But Congress hereby disapprovins; the cod? of allowed
laws officially communicated to theni t>y the Purulent, and
which arc lopresented to have beca enacted by a body
claiming to be the Tenitonal Ltgislatuio of and
aHodi^appioving of the mannoi m whieh said alleged laws
have been embieed by the authoiUies of >aul Teintorv,
expre-5sl> declare that,'until those alleged laws shall have
boon uthimcu hv thy Senate umlilousu of Representatives
a- having been enacteU by a legal Legislature, chosen in
confosunty with the oiganie law, by the people of Kansas,
no p.ut ot the military imee of the United Stale- >ha!l be
employed m aid ot tlwir enl'oieement, noi Miall any citizen
of Kansas lie leqmred, undei pnn imou-., to'aet a-, a
pail of the jK/w ajuutatub of any ofiicer aeung a  marshal
to shenft in said Territoiy.
Mr. BARBOUR. I ask for a division of that
amendment.
Mr. COBB, of Georgia. I submit to the Chair,
as a point of order, that that amendment is not in
order to any appropriation bill. It is the same
point of order that was submitted to the Chair-
man of the Committee of the Whole on the state
ot the Union. The only difference is, that it is
now offered as an amendment to this bill by that
committee. It is, however, in the same position
as if it had been offered by the Committee of
Ways and Means, or by an individual member
of this body. I submit to the Chair that it is not
in order as an amendment to the Army appropri-
ation bill. It is not relevant, and is in direct vio-
lation of the rules of the House on the subject
of amendments.
•The SPEAKER. On the question submitted
by the gentleman from Indiana, [Mr. Barbour,]
the Chair will say that the amendment appears to
embody but one proposition, and is not divisible.
The practice of the House, as the Chair under-
stands it, is, that when an amendment is reported
by the Committee of the Whole to the House, the
vote of the House is taken upon it as reported.
Mr. STANTON. I submit to the Chair that
it is a novelty m parliamentary practice to make
a question of order on the amendments reported by
the Committee of the "Whole, it comes entirely
too late. Whatever question might have been
raised on this amendment, if it were offered by
an individual member, or a standing committee,
none can be raised when it is reported by a Com-
mittee of the Whole 
Mr. MILL80N, (interrupting.) Is the point
of order debatable ?
The SPEAKER. It is not debatable.
Mr. STANTON, (continuing.) The rules re-
quire the House to act on amendments reported
by the Committee of the Whole.
Mr. QUITMAN. I objcct to debate.
Mr. COBB, i have no objection to hearing
the gentleman's suggestions, and will be happy to
reply to them. I can see no difference, so far as
the rules are concerned, whether an amendment
comcs from a committee, or from an individual
member. Committees are not permitted to violate
the rules ; and if the Committee on Military
Affairs were to recommend the amendment to this
bill, which the Speaker held to bo clearly out of
order and not to be entertained, the fact that it
was reported by that committee would not alter
the force of the rule. Nor does the Committee of
the Whole on the state of the Union occupy a
different position—so far as conformity to your
rule is required—from any oti^iMmmittee. On
that principle I submit to the HHhr, that if this
amendment would not be in order a^ coming from
a member, neither is it in order as coming from
the Committee of tlie Whole on the state of -the
Union.
, Mr. GIDDINGS. I think I could point the
gentleman to a precedent directly in point. If that
gentleman will look back to the time of the decla-
ration of war against Mexico, he will find that a
provision declaring war to exist was put upon the
Army appropriation bill.
Mr. CIUItMAN. I call the gentleman to order.
It is not in order to discuss a question of order;
and I want this bill to be disposed of without loss
of time.
Mr. GIDDINGS. I was referring, Mr. Speaker,
to a precedent of solemn, high, and commanding
influence, in which the whole House, with four-
teen exceptions, declared it to be legitimate to
insert in the appropriation bill a declaration that
we were in a state of war, when they who did
so, and everybody else, knew that we were not;
and they compelled every man to submit to that
outrage, as we called it; and forced us all, who did
not support that vote, to take our positions against
the war.
Again: that gentleman will remember another
very illustrious example. When we were making
an appropriation of three millions to obtain a peace
with Mexico, we attached to that a proviso that
there should be no slavery in the territory. I
now come to the point—that, when we make an
appropriation, we may limititsexpenditure. That
principle has been held to be legitimate since the
commencement of the Government.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I rise to a ques-
tion of order. The gentleman from Ohio is dis-
cussing the merits of the amendment, not the
question of its being in order.
The SPEAKER. Unless by unanimous con-
sent, debate is not in order, inasmuch as the
House has ordered the previous question to be
put. The rule is imperative that where the pre-
vious question has been ordered, all questions of
order must be decided without debate.
Mr. GIDDINGS. Then I appeal to the gen-
erosity of the other side of the House to show
us the same liberality that we have shown them.
We let them speak without hesitation. I am
only quoting precedents; and I call upon the
Chair to examine that point—that where we
make an appropriation of money, we—the Repre-
sentatives of the people—may limit the expendi-
ture in just such terms as we please.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I must insist on
the question of order.
Mr. GIDDINGS. Then I submit.
The SPEAKER. On the question of order
presented by the gentleman from Georgia, [Mr.
Cobb,] the Chair is of opinion that the House
must pass upon the amendment, as the question
whether it would be germane to the bill was a
question for the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union to pass upon. It having been
reported to the House, the Chair is unwilling to
rule it out of order under the rules of the House.
The Chair, from recollection only, refers to a
precedent for this question, which arose in the
last Congress on the Nebraska bill, when the
Chair distinctly took the ground—which was
acquiesced in by the House—that a question of
order decided by a Committee of the Whole
House could not be reopened in the House.
Mr. COBB. Those who agree with me on this
question of order will have an opportunity of
meeting it by voting against the amendment. I
will not urge the point of order further.
Mr. FAULKNER. I ask for the yeas and
nays on the amendment.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the negative—yeas 88, nays 89; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs,. Albright, Allison, Baih Barbour, Henry
Bennett, Benson, Billin^hurst, Bishop, Blis*, Bradshaw,
Breuton,Butfinton, .fame* H.Campbell, Chaffee, dawson,
Colfax, Comms, Covode. Ciagin, Cumback, Dimrell. Day,
Dean, Dick, Dodd, Dunn, Du:iee, Edte. Eimie.F!agler,Gal-
lowav, Giddnt^s, Gilbert. (ii.mgei, Grow. Robert B.Hall,
Harlan, Holioway,Thoma- 11. Hoiton, Valentine B. Horton,
Ilughston, Kei-tw. Kms.Knapp. Knight, Knowlton, Knox,
Kunkel, Leiter. iVlanesou, MeC.u; v, KiliianMiUer.Morgdn,
Morrill, Mott, NioboK Norton. Andrew Oliver. Parker, Pel-
ton, Perry, Petut, Pike, Prmgle, Purviance, Ritchie, Sabin,
Saffu, Sapp. Sh'nmap. Summons, Spinner, Stanton, Strana-
han, Tappan, Todd. Tra .on. Wade,Wakeman, Walbndge,
Waldron, Gadwulader CAVashburno, Elhhu B.Wa^hbtnne,
Israel Washburn, Watson. Wood, Woodruff, and Wood-
woith—88.
NAYS—iVfe??rs, Aiken, Barksdale, Bell, Bowie, Branch.
Broom, Burnett, John P. Campbell, Lewis D, Campbell*
Carlile, Oaruthersf, .Caskie, 'Howell Cobb, Williamson ,IU
W. Cobb, Cox, Craige, Crawford,fcullen, Davidson, floaty
Winter Davis, Denver, Dovvdei], fJdijiuudsoji, English,
Eustisj Faulkner, Poster, Thomas J/B« -Fuller, Gobde,
Greenwood, J. Morrison Harris, Sampsori
Thomas L. Harris, Harrison, Haven. .Hoffmaa, Houston,
Jewell, George W. Jones, J, Gianey Zones, - Kenn^tt, K*&-
well, Lake, Ltndley, Lumpkin, Humphrey MarsTjaJi/^am;-
ue! S. Marshall", Maxwell, Smith Miller,
Packer, Peek, Phelps, Powell, Puryear, Quitman^eadej
Ready, Ricaud, Rivers, Ruffin. Savage, Seward,
Samuel^A. Smith,Wiiham Smith,William R. Smith, Sneed,
Stephens, Stewart, Swope, Taylor, Thtfrston, Trippe,Ty-
son, Underwood, Vail, Vaik, Walker, Warner, Watlcins,
Welis, Whitney, Williams, Win slow, Daniel B. Wright)
John V. Wright, and ZolUcoffer—80. ;
So the amendment was disagreed t<k" r . f
Pending the call of the roll,
Mr. BINGHAM stated thai he had paired ^off
with Mr. Hall, of lowa. ,
Mr. CLARKE, of New York,'stated thafc&e
had paired off with Mr. Kelly.
Mr, CRAGIN stated that he had paired off
with Mr. McMullin, on all questions«xpep£tl|js
Army appropriation bill. He voted "ay.
Mr. PRINGLE stated that Mr. Dickson #as
absent from the House on account of illness, -
Mr. VALK stated that Mr. A. K. Marshall
was detained from the House by indisposition,.-
Mr. MEACHAM stated that he had paired off
with Mr. Clingman, and therefore dia not fee
at liberty to vote; otherwise he should have vofefid
in the affirmative, for he would never vote one
dollar or one cent to carry out these scandalous
enactmon ts of Kansas.
Mr. PENNINGTON said, that expecting to
be absent the early part of this week, he had
paired off with Mr. Boyce. li' : ,
Mr, BRANCH announced that Mr. Gabwal-
ader, and Mr. Davis, of Massachusetts, had
paired off.
Mr. GROW explained that he had paired off
with his colleague, Mr. Florence, for two days.
His colleague, Mr. Packer, had also paired off
with Mr. Dk Witt; Mr. Packer, however, was
present, and they had agreed to consider Mr*
Florence as paired off with Mr. De Witt; and
he was, therefore, at liberty to vote, and voted
aye. Mr. Packer voted no.
Mr. THORINGTON did not vote, having
paired off with Mr. Elliott upon all questions
affecting Kansas affairs. -
Mr. HOUSTON said, that he had been -re-
quested to state that Mr. McMitllin had paired
off until Thursday with Mr. Cragin upon all
questions but the Army bill.
Mr. GREENWOOD stated that his colleague,
Mr. Rust, was called away to attend a sickfatti-
ily.
The question recurred upon the third amend-
ment; which was reported as follows:
Provided, nevertheless, That no parf of the military
force of the United States herein provided for shall be em£
ployed in aid of the enforcement of the enactments of the
alleged Legislative Assembly of the Territory of Kansas,
recently assembled at Shawnee Mission, until Congress
shall have enacted either that it was or was not a valid
Legislative Assembly, chosen in conformity with the or-
ganic law by the people of the said Territory: JimI pro-
vided^ That until Congress shall have passed on the valid-
ity ol the said Legislative Assembly of Kansas, it shall be
the duty of the President to use the military force in said
Territory to preserve the peace, suppress insurrection, repel
invasion, and protect persons and property therein, and
upon tlie national highways in the State of Missouri, or
el.-rwhcre. from unlawful seizures and searches : Jlnd be
it further provided. That the President is required to disarm
the present organized militia of the Territory of Kansas,
and recall all the United States arms therein distributed,
and to prevent armed men from going into said Territory
to disturb the public peace, or aid in the enforcement or
resistance of real or pretended laws.
Mr. SHERMAN. It will be perceived that
this amendment is divided into three separate
propositions, each contained in a separate para-
fraph, and entirely independent of each other,
ask that the amendment may be divided, and a
separate vote taken upon each part of it. . -
Mr. CORB, of Georgia. I submit that there
are no separate propositions contained in tjf6-
amendment, and that it is therefore indivisible.
The SPEAKER. The Committee of. ^
Whole on the state of the Union have-re£cfr&w
the amendment as a whole, and in the
the Chair, for that reason, it is indivisible.
Mr. WASHBURN  of Maine. J .w's",,t'>
inquire, if the proposition is in
upon what rule the Chair deci&s that
now be divided?
Mr. JONES, of T<
will look to the
