1856.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
989^
lution; which was considered by unanimous con-
sent, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee on Commerce be directed
to inquire into the character of the commerce, known as
the Coolie trade, by wllich Chinese in large numbers are
transpoited from then native country, in American shijis,
on alleged contracts of service 111 distant places; also to
ascertain if the eame is not conducted in violation of an
existing treaty with China; and to consider if anv legisla-
tion be expedient wtth a view to the prohibition of this com
ineice, or to prevent abuses incident to it on board Ameri-
can ships, or to extend to it the provisions and penalties of
the recent act of Congress regulating the carriage of pas-
sengers m merchant vessels.
AUTHENTICATION OF PAPERS.
Mr. TOTJCEY, from the Committee on the
Judiciary, to whom was referred the House bill
(H. R. No. 129) to repeal part of an act entitled
" An act to provide for the safe-keeping of the
acts, records, and seal of the United States, and
for other purposes," reported it without amend-
ment, and asked for its consideration at this time.
There being no objection, the Senate proceeded
to consider the bill as in Committee of the Whole.
It provides for the repeal of so much of the act
referred to in the title of the bill as authorizes a
charge of twenty-five cents for authenticating a
copy of a record or paper under the seal of the
State Department.
Mr. TOUCEY. It is merely to repeal a pro-
vision which authorizes the State Department to
charge a small fee for authenticating papers. It
is very unnecessary and troublesome.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, and ordered to be read a third time.
It was read the third time, and passed.
COURTS IN ILLINOIS.
Mr. TOUCEY, from the Committee on the
Judiciary, to whom was referred the House bill
(H. R. No. 78) to change the time of holding the
United States courts in the southern district of
Illinois, reported it without amendment; and, on
his motion, the Senate proceeded to consider the
bill as in Committee of the "Whole.
It provides that hereafter the circuit and district
courts of the United States for the southern dis-
trict of Illinois shall be held at Springfield on the
first Mondays in January and June; and it pro-
poses to authorize the clerk of the district court
of southern Illinois, under the direction of the
judge, to make a transcript from the records
of the district and circuit courts of northern Illi-
nois, of all matters and proceedings concerning
titles to real estate, or causes originating in that
part of the State included within the southern dis-
trict, for which he is to receive the compensation
allowed for like services under existing laws; and
the transcripts and records, when so made, certi-
fied by the clerk to be true and correct, are to be
evidence as fully and effectually as though ori-
ginally entered in the courts of the United States
for the southern district of Illinois.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read the
third time, and passed.
C. H. M'CORMICIC.
Mr. BRODHEAD. The Committee on Claims,
to whom was referred the opinion of the Court
of Claims in the case of Cyrus H. McCormick,
have instructed me to reportit back, and ask that
it be referred to the Committee on Patents. It
was an application for the extension of a patent
for McConnick's reaper, which was referred to
the Court of Claims by a general resolution of
the House of Representatives at the close of the
last session. The court have decided that they
have no jurisdiction in the case. I move that the
Committee on Claims be discharged from the
consideration of the subject, and that it be referred
to the Committee on Patents.
The motion was agreed to.
JAMES DAVIDSON.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. I propose to change the
reference of a petition presented by me from an
old soldier some time ago—James Davidson—to
increase the invalid pension which is nowallowed
to him. It has been referred to the Committee
on Claims. I am perfectly satisfied with that
committee; but I fear they will say that theirs is
not the propei committee to which it should go,
and 1 suppose it is not. It should go, as it involves
considerations of military service, either to the
Committee on Military Affairs or to the Com-
mittee on Pensions, and not to the Committee on
Claims. I ask, therefore, that the papers may
be withdrawn from that committee, and referred
to the Committee on Pensions.
Mr. WELLER. There was one case sent to
the Committee on Military Affairs, which we
supposed ought properly to have gone to the
Committee on Pensions. Is not tins the same
paper ?
Mr. CRITTENDEN. No, sir; it has never
been before your committee, though perhaps that
is the more appropriate committee. I hesitate
between the Committee on Military Affairs and
the Committee on Pensions.
Mr. WELLER. "We will take jurisdiction of
it if you send it to our committee.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. Then I move that it
be referred to the Committee on Military Affairs.
The motion was agreed to.
MESSAGE FROM THE HOUSE,
A message from the House of Representatives,
by Mr. Barclay, Assistant Clerk, announced that
the House had passed, without amendment, the
bill of the Senate (S. No. 80) amendatory of an act
entitled " An act to regulate the fees and costs to
be allowed clerks, marshals, and attorneys of the
circuit and district courts of the United States,
and for other purposes."
Also, that they had passed the following bills
and resolution, in which they requested the con-
currence of the Senate:
A bill to surrender to the State of Illinois the
Cumberland road in said State.
A bill to continue half-pay to Mrs. Lewright
Biowmng for a further term of live years.
A joint resolution for the purchase of Dr. Kane's
forthcoming work on Arctic explorations, and for
the presentation of medals to Dr. Kane, his offi-
cers, and men.
OFFICERS OF THE CUSTOMS.
On motion of Mr. HAMLIN, the Senate pro-
ceeded to consider, as m Committee of the Whole,
the bill (S. No. 155) reported by the Committee on
Commerce, relating to the appointment of officers
for the collection of customs, and to provide for
their compensation.
Mr. HAMLIN. There are some amendments
which are necessary to be made, to carry out the
object of the committee. The first is in the fourth
section, which makes provision for the collection
district of Monterey, California.
It now reads:
The Secretary of the Tieasury shall appoint one clerk for
said collcctoi, who shall act as. auditor 111 the settlement of
his accounts.
I propose to amend it, so as to read:
The Secretary of the Treasury shall appoint one clerk
for said coliecto!, who shall aet as auditoi in eomptrollmg
the accounts of the oliice.
The amendment was agreed to; and the same
alteration was made in the fifth section, which
relates to the district of Astoria; the sixth section
in reference to the district of Puget's Sound: the
seventh section, which provides for the districts
of Cape Perpet.ua and Port Orford; and the eighth
section, which makes provision for the districts
of Galveston and Brazos de Santiago.
Mr. HAMLIN. All the amendments which I
have proposed are to accomplish the same object.
The bill originally provided that in certain dis-
tricts the collectors should have authority to ap
point a clerk to audit the accounts of his office.
The proposed amendments give the appointment
of those clerks to the Secretary of the Treasury,
for the purpose of having an officer there to dis-
chaige what are somewhat similar to the duties
of the naval officer in the larger districts, and to
stand as a check on the collector. That officer,
by these amendments, is made the officer of the
Treasury Department, by which he is placed
there; and while in the discharge of his duties as
a clerk under the collector, he is also the auditor
of the Treasury Department, servingindependent
of the collector, and standing as a check between
him and the Government. _
In relation to the bill itself, let me say that it is
a bill which classifies the collection districts of
the whole country, and adopts a system of sal-
aries m accordance with that classification. There
is, however, a class of cases which do not seem
to come appropriately within any classification
which can. be made. New York is a very large
district, and stands distinct and dissimilar from
any other. The collection districts in Texas, and
upon the Pacific coast, belong to that order which
requires a higher grade of compensation than a
classification would appropriately give them.
New York and the collection districts in Texas
and on the Pacific coast are therefore provided
for in the first eight sections of the bill. The
remaining portion of the bill classifies all the
other collection districts in the United States, and
bases a compensation upon that classification ac-
cording to the classes within which the districts
severally fall.
Mr. HUNTER. What is the compensation
of the collectors ?
Mr. HAMLIN. For New York, #8,000; for
San Francisco, $10,000; which amounts are
within a very few dollars of the present compen-
sation. I will state presently how it is as to all
the rest.
The first class of districts is provided for in
the tenth section, and comprises the districts of
Mississippi, Philadelphia, Baltimore, Boston,
and all other districts that shall hereafter collect
an amount of revenue exceeding $1,000,000 per
year. Charleston constitutes the second class,
and is the only district now in the second class,
which will hereafter include all that shall collect
annually $500,000 of revenue and not exceeding
$1,000,000. The third class includes the districts
of Salem, Portland, New Haven, Savannah, Mo-
bile, Oswego, St. Louis, Cincinnati,and all other
districts which shall hereafter collect an annual
revenue of $100,000 and not exceeding $500,000.
The fourth class includes the districts and ports
of delivery of Champlain, Sandusky, Cuyahoga,
Richmond, Petersburg, Louisville, Nashville,
and all other districts whicUjhcreafter collect ail
animal revenue of §50,000 and not exceeding
$100,000. The fifth class includes the districts
j and ports of delivery of Passamaquoddy, Ports-
: mouth, Vermont, Gloucester, Providence, Mid-
S dlctown, New London, Niagara, Oswegatchie,
! Cape Vincent, Cape Fear, Detroit, Norfolk, Po-
tomac, Pittsburg, New Albany, and all other dis-
tricts which shall collect annually $30,000 and not
exceeding $50,000 of revenue. The sixth class in-
cludes the districts and ports of delivery of Ban-
gor, Newburyport, Bristol, Sackett's Harbor,
Genesee, Chicago, New Bedford, Georgetown,
(District ofColumbia,) Appalachicola, Memphis,
and all other districts which shall hereafter collect
annually $10,000 and notexceedmg $20,000. The
seventh class includes the districts and ports
of delivery of Bath, Milwaukie, Miami, Penob-
J RCOt, Waldoboro', Belfast, Marblehcad, Fall
| River, Barnstable, Edgartown, Fairfield,Stonmg-
ton, Perth Amboy, Delaware, Vienna, St. Au-
! gustme, Camden, (North Carolina,) Plymouth,
I (North Carolina,) Pensacola, Key "West, St.
[Mark's, St. John's, Michihmackinac, Wheel-
I ing, Vicksburg, Evansville, and all other districts
! wllich shall hereafter collect annually $1,000 and
I not exceeding $10,000 of revenue. The eighth
class includes the districts and ports of delivery
of the Minnesota, Natchez, Machias, French-
man's Bay, Wiscasset, Saco, Kennebunk, York,
Plymouth, (Massachusetts,) Sag Harbor, Bridge-
! ton, Great Egg Harbor, Little Egg Harbor, New-
ark, Erie, Tappahannock, Cherrystone, York-
town, Edenton, Washington, (North Carolina,)
Newbern, Beaufort, Win yaw, Broad River,
(South Carolina,) St. Mary's (Georgia,) Bruns-
' wick, (Georgia,) Pearl River, Grand Gulf, Knox-
| Mile, Padueah, Madison, Portsmouth, Marietta,
(Ohio,) Alton, Galena, Burlington, (Iowa,) Flor-
! ence, (Alabama,) Prairie du Chien, St. Paul,
' (Minnesota,) Dunkirk, Michigan City, CLuincy,
and all other districts which shall collect less than
$1,000 of revenue annually. The districts, there-
fore, are comprised in eight classes.
The troubles existing under the present law
are found to be great. More than fifty years ago
there was a system of districting the United
States, carried out by a law of Congress; and
there was some uniformity under that system,
though it was somewhat unequal; but from that
time until the present new districts have been
created, and old districts have been divided. It
is found that the system upon which the com-
' pensation is based m all these districts is almost
as varied as the districts are in number. In one
class of districts you find the collector's compen-
sation dependent, under existing laws, entirely
