940
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 17,
on a per centum which is given to him upon the
revenues which he collects; in another district
yon find his compensation depending almost en-
tirely on the fees of his office without any per
ccntum on the revenue collected. In other dis-
tricts the two are combined, and the compensa-
tion consists of a percentage and of fees. As a
natural consequence of this state of affairs, men
performing precisely the same service, and doing
precisely the same duties, have salaries very dif-
ferent and very disproportionate.
This bill classifies all the districts, and bases
the compensation upon the revenue collected.
"When it gets clown to the smaller districts, how-
ever, where very small amounts of revenue are
collected, and where tlic compensation in fees
arising from the issue of papers is taken away,
the bill provides that, in addition to the salaiy
fixed by it, there shall be allowed a certain per
cent, on the amount of revenue collected. In some
of the small districts, even with that provision,
it "was feared that the compensation would not be
sufficient; and, on a consultation with the Secre-
tary of the Treasury, under whose direction, in
connection with the committee, this bill has been
prepared, a provision is incorporated into it which
enables the Secretary of the Treasury, in all dis-
tricts where the compensation is less than §3,000,
to make the salary equal to what it was under
the existing law during' the year ending- the 30th
of June, 1855. We thus protect the smaller offices
in the compensation which they already receive,
and equalize the compensation of the remaining
portion.
The bill, as we intend to amend it, furthcrpro-
vides for an additional compensation to the in-
spectors of the larger ports, Boston, New York,
Philadelphia, Baltimore, Charleston, and New
Orleans. The present compensation of the in-
spectors at those ports is what it was when first
established many years since, when the expenses
of living were much less than at present, and when
the duties devolved upon them were much less
onerous than nt this time. I think a bill has been
twice—if not three times—passed by the Senate,
increasing1 the compensation of that class of
officers. This bill proposes to give them the com-
pensation of four dollars per day, instead of three
dollars, as is provided by existing laws. We
shall propose to amend it so as to give increased
compensation to the weighers and gaugeis of the
same ports.
These arc the principal provisions of the bill.
Tt abolishes nil fees which are now taxable by
law at the various ports, and makes the compen-
sation of the officers depend on a fixed salary. It
takes away any inducement which an officer
might have, either wrongfully, or by wrong con-
struction without any improper intention, to de-
mand fees for issuing papers, or performing any
other srrvice. That theio shall Ik; no uncertainty
in relation to the design of the bill, 1 propose to
amend it in the thirteenth section by adding after
the provision m regard to fees:
And any collector, or otiici oll'ieer of tin; customs, who
fliall ehaige any othei tee* or coimin^-ion* than tho^e pie-
seubed m tlii> act, shall fork-it and pay to the 1'iuted Stated
a fine not exceeding $0,000, not ie&s than <jyo00.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HAMLIN. I find that in scction eighteen t
the same amendment wluch has been made in :
other sections, changing the duty of the eleik !
from that of being an officer of the customs to j
an officer of the Treasury Department, should be '
made. I move so to amend the first clause of
section eighteen that it shall read: I
That the Secietaiy of the Tie.tMiiy *.hM! have power to
appoint for each eolicctoi m the tilth, MXtii. seventh, and '
cn?tuh Ud.->e:>, a clerk, to act as auduoi lot the let, in [
conipriotlmg tho accounts of the olhcc, uudei such rules
and lobulations, &c. 1
Mr. FITZPATRTCK. I wish to inquire of
the honorable gentleman from Maine whether
these amendments are proposed by the commit- ,
tee, or suggested by himself? j
Mr. HAMLIN. They are amendments sug- j
gestcd by the Treasury Department, and unan-1
imously concurred in by the committee. I
The amendment was agreed to. j
Mr. HAMLIN. I propose to amend the first j
scction, relating to the district of New York, so !
ns to carry out the view which I have already i
suggested, as to the compensation of weighers and j
gaugers. I move to strike out " $1,500 each," !
and insert, " not less than $1,800, nor more than
$2,000 each, to be determined by the Secretary
of the Treasury."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HAMLIN. To carry out the same object,
I move to amend that portion of the eighteenth
section which provides for the compensation of
the weighers, gaugers, and measurers, in the first
and second classes of districts, by striking out
the words, "not exceeding $1,500 each," and
inserting " not less than $,1,800, nor more than
§2,000 each, to be determined by the Secretary
of the Treasury."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HAMLIN. I propose to add at the end
of section eighteen the following:
And the compensation of the inspectors m the district
of New York, and m the districts composing the first and
second classes, shall be four dollars per day, from the 1st
day of July, 1855.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HAMLIN. As I do not propose to ask
the Senate to take the vote on the hill this morn-
ing, I shall not trespass further on the attention
of the Senate now. I will only say that this bill—
which has been prepared with very great care—
is one which I think will equalize the compensa-
tion of the various revenue officers throughout
the country. I consider myself justified in say-
ing that the gross amount, paid will bo just about
what it is now—it may be a trifle less, it may be
a trifle more—but it is a systematizing of the
present law, and an equalizing of the compensa-
tion of the officers under it. 1 shall ask the Sen-
ate to give it as early attention during the coming
week as may be possible.
Mr. HALE. I hope that the bill, with the
amendments, will be printed before wc arc asked
to vote upon it.
Mr. HAMLIN. There is no necessity, it seems
to me, for printing the bill, in consequence of the
amendments. The amendments are simply these:
In a few of the districts the bill originally pro-
vided that the collector should have the power to
appoint a clerk. Wc have amended that provis-
ion by taking the power fiom the collector and
transferring it to the Secretary of the Treasury,
for this reason: that the clerk is to be an officer,
standing between the collector and the Govern-
ment, and to be a check on all the acts of the col-
lector. That includes all of the amendments with
the exception of two—one increasing the com-
pensation of the inspectors at Boston, New York,
Philadelphia, Baltimore, Charleston, and New
Orleans, to lour dollars a day, and the other in-
creasing the salary of weighers and gaugers at
the same ports from $1,500 to $1,800 a year.
These aic all the amendments.
Mr. HALE. I hope the bill as amended will
; be printed. It is a very important bill. It makes
j essential alterations in the law. I have seen the
1 complaints of the inspectors, which have been
j sent here on paper, as to their compensation. I
; believe, however, that the compensation of these
j inspectors is so high that there is a tarilF levied
! on them. Every time there is an election in New
| Hampshire, a collection is made in the custom-
i houses; an agent goes up there, and in some in-
' stances they have disposed of inspectorships for
■ a vote in the Legislature. If these officers are so
1 valuable that a tariff can bo levied on them, and
1 the money carried to New Hampshire to endeavor
i to buy votes when an important senntonal elec-
j tion is pending, I think theyare paid high enough.
' I hope the amendments will be printed.
i The bill as amended was ordered to be printed;
| and it was postponed until xVlonday next.
j BOUNTY LAND BILL.
| The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole,
■ resumed the consideration of tho House bill
(H. R. No. 8) to amend the " act in addition to
certain acts granting bounty land to certain offi-
cers and soldiers who have been engaged in the
military service of the United States," approved
March 3, 1855; the pending question being on
the motion of Mr. Hamlix to amend the substi-
| tutc of the Committee on Public Lands by adding
| the following additional section:
j Sec.—. Jlnd be it farther enacted, That in every case
I whore a land wairant shall have been issued after the de-
1 cfa.s"3 ot~t!le applicant, leaving 110 widow or minor child or
j children, then said warrant may be assigned or located by
i the administrator or executor of said deceased.
Mr. FOOT. Mr. President, when this bill was
taken up for consideration some days ago, I en-
deavored to explain briefly the provisions of the
proposed substitute, and to show wherein, and to
what extent, it modified the act of 1855. I then
stated that the committee to whom the subject had
been referred did not deem it advisable or expedi-
ent to enlarge the operation of thai act by bringing
in new classes of beneficiaries not before named or
contemplated in the act. I stated that the recom-
mendations of the committee were limited to such
modifications of the act of 1855 as were merely
explanatory of that act. and to such as were.
deemed necessary to a more clear and explicit
exposition of some of its provisions, and to a more
definite and precise exposition of the nature of
the evidence to be required as proof of military
service.
It has been contended, however, by some hon-
orable members, in the course of this discussion,
and urged as an argument in favor of their own
propositions for enlarging the operation and scope
of the bill, that the committee themselves have
departed from this rule, inasmuch as that, by the
proviso to the third section of the proposed sub-
stitute which the committee have recommended,
the Commissioner of Pensions is authorized to
receive parol evidence of military service in the
cases arising under the ninth and eleventh sections
of the act of 1855. Those honorable gentlemen
are evidently laboring under a misapprehension
upon this point. This proviso, as I have before
explained, so far from varying, or in the least
degree departing from the principles or the re-
quirements of that act, or in any degree enlarging
its provisions, is intended and inserted merely
for the purpose of carrying out and enforcing the
manifest intent and purpose of Congress m the
adoption of these very sections, as that intent
and purpose were understood at the time by every
member here, and as will fully appear by a recur-
rence to the debates upon these propositions.
Let me explain a little more fully. The first sec-
tion of the act of 1855 designates the several classes
of persons who shall be the subjects of its bounty.
The second section extends the benefits of the act
to the widows or the minor children of the per-
sons specified in the preceding section. The third
section limits the operation of the act, or rather
the benefit of the bounty, to those who have per-
formed military service for the term, at least, of
fourteen days, unless they have actually been
engaged in battle, and to those who shall be able
to establish the fact of their service by record
evidence.
The third section is in these words:
'• Sec. 3. Jlnd be it further enacted, That in no case shall
.such ceituicate or warrant, he issued for any service less
than fouiteen days, except where the, person shall actually
have been ensued in battle, and unless the party claiming
such cemticate or wanant shall establish his or her right
thereto by reeoid evidence ot said service."
It was apparent that, under the conditions or
restrictions of this section, the volunteers who
served at Plattsburg, at Lewistown, at Nicko-
jack, and at King's Mountain, could not become
recipients of the bounty provided by the bill;
hence, the ninth and eleventh sections were in-
corporated into the act. Congress considered
them deserving of this bounty, and provided for
them in these words:
'• Sec. 9. Jindhe it farther cnactcd, That the benefits of this
net shall be applied to, and embiace those who served as
volunteer^ at the invasion of Plattsburg m September. 1814;
also, at the battle of Kind's Mountain, in the revolutionary
war, and at the battle of Niekojack, against the confeder-
ated savajiPsof the South."
*• Srcc. 11. .flnr? be it further enacted, That the provisions
of tin-; act be applied to those who served as volunteer at
the attack on Lewistown, mDelawaie, by the Bntish fleet,
m the war of
These sections were moved and adopted as
amendments, or, more properly speaking, as addi-
tions to the bill, while it was under discussion
here, and as the Senate Journal will show. By
the adoption of these sections, Congress clearly
intended to give the benefits of the act to the
several classes of persons specified therein, with-
out reference to the requirements of the third sec-
tion os to the term and the proof of their service,
and expressed that purpose in the most distinct
and explicit language. Congress must be sup-
posed to have understood that these volunteers
were excluded from the provisions of the first
section of the bill on account of the conditions
or requirements of the third section—that is to
