ism
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 29,
committee, lie will find that it fully sustains the
decision of the Chair.
The SPEAKER. The right to divide the
.proposition was in the Committee of the Whole.
4t js to be presumed that the proposition was
divided in Committee of the Whole, and as it has
.been, repotted to the House as a whole, in the
opinion of the Chair the amendment is not now
divisible.
Mr. WASHBURN. Suppose the amend-
ment consisted of three distinct and separate ad-
ditional Sections, would it not be in- order to
divide them?
Mr. WINSLOW. No debate is in order; I
call the gentleman to order.
The SPEAKER. In the opinion of the Chair,
the amendment having been reported by the Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union, as
a whole, it is not divisible; and the Chair is sus-
tained in this decision by the practice of the
House in every preceding Congress.
Mr. WASHBURN. I think I have known a
different ruling in very many instances, and the
decision of the Chair is certainly not sustained
by any rule of the House. I will not, however,
appeal from the decision.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the affirmative—yeas 91, nays 88; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Albright, Allison, Ball, Barbour, Henry
Bennett, Benson, BiUuighurst, Bishop, Blis>s, Rraiishaw,
Brenton, Bulfmton, James H. Campbell, OJiatFee, dawson,
Colfax, Comms, Covoile, Uragin, Uuniback, Damrell, Day,
Dean, Dick, Dodd, Dunn, Durfee, Edie, Emue, Flagler,
Galloway, Giddings, Gilbert, Granger, Grow, Robert B.
Hall, Jimlan, Harrison, Holloway. Tlioma^ It. llorton,
Valentine B. Horton, Hughston, KcNey, King, Knapp,
Knowlloit, Knox, Kunkel, I.citfr, Matte^on, Mc!,'ailv,
Killian Miller, Monro, Morgan, Morull, iMott, Nichols,
Norton, Andrew Oliver, Parker, Pelton, Perry, I'ettit, Pike,
Pringle, i'urviance, Ritchie, Sabin, Sage, Sapp, Sherman,
Simmons, Spmner, Stanton, Stranahan, Tappan, Thurston,
Todd, Trafton, Wade, Wakeman, Walbndge, VVahlrun,
Cadwalader C. Washburne, Elhhn B. Wtahtmrne, Israel
Washburn, Watson, Welch, Wood, Woodruff, and Wood-
worth—81.
NAYS—Messrs. Aiken, Barksdale, Boll, Bowie, Branch,
Broom, Burnett, John-P. Campbell, Lewis 1). Campbell,
Carlile, JJarutlrers, Caskie, II..well Cobb, Willianii-on It.
W. Cobb, Cor, Craige, Crawford. Oullen, Davidson, Henry
Winter Davis, Denver, Dowdell, Edmund-on, English,
Eustis, Faulkner, Foster, Henry M. Fuller, Thomas J. I).
Fuller, Goode, Greenwood, J. Moinson Uaiin, Sampson
W. Harris, Tiioma-i L. Harris, Haven, Hoffman, llouslon,
Jewett, Georjre W. Jones, Kennett, Kidwell, Knight, Lake,
iindley, Lumpkin, Humphrey Marshall, Samuel S. AJai-
shall, Maxwell, Smitli Miller, Mill-on, I'.icker, Peck,
Phelps, Powell, Puryear, Quitman, Iteade Ready, tiieaud,
Rivers, Ruffin, Savage, Seward, Shorter, Samuel A. Smith
Daniel k. Wright, Joint V/VVnght, and Zonicoiier—88.'
So the amendment was concurred in.
Pending the call of the roll,
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine, slated that the
amendment, in a single particular, did not meet
his approbation; but in order that it might lie
amended and put into proper shape hereafter, he
voted ay.
.Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio, said that not
wishing to depend upon the Senate to amend our
lejrislation, he voted no.
The question now being on ordering the bill,
as amended, to be engrossed, and read a third
time,
Mr. COBB, of Georgia, demanded the yeas and
nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered; the question
was taken; and it was decided in the affirmative—
yeas 92, nays 83; as follows :
YEAS—Messrs. Albright, Allison, Ball, Barbour, Henrv
Bennett, Beiuson, Billingliurst, Bishop, Miss, BracMiaw,
fcln ™0n' Jilm5.s H- Campbell, Lewis D. Camp-
r?!!iw?ti' Cla™°n> Colfax, Coinms, Oovode, Craein,
y' J?ean' Dick' i)0,Id' Burt'ee, Bine,
Sjherr' ngtr?,n'"'"way.GMWtags, Gilbert, Granger, Grow^
Robert 13. H<illj Harlan. Harrison, i-r.ivpn Hniimvnv
Thomas R. Hortoiu Valentine B. Horton, Hugliston, Ke"l-
eey, King, Knapp, Knowlton, Knox, Kunkel, Loiter Mat-
teson, MeCarty, Killian Miller, Moore, Morgan, Mornll
Mott, Nichols, Norton, Andrew Oliver, Parker Pelton'
Perry, I'ettit, Pike, Pringle, Purviance, Ritchie s£'
fcage, Sapp, Sherman, Simmons, Spinney Stanton Itra i'
ahan, 1 appan, Thurston, Todd, Trafton, V^ade Wakeman
Walbridge, Waldron, Cadwal'ader C. Cbi™
^. Washburne, Israel Washburn, Watson, Welch Wood
Woodruff, and Woodworth—92. a>
NAYS—Messrs. Barksdale, Bell, Hendley S. Bennett
Bowie, Branch, Broom, Burnett, John P. Campbell, Carlile'
Carutliers, Caekie, Howell Cobb, Williamson K. W. Cobb'
Cox, Cnuge, Ciawford, Ctilien, Davidson, Henrv Winter
Davis, Denver, Dowdell, Dunn, Edmundson, English, Eus-
tis, Faulkner, Foster, Thomas J. D. Fuller, Goode, Green
wood, J. Morrison Harris, Sampson W. Harris, Thomas L.
Harns, Hoffman, Houston, Jewett, Geoige W. Jones, J-
Glancy Jones, Kennett, Kidwell, Lake, Lindiey, Lumpkin,
Alexander K. Marshall, Uumphrey Marshall, Samuel S.
Marshall, Maxwell, Smitli Miller, Millson, Packer. Peck,
Phelps, Powell, Puryear, Quitman, Reade, Ready, Rieaml,
Ruffin, Savage, Seward, Shorter, Samuel A. Smith, William
Smith, William R. Smith, Sneed, Stephens, Stewart,
Svvope, Taylor, Trippe, Underwood, Vail, Valk, Walker,
Warner, Watkms, Whitney, Williams, winslow, Daniel
B. Wright, John V. Wright, and Zolhcoffer—83.
So the "bill was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time.
Pending the call of the roll,
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio, stated that he was
unwilling to see the bill lost, and as his friend
from Maine [Mr. Washburn] assured him that
it would be so amended in the Senate as to divest
the President of the extraordinary powers con-
ferred upon him, to disarm the people of Kansas,
he voted ay. [Laughter.]
Mr. WASHBURN said he depended upon a
committee of conference to amend the amend-
ment, and not upon the Senate.
Mr. AIKEN asked leave to vote, having been
outside the bar when his name was called.
Objection was made.
The bill being engrossed, was then read the
third time, "and the question being upon its pas-
sage,
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio, called the previ-
ous question. The previous question was sec-
onded, and the main question ordered.
Mr. GREENWOOD asked for the yeas and
nays.
^he yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the affirmative—yeas 89, nays 82; as follows:
7EAS—Messrs. Albright, Allison, Ball, Barbour, Ben-
son, Billingliurst. Bishop, Bliss, Bradshaw, Brenton, Buf-
fimou, James H. Campbell, Lewis D. Campbell, Chaflee,
Glawsson, Colfax, Conuns, Covode,Cra<rm, Cumback. Dam-
rell, Day, Dean, Dick, Dodd, Durfee, Edwards, Lmne,
Flagler, Calloway, G Hidings, Gilbert, Granger, G row, Robert
B. Hall, llailan, Harrison, Holloway, Thomas R. IJorron,
Valentine B. llorton, Hnghston, Kekey, Kins, Knapp,
Knowlton, Knox, Kunkel, Loiter, Matteson, McCartv, Kil-
lian Miller, Moore, Morgan, Morrill, Nichols, Norton, An-
drew Ultvei, Parker, Pelton, Porry, Pettit, Pike, Pringle,
burn, YVathon, Welch, Wood, Woodruff, and Woodvvorth
—89.
NAYS—Messrs. Aiken, Barksdale, Bell, Henry Bennett,
Ileudley S. Bennett, Bowie, Bianch, Broom, Burnett, (Jar-
hie, Caruthers, Caskie, Howell Cobb, Williamson R. W.
Cobb, Cox, Craige, Crawford, Davidson, II. Winter Davus
it  -n'l  1 '
Hoffman, Houston, Jewett, (ieorfre W. June*, J. Glancy
Jone-i, Kennett, Kldivcll, Lake, Limllev, l.timpkin, Hum-
pltrey Marxian, Samuel >S. Marshall, Mawvell, Smith -Mil-
ler, MilNun, Packer, Peek, l'tie]p% I'oivell, Puiyear, (iuit-
man, IJe.Ki", Re.idy, itieaud, liiver^, iiullin, Savage, 8<-w-
aid, Plioitftr, Samuel A. Smifh, William 'Smitli. Sliced,
Stephens, tucivarl, Swope, Taylor, 'J'rippe, Undcuvoud,
Vail, Valk, Walker, Warner, Watkms. Whimey, Williams,
Window, Darnel 13. Wnglit, John V. Wright, and Zolli-
coft'er—S2.
So the bill was passed.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio, moved to recon-
sider the vote by which the bill was passed, and
also moved to lay the motion to reconsider on
the table; which latter motion was agreed to.
ENROLLED JOINT RESOLUTION.
Mr. DAVIDSON, from the Committee on En-
rolled Bills, reported as truly enrolled a resolu-
tion authorizing the Secretary of the Treasury to
modify the plan of the custom-house at Ells-
worth, Maine; when the Speaker signed the
same.
INDIAN APPROPRIATION BILL.
Mr. CAMPBELL,'of Ohio, by unanimous
consent, reported from the Committee of Ways
and Means, the Indian appropriation bill, with
the amendments of the Senate thereto, with the
recommendation that some of the amendments
be concurred in and others non-concurred in;
which, with the report of the Committee of Ways
and Means, was referred to the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union, and ordered to
be printed.
REVENUE LAWS.
The SPEAKER stated the regular order of j
business to be upon the bill of the House (No. I
187) to establish the collection districts of the
United States, to designate the ports of entry, I
and ports of delivery of the same, and for other !
purposes. j
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. This is a
bill regulating the change of collection districts,
and codifying, to some extent, the entire revenue
laws of the country. It is a bill of too much im-
portance to receive that attention which it ought
to receive during this session of Congress; and 1
move, therefore, that its further consideration be
postponed until the second Tuesday in Decern-'
ber.
The motion was agreed to.
MESSAGE FROM THE SENATE.
A message was received from the Senate, by
Asbury Dickins, its Secretary, notifying the
House that the Senate had passed bills of the fol-
lowing titles; in which he was directed to ask the
concurrence of the House:
S. No. 39. An act making an appropriation
for the construction of a harbor at the mouth of
Grand^nver, m the State of Michigan.
S. No. 368. An act to amend the act entitled
*'An act to remodel the diplomatic and consular
systems of the United States," approved March
1, 1855.
S. No. 40. An act making an appropriation for
the construction of a harbor at the mouth of
Black river, in the State of Michigan.
Also, that the Senate had agreed to an amend-
ment of the House to the resolution of the Senate
(S. R. No. 21) entitled " A resolution authorizing
the Secretary of the Treasury to modify the plan
of the custom-house at Ellsworth, Maine."
KANSAS AFFAIRS.
Mr. DUNN. _ I rise to a privileged question,
as I understand it. I find, by looking at the order
of business on the Speaker's table, that on the
27th of February there was reported to theHouse,
by the chairman of the Committee on Territo-
ries, House bill (No. 75) to annul certain acts of
the Legislative Assembly of the Territory of
Kansas, and to secuie to the citizens of said Ter-
ritory their rights and privileges; which was re-
ferred to the Committee of the Whole on the state
of the Union. I then moved to reconsider the
vote by which the bill was so referred. I belieye
the motion to reconsider has not yet been acted
on. Am I correct?
The SPEAKER. The motion has not yet
been acted upon.
Mr. DUNN. I then call up the motion to re-
consider, and demand the previous question upon
it.
The previous question was seconded; and the
mam question ordeied.
Mr. CO KB. of Georgia, moved to lay the mo-
tion to reconsider upon the table.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois, demanded
the yeas and nays upon the motion.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. EUSTIS. I call for the reading of the
territorial acts which it is proposed to repeal.
The SPEAKER. It is not in order to call for
the reading of the papers referred to by the gen-
tleman from Louisiana. The only matter for the
House to pass upon is the bill itself, and it is not
in order to call for the reading of extraneous
matter.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I do not wish to
raise any difficulty m the matter, but I suppose
the gentleman from Louisiana has a right to know
what are the laws upon the repeal of which he is
called to vote.
The SPEAKER. It is not in order for the
gentleman from Louisiana, at this stage of the
proceedings, to call for the reading of the papers
designated by him. They are not before the
House.
The question was taken upon Mr. Cobb's mo-
tion; and it was decided m the negative—yeas 69,
nays 93; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Aiken, Baifedale, Bell, Ileudley S. Ben-
nett, Bowie, Branch, Broom, Burnett, John P. "Campbell,
Carlile, Caskie, Howell Cobb, Williamson JR. W. Cobb,
Cox, Cwige, Crawibrd, Davidson, Denver, Dowdell, Ed-
nmnd^on, Enjm-h, Faulkner, Foster, Thomas J. J). Fuller,
Goode, Greenwood. J. Morrison Harris, Sampson W. Har-
risjlhomas L. Harris, Houston,Jewett, George W. Jones,
J. Gjancy Jones, Kennett, Kidwell, Lake, Lmdlov, Lump-
kin, Samuel S. Marshall, Smith Miller, Millson, Peck.
Phelps, Powell, Reade, Ready,Kicand, Rivets, Ruffin, Sav-
age, Seward, Shorter, Samuel A. Smith, William Stnith,
William R. Sryflk^Sneed., Stephens, Stewart, Swope,
jayior, Tnppe.flMjprwood, Valk, Walker, Warner, Wins-
iow, Daniel B. WKght, John V. Wright, and ZoiHeoffer
NAYS—Messrs. Albright, Allison, Ball, Barbour, Henry
