1856.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
205
34th Cong....1st Sess.
Kansas Affairs—Mr. Trumbull.
Senate.
do not understand them to have organized any
resistance to the General Government. I recog-
nize the authority of Congress to govern the Ter-
ritories of this country while they remain Ter-
ritories, and deny the right of that or any other
Territory to set at defiance the action of Congress.
Were the people of Kansas to do that, and levy
war against the United States, they would be
guilty of treason, and the whole power of the
Government should be exerted to reduce them to
subjection and enforce the laws. But that case
has never arisen, and I trust it never may. It is
a very different thing from treason for the people
of Kansas to resist the acts of usurpers and
tyrants. Sir, we are told by an authority little
less than Divine, that " Resistance to tyrants is
obedience to God." If the Legislature which
sat in Kansas was composed of men who were
elected, in defiance of the act of Congress, by an
army of invaders from abroad, I say there is no
obligation on anybody to obey their laws; and
so far from condemning as insurrectionists those
who resist them, we should strengthen the hands
of the men who are seeking to set them aside.
The message and documents the President has
sent us are said to contain "all the information
on the subject" of Kansas affairs in the Depart-
ment of State. This was on the 18th of February,
1856. We have, then, before us all the inform-
ation in the possession of the Executive on the
18th of February last.
To show how the people of Kansas have not
only been imposed upon by a spurious Legisla-
ture, but also the means which have been resorted
to to embarrass and place them in a false position
before the country, and in an attitude of hostility
to the General Government, I beg attention par-
ticularly to the documents which have been laid
before us; and I will undertake to show to the
satisfaction of any intelligent mind that there was
no just occasion for the invasion of Kansas in
December last; that it was gotten up, as appears
from the documents themselves, upon false ru-
mors, and without sufficient cause. The first we
know of this difficulty is in a telegraphic dispatch
from the Governor, Wilson Shannon, as follows:
Westport, Missouri, December 1,1855.
I desire authority to call on the United States forces at
.Leavenworth to preserve the peace of this Territory; to
protect the sheriff of Douglas county, and enable him to
execute the legal process in his hands. If the laws are not
executed, civil war is inevitable. An armed force of one
thousand men, with all the implements of war, it is said,
are m Lawrence. They have rescued a prisoner from the
sheriff, burnt houses, and threatened the lives of citizens.
Immediate assistance is desired. This is the only means
to save bloodshed.
Particulars by mail. WILSON SHANNON.
His Excellency Franklin Pierce.
Now, sir, on what was Governor Shannon's
dispatch founded ? On Sheriff J ones's letter, tell-
ing him that Branson, a person arrested on a peace
warrant, had been rescued by an" armed body
of between forty and fifty men, as the Governor
writes; but of between thirty and forty, as Buck-
ley, who was present at the time of the rescue,
swears.
This was the immediate and the main cause of
that modest request of Sheriff Jones for " three
thousand men to aid him in the execution of
the warrants in his hands, and to protect him
and his prisoner from violence." The prisoner
alluded to was Coleman, who had killed Dow,
but who does not appear from the papers commu-
nicated to have been at the time in the sheriff's
custody.
The affidavits of Jones the sheriff, of Buckley,
who sued out the peace-warrant against Branson,
of Hargis, and the letter of Clark to the Governor
all bear date subsequent to the Governor's dis-
patch to the President, and could not, therefore,
have furnished the grounds on which it was sent.
Togo still further back, we find there was a very
slight excuse, either for the suing out of the
peace-warrant, or the conduct of Jones in arrest-
ing Branson. At the risk of making myself
somewhat tedious, I will read a portion of Buck-
ley's affidavit, made on the 6th of December,
1855, as he gives the origin of the siege of Law-
rence. He swears:
" That he was informed on good authority, and which he
believed to be true, that Jacob Branson had threatened his
life, both before and after the difficulty between Coleman
and Dow, which led to the death of the latter. I understood
that Branson swore that deponent should not breathe the
pure air three minutes after I returned, this deponent at this
time having gone down to Westport, in Missouri; that it
was these threats, made in various shapes, that made this
deponent really fear his life, and which induced him to make
affidavit against the said Branson, and procure a peace-war-
rant to issue, and be placed in the hands of the sheriff of
Douglas county; that this deponent was with the said
sheriff (S. J. Jones) at the time the said Branson was ar-
rested, which took place about two or three o'clock in the
morning; that Branson was in bed when he was arrested
by said sheriff; that no pistol orother weapon was presented
at the said Branson by any one ; that after the arrest, and
after the company with the sheriff had proceeded about five
miles in the direction of Lecompton, the county seat of i
Douglas county, the said sheriff and his posse were set upon i
by about between thirty and forty men, who came outfrom
behind a house, all armed with Sharpe's rifles, and presented
their guns cocked, and called out who they were; and said
Branson replied, that they had got him a prisoner; and these
armed men called on him to come away. Branson then
went over on their side, and Sheriff Jones said they were
doing something they would regret hereafter in resisting the
, laws; that he was sheriff of Douglas county, and as such
had arrested Branson. These armed men replied that they
I had no laws, no sheriff, and no Governor; and that they
knew no laws but their guns. The sheriff being overpow-
ered, said to these men, that if they took him by force of
arms he had no more to say, or something to that import,
and then we rode off."
Jones's account of the forcible rescue agrees
substantially with that of Buckley. Buckley's
complaint against Branson was founded upon
rumor. It scarcely amounted to sufficient to
justify a justice of the peace in issuing a war-
rant. When the warrant was issued, it afforded
no sort of excuse for the arrest of Branson at the
time and place and in the manner it was made.
Branson was the friend of Dow, who had been
killed a few days before by Coleman, who had
escaped; the neighborhood was excited, party
feeling ran high, Branson was quietly sleeping
at home, when, at the dfcad hour of night, his
dwelling was entered by Jones and his posse of
ten men, of whom Buckley, who had sworn out
the peace-warrant, was one; the arrest was made,
and Branson was hurried off in the darkness of
night in the direction of a distant county seat.
His neighbors, learning that a body of men had
entered Branson's house, had seized and were
carrying him they knew not whither, nor for what
purpose, very naturally gathered together to learn
what these things meant. While assembled,
Jones and his party, having Branson in custody,
came passing by. The assembled neighbors call
out in the darkness to know who is there, and,
on being answered by Branson, they tell him to
come with them, which he quietly does; and this
is the rescue of the prisoner, to recapture whom,
and for his.own protection when no man pursued,
Sheriff Jones calls on Governor Shannon for three
thousand men, and the Governor responds to his
call by issuing orders to Generals Richardson
and Strickler to fly to his protection with the
militia, and calls on the President for the addi-
tional assistance of United States troops.
Governor Shannon, in his letter of December
11th to the President, says that not more than
three or four hundred of the militia of the Terri-
tory assembled at the call of Generals Richardson
and Strickler, but that their forces were soon
swelled by men from Missouri to near two thou-
sand men, and that "the great danger to be ap-
prehended was from an unauthorized attack on
the town of Lawrence." What a change was
wrought on Governor Shannon when he saw
how he had been imposed upon by false rumors,
and learned the real truth ! His great fear now;
was that the law and order men whom he had
unnecessarily assembled for the protection of
Jones would make an unauthorized attack upon
the people of Lawrence'. Governor Shannon
repaired to that place, satisfied himself that no
one against whom a writ had been issued was in
Lawrence, had no difficulty in coming to a satis-
factory arrangement with its inhabitants as to
the execution of the laws, which a large majority
of the people claimed they had always been will-
ing to uphold, though they denied the validity of
the acts of the bogus Legislature. A treaty was
then concluded between Governor Shannon and
the people of Lawrence. They were authorized
by him to protect themselves against the army
assembled at Wakarusa under Generals Rich-
ardson and Strickler, which subsequently dis-
banded, and the disturbances in the Territory
were quieted, as the President tells us in lna
special messagein a satisfactory manner." The
history of this whole disturbance, from its incep-
tion in the issuing out of a peace-warrant for
an insufficient cause, till the final disbanding of
the invading army when the Missourians re-
turned grumblingly to their homes, has more the
appearance of a conspiracy on the part of the
officials and others in Kansas to place the free
State settlers in a false position, that an excuse
might be found for attacking and exterminating
them, than of an honest effort to enforce the laws.
Branson seems to have been a quiet, inoffens-
ive man, who needed not to have been put under
bonds to keep the peace, when he was fleeing as
for his life. Sheriff Jones needed no army for
his protection, for no one seems to have been dis-
posed to molest him, nor was an army necessary
for the maintenance of law in Lawrence, for the
people professed themselves willing to submit to
the laws, pave those of the assumed Legislature,
which, by the treaty of peace, which seems to
have been satisfactory to the President, they were
not required to acknowledge. It is manifest that
Governor Shannon acted without sufficient cause
when he assembled an army chiefly of Missou-
rians to enforce the laws against the citizens of
Lawrence; and this is virtually acknowledged by
the treaty of peace which he subsequently made.
The disturbances of December last, the Presi-
dent tells us, " were speedily quieted without the
effusion of blood, and in a satisfactory manner."
What occurred afterwards, and before the 11th of
February last, to justify the President in issuing
a proclamation,—placing the troops of the United
States at the service of Governor Shannon? We
have all the papers before us, and they contain
no application from Governor Shannon for United
States forces since that of December last in refer-
ence to a disturbance which was satisfactorily
terminated long before the proclamation was
issued. I take it, then, the proclamation must
have been issued upon the information commu-
nicated to the President by Lane and Robinson,
informing him that an " overwhelming force of
the citizens of Missouri" were organizing upon
the borders of Kansas for the purpose of demol-
ishing the towns and murdering the unoffending
free-State citizens of the Territory. If it was
upon that information that the p/oclamation was
founded, then it is cruelly unjust to the free-State
men who asked for protection; for it is mainly
directed, not against aggression from Missouri,
but against some fancied insurrection within the
Territory, when there is no evidence of any such
contemplated insurrection in any of the docu-
ments communicated, and we have all the inform-
ation which was in the State Department at the
time the proclamation wa,s issued.
But the order of the Secretary of War to Col-
onels Sumner and Cooke is still more objection-
able than the President's proclamation. The
material part of it is as follows:
" If, therefore, the Governor of the Territory, finding the
ordinary course of judicial proceedings and the powers
vested in United States marshals inadequate for the sup-
pression of insurrectionary combinations or armed resist-
ance to the execution of the law, should make requisition
upon you to furnish a military force to aid him in the per-
formance of that official duty, you are hereby directed to
employ for that purpose such part of your command as may
in your judgment consistently be detached from their ordi-
nary duty."
Would the officers to whom this order is di-
rected be authorized to go to the assistance of the
Governor to repel the expected invasion from
Missouri, should it be attempted ? If not, and the
order is only designed to allow the United States
! forces to be used to prevent the free-State men
i \vithin the Territory from organizing and arming
; to protect themselves against the apprehended in-
vasion, it is both cruel and unjust. I can hardly
think the order could have been so intended. But
the point has been made before, and never satis-
factorily answered. The order is unfortunately
worded, to say the least; and it is much to be
regretted that it should have been so framed as to
give color even to the idea that the General Gov-
ernment was more willing to use its power to put
down insurrection in the Territory than invasion
from without. Senators have justified and com-
mended the entire action of the Executive in ref-
erence to Kansas affairs; but, for my part, I can
see no justification in the documents before us for
such a proclamation and such orders as have been
