1856,.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
214
a time which would seem to be extremely objec-
tionable—under circumstances which would cer-
tainly not be likely to promote the accomplish-
ment of the object it would seem to have in view.
This House has now been engaged for many
weeks in voting for Speaker. The gentleman
from Tennessee [Mr. Zollicoffer] himself has
voted upwards of a hundred times for a particular
candidate. Now, sir, the spectacle which the
House has presented shows that the members of
the House have had such an acquaintance with
the views of the candidates they have been voting
for, as satisfied them in relation to the course
they have pursued.
The principle enunciated in the resolution, that
when a candidate presents himself before the pub-
lic for office, it becomes him, when called upon by
the electors, to give expression to his views upon
such questions as will enable those electors to
arrive ai a proper determination as to the qualifi-
cations of the men for whom they are to cast
their suffrages, is undoubtedly sound. But the
object of this resolution must be something else
besides the mere obtaining of the information
referred to from these gentlemen. The time of
offering it shows this. It is offered, I presume,
with the view of producing some effect upon some
of the parties in this House. It would certainly
seem to be designed to have some effect upon the
Democratic party of the House, or at least upon
the Democratic party of the country. But, before
voting, I wish to say, that to my mind the attempt
will be futile, for the single reason that it is of-
fered by a gentleman who has voted for the gen-
tleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Fuller,] who,
when questioned upon the principle involved in
the Kansas and Nebraska bill, was compelled to
do like him
" Who could divide
A hair between the noilh and noitlieast side,"
to satisfy his supporters; while the candidate
for whom the members of the Democratic party
have been voting is a gentleman who stood at
the head of that party in the House which passed
the bill, and was chiefly instrumental in carrying
it through. Under these circumstances, it strikes
me—and I say it with all due respect—that the
temper displayed by the gentleman from Ten-
nessee who proposes the resolution and his friends,
when they refuse the gentleman from Illinois,
[Mr. ItieuARDhON,] and take the gentleman from
Pennsylvania, [Mr. Fuller,] is similar to that
of the members of a certain sect spoken of in
Scripture, who would strain at a gnat and yet
could swallow a camel.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. I have no ob-
jection to the principle expressed in that resolu-
tion, though I shall vote to lay it on the table,
because I do not believe in the propriety of adopt-
ing resolutions of that kind. I do not think it is !
the business of this House to declare their belief
in the Christian religion, nor in the Declaration
of Independence. I do not believe it is their
business to pass such resolutions as this. Jt is
our duty to go on and vote for Speaker. I vote
in favor of laying on the table.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. If a resolution were
to be introduced declaring that all men are free
and equal, I wonder if the gentleman from Maine
would vote to lay it on the table?
The CLERK. The House has refused to lay
the resolution on the table, and the question re-
curs on ordering the mam question to be now put.
The yeas and nays are ordered.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I withdraw the
call for the previous question, in order that I may
submit the following resolution as an amendment
to the one now under consideration:
Resolved, That aii political organizations in a free Gov-
ernment liKc that of the United brates are v/iort^.
1 now renew the call for the previous question.
Mr. WASHBURN. I move to lay the whole
subject oil the table. [Cries of " Withdiaw the
resolution V* " Hold on to it!"]
Mr. JONES. I withdraw the call for the pre-
vious question, to say that, at the request of my j
friends, who arc apprehensive that the whole 1
subject may be laid on the table on account of
the amendment, T withdraw the amendment,and
renew the call for the previous question on the
original proposition. [Cries of " That is right!"
"Now for the vote !"1
Mr. HUMPHREY MARSHALL. My friend
need not be at all apprehensive that the subject
may be laid on the table. One hundred and sixty-
one voted against laying the original proposition
on the table.
Mr. GIDDINGS. I appeal to the gentleman
from Tennessee to withdraw his call for the pre-
vious question, so that we who desire to may be
heard m reference to this very important propo-
sition. I am anxious that it may be discussed.
I would like to give my own views of the matter;
and there are others who would be glad if they
had an opportunity of being heard on it.
Mr. JONES. 1 do not withdraw the call for
the previous question.
_ Mr. GIDDINGS. I hope, then, that the pre-
vious question will be voted down.
The CLERK. The call for the previous ques-
tion has received a second, and the question is on
ordering the main question to be now put.
Mr. GREENWOOD. I would ask the gen-
tleman who called for the yeas and nays on order-
ing the main question to be now put, that he will
withdraw it, and let us, ns it is the expressed
wish of the House, go to a direct vote on the
proposition.
Several Members. I object.
Mr. SNEED. Will it be m order to submit the
resolution of my colleague [Mr. Jones] by way
of an amendment to the original proposition?
The CLERK. It is not in order. The call
foi the pievious question cuts off all amendment.
Mr. GROW. If the mam question is not or-
dered to be now put, what will be the effect of
the vote on the proposition which is before us ?
Will amendments then be in order?
The CLERK. The effect will be to postpone
the consideration of the resolution until to-mor-
row.
The question was taken on ordering the main
question to be now put, and it was agreed to—
yeas 140, nays 63; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Aiken, Allen, Bali, Banks, Barclay,
Baiksdale, Dell, Hendley S. ilennett, Bocock, Bowk-,
Bovce, T3ianch, Burnett. Cadwnladcr, John P. Campbell,
Lewis D. Campbell,Caslac, Chngman, Howe!! Cobb, Wil-
liamson Jt. W. Cobb,Cox,Craige,Oulicn, Daimeli, David-
son, Henrv Winter Davis, Timothy Davis, Day, Den>ei,
De Witt,, Dickson, Dowdell, Dunn, Edie, Edmuudson, Ed-
wards, Elhott, English, Ethendg<!,EustH,'Evans, Fuulknoi,
Florence, Foster. Hemy M Fullet, Thomas J. D. Fulltn,
Gilbert, Goode, Greenwood, Augustus Ilall, RoheitB. Ilall,
J. Monison Harris, Sampson W. llairis,Thomas L.. Hams,
lIarri?on, Haven, lieibeit, Hickman, Hoffman, Houston,
Jewett, Gpoige W. Jones, Keitt, Kelly, Kennctt, Kidwell,
Knapp, Knight, Knox, Lake, Leiter, Letcher, L-mdley,
Lumpkin, Mace, Alexander K. Maisliall, Humphrey Mar-
shall, Samuel S. Marshall, Maxwell, MeMullm, McQueen,
Smith Millei, Milton, Milhvard, Moore, Mott, Nichols,
Noiton, Andiew Oliver, Mordecai Oliver, Or, Paine, Peck,
Pennington, PetUt, Phelps Poiter, Powell, Cringle, Pur-
vear, Quitman, fteade, Ready, iticaud, Richaidson, Rivers,
Robbms, Jtufim, SandnUje, Savage, Scott, Samuel A. Smith,
YViihain SSmitli, William K. Smith, Sliced, Spiuuei, Ste-
phen*, i?t<Mvait, Talbott/Pavlor/Phoimaton, Todd, Ti ippe,
Tyson, UwcCivvood, VaiU Yalk, Wakhon, Wainer, Elliliu
B. Wa^hbmne, Wat kins, Welch, Wheeler, Whitney,
Williams, Window, Woodworth, Darnel B. Wright, John
V. Wimhi. and Zollicoffer—140.
NAYS—A!bn ht, Allison. Barboui, Henry Ben-
nett, Benson, Bingham, Bh--, Biads-haw, Brenton, Bufimg-
ton,' Burlim>;mie, James II. Campbell, Cimflee, dawson,
Cos fax, Conim-'. (JumbaoK, Dean, Dick, Dodd, Dui lee,
Ennie, Galloway, Giddtngs Granger, Grow, Hailan, JIol-
i'>\va\. Thorn?'-. It. Donon, Valentine ft. Hot ton, llowaid,
Hugbffon, Kclt-ey, Knowlfon, Matte-on. MeCaviy, Meach-
ani,~_Moi<nn,]\It)iriil, Parker, Pearce, Peltou, Pike, Pinvi-
ance, Ritchie. Iiobi>on. Sabm, Saye. Sapp, Siieiman. sum-
mons, Stanton, ^ir.mal^ui, Tappan, Tbui.«foti, Wade,
Wakeman, Walbridge. CVlwaiadei C. Wa-hbuinc, Israel
Washburn, Watson, Wood, and Woodruff—63.
So the main question was ordered to be now
put on the proposition of the gentleman from
Tennessee.
Ponding the above call,
Mr. COMINS (when his name was called) said:
Mr. Clerk, I do not wish to be understood as
being opposed to the principle involved in the
resolution before the House, under ordinaly cir-
cireuilistances. I vote against the resolution now,
because I contend that it does not present a fair
issue. I look upon it as a clap-trap by which
candidates are to be put up and struck oil' at auc-
tion. I am opposed to it, because I am not will-
ing to vote for any mail to occupy the Speaker's
chair whose opinions are not already well enough
known, and who has not already a reputation as
a statesman sufficient to entitle him to the respect
and confidence of this House. I vote 110.
Mr. MAXWELL (when his name was called)
rose and said: Mr. Clerk, I desire to submit a few
remarks by way of reason for the vote which I
shall now give. I vote for this resolution, in the
first place, because I approve of it. I vote for 'it
next because I find in it an indorsement of the
position and action of the Democratic pa.rfe,
which has been so vehemently denounced by tne
party which has put forward this resolution. I
am glad to find, sir, that in the denunciations
which they hurled against us for setting forth by
our caucus resolutions the principles by which
we intend to act here, they admit now that.they
were wrong. I will not remind gentlemen of
the questionings and cross-questionings, misun-
derstandings and repentings; and spectacles' of
painful suspense and doubt which might have
been spared if other gentlemen had chosen to do
likewise. We chose, sir, to act differently from
others; and let me say hero that the responsibility
for the waste of time in this Hall in this way
must be on those who entered on their duties
here, and who have continued in them, without
any such distinct declaration of principles as
would enable us to fix them, or they to fix each
other in their proper places.
In ordinary times, this might have been unim-
portant and unnecessary; but in a time like this,
when we look forward to an unprecedented trial
of our institutions, and when 011c absorbing, vital
question has risen to a height to overshadow all
others, I take it to have been the part of wisdom
to leave nothing to uncertain inference. I am
glad that the gentleman who has announced to us
011 this floor, that he was prevented from uniting
with the Democratic party more because of the
adoption of our resolution in caucus than the prin-
ciples which it announced, feels it necessary that
he should back down from that position, and now
come forward and indorse and justify before the
country the action of that Democratic party in
caucus. Believing that we were right, and that
he ought to have commenced in the same way, I
will vote for the resolution, and give it my hearty
support.
Mr. ZOLLICOFFER. The gentleman is mis-
taken 111 his statement of the position which I
assumed on the occasion to which he has referred.
Mr. MAXWELL. 1 understood the gentle-
man to say several days ago—and members will
remember the omphalic earnestness with which
he spoke—that the Democratic party had adopt-
ed a resolution of such a charactcr that ho could
not vote for the candidate of that* party without
a forfeiture of self-respect, until that resolution
announcing our principles was withdrawn. I
only mean to say now, that, if I understood him
correctly, he says that we were not only right in
enunciating our principles, but that the time has
come, after six weeks of vain effort to elect a
Speaker, when lie thinks that everybody else
ought to be brought forward 011 principle. That
is all I intend to say.
Mr. ZGLLICOFFER. It strikes mo that the
gentleman's inference from what I said to the
House the other day is rather a remarkable one.
I offer a resolution declaring, in my opinion, that
it is the duty of gentlemen who aspire to office
to answer frankly and fully all questions put to
| them affecting the political principles involved in
J such election. The objection to the Democrats
I caucus resolution was, that it stigmatized me and
| the gentlemen with whom I act, as being willing
i to deprive a portion of the American people of
their civil and religious rights. I objected to it
further, because I thought, in the present tendency
to organize two great sectional geographical par-
ties, the resolution making the affirmative of one of
the most exciting sectional questions before the
country a mere party position, was inopportune.
I retract nothing of that position; and I wonder
how it is possible that the gentleman can infer,
from anything that I have said, that I have backed
down from it.
Mr. MAXWELL. Has my time expired ?
The CLERK. It has.
Mr. MAXWELL. I would like to say a word
in response to the gentleman. I understood the
gentleman to complain of us for adopting that
platform. I now find him coming forward with
a resolution which implies that it would have
been a very proper thing m every other party of
the House to adopt a platform. He said that he
regarded our resolution as a stigma on him^ and
the party with which lie acted. Why, sir, is
there anything in that resolution of which he had
not a previous knowledge? I doubt not that 011
every stump where he met his opponent during
