 io
TOE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 11,
■the last canvass, he fouiid'him announcing the
same things published in that resolution, Surely
ffKr friend does not want to be understood here
jthat he merely objects to our saying what he
knew before, and that he was stigmatized by our
™Mr^ZOLLICOFFER. I deem it unnecessary
to make any further reply. I objected at the time
to the positions taken in that platform. I see
one candidate frankly and fully answering every
■question which is put to him. I see the other
two candidates covering themselves up, because
they are candidates, and refusing to answer ques-
tions put to them.
Mr. RICHARDSON. I agree with the gen-
tleman that it is proper for me to answer all ques-
tions fairly and frankly, and I have done so.
Mr. ZOLLICOFFER. I have now presented
certain interrogatories in writing to the gentleman
from Illinois. If it is proposed to propound them
to the other candidates, 1 would be glad that they
might be furnished with copies of them.
Mr. SHERMAN. I desire to offer a substi-
tute for the resolution, which I will read; and, in
order that I may have an opportunity of offering
it., I shall vote against the previous question now.
It is this:
Booked, That thfi only tests of the opinions of any can-
didate for public office aie Ins votes and acts; and that no
man ought to occupy tlie high position of Speaker of tins
House whose opinions on important political questions are
so unknown that it is necessary to examine him as a wit-
ness.
For the purpose of offering that as an amend-
ment, and hoping the main question will not be
ordered, I vote no.
Mr. SIMMONS (when his name was called)
said: I take this occasion to explain very briefly
why I am opposed to the resolution. 1 am op-
posed to it 011 principle. It is destructive of the
representative character, and would convert Rep-
resentatives into mere slaves. But that is not
the worst of it: Representatives are assembled
together for the purpose of deliberation and com-
parison of ideas, and not for the purpose of each
man bringing with him a set of fixed prejudices
from home. The true representative charaiter
is to have certain general principles known to tlic j
constituency, without writing letters or commit-1
■ ting them to paper.
Then, sir, I have another objection to it. We [
all know that there are some persons—there are
some herefrom my own State—who we re strongly j
of the opinion, two years ago, that the Missouri !
compromise ought to be restored, and so certified ;
in letters, which I can produce and quote, and
yet they have changed their sentiments since then, ,
and have gone uvcr to the other party. Now, I J
want to keep the door open. I do not want to i
compel persons to commit moral treason, and
have it said by their constituents that they prom-
ised one thing and performed another. If wo
would just give cvriy one the right to lie account-
able only for general principles, and to preserve
the true representative thai after here, and, after
hearing the opinions and arguments of others, be
at liberty to vote, as the eonsLidents of all ol' us
would if they were here, then 1 should luive no
objection to it. But to adopt a principle by which
a person is to be committed to a particular opinion,
uncompared with others, and then srnt to a de-
liberative body, is an absurdity, mul repugn,uit
to my ideas. Somebody has got to change, unless,
by a mathematical impossibility, they should nil
happen to coincide.
Now, sir, after we have voted for gentlemen a
hundred times, it is gravely proposed, at this late
day, to inquire what are their opinions on certain
questions. It seems to me that we should make
ourselves ridiculous, if, aftu* voting a hundred
times for the same candidates, and knowing them,
as the whole country does, we were to put cate-
chetical questions to them on simple elementary
doctrines. I vote no.
The result of the vole was then announced, as
recorded above.
Mr. STANTON. I move that this House do
now adjourn.
The motion was disagreed to.
The question recurred—will the House agree
to the resolution offered by the gentleman from
Tennessee, [Mr. Zollicotter?]
Mr. GREENWOOD. 1 call for the yeas and
nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. PAINE. I would inquire whether the
amendment offered by the gentleman from Ten-
nessee [Mr. Jones] is pending?
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. It was with-
drawn.
Mr. HUMPHREY MARSHALL. I thought
the gentleman said that he would offer it again.
Why, that is the very pith of the whole thing.
[Laughter.]
The question was then taken, and it was de-
cided in the affirmative—yeas 155, nays 38; as
follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Aiken, Allen, Ball, Banks, Barbour,
Barclay, Barksdale, Bell, Hendley S. Bennett, Bingham,
Bilss, Bocock, Bowie, Boyce, Branch, Brenton, Burnett,
Cadwalader, John P. Campheil, .Lewis 1). Campbell, Ca-
rutheis, Caskie, Chngman, Howeii Cobb, Williamson R.
W. Cotih, Oolfax, Cox, Ciaige, Cullen, Cumhack, Dam-
re!!, Davidson, Henry Winter Davis, Timothy Davis, D3y,
J lean, Denver, lie Witt, Dickson, Dowdell, Dunn, £dic,
Edmundson, Edwards, JElhoit, Emrie, English, Ether-
ldge, Eustis, Evans, Faulkner, Florence, Foster, Henry
M. Fuller. Thomas J. D. Fuller, Giddings, Gilbeit, Goode,
Greenwood, Angelas Hall, tloheit it. Hall, Harlan,
Sampson W. Harris, Thomas L. Harris, Harn.on, L'e'k-
man, [lotimr.n, Valentine B. Jloiton, Ci.mton, Jewell,
George W. Jones, Kent, Kelly, Tiennett, Unlived, Knapp,
Knight, Knox, X.ake, Loiter, Letcher, Lindley, Lump-
kin, Humphrey Marshall, .Samuel £5. Maishail, Maxwell,
jVieMuHin, .VIeQuccn, Smith Millet, Million, Milhvnrd,
Meore, Hloirn!, Mott, Nichol.*, Noiton, Andrew Olivei,
Moidecai Oliver, Orr, Pain", Parker, Feck, Pelton, Phelps,
Porter, Powell, l'rmgle, Puiyeai, Cltutinan, Keade, Ready,
liichaidson, Kivcis, Iluliin, Bust, ^ahm, iiandidge, Sav-
age, t?eoit, Wiliiam Fmilh, Wiiham 11. E?nuili, Sneed,
Spinner, Stephens, Ftowart, 8wope, Tnlbott, Tappan,
Taylor, 'j'honnston, Todd, Trippe, Ty.=on, Undent ood,
Vail, Vaik, Wad'1, Wakemaii, Watdioi:, Wanser, Cad-
waie.der G\ Wa?!lbu<.ie, Elliltu T>. Washbunie, Wntkins,
Welch, Wheeler, Whitney, Williams, Winslow, Wood-
ruff, Woodvvorth, Daniel 15- Wiiglit, John V. Wright, and
Zoilicoii'ei—155.
A" AVH—Messrs. Aihir'hf, Henrj Bennett, Benson, Brad-
shaw, Bulfin^ton, Burliimanie, James II. Campbell, Chaf-
fee, dawson, Comms, Uiaein. Durlee, Flaatei. Galloway,
Granges, Glow, Haven, Hoilow.iy, Thomas it. Honon,
Howard, Ilushstca, Kelsey, Knowlton, Matteson, ftfe-
Oarty, Morgan, Penniiutto'i, Pmvinnee, Bobbins, Bege,
Sapp, ^immoiit-.^lr'iito.i, ritu.halian/nmisum, Walbndge,
lsiael Wa.-hiiuin, Watson, and Wood—38.
So the resolution was agreed to.
While the roll was being called, the following
remarks were made:
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Pennsylvania, (who,
owing to the confusion, was very imperfectly
heard, when his name was called) said: I deem
it proper, Mr. Clerk, to give the reasons for the
vote I'am about to east. I will not slop to inquire
whether the members of this great body are pre-
pared to stultify themselves by declaring, by the
passage of that resolution, that they have voted
for g'Mtli-men upon the iloor of this House over
a hundred times, without knowing the principles
they profess. Nor will I stop now to call atton-
tiou«t' i the fact, that the honorable gentleman from
Illinois [Mr. Rich utoson] refused, upon the
floor of this House, to answer interrogatories put
to him, upon the ground that he was a candidate
for tiie honors of this House, and, therefore, not
upon an equality with his questioner. 1 merely
desire to say that, I am prepared to take the
responsibility of voting against that '-'solution.
I do it with ihe distinct, declaration that I am in
favor of the sentiment embodied m the proposi-
tion. 1 hiivo new voted for a candid'.to in my
1 he, culler for ,ni important office, or tor n sobor-
jt kiiowiiig his views and scnti-
<\d issues of the day. But I
am o;:oo5t d to ail i'ttniier discussion; 1 want to
proceed with the business of this House. I am
siaeere in that wish. 1 am in favor of moving
rLrectiv to the election of a Speaker; and I there-
for" vote no.
l.Ir. DAVIDSON (when his name was called)
, said: X desire to ask the gentleman from Tcn-
neseee [Mr. Zoi.licoffer] a question.^ In reply-
: iug to the gentlemen from Florida [Air. Max-
; wui] he remarket! that the Democratic party
! had gone, before the country on a sectional issue,
i 1 desire to ask him if he considers the obolish-
1 ment of the Missouri line a sectional issue ?
Mr. ZOLLJOOifFER. I made a statement
of my "position some days ago. Perhaps tiiat
gentleman and others do no!, coriectly understand
what that position is, and 1 am eh el the gentle-
man from Louisiana has given me an opportunity
to explain it. I did not regard the repeal of the
Missouri restriction as a sectional question; but
I believe, in view of the history of tlie legislation
of this Government within the last two years,
and of the strong tendency in public events within
.iimee oi.", wit,
mi ht'J r.f e"i the po
that period to tlie organization of two great geo-
graphical parties in this country, that that partic-
ular action of the Democratic party of adopting
that resolution at this time, under these circum-
stances, as a mere party position upon one of the
most exciting public questions before the Ameri-
can people ,was inopportune and impolitic, because
it did tend to promote the organization of two
great geographical parties. I will further explain
to the gentleman. I am a Nebraska man; I voted
for the Nebraska bill earnestly, and believing
that it was my duty to do so; and I am as firm a
supporter of the principles of the Nebraska bill,
as 1 understand it, as is the gentleman from Lou-
isiana, or any other gentleman; but, sir, I believe
that in view of the strong tendency to the forma-
tion of two great geographical parties, it is my
duty, as a Representative upon this floor, under
the circumstances which surroundus, to endeavor
to take a position which, while maintaining the
constitu tional rights of every section of the Union,
would be as near a constitutional, national, middle
position in its character as possible, enabling
northern and southern men to stand together in
the maintenance of the Constitution and the
Union. This Nebraska bill having, by the course
of the Democratic party, assumed something of
a party a'spect, I do not deem it necessary to take
an affirmative party position upon it, throwing
the gauntlet to the balance of the world, in organ-
izing this House.
Mr. DAVIDSON. I desire to ask the gentle-
man, if he does not think the Kansas bill does
pro tect the interest of every section of this country ?
Mr. ZOLLICOFFER. I do. When r SP.e "le
supporters of the Nebraska bill differing so widely
among themselves; when I have seen that bill
sustained in the North because it was a measure
in favor of freedom, and in the South because it
was a southern measure; when I see the Demo-
cratic party come up and take a mere party posi^
tion on that question; when I see men standing
together in advocacy of that measure who differ
so widely in their interpretations of it, and select
as a candidate for the speakership a man who is
upon the record on the points which I make in my
interrogations this morning,—I feel it is my duty
to disclose such facts.
Mr DAVIDSON. I would ask the gentleman
from Tennessee, if the so-called American party
docs not differ as widely before the country upon
that question as the Democratic party does?
Mr. ZOLLICOFFER. I may not hear the
gentleman distinctly, but I have not attempted to
make the Nebraska bill a party question; and I
voted with gentlemen who differed with me widely
uoon other questions; and I think it wrong now
to make it a sectional party question.
Mr. DAVIS, of Maryland. I concur in the
general sentiments of that resolution. In an ear-
lier period of the session, however, I should have
voted against it, as an abstraction inapplicable
to the precise position of affairs in this body. I
shall vote for it now, in order that all candidates
here may stand before the House upon an even
footing. There are, three prominent candidates
before tlie House—the honorable gentleman from
Pennsylvania, [Mr. h'uLL^a,] the honorable gen-
tleman from Illinois, [Mr. Richardson,] and the
honorable gentleman from Massachusetts, [Mr.
Banks.] liy a series of sharp and pressing inter-
rogatories, the honorable gentleman from Penn-
sylvania [Mr. Fuller] has been required to
stale his whole political position upon the ques-
tion which now constitutes the difficulty which
lies in the way of the organization of this House.
The difficulty which presents itself is the error
into which all gentlemen have fallen, in supposing
that any political issue can be made upon the
election of any presiding officer of this body.
Upon that question, sir, I-have no politics. I can
vote for any gentleman into whose hands 1 be-
lieve the interests, the dignity, and tlie honor of
this country will be safe. But, since gentlemen
upon the other side of the House have seen fit to
throw obstacles in the way of the election of the
gentleman for whom I have cast my vote, because
of my personal confidence in him I am not con-
tent that other gentlemen shall carry away large
bodies of votes in this House in the dark. The
honorable gentleman from Illinois [Mr. Riciiakd-
son] may now be willing to answer questions
which have been put to him; and the honorable
gentleman from Massachusetts, [Mr. Banks,] for
