THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 29,
. as maybe prescribed bylaw; butin no case removed to the
supreme court shall trial by jury be allowed in said court.
, "The supreme Court, or the justices thereof, shall appoint its
owl* clerk, and every clerk shall bold his office at the pleas-
tire of the court for which be shall have been appointed.
Writs of error and appeals from the final decisions of said
supreme court shall he allowed in all cases whatsoever,
civjl or criminal, except as hereinafter limited, and may be
" taken to the Supreme Court of the United States, m the
same manner and under the same regulations as from the
circuit courts of the United States; but in civil suits, where
the value of the property or the amount m controversy, to
be .ascertained by the 'dath or affirmation of either party, or
other competent witness, shall not exceed $1,000, no such
appeal or writ of error shall be allowed; and each of the
said district courts shall have and exercise the same juris-
diction in ail cases arising under the Constitution and laws
of the United States as is vested in the circuit and district
courts of the United States; and the first six days of every
term of said courts, or so much thereof as shall be neces-
sary, shall be appropriated to the trial of causes arising
under the said Constitution and laws; and writs of error
and appeal in all such cases shall be made to the supreme
* court of said Territory, the same as m other cases. The
said clerk shall receive, in all such cases, the same fees
which the clerks of the district courts of Nebraska Teru-
tory now receive for similar services.
Sec. 10. And be it further enacted, That there shall be
appointed an attorney for said Territory, who shall continue
in office for four years, unless sooner lemoved by the Pres-
ident, and who shall receive the same fees and salary as
the attorney of the United States for the present Territory
of Nebraska. There shall also be a marshal for the Terri-
tory appointed, who shall hold his office for four years,
unless sooner removed by the President, and who shall ex-
ecute all processes issuing from the said courts, when exer-
cising their jurisdiction as circuit and district couits of the
United States; he shall perform the duties, be subject to
the same regulation and penalties, and be entitled to the
same tegular fees, as the marshal of the district court of
the United States for the present Territory of Nebraska,
and shall, in addition, be paid two hundred dollars annu-
ally as a compensation for extra services.
Sec. 11. And be it further enacted, That the Governor,
secretary, chief justice, and associate justices, attorney,
and maishal, shall be nominated, and, by and with the ad-
vice and consent of the Senate, appointed by the President
of the United States. The Governor and secretary to be
appointed as aforesaid shall, before they act as such, respect-
ively take an oath or affirmation before the district judge,
or some justice of the peace m the limits of said Territory,
duly authorized to administer oaths and affirmations by the
laws now in force therein, or before the chief justice or
yome associate justice of the Supreme Court oi the United
States, to support the Constitution of the United States, and
faithfully to discharge the duties of their respective offices ;
which said oaths, when ho taken, shall be certified by the
person by whom the same shall have been taken; and such
ceitificatcs shall be received and recorded by the said sec-
retary among the executive proceedings; and the chief
justice and associate justices, and all other civil othccis m
said Territory, before they act as such, shall take a like
oath or affirmation before the «aid Governor or secretary,
or some judge oi justice of the peaec of the Temtory, who
irjay be duly commissioned and qualified, which said oath
or affirmation shall be certified and transmitted, by the
person takmg the same, to the secretary, to be b> hun
recorded as aforesaid; and afterwards, the like oath or
affirmation shall be taken, certified, and recorded, m such
manner and form as may be piescribed by law. The Gov-
ernor shall receive an annual salary oj $i2,000 as Governot,
and $1,OOU as supeuntendent of Indian affairs. The chief
jUhtlce and associate justice* ehall each receive an annual
salary of $1,800. The secretary .shall receive an annual
salary of $1,600. The said salaries shall be paid quauei-
yearly, at the Treasury of the United States. The members
of the Legislative Assembly shall be entitled to receive
three dollars each per day, during their attendance at the
sessions thereof, and three dollars each for every twenty
miles,* travel in going to and returning from the said sessions,
emanated according to the nearest usually traveled loute.
There shall be appropriated annually the sum of {$1,000, to
be expended by the Governor to defray the contingent ex-
penses of the Territory; and there shall also be appropriated
annually a sufficient sum, to be expended by the secretary
of the Territory, and upon an estimate to he made bv the
Secretaiy of the Treasury of the United States, to defray
the expenses of the Legislative Assembly, the printing of
the laws,and other incidental expenses; and the secretary
of the Territory shall annually account to the Secietaiyof
the Treasury of the United States for the manner in which
the aforesaid sum shall have been expended.
Sec. 1*2. And beitfurther enacted, That the inhabitants
of the stud Territory shall be entitled to all the rights, pnvi-
leges, and immunities granted and secured to all the citi-
zens of the United States by the laws of the United States
not in conflict with the provisions of this act, and also all
the rights, privileges, and immunities giuuantied by the
constitution of the United States; and the laws of the
United States are hereby extended over and declared to be
in force in said 1 crntory, so far as the same, or anv provis-
ion thereof, may be applicable. ' '
Sec. 13. Andbe it further enacfei, That the Legislative
Assembly of the Teiritory of Kansas shall hold its fir-t ses-
sion at such timo and place in said Territory a? the G wr-
nor thereof shall appoint and direct; and at said first ses-
sion, or as soon thereafter as they shall deem expedient the
Governor and Legislative Assembly may proceed to locate
and establish the seat of government for said Territory at
such place as they may deem eligible ; which place, how-
ever, may thereafter be subject to be changed by the le isU-
five authority- of said Territory. °
Sec. 14. And he it further enacted, That a Delegate
having the qualifications of a member of the Legislative \$~
sembly in said Territory, to the House of Representatives
of the United States, to serve for the term ot one year, may
be elected by the voters qualified to elect members of the
■Legislative Assembly, at the first election contemplated by
this act, who ahull be entitled to the same rights and privi-
leges as are exercised and enjoyed by the Delegates from
the several other Territories of the United States to tne
said House of Representatives. And thereafter such Dele-
gates shad be chosen at euch time as may be prescribed by
law, and shall serve for the term of two years. The per-
son having the greatest number of legal votes for such Dele-
gate shall be declared by the Governor to be duly elected,
and a certificate thereof shall be given accordingly.
Sec. 15. Jlnd be it further enacted, That all suits, pro-
cesses, and proceedings, civil and criminal, at law and in
chancery, and all indictment* and informations which shall
be pending and undetermined in the courts of the Temtory
of Kansas or of New Mexico, when this act shall take ef-
fect, shall remain in said courts where pending, to be heard,
tried, prosecuted, and determined in such courts, as though
this act had not been passed: Provided, nevertheless, That
all criminal prosecutions now pending m any of the courts
of the Territory of Kansas imputing to any person or per-
sons the crime of treason against the United States, and ail
criminal prosecutions, by information or indictment, against
any person or pcr ons for any alleged violation or disregard
whatever of what are usually known as the laws oi the
Legislature of Kansas, shall bo forthwith dismissed by the
coui ts where such prosecutions, may be pending, and every
person who may be restrained of his liberty by reason of
any of said prosecutions, shall be leleased therefrom with-
out delay. Nor shall there hcieafter be instituted and
criminal prosecution in any of the courts of the United
State.-,, or of said Terrirory, against any person or persons
for any such charge of treason m said Territory prior to tne
passage of this act, or any violation or disregaid of said
legislative enactments at any time.
Sec. 16. Jlnd be it further enacted, That all justices of
the peace, constables', sheiifits, and all other judicial and
rnmioteual officers, wno shall be in office w.tbin the. limits
of said Termoiy when this act shall take effect, shall be,
and they are hereby, authorized and required to continue
to exercise and perform the duties of then respective offices
as officcip oi the Tcmoiy of Kon as, temporarily, and until
they, or others, shall be duly appointed oi qualified to fill
theii places in the manner herein dueeted, or until their
offices shall he abolished.
Sue. 17. And he it further enacted, That the moneys here-
tofore appropriated for the purchase of a hbiary for said
Territory, if not already, shall be expended by and under
the direction of the said Governor of the Temtory of Kan-
sas, m the puichase of a library, to be kept at the beat of
Government, for the use of the Governor, Legislative As-
sembly, judges of the supreme eomt, secretaiy, marshal,
and attorney of said Territory, and such other peisona and
under such regulations as shall be prescubod bylaw.
Sec. 1§. Ami be it further enactcd, That when the lands
in the said Temtory hhatl he surveyed under the dnection
of the Government of the United States, preparatory to
bringing the same into inaiket, sections numbered sixteen
and tlmty-MX m each township in said Temtory UiaU be,
and the tame aie heieby, received for the pui pose of being
applied to the support of common schools in ^aidTeriitoiy,
and in the State or States and Teuitoues hereafter to be
erected cut oi the same, 111 such way and mulcr such regu-
lations and restrictions as Congress may hereafter prescube
or assent to.
sec. 19. Ami he it further enacted, That,tempoiarily, and
until otherwise pioviued by law, the Governor of said Tei-
ritoiy may define the judicial districts of said Temtory, and
assign the judges who aie or may be appointed for saul Ter-
ritory to the sevetal districts, and also appoint the times
and places toi holding couits m the seveiai counties or sub-
division* m each of said judicial distiicts, by piocUmation
to be i^ued by hun ; bat the Legislative Assembly, at their
fii->t <>r any Mibs-cquent ^nmoii, may oiganize, alter, or
modify, such judicial deducts, and assign the judges, and
altei the tunes and places oi holding the couits, a? to them
shuil .-cim proper and convenient.
Sr.c. -20. Awl be it further enaded, That all officers to be
appointed -by the President, by and with the advice and
consent of the Senate, for the Temtory of Kansas, who,
by vhuie of the piovKjons of any law now existing, or
which may be enacted during the piesent Congress, are
lequued to give seeumy for moneys that may be'intrusted
with them ioi disbursement, shall give such security at such
time and place, and in such manner, as the Secretary of
the Treasury may pi escribe.
Sec.21. Andbeit further enacted, That all treaties,laws,
and other t r.gagemcnts made by the Government of the
United States with the fndian tribes inhabiting any part of
the Territory emCiaced within thi<? act, shall be faithfully
and rigidly ob-ictved, notwithstanding anything contained
m this act; and that the existing agencies and superintend-
ences of said Indians be continued with the same powers
and duties which aie now picscribed by law, except that
rhc President of the United States may, at his discretion,
change the location of the office of superintendent. And
the word inhabitant or inhab.tanfs, in this act, shall not be
con.i trued to iciate to any Indian or Indians waiim said Ter-
ritory unites they aie citizens of the United States.
Sec. 22. And be it further e.iactcd, That for the puipose
of promoting the cau^e of learning, advancing the aits of
peace, and giving agricuituial enteipuse and mechanical
labor the aid of science, as the lands in said Temtory shall
be surveyed under the diiecUon ot the United States, pre-
paiatoiyto bunging the same into market, there shall he,
in addition to the re-eivation horembefoie made for the
support of common schools, fuither reserved from sale
wuhm =aid Toratoiy nine entne townships of land, to he
located and ueM<;unted in different parts of said Territojy,
in a tract or tiar t- of at leas'), one entire towr.bhin in a body,
by oi undei di.ettion of the Secretaiy of tile lutenor, six
of wh. "•!' tow n-hip> <no heieby set ripait endowments,
under t!n future tluc'f'ti«/i   >{ C<)n.«.v^, to ■such universities
of i^aiiiiiig a- sliall he established by the State ot States
which iii i% ho formed out ofc-cul Temtory aiter the same
shall have been admitted into the Union; and the other
throe townships, under like direction, as endowments,
and for the support of mechanical and agucultmal profes-
sorships and departments which may be eoune.ncd with
sucii universities as may in iike manner be piuvided and
established by such new State or States to be formed out
of said Territory, or such agricultural and mechanical
schools as may be established by such State or States, dis-
connected with and independent of such universities of
learning; but neither the said Territory, nor the State or
States thereof to be formed, shall in anywise interfere with
any part of the lands reserved in this act without the con-
sent of Congress first thereto had and obtained, and then
only so far as such consent may be expressly given. And
m like manner, as the lands in the Territory of Nebraska
shall be surveyed as aforesaid, there shall be reserved fiom
sale eighteen entire townships in the said Territory, to be
located and designated as those are required to be m the
Territory of Kansas, in all respects, twelve of which shall
be held as endowments for universities of learning, and six
for such mechanical and agricultural professorship* or
schools, as may be provided and established ; and such re-
served townships shall, in all respects, be subject to the
same regulations, restrictions, and provisions m the Terri-
tory of Nebiaska, or the State or States thereofto be formed,
so far as is applicable, a^ ate hereinbefore prescribed m set-
erence to the like reservations in the Territorv of Kansas,
and shall be for the benefit of and subject to "such regula-
tions, restrictions, limitations, and provisions, as shall heie-
after be established by law in regard to the now State or
States that shall in 1'utuie be formed out of the said Terri-
tory of Nebraska. And it shall further be the duly pf said
Secretaiy to cause to be selected, located, and reserved
from sale in the said Territories of Kansas atul Nebraska,
respectively, two sections of land elsewheie m said Tem-
tories, lespectivcly, for each and every township above re-
quired to be reserved from sale, in lieu of sections sixteen
and thirty-six in said reserved townships; and the eighteen
sections m Kansas and the thirty-six sections m Nebraska
so to be selected and set apart in lieu of the sections six-
teen and thirty-six of the aforesaid reserved townships, shall
be reserved from sale for the support of common school->m
said respective Territories, and be subject to the same le-
stnetions in all respects, as are hereinbefore provided for
other sections set apart to the use of common schools.
Sec. 23. Jlnd be it further enacted, That, for the purpose
of encouraging the speedy settlement of our new Temtoues
of Kansas and Nebraska by a population of sufficient foice
to defend themselves against all depredations of the Indians,
or of other evil-disposed persons, and thus to relieve the
Government of the burden and expense of maintaining, at
great cost and inconvenience, military posts and patrohng
troops in those remote Territories, every white person,
being the head of a family and a citizen of the United
States, or who, if of foreign birth, shall have made a decla-
ration, m due tbmi of law, of intention to become a citizen
of the (Jmted States, who shall locate upon any of the lands
of the (Jmted States intended for sale in said Territories,
and improve and cultivate the same, at any time before the
1st day of January, 1858, and shall continue to reside
thereon for one whole year with his or her family, shall be
entitled to continue such occupancy for that"time, and
afterwards to the 1st day of January, 186U, as by preemp-
tion, and until such lands shall be surveyed by the United
States, and ready for sale, by filing a notice of such settle-
ment, and intention to claim the benefit of such preemp-
tion, with the register of the land office of the district in
which .such location may be made, if the same is embraced
in any land district, and, if not so embiaced, with the regis-
ter of the nearest land office ; which notice shall be acced-
ing to such forms, and made in such way, ay trie Ser-I-ctaiv
of the Interior shall prescribe. And it shall be tiie duty of
, said Secretary to cause such public notice of lus afoio>3id
regulations touching preemptions to be given in saut Tem-
tory as he may deem necessary for the benefit of pieeinp-
tois ; and also by publication m two newspapers of general
circulation m Washington city. And when any person,
entitled to the benefit of a preemption, shall file hi.-, notice
of the same as shall be directed, the register of such land
office shall give to sucli person a certificate theieof. And
the lands specified in such notice shall not be subject to
entry, at public oi private sale, by any othe*- person than
such preemptor, or, in the event of the death, then of the
legal heir, or heirs, of the preempior, until after the said 1st
day of January, 1860. But such preemptor, or, in the event
of death, then the heir or heirs of the preemptor, may, at
any time after the filing of such notice—if still occupying
said lands when said lands shall have been suiveyed and
ready for sale—before the said 1st day of January, i860, ha
peimitted to enter said preempted lands, not exceeding m
quantity one quarter section, according to the legal vt;ys
and the legal divisions into quarter sections, or quan-
tities, at the pricc of five cent* per acre, by making pioof,
in Mich way as said Secretary shall direct, of such cultiva-
tion and occupancy as above lequired, to the receiver oi the
proper land office; but no such preemption or purchase
shall embrace lands in more than one quauci acctam.
Whenever it shall be found by the surveys, when made,
that more than one person, entitled to a piecmptiou, is
located upon the same quarter section, such per-on* may
enter that quarter section in common, and also other lands,
as by preemption under this act, not exceeding, however,
in amount, one quarter section for eveiy one "preemptor,
ond m no case exceeding in the aggregate four quaiter-
sections for any such common preemption; or, if such
common occupants agree thereto, they may enter their said
lands separately, instead as above provided m common :
Provided, That nothing m this act shall bo so construed as
to authorize any preemption, or purchase under pieemp-
tion, of any lands m either of said Territones re-erved bv
tin- act for any educational purpose, or of any land* \\ uvh
have been, oi shall hereafter be, reseived by Ooueios^, ior
any other purpose whatever, from salo ; or ot ai<y .-ahno
lands, or lands containing mines of gold, silver, copp, r. lead,
quickMlvoi, platma, zinc, or tin. "And whose the lands m
said Temtoues, or either of them, shall he surveyed, any
pei .on or per&ons who may have located upon any such
reservations may locate and have a preemption light of pur-
chase ofothei lands subject thereto, according to tne pro-
visions of this act, m cither of said Territories, without
having resided upon or cultivated the same, by giving no-
tice and making proof and payment as above piovided :
And jirovided further, That the right of preemption -shuil
