£06
APPENDIX TO Me CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[March 11,
34th Cong....1st Sess.
Kansas Contested Election—Mr. Dunn.
Ho. of Reps.
issued. When an invading army marched into
Kansas, and controlled its elections by driving its
inhabitants from the polls, we were told the Presi-
dent had no such official knowledge of the fact as
would justify his interference to protect the ballot-
box. How is it that he could neither see nor
hear of those invasions, in utter disregard of an
act of Congress, and yet is so ready, without any
official information, to take notice of an opposition
to the enactments of a spurious Territorial Legis-
lature ? The fact that Governor Reeder did not
officially notify him of the Missouri invasions is
no excuse. It is the duty of the President to see
that the laws of the United States be faithfully
executed; and if Reeder neglected his duty he
should have removed him. It cannot be that the
President was uninformed of the manner in which
the elections in Kansas were carried; the facts
were proclaimed throughout the land, and known
to everybody. _ i
I would not censure the President for making !
use of the Army of the United States to prevent
civil war in Kansas, or to put down resistance to
acts of Congress; but I hope never to see the
United States soldiers engaged in forcing sub-
mission to the barbarous and inhuman acts of
that spurious Legislature which was forced upon
the people of Kansas by violence and against
their will. As a remedy for existing evils, if
Congress will not restore the Missouri compro-
mise, it ought at least to annul the present terri-
torial acts, and give the actual settlers an oppor-
tunity to elect a Legislature for themselves, a
privilege which they assert has thus far been
denied them, and which assertion this report does
not venture to deny.
KANSAS CONTESTED ELECTION.
SPEECH OF HON. GEO. G. DUNN,
OF INDIANA,
In the House of Representatives,
March 11,1856,
On the Resolution reported by the Committee of Elections
in the Contested-Election case from the Territory of
Kansas.
Mr. DUNN said:
Mr. Speaker: I had not felt disposed to engage
generally in this discussion, and do not now pro-
pose to follow it through its whole range. Some
things have been said, however, which I think
ought to be noticed more fully than they have as
yet been upon (if I am strictly in order, perhaps
1 should sav) this side of the House; but, as I do
not precisely understand my belongings in this
breaking up and attempted reorganization of par-
ties, and the consequent confusionoftonguesaround 1
me, it may be thought a slight transgression of
some rule of propriety at least for me to call this
my side of the House.
I have read with care the majority and minority
reports in regard to this contested election, and
nave listened, with a good deal of attention, to
most that has been said by gentlemen upon each
side of the controversy. The impression which
i expressed some days ago, as to what ought to
be done, remains unchanged. There ought to be
an investigation—a thorough investigation of
these matters, not alone for the narrow purpose
of determining who, or whether any one, shall
occupy the seat set apart here for the Delegate
from Kansas, but for that broader and higher
purpose alluded to by the gentleman from South
Carolina, [Mr. Boyce,] who opened this debate.
I here should be, in my judgment, an investi-
gation into the general affairs of Kansas. And let
me, before going further, ask gentlemen who
oppose tins thing to consider a little how you will
stand before the country in that opposition ? I
/in ndf ocilr fKin in *Li* i_. .% * — —
Nothing
j % i . 7 liiai upuu
do not ask this in the light of a threat.
of the sort is my purpose or spirit. That would
be unworthy alike of you and of myself; but I
ask you to consider it only with reference to what 1
is an imperative obligation upon us all—the pro-
motion of the peace and harmony of this coun-
try. A refusal to elicit and present in a reliable
form what is true in regard to these troubles will
work mischief to those who refuse. Look at what
is caargwL On the one side it is said that large
bodies of men, in open defiance of law and disre-
gard of their obligations to their brethren of the
South, and to their country, led on by the emi-
grant aid society, are passing into Kansas for the
sole purpose of casting their votes, and are then
! returning to their homes in the East; that they have
| no other purpose than political agitation, and are
i seeking to increase it by degrees, until this whole
nation shall be kindled into a flame of civil war.
Is that true, or is it false ? Is it not important,
men of the North and men of the South, that the
truth should be known upon that point ? If true,
let it be known, and let the public condemnation
fall where it ought; if false, who is so unmanly
as to withhold the means of a just vindication
from such aspersions ?
What is said on the other hand ? That armed
bodies, of men, instigated by their own love of
( disorder and riot, or, if possible, by some baser
i motive, were in the habit of passing into Kansas
' on the eve of each election, controlling the result
by force and then returning to their homes—never
\ pretended to have been abandoned—in a neighbor-
ing State within the immediate vicinity of the Ter-
ritory. Is that true, or is it false? If it is true,
ought you to object to its being'officially and satis-
factorily ascertained > If it be false, how deep is
your interest to have the falsehood fastened upon
those who proclaimed it to the country, to poison
the public ear, and embitter the national heart!
Is not an investigation due to your own honor?
If these things are true, you will doubtless de-
nounce them; if false, you ought not to let such
! a scandal lie at your doors a single hour. Sup-
pose that one section—either section of the Union
—should resist this investigation, what is the
consequence? Let me tell gentlemen of the South -
that there are thousands and tens of thousands
of the sober-minded, deliberating, and passion-
, less men of the great North, who have not made ■
; haste to come to any unfavorable conclusion in -
regard to you and yours—who have not been
! ready, upon idle rumor and newspaper declara- :
I tions, to believe these things. They have not
| prejudged this matter upon doubtful authority.
They have said, we will wait for reliable inform-
: ation, and then judge the case. They have been
! anxious to know the truth in an official and reli-
; able form. A charge is made here of a most
! grave and startling character, in the Halls of the
American Congress, and an investigation is asked,
ij What is your position if you shut the door in
I the face of that inquiry, and say that it shall not
i. go forward? What right have you to appeal to
'[ these men at the North, who have'thus long
stayed their judgment, and waited for testimony
upon which to base their opinions, to wait still
longer? They ask this evidence in an official
; form, and you refuse to furnish it. Is it not our
, nature, under such circumstances, to come to the
harshest possible conclusion against those who
; refuse such a request? It is a thing, then, gen-
| tlemen of the South, which you ought to insist
! should be sifted to the bottom; not, as I said be-
fore, only in reference to the question as to who
, shall occupy that seat, but with a higher and
; nobler motive and purpose, of letting the truth,
: in reference to all these differences, be well and
reliably understood, and the public mind be
1 wisely guided and properly impressed in regard
to these troubles and their true causes. i
Mr. Speaker, I have differed with gentlemen
upon this floor as to the proper mode of making
I this investigation, and I wish to say a few words
upon that point. My judgment is against the
mode proposed by the committee of sending for
persons and papers to be brought here. We are
bound to pay some respect to the question of
economy. It is a question which sinks, how-
ever, into utter nothingness when you come to
regard the great consequences which the expend-
iture may purchase of good or evil. Yet, if we I
can as well secure the object at less expense than 1
by the mode proposed, it is our plain duty to !
adopt the less expensive mode; but, sir, passing 1
that, and looking at the matter in a better sense,
ana putting out of view the question of econo-
my, this investigation should be so conducted as 1
to insure to us result a moral influence upon the
public mind. How do you propose to do that?
Why, sir, gentlemen who are in hot haste to ;>
press this investigation in just this way, to the
exclusion of every other consideration than the il
simple one of an investigation ought to have
learned, by the debates which have taken place
upon theirproposi tion, how much effect will attach
to their labors when they are all completed in
this their favorite mode. " Swift witnesses" have
already been alluded to. Other remark* have
fallen, which should show how certainly such a
labor is to be in vain. It has been said that the
investigation will be a partial one. Certainly, if
witnesses are to be brought here, in a good de-
gree this will be true. You cannot make it in this
way as extended and fair as it should be. It can-
not embrace all the questions—all the points of
difficulty, and show clearly and palpably where
the right is, and where the wrong, and what is
that wrong. It will necessarily be subject to a
thousand impeachments. It will be of no value.
Where, then, is the best place to get all the
truth ?—for nothing less will do. The theater of
the troubles manifestly. All the witnesses are
there. The landmarks of strife are there. The
signs of contest are yet plain to be seen. The
evidences of the evil, whatever it is, will be abun-
dant and easy of access. Send, then, a commis-
sion of some sort, with plenary powers to inves-
tigate and sift all these matters to the bottom.
No matter whom the truth hurts, let us have it
all. Let the commission go to whatever place
shall seem best calculated to promote the object
upon which it is sent.
But, sir, it is said that there is danger in this.
Danger! The question of danger is soberly urged
upon you, gentlemen, as a reason to defeat a free,
full, and faithful discharge of our duties in a
matter of great public concern. Has it come to
this? Danger! Upon what authority has the
suspicion gone abroad that we are of base issue;
that we are not of blood royal; that we are aliens
in blood, in honor, in spirit from those whom we
claim to have descended from? Danger ! Sir, if
there were not another motive which could be
offered to go upon that Territory, and make the
investigation there, it ought to be a sufficient one
to us that it is dangerous. Have you in times
past, ((in conquest stretched" your "arm so
far," and do you now turn pale and tremble at
rebellious boys ?—for the condition of the Terri-
tories is that of minority. You have, with a
prompt and steady hand, torn freedom, govern-
ment, and vast empire from the strong nations
of the earth; you have compelled them without
exception to respect your rights, the emblem of
i your power, even your capricious wishes in some
caseij. And now you are told it is dangerous to
11 adopt the most natural and simple means of
calming the turbulence existing in a very sparsely-
' settled Territory on your border, and a part of
the Republic—to preserve the peace among our-
selves ! It is your duty to assert your lawful power
whenever rudely called in question, and to carry
, the emblem of your authority wherever that au-
i thonty goes, and, if resisted, to crush the arm of
j opposition: when we lack firmness to do that, the
| Government will not be worth preserving.
i But, sir, I will not believe there is any danger.
I cannot be persuaded that the slightest difficulty
i can arise in going to Kansas, or anywhere else in
this country, and making the fullest, the most
, free, searching investigation on this or any other
subject—an investigation which can be fairly con-
ducted, and will elicit ample facts to satisfy and
quiet the public mind, and reconcile all good citi-
zens to whatever action Congress may find ne--
cessary finally to determine upon and adopt, in
regard to these controversies. Bad men may still
clamor against that action; but such clamor will
be harmless. We may safely despise it.
Something has been said about the delay which
will attend the sending out ofa commission to take
proofs. Really, such an objection can hardly be
seriously treated. The idea that you can send to
Kansas, and hunt up men, scattered over the
Territory, give them the requisite time to pre-
pare for such a journey, at great inconvenience,
and perhaps loss to themselves, and bring them
here by fifties, or hundreds, or whatever other
indefinite number the Committee of Elections
should see fit to call, and then examine them here
at the slow rate of two or three a day, in less time
than a commission of a few persons could go
there, prepared in advance for their labors, col-
lect the evidence and report it here, is, in itself,
