1850.
THE CONGRESSIONAI; MMMM.
«#5t
aught I know, may follow his example; but for
the five weeks of this session already elapsed
neither of these gentlemen have intimated that
they were ready to imitate the example of Mr.
Puller. The only questions relative to and per-
taining to the duties of the chair, which have
been propounded m this House to any gentleman,
were propounded hy the honorable gentleman
from Ohio to the honorable gentleman from Illi-
nois, [Mr. Richardson,] the Democratic candi-
date, asking if he would-pledge himself, in the
event of his being elected Speaker of this House,
to carry out the parliamentary law requiring the
organization of the committees of this House
in accordance with the known sentiments of a
majority of the House. To that there was no
reply, excepting " we do not stand upon an even
footing; I am a candidate, you are not."
Mr. RICHARDSON. Permit me to make a
remark just at this point. 1 say noiy, if the ques-
tion were at this time propounded to me as to
how I was to administer the duties.of that place,
I should not reply. I am ready to reply to polit-
ical questions. Neither should I make any
pledges to any man as to how he should be placed,
or where he should be placed, though by so doing
I should obtain that chair in a moment.
Mr. DAVIS. The precise question, and the
only question which has been asked in this body,
appertained to the duties of the chair; and to that
question we havo now a reply which does not
enlighten us as to what would be the course of
that honorable gentleman, should he be finally
placed in the chair. It was a direct question as
to whether he would carry out the general par-
liamentary law, by so organizing the committees
as to place men upon them who reflect the senti-
ments of the majority of this House; and not at
all a question as to whether he would put one gen-
tleman or another upon the committees. That is
a pertinent question, because it is possible that
that gentlemen may be elected to fill that chair,
and he represents a minority of this House upon
many points. The honoiable gentleman from
Massachusetts [Mr. Banks] availed himself of
.that reply for the purpose of refusing to answer
another question aimostas pertinent. I see that,
since then, questions have been answered by the
gentleman for whom I have voted [Mr. Fuller,
of Pennsylvania] frankly and honorably; and as
other gentlemen have not, up to this time, taken
that position, I, although opposed to the whole
system of making this a political question, am re-
solved that, so far as my vote can effect that pur-
pose, all gentlemen who are candidates here will
declare where they stand. I vote for the resolu-
tion.
Mr. ORR. I should like to make a suggestion
to my friend from Maryland, [Mr. Davis.] He
seems, in the course of his remarks, to intimate
that injustice has been done to the gentleman lor
whom he has been voting, m consequence of his
having answered a question.
Mr. DAVIS. Not at all.
Mr. ORR. It will be recollected by the House
that the question propounded to the gentleman
fromPennsylvama [Mr. Fuller] waspropounded
by one of his own political friends—the gentle-
man from Alabama, [Mr. Walker]; and this
was done wi ih a view of justifying that candidate.
The gentleman from Maryland [Mr. Davis] can
have, therefore, no cause of complaint, because
his candidate stands'committed before the House,
and no other candidate has answered the same
questions.
Mr. DAVIS. I need no apology for the hon-
orable gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. Ful-
ler] having made known his position. Still I
was not anxious for him to do so. I vote upon
my own knowledge now and ever. He was in-
terrogated by half a dozen gentlemen around
Inm—-by the honorable gentleman from Maine
[Mr. Washburn] among others.
A Member. Bv whom first ?
Mr. DAVIS. I do not recollect by whom first.
The CLERK. The Clerk must remind the gen-
tleman from Maryland that debate is not in order.
Mr. DOW DELL (on his name being called)
said: Before recording my vote, I Wibh to make
a remark, not however for the purpose of justify-
ing the vote which I shall give—for lama stonished
to find any gentleman opposed to the passage of
the resolution—but to finish what I should have
said when last on the floor, had not the time
allotted me expired. Although I have no appre-
hension that any party in this country committed
to proscription or persecution of individuals for
religious opinions, or on account of the place of
their birth, will, if the fact be known, ever control
its legislation, yet I must confess that there is
danger, if those who seek power are permitted to
conceal opinions. In this country, where every
individual is a sovereign—each an atom of that
groat aggregate mass whose united public opin-
ion under constitutionallimits makes and executes
laws, I hold it to be the duty of each and all to
communicate freely—to withhold nothing the one
from.the other—to conceal no opinion, principle,
or position politically affecting the interests of the
country. This I regard absolutely necessary, in
order that every citizen may properly and under-
standingly discharge his duty, why, sir, se-
crecy in regard to political tenets contradicts the
fundamental idea of a Democratic Government.
If, then, every citizen is entitled to know the politi-
cal opinions of his neighbor, much more is he en-
titled to those opinions when they are to become
his own through a Representative—when they are
to find expression in laws enacted, and force in
laws executed.
In voting for the pending resolution, I simply
indorse what I esteem a sound principle—a safe
practice. By the results of the questions to be
propounded under it, I do not expect to be en-
lightened; but the country will have facts and
opinions placed before it in a more authoritative
form, coming from the candidates of the various
parties in this House, than having to rely simply
upon the declarations of respective friends. I
do not see why any should oppose its adoption.
The office of Speaker of the House is high and
responsible. There are contingencies set forth
in the Constitution, upon the happening of which
it may become the highest post in the Govern-
ment. Let opportunity be afforded for complete
and full development—for questions to be asked
and answered, until all are satisfied—-the country
satisfied. It is needless for me to repeat in word
what I have expressed by more than a huudred
votes—thnt 1 prefer for the speakership the gal-
lant statesman from Illinois, [Air. Richardson.]
It is not for the purpose of getting at his opinions
that I wish to see the resolution passed. I know
that he stands upon safe and sure ground. He
is a national Democrat, willing to deal justly
with all sections of the Union—accoidmg to both
States and individuals their full constitutional
rights. He stood upon the Kansas and Nebras-
ka act—that great measure which assorted that
the people ought to be allowed to govern them-
selves, subject only to the Constitution. Upon
this principle the Democratic party have planted
its standard, and under its folds all the conserva-
tism and national men of the Union will rally;
and upon this they will succeed and preserve the
integrity of this great Republic.
Now, sir, 1 doubt not but that each member
may know the position of his own candidate;
but, sir, I want the constituents, the people, to
know the position of the candidates from the can-
didates themselves. I want the people to know
clearly how all stand upon the great and leading
question which will enter into the next elections,
and decide, in my humble opinion, the destiny
of this country. Sir, upon this great and lead-
ing question, the gentlemen composing what is
called the Black Republican party, have taken
position sectional in character, and aggressive
towards the South. I want the lines clearly de-
fined and drawn early, which divide parties, in
order that the people of nil sections, who are
deeply interested in preserving this Government,
may know with which, to ally themselves—may
know whether their influence is -wielded to pull
down or build up. As I have said before, I
have but little fear of the Know Nothing party;
not that I do not regard some of Us principles
odious, and its whole tendency dangerous, but,
as in my judgment it attacks individual rights, ap-
pertaining to every citizen, North, Kast, South,
and West, of course, sooner or later, it must go
j down; ail will become interested ill opposing its
■ principles, when made to understand that they
i are injurious to themselves. Not so witlt the
i Black Republican party. Sectional and fanatic,
it is bent upon the. destruction o! the rights ol a
i whole section. It. threaten:: to do that which can-
not be done without being followed by a speedy
dissolution of these Stetes,. I mak? free to declare
my opinion, not by way of.threatening, but, I trust,
as a patriot, who desires the best interests of his
country, that if the gentlemen who. are in a ma-
jority in this House fairly represent the section
of the Union from which they eome,—iiHhqjr are
the types of northern majorities, awUhe principles
which I understand them to profess shall become
the settled opinions of controlling majorities in
the northern States, and shall be attempted to. be
made law in this country, through the forms -<of
Federal legislation, then the continued Union of
these States will be an impossibility, or, if .pos-
sible, the greatest curse which could be inflicted
upon my people. I make no threats. I say .what
I most verily believe. I speak because I love the
Union of the Constitution. I love it for its mem-
ories—for the hallowed recollections of the mar-
tyrs who died in the struggle to transmit its
principles to us—for its present blessings, which
I hope may be continued to the latest generation.
Sir, I want the people to know who desires to
preserve it—who pursues a course calculated to
destroy it. I shall therefore vote not only for
this resolution, but facilitate all inquiries after
truth. I vote ay.
Mr. GIDDINGS (on his name being called)
said: In giving the vote which 1 intend to give
on this question, I ask the attention of the House
for a few minutes. That resolution expresses
the sentiment whioli, from my youth up, I have
cultivated and cherished. It is, that no man shall
ask another to vote for him who is unwilling to
unfold the whole sentiments of his heart on every
political question on which he may be called to act.
Never, never, sir, have I placed myself before the
people of the country, or district, where I would
secrete from them a single thought of my soul.
It was in that view, and with that sentiment in
my heart, that, on the 18th of this month, I pro-
pounded the respectful question which I dia to
the candidate of the Democratic party. I felt that
it was due to that party that it should have a
candidate here who would avow his sentiments
and principles. I felt that the honor of the gentle-
man himself [Mr. Richardson] was at stake.
A Member. What question was it?
Mr. GIDDINGS. I felt that the honor of his
party—standing before the country was hazarded
by liis silence. As was well remarked by the
gentleman from Maryland, [Mr. Dai is,] I pro-
pounded questions which I deemed pertinent to
the issue. I asked him how lie would act if
elected to tho speakership? But more dumb than
Balaam's ass, I could extract nothing from him.
He, sir, has been voted for by his party some
seventy times since that refusal. They have
tolerated Ins silence, encouraged his withholding
his sentiments, and indorsed hnn to the world;
i but now, at this late day, they are in favor of
! the resolution offered by the gentleman from
Tennessee, [Mi. ZoLLicotrER.] That is an
evidence of progress. It shows that they aro
coming up to the times. They virtually condemn
him by voting that it is against the fundamental
principles of tho Government for a candidate to
remain silent and withhold his sentiments. I con-
gratulate the Republican party—1 congratulate
the country, on the progress winch the Demo-
cratic party is making. [Laughter.] They arc
now, after a si\-weeks' effort to organize tho
House, willing to adopt one of the fundamental
principles of popular Governments. Sir, they
I have progressed more rapidly within the last
;; weeks than ever I knew them to do m the same
! space of time. [Laughter.]
; But, sir, I am rejoiced to see my friend from
; Alabama, over the way, [Mr. Dowdell,] coining
| out in condemnation of his candidate, as he has
.] done, m uttering sentiments of the most scathing
i; rebuke for his having preserved silence. I rejoice
: to hear him declare that such silence is in oppo-
sition to the whole fundamental principles of our
) Government. I agree most fully with that gen-
ii tleman, [laughter,] and X indorse him to the coun-
i try. He has shown the honest sentiments of a
1 Patriot on this point. I could have wished, how-
ever, that he had withheld some of that language
' stigmatizing those opposed to him. I will meet
j that gentleman at Flulippt, [laughter,] after we
'' shall have elected a Speaker. Still I rejoice, and
I; tender to hnn my thanks that he spoke the _sen-
i' timents which 1 suppose every freeman of the
North has cherished from his early childhood.
