218
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 11,
:I therefore vote for the resolution. I want to
see tlie Democratic party dodge back again after
its adoption, and support a man who will not then
answer the questions which have heretofore been
propounded to him. I desire to see them place
themselves in that position before the country.
With these opinions and sentiments, Mr. Clerk,
1 Mr.afecHARDSON. Mr. Clerk, I am, it is
true, like Balaam, while in the presence of the
gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Giddings.] I let the
ass speak. [Roars of laughter.]
Mr. GROW. For the first time since I have
had the honor of a seat on this floor, I rise to
explain a vote; and I should not do it now but
for the fact, that many gentlemen with whom I
have been acting seem, from their votes, to take
an entirely different view of this resolution, and
the proper action on it for this House, from my-
self. I recognize this House not as a political
caucus, to lay down platforms and political creeds.
I have voted against all such resolutions, during
my term of service, as out of place. If there are
any men here who have been voting for the last
six weeks for a Speaker, without reasons suffi-
ciently satisfactory to themselves for their votes,
they had better resign and gojaome. Sir, for my-
self, I am satisfied with the votes I have given,
nor do I expect my course of action to be in any
way affected by this resolution. It simply de-
clares that the elector has the right to know the
opinions of the candidate for whom he is to vote.
The doctrine is a correct one. But in this case
we are the electors, and make such selections of
candidates as we please, and vote for them with
or without information, as we like, responsible
to our constituents for our votes only, not for our
means of knowledge, or the correctness of our
opinions. For those we must answer to our-
selves alone, and not to our constituents. We
are answerable to them as to the judiciousness
of our selections of candidates, and not as to the
information that satisfies our judgment.
Then, sir, in passing this resolution, if it mean
anything more than a simple declaration of a
sound principle, we present the humiliating spec-
tacle of a set of men who have been voting here
for six weeks in the dark, and wc have only just
found it out.
Sir, if the majority or a plurality of this House
will permit themselves to be diveited from the
main object they have in view by propositions
introduced by the minority, then you may sit till
doomsday without accomplishing anything. If
every proposition that is plausible is to be taken
up and considered, no matter whether it pertains
to the legitimate business of the House or not,
then there will be plausible propositions enough
to consume the whole time. I have no objection
to the principles set forth in that resolution; but
this is not the place for mere declarations of nat-
ural or constitutional rights, but to legislate, and
that alone. Nor am I to bo diverted from what
I consider to be the proper course of action by
any such finesse or resolves upon abstract
rights.
Mr. Clerk, we are not sent here to make polit-
ical creeds and platforms. We arc sent to enact
laws, such as we believe to be for the good of the
country. We have nothing to do with the an-
nunciation of the doctrines of the Declaration of
Independence, or of any other of the inalienable
rights of men. Our business is to enact laws—■
putting into form, so they can be executed by the
courts, the great principles of justice and right;
and there our duties end.
For myself, I am nottobe diverted frommy pur-
pose m this contest, and I hope those with whom I
am acting will not permit themselves to be swayed
from the course of policy that we choose to pursue,
by any such ruse on the part of our opponents.
I have my own creed and political opinions, and
do not iccugui/.c the right of any man in this
Hall to putany test of opmionsupon me,by any
resolutions that he may oiler. Acting upon that
S"ul;i:iuit, 1 nave, l'or the four yenrs that t have
oi.'tipai] a sent on tins iloor. opposed the passage
of any end every resolution introduced into this
House for the mere purpose of establishing any
such test, or for declaring any abstract principle
or doctrine of human rights.
Sir, what has the constituency of any man to
do With his vote for Speaker? He votes upon
his own kuov>ledge, usponsible to his constitu-
ents for his selection of a proper man; and is
there a member that desires the passage of this res-
olution for his own information ? W hat, then, is
the object of this resolution ? It is to divert the plu-
rality of this House from their purpose. Instead
of going on to vote and elect a Speaker, the effect
of the resolution will be to open a discussion be-
tween the candidates and different members of
this House, that may last for weeks. It is to put
the candidates upon the witness stand, to be cross-
questioned by men who do not vote for the par-
ticular candidate, and never would; but they are
eliciting information for the benefit of those who
do, lest, in their inability to take care of them-
selves, they should be imposed upon. It is cer-
tainly very kind, but a kindness that for myself
I do'not appreciate.
But, sir, I take this occasion to say a word in
reference to the remarks just made by the gentle-
man from Alabama, [Mr. Dowdell,] who talks
of dissolving the Union if the Missouri compro-
mise is restored. Its abrogation was a wanton
violation of good faith between the two sections
of this Union, and how can its restoration be a
greater indignity and wrong to you than was its
original passage to your fathers in 1820. It was
passed then as an adjustment of conflicting inter-
ests, claimed at the time by the South as a triumph,
and regarded by the North as a defeat—voted
for by a majority of the entire delegation from the
South; for, of her one hundred and three Repre-
sentatives in both branches of Congress, only
forty-six voted against it. The act was signed
by a southern President, advised and approved
of by a Cabinet a majority of whom were from
slavcholding States. Do you, then, gentlemen
of the South, stand hereto-day to libel the memory
of your fathers, by declaring that they put upon
the statute book a law that it is dishonorable for
you to submit to? Though you would thus
blacken their good fame, we honor their memory,
and believe that we commit no wrong in doing as
they did; and that you are not dishonored by
submitting to laws that they submitted to and
helped to enact. Had they a less keen sense of
honor, appreciation of justice, or feeling of man-
hood, than you possess? Will you proclaim to
the world that your fathers submitted tamely for
thirty-four years to injustice and wrong that your
sense of honor will not permit you to brook; and
that, if the generation of to-day restores to the
statute-book a law enacted by their votes, and
held sacred by them .while living, that you will
dissolve this Union? The declaration dishonors
their memories, and the act would proclaim you
" degenerate sons of noble sires." I vote 110.
Mr. KELSEY. Before casting my vote, I
have a word to say in explanation of that vote.
I concur with the mover of that resolution, that
the constituency of a member lias the right to
know the opinions of the man for whom he votes;
but in my judgment that resolution is entirely
out of place here now. 1 cannot see that it has
any legitimate connection with the subject be-
fore the House. It is a mere abstraction, unless
further action is predicated upon it. If it is
passed, what next? If you are to do anything
further, the candidates to be voted for for Speaker
must be called upon the stand, and catechised by
a committee appointed for the purpose, and, if
they answer with piopriety, they will be fur-
nished with certificates of qualification. Now
it seems to me that our business is to make a
Speaker, and not to lay down abstract principles.
I therefore vote no.
Mr. LETCHER. My friend from Maryland
[Mr. Davis] complains very much that the can-
didate of our party for Speaker, on a certain oc-
casion, did not answer a question propounded by
the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Giddings,] who
desired to know whether he would, if elected,
constitute the committees according to a certain
rule prescribed by him (Mr. G.) in a published
letter. Now, I am one of those who approved at
the time, and approve now, of the answer given
at that time 'oy the gentleman from Illinois, [Mr.
Richardson.] If 1 distrusted the personal in-
tegrity of a candidate, to such ail exent as the
query put by the gentleman from Ohio would
seem to indicate, I would never vote for him,
whatever might be the answer.
Mr. GIDDINGS. Will the gentleman from
Virginia allow me to ask him a question now?
Mr. LETCHER. No, sir; not just now.
Mr. GIDDINGS. I have always allowed the
gentleman to interrupt me.
Mr. LETCHER. I cannot yield now; just sit
down and wait. Now, I want to know of the
gentleman from Maryland, [Mr. Davis,] whether
the gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. Fuller]
has given to him, or anybody else, a pledge that he
will organize the committees of this House accord-
ing to the platform of the gentleman from Ohio?
Mr. DAVIS. If the gentleman is drawing an
inference from my remarks, and following that
inference out to an imaginary conclusion, he is
welcome to the inference. But, if he means seri-
ously to ask whether any communication has
passed between me and the gentleman from Penn-
sylvania, I say no; I do not approach him, nor
does any man approach him.
Mr. LETCHER. I made no charge; but I
say the allegation was such as to warrant the in-
ference. It is a fair inference, when the complaint
is made by a friend of the gentleman from Penn-
sylvania [Mr. Fuller] that our candidate, who
has refused to do a particular thing, has done
wrong, that his candidate has done right; and
we are entitled to know how it is. The gentle-
man's answer, however, is satisfactory to me,
that no such pledge has been given.
Mr. GIDDINGS. May I put a question now ?
Mr. LETCHER. Just wait a minute, if you
please. The gentleman from Maryland says that
his candidate has answered questions, and that
the information has been given which has been
refused by our candidate. Now, let me ask when
the question was put to his candidate in reference
to his opinions upon the Wilmot proviso, and
has there ever been any answer to that question
in this House by the gentleman from Pennsylva-
nia, [Mr. Fuller?] Has there ever been any
answer to the question in regard to the particular
views or opinions upon which the gentleman from
Pennsylvania [Mr. Fuller] •was elected to this
House over the head of Hendrick B. Wright,
who voted for the Kansas-Nebraska bill at the
last Congress ? I will now hear the gentleman
from Ohio.
Mr. GIDDINGS. I ask the gentleman whether,
if the Democratic party has pursued that course
for twenty-five years, it is not reasonable to sup-
pose they will do it again >
Several Mbmbers. What course?
Mr. LETCHER. Let us hear what your first
statement is ?
Mr. GIDDINGS. I understood the gentleman
from Virginia to say that this question w~as a
proper one to be propounded to the gentleman
from Illinois, because others may have pursued
a different course.
Mr. LETCHER. I do not say any such
tiling. I say expressly the i everse—-that it is
not a proper question to be propounded to any
gentleman on this floor, because it implies that
the gentleman to whom it is put will not, if ele-
vated to the chair, act in accordance with the
high obligations of honor. That is what I say.
Mr. GIDDINGS. I would ask the gentleman
whether it is not fair to presume that the Demo-
cratic Speaker would pursue the course which
has been pursued by Democratic Speakers for
the last twenty-five years ?
Mr. LETCHER!. Have any questions ever
been propounded to a Democratic Speaker?
Mr. GIDDINGS. They have.
Mr. LETCHER. When >
Mr. GIDDINGS. On various occasions.
Mr. LETCHER. They were propounded to
William J. Brown; and the gentleman from Ohio
stood out until Brown gave a private pledge, and
then eame here and voted for him on the faith of it.
Mr. GIDDINGS. And the Democratic party
excluded me on that account. [Laughter.]
Mr. LETCHER. Exactly. Here is another
thing. Has the editor of the New York Tribune
(Koiace Greeley) further promptings for the gen-
i tlemau from Oluo m his interrogatories to him?
He not only gave them to him, but he_ comes into
the House to touch him up. [Sensation.]
Mr. GIDDINGS. Does the gentleman intend
. to say that the editor of the New York Tribune
! I prompts mo to these questions '
Mr. LETCHER. I say this: it is a significant
fact that before questions are put to me, the editor
of the New York Tribune is within the bar of the
House, and in close conference with the gentle-
man from Ohio.
