mm
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 29,
"Pending-the call of the roll,'
.Mr. DEAN said: With alike protest as before,
I vote "ay."
Mr. DUNN moved to reconsider the vote by
which, the bill wa;s passed, and also moved that
tlieLniOtion to reconsider be laid; upon the table;
which latter motion was agreed to.
Mr.'DUNN. I. no\v move to amend the title
so that-it shall read: " An act to reorganize the
Territory of Kansas,- and for other purposes."
The motion'was agreed to.
The title, as amended, was then agreed to.
Mr. DUNN moved to reconsider the vote by
which, tlie .title .was agreed to, and also that the
motion to reconsider be laid upon the table;
which-latter motion was agreed to.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I move to
reconsider the vote by which the House this
morning postponed the bill for reorganizing the
collection districts of the United States.
The motion was entered.
JUDGE WATROUS, OF TEXAS.
Mr. TAYLOR. I ask the consent of the House
to present a memorial, and ask for its reference
to the Committee on the Judiciary.
Mr." WASHBUR.NE, of Illinois. Whatis the
memorial ?
Mr. TAYLOR. I will state it, with the per-
mission of the House. The memorial which I
now present, is one which I present with great
unwillingness; but it is one which my public
duty requires me to present without any hesita-
tion. The memorial is one which is presented
by a constituent of mine, who has heretofore been
interested in various judicial proceedings which
have taken place in the State of Texas. In the
course of those judicial proceedings, the memori-
alist conceives that he lias been aggrieved, and not
only that lie has been aggrieved by the action o/ a
high public functionary, but that the public too
have been aggrieved. The memorial relates to
the conduct of the gentleman who now occupies
the position of district judge of the United States
for the district of Texas. The memorial states,
that circumstances have arisen, which, in the
opinion of the memorialist, require that an inves-
tigation should bo instituted by this House,'
which is the great inquest of the nation. The
memorial sets forth, that in the course of a judi-
cial proceeding, in winch a certain number of
persons were complainants, a question was raised
us to the authority of persons who assumed to
represent the complainants of record, as to their
authority to institute and carry on the proceed-
ings; that in consequence of this question, the
matter was referred to a master; that when the
master's report came in, the master declared that
the persons assuming to act in behalf of certain
individuals were not authorized to act; that,
thereupon, the judge of the district of Texas
made an order directing those persons who were
set forth m the bill of complaint as complain-
ants, and residing in the Republic of Mexico, to
be made defendants, and requiring them to come
in and file an answer, in which they set forth
that they were citizens of the State of Texas, for
the purpose of giving the courtjurisdiction. That
s one of the grounds which the memorialist
tates was in itself a violation of his official duty.
The memorial then goes on to state that in the
course of the prosecution of the case, a person
was presented as a witness who was interested
in behalf of the complainants, who had an inter-
est in a portion of the property then in dispute;
that that was objected toll im, and that with the fact
patent on the record, the district judge permitted
Lira to testify against the defendants. In that,
the memorialist says, the district judge violated
his official duty. He goes on further and states
that there was a person who appeared on the
record as counsel for a portion of the defendants;
that that person was presented as a witness; that
his right to testify was objected to on the ground
that he had an interest with the complainants;
that although he represented a portion of the
defendants on the record, he, in point of fact, had
an interest identical with that of a portion of the
plaimiffs;and that although the fact was charged,
and although the question was proposed to be
P™.' person' on the stand when he was
ottered as a witness, the court, in violation of its
official duty, refused to permit the question to bo
put, touching the existence of that interest, and
allowed the person to testify. That the memo-
rialist charges as a violation of official duty.
The memorial goes on and states that at a sub-
sequent period——
Mr. TODD (interrupting.) No practical good
can result from .the discussion of this question
now. I object.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Lou-
isiana can only proceed by general consent.
Mr. COBB, of. Georgia. I hope no objection
will be made, and that the gentleman from Lou-
isiana will be allowed to proceed. If ho have no
other charges to make, than those which have
already come out, I do not think that we would
be justified in referring the memorial. I have, as
yet, heard nothing except such errors of judg-
ment as might be remedied by appeal to the proper
court. A regular impeachment is a method of
too much importance for this House, on this
statement, to authorize that inquiry. I do not
know the judge in question, or who he is.
Objection was.made to debate.
The SPEAKER. Debate is not in order unless
by general consent.
Mr. TAYLOR. I say that there is a charge
of corruption 
The SPEAKER. It is not in order for the
gentleman to state the substance of the memorial.
Mr. TAYLOR. Then I move that it be re-
ferred to the Judiciary Committee.
Mr. COBB, of Georgia. I must ask for the
reading of the memorial before I agree to its be-
ing referred. It would take less time for the gen-
tleman from Louisiana to state the facts; and I
hope that all objection to his doing so wi.l be
withdrawn. I cannot vote to refer this memorial,
and to require one of our committees to go into
an investigation to lead to impeachment on the
charges already stated by the gentleman from
Louisiana. Unless there be some charges of cor-
ruption, I am unwilling to have the memorial re-
ferred.
Mr. TODD. I desire to state that the reason
why I objected to further discussion is, that the
grounds stated by the gentleman from Louisiana
are so trivial that an impeachment could not be
based upon them; and I am unwilling that this
case should be spread before the country in a
regular speech before it is presented to the proper
committee, which would doubtless report ad-
versely to it 
The SPEAKER, (interrupting.) Debateis not
in order. The first question is on giving leave to
present the memorial.
Mr. SNEED. I object, unless the gentleman
from Louisiana be allowed to state the facts.
The memorial was then presented under the
rules.
WITHDRAWAL OP PAPERS.
On motion of Mr. SMITH, of Virginia, it
was
Ordered, That leave be granted for the withdrawal from
the flies of the flouse of the papers 111 lite, citse of Mrs.
Olmstead, to be rcfeired to the Court of Claims.
Mr. DAVIDSON. I move that the House do
now adjourn.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio. I hope the gen-
tleman will withdraw that motion, that I may
submit a motion to go into the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union, with a view of
having an evening session.
Mr. DAVIDSON. I withdraw the motion 
Mr. LAKE, (interrupting.) I ask the gentle-
man from Ohio to withhold his proposition to go
into Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union, that I may ask the House to permit me
to withdraw from the files of the House the papers
in the case of John P. Harrison, claiming com-
mutation as a revolutionary soldier, which papers
were filed as far back as 1838, when the applica-
tion was rejected. I ask to withdraw the papers
so that I may file a petition in order that some
future House may act upon it.
There being no objection, leave was granted.
On motion of Mr. WATSON, it was
Ordered,That leave be granted for the withdrawal from the
files of the House of the papers m the case of the iieau-
g^lnd in'irs having claims against the Government under the
Wyandot treaty, for the purpose of having them referred
to the Court ol Claims.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio, obtained the floor.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I rise to a privi-
leged question, I ask the action of the House on
the bill to provide for the settlement of claims of
officers of the revolutionary army, which wa3
ordered to be engrossed and amotion made to re-
consider. I desire to call up the motion to recon-
sider, and I call the previous question upon it.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Ohio
[Mr. Campbell] has the floor.
Mr. SMITH. I ask the gentleman from Ohio
to yield to me.
Mr. CAMPBELL. Not at present. I ask
the unanimous consent of the House to take from
the Speaker's table a bill making appropriations
for the consular and diplomatic service, with the
view to the consideration of a single amendment.
Mr. SMITH. I thought I had the floor.
The SPEAKER. No; the gentleman stated
that he rose to a privileged question. It is not
such a question as takes the floor from the gen-
tleman from Ohio.
Mr. SMITH. I beg him to give me a moment.
Mr. CAMPBELL. There is plenty of time.
Let us finish this first. There is but one amend-
ment.
CONSULAR AND DIPLOMATIC BILL.
No objection being made, the bill was taken
up, and the following message from the Senate
in relation thereto was reported:
In the Senate op the United States, June 26, 1856.
Resolved, That the Senate insist upon its first amend-
ment 10 the bill of the House (No. 152) making apptopria-
tions for the consulai and diplomatic expenses of the <3ov-
emmentfor tlie year ending June 30, 1857,ilisagtood to by
the House of Repicscntatives ; and a*k a conference on the
disagreeing votes of the two Houses thereon.
Ordered, That Messrs. Huntfr, Foot, and Slidell, be
the committee on the part of the ►Senate.
Mr. CAMPBELL. There is only one amend-
ment about which there is any controversy be-
tween the House and the Senate. The Com-
mittee of >Vays and Means refused to concur in
the amendment of the Senate, on the principle
that it involved independent legislation. The
House this morning decided that they would
carry genera) legislation into the appropriation
bills. The gentleman from Kentucky [Mr. H.
Marshall] wishes to propose that the House
recede from its non-concurrence; and if he desire
to submit a motion of that kind, I have no objec-
tion to having the vote taken, because if the House
do recede there is no necessity for a committee of
conference.
Mr. Ii. MARSHALL. The aniendineritupon
which the two Houses have disagreed, provides
a salary of $5,000 a year for the interpreter to the
Chinese mission. The Secretary of State sent a
special communication to Congress recommend-
ing it. I will state, from my experience as Com-
missioner in China, and from my personal knowl-
edge of the gentleman who fills this position, that
1 do not believe there is another man in China
who could fill the position. Mr. Williams is a
scholar. He is a [jroficient in the Chinese lan-
guage—a language which has as many dialects,
I suppose, and more than the Greek language
ever had; and that you cannot get a man to act
as interpreter unless you pay him a fair salary.
Why, they pay a tea-taster in China #5,000 per
annum, and you surely would not pay an inter-
preter less? I will state further, that there is no
objection upon the part of the Committee of
Ways and Means, or any other committee, to this
amendment, except that it is in the nature of
general legislation. I move that the House re-
code from its disagreement to the amendment.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I suppose that,
if the motion of the gentleman from Kentucky is
voted down, it will then be in order to have a com-
mittee of conference.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio. Of course.
Mr. JONES. Then I hope the House will not
recede.
The motion that the House recede was agreed
to.
OFFICERS OF THE REVOLUTION,
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia, called up the motion
to reconsider the vote by which the House or-
dered to its engrossment and third reading the
bill providing for the settlement of the accounts
of the officers of the revolutionary army, and
called the previous question upon it.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee, moved that the
rules be suspended, and that the House resolve
itself into the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union,
