1856.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1618
Mr. SMITH. Will the motion I haVe called
up come up in the morning?
The SPEAKER. It is competent for any
member of the House to call up a motion to re-
consider at any time.
COMMITTEE OF THE WHOLE.
The question was taken on Mr. Jones's mo-
tion; and it was agreed to. The House accord-
ingly resolved itself into the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union, (Mr. Colfax
in the chair,) the fortification bill being the busi-
ness before the committee.
On motion of Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio, the
fortification bill was laid aside, and the bill mak-
ing appropriations for the legislative, executive,
and judicial expenses of the Government for the
year ending the 30th of June, 1857,was taken up.
On motion of Mr. CAMPBELL, the commit-
tee then (at ten minutes past four o'clock, p. m.)
took a recess until seven o'clock, p. m.
EVEWNQ SESSION".
The committee resumed its session at seven
o'clock, (Mr. Colfax in the chair.)
Mr. KELSEY, who was entitled to the floor,
addressed the committee upon the slavery question
in its various phases.
Mr. HOFFMAN spoke in advocacy of the
doctrines of the " American" party, and in favor
of a modification of the naturalization laws.
Messrs. CARUTHEIIS and TAPPAN made
speeches on the general politics of the country.
The speeches arc withheld for revision, and will
be published in the Appendix.
Mr. WADE obtained the floor, and moved that
the committee rise.
The motion was agreed to.
So the committee rose, and (Mr. Simmons
having taken the chair as Speaker pro tempore)
Mr. Colfax reported that the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union had had the
Union generally under consideration, and partic-
ularly the bill making appropriations for the legis-
lative, executive, and judicial expenses of the
Government for the year ending June 30, 1857,
and had come to no lesoiution thereon.
And then, on motion of Mr. COLFAX, (at
twenty-five minutes after ten o'clock, p. m.,) the
House adjourned until to-monow, at eleven
o'clock, a. m.
IN SENATE.
Tuesday, July 2!),
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. Hexry C. Dean.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATIONS.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore laid before the
Senate a report of the Secretary of War, com-
municating, in compliance with a resolution of
the Senate, a copy of a statistical report on the
sickness and mortality of the Army of the United
States; which was read.
Mr. BELL, of Tennessee. That is a very in-
teresting report, and I think we ought to hove an
extra number of it printed. I move that five
thousand extra copies be printed, which motion
I suppose will go to the Committee on Printing.
I had thought myself of a larger number; but on
consulting with several gentlemen who feel inter-
ested in the report, and think it is one of great
value to the country, I picpose five thousand as
a number more likely to meet the approbation of
the Senate. I will suggest also that it be printed
in quarto form, in order that it may be made use-
ful. I do not know that that is necessary to be
included in the motion. I merely suggest it for
the consideration of the Committee on Printing.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The first ques-
tion will be on printing the report.
The motion was agreed to; and the motion to
print five thousand extra copies was referred to
the Committee on Printing.
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS.
Mr. TOUCEY presented the petition of Sarah
Adams, praying to be allowed the half-pay and
commutation due on account of the services of
her father, William Adams, es an officer in the
revolutionary army; which was referred to the
Committee on Revolutionary Claims.
Mr. WELLER presented the petition of John
Ferguson, contractor for carrying the mail from
San Francisco to Sacramento, in California, pray-
ing to be released from certain liabilities incurred
by him in the execution of his contract; which
was referred to the Committee on the Post Office
and Post Roads.
He also presented the proceedings of the San
Francisco Chamber of Commerce, and a petition
of citizens of San Francisco, in favor of a reform
in the postal system of tfie United States; which
were referred to the Committee on the Post Of-
fice and Post Roads.
Mr. SEWARD presented a memorial of cit-
izens of Oswego, New York, praying for an
appropriation for improving the harbor of Port
Ontario;which was referred to the Committee on
Commerce;
Mr. YULEE presented the memorial of Louis
F. Tasistro, praying for compensation for ser-
vices m examining materials to be used in the
publication of the American Archives, by direc-
tion of the Secretary of State; which was referred
to the Committee on Claims.
Mr. CASS presented the petition of Algernon
S. Taylor, an officer in the marine corps, pray-
ing to be allowed additional pay for the perform-
ance of certain staff duties; which was referred
to the Committee on Naval Affairs.
Mr. JONES, of Iowa, presented a memorial
of the General Assembly of the State of Iowa,
praying that the selections of lands by that State
under the act of September 28,1850, may be con-
firmed; which was referred to the Committee on
Public Lands.
Mr. HOUSTON presented the petition of Mau-
rice K. Simons, a soldier in the late war with
Mexico, praying for an increase of his pension;
which was referred to the Committee on Pensions.
PAPERS WITHDRAWN.
On motion of Mr. BENJAMIN, it was
Ordered, That the memorial and papers of Thomas C.
Lewis be witlidiawu lrom the files, and referred to the
Committee on Private Land Claims.
RESOLUTION.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee, submitted the fol-
lowing resolution; which was considered by
unanimous consent, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Hon. Eli^ha Whittlesey, now First
Comptroller of the Treasury, bo requited to traiif-mit to
the Senate Ins icport upon the K'leried to hint by the
seventlii section ot the act of March 3, 1&V>> anil his opin-
ion whether the parties theiem reieired lo <u<: enntled in
justice and equity to any further lehef lioin the evidence
now beloie him ; and, if so, to what amount.
REPORTS FROM COMMITTEES.
Mr. WELLER, from the Committee 011 Mili-
tary Affairs, to whom was referred the memorial
of Christine Barnard, reported a bill (S. No. 413)
to continue a pension to Christine Barnard, widow
of the late Brevet Major Moses J. Barnard,
United States Army; which was read the first
time, and passed to a second reading.
Mr. SEWARD, from the Committee on Com-
merce, to whom was referred a petition of citi-
zens of Florida, reported a joint resolution (S. R.
No. 33) providing for the survey of the inland
passage between the rivers St. John's and St.
Mary's, in the State of Florida; which was read
the first time, and ordered to a second reading.
lie also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the bill (II. R. No. 338) for the re-
lief of.Tohn Nash, reported it without amendment.
He also, fiom the same committee, to whom
was referred the bill (S. No. 411) for continuing
the improvement of the harbor of Mobile, at
Dog river bar, Choctaw Pass, and to the Lower
Fleet, reported it without amendment.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the bill (S. No. 412) for continuing
the improvement of the Hudson river, reported
it without amendment.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the joint resolution (S. R. No. 28)
relative to the building for a custom-house and
post office at Toledo, Ohio, reported it without
amendment.
On motion of Mr. HUNTER, it was .
Ordered, That tile Committee on Finance be discharged
from tile lurther consultation of tiie memorial uf Captain
John IS. Montgomery, and that 11 be referred to the Com-
mittee 011 Claims
On motion of Mr. HUNTER, it was
Ordered, That the Committee on Finance be discharged
from the further consideration of the bill (II. R, No, 205)
for the relief uf West Drinkwater and others, and that it
be referred to the Committee on Claims.
Mr. STUART, from the Committee on Pat-
ents and the Patent Office, to whom was referred
the memorial of Nathaniel Hay ward, for an ex-
tension of his patent for his improvement inIndist
rubber goods, submitted a report, accompanied
by a bill (S. No. 414) for the relief of Nathaniel
Hay ward; which was read, and passed to a .
second reading. The report was owlefed' to be
printed. . , .
Mr. MALLORY, from the Committeeoh Naval
Affairs, to whom was referred the memorial of
Hans Nelson, alias Hans Knutson, submitted an
adverse report; which was ordered to be .printed.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the memorial of J. P. Milton, for
extra compensation for services as clerk at the
Memphis navy-yard, submitted an adverse report;
which was ordered to be printed.
Mr. BENJAMIN, from the Committee on
Commerce, to whom was referred the bill (H.
R. No. 12) for continuing the improvement of
the Des Moines rapids, in the Mississippi river,
reported it without amendment.
Mr. JOHNSON, from the Committee on Print-
ing, to whom was referred the motion to print
ten thousand additional copies of the tenth an-
nual report of the Board of Regents of the Smith-
sonian Institution, reported in favor of printing
the same, of which number two thousand five
hundred are to be for the use of the Institution.
The report was concurred in.
Mr. MASON, from the Committee on Foreign
Relations, to whom was referred a bill (S. No."
405) to provide for carrying into effect the first
article of the treaty between the United States
and her Majesty the Q,ueen of the United King-
dom of Great Britain and Ireland, of the I5th
day of June, 184G, reported it without amend-
ment.
BILL INTRODUCED.
Mr. MALLORY asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to bring in a bill (S. No.
41.r>) for the improvement of the St. John's river;
winch was read the first and second times by its
title, and referred to the Committee, on Com-
merce.
SALE OF MILITARY RESERVATIONS.
Mr. COLLAMER. I move that the Senate
take up the bill to test the practicability and use-
fulness of the atmospheric telegraph.
Mr. MALLORY. There is a bill which I think
will not give rise to a moment's discussion, in
which all the land States are interested, and I ask
my friend from Vermont, before he makes his
motion, as I am with him 011 his bill, to allow it
to be taken up and passed. It is a bill reported
from the Committee on Public Lands to provide
for the sale of military reservations under certain
circumstances. There can be no objection to the
bill, and I feel satisfied that it will not occupy
much time. If it should I will yield it.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The motion
of the Senator from Vermont has precedence.
Mr. COLLAMER. As an appeal is made to
my courtesy by the gentleman, t am incapable of
withstanding it.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on the motion of the Senator from Florida.
The motion was agreed to; and the bill (S. No.
298) to provide for the sale of military reserva-
tions, was read a second time, and considered as
in Committee of the Whole.
It proposes to extend the provisions of the act
of March 3, 1819, entitled "An act authorizing
the sale of certain military sites," to all military
sites which are or may become useless for mili-
tary purposes, without impairing the right of the
States withm which they may be situated to im-
pose taxes on them as upon other lands or prop-
erty, after their sale.
Mr. COLLAMER. There are objections to
that bill, and it has been under discussion before.
Mr. WELLER. I desire to ask a question in
regard to that bill. It seems to be a bill for the
disposition of military sites and reservations.
That subject ought certainly to go to the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs. This bill has never
been before the Committee on Military Affairs,
and I ask how it cotnes to be reported by the
Committee on Public Lands?
Mr, MALLORY: I will say to the Senator
