1856.]
34th Cong.... 1st Sess.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOB£.
209
Kansas Contested Election—Mf- Dunn.
Ho. op Reps.
after the first Legislature should meet at the time
and place appointed by the Governor, all of these
powers, except one, were transferred to the Legis-
lature. The legal maxim, " Exprtssio unius est
exelusio alterius—the expression of one, or of
several things,.implies the exclusion of others—is
precisely pertinent here in determining what Con-
gress intended by this clause the Legislature of
the Territory should not have power to do. It
should not have power to fix the place for its meet-
ings. That power was withheld from the Kansas
Legislature in this clause; and I am not able to
find it conferred elsewhere in this act.
Gentlemen say that the power is embraced in
the clause heretofore referred to, extending power ,
to oti rightful subjects of legislation. That section
limits the power to subjects "not inconsistent with
this act." If this suggestion of gentlemen has any
■weight, what was the use of the clause conferring
all tnese powers in regard to the elections by the
people, the apportioning the representation in the
several counties, the fixing the day of the com-
mencementof the regular sessions,tfec.? Are not
these as much the subjects of rightful legislation
as the place of legislative meetings? So, too,
there are very many other powers conferred on
the Legislature, if gentlemen will examine the
bill carefully, very clearly "rightful subjects of
legislation"—as the districting of the Territory
for judicial purposes, the fixing of the times and
places for holding courts, and the like. Why,
you ask then, if I grant that these are right-
ful subjects of legislation, did Congress confer
power in terms in regard to them on the Legisla-
tive Assembly after it should be once convened?
The answer is, because, in the first instance, all
these powers had been devolved upon the Gov-
ernor, to be exercised by him until there should
be a Legislature to take the subjects in charge;
but nownere in the act did they allow to that
Legislature to control the place of its sittings. It
will not do to say either that the failure to con-
fer this power was an oversight, or in the nature
of what the law books call a casus omissus. The
omission is plainly a matter of design; for that
part of the bill relating to Nebraska is in the very
same words. The same clause in the same -
words will be found in quite a number of our
territorial acts. The omission in all such cases
has been intentional, and always upon some suf-
ficient reason. We may not understand the rea-
son in all cases; in some we do. But whether
we know the reason or not, the law must stand.
The legislative authority is presumed to use all
words and phrases with a proper deliberation
and purpose—to understand and intend just what
is the natural purport of the language employed, j
Having a strict regard to this rule in construing 1
statutes, there is not that difficulty in properly
understanding them which some suppose.
Take a legislative act, one part of which grants
to A the right of a tract of land in fee, and there
it stops, so far as A is concerned; and another
part of the same act grants to B for fifty years
another tract of land, and requires that B should
pay an annual rent during the whole term. Everv
man would see that it was not intended that A
and B should have the same character of right in
the lands assigned to each. No one would say
that, because B was required to pay rent on his
tract A would be obliged to do so too. The
natural purport of the language would show the
intention of the grantor was otherwise. This
illustration is exactly apposite to the act organ-
izing the 'Territories of Nebraska as to Kansas.
I call the attention of gentlemen to a section in
that part of the act which relates to Nebraska,
which is not found in the portion of the act re-
lating to Kansas. It is a provision pregnant with
meaning. Section thirteen declares
" That the Legislative Assembly of the Territory of Ne-
braska shall hold its first session at such time and place, in
■aid Territory, as the Governor thereof shall appoint and
direct."
This is a mere repetition in effect of what is
contained in the clause referred to before, and
which applies to each Territory; but notice what
here follows in this thirteenth section:
" And at said first session, or as soon thereafter as they
shall deem expedient, the Governor and Legislative Assem-
bly shall proceed to locate and establish the seat of Govern-
ment for said Territory at such place as they may deem
eligible; which place, however, shall be subject to be
changed by the said Governor and Legislative Asssq^iy."
New Series—No. 14
Here is a well-conceived, careful, clear, and
well-defined grant of power to the territorial
authority to fix, and again to change the seat of
Government. It is a mere transcript of what is
found in the laws organizing several of our Ter-
ritories. The same provision is found in the Ore-
gon act; and so what gentlemen have said about [
the Legislature of that Territory changing their
seat of government at different times is explained !
by a reference to this expressly-grantedjpower. 1
The same thing is true in regard to other Territo- ;
rial Legislatures, which have manifested a sort of j
nomadic propensity. This thirteenth section gives |
power to locate temporarily, and to change and j
change at pleasure, or to locate permanently. It j
confers the fullest and largest power. There is ]
no limitation.
That provision is found, as I have said, in the \
part of the act referring to Nebraska, and is a
power conferred on the Legislature of Nebraska;
but it is not in that part of the act which refers to
Kansas. Here, then, in reference to Nebraska
Territory, the power is conferred upon the Le-
gislative Assemmy and Governor to change their
seat of government, not only temporarily, but to
make a permanent location. It is toithheld in that
part of the act referring to Kansas. The same
act organizes both Territories. In almost every
respect the powers conferred are extended toeacn
Territory, and by the use of almost the same lan-
guage; but in this particular it is given to one in
clear terms, and not a word is used as to the other.
Here again, then, the maxim," Expressio unius est
exelusio alterius," applies. But I will read what
may furnish some further light on this point—
something that may explain why Congress did not |
extend the powers granted to Nebraska in this
thirteenth section also to Kansas. The thirty-
first section of the act (and this part applies exclu-
sively to Kansas) is as follows:
" The seat of government of said Territory [Kansas] is
hereby located temporarily at Fort Leavenworth; and such
portions of the public buildings as may not be actually used ]
and needed for military purposes may be occupied and used, j
under the direction of the Governor and Legislative As-
sembly, for such public purposes as may be required under
the provisions of this act."
Here, then, by law—the organic law of the
Territory—a seat of government was fixed. Gen-
tlemen answer that it was but a " temporary loca-
tion." That is true; but as a seat of government
is not a thing having any powers of locomotion in
itself, it could not get up and go from this loca-
tion; it could not " take up its bed and walk." j
It would have to remain there until those having
authority and power should take it up and remove j
it to some other place. Who had that authority '
and power? Not the Kansas Legislature, as I
have already shown, unless it derived them from
some other source than the law organizing—
Winging it intobeing^ The territorial government
is the mere creature, in every possible respect, of
national legislation. Is it possible that any one
will require an argument to prove that the crea-
ture has no power except what the creator be-
1 stows ? These'' popular sovereignty'' doctrines
with which gentleeien sometimes confuse them-
selves and mislead others, that are resorted to to
escape the force of so plain a proposition, are
utterly unavailing in answer to this question.
There is not and never has been in Kansas a single
political power that was not born of the creative
power of Congress.
The ingenious turn which the gentleman from
South Carolina [Mr. Boyce] gave this section,
by his plausible play upon the meaning of the
word " temporary" the other day, does not avoid
the difficulty as to the effect of the removal of the
seat of government from Fort Leavenworth. As
I understand his position it is, that " temporary "
means " a short time." Then he states that in
fact the seat of government was at Fort Leaven-
worth "a short time"—that so, this thirty-first
section had been complied with—had had full
effect given to it: and then his deduction is, that
the removal of the seat of government by Gov-
ernor Reeder, and then again by the Legislature,
was all right and lawful. I submit to my friend
from South Carolina that, if his premises were
every one conceded, just as he lays them down,
there are still some other facts he must have to
justify his conclusion; and they are the existence
t(f po\yer in Gc>yerr,qr Reeder fbr the change
made by him, and the existence of a like power in
the Legislature for the change made by it. It will
not do to say, as some gentlemen here do in effect
by their arguments, that Governor Reeder re-
moved the seat of government from Fort Leaven-
worth to Pawnee City, and therefore the Legis-
lature might remove it again from Pawnee City to
Shawnee Mission. If Governor Reeder had
Eower to do as he did, it does not follow that the
legislature had power to do as it did. If Gov-
ernor Reeder had not the power he exercised, his
wrongful act would not make the act of the Le-
gislature right. I insist, however, that no power
was given either to Governor Reeder or the Le-
gislature to go from Fort Leavenworth with the
seat of government.
But whether the Governor had such power or
not is wholly immaterial, as this pretended le-
gislation which gentlemen insist precludes all
inquiry into the rightfulness of General Whit-
! field's election, was had neither at Fort Leaven-
worth nor at the place designated by the Gov-
| ernor. It occurred at a place wholly unauthorized
and unprovided for by the organic law of the
Territory in any way—at a place in effect forbid-
den by that law—at a place chosen by those having
no power to make such choice, and to whom the
exercise of such power was in effect also forbid-1
den. Admitting, for the argument, that there had
been nothing wrong in the election of these men
styling themselves the Legislative Assembly of the
Territory of Kansas—tnat all things had been
rightly and properly conducted down to this mo-
ment, this act on their part of going, upon their
own will and pleasure, to a place for legislative
action unknown to the law, in effect prohibited
by the law which gave them a political existence
and powers to do certain things in virtue of such
existence—this act was a denial of the author of
their existence. It was a repudiation of that par-
ticular existence, and the assertion of one different
and inconsistent with that they really possessed.
It was a renuncirtion of their political existence
under the law of Congress, and an attempt to sub-
stitute their own will instead. It was an abdica-
tion of that territorial government they were
charged with ferrying forward according to a
prescribed rule—a law, and an effort to inaugurate
and set up a government drawn from the original
or elementary sources of political power. Such
! a step is allowable, because it is necessary, where
' mankind are in a state of nature or of anarchy.
But that was not the fact here. There was aO
j existing, operative, binding law, which was above
I the necessities or the wishes of the people of Kan-
sas; and the conduct of the Legislative Assembly
in disregarding and trampling it under foot was
an act of rebellion against law. It was revolu-
tion, and all their enactmentsand determinations
afterwards, following in the lead of this revolt,
are void. That is my conclusion. Congress, no
doubt, might ratify what has been done. That
would give validity to this Kansas Legislature.
Congress is the principal, and might ratify what-
ever the-Legislative Assembly—this mere Govern-
ment agency—has done. But, as in all case?
where the principal gives authority to an agent
to transact business at one place, and the agent
goes elsewhere and transacts the same kind of
business, the principal is not bound unless he
does ratify. If questions of accountability arise,
the agent alone is responsible. In view, sir, of
the very grave consequences which have grown
out of the conduct of this Legislative Assembly,
I am opposed to any ratification. They have ab-
dicated the territorial government; and, as I said
before, all the legislative powers conferred in the
organic act have reverted to the constituent or
creative authority—to Congress; and 1 am, there-
fore, for taking them up again, and reinvesting
the Territory with them, with such new guards
as shall effectually prevent a renewal of usurpa-
tion or abuse.
Gentlemen who take a different view of this
subject call attention to two other provisions ift
subsequent acts of Congress. The first is as fol-
lows:
" Sec. 6. In the event that the Secretary of War shall
deem it inconsistent with the interests of the military service
to furnish a sufficient portion of the military buildings at
Fort Leavenworth for the use of the territorial government
of Kansas, the sum of $25,000 shall be, and in that contin-
gency is hereby, appropriated for the erection of publte
