1856.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOB#
219
%
Mr. GrIDDINGS. I want that gentleman to
meet the charge fairly, or to back out of it. Do
you say that the editor of the New York Tribune
prompted mo to any of these questions ?
Mr. LETCHER. If I back out, I think that I
should be less disgraced than if I went on. [Great
laughter.]
Mr. GIDDINGS. I think so, too.
Mr. MORRILL (when his name waa called)
said: I now i-ise for the purpose of giving notice
that I shall introduce, if I can get the floor at the
proper time, another resolution in order to carry
out the provisions of the one we are now acting
upon, if it meet with the favor of the House. I
resume that, as practical men, we mean to reach,
y the present movement, some practical result.
That result is not expressed in the resolution;
but I take it those who vote for it, and thereby
choose the mouth-piece for their respective par-
ties, will forever after feel in honor bound to hold
theirpeace. Itisan old maxim "that one man can
lead a horse down to water, but twenty cannot
make him drink." Ifwepass this resolution, we
merely invite gentlemen to disclose their opinions.
I apprehend, however, no difficulty on that score.
The difficulty with me is, that we shall have too
many offering themselves. As the distinguished
gentleman from Alabama said the other day,
who had so many crooked questions thrust upon
him, to which straight answers were required, we
should have to cry out, " one at a time." I will
read my resolution for the information of the
House:
Resolved, That under ttie resolution passed this day, the
four names receiving the highest number of votes at the
close of this day's sosyon shall he deemed and taken to be
candidates to all intents and purposes ; and they shall be
called upon by the Clerk, immediately after the leading of
the Journal to-morcow morning, to respond to the queries
propounded by the gentleman from Tennessee, m the in-
verse order of the number of votes winch they may have
respectively received, and be limited in their remarks to
one houi; and any gentleman who shall be called upon and
fail to reply, and thereby " make a good thmg of it," shall
be deemed guilty of a contempt to ah abstraction.
Mr. ORE (when his name was called) rose
and said: Mr. Clerk, in the statement which I
made a moment ago, when my friend from Mary-
land [Mr, Davis] was 011 the floor, I believe
this to he about the true statement of the facts:
The gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. Fuller]
came forward—I do not recollect exactly how—
and expressed his opinions on certain questions.
After he had finished what lie had proposed to
say, he then stated that he stood prepared to an-
swer any questions which might be propounded
to him. The gentleman.from New Yfrk [Mr.
Sage] interrogated him, and he answered the in-
terrogatories. His answer was unsatisfactory to
some gentlemen who had been voting for him,
and 011 the next morning, or that evening 
Several Members. The same day.
Mr. ORR. The same day, then, the gentleman
from Alabama [Mr. Walker] called on his friend
Mr. Fuller, for whom he had been voting, to
clear up certain points which he had faded to do
in answering the interrogatories propounded to
him by the gentleman from New York. There-
fore, the specific questions which he answered
were propounded by his own friends.
One word in reply to the gentleman from Mary-
land, [Mr. Davis.] I think it was hardly cnndid
in him to attempt to produce the impression on
the Housp that Mr. Fuller had answered ques-
tions which Mr. Richardson had'refused to an-
swer.
Mr. DAVIS, of Maryland. I did not intend to
produce that impression.
Mr. ORR. I am happy to hear my friend dis-
claim it. What I have stated was certainly the
inference that was to be drawn from it—that his
candidate had answered questions which the can-
didates of others had not. I submit that every
gentleman who is familiar with the records of
the Rouse for the last six years cannot have the
least doubt of the position occupied by Mr. Rich-
ardson on any one of the questions which have
been propounded to Mr. Fuller, of Pennsylva-
nia. There can be no doubt on the point at all.
The questions which arc now propounded to the
gentleman from Illinois [Mr. Richardson] by
tiit; gentleman from Tennessee [Mr. Zollicof-
rest] j'owr were propounded to the gentleman
from P 'juisylvania, [Mr. Fuller;] and I hope,
when tins resolution is adopted, that that gentle-
man will come up and answer them, and answer
them in the truly national spirit which I have no
doubt the answers of the nominee of the Demo-
cratic party will exhibit. I desire to see the
number of national, conservative men increase all
over the country. I should be gratified to know
that he and his associates at the North occupied
high national ground.
Mr, DAVIS. There was no intention on
my part to intimate in any way that the gen-
tleman from Illinois [Mr. Richardson] evinced
a disposition to4 evade reply to interrogatories
propounded to him. What I did mean" to say
was, that no matter from whom interrogato-
ries proceeded—and they proceeded partly from
my own friends and partly from my opponents
—that one. gentleman did stand before the House
with distinct answers on the precise questions
which are dividing this House, and that no other
gentleman had answered the questions put to
him; that the Democratic candidate had left it to
be inferred that he would answer no questions,
by replying, when the question was asked him
by the honoi able gentleman from Ohio, "I feel
myself bound by parliamentary rule. We are
not on the same ground—I am a candidate." I
supposed that that reply will be equally pertinent
to any other question which might be put to that
gentleman. If he is to pursue a course different
from that pursued for the past five weeks, very
well. I do notcastany imputation; I only mean
to say that there has been a change of policy.
Mr. ORR. The gentleman does us injustice.
There is no change of policy. The question
propounded to the gentleman from Illinois by the
gentleman from Ohio was in reference to the con-
stitution of the standing committees of the Hon so.
The gentleman from Illinois says, to-day, that lie
will make the same answer when that question is
propounded to him; audit is a proper answer. I
would have a most perfect contempt for any gen-
tleman who, when a candidate for the speakership,
would rise m his place, and pledge himself, if elect-
ed, to organize the committees of the House this,
that, or the other way. It is either an implication
that he is not to be trusted, or that it is done with
a view to secure votes from those who are opposed
to him, by compromising his principles and giving
to them the expression of their views in the or-
ganization of committees. I think that the gen-
tleman from Illinois is right; and that is the only
question he has refused to answer.
Mr. SAGE (when his name was called) said:
Mr. Clerk, 1 deem it due to myself to mnkc a
very brief explanation here, from the fact, that in
consequence of my having propounded certain
questions the other day to the gentleman from
Pennsylvania, [Mr. Fuller,] my vote mi hl be
construed into unfairness. The gentleman from
South Carolina [Mr. Our] has stated, in part,
how I came to put those interrogatories, and I de-
sire to correct the historical record on that point.
A gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. Bar-
clay] felt himself called upon to reply to some
remarks that had been made by other gentlemen
from that State, involving a chaige or an intima-
tion that lie was a Free-Soiler; and, during hit* re-
marks, he referred to his colleague [Mr. Fuller]
as having been voted for at home as an ami-Ne-
braska candidate, and occupying the same posi-
tion that other gentlemen did from that State who
were known to be anti-Nebraska Americans. An
hour or two afterwards, Mr. Fuller, on coming
into the House and learning what had been said,
felt called upon to come forward and reply to the
remarks of his colleague in the early part of the
day, and after answering those remarks, he threw
himself back before this grand inquisitorial body,
and said he was ready to answer any questions
that might be put to him. Under thoa>e circum-
stances, being ao anti-Nebraska man myself at
home, and being desirous of carrying out what:
I promised there, and being desirous also of
knowing how much sincerity there was m others
who came here with the same professions, and
had been acting differently from me, I pro-
pounded the questions. The House lias heard
and knows what afterwards occurred. I stated
at the time that I would not have asked those
questions, had not the gentleman volunteered to
invite interrogatories and answer any that might
be propounded.
Sir, I am opposed to all this kind of legisla-
tion. I do not like to call it humbug, yet it comes
nearer to that than I wish it did. I believe no
Practical good will be accomplished by it. We
ave evidence alreadyto this effect, notwithstand-
ing the apparent readiness of the honorable gen-
tleman from Illinois [Mr. RicHARi>soN]to answer
all questions that might be put to him. He has
just announced that he will not answer any ques-
tions in relation to what I regard as of more im-
portance, practically, at this time, than anything
with reference to the general political questions
of the day. I refer, sir, to the formation of the
committees under the parliamentary law in a fair
manner. The gentleman gives notice now that
he will not answer questions in relation to how he
will form certain committees to which I refer, and
which I will presently name. Now, sir, I regard
this notice of a refusal to answer these questions
as of vastly more importance than his views about
theNebraskabill. Wehave abundance of evidence
before this'House, how this bill is construed in
different parts of the country. At the South, it
is construed to allow them to carry their slaves
into Kansas, and once there, the people of Kansas
have no power to remove them. At the North,
the Democrats proclaim it as the great panacea to
establish freedom, not only in Kansas, but in all
of the unorganized Territories of the country. 1
might go on adding' to these different views in
different sections of the country on the several
3ucstions that divide the political parties of the
ay, but I will not consume the time of the House
at this time in doing it.
Sir, if there is any question that I desire to be
informed of by a candidate for Speaker of this
House more than any other, it is this: Will lie
fairly and justly carry out the parliamentary law
in the- appointment of committees? If a com-
mittee should be called for to investigate the nat-
uralization question—and I will vote for it with
all my heart—I want a majority of that commit-
tee to reflect the sentiments of the friends of that
measure m this House; and so on in relation to the
other gi eat questions which agitate the country
in regard to the aggicssive extension of slavery
into the common territory of the Union.
Mr. KEITT. I want to ask the gentleman
from New York if his vote would depend on the
answer of the gentleman from Illinois to such a
question? If the gentleman from Illinois will
promise to put him on those committees, will he
vote for him?
Mr. SAGE. Does the gentleman suppose that
I can be bought to vote for Mr. Richardson ? A
different standard of morality must prevail in
South Carolina from what wc have in New York,
if ho supposes that any member from New York
could be seduced into voting for any gentleman
by such a promise.
Mr. KEITT. Well, when thatgcntleman dares
to intimate anything of that kind in reference to
my State, I will answer him m a specific way.
[Laughter, ones of "Order!" and great commo-
tion in the Hall.] Now, if he dares to intimate
anything of that kind, let him have the courage
to do it openly. [Shouts of 44 Order!" "Oh!
oh !" and roars of laughter.] If any of the gen-
tlemen who clamor thus 
Mr. SAGE. I do not yield the floor. I leave
it to the good sense of the House to say if I have
made any intimation, and who has made an inti-
mation, in relation to this matter. I am giving
the reasons for my vote. I hope the gentleman
will not take any exception to the course 1 am
pursuing; but if he does, 1 cannot help it. Sir,
those propositions needlessly consume the time
of the House and delay an organization, which
I presume we all desire; certainly I do, and I
presume that others are as anxious for it as lam.
I vote no.
Mr. BROOKS. I have already stated to the
House that I have paired off with Mr. Murray,
of New Yoik, with regard to the speakership.
I have, however, voted*twice to-day upon other
matters. My friends tell me that a pair-off
usually embraces everything. I therefore usk
that the Journal may be corrected, wo as to omit
my name for this day. [Cries of "That's right!'*']
Mr. ORR. Has my colleague voted for
Speaker?
Mr. BROOKS. No, I have not voted for
Speaker. I voted on the motion for a call of the
House, and also on the motion to lay the resolu-
tion on the table; hut I prefer not to vote at all,
and, therefore, ask to have my name omitted from
the Journal. [Cries of "Agreed!'5]
