THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN C. RIVES, WASHINGTON, D. C.
Thirty-Fourth Congress, 1st Session*.
SATURDAY, APRIL 19, 1856.
New Series.....No. GO.
tlie warrant, or otherwise this provision of the
statute would not be necessaiy. [f is very clcar
that they cannot alienate at all until the warrant
has been issued; and it is equally clear that they
could not alienate the warrant itself befoie loca-
tion, but for the provisions of this act. Where,
then, is the validity of the assertion that heie was
a vested right5
I\Ir. ADAMS. I will not detain the Senate;
bat I wish to say a few words in reference to this
question of vested rights. I think my friend from
Ohio is rather limited in his definition of a vested
right. 1 understand that wherever an individual
is legally entitled to property, and is entitled to
liave his title consummated, he has a vested right.
According to the statute which the Senator has
read, an individual is entitled, on making certain
proof before the Commissioner of Pensions, to
have his warrant issued. In the case contem-
plated by this amendment, the individual has
complied with all that the law requiies, he has
done all that the Government has told lum to do;
he has done all that ho can; and is he not entitled
to tins warrant? All will agree that he is Then
should not his right date from the time of his
application? Then is there not a vested right?
That is the question, and that is what 1 desire to
be understood as saying.
Mr. MASON. Mr, President, if I have under-
stood the policy of this Government, and I
believe of all Governments, in distributing its
bounties or its rewards for meritorious military
services, it has been to make them personal to
those who rendered the service. Ft has hern an
extension of the bounties of the Government to
allow them even to be transmitted to the imme-
diate descendants of those who rendered the ser-
vice, m case of their death. I know very well,
that during the period of my membership m this
body, which has not been very long, they have
invariably, and, as I thought, properly, refused to
give this reward or this premium to any other than
the party who immediately rendered service, or
his direct lineal descendants.
Now, what is the proposition of ihp amendment
befoie us? It is to change that policy, not of
this law merely, but of all existing pension and
bounty laws, if I recollect them rightly, which
have been passed. The provision is, that if the
warrant issue after the death of the party entitled
to it, and the party so dying has left no minor
children or widow, it shall go into his general
estate for the benefit of his creditors or of lus
collateral heirs. That is certainly a departure
from the policy of the Government, and i can see
no wise principle involved in it.
It is argued, however, that this is a vested right.
I need not say to the Senate that the Senator
from Ohio is perfectly clear and conclusive in the
view which he has presented on that point. If
the warrant issue after the party entitled to it is
dead, there is no right at all in anybody, and it
conveys nothing. I can sec no object whatever
in changing the whole policy of the country, by
extending this bounty to collaterals or creditors,
by passing it to the general estate of the party
who would otherwise have been entitled. If he
dies before the warrant issues, and leaves no
minor children or widow, the objcct of the Gov-
ernment in giving the reward is at an end; and
the reward, it strikes me, should end with it.
Mr. ADAMS called for the yeas and nays on
the amendment; and they were ordered.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. I wish my friend from
Vermont, [Mr. Foot,] who seems to have charge
of this bill, would consider this amendment a
little more. According to the decision of our
courts, I believe a land warrant unlocated is real
estate. Who shall have the proceeds if the ex-
ecutor sells ? Congress does not direct; and it
must pass then, according to the local laws of
the several States,T)y descent, to those who stand
in the relation of heirs. Why should it not go
to them at once ? Why interpose the executor
and compel him to sell ? Though a man may
have left no children he may have left an heir.
There is scarcely any so poor as not to leave an
60
heir. Some may not have children, but there are
i generally in this country heirs.
| What policy is there, what purpose is there,
| in making the warrant assignable by the executor
i in case the soldier be dead, and his widow and
I children be dead, or none of them be minors ? I
| do not see any reason for it. I think we are only
! multiplying provisions on this subject,and cum-
' plicatmg the law. For myself, unless there be
some particular reasons assigned in support of this
proposition, I should prefer to let the warrant go
to the heirs-at-law. I believe that wp should do
much in the way of amendment to the bounty
land law to provide in fact, that wherever the
application is made by the soldier himself, the
patent shall issue to him, dead or alive; and it
should be declared that the patent issuing after
the man is dead, shall have the same effect as if
issued in his lifetime; and then leave it to the law
of iuhentance of the State where the land event-
ually located may lie, to dispose of it.
But, sir, [ offer no amendment. I only suggest
that ii st'enis to me that this is a peculiar provis-
ion, and f think we had better leave the warrant go
to the heirs, for it is real estate. This amendment
makes no provision as to what is to be done with
the warrant by the executor. What is he to do
with it ? In the case supposed by this amendment,
all the parties who have been recognized by your
law as entitled to receive the warrant, must be
dead; the widow must be dead, the minor chil-
dren must be dead—for, if they are living, they
would receive it. All tliese parties being dead,
the present law goes no further. It is a limited
gift; and by the death of all the parties who can
take it, it bccomes, according to strict principle, a
lapsed estate; but here you propose to give it to
an executor to sell, for that will be the effect of it
practically. I prefer that it should go to the heirs
themselves, and let tlieni sell if they choose.
The question being taken by yeas aad nays on
Mr. Hamlin's amendment, resulted—yeas 32,
nays 03; as follows:
VrAS—Adams. T?all of New II;u p«hiie, Biit-
lei. Collamer, Kv.ms, Fitzpatuck, Utile, Jlamhn, Ilaiiaii,
I\eit-on, Jan ie *, and Rus.lv—1:2.
NAYc>—Mes'sc*. Allen, Benjamin, Higtrs, Hurler, Bright,
Biodhead, Ca^. Cutleiulen, Fi-h, l-'oot, Houston, Hunter,
iM,i^oii, I'ughj Seward, Shdelf, Stuart, Sumner, Tiumbull,
VVade, Weller, Wilson, and Wnght—2.U
So the amendment was rejected.
Mr. COLLAMER. 1 have an amendment
which I wish to offer. It is to add the following
as a new section:
Sec. And bail further enacted. That the kt minor chil-
dren*'mentioned m the "Aetm addition to certain acts
gulniing bountv land to ceuain ofiieeis and soldier* who
have been engaged in the nnhtaiy service of the United
States," appioved Mareh 3. who wcie such at the
passage of said act, '•hall be entitled to, and receive the
land granted them by the said act, notwithstanding they
nmy have become of lull age belorc the application is made
therefor, oi bffoiu a wan ant therefor has issued.
Several Senators. Read the amendmentagain.
The Secretary rend the amendment.
Mr. COLLAMER. I do not wonder that
Senators ask for a re-reading of the amendment,
and it may be said by them that it must be an
extraordinary state of the law which requires
such an amendment; but it is nevertheless true.
The act which was passed at the last session,
grants the bounty to the soldier; or, in case of
his death, to his widow; or, in case of her death,
to the minor children. After making this provis-
ion, the law goes on in the second section, in
order to make it clear beyond all question, ex
abundante cautila, to declare: ii Those shall be
considered minors who are so at the time this act
shall take effect."
Notwithstanding the explicitness of these
words, it has been decided by the Pension Office
and the Department of the Interior, that where
the soldier and his widow are dead, and a minor
child makes application for the land and files the
proof, who becomes of age before the warrant
issues, he cannot have it. That is the construc-
tion of the Pension Office, although the act ex-
pressly declares that minors shall be considered
as such if they were so at the time when the act
took effect. Lawyers have generally supposed
that an act takes effect on its passage or approval,
unless some other day is expressly named; but
it has now been construed that this act does not
take effect until the Commissioner of Pensions
issues the certificates under it. It is a law to
enable him to make a donation, and when he has
made it and issued a certificate, the law takes
effect; and so it goes on taking effect on different
people from time to time, as a decision is made in
each case; but does not take, effect on its passage.
Is that a proper construction? Gentlemen may
think it somewhat surprising; and I notice some
expressions in the report of the committee which
would seem to imply otherwise; but it is, never-
theless, literally true that such adecision has been
made, and persisted m, within my own personal
knowledge. The Pension Office has refused to
issue a warrant where the applicant became of
age after the passing of the act, and before the
application was made. The result of the action
of the bureau is, that if a minor child—one who
was such at the passage of the act—bccomes of
age before the warrant issues, he cannot have it.
It is to remedy that evil, and carry into effect the
clear intent and meaning of the law, that 1 have
presented the amendment. 1 believe that the
committee agree that it is right.
Mr. STUART. So far as 1 know, the com-
mittee concur with the honorable Senator from
Vermont [Mr. Cot.la.mer] on this subject. I
think the construction of the original act,properly
made, is precisely what the amendment makes
it, and, therefore, does not change the original
law.
Mr. FOOT. I desire to say, in addition, that
this very proposition was before the committee,
and taken into consideration by them; and, if
they had been aware of the construction which
they now learn has been put on that section, they
would have incorporated this provision in the
proposed substitute.
Mr. PTTG1I. I understood, after speaking
with the Commissioner, that the construction was
otherwise; but the Senator from Vermont assures
me to the contrary.
Mr. COLLAMER. I know certainly that it Is
as I state.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. BELL, of Tennessee. I wish to offer a
few small amendments. I first offer a separate
section, covering a few cases only, and I hope
they will be included:
That tlx; provision* of the act which this is intonded to
amend, shall extend to all such officers and soldiers as were
emolled, or engaged in the military service of the United
States, in the war with Mexico, anil who became disabled
by sickness, arid weie for that reason discharged from such
service hetore the expiration of the fourteen days from his
or their entering into such service.
I hope there will be no objection to this amend-
ment. There are but a few cases for which it
will provide, and I think they are distinguishable
from the cases pointed out by the Senator from
Michigan the other day, when he spoke in favor
of restricting the bill. I leave it to the Senate to
decide. I think these cases ought to be provided
for. They are cases of extraordinary hardship.
These persons were actually m the service, became
sick, and were discharged on the report of a sur-
geon, or physician, that it would be fatal to them
if they continued longer, and they were honor-
ably discharged.
Mr. FOOT. This very proposition was before
the committee when they had the subject under
consideration. The merit or the hardship, if
you please, of the cases suggested by the honora-
able Senator from Tennessee, was felt by the
committee; but it must be borne in mind, that
the bill of 1855 gives one hundred and sixty acres
to all who have rendered military service tor the
term of fourteen days; the cases must, therefore,
be very few indeed in which disabilities incurred
in the line of their duty occurred within that
short period of time. However meritorious they
may be, the committee declined to incorporate
this as a general provision in the substitute,
thinking it better to leave it for special applica-
