1820
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 29,
from California, that the hill has been prepared,
though not by the Military Committee, after
consultation with the War Department. Itrefers
the lands' to the War Department for sale. They
are to be sold under the direction of the War
Department. If, however, there is to be a dis-
cussion on the subject, I must, in conformity
_ with, my promise, ask for the postponement of
' the bill.
Mr. JONES, of Iowa. I hope the Senator
from California is not disposed to discuss it.
IMr. WELLER. I do not propose to discuss
itj but I wish to know how it got here. Usually,
subjects of this sort come from the Committee on
Military Affairs. I doubt very much the policy
of disposing of these reservations. If it has
been recommended by the War Department, I
till all interpose no objection.
Mr. COLLAMER. Certainly this bill cannot
pass without very considerable explanation and
discussion. If I understand the bill, it is the same
sweeping provision which was before the Senate
oil a former occasion during the course of this
session. There are no limitations to it. It would
authorize the sale of all the fortifications in the
city of New York. It applies to all the military
reservations, and to all the fortified places in the
country. Certainly, without some sort of limita-
tion, or something confining it to useless military
sites in the interior, it should not be passed.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I move that the bill be
indefinitely postponed.
Mr. MALLORY. If my friend from Louisiana
will withdraw that motion, I will move to lay it
oil the table for the present. I promised to give
way if it gave rise to discussion.
Mr. BENJAMIN. There will be considerable
opposition to it. I am opposed to the passage of
any such bill.
Mr. MALLORY. I move its postponement
until to-morrow.
Mr. WELLER. I move its reference to the
Committee on Military Affairs.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The motion
to refer the bill will have precedence.
The bill was referred to the Committee on Mil-
itary Affairs.
ATMOSPHERIC TELEGRAPH.
On motion of Mr. COLLAMER, the Senate, as
in Committee of the Whole, resumed the consider-
ation of the bill (S. No. 327) to test the practica-
bility and usefuluess of the atmospheric tele-
graph.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment; and on the question of ordering it to
be engrossed for a third reading,
Mr. WELLER called for the yeas and nays,
- and they were ordered; and being taken, resulted
—yeas 14, nays 23; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Adams, Bell of Tennessee, Benjamin,
Uollamer, Dodge, 1'Vssi-twlrn, Foot, Foster, James, Jones
of Iowa, Mallory, Pratt, Seward, and Wade—14.
NAYS—Messrs. Allen, Bell of New Hampshire,
Bright, Brodliead, Brown, Butler, Cass, Clay, Geyer, Hun-
ter, Johnson, Jones of Tennessee, Mason, Keul
Stuart, Thomson of New Jersey, Toombs, Trumbull, Wel-
ler, Wri8ht, and Yulee—23. '
So the bill was rejected.
STRADER AND JOHNSON.
Mr. ADAMS. The Committee on the Post
Office and Post Roads have had under consider-
ation a petition of Strader and Johnson, and in-
structed me to report a joint resolution. Under
the peculiar circumstances of this case, I ask the
Senate to consider it now. If it give rise to any
debate I shall consent that it lie over.
By unanimous consent the joint resolution (S.
R. No. 34) for the settlement of the accounts of
Charles M. Strader and Edward P. Johnson,
mail contractors, was read twice by its title, and
considered as in Committee of the Whole.
Mr. BRODHEAD. I desire to inquire of the
Senator who presents this resolution, whether it
has the sanction of the Committee on the Post
Office and Post Roads ?
Mr. ADAMS. It has the sanction of the com-
mittee, and has been reported from them. It was
passed hero at the last Congress. The facts are 1
stated by the Postmaster General, Comptroller,
and Auditor. There is no dispute about the facis.
I his is a resolution merely to provide for paying
,P,?stmaster .General may deem
equitable and just lor a violation of their contract.
to refer it to
It was passed by the.Senate at the last session,
but was lost in the House for the want of time.
The joint resolution was reported to the Senate
without amendment, ordered to be engrossed for
a third reading, read the third time, and passed.
PAY OF MEMBERS OF CONGRESS.
Mr. BUTLER. I give notice to gentlemen
who are disposed to offer their amendments to
the bill which I introduced the other day, regulat-
ing the pay of members of Congress, that I shall
call it up to-morrow morning, to receive such
amendments as may be offered, and ask that they
be printed, as I understand there are some.
DES MOINES RAPIDS.
Mr. JONES, of Iowa. I ask the Senate to
take up the bill which has been reported from the
Committee on Commerce this morning by the
Senator from Louisiana, making an appropriation
of $200,000 for the improvement of the Des
Moines rapids, in the Mississippi river.
Mr. JOHNSON. I would suggest to my friend
from Iowa that we should consider these bills in
their regular order. I wish to have that improve-
ment made; but all the rest of us want our bills in
order.
Mr. JONES, of Iowa. I want it to go on in
its regular order. It has passed the House of
Representatives, and been reported by the Com-
mittee on Commerce of the Senate, and I think
it is very regular to take it up at this time. I do
not believe it will consume more than ten min-
utes—not more than fifteen minutes at all events.
It is regular, because it has passed the House,
and is reported from the Committee on Commerce,
and is for a very important object.
The PRESIDEN Tpro tempore. The question
is on taking up the bill (H. R. No. 12) for con-
tinuing the improvement of the Des Moines
rapids, in the Mississippi river.
Mr. CLAY. Is it proposed
committee ?
Mr. JONES, of Iowa. It has been reported
this morning.
Mr. CLAY. Why not take it up in its order?
Why not let it take its regular turn ?
Mr. JONES, of Iowa. I call for the yeas and
nays on the motion.
The yeas and nays were ordered; and being
taken,resulted—yeas 22, nays 12; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Allen, Bell of New Hampshire, pell of
Temies.-ec:, IiriRht, Cass, Collamer, Dodge, Durkee, Fessen-
den, Foot, Foster, Geyer, Halanr, Jones of Iowa, Jones of
Tennessee, I'ratt, Pugli, Seward, Stuart, Wade, Welter,
adn Wright—22.
NAYS—Messrs. Bigss, Brodliead, Brown, Butler, Clav,
Hunter, Johnson, Mason, Eeid, Toombs, Trumbull, aiid
Yulee—12.
So the motion was agreed to; and the Senate
proceeded, as in Committee of the Whole, to
consider the bill, which provides for an appro-
priation of $;;00,000 for continuing the improve-
ment of the Des Moines rapids, in the Missis-
sippi river, to be expended under the superin-
tendence of the Secretary of War.
Mr. HUNTER. Is there any report or esti-
mate accompanying this bill? If so, I should like
to hear it.
Mr. GEYER. I will state, that in the annual
report of the War Department we have an esti-
mate of the sum that may be expended this year
in the improvement of the rapids, and of the
commerce that annually passes over the rapids.
The amount that can be expended profitably this
year, as reported by the agent, is $200,000. The
value of the commerce passing both rapids an-
nually is $50,000,000. The nature of the ob-
structions, and the manner of removing them, are
stated in documents accompanying the annual
report of the Secretary of War, to be found in
the second volume ot the President's message
and documents of thissession, at pages 312, 314.
•Mr. CLAY. I desire to have that report and
estimate read. I want to hear it.
Mr. JONES, of Iowa. The reading of the
report will take some time. The surveys and esti-
mates for these rapids improvements were first
made in 18.36. In 1837 the Congress of the
United States made an appropriation of $70,000,
I think, for the removal of these obstructions to
the Mississippi river. Every year since that
time estimates have been sent to Congress from
the War Department, asking and urging an ap-
propriation for the removal of these obstructions.
If there is any work m the Union that may be
considered national off the Atlantic ocean, it
must be the improvement of the Mississippi riv-
er. The commerce amounts to $500,000,000every
year, I believe, according to these reports. The
Secretary of War himself is willing and anx-
ious that these rapids should be improved. The
reading of the estimates and reports may begone
through with; but it will occupy considerable
time,-and I do not think there is any necessity
for it. There is no doubt about the work having
been estimated for, and recommended by, the
Secretaries of Warforthe last twenty years.
Mr. CLAY. I deny that the Secre'tary of War
has recommended any such improvement. 1
know what I say when I deny positively that he
has made any such recommendation, or that he
approves of it. No such recommendation of his
will be found.
Mr. JONES, of Iowa. The report can be
read.
Mr. CLAY. It is to correct these loose repre-
sentations, which are misleading the public, and
are doing injustice to the Secretary of War, that
I ask that these reports may be read. I want to
hear the estimate. I want to know when it was
made. I want to know what the estimate is. I
want to know by whom it was made. Prom
what I gather from the remarks of the Senator
from Missouri, I understand this was an estimate
by an agent—one of those persona who are inter-
ested in keeping up continuously these works,
under the patronage of Congress, in order that
they may find employment, and that they may
procure^ money on which to subsist. Hence I
impeacli the source in the beginning whence these
estimates are derived. I say they come from an
interested source, and, as I pointed out yesterday,
from a source not entitled to credit. I want to
see whether it is- the same agent in this instance,
or one like the agent of whom mention was made
yesterday, who lias had no education in civil en-
gineering, and, peihaps, does not affect even to
play the part of a civil engineer.
Now, sir, I have not read this report. The bill
was referred yesterday to the Committee on Com-
merce, but I could not. attend the meeting of the
committee this morning. I know nothing about
the estimate. The bill was reported back this
morning early, and its passage recommended ;
but the Senate is not advised ofthe importanceof
this work except in the loose declarations of the
Senator from Missouri and Iowa, and they differ
about as widely perhaps as ever two Senators did
in their estimate of the value of the improvement.
One of them tells us that $50,000,0000 of com-
merce pass these rapids annually, and the other
says $500,000,000.
From a very cursory glance at this report of
Mr. John G. Floyd, who it seems is the United
States agent that gives us this information, whose
character is not vouched for, whose competency
no one attests, it will take §1,500,000 to com-
plete this work. I understood the Senator from
Iowa to say that $75,000 had been expended.
Mr. JONES, of Iowa, Seventy-five thousand
dollars was appropriated in 183.7.
Mr. CLAY. Seventy-five thousand dollars was
appropriated in 1837 for this work, and now they
ask an appropriation in this bill of $200,000. It
appears, then, that if we pass this bill it will be
$1,300,000 short of the requisite amount for com-
pleting this improvement; and if we pass it we
are, I suppose, to continue these appropriations
from year to year until we shall have expended the
entire amount estimated for this work. I want to
know who Mr. John G. Floyd is, and when this
estimate was made ; and if it was made as far back
1836 or 1837, whether there has been any recent aa
survey, and if so, by whom it has been made?
Mr. GEYER. These estimates are found in
the report of the present year. Mr. Floyd is the
United States agent who was appointed to super-
intend the work, and he makes the communica-
tion to the general superintendent, Colonel Long,
who makes the report to the Secretary of War.
Appropriations for this work have passed both
Houses whenever a bill has been passed for the
improvement of rivers and harbors. It was
passed at the last session by the Senate in a single
bill. At that time no objection was made.
Now, sir, it is almost impossible to over-esti-
mate the importance of this work. These rapids
are an obstruction—the principal and almost the
only insurmountable obstacle to a course of navi-
