946
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 17,
tion in the very few cases which may possibly
arise in which, within so short a period as four-
teen days' disabilities were incurred while in the
line of duty.
The amendment was rejected.
Mr. BELL, of Tennessee. I will risk another
amendment. I propose, in section live, to insert
"express-men" after " artificers;" and in the
same section, after the words, "Army of the
United States,"to insert "or in the transport and
surf-boat service." I believe these classes are
pretty numerous. I cannot say that they are
limited to a very few, though it may be the case
as to express-men. The men employed in surf-
boats, in landing troops and munitions of war
at various times, and particularly at Vera Cruz,
rendered very laborious and useful service; but
they have been excluded from the benefits of the
act heretofore. It requires particular skill on the
part of men employed in that-description of
■service, and in the transport service generally.
They think they ought not to be excluded from
the benefits of this act. They were exposed to
peril. They were exposed to the enemy's bat-
teries, as well as to the risks of the water. I
merely submit the amendment. I am not tena-
cious about it, nor was I about the amendment
that has been voted down, although I think there
would not, perhaps, be more than two cases
found to which it could apply.
Mr. PUGH. What case does the Senator pro-
pose to include now ?
Mr. BELL, of Tennessee. Surf-boat men and
transport men.
Mr. PUGH. I think they arc included under
the fifth section, which is intended to be very
comprehensive. It says:
" And other persons employed in or about the camps of
the Army of the United States, and subject to military law,
as well as amticers, the servants of naval officers, and all
other persons employed on hoard the -armed vessels ot the
United States, during any of the wars specified in the fnxt
section of the act to which this is an amendment, shall be
entitled to the benefits ot said act."
Mr. BELL, of Tennessee. I have looked at
the word " camps-," but these men could not be
considered as having been employed abouteamps.
Mr. EVANS. They were not subject to mili-
tary law.
Mr. BELL, of Tennessee. I looked also at the
phrase " subject to military law." I submit the
question to the Senate to decide. If they are
already included, of course it will do no harm.
Mr. PUGH. I have no objection, for mypart,
to the Senator inserting the words, "surf-boat
fu'rvice," if that is the only class intended to be
provided for.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. I do not know that I
should have any objection to the amendment if
I knewwh.it kind of persons were included under
the term " express-men." Who arc they?
Mr. BELL, of Tennessee. Men employed in
carrying expresses.
Mr. PUGH. I object to including the express-
men, unless they were subject to military duty;
and I object to including those men who were m
the transport service. The Senator from Tennes-
see will recollect that thousands of persons were
employed in transports carrying troops to Mex-
ico who never went further than Brazos, and
places of that sort. All of them will claim under
this general term. It seems to me they rendered
no military service; but were in the ordinary
employment of the Government. The men of
whom he spoke as being employed in the conduct
of surf-boats at Vera Cruz, I am willing to in-
clude.
Mr. BRGDHEAJD. If the amendment be con-
fined to the surf-boat men at Vera Cruz, I should
have no objection.
Mr. CR'ITTENDEN. It seems to me the
description contained in the term " express-men " ,
itself, is altogether too loose and general, and I
do not know to what it might lead. I know of
no legalized or authorized body of express-men
belonging to the Army. If a general officer
wants to send a message from one end of the line
to the other, perhaps he sends a soldier, a ser-
geant, and he is already provided for by this bill
as a soldier; but if the general catches any fellow
that happens to be standing about, and sends a
message by him, is such messenger to have one
hundred and sixty acres of land besides the pay
stipulated ? Pie is a hireling to do a particular
duty, and is generally very well paid, I presume,
particularly if in any danger. Why should we
give him land ? How far must he have gone ?
Howmany miles must he have carried an express?
Mr. BELL, of Tennessee. Fourteen miles, I
suppose, will do.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. But it applies to " ex-
press-men." Is not he who carries a single
message an express-man? The bill does not
limit the distance or prescribe any.
Mr. HALE. It is limited to fourteen days'
service.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. Not fourteen days for
an express-man. There is no limitation of that
sort prescribed for them. We do not know how
many of these men started to carry one single
message, and carried it in the way in which they
happened to be going. Is an express-man to have
one hundred and sixty acres of land? If we are
going to give away land, I am sure I can find as
deserving a class as these express-men, who
never did carry an express or serve a day in the
Army. I cannot vote for anything so exceed-
ingly indefinite as this.
Mr. BELL, of Tennessee. If any otherterms
can be suggested to express the character of the
men, I shall have no objection. I can conceive
of a great many men, not in regular military
service, quite as deserving as many who will re-
ceive one hundred and sixty acres of land under
this act. I believe I might say there were thou-
sands who traveled a considerable distance with-
out being recognized or mustered into the service
ofthc United States—perhaps hundreds of miles—
who will receive bounty land. I consider those
for whom I propose to provide just as worthy as
those who were enrollea for fourteen days in the
same vicinity.
I do not know that the term " express-men"
expresses the idea very well, but I took it from
communications which I have received. I under-
stand that it is one of the most laborious services
which can be performed. A general in command
of an army may take a man wherever he may
find him; and, if he considers him trustworthy,
und daring, and intrepid, he will send him with
an express, whether he belongs to his army or
not. The Senator from Kentucky may have more
experience about the subject than I have, but I
understand the service is considered important.
They have to run great risks, even to run the
gauntlet through detachments of the enemy's
army, and into an enemy's country. There is no
moie perilous service—none more responsible.
It may be said that there would be some pro-
priety in affixing a limit; but I presume, where
there was employment for their services for four-
teen days, they come within the spirit of that law.
I have heard of a single case where a man was
employed by General Taylor as an express-man,
though he did not belong to the Army, to go from
Corpus Christ! to some distant detachment, and
he was assailed within a few days after he left
General Taylor's camp, and was severely wound-
ed. Ought he not to be entitled to the bounty
of the country under such circumstances? I
should think it reasonable; but, as I said when I
made these propositions, so far as I know, they
cover a very few cases. If they covered a large
class of cases, and were likly to lead to a prodigal
waste of public land, I should be willing to em-
ploy some terms that would limit the operation
of the provision. I am willing to confine it to
meritorious service. However, 1 am not tenacious
about it. If it is supposed that it will lead to any
such consequence, 1 will withdraw it. I only
know of one case to which it could apply.
I think in the transport service, and in the surf-
boat service, on the coast of Mexico, during the
late war with that country, particularly consider-
ing the exposure to which these men were sub-
jected for several months, they really deserve the
consideration of the Government. The honorable
Senator from Ohio objects to including those in
the transport service. I do not know myself to
what extent this relief would be granted. There
may have been great numbers employed in that
service—greater than I have supposed. The surf-
boat men particularly, I think, are entitled to con-
sideration, because they were required to be skill-
ful, and their lives were continually exposed.
There was a great deal of that sort of service on
the coast of Mexico during the late war. How-
ever, I am willing to take the admission of the
Senator from Ohio, i understand he is willing
to provide for the surf-boat men, and I will there-
fore limit my amendment to them.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Secre-
tary will read the amendment as it now stands.
The Secretary read it.
It is so to amend the fifth section as to make it
read as follows:
That clerks and other assistants of quartermasters, com-
missaries, paymasters, surgeons, and assistant surgeons,
together with artificers, the servants of officer?, and other
persons employed in or about the camps of the Army of
the United States, and subject to military law, as well as
artificers, the servants of naval officers, and all other per-
sons employed on board of the armed vessels of the United
States and m the surf-boat service during any of the wars
specified in the first section of the act to which this is an
amendment, shall be entitled to the benefits of the said act 
Mr. PUGH. I will suggest that the amend-
ment of the Senator from Tennessee should be
inserted after the words " armed vessels," so as
to make the phrase read " on board of the armed
vessels and in the surf-boats."
Mr. BELL, of Tennessee. I agree to that
alteration.
Mr. STUART. I think, if the Senate will
direct their attention to the fifth section, they will
see that it covers every person either in the Army
or Navy of the United States who was subject to
military or naval duty. I think that is going as far
as a bounty land act ought to go. It should not bo
lost sight of that when we introduce a provision
into this act, it runs through the whole original
act, extending through all the service since 1790.
There may be a particular service during the
Mexican war that was very meritorious. If so,
let us have a special bill to provide for those par-
ticular persons, naming them, but do not let ua
introduce into this bill, which covers all the wars
of the country since 1730, a provision for men
who were neither in the military nor naval ser-
vice of the country.
This fifth section was carefully prepared for
the purpose of covering every description of per-
sons who had been engaged in any war, and
during that time were subject to be called on for
military or naval duty. It'will be seen here that,
after naming the servants of officers—the original
act named wagon-masters and others—the sec-
tion goes on:
-—"and other persons employed in or about the camps of
the United States, and subject to military duty."
The same language is applied to service in the
Navy. Every person employed, who at the time
might be called on properly to perform military
or naval duty, is now embraced in the fifth sec-
tion, and I think we ought to hesitate before we
extend it further.
Mr. BELL, of Tennessee. I have offered all
these amendments, not because T supposed there
was a large class which could be embraced or
benefited by either of them, but because I know
there were applications of that description either
made or to be made to Congress. I should be
very sorry to do anything that would be in-
congruous with, or destroy the symmetry of, the
bill, or to include any class of persons other than
those intended to be provided for by the original
law which this is intended to amend, or by the
new provisions of this bill. But it has seemed to
me that the terms of the fifth section were so
broad and general that they included some that
might not be subject to military duty or authority
as well as others.
Mr. STUART. The Senator will see that the
words, " subject to military duty," apply to all
mentioned in that section.
Mr. FOOT. I hope my honorable friend from
Tennessee will withdraw his amendment.
Mr. BELL, of Tennessee. I withdraw it on
the suggestion of the Senator from Michigan.
Mr. FOOT. The Senate have already indi-
cated their disinclination to enlarge the provisions
of the substitute. I hope we shall take a vote
upon it.
Mr. BELL, of Tennessee. I have done my
duty in presenting the amendment.
Mr. IVERSON. I have an amendment to
offer in relation to the introduction of parol tes-
timony as a general question, but I do not exactly
know how to get at the object which I have in
view.
Mr. PUGH. The House bill provides for that
alone; and the amendment of the committee is to
strike that out. We can have a test question on
that.
