m)
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 11,
.• Mr. SAVAGE. Before casting my vote I de-
giro to say that I am requested by my colleague,
Mr. Smith, to state to the House that the condi-
tion of his health compelledhim to go to his room,
and that he has paired off with—I am not sure of
the name of the gentleman, but I thmk it is Mr.
■Ritchie, of Pennsylvania. I have no apology
to malts for the vote I am ahout to give. I vote
ay . .
Mr. STEWART (when his name was called)
said: The House will recollect that a few days
• ago I had the honor to offer a series of resolu-
tions which I conceived .presented the basis upon
which the'House might organize. I did not ask
for a vote upon them, but had them read for the
information of members, and for future action, if
advisable. Sir, the election of a Speaker of this
House is a most important act. In certain con-
tingencies the Speaker of the House of repre-
sentatives, under the Constitution and laws of the
United States, may be called upon to cxercise
the high executive functions of this Government,
and therefore a Speaker is not to be elected and
considered merely as a ministerial officer, to see
.that order is preserved here, and that the rules
we may adopt for our government are properly
enforced.
"Well, sir, the distinguished gentleman from
Tennessee, who has offered this resolution, pro-
poses a number of questions. Let these various
candidatesanswertliosequestions, andany others
of a public character. I want to see gentlemen
define their positions. It has been stated that
the gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr. Bavks]
recently said that,under certain circumstances, he
was willing fo " let, this Union slide." I thought
it due to that gentleman an dto the country, that j
that remark and the circumstances stated under ]
winch he was willing the Union should slide,
should be fully explained, and that all the candi-
dates presented sfiould define their positions in
reference to the great questions of the day when
called upon. The Democratic party have pro-
claimed their views, and have placed their candi-
date upon a platform of vital principles; but if
any gentlemen desire to present additional qui --
tion&to him, let them do so, and 1 cannot doubt
ho will answer those questions fairly and fully,
and in the manly style of a fearless statesman.
Let us have all the information we can get in re-
lation to the views of all the candidates.
This vexed question of the power of this Gov-
ernment in the Territories, and over the form-
ation of new States, in regard to the existence
or non-existence of slavery, let me suggest to the
House, was first raised by the North. Missouri
was proposed to be deprived of her constitutional
rights. How? By the North. The North has
presented this question manifestly in a spirit of
aggression and propagandism, and it had to be
disposed of, and now again must be met,. The
question of I he admission of a new State from the
territory in dispute will soon be presented., and it
is essentially proper that the candidates, pressed
by gentlemen lor the support of this House as its
chief officer, should declare their principles so
that they may be known to everybody.
The vive voce principle of voting has been recog-
nised by this House as the true one, instead of
by ballot. Why? Because we stand here as the
Representatives of hundreds of thousands of peo-
ple, and our constituents have the right to know
how we vote, and for whom we vote, and the
views of the candidate we support. That we
should know the opinions any candidate enter-
tains upon great questions of public pohey, is
due to the enlightened progress of the age, to the
critical state of the times, and particularly so
now, in this eventful struggle, when this import-
ant coordinate department of the Government has
remained in an unorganized state for nearly six
weeks.
I congratulate the House and the country that
we are approximating to a basis of action, and
are about to reach a more definite conclusion.
There is a majoiity of this House for or agamst
this paramount question; and until gentlemen
irieia tlie question, it will not be settled, nor this
House m-ganized, I fear. The record must pro'b-
nliiy I..- made up, and the case disposed of, upon
tins single great and overruling issue. Minor
questions, however important otherwise, must
be subordinate to this great national exigency,
which involves in its settlement possibly tile des-
tinies of this glorious Union, with all its hallowed
recollections and progressive advantages. Let
us meet it and settle it in the spirit of the great
and immortal founders of the Government, and
upon the basis of the Constitution, giving the
people of all the States a fair opportunity, in a
spirit of brotherhood and legitimate enterprise,
to lay the foundations of new States, in territory
belonging to all, by the establishment of such
social systems as the people of said territories
when they come to organize States, in their judg-
ment, may think best adapted to their condition.
Mr. TAYLOR, (when his name was called)
said: In the course of the conversation between
the distinguished gentleman from Tennessee [Mr.
Zollicoffer] and my colleague, I understood
the gentleman from Tennessee as saying, in rela-
tion to the .Nebraska bill, that the Democratic
party has presented itself before the country in
such a way that different cons (.ructions were given
to that bill in different parts of the Union. Now,
if I am rightly informed, the distinguished mem-
ber from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Fuller,] for whom
the gentleman from Tennessee has voted,declared
himself, in the political canvass which preceded
his election, opposed to the Kansas-Nebraska bill.
I understand him to declare thathe is still opposed
to the principles of that bill, but inasmuch as an
attempt to repeal it would be agitation, ho would
be opposed to an attempt to repeal it. Now let
us suppose, for one moment, that upon the pro-
pounding of interrogatories to the honorable gen-
tleman from Illinois, [Mr. Richardson-,] it should
appear that his construction of the Kansas-Ne-
braska bill was different from that which the hon-
orable gentleman from Tennessee, himself, places
upon it. I wish to know, then, whether that gen-
tleman [Mr. Zoli.icoffer] would prefer an indi-
vidual who agreed with him in supporting that
great measure, but gave a bail reason for it, or a
gentleman who was opposed to the measure and
to the principles of the measure.
Mr. ZOLLICOFFER. As to the premises
which the gentleman assumes, I will not pretend
to set him right. As to his supposed case, I can-
not undertake to answer questions arising under
a mere supposition. It reminds me of an anec-
dote I once heard of a father, who, of a winter
night, sent his boy out for some wood with
which to make a fire. Said the boy, " Father,
suppose there is none cut?" " Well," says the
father, "go out and get an ax, and cut some."
" But," says he, " suppose the ax is covered up
in the snow?" "Then stir about in the snow
and find it." " But suppose, in stirring about in
the snow, I should stir up a snake there ?" "We
may suppose all sorts of cases, but [ cannot un-
dertake to answer questions arising upon such
an hypothesis as this.
Mr. TAYLOR. I ask the gentleman from
Tennessee if this is an hypothetical case; for the
distinguished gentleman from Illinois [Mr. Rich-
ardson] voted for the bill; and not only voted for
the bill, but, in the discusssion, he contributed,
by his strenuous support, eminently to the suc-
cess of the measure; and this action of the gen-
tleman from Illinois has the hearty concurrence
of the gentleman from Tennessee, [Mr. Zoli.i-
coffkr.] The question, then, is, would that
gentleman prefer an individual who went with
him for the measure, though he gave a bad reason
for it, or an individual who opposed the measure,
and who now condemns it? Thatis the question.
Will the gentleman answer it? [Cries of " Call
the roll!'']
Mr. ZOLLICOFFER. Well, on some other
occasion I will answer the gentleman with pleas-
ure, but I cannot now take the time.
Mr. "WADE (when his name was called) said:
1 do not intend to make a speech, or detain the
House but a few moments. I wish here to bear
my testimony against this miserable perversion
of the object for which we were sent here. This
resolution, and all connected with it, is the small-
est kind of political clap-trap, and ought never
to have been introduced here. We are here for
other purposes; and we are bound to sit here
until we have ejfected an organization, and after
that to do the business the country intrusted to
11s.
I want to explain my vote upon this occasion,
because 1 have voted several times without
making an explanation [laughter;] and the rea-
son why I vote for it is this: I want to see a new
Democratic platform got up for the purpose of
seeing how quick the Democrats will depart from
it, and trample it under foot. That party is con-
verted into a southern agency for the perpetua-
tion of slavery; and whatever may be fished out
upon this floor from their candidate, will be but a
declaration of their sentiments for the time being
The northern-Democrats know nothing, under the
light of God's heaven, but the distribution of the
spoils which accrue to them from their being the
agents of the slave States, in their sectional enter-
prise of making slavery national and freedom
sectional. I want to .see that platform drawn up
again, that I may see how soon they will depart
from it. That party is a mere agent for the ex-
tension of despotism. It is a party of absolutism
in its sympathy with the freedom of the North.
It comes here to represent southern principles—
slaveholding principles. The platform of the
Democrats of my own State is no more like the
platform of the Democrats of Virginia, than the
Christian Bible is like the Koran. They do not
pretend that there is any similarity of principles
between them. The Democrats of Ohio were
pledged to oppose the extension of slavery.
We have had the Union saved five or six dif-
ferent times within my day, and it is the only
thing I ever knew to suffer by salvation. [Laugh-
ter.] It is as near the point of dissolution now
as it ever has been before. The cry has been
made from the time the slave question was first
agitated—and that is from the foundation of the
Government—that, if they did not cease to agi-
t'itf.1 the question, the Union would be dissolved
Iliad the honor of being in the galleries in the
year 1836. at the time of the first salvation of the
Union. But it would not stay saved. [Laugh-
ter.] The. Union has a wondqrful capacity for
getting into trouble, and politicians have a won-
derful knack of saving it. But it will not stay
saved until an election comes around, so we come
up here to get up platforms, to put questions to
candidates, and to talk about saving the Union
again. [Laughter.] Let me say that the Union
will not " slide" half as quick as the politicians
who are so patriotic in their efforts to save it.
[Laughter.] It has more vitality than all the
politicians who stick their right hand into the
Treasury, at the same time they save the Union
with the other.
The Democratic party receives revelations very
much as Mohammed did, and if the last one
contradicts the first, why, it is a new revelation,
and supplants the first. The salvation of the
Union,Effected by the compromise of 1850, lasted
no longer than winter before last. It wTas saved
two years before that. It has become the busi-
ness of each new Congress to save the Union.
And now, putting questions to the gentleman
from Massachusetts, [Mr. Banks,] and to tho
gentleman from Illinois, [Mr. Richardson,] and
to the gentleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Ful-
ler,] is to save the Union. This is going to be
a new Democratic, revelation by which they will
swear until the Cincinnati convention assembles;
and then it will be cast aside as an old, worn-out.
girment—as an old shirt-tail. [Laughter.] After
le Cincinnati convention there will be a new
revelation declared, for the purpose of having
that sworn to.
And now let me say to them, that the more they
act to put down agitation, the more that agitation
comes up. It has done so throughout all my
experience, and will continue to do so. And
now tho North lias never had anything like the
materiel and magazines of warfare, such as ^ the
Democrats and 'Whigs combined have put into
our hands. The gentleman over the way [Mr.
Smith, of Tennessee,] talked about the wonder-
ful capacity of the Democratic party to adminis-
ter the affairs of the Government, and to save the
Union. [Laughter.] Of course that was its mis-
. sioii; but, sir, when this President was elected,
some three years ago, how was it with the Dem-
! ocratic party? It came into power with a ma-
]' jority in this House of—I think—two to one.
1 Well, such has been the statesmanship manifested
; by the Democratic party, headed by the Presi-
' dent and his Cabinet, that they have worn that
party to the ground, so that th-y have kept us
here six weeks trying to do—what? To get a
Speaker for this House—and that taxes their in-
genuity to tho utmost. They cannot, by any
! possible means, get a Speaker elected here, unless
