1856.)
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
211
34th Cong.... 1st Sess.
Kansas Contested Election—Mr. Galloway.
Ho. op Reps.
of an indictment, or in some stratagem which
ingenuity may devise.
The past misfortunes and the present perils of
the people of Kansas have produced throughout
our country an unusual and profound excitement
—not a mere ripple on the surface, but a ground-
swell of the national heart. This intense feeling,
gradually increasing in power, can only be health-
fully allayed by energetic remedial action by this
House, and by every other branch of the Govern-
ment whose power can be applied to the wrongs
and grievances of the people of the Territory. I
trust, then, that what the country demands, what
justice requires, may be granted—that we may
nave a full investigation of the whole matter. I
do not care where the sword of avenging justice
falls, so that it strikes the guilty. If the rights
of the people have been trampled on, I wish to
know who they are who have perpetrated the
outrage; I do not care whether it will be found
that they are from Massachusetts or from Mis-
sissippi, from the North or from the South; my
wish is that the rascalities of the malefactors may
be exposed fully to the public gaze, and that they
may suffer adequate and exemplary punishment.
Mr. Speaker, it appears to me, tnat the consti-
tutional rule, that "each House shall be the
judge of the elections, returns, and qualifications
of its own members," clothes us with plenary
power. I think the discussion has manifested
that that power has been heretofore fully exerted.
What is the object of this rule ? Is it not to as-
certain the genuine and legal expression of pop-
ular sentiment? What are these "returns and
qualifications" but instruments of evidence by
and through which the will of the people is con-
veyed to us. If these things have been perverted
from their appropriate use, it is the duty of this
House, with scrutinizing eye, to follow up the ,
channels until they arrive at the source, and see |
whether or not the fountain has been poisoned, [
and corrupt streams have thence issued. '
I will not advert to the authorities which have
been so abundantly presented. They have al-
ready been fully and ably descanted on by other
gentlemen. The paramount consideration, upon
which the majority base their report and resolu- |
tion to send for persons and papers, is the inval-
idity of the law under which the sitting member j
[Mr. Whitfield] was elected; that law having j
been passed by a tumultuous assembly, acquiring j
position by acts of force and fraud—in palpable
violation of right—in opposition to the spirit and
letter of the organic act of the Territory—an ■
assembly destitute of every element of a proper |
legislative body.
To these allegations it is replied, in the first
Elace, that Mr. Reeder is estopped by having, in
is official capacity as Governor, passed on the
returns and qualifications of the members of this
Legislative Assembly. To this I reply, that if
wrong has been done—if wicked men have banded
together for the purpose of prostituting the suf-
frages of the people of Kansas, and of violating
the organic act of the Territory—if Governor
Reeder has leagued himself with these outlaws,
and winked at their enormities, then is it not
both right and expedient that we should use one
of the conspirators, who, unlike his confederates,
has been smitten with a sense of the wrong, as
State's evidence, for the purpose of subjecting to
the power and penalties of the law the skulking
perpetrators of wrong ? An argument thus founded
upon the assumed degradation of Governor Reeder
would strongly tend to corroborate the charges
preferred against the pretended Legislature of
Kansas.
But, again: if Mr. Reeder's present position
and conduct are in disreputable contrast with his
acts as Governor of Kansas, and exhibit him
(according to the assertions of our opponents) to
be faithless and false, then his depravity becomes
a strong reason for the inquiry proposed by the
committee. When Mr. Reeder was appointed
Governor he was alike eminent for his private
virtues and professional attainments. He was
indorsed by the recommendation of the Executive
of the nation, and sent to the people of the Terri-
tory as a man eminently capable to discharge the
high and responsible duties attaching to the gov-
ernorship. If the maxim of law, nemo repents tur-
pissimus—(no man suddenly becomes very base,)
is contradicted by his sudden and strange apos-
tacy—if Mr. Reeder has become so prostituted
by his brief association with the men of Kansas,
then it is high time that some corrective should be
devised. When offensive corruption exists in
matter, a disinfectant—as chloride of lime—is
used. Why not apply an appropriate remedy in
a case of moral defilement? If the Territory is
so morally debased, (as the argument against
Governer Reeder indicates,) it is our duty to
purify that infant colony, and to see that it shall
grow up in all those elements of moral grandeur
which will qualify it to become a worthy member
of this Confederacy.
The apparent inconsistency of Governor Reed-
er, in impeaching the integrity of a Legislature to
a majority of whose members he had granted
certificates of election, may be rationally ex-
plained. He probably only saw the voters at a
single election poll, and could not know what
transpired elsewhere, except by testimony fur-
nished by contestants. There is no evidence that
he shrunk from the discharge of duty in any case
in which allegations and proofs of illegality were
I>roduced. It is not strange that frauds should
lave been perpetrated, and yet the injured fail
to communicate their wrongs to the Executive.
The same power which struck with terror the
hearts of voters would affright-them from expos-
ing the wrong-doer's. The same wicked ingenuity
which could perpetrate frauds at the ballot-box
could use the arts of deception and falsehood in
the chamber of the Executive. Admit the incon-
sistencies and errors charged upon Reeder, and
yet it cannot be pretended that a plea of estoppel,
which would conclude him, could bar the claim of
people who are not even charged with any'com-
plicity in his errors. How conveniently hereafter-*
can this novel application of the common-law
dogma of estoppel (hitherto exclusively confined
to judicial proceedings) be used to check the
obliquities of legislation and legislators!
If Governor Reeder is now to be estopped from
utterances and deeds conflicting with declara-
tions and official acts of the year 1855, then we
demand that the rule shall be applied to all who
have sinned, or may sin, after the similitude of
his transgression. When and where, in the his-
tory of the country, was there an act consecrated
more by the high solemnities of law? When and
where was a compact more solemnly consum-
mated, than that made by our fathers of 1820?
And yet, thirty-four years afterwards, in the year
of grace 1854, " privies in blood, and privies in
estate" of one of the parties in that grave trans-
action, after having secured all the advantages
" nominated in the bond "for their ancestors and
themselves, annulled that sacred compact, and
thus wrested from us, the " privies in blood and
privies in estate" of the other party, all the ben-
efits of a contract, for the full ana faithful per-
formance of which your ancestors pledged to our
ancestors their faith and honor. Mr. Speaker,
if ever there was an occasion when the doctrine
of estoppel might have been pleaded with perti-
nency and power against any man, or any set of
men, violating the sacred provisions of a contract,
that was the hour.- And if Governor Reeder is
to be estopped, I take it the doctrine of estoppel will
place the appropriate stamp upon that tragic act-
—the " mother of this progeny of ills." In the
parodied language of the poet
—You plucked you ate ;
The North felt the wound, and the Union, from her seat,
Sighing through all her ports, gave signs of woe.
Without any pretensions to the spirit of pro-
phecy, I yet predict that the day will come when
many, bitterly recollecting the time of the pass-
age of the Kansas act, will utter the language of
Macbeth in the tragedy—
" Let that pernicious hour
Stand aye accursed in the calendar!"
Many gentlemen, hot with indignation at the
alleged errors and perfidy of Reeder, have hurled
at him the heaviest bolts of their wrath; and the
distinguished gentleman from Georgia, [Mr.
Stephens,] not now present, enrolled him, by the
vivid comparison which he drew, in the same cat-
alogue with Aaron Burr. Yes, this man Reeder,
dishonored by a speculation in town lots, and by a
breach of the proprieties of his high executive
office, waeremovea, and the vacant s®at of magis-
tracy was filled by a gentleman from Ohio, who
imparted special glory to his name and memory
by aiding in that magnificent speculation of 1854,
by which the Territories of Kansas and Nebraska
were taken, not from the Indians, but from free-
dom and northern freemen. What an admirable
illustration of the ancient doctrine, " casting out
devils by Beelzebub, the prince of devils."
[Laughter.] If Governor Reeder has been guilty
of treachery, I ask by what epithet shall the con-
duct of his successor be characterized ? I have no
personal antipathy to the present Executive of
Kansas, and 1 assail not his private character, but
that act of infidelity to a betrayed constituency.
Yes, sir, for that act Governor Shannon was
buried deep beneath the denunciations and re-
proaches of an outraged people; and in thatgrav#
of oblivion would he have lain undisturbed but
for the resurrection voice of the Executive of this
Confederacy.
The President, having repudiated Reeder for
his land speculations, looked around for some man
to fill his place; and after angling unsuccessfully
elsewhere, he threw his line and bait into a stream
in Ohio, and thence drew up Governor Shannon,
breathed into him the breath of life, made him a
living thing, and sent him into Kansas to govern
the people of that infant Territory. I have notnow
any unkind words for the gentlemen of the South;
but I must speak boldly of the recreant men of
the North. The President of the United States
may clothe men who have been false to freedom
with the honors of office, but these cannot hide
from vision inglorious acts. Of such it may be
said, as was recorded by a prophet of one who
in ancient time was faithless to his trust—
" They shall not lament for him, saying,' Ah, brother! *
they shall not lament lor him, saying,' Ah, lord!' or ' Ah,
his glory!' he shall be buried with the burial of an ass,
drawn and cast forth beyond the gates of Jerusalem."
The metaphorical language of that declaration
does not too strongly express the degradation
which insulted freemen affix to perfidy. Indeed,
in these latter days of degeneracy there are some
who have not even exhibited the reverent spirit
of that well-bred animal that Balaam rode. That
ass would not pass the angel of the Lord that stood
before him, but "ran this way and that way,"
and would not go forward; and when Balaam
smote him again and again, he turned up his eye
and said: " Am not I thine ass upon which thou
hast ridden ever since I was thine unto this day?"
The subservient northern minions of slavery at
first hesitated when the angel of freedom stood in
the why; but, spurred and whipped by their impe-
rious riders, they obediently and patiently moved
forward without even uttering the whining cry,
"Are not we thine asses?" [Laughter.]
I proceed to a consideration of the gravamen
of this controversy—to the allegations contained
in the majority report of the committee—that
the election of March 30, 1855, was effected by
invasion; that force and intimidation were prac-
ticed; that the grossest frauds were perpetrated;
and that,in consequence of those illegalities, the
persons then and thus elected could not consti-
tute a legal and valid Asembly, and that all acts
Fassed by such an Assembly are utterly void,
have no words of justification or apology for
any one who participated in those wrongful acts,
but am anxious, as all ought to be, that all who
were sharers in the fraud, come from whatever
section of the Confederacy they may, should be
shearers in the condemnation. (
But, Mr. Speaker, I propose to exhibit some'
evidence in confirmation of the representations
which have been made by the majority of the com-
mittee, and tending to exhibit the necessity of an
investigation. I will read to you the declara-
tions of the St. Louis Intelligencer as to the alleged
invasion of the Kansas polls:
" Atchison and Stringfellow, with their Missouri follow-
ers, overwhelmed the settlers in Kansas, brow-beat and
bullied them, and took the government from their hands.
Missouri votes elected the present body of men who insult
public intelligence and popular rights by styling themselves,
' the Legislature of Kansas.' This body of men are help-
ing themselves to fat speculations by locating' the seat of
government,' and getting town lots for their votes. They
are passing laws disfranchising all the citizens of Kansas
who do not believe negro slavery to be a Christian institution
and a national blessing. They are proposing to punish with
imprisonment the utterance of views inconsistent with
their own. And they are trying to perpetuate their pre-
posterous and infernal tyranny By appointing for a term of
