1856.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
947
Mr. IVERSON. I know that very well, but
still there is a difficulty in the way. The House
bill simply repeals so much of the third section
of the act of 1855 as required record evidence. If
the House bill were passed with that simple pro-
vision, it would not follow, as a matter of course,
that the Commissioner of Pensions would receive
parol evidence. He might at his discretion require
record evidence. I want to provide an amend-
ment, by which that discretion shall be taken
away from the Commissioner of Pensions, and
that, if parol testimony is tendered, he shall re-
ceive it in all cases. I therefore proposed this
amendment, which is somewhat an enlargement
of the House bill. I presume it is competent to
offer it us an amendment to the amendments of
the Committee on Public Lands. It embraces the
House bill, with a few additional words. I will
read it for the instruction of the Senate:
That bo much of the third section of the act "in addition
to certain acts granting bounty land to certain officers and
soldiers who have been engaged in the military service of
the United States," appioved March 3, 185."), as requires the
party claiming a cPititicate or warrant under the piovhnons
of said act to establish his or her ri^ht thereto, by record
evidence of the service lor which naid certificate or war-
rant has been, or may be claimed, be and the same is heie-
by repealed; and parol evidence, wheie no record evidence
exists, maybe admitted to prove the seiviee performed,
under such rules and regulations as the Pension Office may
prescribe.
I propose that by way of amendment to the
substitute reported by the committee. It includes
the House bill as it came to us originally, and
which the Committee on Public Lands propose
to strike out; but the Senate will perceive that
there is something in addition to the House bill
in my amendment.
Mr. PUGH. I think it is inconsistent with
another provision of the substitute, unless you
move to strike it out. It is inconsistent with the
third section.
Mr. IVERSON. If my amendment be adopted,
that can be stricken out.
Mr. PUGH. The Senator had better make a
motion to strike out the third section of the sub-
stitute, avid insert his amendment. The third
section of the substitute defines the meaning of
" record evidence" under the former law.
Mr. IVERSON. I have no objection to that.
I am not very familiar with parliamentary rules,
and therefore do not exactly know how to pro-
ceed to accomplish the object.
Mi. STUART. It is in order either way.
Mr. SUMNER. I would suggest that there is
also a proviso in the seventh section which would
have to be stricken out.
Mr. IVERSON. That will be done, as a
matter of course, if my amendment be adopted.
Mr. SUMNER. I think the first vote might
be taken on the proposition of the Senator from
Georgia, and then these other provisions can be
stricken out, as a matter of course, if that be
adopted.
Mr. IVERSON. Yes, sir, that will be better
perhaps. The Senate will remember that the bill,
as it came from the House, simply provided for
the repeal of so much of the act of 1855 as re-
quired record evidence. The Committee on Pub-
lic Lands have reported a substitute for that bill.
The House bill opened the door for the admission
of parol evidence generally applicable to all cases.
The Committee on Public Lands have thought
proper to report a bill striking out this provision
making a general application of parol evidence to
all cases coming under the provisions of the law,
and they have proposed a substitute in which 1
think they have committed very decided inconsist-
encies. t think the substitute which they have
reportedisaclearcaseof partial legislation, which
the Senate ought not to sanction. I proceed in a
very few words to show what 1 mean. It says:
u That, in cases arising under the ninth and eleventh
sections1 of the act aforesaid, the fact of service may be
piovcd by parol testimony, under such rules and regulations
as may bo prescribed by the Commissioner of Pensions."
"Well, sir, what are the ninth and eleventh sec-
tions of the act of 1855, in regard to which the
bill of the comnuttce proposes to admit parol
evidence, and to travel out of the general princi-
ples which they lay down? They are in these
words:
Sue 9. J3ni he it farther enacted, That the benefits of
this act shall be applied to, and embrace those who served
&:* volunteers at the invasion of Plattsburg, in September,
1814 ; abo, at the battle of King's Mountain, m the levolu-
tionary war, and the battle of Nickojack, against the con-
federated savages of the South."
"Sec. 11. And he it farther enacted,, That the provisions
of this act be applied to those who served as volunteer*? at
the attack on Lewistown, m Delaware, by the British fleet,
in the war of 1812 and 1615."
The committee propose to allow the persons
who served on these particular occasions the
privilege of proving their service by parol evi-
dence, and they exclude it in every other case.
They refuse to permit any soldier, no matter
where he has served, how he has served, in how
many battles he may have been engaged, to prove
his service by parol evidence, but they permit it
in these particular cases. Why, sir, the pro-
visions of the act of 1855 apply in this way. The
seventh section enacts—
" That the provisions of tills act, and all the bounty land
laws heretofore passed by Congress, shall be extended to
Indians in the same manner and to the same extent as if
the said Indians had been white men."
The eighth section enacts—
"That the officers and soldiers of the revolutionary war,
or their widows or minor children, shall be entitled to the
benefits of this act."
By that clause the benefits of this act are ex-
tended to all officers and soldiers of the revolu-
tionary war, as well as to the soldiers who fought
atPlattsburg, Lewistown, Nickojack, and King's
Mountain. To be sure that clause does not spe-
cifically provide that the soldiers who fought at
Saratoga, or at Monmouth, or at Yorktown, or
at any particular place, shall be entitled to the
benefits of the act. I suppose, if these places had
been designated, the Committee on Public Lands
would have allowed them to introduce parol tes-
timony to support their claims; but where is the
difference ? The provisions of the law are ex-
tended to all officers and soldiers of tlie revolu-
tionary war who were engaged in battle, and yet
they are excluded by the operations of the act of
1855, and of the amendment of the Committee on
Public Lands, from the privilege of proving their
service by parol testimony; while those who served
at Plattsburg, and the other places which have
been mentioned, are permitted by the bill which
the committee have reported to prove their ser-
vices by parol testimony. Now, I desire the Com-
mittee on Public Lands, or any member of it, or
any member of the Senate, to show me the dif-
ference in merit between men who fought at the
battle of Monmouth, or Saratoga, or any other
battle of the Revolution, or of the war of 1812,
or in Mexico, or with Indian tribes at any time,
in any form or shape, and those persons who
fought at Plattsburg and Lewistown' You say
thaf the law of 1855 intended to give bounty land
to the Plattsburg volunteers in terms; but the law
of 1855 did not intend any more to give them
land than to give land to the soldiers of the Rev-
olution, and the soldiers who fought in Mexico.
You say that, because the act of 1855 designated
the Plattsburg and other volunteers named, and
I intended to give them bounty land, they shall be
permitted to prove their services by parol testi-
mony, when you also admit that the act of 1855
intended to give bounty land to the soldiers of the
Revolution, and yet you refuse to permit tliem
to prove their service by parol evidence. It is
unjust m its operation, and ought not to be coun-
tenanced, in my opinion, by the Senate.
Again, the substitute reported by the Commit-
tee on Public Lands declares, that where asoldier
has heretofore obtained a bounty warrant from the
Land Office for services heretofore rendered, if
the amount shall be less than one hundred and
sixty acres, that bounty warrant shall be conclu-
sive evidence of his service.
Mr. PUGH. Prima facie evidence.
Mr. IVERSON. At any rate it is evidence of
the service he lias rendered, so as to entitle him
to the full benefit of the law, to increase the quan-
tity of land to one hundred and sixty acres. The
singularity of that provision is this: that under the
original bounty land laws the soldier was entitled
to establish his claim to bounty by parol testi-
mony. A man who served one month was enti-
tled to forty acres of land, and he could establish
it by parol evidence; a man who served four
months was entitled to eighty acres, and he could
establish his services by parol testimony; and so
in relation to the one hundred and sixty acres.
But now, by this bill which the committee have
reported, you make a judgment of the Land Office,
founded on parol evidence, the basis of a claim to
additional bounty from the Government, when
you refuse to permit a man who has sefved the
fourteen days subsequently to obtain his bounty
by the exhibition of parol testimony. There is
the inconsistency.
Again, sir, the Committee on Public Lands, in
the seventh section of their substitute, make this
provision:
" That the provisions of the said act shall extend to all per-
sons who have served as volunteers with the armed forces of
the United States, subject to military orders for the space of
font teen days, in any of the wars specified in the first section
of the said act, whether such persons were or were not mus-
tered into the service ofthe United States: Provided however,
That in cases arising; under this section the Commissioner
of Pensions be, and lie is hereby, authorized to receive the
affidavit, or other authenticated statement or report, of any
officer of the Army of the United States, in obedience to
whose commands, or with whom, such military service was
rendered, if record evidence thereof cannot be produced."
According to the provisions of the substitute
of the committee, if a company of soldiers were
called out, and had the good luck to serve with
half a dozen regular soldiers of the Army of the
United States, they can prove their service by
parol testimony. If a company has been called
into service by a general officer, or an officer of
the Army of the United States, and they serve
with other soldiers of the United States, they are
entitled to prove their service by parol testimony;
whereas, all those who may have served in an
isolated form, or a company, battalion, or regi-
ment, who may have been called out, and served
by themselves, notin company with other soldiers
of the United .States, not called out by an officer
of the Government, but called out by the executive
of a State, are not permitted to prove their service
by parol testimony. Where is the difference ? It
is true, the committee require the affidavit or the
certificate of the person calling them out; but
what is that but parol evidence ? It is not record
evidence. It is parol evidence strictly speaking.
Now, I want to know where is the merit and
where the reason and justice of permitting sol-
diers who fortunately may have served with other
soldiers of the Army of the United States, and
may have been called out by an officer of the
Government, to prove their service by parol
testimony, when you exclude all other soldiers
from the same privilege?
Sir, I am notin favor of this partial legislation,
giving to one set of soldiers a privilege which
you deny to others. Let them all have the priv-
ilege or none. I am in favor of introducing the
genera] system'of parol evidence. It was adopted
prior to the act of 1855. It operated well. We
heard no complaint of it. The Commissioner
of Pensions can adopt such rules and regulations
as he may think proper to,prevent fraud. He
may trench it around by such barriers that no
man can break through them. It is left discre-
i tionary with him. Where is the danger? Sir,
your whole system of pensions stands on parol
evidence. Even the soldiers of the Revolution,
who fought seventy odd years ago, are entitled to
prove their right to a pension by parol testimony;
and when you adopt the principle of parol evi-
dence to establish the claims of our revolutionary
soldiers to pensions, why not adopt it in relation
to other persons who have been engaged in the
military service of the United States? Why not
apply it to bounty lands as well as to pensions to
soldiers of the revolutionary and other wars? _ I
can see no difference in the principle or the justice
of the eases.
The anomaly of this legislation is this: That
when you permit a soldier to obtain a pension
from the Government oil parol proof, and parol
proof alone, if that be satisfactory, according to
the rules and regulations adopted by the Pension
Office, you will not permit those who have served
their country to have bounty land on the same
evidence, both of them being in the same cate-
gory. Tliey are mere gratuitous bounties given
to our soldiers for the services which they have
performed.
I think there is an injustice in the distinction.
It is an invidious distinction which ought not to
be adopted by Congress; I therefore propose to
open the door to parol evidence in all cases, and
to put every one on the same footing. The sol-
dier of the Revolution is certainly entitled as
much to the bounty of the Government, and the
honor and credit of having performed valuable
services as a man who fought at Plattsburg, or at
King's Mountain, orat Lewistown,or anywhere
