222
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 12,
them, it will then be time enough to ask the House
for the extension. So far as I am concerned, I
now repeat what I said yesterday—that lam ready
to reply to the questions which have been pro-
pounded by the gentleman from Tennessee, [Mr.
Zolliooffek.] If the propositions above men-
tioned are withdrawn, I think that I shall be able
to conclude what I wish to say within the time
allotted under the rule.
Mr. BINGHAM obtained the floor.
The CLERK. Debate is out of order; there
is a proposition to lay on the table pending.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio. I have no objec-
tion to the withdrawal of my motion. I made
the motion with a view to accommodate gentle-
men. I have no idea, however, that my friend
can travel overall the ground embraced by those
questions in ten minutes.
Several Members . If not, we can then extend
the time.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I withdraw my motion.
Mr. BINGHAM. Before the gentleman from
Illinois, [Mr. Richardson,] or any other of the
candidates for Speaker, shall proceed to answer
the interrogatories of the gentleman from Ten-
nessee, [Mr. Zoli-ic offer,] I desire to put some
questions to the honorable gentleman from Illi-
nois, [Mr. Richardson,] and to which 1 hope
to receive explicit answers from that gentleman,
as also from the other candidates now before the
House. In presenting these interrogatories, I
desire to raise no captious objections to the sen-
timents of the honorable gentleman from Illinois,
but to ascertain distinctly and clearly what sense
that gentleman attaches to the terms used in his
platform, to wit: "the principles of the Kansas-
Nebraska act?" also, the sense he attaches to
those other words, " squatter sovereignty," upon
which the changes have been rung for the last
two years from one end of the land to the other;
and especially the effect he gives to the term
"nationality," which has been used so often,
and with such emphasis, in this Hail, by that
gentleman and his fiarty? I, too, have some
reverence for nationality, but it is the nationality
which springs from that unity of Government
which constitutes us one people; and that I may
know precisely the honorable gentleman's views
of nationality, I beg leave to present to him the
following interrogatories:
J. Do you hold that the Constitution of the
United States extends to, and is of full force
within, the several Territories thereof?
II. Do you hold that the people of any of said
Territories have the right to make any law withm
said Territories, whereby any person therein shall
be deprived " of life or liberty," except as pun-
ishment for crime on due conviction?
III. Do you hold that the people of the Terri-
tory of Kansas have the right, under the Consti-
tution, to prohibit slavery within said Territory
at all times, both before and after their organiza-
tion into a State ?
- IV. Do you hold that the people of said Ter-
ritory, under the Constitution, have the power
and the right to legalize slavery within s«ud Ter-
ritory by legislative enactment; and the further
power and nirht thereby to protect and maintain
slavery therein, by making it a penal oih'nse for
any person within said Territory to speak or
write against such system, or to aid or assist any
man held as a slave within said Territory to es-
cape therefrom, with the intent to secure the per-
sonal liberty of such slave?
V. Do you hold that, under the Constitution,
a person held to service or labor within said Ter-
ritory, escaping therefrom into any State of this
Union, can be reclaimed under the fugitive slave
law, or is sue J} person within the extradition
clause of the second section of article four of the
Constitution 5
VI. Under the Constitution of the United States,
can the people of any of its Territories rightfully
or legally establish any but a republican form of
government therein? and do you hold that to be
a republican government which converts the
majority of its subjects into chattels, and subjects
them to the absolute despotism of the mmoiity?
These, sir, are the questions which I put to
the honorable gentleman, and to each of which 1
hope to receive from that gentleman direct an-
swers. J wjII not further detain the House.
Mr. BOYCE. I will also read to the House
some interrogatories which I would be glad to
have the gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr.
Banks] answer. They are these: Are you in
favor of restoring the Missouri restriction, or do
you go for the entire prohibition of slavery in all
the Territories of the United States ? Are you
in favor of abolishing slavery in the District of
Columbia of the United States, and the United
States forts, dock-yards, &c. ? Do you believe
in the equality of the white and black races m
the United States; and do you wish to promote
that political equality by legislation? Are you
in favor of the entire exclusion of adopted citizens
and Roman Catholics from office ? Do you favor
the same modification of the tariff now that you
did at the last session of Congress ?
Mr. R1CHA.RDSON obtained the floor.
Mr. HUMPHREY MARSHALL. The gen-
tleman will excuse mc a moment. There must
be several more batches of these interrogatories,
and I think that it would be better for gentlemen
to file them with the Clerk, and to allow the can-
didates to reply to them in a publication at any
time; for instance, at their own convenience.
[Laughter.]
Mr. RICHARDSON. Am 1 entitled to the
floor ?
The CLERK. The gentleman from Illinois
was recognized by the Clerk.
Mr. RICHARDSON. Mr. Clerk, gentlemen
have chosen, by written interrogatories, to inquire
into the political opinions of gentlemen who have
been voted for upon this floor in lelation to ques-
tions past, present, and future. 1 know not, and,
care not, whether the object is discussion here or
discussion somewhere else. I hold them to the
issues presented to me, and I shall endeavor to
answer their questions as fully,freuly,and frankly
as may be possible.
1 now send to the Clerk's desk the questions
which have been propounded to me, and I ask
that the first of them may be read.
The Clerk read the first question, as follows:
Question jrropounded by^lr. Zollicoffer to Mr. Richard-
^ ' son. t
" Am t n<<ht in supposing that The gentleman fiom Illinois
[Mr. JIiciiardsonJ refuels the Kansa^-jVehia^ka bill as
piomotive of the formation of free States 111 the Temtories
ox Kan^is and Nebui^ka ?"
Mr. RICHARDSON. In rcjjly to the first
question of the gentleman fiom Tennessee, [Mr.
Zollicoi keRj] i have to say 1 voted for the bills
organizing the Territories of Nebraska and Kan-
sas because 1 thought them ju&t to all, and I do-
fended that vote before my constituents upon that
ground. I intended then, and 1 intend now, that
the people who go there, or who have gone there,
shall decide the question of slavery for them-
selves, and, so far as I could, admit them as
States, with or without slavery, as the people
should decide. In common with northern and
southern gentlemen, 1 have said that, in nxy opin-
ion, slavery would never go there; but I have
never, here or elsewhere, urged that as a reason
why 1 voted for that bill. I voted for the bill
because it was just, right, and proper, and wanted
nothing more io defend myself. 1 repeat here an
argument I have made over and over again before
my constituents, and it is this: if a majority of
the people of Kansas or Nebraska tire m favor
of slavery, they will have it; if a majority are
opposed to it, then they will not have it. This is
the practical tesult of every theoiy advocated by
the friends of the Nebraska and Kansas bill. I
gave my sanction to tins principle in supporting
the territorial bijls of 1850, and have uniformly
snppoited the same principles since, whenever
presented for my action, and shall continue to do
so m all future cases that may arise. It is a prin-
ciple lying at the foundation of all popular Gov-
ernments, that the people of each separate or dis-
tinct community shall decide for themselves the
nature and character of the institutions under
which they shall live, and by this principle J am
prepared to live and die. I therefore voted for
the Nebraska and Kansas bill neither as a pro-
slavery nor anti-slavery mensnre, hyt as a meas-
ure of equal right and justice to the people of all
sections of our common country.
■ "VViU the Clerk now read the next question?
* The Clerk read the second question, as follows:
" Am I right 111 supposing that he advocates the constitu-
tionality of tfic Wilmot proviso? that in IttoU, he opposed
its application to the Tern tones acqunedfiom Mexico only
upon the ground that it was unnecessary, inasmuch as the
Mexican local laws in those Territories already abolished
slavery, which ought to be sufficient for all Free-Soil men ?
.and that he committed himself to the position, that jf terri-
torial bills (silent upon the subject of slavery, and leaving
the Mexican laws to opciate) were defeated, he would
yote foi bills with the Wilmot proviso in them ?"
\| Mr. RICHARDSON. The next question
requires a more extended reply. In the year 1803
we acquired Louisiana; it was slave territory.
In 1820 we divided, by line of 36° 30', that terri-
tory; north of the line was to be free. In 1845 we
annexed Texas; that was slave territory; wc di-
vided that by extending the line of 36° 30' through
that—north, to be free. In 1848 we acquired ter-
ritory from Mexico. That was free. I voted
repeatedly to extend the same line west to the
Pacific ocean. I voted for that line with a few
Representatives from the North, and the whole
body of southern Representatives. When I gave
those votes, I did not believe then, nor do I
believe now, that I violated the Constitution of
thfcfJnited States. If you have power, under the
Ccmstitution, to exclude slavery from half of a
territory, 1 think you have power to exclude
from all, though such an exercise would be un-
just and wrong. I have never, therefore, voted
to exercise that power, except upon the principle
of compromise. In this connection I desire to read
from a speech of mine, delivered in this Hall
April 3, 1850, and make a word 01* two of com-
ment upon it:
"There is, I regret to say, a willingness upon the part
of the Democrat* of the North to see tins proviso passed,
tiiat General Taylor may be compelled to show to the
woild, and ' the tost of mankind/ wlio was cheated 111
f!ie la<t pi evidential election—whether it was his friends
North or ^outh. Thcv Know that a fraud was piacticed
upon the one oi the other. They know that 111 the South,
Geneial Taylor was represented as all that any one in
favor of >lavery extension coukt desiie—that he was hound
to southern institutions by two handled bonds. At the
Noith, it was said that he was tor conlining •slavery to its
pio>(;ut limits. One or the other was cheated. Rut J sub-
mit to mv northern friends, if the peace and harmony of
twenty millions of people, and the perpetuity of our free
institutions, is not of more importance than the exposure
of tl f bad faith upon the part of au Administration that,
if lor alone, will fall by its own weight? The public voice
everywbeie indicates its certain and inevitable over-
throw.
"In times pa^t our policy «ooner or later ha^ pievailed,
and we f-hould stand fhm, howevei dmk the bom, encour-
aged byfoimer micccss. We should not he driven from
our positions because our opponents have to come to them
101 f-afetv. 1 might, ask them it they aie to be driven fiom
then linn and stern opposition to a United States bank,
because those who once thought that certain 111111 would
lav wa^tc tin' land unless such an institution was ineor-
pojated, have changed theii opinions, and stand with us in
opposition? Aie thev willing to be dnven m opposition
to the independent tiea^ury, because those who once op-
posed no^fuppoit it? Are you to he driven fiom all the
past, now^immphantly vindicated, because opposition has
ceased? We should stand firm in the support of right,
truth, the Con.-titutjon of our count) v, no matter who shall
come to their support, or docit ; stand by them to the last,
and if they fall let u« perish with them "We should never
survive the existence of this Government.
" Tnere is one thing that I wish, in this connection, Mr.
Chairman, to *ay to the gentlemen fiom the South, and
the northern Whms: if the bill lor terntoual governments,
silent upon the subject of slavery, shall be defeated, then
I am for bills with tl'ie Wilmot pmv^o, in oidei to give
governments to the people 111 the Terntories; ami I<peak
for lour of my collea<rue>, as<uied that they will feel con-
stiamed to pur-ue alike com.se. And it General Taylor
-hall appiovc the proviso, then it will have parsed; and it
is for them to deteimine what shall or shall not be done,
and let the responsibility ie t with them."
I take this occasion to say, that the sentiment
last quoted, uttered in a moment of excitement,
I, upon reflection, repudiate as unjust and im~
pioper. I thank the gentleman that lie has
alfoided me the oppoitunity to give this public
expression of my disapproval of that statement.
1 uniformly voted against placing the Wilmot
proviso in any territorial bill. T voted against it,
uceausc 1 believed it to be unjust to the people of
a portion of this Union.
The Clerk then read the third interrogatory,
as follows:
"Am T light m supposing that* his theory is, that the
Constitution ot the United States does not carry slavery
lo. and [inject it 111, the Territories of the United States?
That in the teinroiy acquired from Mexico and France,
(including Kansas and Nebraska,.) the Mi&soun restuction
was neeessui v to make the temtoiy free, because slavery
exited these under Fiance at the tune of the acquisition;
hut th.it the Kansas and Nelnatka bill, which iepeal< that
le^tuction, but ncithci legislates slavery into those Tern-
tones nor excludes it therefrom, in his opinion, leaves
those Territories without either local or constitutional law
piotectmg slavery; and that there.foie the Kansas and Ne-
braska hill piomotes the formation of «lave States m Kan-
sas and Nebraska ?"
4 Mr. RICHARDSON. The Constitution does
not, in my opinion, carry the institutions of any
of the States into the Territories; but it affords
