1856.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1828
matter. The proposition of the bill is to expend
" $10,000 for the construction of a harbor at the
mouth of Clinton river, in the State of Michigan,
to be expended under the direction of the Secre-
tary of War;" and " the Secretary ijhall let the
contract for the construction of said harbor to
such person or such persons as he shall think
proper, who will agree to complete the same for
the amount hereby appropriated, with such sure-
ties, and according to such plan, as shall be ap-
proved by him."
This is the stereotyped form copied into the
bills one after another. Certainly it is the form
of the three predecessors of this bill, for I have
examined them closely, requiring the Secretary
of War to have a harbor constructed there for
the sum proposed. We have no information in
the world that this work can be done for this
sum, except the information furnished m the pre-
ceding cases. In one case, where $160,000 was
estimated in 1850, they say the#whole work shall
be done for $50,000. In another case, where
$105,000 was estimated, they say the whole work
shall be done for $50,000. Here they say ihe
whole work is to be clone for $10,000; but we are
utterly uninformed, up to the present moment,
what amount the responsible officers of the Gov-
ernment have said will be required to do such a
work.
The honorable gentleman from Michigan has
remarked that Senators here say they have no
confidence in the estimates, no confidence in those
who make them, and no confidence in the com-
mittee. 1 have not said so. I have said, in
reference to the person making the estimates, this
Mr. Bowes, that he dyes not appear to be one of
the topographical corps, that he does not sign
himself an officer of the Government at all, but he
signs himself" United States agent." Whether
he is an Indian agent, or what sort of agent,
does not appear. The honorable Senator from
Michigan [Mr. Cass] tells us that lie knows the
man; he will not undertake to say that he ever
was in the topographical corps, but he knows
that he has had experience as a topographical
engineer, and that lus estimates are to be lulled
upon.
Now, what I want, as one of the Senators of
the Republic, is responsibility in the expenditure
of the public money. I want the organization
of the Government regarded, so that 1 and my
people may at least know when the money of
the Treasury is expended for works alleged to be
useful; that it is expended with intelligence and
knowledge, and upon the responsibilities that are,
or ought to be, involved in the organization of
every Government. I know nothing of this agent,
but I am not left to discredit his estimates. 1
might very well unite with the honorable Sen-
ator, [Mr. Cass,] who says he has skill and expe-
rience, and that his estimates are worthy of con-
fidence—I might well unite with the Senator m
saying, be that so; and then I want to know your
reasons for repudiating these estimates as you
have done. I want to know the reasons of the
committee for repudiating these estimates as they
have done. When he tells us that to do a work
will cost—I speak now of one of the former bills
which have been passed—#160,000, I want to
know for what reason the committee repudiate
his estimate, and say it shall be done for 5>o0,000.
1 have not bad a reason.
Mr. STUART. I gave the reason yesterday.
Mr. MASON. The only reason 1 heard as-
signed was this: that if it could not be done for
§50,000 it was not to be done at all. There was
none other. That did not satisfy me. The rea-
son certainly was assigned, that if the work
could not be done for §50,000 the money was
not to be expended. I deny that that is the con-
struction of the bill. I say it is a mandate to
the executive officer. The work is to be done;
the money is appropriated ; and we rely on the
Executive, whose constitutional duty it is to
see that the laws are executed—to see that that
work is done, and done for §50,000. That is the
construction of the bill; and the executive officer
in the discharge of his duty cannot come to the
Senate and say, "The Executive stultifies the
Legislature; you ordered me to do a work for
$.50,000, which the money is not adequate to
perform." He must do that unless ho will take
up some contractor and say, " Here is $50,000,
and here is the place where the work is to be
done; now tell me what sort of a harbor you can
make for $50,000; I will revise it, and if it be a
harbor to cost that amount of money, I shall
consider it my duty to contract with you for it."
There is another consideration which has often
impressed itself on my mind in relation to these
expenditures. A suggestion was made just now
by the honorable Senator from Illinois, [Mr.
Douoi.as,] who comes from that quarter of the
country on which I suppose a death blow was
given to one of this very batch of bills reported
by this committee. It was rejected upon the
suggestion of that Senator. We know the spirit
of speculation, and we are aware of the colossal
fortunes that are built up in the northwestern
country, by means of these local expenditures of
the public money. They are brought to our no-
tice every day. Vigilant, industrious, acute men
find out particular spots, the mouth of a river
upon a lake, or somewhere else. They find that
a railroad may come ill that direction, or may be
invited to come in that direction, and they set
themselves to work looking upon this Govern-
ment as aGovernmentpurely of jobs. Theysay,
" First let us get a grant of land to construct a
railroad that shall lead to that point, and then get
an appropriation to make a harbor there; we
shall thus have an expenditure of the public
money to a very large extent, and we will get up
a local excitement, and get a transient value, if
not an actual value to ourlands, and we will reap
the profit." Mr. President, the public fisc of
this country is used to build up fortunes in that
quarter of the country where the lands are new,
to which the emigration goes, and where we
have public lands open almost to those who first
come to take them.
Upon the Atlantic States to which I belong, we
have no public lands; we have hardly any ex-
penditure of the public money of any kind. In
the State which I represent, large, and populous,
and wealthy as it is, we should hardly know of
the existence of the Federal Government but for
the post offices in the villages and at the cross-
roads. How is it elsewhere? I will cite to you
the instance—arid 1 believe it was the pioneer,
according to my recollection—of the grant of land
that was made to build up the Illinois Central
railroad. Under the delusive pionnse—not delu-
sive so far as it may not have raised the value of
the adjacent land, but under the promise that the
public would be benefited by having an increased
value given to the adjacent lands—we entered into
a system of granting alternate sections of public
lands. The consequence has been, in regard to
that work, as I happened to see by an exhibit of
the affairs of the company, a few years ago, that
on a capital of $800,000 paid m, they had raised
a credit of five or six millions, made a road then
two or three hundred miles long, which was
yielding returns far more than adequate to the
whole expenditure. What fortunes are built up
there? And done how? By taking the common
property of the Union, and devoting it to local
purposes, to build up colossal fortunes for people
there.
What is the case here ? I know nothing of this
paiticular improvement; but I suspect that, ex-
cept the honorable gentlemen who come from the
State of Michigan and the adjacent States, no
Senators here know where this place is. A har-
bor at the mouth of Clinton river, in the State of
Michigan ! I know nothing about that, and can-
not know anything about it. The honorable gen-
tleman who has charge of these bills before the
Senate [Mr. Stuart] has not told us—1 do not
know whether he is prepared to tell us—where
Clinton river is. The honorable Senator from
Michigan [Mr. Cass] says it opens into the Lake
St. Clair. But what sort of a river is it ? Who
lives there ? He tells us that there is a village
or a little town there.
Mr. BUTLER. What is the name of that
town ?
Mr. STUART. Mount Clement.
Mr. MASON. What the place is, or what
advantages are to result from this improvement,
we are left in total ignorance of, except we are
told that it is the only harbor on that lake. The
appropriation contained in the bill is $10,000.
It is proposed to appropriate the small sum of
il0,000 for the rich State of Michigan, to con-
struct a harbor on this lake, when that furnishes
the only place at which a harbor can be con-
structed. Why, sir, Michigan is not jx mendi-
cant, I trust. A wealthy,.prosperous,. able, en-
lightened community, like the people of Mich-
igan, to come here for the little sum ;of $10,000
to construct a harbor, and the only harbor on
this lake! What a spectacle ! Bat this is not
the only one. I do not remember the number of
bills; but for three days we have been engaged
here in appropriating money to make harbors for
the State of Michigan.
Mr. CASS. Three bills in three days.
Mr. MASON. It is a pretty good work,for
the State of Michigan, if you pass a bill appro-
priating #50,000 a day. I dare say, in the esti-
mation of those who relish this sort of improve-
ment, the time of the Senate of the United States
could not be more advantageously spent for the
whole country than in appropriating the common
treasure to build up these local works in the terri-
tory of the State of Michigan.
Now, Mr. President, I want to know if the
honorable Senator can inform us what was the
original estimate to do this work at the mouth
of Clinton river, by whom it was made, and
when it was made? And then I want to see
whctherjtlnssum of $10,000, which is to complete
the work, is based on the estimate; orwhether,
following the example of its predecessors, the
estimates are abandoned, utterly repudiated, and
this comparatively small sum of $10,000 put in
to get the bill through. I have thrown no reflec-
tion on the gentlemen of the committee, and do
not mean to do so; I do not feel any disposition
of any kind to do it; but I do say that, according
to the usages of the Senate, when a committee
brings in a bill, especially one to appropriate
money, we ought to have all the facts to enable
the Senate to act intelligently on it, and know
whether it is a provident and useful expenditure.
Wo have had none so far, in relation to this bill.
Mr. STUART. Mr. President, a very diffi-
cult problem is presented to the members of the
Committee on Commerce. If we discuss our
bills, and answer these arguments, which, with all
respect to those who make them, we think are not
only without foundation, but without any appli-
cation to the question under consideration, we
consume time, and lose our bills. If we do not
discuss them, we subject ourselves to any amount
of animadversion that it pleases Senators, in va-
rious parts of the Senate, to cast on us. I have
no hesitation in making my choice. I believe
that one or two committees to which I belong, are
the only committees that I have ever known to
be thus treated in the Senate of the United States.
Still I prefer to rest under this obloquy, rather
than be drawn into a discussion which extends
to grants of public lands for making railroads
in the United States, and to everything else con-
nected with the government of the country, and
delays a vote on the bills. I shall only say a very
few words.
The Senator from Virginia remarks, (and in
somewhat, I must say, of the style of a lecturer,
though he says he does not mean it,) that the
time was when a committee, who introduced a
bill to the Senate, explained it, and were armed
with the statistics to show to the Senate its neces-
sity and propriety. This is equivalent to saying
that that time has gone by. Now, sir, this Com-
mittee on Commerce are armed with the statis-
tics, with the estimates, in every single instanco.
I have stated the estimates myself. The Senator
says he does not repudiate them, and yet he ar-
gues the question for an hour to show that they
are not to be relied upon.
The gentleman from Georgia [Mr. Toombs]
did say, in so many words, that he had no con-
fidence" in the committee, and none in these irre-
■ sponsible representatives of the States here. That
was his language. The Senator from Alabama
[Mr. Clay] makes a charge against the officer
who makes the estimate. And yet, one Senator
gets up and remarks: " I did not say this; but
some of the individuals who are arguing with me
did." When another question comes up, the
other Senator says, " I did not say that; but the
gentleman who first, made the declaration did."
So that altogether the committee is placed in a
strange position.
Now, let me say to the Senator from Virginia,
that the time was, when every committee of the
' Senate, in making a report, was treated with
respect, when its roport was sought to be answered
