- t'-r
1850.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
the same protection there to the institutions of
one State as of another. The citizen of Vir-
ginia is as much entitled, in the common terri-
tory, to the protection of his property, under the
Constitution, as the citizen of Illinois; but both
are dependent upon the legislation of the terri-
torial government for laws to protect their prop-
erty, of whatever kind it may be. Thus, it will
be seen, that though there may be upon this
point a difference theoretically—involving ques-
tions for judicial decision—yet there is none,
practically, among the friends of non-interven-
tion by Congress, as the practical result is to
place the decision of the questions in the hands
of those who are most deeply interested in its
solution, namely, the people of the Territory,
who have made it their home, and whose inter-
ests are the most deeply involved in the charac-
ter of the institutions under which they are to
live. If this great principle of non-intervention
and self-government is wrong, then, indeed, the
American Revolution was fought in vain, and it
is time we cease to venerate the memory of the
patriotic dead, who purchased With their for-
tunes and blood the free institutions of the sev-
eral separate, independent, and coequal States,
forming the Union under which we have so
prosperously and happily grown to be so great.
Mr. ZOLLICOFFER. I ask the indulgence
of the House to state the reasons why I pro-
pounded those questions to the gentleman from
Illinois.
Mr. CLINGMAN. I submit this point of
order to the gentleman: I would like to have
those questions propounded to the different can-
didates in order—one at a time—before we are
troubled or embarrassed with any other ques-
tions. I hope all the candidates will answer this
series first, and before going to now matter.
Mr. ZOLLICOFFER. Inasmuch as it seems
to give satisfaction to the gentlemen of the House
that these questions should be put to each of the
fentlemen who have been voted for for Speaker,
certainly have no objection to that course, inas-
much as the gentleman from Illinois, [Mr. Rich-
ardson,] to whom I propounded the questions,
has already answered.
Mr. RUST. I want to appeal to the gentle-
man's sense of fairness, to know whether he
wants to consume the time of the House in rais'ng
new questions, and thereby prevent the other can-
didates from answering?
Mr. ZOLLICOFFER. I had wished to puttliese
interrogatories to the gentleman from Illinois,
[Mr. Richardson,] and then, if gentlemen desire
it, they may put the same questions to other
members who have been voted for as Speaker. 1
sec no impropriety in that. It seems to be right
and just that I should be permitted now to state
the reason why I put these interrogatories.
Mr. CLTNGMAN, (interrupting.) 1 make
this-point of order, and the Clerk must decide it,
that the gentleman from Tennessee [Mr. Zoi.li-
coffer] is not entitled to occupy the floor at this
time. We are now acting under a resolution j
of the House requiring candidates for office—
meaning, of course, as we all understand, for
the speakership—to answer interrogatories pro-
pounded by the gentleman from Tennessee, and
now answered by the gentleman from Illinois,
[Mr. Richardsok.] I make the point, that it is
not in order for the gentleman to go intodebate
here until we shall have got through with this
proceeding in which we are engaged; which is,
that all the candidates for speakership shall an-
swer these interrogatories. I wish to have this
point decided.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. I suggest that
every candidate should answer all the questions
propounded before they are submitted to another
candidate. The gentleman from Illinois [Mr.
Richardson] has answered only a portion of the.
interrogatories put to him; and I therefore suggest
that each candidate shall answer all the interrog-
atories.
Mr. ZOLLICOFFER. Am I entitled, Mr.
Clerk, to make this single remark?
Mr. CLINGMAN. I object, sir, to all debate
until the Clerk shall have decided the point of
order raised.
Mr. RICHARDSON, [to Mr. Washburn, of
Maine.] I would state to the gentleman from
Maine that I have answered all the questions
submitted to me.
Mr., WASHBURN. I understand that the
gentleman from Tennessee [Mr. Zolmcoffer]
directly submitted this question to the gentleman
from Illinois [Loud cries of '' Order! order!'']
Mr. McMULLIN. I submit that the gentle-
man from Maine [Mr. Washburn] is not in
order.
The CLERK. The Clerk must state that the
gentleman from Maine is not in order.
Mr. GREENWOOD. I suggest that the in-
terrogatories which have just been answered by
the gentleman from Illinois [Mr. Richardson]
be read to the gentleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr.
Fuller,] and answered by him before we proceed
to any other business.
A Member suggested the name of Mr. Banks.
Mr. GREENWOOD. Yes; let them first be
read, and submitted to the gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts, [Mr. Banks.]
Mr. ZOLLICOFFER. I ask, Mr. Clerk,
whether or not I am entitled to the floor ?
The CLERK. The Clerk would state to the
gentleman from Tennessee [Mr. Zollicoffer]
and to the House, that he conceives the gentle-
man from Tennessee to be in order, as he is pro-
posing to speak to what is substantially a new
proposition; and therefore, in the opinion of the
Clerk, he has a right to the floor. But the Clerk
would remind the gentleman that his time lias
very nearly expired.
Mr. ZOLLICOFFER. Then I trust that gen-
tlemen will not interrupt me. I am willing to
contentmyself with merely sendingto the Clerk's
desk, and having read, tile record of the gentle-
man from Illinois [Mr. Richardson] on which
the questions I propounded to him were predi-
cated.
A Member. Have it printed in your speech.
Mr. CRAIGE. I object to any printed speech.
Mr. CLINGMAN. I renew my objection. I
am perfectly willing that the gentleman from Ten-
nessee may make his commentaries on the speech
of the gentleman from Illinois, after all the other
candidates have answered the interrogatories, but
not till then.
The CLERK. The Clerk will submit the
question to the House.
Mr. ORR. I submit to the gentleman from
Tennessee to decline for the present making any
commentary on the answers of the gentleman
from Illinois, until the other candidates for the
speakership have answered them also.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. I wish to say
this  [Loud cries of "Order!"]
Mr. ZOLLICOFFER. 1 am a very deferen-
tial mail, Mr. Clerk; 1 am disposed to lie courte-
ous, fair, and entirely satisfactory to the House.
I am, therefore, willing to defer for the present j
what I wished to say, if gentlemen so wish.
[Cries of " That is right!"] I would state, for j
the further satisfaction of the House, that 1 was !
merely desirous of showing that I had put no idle j
interrogatory  j
Mr. CLINGMAN, (interrupting.) I desire j
the Clerk to decide the point of order submitted ,
by me. i
The CLERK. The Clerk will submit the j
question to the House. j
Mr. CLING-MAN. Then I objeet to the gen- I
tleman from Tennessee proceeding until the point ;
of order shall have been decided.
Mr. ZOLLICOFFER, [to Mr. Clingman.] !
The Clerk has decided the ooint of order, sir. j
Mr. CLINGMAN. No| sir, he has not.
The CLE11K. The gentleman from Nprth '
Caiolina [Mr. (!lisc,man] raises a new point of i
order, which the Clerk submits to the House. I
The question is, whether lie gentleman from
Tennessee is in order m addressing the House'1 ;
Mr. ZOLLICOFFER, (interrupting) 1 shall i
content myself by merely stating the chapter and
pe^e of the Appendix to tile Congressional Globe i
from which  :
Mr. CLIKGMAN. I object, Mr. Clerk, to the !
gentleman from Tennessee proceeding in this way
until the nomt of order shall have been decided.
Mr. ZOLLICOFFER. I repeat that 1 
The CLERK. The gentleman from Tennes-
see will ciime to Older. [Loud cries of " Order!"
"Order!" and much confusion throughout the
Hall.]
Mr. CLINGMAN. I wish to have this ques-
tion decided.
The CLERK. The Clerk submits the question
to the House whether the gentleman from Ten-
nessee is in order?
The question was taken.
The CLERK. The Clerk thinks that the ayes
have it.
Several Members. Tellers on that question.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Will the
Clerk please state the question that the House is
to decide? There is so much confusion in the
Hall that we over here cannot understand the
question.
The CLERK. The question is, whether the
gentleman from Tennessee [Mr. Zollicoffer] is
ill order.
Mr. STEPHENS. I desire,t before I vote, to
know what the question is before the House, on
which the gentleman from Tennessee claims the
floor?
The CLERK. The propositions put by the
gentleman from Tennessee to the gentleman from
Illinois are now before the House.
Mr. STEPHENS. I do not understand that
there is any question pending before the House.
Mr. CLINGMAN. Certainly not.
Mr. STEPHENS. As I understand the ques-
tion, the gentleman from Tennessee, availing
himself yesterday of the courtesy of the House,
made a ten-minute speech, and propounded cer-
tain questions to the gentleman from Illinois. The
gentleman from Illinois, this morning, by unani-
mous courtesy of the House, made responses to
those questions. I do not understand that there
is now any pending question before the House,
on which any gentleman can have the floor.
A Member. There is a question of order.
Mr. HUMPHREY MARSHALL. I under-
stood that in the answers to the interrogatories
made by the gentleman from Illinois, he had
made some remarks which called out the gentle-
man from Tennessee in a personal explanation of
his course 
Mr. McMULLIN, (interrupting.) The gen-
tleman from Tennessee did not put it on that
ground.
Several Members. Yes, he did.
Mr. MARSHALL. I think he did put it on
that ground.
Mr. CLINGMAN, (interrupting.) As I un-
derstand that the gentleman from Tennessee is
willing to postpone his question until all the can-
didates have answered the interrogatories, as
answered by the gentleman from Illinois, 1 with-
draw my point of order. That is all that I want.
The CLERK. The gentleman from North
Carolina [Mr. Climsman] withdraws his point
of order; but the Clerk would remind the gentle-
man from Tennessee, and the House, that an-
other point of order has been raised 
Mr. ZOLLICOFFER, (interrupting.) Well,
sir, when interrupted by the gentleman from
North Carolina, [Mr. Clingman,] I had proposed
to make no running commentary on the answers
of the gentleman from 1 llinois. I ask no advant-
age. I am willing to postpone my commentaries
till another time. But I desire merely to show
that the mtetj ogatones which I propounded to
the gentleman from Illinois were not idle or im-
pertinent, but were based upon the record. I now
merely want to cite that record, and I was in the
act of doing so when the gentleman from North
Carolina interrupted me. It is to be found in the
Appendix to the Congressional Globe for 1854.
[Loud cries of11 Read it!"]
Mr. CLINGMAN. 1 object to the gentleman
making any citation.
Mr. C013B, of Alabama. Oh, let it go out.
Who's afraid of it; [Laughter.]
Mr. RICHARDSON, [to Mr. Zoi.licoffer.]
That is the same speech that 1 read from.
Mr. ZOLLICOFFER. Now I am willing that
the smile questions as answered by the gentleman
from Illinois, shall be propounded to the other
gentlemen who are candidates for the speakership.
The CLERK, [to Mr. Stephens.] Does the
i gentleman from Georgia insist on his point of
order ?
Mr. STEPHENS. I do.
The CLERK. The gentleman from Georgia
[Mr. Stephens] raises the question that there is
no question before the House. It would lie well,
therefore, before the proceedings go any iurther,
that the series of questions should be formally
ordered to be put to the other gentlemen.
Mr. STEPHENS. I insist upon my point of
