214
%> 
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[March 18,
34th Cong....1st Sess.
Kansas Contested Election—Mr. Lake.
Ho. of Reps.
of Kansas—for that is not the subject upon which
information is sought or investigation desired—
but to the sending for persona and papers to in-
vestigate an entirely different and distinct matter,
and not within the scope of legitimate inquiry.
It is a mistake to suppose that we who are op-
posed to this resolution are shrinking from the
investigation of the charge, that the sitting Dele- !
gate does not hold his seat on this floor by a 1
proper and legal tenure. We are not unwilling
to examine into his " election, returns, and quali-
fications, "the investigation of these subjects being
the constitutional mode of ascertaining his right
to a seat here. But whilst we declare our entire
Kansas rendering them "locally inapplicable,"
we must conclude that it was the intention of
•Congress to put them in force in that Territory.
Through these clauses of the Constitution we
easilyarrive at the law which is to govern our
investigations. The facts of the case we are to
obtain in the ordinary modes by which we pro-
cure them in courts or justice. These modes are
by depositions, or the sending for persons and
papers. I do not doubt the power of this House
to adopt the recommendation of the majority of
the committee, and to send for persons and papers;
but not being convinced by their reasons in favor
of this plan, and knowing that the same purpose
willingness to enter upon any and all fields of,, can be accomplished by the cheaper, and easier,
legitimate inquiry, we uo pause, and hesitate, and J and more usual mode of depositions, I am op-
refuse to enter upon those which, we say, the j posed to sending for persons. But, as the con-
Constitution forbids; which, we believe, would
make us trespassers, and this House guilty of a
usurpation of power. Not only do I differ from
the majority of the committee as to the extent of
this investigation, but I also dissent from them in
reference to the mode in which they propose to
conduct it.
This is a judicial, and not a legislative question.
We are to hear and determine—to examine the
law and the facts, and to decide accordingly. If
it were a legislative question merely, we might
determine it upon considerations of expediency.
We might weigh the individual merits of the
contestants, inquire into their comparative fit-
ness for the business of legislation, and admit
the one that in our legislative wisdom would
contribute most to the advancement of the great
interests of the country. But in acting thus we
should not be performing the duty assigned us;
we would be acting the part of electors—usurping
the place and rule of the people instead of ascer-
testant has failed to avail himself of the provi-
sions of the act of 1851, providing for the taking
of depositions in cases of contested elections, I
am entirely willing to send out commissioners to
obtain all the facts within the range of legitimate
investigation.
It wfll be seen,.Mr. Speaker, by reference to
I the clauses of the Constitution already referred
to, that our jurisdiction is limited. How far does
it extend? It extends, first, to the election. What
election ? The election under which the Delegate
claims his seat. We then turn to the clause of
the Constitution touching the election of Repre-
sentatives, and we find that section fourth of article
first declares, that" the times, places, and manner
Oh, no! by no means. They are not content to
go into the subjects of investigation to which our
steps are directed by the plain letter of the Con-
! stitution; but they invite us to inquire into other
j matters, jurisdiction of which has been rightly
taken, as I think, by another tribunal, to whicli
they of right belonged. They allege that the Legis-
lature which enacted the law under which the
sitting Delegate claims his seat was an illegal as-
sembly of persons; that it was conceived in cor-
ruption and brought forth by violence; that it
assumed the guise of a legal and authoritative
Legislature for the purpose of imposition and
fraud. They insist that we shall examine into
the " election, returns, and qualifications" of the
members composing this body, who assumed the
duties of legislation for that infant Territory.
Now, Mr. Speaker, where are we to get the au-
thority to examine into the " election, returns, and
qualifications" of the members composing either
the State or Territorial Legislature? I have at-
tempted to show, and hope I have succeeded, that
the Constitution, that chart of our powers, does
not authorize the investigation proposed.
The Legislature of Kansas has examined and
decided upon the elections, returns, and qualifi-
cations of its own members, and we can neither
take appellate nor original jurisdiction of the same
question; nor have those who have insisted upon
the exercise of this power by the House furnished
1 either argument or precedent to justify us. Early
in this debate I remember to have heard the elo-
.4 " i i    —— — — - —*   vmv abwuuuw iu u buiis lfcu i
taming who has been elected by the people, and of the Constitution has been complied with, and
the law and the a law passed on the subject. We know that such
j a law was passed, and that it does prescribe the
time, places, and manner of holding the election
for a Delegate to the Congress of the United
States. It is in full compliance, both in form and
substance, with the Constitution. This branch
of our jurisdiction is, then, limited by this law,
and the ascertainment of the fact as to whether
the Delegate applying for a seat here was elected
under it and pursuant to it. If we extend our
inquiries beyond the subjects pointed out by the
Constitution, we are transgressing our powers,
and to that extent usurping authority.
When we examine as to the qualifications of the
Delegate, we again find ourselves limited and our
inquiries directed by the Constitution to his age,
citizenship, and inhabitancy of the Territory.
These are the qualifications laid down in the sec-
| ond section of the first article of the Constitution,
j, and no State law can either add to them or dimin-
i ish them. If a State or Territorial Legislature
were to attempt it, as has been done, it is the
duty of this House, as it has done on similar
occasions, to disregard them, and consider them
null and of no effect. In the word " returns," we
perhaps find our jurisdiction the largest, because
that is nowhere defined or limited by the Consti-
tution. What are the returns of an election? It
is not only the form in which the result of an
of holding elections for Senators and Represent- ; j quent gentleman from Georgia, [Mr. Stephens,]
atives shall be prescribed in each State by the - " ' 1 ' ' ' ' " "
Legislature thereof." As this clause, by the
Kansas bill, embraces Delegates as well as Rep-
resentatives, we have only to look to the enact-
ments of the Kansas Legislature to see if this part
entitled to the seat according to
facts of the case. That this is ajudicial question
which we are to try as a court, is not only appa-
rent from the subject to be decided, and the mode
of its trial, but the fifth section of the first article
of the Constitution declares that " Each House
Bhall be the judge of the elections, returns, and
qualifications of its own members." This clause
determines the character of the question to be
judicial, and this House the court to hear and
decide it.
It is important to determine the character of
this question, and the office of this House in
regard to it, because as judges we do judiciously
know many things which as legislators we may
be ignorant of. As a high court—of Parliament,
if you please—we know judicially not only the
acts of Congress, but all the acts of the State
and Territorial Legislatures, and all the officers of
their various governmental departments. Hence,
public records need not the same authentication,
when introduced before us in testimony, as would
be required to secure their introduction into a
State court, or a tribunal which is not invested
with this judicial omniscience. The question is
judicial, and the trial of it must be judicial.
The next question that presents itself is, if it
is a judicial question, how is it to be decided?
What is the law, and where is the law that is to
govern and control our decision ? If we look into
the Constitution, we find the rules that regulate
and direct our inquiry. We there find a clause
which prescribes the qualifications of members of
this House. They must be twenty-five years of
up
election is made, but it embraces the casting
of the votes, and all means by which this result
is to be arrived at. It authorizes an inquiry into
the rir1-*    • ' - J- -
votes 1
in gallant and knightly style, challenge the advo-
cates of this power to produce a single case, in
either England or America, in which all the legis-
lative assemblies had not claimed and exercised
the right to decide upon the elections, returns,
and qualifications of their own members. Now,
sir, we all acknowledge the ability of gentlemen
who advocate the adoption of this resolution; we
have all been made sensible of their industrious
habits, and have witnessed in them a zeal that
would more become a better cause—with books
at their command without stint; and not a single
case have they adduced that, in the slightest
degree, would justify the step whicli they pro-
pose.
Mr. ALLISON'. 1 think the gentleman from
Mississippi does not make anything by that; for
it is impossible in the history of either of the
Governments to get a parallel case to the one
which is now before the House. Shall it make
anything for his side of the question, because in
the history of neither Government can there be a
case found at all similar to the one under discus-
sion. I therefore object to thegentleman'staking
anything by such a demand. The case is an un-
paralleled one in the history of our Government,
and ho w could there be one like it in Great Britain—
a Government entirely dissimilar to ours, and
presenting no such case, having at no time a Del-
egate on Jhe floor of the House of Commons to
represent the people of a Territory ? It therefore
comes far short of the case now before the House,
and nothing should be made by any such demand.
Mr. LAKE. I will leave for the present the
course of my remarks, and reply to the gentle-
man from Pennsylvania. He says there is noth-
ing in Great Britain like it—no territorial repre-
sentative, and therefore no precedent ought to be
1 j  i ,   7 .uvivjuii, hu ulc^cuciil iii, lu ue
right of the voters to vote, and whether legal j expected from that quarter. Well, suppose they
age, citizens of the United States for seven"vears" ! T^Jf ' a"i'lndeed,' in}° a11 ?nd iJ hsve n0 territorial representatives? Have they
and an inhabitant of the State from whence thev I - tinn makes up the result of an elec- j j not got popular representatives, and cannot the
in .u- ^ , * 'i rpv ,, , . , . . i same question arise in all countries where thev
! „se are fl!1 s«bJects of legitimate inquiry by j; have a legislative assembly composed of popu-
■ ,, Hou?e'> a«d 1 repeat that we on this side of lar representatives? The question,Mr. Speaker,
I the question do not decline this investigation to it seems to me, might arise in Great Britain as
the fxtent and in the mode which I have indi- well as here, though perhaps not as likely to do
We have been always ready to inquire ; so. I do not limit those who differ with me
In regard to the election,-we find another
clause declaring that it shall be according to the
acts of State Legislatures, which shall provide
for the time, place, and manner of holding the
election. These provisions of the. Constitution
although relating to the Representatives of States,
and not to Delegates of Territories, are neverthe-
less applicable to the case of the Delegate from
Kansas, because the act of Congress organizing
that Territory declares "that the Constitution
and all laws of the United States which are not
locally applicable shall have the same force and
effect within the said Territory of Kansas as
elsewhere within the United States."
The clauses of the Constitution already referred
to being general and applicable to all the States,
ana there being nothing in the condition of
on
cated.
into and ascertain whether the election of "KTe- this subject to the finding of examples "amongst
^fns1s conducted according to law— territorial representatives. Let them show any
whether illegal votes were received by the judges, ; j case, arising out of State r
and whether legal votes were rejected by them —
whether the returns exhibit the true result, and
u cl*imant has the qualifications required by
the Constitution. This embraces all our jurisdic-
tion oyer the subject and of course concludes our
; investigation.
j But 10 this all we are required to do by the ma-
jority of the committee, and those who advocate
the resolution and the reasons they have reported ?
„ "Staterepresentation,in which
this House or State Legislatures have, either,
exercised the power now claimed by gentlemen
to belong to this House. I say they have not
done it, and cannot do it.
But the gentleman says, that the case is with-
out a parallel, and that neither side can find cases
or precedents to sustain them. I differ with the
gentleman; and say, that to the extent that we
propose to go in this investigation, the book
