THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN C. RIVES, WASHINGTON, D. C.
Thirty-Fourth Congress, 1st Session.
THURSDAY, JULY 31, 1856.
New Series....No. 115.
Mr. TOOMBS. I told the Senator that I would
no£ go into these things; but I say it is no elec-
tion at all; it is a sham. You get together in
party caucuses and ask men where they want
to go? I have been asked whether it was agree-
able to me to go on a certain committee, and I
presume the same question has been asked of
others. My answer has always been, " service
on any committees is a burden to me; I want
none of them; but when it suits the convenience
of the Senate I am willing to do my share of
labor on any committee." I know how these
things are done.
Air. STUART. I ask the gentleman if he
holds the members of the Committee on Com-
merce on this case responsible for the organiza-
tion of that committee?
Mr. TOOMBS. I told the Senator that I did
not wish to go into that matter. 1 am legiti-
mately discussing the question before the Sen-
ate  
Mr. STUART. Mr. President 
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Senator
from Georgia has the lloor.
Mr. STUART. I am aware of that; but I
ask 
Air. TOOMBS. I am willing to answer every-
thing the Senator wants; but I give notice that, if
I answer his questions, 1 shall be very apt to do
so according to my best information and belief.
Mr. STUART. That is precisely what I want.
I stated, oil my responsibility yesterday, that I
had never indicated a place which 1 desired on
any committee of the Senate. Now, I do not
fear any exposition which the Senator from
Geoigut may fc.ee lit to make. I state the fact—
that is all I know about it—that the committees
of the Senate are elected by the Senate. No such
question was ever asked me as the Senator says
was asked him. Feeling myself secure under
any expose the Senator may make, 1 shall be glad
to hear it. If the Senate of the United States is
obnoxious to the charge which the Senator from
Georgia makes, let him show it now, and let the
Senate be held lesponsible.
Mr. TOOA1 fN. I am ready to make it at any
time. The Senator yesterday made the statement
which he lias pist now repeated, and I was satis-
fied with it jf lie was—perfectly so. T made no
issue wall bun in I'^aid to it. He then added a
lvmaik, tantamount to what I said just now, that
the kind nes.s of his friends asked luni whether he
would go (J)i tins committee or that.
All. S LTJART. No, sir.
Air. TOOM US. That was my understanding
of the Senator's remaik yesterday.
Mr. STUART. Then I was unfortunate.
That is not what 1 meant to say.
Air. TOOAJliS. I presume that if the Senator
will look at the report of what he said, he will ]
find it very nearly as I stated it. I say the wishes ■
of Senators are consulted in party caucuses. As :
far as I know anything of the action of party
caucuses hen: tor ten years, that is the truth, i
believe it is rhe universal rule. :
Air. BUTLER. 1 was consulted as to whom I
should have <m my committee. ;
Ali. TOOMBS. I have no doubt everybody
else has been, or most of those who pay ntu n- .
turn to such matters. "When the party caucus
meets, of coiuse the wishes of geniiunen cue j
consulted. This may not be true of everybody, i
for &ume are entirely indifferent as to the com- j
mittces on which they may be placed; but ii is j
the general rule. i
But, sir, coming back to the subject of which I '
was speaking, I say it is the duty of a committee
to present the facts concerning each bill which i
they report. You require this of the Committee !
onOlanns. You require it of the Committee on the ■
Judiciary, and of the Committee on Indian Affairs, i
to my knowledge, being a member of those two
committees. We report the facts. It is the busi-
ness of tiie committees to ascertain the facts and
state them to the Senate. All your books of reports
forming volumes of the public documents, are on ,
that basis. Now, an exception is to be made ;
115
when we come to an appropriation of §3,000,000
for objects which, above all other classes of legis-
lation, require facts. Look at the scene presented
a few months ago. The Senator from Illinois,
who has been acting with this coalition to reach
the public Treasury, disclosed facts which led to
the defeat of one bill; but the committee sat per-
fectly still. The Senator from Illinois told us that
here was an abandoned old port which a private
company had tried to build up and could not do
it—called New Buffalo, and an appropriation of
$40,000 was asked for it. He gave his opinion
from personal knowledge that the expenditure
would not be worth a grout. The Senate put
down the appropriation, but it was presented to
us through the Committee on Commerce.
There is^lh other fact. These engineers may be
valuable in one view as adepts, as men skilled in
engineering. When you deem it proper, without
reference to the principle on which you put the
bill, to improve a harbor, they are the proper
persons to estimate its practicability and cost;
but they are not staticians. When we ask for
information on these questions, we are told that
some outsider says there is so much commerce
and trade at a particular point. How doe.s he
know? That is no part of the engineer's busi-
ness. He is not an adept in that. 1-Tow does
he get such information? I have seen the opera-
tion of it; I have noticed their reports, and some
of them have been honest enough to give the
details. They go to steamboat captains, and ask:
" How often do you stop hero? how many trips
do you make? what is the amount of your ton-
nage." They figure it all oat, and that is the
reason why we have such monstrous absurdities
in the shape of estimates of commerce presented
here. They are statements of what vessels could
carry if they made regular tiips. full eveiv time
of the most valuable commodities. These men
are naturally uninformed on such points, and they
have to seize on the statements j>resented to them.
1 say, however, it is the business of the commit-
tee to give us ali the necessary information.
The Senator from Louisiana, when lie wanted
the mouth of the A1 ississippi river improved,
came to the Senate, and in a speech gave us the
extent of country diamed by its wateis, the vast
amount of its commerce, and showed, as 1 ad-
mitted in my speech m opposition to him, that it
was a trade and commerce which should come
under the power of Congress to legulate com-
merce if any measure of this kind could come
under that power. I admitted frankly, that that
was a case for the exeicise of this powi rif it ex-
isted. There the Senate knew on what they weic
called upon to vote. The facts were pretty gen-
erally known anyway, but the Senator from
Louisiana went into them carefully, nnd brought
before us vividly the whole extent of population
and production to be lx nefited by that mipioie-
nient; so that we were reduced to the nak« d ques-
tion of constitutional power. We have nothing
of that kind in this case. When we ask lbr it,
the Senator from Michigan savs. " uo look to the
repoits made, m J£53 ana you will see what the
engineer says the work will cost." The com-
mittee have paid no attention to the estimates, for
f believe m this very case they hate enlarged the
amount of the estimates. 1 have been informed
that they have exceeded the estimates by $4,U01)
m this bill, for reasons which the Senator from
Michigan may have stated, on account of the
work going to rum since the last appropriation.
But we desire to know" ali the facts count ctcd
with these different improvements, for each must
stand on its own bottom. If it be wise to im-
prove the harbor of Butlalo, Now Yoik, it by no
means follows that it is wise or prudent to im-
prove the harbor of Little Buffalo, in Michigan.
One docs not follow from the other, on any prin-
ciple which any reasonable man m the "Senate
will admit—on none that he will pie-teiui to give
as the basis of his action. Then we want the
details as to each particular place. Wla-re are
they ? There are many of these places which are
not m any map that I have ever seen. Some of
them may spring up in a day. Public lands are
surveyed, and people go to settle on them, and
soon a town is built up. Probably while we have
been here at this session, this process has been
going on in some places. It is the duty of the
committee to inquire into the facts. They should
inform us of the locality of the places to be im-
proved; of the extent of the country to be bene-
fited; how far it is connected with other improve-
ments. The intelligence of my friend from Ma-
ryland, [Air. Pearce,] yesterday brought out the
fact that there were three of these ports within
thirty-three miles—he at first supposed the space
to be fifteen miles, but it turned out to be thirty-
three. That fact was drawn out by the vigilance
of one Senator, and another has discovered to-
day that there was a proposition to throw away
^.40,000 of public money at a point where con-
fessedly the same work had been abandoned by
a private company.
Now, when I rise up and simply ask, as 1 feel
it to be my duty to do, that the committee shall
give me the estimates, shall give me the facts,
shall give me the basis on which the bill is re-
ported, they say:44 if we make our explanation we
sltall lose the bill, and you have ail the means of
information that we have." Why, sir, for what
do we want a committee? They have not per-
formed, in this case, the function of a committee.
Taking a bill, and bringing it back, and telling
us to go look at the public documents, is not the
way to do the business of a committee. I say
their duty is not dischaigcd. I say that, accord-
ing to the principles of this Government, they
were bound to look at the facts, nnd present them
to the Senate orally or m writing. They hava
done neither. They have sent bills here without
one word of explanation, and they call on the
bands to unite, not to break the column, so that
they may get ail their measuies through—those
that are unworthy with tho&c that are good. 1 re-
gret that gentlemen, with those facts staring them
in the face, say they must stand all together like
objects to which I will not compare them. We
are almost hooted out of the Senate for asking an
explanation of these measures. When we have
foity or fifty of these bills presented to us, I have
no doubt it will be ruled to be factious for us to
ask where is the place, what is the estimate, what
is the extent of country to be benefited by the
improvement, what is the extent of the commcrce
of the place for which you propose an appropri-
ation ? And we are told that, by interfering in this
way, we are preventing gentlemen from passing
tin ir bill Air. President, if this be faction, you
will find me a very factious member of your body.
I desire to make another remark before taking
my seat. 1 yesterday made a statement, in ref-
eicnce to a document, which was controverted. I
have tlie document now before me. It is a report
by Colonel Abert, enti'led "A statement of the
appropriations for the construction and repair of
roads, and the improvement of luubors and riveis,
in the United States, showing, as far as practicable,
the amount to each State." This statement was
made in l«45,andis among the Senate documents
of that y^ar, numbered 42. It shows, as I said yes-
terday, that the amount appropriated for internal
improvements in the State of Ohio, out of the
funds of the General Government,was, up to that
period $'2«CJ7,!)U] I-.
Air. CASS. That includes the Cumberland
road.
Air. TOOATBS. Certainly; and I stated yes-
terday ten tim< s, as the debate will show, that
this was the amount of appropriations for in-
ternal improvements. The Senator from Aiich-
igan was continually talking to me about river
and harbor appropriations, and I kept repeating
to luni that the statement was of appropriations
for internal improvements.
Air. CASS. 1 The Cumberland road was not
made out of the public Treasury. It was made
out of the money of the State of Ohio for relin-
quishing her rignt to tax the land for five years
after you Fold it.
Air. TOOA1BS. The Senator is mistaken in
