1856.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
951
to strike out the whole of the third section, and
the proviso to the seventh section, to make the
substitute congruous.
The PRESIDENT. Does the Senator from
Mississippi withdraw his amendment?
Mr. ADAMS. No, sir; I have the floor.
Mr. WELLER. I desire to make a motion
which takes precedence of that of the Senator
from Mississippi. I am not satisfied with the
vote which I have just given on the amendment of
the Senator from Georgia, and I desire to move a
reconsideration. I wish to have that motion en-
tered; and as the usual hour for adjournment has
arrived, I shall follow it up by a motion for ad-
journment.
Mr. BELL, of Tennessee. Will not the Sen-
ator from California, as he defeated my purpose
yesterday, allow me to perform a duty which I
then proposed ? I shall not occupy three min-
utes.
Mr. WELLER. I do not like the ground on
which the Senator places it; I think I did not
defeat him yesterday.
The PRESIDENT. The Senator from Mis-
sissippi is entitled to the floor, if he insists on it.
Mr. ADAMS. If the bill is to come up again,
I have no particular anxiety to offer my amend-
ment now. Itwas only to strike out one phrase,
and insert another. It is unimportant, but I sup-
pose there would be no objection to it. If, how-
ever, the question is not to be taken on the bill
to-day, and I can offer my amendment at another
time, I have no objection to yielding the floor.
The PRESIDENT. Then the Senator from
California is entitled to the floor.
Mr. WELLER. I desire that my motion for
reconsideration shall be entered upon the Journal,
but I do not ask for action upon it now if the
Senator from Tennessee desires to be heard.
Mr. BELL, of Tennessee. I desire to make a
statement which will not occupy two minutes. If
the Senate will consider the resolutions of the Sen-
ator from Georgia, in relation to the naval board,
as being before the body,I will, in place ofaspeech,
submit a communication, which I ask to have
read, so that it may be printed. I could make this
communication, if I chose, the basis of a long
explanation and argument; but I do not desire to
take up the time of the Senate by doing so. The
communication is merely explanatory and vin-
dicatory of the course of Lieutenant Maury, in
reply to some speeches that have been made in
this body in regard to him.
The PRESIDENT. The bill under consider-
ation before the Senate must be disposed of.
Mr. BELL, of Tennessee. I move that it be
postponed until to-morrow, at half past twelve
o 'clock.
Mr. BROWN. To-morrow is private bill day,
and I think we had better postpone this subject
until Monday.
Mr. FOOT. Private bills will not come up
until one o'clock to-morrow.
Mr. WELLER. I propose, to-morrow, to ask
the Senate to take up the Pacific railroad bill for
the purpose of submitting some remarks upon it,
and then it may be postponed until next week.
The PRESIDENT. The question is on the
motion of the Senator from Tennessee to post-
pone the further consideration of the bill before
the Senate until to-morrow.
Mr. HALE. I move that the Senate adjourn.
The motion was agreed to; there being, on a
division, ayes 19, noes 12; and the Senate ad-
journed.   
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Thursday, April 17,1856.
The House met at twelve o'clock, m. Prayer
by Rev. Henry C. Dean, Chaplain of the Senate.
The J ournal of yesterday was read and approved.
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATION.
The SPEAKER, by unanimous consent, laid
before the House a communication from the Sec-
retary of the Treasury, recommending an appro-
priation of §21,000 for the purchase of fixtures
for the United States Mint at Philadelphia; which
was rcferied to the Committee of Ways and
Means, and ordered to be printed.
The SPEAKER stated the regular order of
business to be the call of special committees for
reports.
COMMERCIAL REGULATIONS FOR TOBACCO.
Mr. FAULKNER, by unanimous consent,
offered the following resolution; which was read,
considered, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Secretary of State be requested to
communicate to this House such information as may be in
the possession of the State Department relative to the
tariff, duties, restrictions, prohibitions, and custom-house
regulations applicable to American tobacco in the principal
commercial countries of Europe.
APPROPRIATIONS FROM 1850 TO 1855.
Mr. PRINGLE, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced the following resolution; which was read,
considered, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the President of the United States be re.
quested to have prepared and presented to the House of
Representatives a statement showing the appropriations
made by the Thirty-First, Thirty-Second, and Thirty-Third
Congresses, distinguishing the appropriations made at each
session of each Confess; distinguishing a!so the appropri-
ations made on the recommendation of the President, heads
©{"Departments, or heads of bureaus, from those that were
made without such recommendation ; and showing what
expenditures have been made by the Government m each
fiscal year, commencing with the first day of July, 1850, and
ending on the 30th day of June, 18j5; and also what (if any)
defalcations have occurred trom the 30th day of June, 1850,
to the first day of July, 1855, and the amount of such de-
falcations severally, and such other mfoimation as may be
in his power, bearing upon the matters above mentioned.
REFERENCE OF SENATE BILLS.
Mr. WINSLOW asked the unanimous con-
sent of the House to take from the Speaker's
table the bill of the Senate (No. 103) for the relief
of the officers and soldiers of the United States
Army who sustained losses by the disasters to
the steamships Winfield Scottand San Francisco,
for the purpose of reference.
Mr. GIDDINGS objected.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I think it would
be as well if the House would, by common con-
sent, take up the Senate bills on the Speaker's
table, and refer them, with the understanding that
none of them shall be put on their passage.
There being no objection, the following bills
and resolutions of the Senate on the Speaker's
table were severally taken up, rear) a first and
second time by their respective titles, and dis-
posed of as indicated below:
An act to authorize the settlement of the ac-
counts of the Bank of the State of Missouri for
money advanced for subsistence and transporta-
tion of volunteers. Referred to the Committee
on Military Affairs.
An act for the relief of John H. Home. Re-
ferred to the Committee of Claims.
A resolution for the relief of the suffering poor
of the cities of Washington and Georgetown.
Referred to the Committee for the District of
Columbia.
An act to establish a library for young men in
the District of Columbia. Referred to the Com-
mittee for the District of Columbia.
A resolution authorizing and directing the Sec-
retary of War to furnish, in certain cases, verified
copies of original papers filed before the board
for the examination of claims contracted in Cali-
fornia under Lieutenant Colonel Fremont.
Mr. PHELPS. I do not want to interfere with
the understanding of the House that none of
those bills should be put on their passage, but
this is a resolution merely providing that certified
copies of certain vouchers that are on file before
the board may be furnished and received as evi-
dence. It will save time if the House will pass
it at once.
The SPEAKER. It maybe put on its passage
by unanimous consent.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I object.
The joint resolution was then referred to the
Committee on Military Affairs.
An act making appropriations for the payment
of invalid and other pensions ef the United States
for the year ending June 30, 1857, and for other
purposes.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I think that is a
Senate general appropriation bill. A bill of the
same character, making appropriations for the
payment of the pensions of the United States for
the next fiscal year, has passed this House, come
back from the Senate, and, having received the
signature of the Executive, has become a law.
I therefore move that the bill be laid upon the
table.
The motion was agreed to.
An act making an appropriation for a new forti-
fication for the defense of the entrance of Gal-
veston harbor and bay, in the State of Texas.
Mr. GIUITMAN. I move to refer the bill to
the Committee on Military Affairs.
Mr. KELSEY. I understand that to be another
appropriation bill originating in the Senate. I
■move to lay it on the table.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I will say to the
gentleman from New York that this is not one
of the general appropriation bills. It is for con-
structing a new work, and I think should prop-
erly go to the Committee on Military Affairs, as
moved by the gentleman from Mississippi, [Mr.
&UITMAN.]
Mr. KELSEY. I misunderstood the character
of the bill. I withdraw my motion.
The bill was then referred to the Committee
on Military Affairs.'
An act for the relief of Edwin A. Stevens.
Referred to the Committee of Claims.
An act regulating the terms of the circuit court
of the District of Columbia, and for other pur-
poses. Referred to the Committee on the Judi-
ciary.
An act making appropriations for fortifications
and other works of defense, and for repairs of
barracks and quarters, for the year ending the
30th of June, 1857.
Mr. KELSEY. That is another Senate appro-
priation bill. I move to lay it on the table.
The motion was agreed to.
An act changing the time of holding the district
court of the United States at Wytheville, in ths
western district of Virginia. Referred to the
Committee on the Judiciary.
An act for the improvement of the navigation
of the Patapsco river, and to render the port of
Baltimore accessible to war steamers of the Uni-
ted States. Referred to the Committee on Com-
merce.
An act for the improvement of the harbor of
San Diego, California. Referred to the Commit-
tee on Commerce.
An act for the relief of John Tucker. Referred
to the Committee on Commerce.
An act to remit or refund duties upon goods,
wares, and merchandise destroyed by fire.
Mr. WASHBURNE, ef Illinois. 1 move to
refer the bill to the Committee on Commerce.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I suppose that
bill ought to go to the Committee of Ways and
Means. It is for taking money out of the Treas-
ury, and I think appropriately belongs to the
Committee of Ways and Means.
Mr. WASHBURNE. This bill came from
the Committee on Commerce in tile Senate. A
similar bill is now before the Committee on Com-
merce of this House, and that committee had
jurisdiction of the subject at the last Congress.
The motion of Mr. Washburne was agreed to.
A resolution declaring in what manner the pen-
sion laws for the benefit of the Cherokee Indians,
shall be executed. Referred to the Committee on
Indian Affairs.
A resolution for the relief of Hall Neil«on.
Referred to the Committee of Claims.
An act granting bounty land to Rebecca Free-
man. Referred to the Committee on Public Lands.
An act for the relief of the officers and soldiers
of the United States Army who sustained loss
by the disasters to the steamships Winfield Scott
and San Francisco. Referred to the Committee
on Military Affairs.
An act for the relief of Captain Langdon C.
Easton, assistant quartermaster United States
Army. Referred to the Committee on Military
Affairs.
An act for the relief of Levi Robinson. Re-
ferred to the Committee on Commerce.
An act granting a pension to Benjamin Berry,
a soldier of the Revolution. Referred to the Com-
mittee on Revolutionary Claims.
An act for the relief of the owners and shares-
men of the fishing schooners Wanderer, Mary,
Olive Branch,Two Brothers, and Brothers. Re-
ferred to the Committee on Commerce.
An act for the relief of the heirs or legal repre-
sentatives of John Metcalf. Referred to the Com-
mittee of Claims.
An act for the relief of Isaac Cook and others.
Referred to the Committee of Claims.
An act for the lelief of Amos B. Eaton, a coni-
missaryof subsistence™ theUmted States Army.
Referred to the Committee on Military Affairs.
