226
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 12,
the offer of a large body of friends to fcress my
name upon the attention of the House. I gave
way to the gentleman from Massachusetts, [Mr.
Banks,] and, at the first moment when it seemed
practicable to elect him, my vote and those of
my colleagues were cast in his support; and from
that moment to this we have ever been ready to
contribute to that result. It is true that the gen-
tleman from Massachusetts was, for many rea-
sons, unacceptable to us, and that much has been
said and done in the progress of this contest, on
the part of his friends, (for which, however, we
do not hold him responsible,) calculated to alien-
ate us from his support. It is true that we have
not concurred with our judgments, though we
have by our votes, in the pertinacious effort
which has been made to elect that gentleman;
nor have we been willing to take the gentleman
from Illinois [Mr. Richardson] as the only
alternative to the gentleman from Massachu-
setts—a line of policy which has been urged
upon the Opposition in this body with a dogma-
tism only equaled by its absurdity, and the ma-
lign spirit \vhich dictates it. The rule of conduct
adopted, in this respect, by my colleagues and
myself was adopted also by all who were origin-
ally my friends, and we have been found united
for more than a month, contrary to our convic-
tions of sound policy, in an effort, as yet un-
availing and inauspicious, to elect the gentleman
from Massachusetts.
In the mean time, while my name has remained
in nomination, the votes of six gentlemen, not
originally my friends, and having now, as I pre-
sume, no special preference for me, but unwilling
to vote for the gentleman from Massachusetts
for reasons satisfactory to themselves, upon their
own representative responsibility, have been con-
centrated upon me in good faith; and it seems to
be well understood that no one of these gentlemen
can be brought to the aid of the gentleman from
Massachusetts, though I should peremptorily
declinc their support.
Under this state of facts, it is suggested that I
should decline; and telegraphic dispatches have
been transmitted in every direction to create a
public impression that 1 am an obstacle to the
organization, and, by thus placing mo in a false
position, to constrain me to a course of action
which does not commend itself to my convic-
tions of duty or honor, with a design, as it seems
to ine, not so much to promote the election of
the gentleman from Massachusetts as to embar-
rass those who have thus honorf d me, and,in my
name, held out to the friends of that gentleman
the olive branch of conciliation and peace.
Sir, I need no suggestion from any quarterto
press on mo considerations of public duty or
personal interest, in relation to this or any other
subject. 1 have not been quite so passive a spec-
tator of this contest as to have been inattentive
to such considerations. I need no monitor to
remind me of my dufy or my interests; least of
all, such a monitor as has set himself up to instruct
the members of tins House in the line of their
duty, and to hold it in awe by the lash of a pow-
erful press. 1 am the keeper of my own honor,
and I shall judge for myself, fearless of open
denunciations or covert insinuations, come from
what quarter they may, what my obligations are
to myself, to my constituents, and to my country.
And 1 have now to say, once for all. that when-
ever it shall appear to me that the continuance of
my name in nomination shall have even a tendency
to delay the organization, I shall without ti mo-
ment's hesitation, ask my colleague who placed
it there to withdraw it. it will cost me no sacri-
fice to do (?o; for, if I had ever indulged any desire
for success, 1 have long ceased to look upon it as
probable, or even practicable. Till then I shall
continue to occupy the position which I have
maintained hitherto, from the beginning of the
contest. 1 shall, in that event, be enabled to pre-
sent to those gentlemen who have thus concen-
trated their votes upon me, a reason for declining
their support, the force of which, I doubt not,
they will be among the first to appreciate. In the
absence of such a reason, I should be guilty of
a gross dereliction of honor and good faith,
and unworthy the respect of my peers in this
body, if I were thus contemptuously to shake
the dust of my feet in the faces of those gentle-
men. It has been intimated that I might purchase
position in tins House and before the country by
withdrawing my name from the contest. Sir, I
ask no position, in the House or elsewhere, to
which I am not justly entitled. I wish to earn
for myself no factitious importance; least of all,
to do so at the expense of my own self-respect,
and the sacrifice of my own honor.
Now, sir, I pass to the matter of the interroga-
tories. I have not read them. I have heard them
read but indistinctly at the Clerk's table. They
involve, if I correctly understand their general
tenor, questions of grave importance, demanding
fora response deliberate consideration. Of course
I could not be expected now to respond to them;
and I am free to say that, had I examined them, I
could not, under present circumstances, be in-
duced to trouble the House with any reply. It
will be time enough for ine seriously to consider
the propriety of answering these, or any other
interrogatories, when there shall appear to be a
more general purpose seriously entertained to use
my name in this contest.
Sir, I am no party to the contract implied by
the resolution of the gentleman from Tennessee,
and the vote which has been given in support of
it. I voted to lay the resolution on the table, and,
that failing, I voted squarely against its adoption.
I am, therefore, in no measure responsible for its
passage, nor in any degree committed to the line
of conduct which it indicates. I agree most fully
to the general principle affirmed by the resolution;
but, as I view it, that principle has no applica-
bility to thebusiness now before the House. The
Speaker of this body is selected to preside over
its deliberations, to conduct its proceedings, and
to preserve order and decorum—functions which
in no respect involve any political principle. They
involve the principles of personal integrity, im-
partiality, and capacity, and, on these points, I
have only to say, that, if the general tenor of my
life and conversation, open to all men, and my
intercourse with the members of this House, do
not afford sufficient guarantees in these respects,
they are as free to reject as they are to elect.
It may be said, Mr. Clerk, that the Speaker has
in his power the appointment of the committees
of the House. This may or may not be so.
There is no existing law, rule, or resolution,
which vests this authority in that officer. When
we shall have elevated to the chair any honorable
member of this body to preside over its delibera-
tions—when we shall have committed to such
member the preservation of order and decorum,
the proper time will have arrived to determine
whether Ins character and principles be such as
to justify us in intrusting to him so important and
responsible a power.
But, sir, if it were true, that by any existing
regulation the Speaker would ex officio possess
the power to appoint the committees, or it be con-
templated, according to established usage, to vest
that power in him, I do not see how the principle
enunciated by the resolution could have any
proper relation to the selection of that officer.
The duty of the Speaker, in the appointment of
committees, is fixed by a well-defined, though
too often disregarded, principle of parliamentary
law. He would be bound by that principle, and
ought, and doubtless would be required, under
tlie pain of removal, whatever might be his indi-
vidual opinions or personal preferences, to con-
stitute the standing committees upon the various
branches of the public service in conformity to
the asceitained sentiments of a majority of the
House. It is a rule of parliamentary law, equally
well defined—though this, too, has been too fre-
quently disregarded—that select or special com-
mittees are to be constituted of a majority at
least of the friends of the measure referred to
them, however odious it may be to the House
or to its presiding officer, j confess, therefore,
that with these views I cannot see the necessity
or propriety of instituting an inquisition into
the peculiar political opinions of candidates, es-
pecially with such extreme nicety as character-
izes the points made by the interrogatories of
the gentleman from Tennessee. It seems to me
that enough ought to be known of any gentle-
man, fit for such a position, without subjecting
him to the humiliation of submitting himself to
be questioned and cross-questioned in this Hall
as to all the minute points and phases of his
political principles, and that, too, with all the
little chicanery of the bar-room and the hustings.
For myself, sir, I am satisfied to be judged, and
to stand or fall, by my past political life, and the
record which I have made in the public service;
^to which I beg leave to refer the inquisitive.
I will make no pledge, subject myself to no
test, submit to no condition or humiliation to
insure success.
And now, sir, not desiring further to occupy
the attention of the House, I have only to say
again that, in my position and with my views, I
most respectfully decline to be put through the
catechism.
' In conclusion, Mr. Clerk, I may illustrate my
| position by the point of an anecdote of boyhood
i days. It is now Saturday afternoon, and then!
1 are doubtless around me many who, with me, will
associate, while life lasts, with that time vivid
j recollections of the dclcctable exercises in the
] smaller and larger catechism wherewith we were
; initiated into the rudiments of the Westminster
i Confession of Faith. I remember on one of these
I occasions to have been seated by a waggish
j youngster, who, upon being called up and asked
j what progress he had made m his catechism,
j very naively replied, that ho had got beyond
" effectual calling." [Roars of laughter.]
Mr. BARKSDALE. The interrogatories, Mr.
I Clerk, which I propose to put to the gentleman
from Massachusetts, [Mr. Banks.] I intend for all
the gentlemen who are candidates for the speak-
ership; and, in order that the House and the
gentlemen to whom they are propounded may
understand them, I will now read them:
Are you now a member of the American or
Know Nothing party ?
Are you in favor of abolishing slavery in the
i District of Columbia, the United States forts,
' dock-yards, &c. ?
Do you believe in the equality of the white and
black races in the United States; and do you wish
to promote that equality by legislation ?
Are you in favor of the entire exclusion of
adopted citizens and Roman Catholics from office ?
Do you favor the same modification—and this
question I intend particularly for the gentleman
from Massachusetts, [Mr. Banks]—of the tariff
now which you did at the last session of Congress?
Mr. BINGHAM. I insist that, before anymore
 interrogatories are put, those which I have pro-
i pounded be answered.
j The CLERK. Does the gentleman from Mis-
sissippi withdraw his interrogatories for the pres-
ent ?
Mr. BARKSDALE. No, sir.
Mr. RICHARDSON took the floor.
The CLERK. 'Does the gentleman from Mis-
sissippi yield to the gentleman from Illinois ?
Mr. BARKSDALE. I do, sir.
Mr. RICHARDSON. I wish to answer the
questions propounded.
Mi. KENNETT, (interrupting.) I ask whether
it is in order to put one or two more interroga-
tories in addition to those propounded by the
gentleman from Mississippi? I should like to
know of each candidate for the speakership, in-
cluding my friend from New Jersey, [Mr. Pen-
nington,] whether he believes in a future state
or not? [Laughter.] And then, provided he
j1 answers that question affirmatively, I desire to
j know whether he believes it will be a free or a slave
state ? [Roars of laughter.]
j Mr. BARKSDALE. I would say to the gen-
i tleman from Missouri [Mr. Kennett] that, if
he intends by that interrogatory to cast any re-
flection upon me, either directly or indirectly—
[excitement, and cries of " No ! no!"]—I hurl it
back with all the scorn, derision, and contempt
which its insolence and impudence so justly
merits. [Loud cries of " Order !" " Order!"]
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio. I call the gentle-
man to order.
Mr. BARKSDALE. Sir, he has no right to
call me to order; and I demand by what right he
calls me to order? [Continned cries of" Order!"
and much confusion in the Hall.] '
Mr. CAMPBELL. I again call the gentleman
[Mr. Barksdale] to order.
Mr. GROW. I move that the House do now
adjourn.
Mr. KENNETT. I have only to remark, Mr.
Clerk, that the tenor of my questions must have
been misunderstood by the House, if it thinks they
were designed to reflect on the gentleman from
Mississippi, [Mr. Barksdale.] They were
intended good-naturedly. And I have to say
