952
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 17,
A joint resolution for the relief of John Y. Laub,
a clerk in the office of the First Comptroller of the
Treasury. Referred to the Committee of Claims.
An act for the relief of the owners of the fish-
ing scnooners Brandywine, Forrester, Grampus,
Ursula, Stephen C. Phillips, and Union. Refer-
red to the Committee on Commerce.
An act to enable the United States to make use
of the solar compass in the public surveys. Re-
ferred to the Committee on Public Lands.
An act to authorize the entry of certain lands
in the State of Iowa by Mrs. Caroline Newington.
Referred to the Committee on Public Lands.
An act for the relief of the legal representatives
of Zadock Thompson, of Vermont. Referred
to the Committee of Claims.
An act to direct a reexamination of the account
between the United States and the State of Mary-
land. Referred to the Committee on the Judici-
ary.
An act for the relief of Dempsey Pittman. Re-
ferred to the Committee on Military Affairs.
An act for the relief of James Harrington. Re-
ferred to the Committee on Military Affairs.
An act authorizing the Secretary of the Interior
to approve the account of the marshal of the
district of Missouri for furniture provided for the
use of the circuit court of the United States for
said district, at the April term of said court, held
at St. Louis in the year 1854. Referred to the
Committee on the Judiciary.
An act for the relief of Joshua Shaw, of Bor-
dentown, New Jersey. Referred to the Commit-
tee on Military Affairs.
An act for the relief of John H. Scranton and
James M. Hunt. Referred to the Committee on
the Post Office and Post Roads.
An act for the relief of Josiah S. Little. Re-
ferred to the Committee of Claims.
An act for the relief of Rebecca Halsey, -widow
of Zephaniah Halsey, an officer of the Revolu-
tion. Referred to the Committee on Revolution
ary Pensions.
An act for the relief of Samuel Forrest. Re-
ferred to the Committee on Naval Affairs.
An act for the relief of Michael Nash, of the
District of Columbia. Referred to the Commit-
tee for the District of Columbia.
An act for the relief of Cezaire "Wallace, of the
parish of Bossier and State of Louisiana. Re-
ferred to the Committee on Private Land Claims.
An act appointing- commissioners to ascertain
certain facts relative to private land claims in the
State of Michigan. Referred to the Committee
on Private Land Claims.
An act for the relief of Richard Albritton. Re-
ferred to the Committee on Private Land Claims
An act to confirm Joseph Wandestrand in his
title to certain lands. Referred to the Committee
on Public Lands.
An act for the relief of Joseph Smith. Refer-
red to the Committee on Private Land Claims.
An act for the relief of William B. Trotter.
Referred to the Committee on Indian Affairs.
An act for the relief of Randall D. Livingston.
Referred to the Committee on Private Laud
Claims.
Anactforthe relief of Cephise Pisorose, widow
of Louis Labranche, of the parish of St. Charles
and' State of Louisiana. Referred to the Com-
mittee on Private Land Claims.
An act for the benefit of the Hebrew congre-
gation of the city of Washington. Referred to
the Committee for the District of Columbia.
An act for the relief of Adam D. Steuart. Re-
ferred to the Committee on the Judiciary.
An act for the relief of Nathaniel Mothershead,
of Missouri. Referred to the Committee on In-
valid Pensions.
An act to authorize the Secretary of "War to
cause to be paid to Captain George E. McCIellan,
his officers and men composing his company of
mounted volunteers, full pay for services rendered
and subsistence and forage furnished in East
Florida in 1840. Referred to the Committee on
Military Affairs.
An act for the relief of Mrs. Agatha O'Brien,
widow of Brevet Major J. P. J. O'Brien, late of
the United States Army. Referred to the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs.
An act for the relief of Peter Grover. Refer-
red to the Committee of Claims.
An act increasing the pension of Albert Hart.
Referred to the Committee on Invalid Pensions.
An act for the relief of Levi C. Harris. Re-
ferred to the Committee on Invalid Pensions.
An act for the relief of Betsey Whipple. Re-
ferred to the Committee on Invalid Pensions.
An act restoring Joshua Mercer to the roll of
invalid pensioners. Referred to the Committee
on Invalid Pensions.
An act to increase the pension of Alpheus D.
Palmer, late a lieutenant in the ninth regiment
United States infantry. Referred to the Commit-
tee on Invalid Pensions.
An act making a reappropriation from the sur-
plus fund for the relief of Lieutenant John Guest,
United States Navy, and others. Referred to the
Committee on Naval Affairs.
An act to increase the pension of Amaziah
Goodwin, of the State of Maine. Referred to
the Committee on Invalid Pensions.
An act for the relief of Mrs. M. E. McKnight,
widow of Francis M. McKnight. Referred to
the Committee on Military Affairs.
An act granting a pension to Samuel B. Porter,
a soldier in the last war with Great Britain. Re-
ferred to the Committee on Invalid Pensions.
MESSAGE FROM THE SENATE.
A message was received from the Senate, by
Asbury Dickins, their Secretary, informing the
House that the Senate had agreed to a conference
committee, requested by the House, upon the dis-
agreeing votes of the two Houses upon the bill
making appropriations for the support of the Mil-
itary Academy for the year ending the 30th of
June, 1857;
Also, that the Senate had passed bills of the
following titles:
An act relative to foreign coins, and the coinage
of cents at the Mint of the United States; and
An act to change the place of holding the courts
of the United States in the district of Delaware;
in which he was directed to ask the concurrence
of the House.
SENATE BILLS REFERRED.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I hope, by unan-
imous consent, that the bills which have just come
from the Senate will be taken from the Speaker's
table and referred.
No objection being made, the following Senate
bills were taken from the Speaker's table, read a
first and second time, and referred as indicated
below:
An act relative to foreign coins, and the coinage
of cents at the Mint of the United States. Re-
ferred to the Committee of Ways and Means.
An act to change the place of holding the courts
of the United States in the district of Delaware.
Referred to the Committee on the Judiciary.
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATION.
The SPEAKER, by unanimous consent, laid
before the House a letter from, the Secretary of
the Treasury, recommending a transfer of all
Army accounts to the Third Auditor's office; and
all accounts of the Interior Department to the
Second Auditor's office; which was referred to
the Committee of Ways and Means.
HEBREW CONGREGATION OF WASHINGTON.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. There was a bill
taken from the Speaker's table this morning, and
referred to the Committee on the District of Col-
umbia, for the benefit of the Hebrew congrega-
tion of the city of Washington. They have no
representative upon this floor, and no person,
probably, who sympathizes with them in religious
faith. I understand the bill merely proposeso
to place them upon an equal footing with other
worshiping congregations in the District, so far
as holding property for their place of worship;
and, if there is no objection, I propose that the
House now take it up and pass it. They wish
to purchase a lot and build a house of worship.
Mr. BENNETT, of Mississippi. I object to
taking up the bill out of its regular order.
JURORS IN THE DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA.
Mr. H. MARSHALL. I trust the gentleman
from Mississippi will not have the same objec-
tion to taking up a bill which I propose to ask
shall be taken up. It has been before the House
before, and now lies upon the table. The gen-
tleman objected to the bill in regard to the " He-
brews;" my bill is in regard to the "Americans."
[Laughter.] It is a bill to provide for putting the
pay of jurymen, in the District of Columbia, at
the same amount as they are paid in all the States.
It has been considered by the Senate and by the
Committee on the Judiciary of this House.
No objection being made, the bill was read a
third time by its title, as follows:
An act amendatory of an act entitled "An act
to regulate the fees and costs to be allowed
clerks, marshals, and attorneys of the circuit
and district courts of the United States, and for
other purposes."
Mr. H. MARSHALL. I move the previous
question on the passage of the bill.
Mr. STANTON. Has that bill been before
the Judiciary Committee?
The SPEAKER. It has been reported by the
Judiciary Committee of this House.
Mr. STANTON. That is all right.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered to be put; and under the
operation of the previous question the bill was
Mr. BENNETT, of Mississippi. I ask leave
to report back a bill whioh was referred to the
Committee for the District of Columbia, with a
substitute; and I ask that it be made a special
order for Wednesday next, and, that gentlemen
may have an opportunity of examining the sub-
stitute, I ask that it be ordered to be printed.
Mr. PRINGLE and others objected.
POSTAGE TO THE PACIFIC COAST.
Mr. HERBERT, by unanimous consent, of-
fered the following resolution; which was read,
considered, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee on tl)e Post Office and Post
RoadU bo, and they aie hereby, instructed to inquire into the
expediency of making the lates of postage for California
and Oregon uniform with the rates charged in other States,
and that they lepoit by bill or otherwise.
Mr. GIDDINGS. We are all desirous of in-
troducing resolutions, and when the States are
called will all have an equal chance. 1 will not
object to the resolution of the gentleman from
California, but I give notice that I will object to
all other resolutions.
OVERLAND MAIL TO CALIFORNIA.
Mr. KENNETT, by unanimous consent, and
in pursuance of previous notice, introduced a bill
providing for the establishment of a mail route
and carrying a semi-weekly overland mail be-
tween the frontiers of Missouri and San Fran-
cisco, California, and for other purposes; which
was read a first and second time, and referred to
the Committee on the PostOffice and Post Roads.
COASTWISE SHIPMENTS.
Mr. DAVIS, of Massachusetts, by unanimous
consent, and in pursuance of previous notice, in-
troduced a bill for the regulation of coastwise
shipments between the Atlantic and Pacific
coasts; which was read a first and second time,
and referred to the Committee on Commerce.
REPORTS FROM COMMITTEES.
Mr. MACE, by unanimous consent, reported
back froift the Committee on the Post Office and
Post Roads House bill (No. 122) to provide for
additional mail steam service from San Francisco,
California, to Oregon, and to extend to Olympia,
Washington Territory; whioh was referred to the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. HARRIS, of Alabama, from the Commit-
tee on the Judiciary, made an adverse report in
the case of the memorial of R. L. Hendricks and
others, protesting against the election of national
chaplains; which was laid on the table, and or-
dered to be printed.
Mr. H., from the same committee, reported
back House bill (No. 117) to build a gaol at the
town of Van Buren, in the State of Arkansas;
•which was referred to the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union, and ordered to
! be printed.
RESOLUTIONS OF THE STATE OF GEORGIA.
Mr. SEWARD asked and obtained leave to
present resolutions from the Legislature of the
State of Georgia in relation to establishing a
navy-yard at Brunswick; which were referred to
the Committee on Naval Affairs, and ordered to
be printed
INTRODUCTION OF BILLS.
Mr. WAKEMAN, by unanimous consent, and
in pursuance of previous notice, introduced a bill
