1826
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 29,
that. The principle which he states-was acted
upon until 1820, in Mr. Monroe's administration.
Then it was abandoned, and the system was com-
menced of appropriating money from the public
Treasury. I know that the five per cent, fund,
as it was called, was used for making the road
through Maryland and Virginia, to Ohio, until
Mr. Monroe's time. During the honest adminis-
tration of Mr. Jefferson, the first appropriation
was in pursuance of the compact setting apart the
five per cent. fund.
Mr. CASS. 1 think the road was completed to
Ohio at the time of which the Senator speaks, but
I am not sure of that fact. It is certain, however,
that Congress made appropriations in anticipa-
tion, providing that they should be reimbursed
out of this fund. Does the honorable Senator
say now that the whole appropriation for the
Cumberland road, for the benefit of the State of
Ohio, exceeds the amount of her five per cent,
fund ?
Mr. TOOMBS. I do not; but on this state-
ment, the first appropriation put down to the
charge of Ohio for that road was in 1826, after
Mr. Adams came into power. They went from
the five per cent, fund into the Treasury.
Mr. PCJGH. The fund was three per cent,
for making roads in the State, and two per cent,
for roads to it.
Mr. TOOMBS. My recollection is, that it was
three percent, for roads to the State, and two per
cent, in the State; but at any rate both together
made the five per cent. fund. I had looked into the
subject, and 1 was quoting yesterday from mem-
ory; but my memory was accurate as to the sum
of $2,600,000 expended by the Genera! Govern-
ment for internal improvements for the benefit
of the State of Ohio. This does not include the
money expended on the Cumberland road prior
to 1824. My impression is, that before that time
there was an appropriation out of the Treasury
for that road—I think in 1820, during Mr. Mon-
roe's administration. Before that time the road
was built by money out of this fund, and after
that time the money wafe taken from the public
Treasury.
Mr. PUGH. "Will the Senator let me have the
hook ?
Mr. TOOMBS. Yes, sir. About two millions
of dollars of this sum have been for the Cumber-
land road, and the rest for harbors and rivers.
Mr. COLLAMER. Were not these appropri-
ations made in this manner: the money taken out
of the Treasury, provided it should be replaced
out of the two per cent, fund? I believe there
was much more appropriated than was ever re-
ceived.
Mr. TOOMBS. That rule was acted on reli-
giously down to 1820, and it was then abandoned.
I think that, if you will look at the laws, you
will find that I am accurate in this statement.
The report of Colonel Abort, to which I have
referred, makes no statement of these appropria-
tions until 1826, and it does not include anything
for the Ohio river, nor the great sums of money
spent for the Louisville and Portland canal, nor
the amount expended for the improvement of the
Ohio river, above or below the falls. The im-
provements of that river inure as much to the
benefit of the State of Ohio as if it ran through
her center; but none of these appropriations are
included in the $2,600,000.
Mr. CASS. I asserted yesterday that the
whole amount of expenditures, under this Gov-
ernment, for rivers and harbors in the Union,
from the commencement of the system in 1824
to this da)', was $11,751,000. 1 have the paper
before me. On the Atlantic coast the expendi-
tures have been $5,161,116 54; on the lakes,
$3,110,183; on the Mississippi and its tributaries,
§3,479,970. For Lake Erie, which touches the
coast of New York, Pennsylvania, and Ohio,
and a part of Michigan, the whole expenditure
has been $1,453,000. On Lake Michigan the total
amount of your expenditure has been $765,000.
Mr. TOOMBS. I have been continually as-
serting one thing while the Senator from Mich-
igan lias been proving another. I was not giving
the amount of appropriations for rivers and har-
bors, but I said expressly that the statement
which 1 gave was the amount of appropriations
for internal improvements by the General Gov-
ernment. That is the difference between us.
Mr.JpASS. The reason why I confine the
statement to rivers and harbors is, that no man
at this day asks an appropriation for roads and
canals. There is no such proposition before us.
Mr. PUGH. Of the $2,617,901 12 which the
Senator quotes, $2,081,008 31 are on account of
the Cumberland road.
Mr. TOOMBS. Certainly. *
Mr. PUGH. I state again, as I stated yester-
day, that the General Government has not ap-
propriated to this day, for the completion of the
Cumberland road, the amount which she stip-
ulated she would pay in consideration of restrict-
ing the power of taxation of the State of Ohio
upon the public lands for five years after they
were sold. That disposes of the Senator's account
on that point. As to the other details, 1 could
not, without looking to the appropriation bills,
ascertain them; but to test its accuracy, I will
say that I find here, numbered 130, " a road
from the Mississippi to the Ohio, $600,000."
Where is that road? There is no such road in
Ohio, and never was any such.
Mr. TOOMBS. Does the Senatotmean to test
my accuracy ? Did I not give hinmhe very au-
thority on which he is voting millions of money?
Mr. PUGH. I told the Senator yesterday
that the authority was notgood, and that inquiry
would so show.
Mr. TOOMBS. The statement is Colonel
Abert's, on whose authority you. are voting mil-
lions of dollars.
Mr. PUGH. I have not voted on Colonel
Abert's authority at all. I agree, to a great ex-
tent, with what the Senator from Illinois said
the other day in relation to the estimates of these
t engineers. I do not care whose it is; I say the
! statement is not true in point of fact. I said
! yesterday that I had no doubt the Senator had
I seen it, but it was erroneous, and I knew it
| would so appear when the document was pro-
I ducod.
I Whilst I am up, I wish to put a question to
I the Senator from Michigan about tins harbor.
I see by the map that it is located in the north-
western part of Lake St. Clair. It is in a por-
tion of the lake that appears to be land-locked
to a great extent. There cannot be any severe
storms there. It is not on the shore to which
wrecks are driven. It is a new woik. Under
these circumstances, I am not satisfied that it is
necessary for a harbor of refuge. I am not satis-
fied that there is any necessity for a harbor of
refuge on Lake St. Clair at all. I wish to have
my mind enlightened on those points. If not, I
cannot vote for the bill,
Mr. CLAY. The remarks of the Senator from
Michigan 1 understood were mainly a reflection
on mc. He did not mean to censure other Sen-
ators for their ignorance of the facts, as I under-
stood him, but to censure me because, as a mem-
ber of the committee, I was not advised on them.
Mr. STUART. Let me correct the Senator
from Alabama. I censured no gentleman here.
I do not think I made any remark which could
be justly considered a censure; but if I did, I
say now, without any sort of qualification what-
ever, that I retract it.
Mr. CLAY. 1 did not mean to reply in any
spirit of unkindness to the Senator. He said
that, if I had attended the meeting of the com-
mittee this morning, I might have the informa-
tion. I merely rise for my own vindication, and
not to retort on him. In that remark, he did me
injustice, because he will concede that the im-
mediate harbor bill before the Senate was not
under consideration this morning. It was re-
ported long since.
If I felt at liberty to remark on the conduct of
the committee,! could furnish the Senate, I think,
with an ample vindication for my seeming igno-
rance on this subject; but the doings of commit-
tees, I know, are not legitimate subjects for re-
mark in the Senate, and 1 do not intend to remark
upon them further than I am authorized to do by
what has been developed in the Senate. I am not
singular in my ignorcmce of what he says was
at the hands of all the-committee, and which 1,
as a member of the committee, might have at-
tained. Here, the other day, during the last
week, it is known to all the Senate, except, per-
haps, the Senator from Michigan, who was ab-
sent, that one of these bills camu up for consider-
ation, and not a member of the Senate could
give us information either of the statistics of
commerce and trade at the port, or of the esti-
mates; nor could they assure us that any esti-
mate whatever had been made. I am furthermore
advised, and I believe it to be* a fact, that we
passed a bill last week where there had been no
survey whatever. We passed it on the oral rec-
ommendation of the committee, without any es-
timate upon which to base it. ^
Now, I want to direct attention to thiiTpar-
ticular bill, and to show the Senator from Mich-
igan that he is at fault when he says that, if I had
gone to the report, I could have obtained the in-
formation which I now seek. Sir, I will remark
here that, if I had devoted myself to the consid-
eration of the numerous bills for the improve-
ment of rivers and harbors, it would have occu-
pied all my time outside of the Senate.
There have been sixty bills reported by the
committee, according to my count, in favor of
these various improvements; and to have gone
to the various sources of information, and to
have obtained all the knowledge which was re-
quisite m order to advise me how I should vote,
would have occupied all of my time out of the
Senate.
But, I say the estimate of Captain Canfield for
this work does not afford the basis upon which
this bill is fixed. TKe' bill makes an appropria-
tion of $10,000. Here the report of Captain Can-
field says they want $5,500. The bill exceeds
the estimate of the topographical engineer by
#4,500. Now, I ask the Senate, and I respect-
fully ask the Senator from Michigan, where is
the evidence before the Senate, that an excess of
$4,500 beyond the amount suggested by the en-
gineer is necessary to complete this work ? What
authority have we, beyond that of the Senator
from Michigan, who introduced this bill, and
who reported it from the Committee on Com-
merce, for saying that we should expend nearly
fifty per cent, beyond what the engineer says is
necessary? I want information on that pointy
It has not been afforded. I respectfully submit,
and if I go to the source to which I am directed,
1 do not find the information I desire.
Mr. STUART. I stated to the Senate a short
time ago why the increase was made in this esti-
mate. It was made in 1853; and the committee
were of opinion that to complete the work accord-
ing to this estimate would cost about as much
money now as the amount of the original estimate
was. The Senator will see, inasmuch as the work
is to be let by contract, that if the committee have
committed an error, and if really the work can
be done for $5,000, agreeably to this estimate, the
contract will necessarily be for that sum. He
does not suppose more than I do that the Secre-
tary of War will give $10,000 for a contract that
can be performed for $5,000. But it was the opin-
ion of the committee that the injuries there had
been such, taking the history of the past, that, in
consequence of the delay, it would cost about as
much now as originally. I state that as the rea-
son.
Now, I have a word to say in reply to the
questions of my friend from Ohio. The amount
of commerce at this point I cannot state in dollars,
but it is very large. I have the facts; it is an im-
mense trade. The Government of the United States
keeps an inspector of the revenue at that point.
It sends its revenue cutter there for the protection
of its commerce. As I stated when I was up
before, the commerce being large, the Govern-
ment vessel being obliged to go there, necessarily
needs the protection of the only harbor that is
upon the lake. That is our view. I think myself
it is one of the strongest cases presented.
These are briefly the facts. I did not suppose
it was necessary, nor do I now, to state the pre-
cise amount of commerce at each point, because I
do not understand that these harbors are based
on that. A harbor of refuge is as necessary where
there is a commerce of $10,000 as where there is
$1,000,000.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Iversoh
in the chair.) The question is on the amendment
of the Senator from Mississippi, [Mr. Adams.]
The question being taken, on a division there
were—ayes eleven, noes not counted.
Mr. STUART. I ask for the yeas and nays,
so that we may get a quorum.
Mr. BUTLER. I do not wish to be misun-
derstood on this subject. While I could not vote
for the proposition contained in the amendment
