1856.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1827
as a separate measure by itself, I shall be willing
to vote for it as an amendment, believing it to
have as much justice as the bill, and it is, I be-
lieve, a better appropriation than the bill. But
if Senators do not take these amendments, I do
not see why we should take their bills on blind
faith.
Mr. FITZPATRICK. I have not thought it
necessary for me to engage in this debate; but
ray friend from Mississippi has referred to me
as being familiar with the country through which
the Tombigbec river runs. From all the knowl-
edge I have on that subject, I am free to say that
the appropriation proposed by the amendment is
decidedly more legitimate ana proper than that
contemplated by the bill.
Although I am opposed to the whole system,
as my votes indicate, I shall vote for the amend-
ment, and if it is inserted I shall vote against the
bill. This river runs through one of the most
fertile portions of my State, and perhaps more
cotton floats down its stream than on any other
avenue in the State of Alabama. It taps the very
important cotton-growing portion in the western
part of my State. During dry weather the river
is frequently low, but this appropriation would
facilitate commerce very much if that is the
ground. I should like to have the money for this
purpose, if we could have it without violating
what I regard as a fundamental principle of the
Constitution in the construction of its grants of
power. I shall vote against the bill, although the
amendment in favor of my own State may be in-
serted in it.
Mr. STUART. I only wish to repeat the
statement of the Senator from Mississippi, for the
purpose of maintaining consistency on this mat-
ter. He says the amendment which he offers has
not received the sanction or examination of the
Department; that there has never been any esti-
mate, and it has never received the sanction of any
committee. It comes, therefore, solely on his
own individual recommendation; and yet the
Senator from South Carolina says he thinks it is
much more meritorious than the main bill.
Mr. ADAMS. The statement I make is from
my personal knowledge of the commerce of this
river, and its navigable capacity for more than
five hundred miles. Although it is not sanc-
tioned by the committee, no man living, here or
elsewhere, can doubt the truth of my statement
in reference to it. Still, I doubt the propriety of
an individual who is opposed to the whole system,
proposing an amendment for which he cannot
vote if it be adopted. I am convinced that, if
this bill is to pass, the amendment which I propose
should be incorporated, and is as meritorious as, if
not more so, than any single bill which has passed
or will pass. Yet, as I could not vote for it, if
adopted by the consent of the Senate, I will with-
draw my proposed amendment.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Does the Sen-
ate consent that the amendment shall be with-
drawn ? The Chair hears no objection. The
amendment is withdrawn.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. I must confess, to a
great extent, my ignorance as to the necessity of
a harbor of refuge upon Lake St. Clair. Itwould
seem to me, from a very imperfect geographical
knowledge, that the whole of Lake St. Clair was
a sort of harbor, like the harbor of New York,
and that in so small a river as Clinton is repre-
sented upon the mops to be, there can be no dan-
ger to vessels from storms, f desire the honorable
gentleman from Michigan [Mr, Stuart] to inform
me on this matter. I am, like him, entirely fav-
orable to all necessary and proper appropriations
for purposes of refuge.
Mr. STUART. L do not understand the Sen-
ator's question.
Mr. pRlTTENDEN. It is whether there is
any necessity for a place of refuge at the mouth
of Clinton river? It is not in the harbor itself.
If is directly across from the entrance from the
St. Clair flats, as I understand from the maps, and
can be but a very short distance, if the maps are
correct.
Mr. STUART. I have stated to the Senate
my individual opinion upon the subject, and 1
think I may say the opinion of those who have
acted with me, that this place,being the only
harbor upon Lake St. Clair, being a point where
there is a large amount of commerce, is of great
importance. I cannot give the figures as to the
extent of the commerce, though I have them at
my lodgings; I can only state that it is very large,
and the revenue collected by the Government
there is very considerable. A revenue officer is
there. A United States revenue cutter goes there
from Detroit to the upper district at Mackinaw.
The commensal fleet there is very large. My
own opinion, and I think that of those who re-
ported the bill, is, that it is necessary as a harbor
of refuge. If the Senator from Kentucky is con-
versant with the country there, he may know as
much as I do myself. 1 onlygive him the benefit
of my judgment about it. I think it is the only
harbor within this lake of some forty miles. The
Senator knows the lake is nearly round, and is
quite a boisterous one, though not so much so as
Lake Huron immediately above it, but this is the
only harbor on Lake St. Clair.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. My idea is, that the
whole lake is not larger than the bay of New
York.
Mr. STUART. Oh, yes.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. The bay of New York
is twenty miles from the city to the ocean.
Mr. CASS. Allow me to ask the Senator from
Kentucky a question, which will bring back his
recollections of the time when he was a soldier.
Does he remember the night when a portion of
the fleet was olf the river Thames, in Lake St.
Clair? Docs he recollect that tremendous storm ?
Mr. CRITTENDEN. I would rather not be
questioned about that.
Mr. CASS. I only allude to it because it was
shown that this little " mill-pond" of a lake raised
a most tremendous sea; and the officers told me
they never suffered more than they did that night,
lying off the Thames in the lake.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. If the Senator from
Michigan, who has a knowledge of the lake, will
tell me that he believes this harbor is necessary
as a place of refuge and security for vessels fioni
the storms on that lake, I will go for it.
Mr. CASS. I will say to the honorable Sena-
tor, that 1 believe it is very proper to have a hai-
bor of refuge there. The lake, I think, is twenty-
five miles across.
Mr. DOUGLAS. It is twenty-four miles, as
the surveys show.
Mr. CASS. It is twenty-four or twenty-five
miles across, as the honorable Senator knows.
Storms arise rapidly. The only secuuty on one
side isflie entrance into the Si. Clair river; and,
on the other, the entrance into the Detroit river,
which, 1 believe, are twenty miles apart. The
mouth of Clinton river is about thirty miles from
Detroit, on the west side of the lake, and about
midway—that is just its situation. Storms may
arise, and arise suddenly, when a refuge there
may be important.
I will add of my own knowledge, that the
town at this point is of very considerable im-
portance. It is a town, I think, equal in im-
portance to one half the appropriations we shall
make in the State of Ohio. A great deal of com-
merce and ship-building is carried on there, and
it has a river that makes an excellent harbor
when you get in. There is one small bai across
it which the engineers thought they could remove
for five or six thousand dollars. They were mis-
taken, and it filled up auam. Now ii is proposed
to give a larger sum, whieh is to be appropi lated,
and not to be used unless the object be effected.
That is the statement of the case. I know the
country; it is a fine country; this is a pretty ex-
tensive river, and the town at its mouth is of con-
siderable importance.
The bill was reported to the Sen, te without
amendment; and on the question of ordering it
to be engrossed and read a thud time,
Mr. FITZPATRICK called for the yeas and
nays; and they were ordered; and being taken,
resulted—yeas 24, nays 37; as follows:
YEAS— Mr-tfjp. Allen, Boil of N'mv Hampshire* Bell of
Tenner-ee, Benjamin, Cas-, Clayton, Coiiamet, Ci ittendeii,
Dodge, l)ouatii->, Duikee, FV-sunden, Foot, Fo-iei. <ie\ er,
Ii.uidii. James, Join a. ol fowii, ►Vvwud. Stuart. Thomsuti
of New Jersey, Trumbull, Wade, and VVnuht—2i.
NAYS—Me-si-. Adams Riiirht, BmkIIic.uI, Biown,
Butlei, Ciav, Fiizpatnek, Houston,' Huntei, Ivoison,
Ma.^ou, Pu;;lt, ltoul, Toombs-*, Wellei, arid Vuloe—17.
So the bill was ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading, it was read the third time, and
passed.
EXECUTIVE BUSINESS.
Mr. MASON. In pursuance to the notice
which I gave yesterday, as some Senators may
recollect, I move now that the Senate proceed to
the consideration of executive business.
Mr. STUART. I must ask for the yeas and
nays on that motion, and express the hope that
it will not be agreed to at this time.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. MASON. There is a mass of executive
business remaining to be disposed of. Some of
it I know is of a great deal of importance and pub-
lic interest; and we equally know that, so far, we
have had executive sessions only at the very close
of the day, when it was impossible to maintain
a quorum to transact that business which required
no delay. I gave notice yesterday that I should
make this motion. I hope itwill be the pleasure
of the Senate to go into executive session.
Mr. SEWARD. 1 was very much in hopes
that the Senate would get through with and dis-
pose of this class of bills which we are now en-
gaged upon, and that they would do it to-day.
They relate to a subject that is as important, it
seems to me, as any executive business which we
have before us; it concerns the whole country,
and stands in the way of the transaction of exec-
utive and of all other business. 1 hope, there-
fore, that those who appreciate the importance of
these improvements, as the committee do, will
give us a favorable consideration, and dispose of
all these bills, if possible, to-day.
Mr. CLAY. 1 will suggest that there arc fifty
bills yet unacted upon; and if it is intended to act
on all of them to-day, we shall sit here until to-
i morrow morning, even if we have no debate at
all.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 15, nays 26; as follows:
YJSAS—Messrs. Bi^gs, Brodliead, Brown, Butier, Clay,
Cnttenden, Fitzpatnefc, Houston, Hunter, Iverson, Jones
of Tennessee, IVlason, Reid, Toombs, and Yuh-c*—13.
N\VS—Mes-is. Allen. BeU of New Hansp-lme, Bell of
Tennessee, Benjamin, Oa>s, Clayton, Collamer, Dodge,
Douglas, Huilvoo, Fc-senden, Foot, Foster, Ueyer, Hailan,
J.iims, Johnson, Jone* of fovva, i'uirh, Helia-nan, Seward,
Stuart, Tuunbull, Wade, Wellcr, and Wnghf—20.
So the Senate refused to proceed to the consid-
eration of executive business.
BLACK LAKE HARBOR.
Mr. PUGTJ. Before the next order is called, I
wish to make a motion to reconsider the vote
upon Senate bill No. 40; and 1 wish to ask the
Senator from Michigan a question, which may
influence m« in withdrawing the motion, or in-
i sisting upon it. I wish to know, if the Black
river provided for by that bill is the Black river
indicated upon this map, between Grand river
and Muskegon?
Mr. STUART. No, sir.
Mr. PUGH. Whereabout is it?
Mr. STUART. Twenty-two miles south of
Grand river.
Mr. PUGH. That, is the south Black river,
provided for by bill No. 38. We have two bills
here for Ulaek'nvers.
Air. STUART. 1 explained that yesterday. I
will show the Senator in a moment on the map.
Mr. PUGH, (after an examination of the map.)
\ I withdraw the motion.
I
j HARBOR AT ST. JOSEPH.
1 The Se.nate next proceeded, ds in Committee
; of the Whole, to consider the bill (S- No. 43)
' making an appropriation for completing the liar-
; bur at St. Joseph, in the State of Michigan, which
| proposes to appropriate $20,000 for the purpose,
i Mr. STUART. The estimate in reference to
j this improvement is $18,000, and was made in
i 18.~>3, " for continuing the improvement." As 1
! have stated before, my object is to complete theso
, works. This is a woi k for which appropriations
' have been made lor a great many years. It is
i at the mouth of one of the largest stieams in our
' State, and nearly opposite Chicago—a place of
' immense trade and commerce. The reason why
the committee placed the appropriation at £20,000
- instead of £18,000 is, that the $18,000 was esti-
i mated as an appropriation for the continuation,
' and not for the completion of the work. I pro-
| pose to appropriate $20,000 to complete the im-
j provement, which is to extend the piers. Upon
1 this subject, the documents sent here m lb'f>3 say:
u In the annual report on tin-harbor, dated September
19, o! ihe ptex-iit jear, tile a<i<. nt *<i> s: -The op< i ation.-*
of tin-* impiovement, for the pi e^eut senpon, have been di-
rected exclusively to repaum^ it> tw o pieie, the completion
