1856.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
217
34th Cong.... 1st Sess.
Marine Hospitals—Reform—Mr. Campbell, of Ohio.
Ho. op Reps.
sir, he says to the committee that he did not, be-
cause these freemen were afraid to ask the boon
of deliverance. They suffered on, and continue
to suffer; and he asks that they may be sent for
and brought here, in order that they may tell the
story of their wrongs to us; for they are still so
intimidated that they cannot tell it in Kansas.
This, then, is the picture. Fright drove them
from the polls! fright prevented them from com-
plaining to him '. and fright will keep them now
from telling the truth boldly in the Territory!
I ask, Mr. Speaker, if these men claim to be
the sons of revolutionary sires? I ask if the blood
of Warren and Hancock circulates in their veins?
No, sir; in my judgment, if the picture which
Governor Reeder has drawn of them be true, they
are the miserable spawn of the emigration aid
society. They are too craven, too spiritless, even
to be conductors on an underground railroad.
[Laughter.] Yet gentlemen gravely ask you to
bring these men here for the purpose of testifying,
and expect you to believe them. Suffering, as they
do, under an excessive timidity, you could only
get them to testify by slipping them into a com-
mittee-room, to tell the story of their wrongs in soft
whispers to the gentle ears of a committee. If I
believed the picture of their degradation, as drawn
by their representative, I would not believe them.
The man that submits to outrages and forbears to
complain, or to ask for redress from timidity,
ought not to be put upon the witness-stand, be-
cause he ought not to be believed. It requires
more boldness to speak the truth than these Kan-
sas witnesses seem to possess.
But, Mr. Speaker, I will say that I do not be-
lieve this account of any considerable portion of
the American people; 1 believe that it is a pic-
ture drawn and painted for effect; I believe it is
not faithful; it is a caricature. If the outrages
of which we hear were really perpetrated at the
polls in March, the people of Kansas would not
have suppressed their complaints, but would have
demanded redress. And now, sir, I doubt not i
that, if a commission is sent out to take their
depositions, they will tell the truth. If they are
the pusillanimous, abject creatures that this pic-
ture would have us believe they are, interference
is vain. The Governmentdid wrong to exchange
the Indians who possessed the country for such
men. Itwasabadtrade. [Laughter.] Better, far
better, would it have been to have left the broad
prairies, the beautiful woodlands, and purling
streams of that region to the sons of the forest,
than to have cursed it with such a race.
A few words more, sir, and I have done. The
only purpose declared by the memorial of Gov-
ernor Reeder for sending for persons is to prove
facts to invalidate the laws of the Kansas Legis-
lature. If I have succeeded in showing that the
proof is inadmissible for that purpose, because it
is not within our jurisdiction, then there is no
reason for sending for persons, and this motion
must fail. The memorial sets up no other demand
for parol testimony, except to show that the
Kansas Legislature was illegal, because of the
fraud and violence which prevailed at the election
of its members. It is true, sir, that he charges,
in his memorial, " that said pretended election
was not conducted even according to the forms
and mode prescribed by the supposed law which
purported to authorize it." By "pretended elec-
tion" he means the election of the sitting Dele-
gate. This charge looks as if parol testimony ,
was required to prove some departure from the
law regulating the election for Delegate. But you j
will see, in a following sentence, that he excuses j
himself from making specifications under this !
charge, " by reason that he has been unable to i
obtain from the executive office in said Tern- !
tory the necessary information, or any copies of j
the returns of said election." Thus showing,
unmistakably, that for legitimate objects persons
are not wanted from Kansas as witnesses. For
all purposes of legitimate inquiry he relies upon
information and records contained in the exec-
utive office. If, therefore, the House is of opinion
that we cannot go behind the Kansas law, and
examine into the election returns and qualifica-
tions of the members of the Kansas Legislature,
this application to send for persons is useless,
and must fail. To the sending for papers no one
objects.
MARINE HOSPITALS—REFORM.
SPEECH OP HON. LEWIS D.CAMPBELL,
OF OHIO,
In the House or Representatives,
March 3, 1856.
The House being in the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union, and having under consideration the
Deficiency bill,
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio, said:
Mr. Chairman: The honorable chairman of
the Committee on Commerce [Mr. Washborne,
of Illinois,] has made rather agrave charge against
the Committee of Ways and Means. He alleges
that we have usurped power in proposing a change
in the marine hospital system. He alleges that
no application has been made to us by petition
or otherwise. This charge has no foundation in
truth. If it were true, we might deserve this
reprimand from the Committee on Commerce,
and, perhaps, the censure of the House. The
House and the people may, however, be of the
opinion that the business of the Committee of
Ways and Means is to protect the Treasury of
the United States from every improper effort to
defraud the people, and to squander the public
money, without waiting for their petitions. But,
| sir, the gentleman is mistaken altogether, when
| he charges that we have had nothing before our
j committee upon which to predicate the measure
we have proposed.
Mr. dUlTMAN, (interrupting.) I rise to a
point of order. I believe that the honorable gen-
tleman from Ohio, the chairman of the Committee
of Ways and Means, himself made a motion to
restrict this discussion to one hour, against the
wishes of those who are opposed to this new
system of legislation. Is he, tnen, permitted now
to address the committee ?
The CHAIRMAN. By the rules of the House
he has an hour to close the debate.
Mr. QUITMAN. I hope the committee will
vote against the whole bill. I shall do so.
Mr. CAMPBELL, (resuming.) On this point
of usurpation, Mr. Chairman, in addition to the
facts stated by the honorable gentleman from
Virginia, [Mr. Letcher,] who has just taken his
seat—namely, that these estimates for the appro-
priation to marine hospitals have been referred
to us for consideration by the House—I would
say that, if gentlemen would look a little to the
public documents on the subject, they would see
that the reform proposed by this proviso under
consideration has been recommended to the atten-
tion of Congress by two Secretaries of the Treas-
ury. It has been pressed upon the consideration
of Congress by the two last reports of Secretary
Guthrie, as well as by his predecessor, Secretary
Cor win. I refer, in the first place, to the report
of the late Secretary in 1852, Ex. Doc., second
session Thirty-Third Congress, p. 18. He says:
" The Department recommends the continuance of the
appropriations for the relief of sick and disabled seamen
and boatmen, to the needful extent of supplying the defi-
ciency in the amount received from the hospital fund; but
it is not at present prepared to advise the erection of more
marine hospitals. The experience of the Department in-
duces me to believe that it is in every way preferable to
make an arrangement for the case of sick seamen with
local hospitals of high standing, which are under the imme-
diate and vigilant supervision of citizens of the highest re-
spectability at the respective places. Such arrangements
exist at New York, Philadelphia, Cincinnati, and at other
points, at a fixed weekly rate for each seaman—the cost of
which is greatly less than it would be in a public hospital,
and where the care and attention which the patients re-
ceive are fully equal to what they could possibly obtain in
a Government institution; and their medical treatment is
also under the direction of the most eminent professional
talent and experience. In all places where a similar ar-
rangement can be made, I am of opinion it should be pre-
ferred, rather than erect other marine hospitals in addition
to those authorized, as I believe both the comfort of the
sick and economy of expenditure would be promoted by the
adoption of the former plan."
The reform now provided in this bill was rec-
ommended by the late Administration, after an
elaborate investigation of all the facts.
Now, sir, to show that the present Adminis-
tration has again—very recently—brought this
subject to the attention of Congress, and that this
House has called on its Ways and Means Com- '!
mittee for action, as well as to meet the argument i
that the object of this proviso was to let out the j
"poor seaman "at contract, to the lowest bidder, j!
and thus degrade him, I will read what your'>
Secretary has said to us in reference to the sys-
tem contemplated by this clause of the bill. It
is his opinion that the change would insure better
attention, better provision, better physicians, bet-
ter everything necessary for the comfort of the
careworn ana disabled seamen than is provided
under the present corrupt and infamous system
of building marine hospitals, and then squander-
ing the public treasure for the purpose of sus-
taining sinecures in office.
I submit, first, an extract from Secretary Guth-
rie's report to the last session of Congress:
" The table (43) which accompanies this report exhibits
fifty-four places, including the marine hospitals, where
relief is afforded to sick aru disabled seamen, under the
direction of this Department., with the average cost per day
of each patient at the several places. It appears the average
cost is fair and reasonable at most of the places, but at
others it greatly exceeds what it should be. Every effort
has been made to bring the cost within fair and reasonable
limits; but the greatest discrepancies are found in those
places where there are but few patients to accommodate,
and where it has been found impossible to reduce the items
constituting the largest average in the expense, such as
compensation of surgeons, Sic."
By an order of the House, Secretary Guthrie's
last report on the state of the finances was referred
to the Committee of Ways and Means, of which,
against my wishes, as you know, Mr. Chairman,
I have the honor to be chairman. I read from it
for two purposes; first, to prove that the charge
against our committee of usurpation, made by
the gentleman from Illinois, [Mr. Washbcrne,]
from the Committee on Commerce, is unfounded;
secondly, to fortify our proviso which, for some
unexplained cause, he assails with so much
warmth. These extracts furnish facts worthy
of serious consideration:
" The report of William M. Gouge, who, under the au-
thority of the Department, visited the several marine hos-
pitals during the past summer, gives much valuable inform-
ation upon the subject; and the table No. 53, made out
from the hospital returns, exhibits the number of sick sail-
ors who have received the benefit of the marine hospital
fund, and the pro rata expense at each. It seems to be
unquestionable, that hospitals have been, and are to be
constructed under appropriations now made, at places
where such sailors could have been as well, and more eco-
nomically provided for under contracts with local hospitals
: and individuals, as now done at the cities of New York
j Philadelphia, and some other places." '
I " Tne collectors at the several ports where there are hos-
! pitals under the directions of the Department superintend
I the hospitals, and their supply, and the care that is taken
I of the sick; and, where the United States have no hospitals,
: make contracts with local hospitals, or with individuals,
and superintend them in the same way they superintend
the marine hospitals of the United States. The contracts
with local hospitals and individuals are to furnish every-
thing necessary for the care, comfort, support, and medical
treatment of the sick at so much per capita. It is recom-
mended to the consideration of Congress, whether the eon-
tract system might not be advantageously extended to many
places where the United States have hospitals, allowing the
contractor to use the hospital, with the right to the uni-
ted States to terminate the contract at will, on the report
of the collector of the port, or some other visitor appointed
by the Secretary of the Treasury. If Congress should deem
expedient an extension of the contract system as recom-
mended, there should be a law providing for it. The table
showing the expenses of thesick at the several hospitals,will
point out the places where the contracts ought to be made."
It is here sftotfn that disabled seamen are " better
provided for" where the Government has no hos-
Eitals than at the points where millions of dollars
ave been expended to construct them. There
is a long list of places—and Galena may be of
those—where appropriations have been made to
purchase sites for hospitals, and where, in all hu-
man probability, according to the report of the
Secretary of the Treasury, better accommodations
can be provided without such expenditure. And
I appeal to gentlemen who insist on appropriations
for buildings to inform us how they justify their
course in the face of the facts annually sent here
from the Treasury Department? Why refuse
acting upon them, and voting for the proviso
reported by the Committee of Ways and Means,
unless you are willing to squander the people's
money ? Why these assaults upon the Committee
of Ways and Means for proposing reform and
economy ?
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Did the gen-
tleman make any point about Galena ?
Mr. CAMPBELL. I do not make any point
about Galena, except that which I make generally
to the system. It has grown into a great wrong.
Galena is one of the places alluded to by the Sec-
retary, no doubt,where he says, in substance, that
we could have got along better without providing
a Government hospital.
