1828
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 29,
of which will nearly, if not entirely, exhaust the present
appropriation.' This appropriation is $10,000.
"Again, he says: 'After these repairs are finished,to
perfect tiie improvement of this harbor a further extension
of the south pier will be required;7 ami he recommends
six hundred feet as a maximum length;' still leaving the
north pier standing fuither out into the lake, by two hun-
dred and seventy-five feet; and as the windward pier, or
the one auciin&t which the drift at this point accumulates,
it should have the greater length. In the above views of the
agent t#e board concurs."
It occupies some two or three pages of the re-
port, but the substance of it I have read in a few
.words. I have stated the reason why the com-
mittee recommended the addition of $2,000 to
what was offered as an annual appropriation, and
insist that a contract shall be made to complete
the work for that sum.
Mr. BIGGS. If I understood the reading of
this bill—I wish to call the attention of the Sena-
tor from Michigan to it—the principle on which
it is based is different from those which we have
been passing recently.
Mr. STUART. I think not.
Mr. BIGGS. I heard no proposition in the
bill, as read, that this work shall be done by con-
tract.
Mr. STUART. That is true. The simple
language of the bill is for completing the piers.
Mr. BIGGS. If I understood the object of
cxitting down the estimates in the other cases
which we have recently passed, it was because it
was believed $50,000, would do more work by
contract than $160,000 spent under the direction
of the engineer department. This bill changes
that principle. The object of the other bills was,
I suppose, to economize in doing these works.
This bill changes the principle and now provides j
that the War Department shall go on with the ;
work. Instead of cutting down m tins case, we ;
have an increase of $2,000 on the estimate ol'the
War Department. j
Mr. STUART. The Senator is correct. There 1
are two bills, according to my recollection, winch \
stand on the same footing—the harbor of St. j
Joseph, on Lake Michigan, on one side of the |
State; and the harbor at Monroe, on Lake Erie, on i
the other. They are nearly completed, and it is 1
believed this sum will complete the piers. If the .
Senate prefers to go according to the estimate, I >
am willing to strike out §20,000 and insert §18,000. j
Mr. DOUGLAS. On this harbor I shall feel]
bound to vote for the appropriation. It is the i
next one north of New Buffalo, which we voted '
down, and it is at the mouth of a large river, ■
where a great deal of trade cuncentiutec-. There-
fore it is as well entitled to an appropi iation as
any point on theeastem shore of Lake Michigan. ■
The fact of voting down the appropriation for !
New Buffalo, where I really think a harbor c;m- '
not be made, renders the next point north of it 1
more important to commerce than it would other- ;
wise be, bccausc there is a longer space between i
the harbors. This is thirty miles north of New '
Buffalo, and from its position, and the trade it ■
commands, I think it as suitable a point as any i
on the Lake for improvement, and therefore I j
shall vote for the bill without hesitation. j
Mr. CLAY. I call the attention of the Senate !
to the fact that, according to the estimate of this :
agent, Mr. Bowes, the sum of $36,523 52 is re- i
quisite to complete this improvement. Eighteen 1
thousand dollars was the appropriation recom- i
mended for the fiscal year. The Senator from :
Michigan proposes to appropriate $20,000 for the
completion of the hai bor; that is $10,523 less than
we arc assured by the agent is requisite for its ,
completion. In the cases which were passed,
where it was proposed to let these woiks to con-
tractors, I could understand what was expected
by the comm ittee in proposing loss than the amount
required by the estimates. I suppose there they
expected that individual capital would combine
with the General Government m making tiie im-
provements; but as 1 understand thislnli, the i
work is not to be done by private contract, but it '
is to be done by the Government, and the Secre- '
tary of War has no election m the matter what- .
ever. _ The terms of the bill are absolute. He j
is obliged to expend the money, whether it will
complete the harbor or not, and we are assured :
by the estimate that it will require $16,523 more !
than is proposed to be appropriated. j
lhe bill was reported to the Senate without \
amendment, !
Mr. MASON. What is the amount now pro-
posed to be appropriated ?
The Secretary. Twenty thousand dollars.
Mr. MASON. Read the concluding part of it.
The Secretary read the following:
"Twenty thousand dollars, to be expended under the
direction of the War Department in completing the harbor
at St. Joseph, m the State of Michigan."
Mr. MASON. Well, sir, if I correctly under-
stand the report of this board of engineers to
which the Senator from Michigan has referred
us, that sum of $20,000 is inadequate for the
completion of this harbor in the mode proposed.
That report says:
" In the annual report on this harbor, dated September
19, of the present year, the agent says: 'The operations of
this improvement for the present season have been directed
exeliiMvely to repairing its two pieis, the completion of
which will neaiJy, if not entuely, exhaust the pieseut ap-
propnation ' This appropriation is <$10,000. Again, he says:
c Alter these repairs are finished, to perfect the improve-
ment of tiie hai bor a further extension of the south pier will
be required; and he recommends six hundred feet as a max-
imum length; still leaving the north pier standing further out
m the lake, by two hundred and seventy-fiva,feet; and as the
windward pier, or the one against which the drift at this
point accumulates, it should have the greater length. In the
above view2? of the agent the boaid concms. II is estimate for
tiie extension is 5-i; butas it would call tor the con-
stiuction, putting in position, and liniahmg off, twenty
cubs of thirty feet in a .single season, the boaid deems it
advisable, particulaily in view of the large amount of the
estimate, to confine the appropriation at present to the ex-
tension of the pier for half that distance—namely, three
bundled feet—which, assuming the same rate for lineal
measure given m the estimate, would require an appiopna-
tion of $18,162, or say, as m the maigm, £18,000.<"
Then if I correctly understand the report of
the agent, it declares that it is necessary to extend
these piers out into the lake a distance of six
hundred feet. The board concurs in that view
of the agent; but the board says that, inasmuch
as the estimate is large at any rate, and as they
could not providently spend the whole amount
in a single season, they propose only to carry out
the extension for one half the distance, three
hundred feet, for one half the sum, $18,000. Now
in the present mode of legislating for these inter-
nal improvements of these lakes and harbors, the
bill provides that it shall only go the distance of
three hundred feet—a distance not recommended
by the board of engineers, and that they shall
expend upon it to complete it the sum of $20,000
in lieu of $18,000, when the board recommends
only this reduced appropriation, brcausfc a larger
sum could not providently be expended.
Then, if I correctly understand it, the bill repu-
diates the recommendation of the board of offi-
cers, and declares that the work shall be complet-
ed for $20,000, extending the piers three hundred
feet, when the board of oilieers say it is necessary
to extend them six hundred feet at a cost of
$36,000. I ask the honorable Senator from Mich-
igan if I have given a correct exposition ?
Air. STUART. I will say to the Senator that
I think he has. The committee differ with him
in opinion. We think that $20,000 will complete
these piers to a sufficient length to make a secure
harbor. That is our opinion; and certainly,if it
shall turn out to be right, we shall save the bal-
ance of the $36,000 to the Government.
Mr. MASON. Now, Mr. President, can it be
possible that the Senate of the United States,
consisting of sixty-two gentlemen, if they were
all here, are competent to devise this mode of
improvement by constructing harbors upon the
lakes, from such information as we casually
glean from each other, and from gentlemen who
live m the neighborhood who are not conversant
practically or scientifically with such works, but
who tell ushcre, tune after time and bill after bill,
"'We ask you to repudiate and discredit the oifi-
cers of the Government who aie responsible for
those estimates, and take our conjectures'"
That is exactly the state of things. Sir, if this
work is to be done, let it be done properly, like
any expenditure of a provident and careful, or
thrifty man, in private life. Let the work be done
properly. Here these engineers, and the board
of officers—who, if we can get people at all to be
confided in, must be trusted in such matters—tell
us the piers ought to be six hundred ieet, at a
cost of >36,000; and their whole work is repudi-
ated by gentlemen, who come with scraps of
information, picked up by hearsay, or from their
own unenlightened observation. I do not mean
it disparagingly, for they cannot understand the
subject  
Mr. STUART. The Senator will allow me to
interfere with him for a moment. I am willing
to meet his proposition. He may change the
language, and make it" for continuing the harbor,
$18,000," or he may take it " for completing the
harbor, §36,000," and I will agree to either. I
wiil take the estimate in either way he chooses.
Mr. MASON. The suggestion of the honor-
able Senator is perfectly in keeping with the whole
scheme reported by him for expending the public
money on these internal improvements. He
agrees to adopt any suggestion I may make,
when he must know that I am necessarily igno-
rant of the whole subject, practically, and unable
to make a suggestion.
Mr. STUART. But my proposition is to take
the estimate for continuing the improvement.
Mr. MASON. The Senator says, tint if X
would propose to give $10,000 he would putitin.
Mr. STUART. No, sir; I will amend it, and
make it, " for continuing the improvement,
$18,000;" or, I will strike out "$20,000," and
insert " $36,000," and let it remain for " com-
pleting" the harbor. That will meet the estimate
exactly.
Mr. MASON. Then it is still a fair, clear,
and legible exposition of the views taken by those
who ask the expenditures for the purpose of
making these improvements. The Senator is
willing to take $18,000, or $36,000, or anything
in the world, I suppose, that will occupy the
people at work there for a period of time.
Mr. STUART. No, sir.
Mr. MASON. How else are we to under-
stand ?
Mr. STUART. 1 dislike to interrupt the Sen-
ator. He must stand by his own argument. He
is arguing against the committee bccausc they dif-
fer with the Government officers, and he insists
that the committee is wrong, because they differ.
1 say I will adopt his argument, and take the
statement of the Government officers.
Mr. MASON. If the honorable Senator is
prepared to take my argument, or if he is pre-
pared to take the recommendation of this board,
why was it not done m the original bill ? We
wantsoniething perfected. We who are necessari-
ly uninformed about the subject, want something
on which we can repose an enlightened judgment
in the expenditure of this money. 1 am adducing
it only for the puipose of showing to the Senate,
and 1 trust to the country, the way in which these
improvements are carried on piecemeal, when it
seems to be conceded that you cannot do it as
a general system. Here each bill presents its
own aspect of the mode in which it is proposed
to make these improvements, at this immense
cost to the nation. We had before us yesteiday,
a case where the estimate was for $160,000, and
they said, "We will do the work for $50,000;"
and when it was for $105,000, uWe will do the
work for $50,000." Now, when the engineers re-
port that, to do the work, you must make piers
of a certain length, as a matter of course that
ought to be known, and can be known only to
those who, by profession and experience and
long practice, are conversant with these subjects
—the committee say we will make them three
hundred feet long, and treat that as sufficient. X
am not competent to say, from any knowledge
of my own, whether the committee is light, or
whether the board of engineers is right; but cer-
tainly, reasoning as men must reason on subjects
where they trust others for information, I take
the board of engineers. What I say to the Sen-
ate, and I hope to the country, is, that in this
mode ot making these improvements on the lakes,
the committee bring m a bill repudiating again
the e&'imate of the responsible officers of the
Government, and undertaking to say that the
work which they prescribe is not necesary, but
that the woik which we prescribe will answer the
purpose.
Sir, any practical man upon his plantation
would not have his work done in that way. If
he wants to build a house or a barn, or to con-
struct a wheat machine, or any other matter be-
longmg to the mechanical arts to which he is not
competent, he gets a fit man to make estimates,
and show him how the work is to be done. But
what would you think of the owner of a planta-
tion if he were to say, "Well, Mr. Workman, I
discard your estimates. You estimate a wheat
machine which will cost $2,000. I discard that,
