228
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 14,
good to-the people of the United States the pro-
hibition for v/hich the southern States contracted
and received a consideration. I am for the suo-
stantial restoration of the prohibition as it has
existed since 1820.
Here are several questions in regard to slavery
in the District of Columbia and the modification
vf the tariff laws as they now exist. I stand here
ready and desirous and determined to cooperate
with the men of tlie United States who are for the
substantial restoration of the prohibition of the
institution of slavery in the Territories of Kansas
and Nebraska. I am ready to act with men of
any parly and of any views for the accomplish-
ment of this great end. I shall ask no man with
whom I shall cooperate tn this matter what he
thinks of the abolition of slavery in the District
of Columbia, or what he thinks, or shall do on
the tariff question.
In my view of the politics of this country
these questions ere not in issue; and, sir, inas-
much as I propose to ask no opinions of those
wick whom I cooperate, upon such questions
apart from the great political issues of this coming
year,so, sir,Xsay, that Ihave no opinions myself
to pronounce. That, Mr. Clerk, is my answer.
Mr. FULLER, of Pennsylvania. Air. Clerk,
I shall answer the questions specifically and di-
rectly, reserving to myself the privilege of more
full explanation hereafter.
<;Aie you m favor of restoring the Missoun leptriotion,
or do you i^o foi tlie entne ptolnbition of slavery m ail the
Terntoues of the United States
I am opposed to any legislation upon those sub-
jects for reasons already given.
"Are you in favor of abol^hin^ slavery in the District
of Columbia and the United tftatOi.- fort*, dock-yaids, &c?"
I am not, sir.
" Do yon believe in the equality of the white and black
races in the United States, and do you wish to promote
that equality bv ioyi-kition ?"
I do not, sir. I acknowledge a decided prefer-
ence for white people. [Laughter.]
"Are you In favor of the entire exciu.-ion of adopted
citizens and Roman Catholic* from oiliee
[Cries of "Yes or 110!" and iau^lifor,]
Mr. Clerk, I think with General Washington —
and he is a very high authority—that it does not
comport with (lie policy of this country to ap-
pointforci^nerM to oiiieu to the exclusion of native-
born citizen,s. [Loud applause in the galleries.]
} ut I wish to say that 1 proscribe no man be-
eaupoofhis religion; 1 denounce no man because
of his polities. I accord to all the largest liberty
of opinion and of expression, of conscience
and of worship. I care not, sir, what creed a
man may piofess; I care not to what denomina-
tion he may belong; be he Mohammedan, Jew,
or Gentile, i conceile to him the right to worship
according to the dictates of his own judgment.
X invade no mail's altar, and would not disturb
any man's vested rights. Whatever wo have
been, whatever we are", and whatever we may be,
rests between us and Heaven. 1 allow 110 mortal
to be my mediator; and, judging no man, will
by no man be judged. With regard to those o±
foreign birth, i do not desire to exclude them.
I say to tlu-m: "Come, enter upon the public
lands; occupy the. public territory; build up for
yourselves homes, acquire property, and teach
your children to love the Constitution and laws
which protect them;'' but I dos ay that in all mat-
ters of legislation, and 111 all matters of adminis-
tration, Jlmcricans should govern Jlmctica.
"■ Do you favor the modifi";<Uon of the tanfF now
that you did Lt the last bCssion ot Consie.-;
I was not a member of the last Congress; and
all that I wotild now ask upon the subject of the
tariff is, 41 to be let alone."
BALLOT FOR SPEAKER.
The Hons-"' then proceeded to vote the one hun-
dred and eurhth time for speaker, with the fol-
lowing rest1 if: Whole number oi votes cast, 207:
necessary to a choice, 104; of which—
Nathaniel P. Bank* received  94
Vviihcim A. Richard.-oii  G9
ile.ny M. ruiSyr  «>-*
Alexander C AL Pennington  7
John WiilittJii".   1
Gilchrist Porter  1
I-ieniy Dennett    1
So there was no choice.
The following is the vote in detail:
For Mr, Banks—Me?sr^. Albright, Allison, Bail, Baibour,
Henry Bennett, Benson, Bingham, Bliss, Brad&haw, Buf-
fi «ton, Burlin«?ame, James II. Campbell, Lewis D. Camp-
bell, Chaffee, dawson, Colfax, Comm.?, Ciagm, Cumback,
Daimell. Timothy Davj?, Day, Dean, l)e Wat, Dick, Dick-
son, Dodd, Durfee, Edie, Emrie, Flagler, Galloway, Gid-
diugs, Gilbeit, Granger, Giow. Jiobuit B, Hall, Harlan,
Ilollnway, Thomas T«\ T-Iorton, Valentine B. Morton, How-
aid, llughston, Kelscy, King, Kriapp, Kmsht, Knowlton,
Knox, Leiter, Mace, Matte Jon, McCarty, Meacham, Mor-
gan, Morrill, Nichols, Norton, Andrew Oliver, Paik^r,
Pearce, Pelton, Pennington, Pcttit, Pike, Prmglc, Ptuvi-
ance, Ritchie, Robbm-;, Robit-on, Sabtn, Sage, Sapp, Piiei-
man, Simmons, Spinner, Stanton, Smmahan, Tappm,
Thormgton, Thurston, Todd, Ty?on, Wade, Walbudjre,
Watdron, Cadwalader C. Wa&hhurne, Elhhu B. Wash-
burne, Istael Washburn, Wat on, Welch, Wood, Wood-
ruff, and Woodwoith.
JPar Mr. Richarthon—Messrs. Aiken, Allen, Baiclay,
Barkadale, Bell, Ilendley S. Bennett, Bocoek, Bowie,
Boyce, Branch, Burnett, Cadwalader, Oaiuthers, Caslae,
Chngman, Howell Cobb, Williamson R. W. Cobb, Craige,
Davidson, Denver, Dowdell, Edmund^on, Elliott, English,
Faulkner, Florence, Thomas J. D. Fuller, Goode, Green-
wood, Augustus Hall, Sampson W. Hams, Thomas L.
Harris, Herbert, Hickman, Houston, Jewen, George W.
Jones, Keitt, Kellv, Kidwell, Letchei, Lumpkin, Samuel
S. Marshall, Maxwell, MeMuilin, IVIcUueen. Smith Miller,
Millson, Mordecai Oliver, Orr, Peck, Phelps, Powell,
Quitman, {tufFiu,Rust,Sandidge, Savage, Samuel A. Smith,
William Smith, Stephens, Stewart, Talbott, Vail, War-
nei, Watkins, Wmslow, Daniel B. Wright, and John V.
Wright.
For Mr. Fuller—Messrs. Broom, John P. Campbell, Cav-
lile, Cox, Cuilen, Henry Winter Davis.Ethendge, Eustis,
Evansj Fo\tcr, J. Morrison Harris, Hoffman, Kcnnctt,
Lake, Lindley, Humphiev Marshall, Alexander K. Mar-
shall, Milhvard, Paine, Porter, Puryear, Reado, Ready, Ri-
enud, lliveiH, William It. Smith, Sneed, Swope, Trippe,
Underwood, Valk, Walker, Whitney, and Zoihcoffer.
Fa Mi - Pennington—Messrs. P.iyhop, Dunn, Edwards,
Hairirion, IJaven, Moore, and Scott.
! For Mr. WWuim\—Mi.Wheclei. #
For Mr. Potter—Mr Henry M. Fuller.
for Mr. Bennett—Mr. Urenton.
Mr. KEITT (when his name was called) said:
I The House will remember the somewhat unpleas-
! ant discussion yesterday between the gentleman
I from New York [Mr. Sage] and myself. It is
! contrary to my character and habits to impugn
j the motives of any one, or to inflict discourtesy
I on any one. It is equally foreign to my habits
! to do injustice to any one. I wish now to say,
j after glancing over the, report of what took place,
, that I somewhat misapprehended tile language
: of the gentleman from New York; and 1 see also
■ that the interrogatory which I propounded to him
' might be liable to misconstruction, or, rather, bo
regarded as harsh and discourteous. 1 wish to
disclaim that entirely. The language I used af-
terwards was meant to be harsh, but I sec nothing
on which to (build it; and now, without any ap-
plication having been made to me, I very chcer-
! fully express, both to the grni'eman from New
! York and to the House, my regret for having
used it. I vote for Mr. Ihon\i:dson.
; Mr. SAGE. 1 am peifectly satisfied with the
j explanation of the gentleman from South Caro-
! lina. I regretted the occurrence of yesterday, and
I I wish to say, m addition, that 1 have had the
j pleasure of the gentleman's acquaintance for two
I years, and there is no gentleman in this House
i for whom I entertain a higher respect than I do
i for him.
! Mr. NICHOLS (when his name was called)
' said; ( desire to state, that Mr. Mott is absent
from the city upon urgent business, and for that
reason is not present to vote.
Mr. RICHARDSON said; I have paired off
i for the day with Mr. Mott, and therefore decline
to vote.
i Mr. TAYLOR also announced that he had
1 paiivd off with a gentli-Tian from New York.
; Mr. PEARCE stated that Mr. Traftos was
detained from the Hous" through sickness.
! Mr. EDIE. 1 move the House do now ad-
journ.
The question was put, and the motion was
agreed to.
The House accordingly (at three o'clock) ad-
journed till Monday, at twelve o'clock, m.
IN SENATE.
Monday, January 14, 1S5G.
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. J1 ev C. Dean.
The Journal of Thursday last was read and
approved.
ADJOURNMENT TO THURSDAY.
On motion by Mr. STUART, it was
Ordered, Tliatwtien the Senate adjourn*, it be to meet on
Thuisdaj next.
Mr. HUNTER. I move that the Senate ad-
journ. I think (if 1 may be allowed to say a
word) that the Senate should be consistent with
itsell". We should either do no legislative busi-
ness, as is according to precedent, until the House
shall be organized, or we should do niuch more
than we have done. Por tho purpose of taking
the sense of the Senate on that subject, I move
that the Senate do now adjourn.
The motion was agreed to, and the Senate
adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Monday, January 14, 1856.
The House was called to order by the Clerk at
twelve o'clock m.
The Journal ofSaturday was read and approved
BIBLES IN THE CONGRESSIONAL LIBRARY.
Mr. TRAPTON. I desire the attention of tho
House but for a moment only. I was detained at
home by sickness on Saturday last, but in look-
ing over the proceedings of tho House of that
day, my eye lit upon some remarks reported to
have been uttered by the honorable gentleman
from Ohio, [M r. Campbell.] Now, sir, I do not
often take notice of what newspapers say, be-
cause newspaper reports are not always reliable.
But I exceedingly regret that the gentleman from
Ohio should have felt bound, in congressional
parlance, to inform the country of the fact that
there was no copy of the Bible in the Congres-
sional Library. In the report which I have
before me, I find the following report of his re-
marks;
" lie [Mi. Campbell] had a scrap-book, from which he
wished to read foi thor infoimation. It contained the Demo-
cratic platform m 183-3—winch was slavery, and in 1852 both
parties baid thoie should he no nsuation of slaveiy. He
held in his* hand two platforms which lie appioved of, the
Constitution and Declaiation of Independence.
" lie would have had a Bible in order to read the platform
thai 111 ancient tune was made m the mountains of Judea,
but «aul there was none to lie found in the Congressional
Libiary; there was one, but it had been removed to make
place tor the works of Eugene Sue.,J
Now, Mr. Clerk, if the gentleman is correctly
reported, I exceedingly regret that the announce-
ment should be made to this country arid to_ the
world that the Congressional Library of the Uni-
ted States of America contained no copy of the
II*!jy Scriptures.
IV] r. CAMPBELL, of Ohio, (interrupting.) I
would say to the gentleman 
Mr. TRAFTON. If the gentleman is not cor-
rectly reported, I have nothing more to say.
Mr. CAMPBELL. From what paper does
the gentleman road?
Mr. TRAFTON.
Organ, of this city.
Mr. CAMPBELL
accuracy in the report.
I am reading from tho
I think there is some in-
"What I intended to say,
and what I did say according to the report of the
Congressional Globe, was, that I understood there
was no copy of the Scriptures there; and I will
inform the gentleman of my authority, as I did
not go to the library myself, nor did I send, it
will be remembered that some days ago, in a dis-
cussion between the honorable gentleman from
Kentucky [Mr. Cox] end the honorable gentle-
man from Indiana, [Mi. Duks,] there were vari-
ous quotations made from Divine Writ. In a
conversation with a gentleman, I understood him
to say that he had sent to the Congressional
Library for a Bible, and that there was none to bo
had there. Upon that authority I said what I
did, jocularly.' 1 will now say I am very happy
to make the correction, and say that we were
both mistaken. I am glad there is a good supply,
because I think this Congress has great cause to
resort frequently to that work. [Laughter.]
Mr. GALLOWAY. I can relieve the gentle-
men's anxiety as to the spiritual destitution of
the Congressional Library. I can inform them
that there is a Jhble in that library.
Mr. FLORENCE. If the gentleman from
Massachusetts [Mr. Trafton] will permit me, I
will inform him that there is a copy of the Book
upon the Speaker's table. 1 have consulted it very
ofu n, and, if tho gentleman feels anxious, he can
have the same opportunity.
Mr. TRAFTON. I did not think, upon tho
foundation of common report, that the country
should be misled in so important a matter as
that.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I take it all back. [Laugh-
ter.]
