218
(APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[March 3,
34th Cong.... 1st Sess. Marine Hospitals—Reform—Mr. Campbell, of Ohio.
Ho. of Reps.
Mr. WASHBURNE. Congress may think
differently.
Mr. CAMPBELL. But Congress may not
continue to think differently when they come to
look into and examine thoroughly the facts on
■which this proviso is based. Congress may not
always deem it proper to throw away these large
sums of money to build hospitals, which only tend
to furnish inferior attention to sick seamen at an
increased current expense to the Treasury. Con-
gress may not be willing to keep open the vaults
of the Treasury to this wanton waste of the
public moneys.
I now call the attention of the committee to an
extract in the same report of the Secretary of the
Treasury, from the letter of Mr. William M.
Gouge, who i0as appointed last year to visit and
examine into the hospitals, and report upon the
system:
" In some towns there appears to be a desire, on the part j
of some of the inhabitants, to have marine hospitals erected,
not because they are actually wanted for the relief of sick
sailors or sick boatmen, but simply that additionnl sums of
public money may be there expended. If this feeling is not
checked, we shall have sinecure surgeons, sinecure stew-
ards, sinecure matrons, and sinecure nurses without num-
ber. We have too many such already. The whole surplus
revenue will not suffice, if the public money is to be ex-
pended in certain localities, not because the public good
requires it, but for the enrichment of individuals."
It seems, therefore, that after you build some
of these hospitals they are converted into homes
for sinecure-surgeons, sinecure nurses, sinecure
matrons, &c., holding fat offices, and drawing
money from the pockets of the people and your
seamen, without rendering service.
For illustration, take Natchez. The marine
hospital there cost the Government $70,000; and
it appears, from a table just received from the De-
partment, that there was not a single disabled
seaman there during the year; yet we have paid
there for " nursing and boarding," for that time,
<4,791! "Nursing and boarding" who? No-
body !—unless it be the nurses themselves!
Mr. "VVASHBURNE. From what statement
is the gentleman reading?
Mr. CAMPBELL. F rom one that has not yet
been printed—from the Treasury Department,
and now before me; and which I will have printed
with the report of my remarks. (See appendix.)
Mr. WASHBURNE. Will the gentleman tell
me how much has been collected and paid in at
that port from the seamen ?
Mr. CAMPBELL. It makes no difference
how much was collected and paid in there. I
lay bare the wanton profligacy of the expenditure,
to enforce the necessity of the proviso under dis-
cussion.
Mr. WASHBURNE. There were more than
#4,000 paid in at that port.
Mr. CAMPBELL. That only makes the in-
justice of the system more glaring. Was it right i
to compel the seamen there to pay $4,000 to board I
and nurse nobody 1
This system of raising a fund from the seamen '
by taxing them under pretense that it is for the
support of the sick and disabled, to the amount
of twenty cents a month upon each sailor, and dis-
bursing it in this manner, is a flagrant wrong,
which it is my-duty to expose. The system of
requiring seamen to pay to this fund commenced
as far back as 1798. There was collected under
it from the sailors, during the last fiscal year,
about $149,000, and noy we are called upon to ap-
propriate a deficiency of $150,000 more, making
in all about $300,000. Yet, sir, we find that the
funds.thus appropriated from the Treasury, and
drawn from the pockets of the hardy sailor, are,
in part, expended at Natchez, and other points,
for boarding surgeons, for boarding matrons, and
nursing nurses!
Mr. Q.U1TMAN. If the gentleman will allow
me, I will state that the sum to which he alludes
was provided at Natchez for the benefit of the
hardy seamen and boatmen of the western States.
Mr. CAMPBELL. The gentleman from Mis-
sissippi fails to observe the point which I make.
It is that, after we have expended $70,000 in build-
ing a house at Natchez, $4,700 is the amount
of expenses for the last year, drawn from the
Treasury and the seamen's fund, to board and
nurse nobody, unless it be these sinecure surgeons,
sinecure matrons, and sinecure nurses alluded to
in the Secretary's report. I should like the gen-
tleman from Mississippi, or any other gentleman,
to point me to the page of the public records con-
nected with this system of marine hospitals where
I can find that this $4,700 was expended for the
I relief of sick or disabled seamen.
Mr. QUITMAN. Will the honorable chair-
man of the Committee of Ways and Means allow
me a word of explanation ?
Mr. CAMPBELL. Certainly; for 1 wish to
obtain light upon this important matter.
_ Mr. QlUITmAN. If it were an original ques-
tion as to the building of these hospitals, I should
probably agree with the gentleman; but why
should we now inquire into the expediency or
necessity of these appropriations ? They have
ij been made. They nave been expended. The
amount necessary for the construction of these
! hospitals has been expended by Congress. That
I is past, and we can hfve control over it. The
objection I make is to this indirect attempt to
; change the whole system, by incorporating this
j provision with a deficiency bill. The only mat-
ter for the Committee of Ways and Means appro-
Sriately to inquire into was, as to what ought to
e expended under past legislation.
I am as much opposed as the gentleman from
Ohio to the expenditure of a single dollar where-
ever such expense is unnecessary; but at the same
time I wish to state that, while I am not well in-
formed as to the particulars of the marine hospital
at Natchez, I am satisfied that whatever has been
expended there has been honestly expended, and
expended with a view to the public good.
Mr. CAMPBELL. The documents do not so
inform us.
Mr. DUNN. I wish to know, if the gentleman
, from Ohio will allow me to interrupt him, whether
| the effect of this proposition which we have
i under consideration will not be to hire out these
! hospitals upon a sort of private speculation ? If
that is to be the effect, then I ask, whether it is
■i right or proper that a public charity should be
thus farmed out, subjecting those who are to be
the objects of it to the danger of being neglected,
from motives of gain in those to whom it is pro-
posed to deliver over our sick seamen on con-
tract? Cupidity is doubtless the secret of the
present abuses; what guarantee have we that the
proposed change will not display that depravity
of our nature in a far worse form ?
Mr. PHELPS. With the permission of the
gentleman from Ohio, I desire to make a remark
just at this point.
Mr. CAMPBELL. Let me first answer the
gentleman-from Indiana, [Mr. Ddnn.1 I have
already shown that two Secretaries of the Treas-
ury, for good cause, have recommended the very
system contemplated in this proviso which gen-
tlemen oppose. And by the way of illustrating
the advantages which would probably follow the
adoption of it, I would refer to the marine hos-
pital at Charleston, South Carolina. There were
$40,000 expended for the construction of an hos-
pital at that point. The cost of maintaining the
patients at Charleston is only sixty-nine cents
the day, and the average current cost the day at
the points where hospitals have been built, and
stewards, surgeons, &c., employed by Govern-
ment, is two dollars and three cents. The Govern-
ment has made an arrangement at Charleston, as
I understand, with softie association, or with the
municipal authorities of the city, by which they
occupy the hospital building andprovide for our
disabled seamen at that rate. The experiment
proves that the system is one of economy to the
Government and beneficial to seamen. The ex-
pense at Charleston is only one third the average
cost of supporting seamen at all the other points
where we have constructed these hospitals. Gen-
tlemen seem to have their sympathies much exer-
cised by the fear of the contract system, under
which our sick seamen would be delivered over
to the dangers of the contractor's cupidity. Gen-
tlemen should post themselves up, before they
these assaults upon the committee and the
bill. Why, sir, the reportoftheSecretary, which
was laid on our desks on the first Monday of De-
ra?1 £ ' wiU show my friend from Indiana,
|Mr. Dunn,] and all others who will look into it,
that more than one half of your sick seamen are
now provided for under this contract arrange-
ment. Your executive officers assure us they are
thus better provided for than under the other
system.
Mr. TAYLOR, (Mr. Campbell yielding for
explanation.) Let me say a word in relation to
the city of New Orleans. The appropriation
which has been heretofore made by Congress for
the erection of an hospital there has not yet been
expended. The building of the hospital to be
erected has not yet even been begun; but there are
circumstances connected with the position of that
city, and the situation of the seamen who happen
there, which would,in my opinion, render item-
inently impolitic and unjust to adopt this proviso.
I have been in the city ofNewOrleans during the
years ofepidemic. I passed the whole of the years
1853 and 1854 in that city, when, it is known to
the whole community, the yellow fever prevailed
there with unprecedented violence. In that city
there is, and has been in existence for many
years, an hospital that has not its equal in the
world; I mean the Charity Hospital—an institu-
tion maintained under the State authority. In
that hospital there are accommodations for from
eleven to twelve hundred patients at a time; and I
have no hesitation in asserting that more sick per-
sons receive medical attendance and careful nursing
every year there than in any similar institution
upon the earth. Yet, notwithstanding that fact
notwithstanding there is also a marine hospital—
in the city—and notwithstanding there are a num-
ber of private hospitals in addition to those—in
the years of epidemic to which I have alluded,
the accommodations, extensive as they were,
were insufficient; and it was then found necessary
for the municipal authorities to make arrange-
ments for the establishment of temporary hos-
pitals at an extraordinary expense, in order to
afford some assistance, imperfect and inadequate
though it necessarily was, to those who would
otherwise have been left to suffer and die with-
out succor of any kind.
I mention these facts because they are within
my own knowledge; and I am persuaded they
ought to be taken into consideration, if members
wish to vote properly on the proviso under con-
sideration.
For my own part, I cannot but think that the
provisoes contained in the bill should be rejected
at once, upon the single ground that it is wrong in
principle to attempt to legislate upon any original
question of public policy under the circumstances
in which we are now placed. The act before us
is one taken up in an unusual manner, and out of
the ordinary course of legislation, because of exi-
gencies in the public service growing out of the
fact that the appropriations made by the last Con-
gress were not sufficient to meet the expenditures
; authorized by larw for the _ current fiscal year.
The act itself is entitled, in ordinary parlance
here, the " deficiency bill." This name imports
that its object and design is simply to supply
"deficiencies" in the appropriations heretofore
made for various objects of expenditure in cases
before authorized by law. That such deficiencies
must be supplied out of the Treasury, is univer-
sally admitted; and as there neither is, or can be,
usually, any other question than that as to the
fact of the existence of the different deficiencies, the
passage of such acts, when reported by the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means, has become a matter
of course under a suspension of the rules, because
it is expected that no question of policy can arise
with respect to the appropriations proposed for
such an object. This usage is the result of a
general understanding that the " deficiency bills"
shall contain nothing but provisions to supply
existing deficiencies. The provisoes under con-
sideration are departures from the understanding
referred to; and they should be struck out for that
very reason, if for no other.
But the provisoes are objectionable on other
gTounds. There is scarcely a single act proposed
at any session of Congress, no matter how im-
portant it may be considered, which contem-
plates such sweeping and extensive changes in
the existing state of things as would be at once
operated by the adoption of these unpretending
provisoes, which had like to have escaped aR
notice whilst the bill was in Committee of the
Whole. If they pass, they will repeal a number
of acts making appropriations for the erection of
different hospitals; and they will, besides, over-
