1856.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
955
resistance to the troopsof the United States would
be an act of treason, for which those offering such
resistance might be hanged. That is the expla-
nation why these troops were quartered in the
Territory of Utah; and I say that their support
was cheaper in that Territory than it would have
been on the Pacific coast. The gentleman from
Oregon [Mr. Lane] is somewhat acquainted with
the prices there. The Delegate from the Terri-
tory of Utah is not here; but I know that these
gentlemen, and any person acquainted with the
prices of living in the Territory of Utah, will sus-
tain me in making these assertions.
I have thus, Mr. Chairman, answered the ac-
cusations made by the gentleman, in reference to
Colonel Steptoe's command wintering in the Ter-
ritory of Utah, which was the last point made
by the gentleman in his last five-minute speech.
The gentleman alluded to other officers who
failed to account for $67,000 with which they
were charged. But this sum has probably been
actually expended, although the vouchers have
not been received, or were perhaps transmitted
by mail and lost in their transmission, and the
officers were held to strict accountability for
them. The vouchers have to undergo the super-
vision of two officers—in the quartermaster's de-
partment and Treasury Department—before the
accounts are passed at the Treasury.
Mr. STANTON. I desire just to refer the
committee to the following extract on page 158:
" The expense attending, or consequent upon the detention
of this command m tile basm, was quite heavy. I was the
paj master, quartermaster, and commissary, and expended
from first to last, in my various characters, as follows:
In the pay department  $50,706 25
In the quartermaster's department  151,250 59
In the commissary of Subsistence department, 36,492 74
Total  208,449 38
"The sums disbursed in the pay and subsistence de-
partments would have been as great anywhere el&e, of
course—probably greater in the latter department; but
had the command moved on into California last year, the
sum necessary to have been disbursed in the quartermas-
ter's department would have been veiy much less; indeed
it could hardly have exceeded twenty thousand dollars.
As it was, however, there was no way of avoiding a heavy
expenditure, unless the horses had been (as they might)
eent fonvard last autumn. Over such matters I had no
control, [t was decided that they should be kept all the
time with Colonel Steptoe's command; and I was directed
to provide grain foi them, to keep persons employed to
groom and look after them, and to deliver them at their
destinations in as good order as possible this year; all of
which I have performed."
The question was taken on Mr. Stanton's
amendment, and it was not agreed to.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I move to amend by
striking out "§1,000,000, "and insertingj>600,000.
It is perfectly obvious, Mr. Chairman, to us all,
that, unless there be some restiaint placed on the
public expenditures, there will, in all probability,
be no other limit than the capacity of the Treasury.
There is a natural tendency to run into extrava-
gance, and I am disposed to resist the demands
upon Congress, in order to pinch a little, and
thereby inculcate the necessity of economy. I am
perfectly satisfied that it is necessary to make an
appropriation in this case, because the Indian war
in Oregon has involved a very large expenditure
in the Territory, which was not anticipated in the
former appropriation, and therefore it is that there
is an obvious necessity for the appropriation now.
But it is perfectly easy, if a man has a handful,
and knows that that hand is to be kept full from
an abundant Treasury, to ponr it out recklessly
in contracts. I am perfectly satisfied that the
Secretary of War is not himself disposed to ex-
travagance; but I want to pinch the disbursing
officers, so far as the will of this House can do so,
by indicating an unwillingness to make an ap-
propriation to the full extent of all that is required.
I think, then, that we had better cut down this
appiopriation. We had better let the disbursing
officers know that they must make smaller sums
answer their purposes; and you will find that, in
chartering steamboats, and other facilities for
transportation, proper economy and care will be
exhibited in making the contracts. I have some
acquaintance with this thing. I profess to know
the modus operandi of the arrangements between
those who supply transport and those who need
it; and it is obvious that when you are dealing
with a Government, and that Government is pro-
fuse and extravagant, it will be expected to pay
infinitely more than private enterprise would pay.
I think, therefore, we ought to abate this amount
to $600,000. It is unquestionably enough until
the general appropriation bill makes supplies for
what is needed.
Mr. H. MARSHALL. I desire, before I vote
in opposition to the amendment of the gentleman
from Virginia, to say that, when I was before in
Congress during the administration of Mr. Fill-
more, I struggled against these very appropria-
tions. They then carried, as they now carry, de-
ficiencies in the quartermaster's department, over
from year to year; and unless there be some mode
of striking at the expenses of this bureau of the
War Department, it is likely to become a -perfect
eye-sore upon the Treasury.
I can understand very readily why the Secre-
tary of War now asks to indulge his CLuartermas-
ter General wi#i this million appropriation. He
informs you that, in the administration of the
War Department, he has " unexpectedly" gotten
into a war in Oregon, in California, in Texas, in
Florida, and in Nebraska. I suppose that where-
ever an Indian can be found he is in a state of
"unexpected hostility." Well, sir, if you are
going to send your little army along a line of
country one thousand five hundred or two thou-
sand miles in extent, you mustexpectto feed that
army and furnish them with the means of trans-
portation. I suppose that we need not be startled
at this call for §1,000,000, because I see, by the
letter of the Secretary of War, that the expenses
of the volunteers called into service are not touched
by this amendment.
I should like myself very much to economize;
I should like very much to assist gentlemen on
that side of the House, who, I have no doubt,
are very desirous to economize in these bills, but
if wc will have war we must have transportation—
just as the fellows who will have music must pay
for it at the end of the play.
Mr. ORR. I would like to inquire of my
friend from Kentucky if there has been any dis-
position manifested by any officer of this Gov-
ernment unnecessarily to provoke an Indian war ?
If so, who is the officer? When was it done
and how was it done ?
Mr. MARSHALL. In answer to the question
of the gentleman, I have to say, that if he will look
into the reports he will find to what I refer.
Mr. ORR. What reports ?
Mr. MARSHALL. The reports connected
with the war in Oregon, and the f^ioux war. If
the gentleman will look into those reports he can
form his own opinion as well as he can elicit
mine.
Mr. ORR. I think the reports from Oregon
show, that if there has been any dereliction of
duty at all, it has been upon the part of the
officers of the Army in not protecting the inhab-
itants of Oregon as sufficiently as they should have
done. In all probability that inefficiency has
arisen from the fact that they were crippled in
their efforts for want of a sufficiency of funds.
Mr. MARSHALL. I can only say, in reply
to the gentleman from South Carolina, that I
thank linn for Ids opinion. When I am prepared
I will announce mine.
Mr. ORR. Then the gentleman has formed no
opinion, I suppose.
Mr. MARSHALL. I have not delivered any.
The amendment to the amendment was dis-
agreed to.
Mr. LANE. I have not had an opportunity of
consulting the Committee of Ways and Means as
to the propriety or necessity of the amendment I
propose to offer; but, sir, with a view of econ-
omy, for the purpose of saving money, I propose
to provide thatg200,000of the appropriation here
called for shall be applied for the purchase of a
suitable steamer, to be used m the transportation
of troops for the protection of Oregon and Wash-
ington Territories, and for the purpose of pro-
tecting the settlements on Puget Sound up as
high as Fraser river.
Mr. PHELPS. I trust the gentleman from
Oregon will not press that amendment. If it
is necessary to purchase a steamer for the pur-
pose of transporting troops to Puget Sound and
along the Pacific coast, the Department has the
authority under this appropriation to make the
purchase. I would prefer to leave the matter to
the discretion of the officers having charge of the
Quartermaster General's department, instead
of making it mandatory upon them to make the
purchase. The officers in charge of that depart-
ment will make the purchase if in their opinion
the public service requires it; but I think we might
embarrass their operations by the adoption of
the amendment proposed by the gentleman from
Oregon.
The CHAIRMAN. In the opinion of the Chair
the amendment proposed by the gentleman from
Oregon is out of order.
Mr. LANE. I move, then, to modify the
amendment of the Senate by increasing the appro-
priation $200,000, to be applied, under the direc-
tion of the Secretary of War, to the purposes I
have mentioned.
Now, Mr. Chairman, I desire that it shall be
borne in mind, that if the Territories of Wash-
ington and Oregon are worth anything to the
country—if they are worth holding at all, the
Government of the United States cannot do bet-
ter than to apply the amount of money I have
proposed to add to the appropriation, in the pur-
chase of a steamer, suitably armed and manned,
to ply along our coast for the protection of the
settlements about Puget Soun d, and for conveying
troops from California to such points upon the
coast of Washington and Oregon as may be neces-
sary.
I also desire it to be borne in mind that the
country round Puget Sound is exposed, not only
to the depredations and incursions of our Indians,
but to the incursions of the Indians from British
territory, north of Fraser river; and they are
the most warlike of any Indians of which we
have any knowledge. They have canoes of
sufficient dimensions and of sufficient capacity to
carry one hundred warriors each, and are fitted
to go a hundred miles out to sea. I have the
official statement of the officer of the Army who
was sent to that country to make an investigation
into these things, and he states that on one occa-
sion he saw eight canoes arrive at Vancouver's
Island, and land eight hundred people—one hun-
dred from each canoe. This may seem strange,
but it is nevertheles true. He took the trouble
to measure the dimensions of the canoes, and he
says they were propelled by twenty-five men on
each side, fifty paddles, and measured from sixty-
five to eighty-five feet in length, and nine feet in
breadth. They are made upon the finest models.
No ship-builder here can compete with them in
modeling. It is easy for them to construct canoes
which can be manned each with one hundred In-
dians, together with their arms. These can dash
suddenly upon the white settlements, destroy
them, and at once be off. How are they to be
caught? Not without a steamer. Asteamer,and
nothing but a steamer, can catch and punish them
as they deserve. And, Mr. Chairman, a portion
of this appropriation ought to be applied to the
purchase of a suitable steamer for that purpose.
I wish now to say a word to the gentleman
from Ohio, [Mr. Harlan.] I hope I may be in-
dulged a little beyond the time allowed to me. I
am inclined to think that the gentleman is not my
friend, as he ic not the friend of Oregon. He,
the other day, took occasion to speak of the
people of Oregon as " fillibusters." [Here the
hammer fell.]
Mr. LANE. I hope that I may be allowed to
proceed.
Several Members made objection.
Mr. STANTON. I will not object, if I am
allowed time for reply.
Mr. SAGE. I am opposed to the amendment
of the gentleman from Oregon; and I only desire
to say a few words in reply to the gentleman from
South Carolina, and also in reply to the gentle-
man from Oregon, who, on a previous occasion,
assailed General Wool, a gallant man, whose
home is in the district which I have the honor to
represent. I regretted that I was compelled, upon
that occasion, to leave the Hall before the con-
clusion of the speech of the gentleman from Ore-
gon, or I should have replied to lum then.
Mr. LANE. I will say to the gentleman that
I never assailed General Wool.
Mr. ORR. To which gentleman from South
Carolina does the gentleman refer ?
Mr. SAGE. I understood the gentleman him-
self to say that the difficulties m Oregon and
Washington were to be attributed to the action
of the Government officials there.
Mr. ORE. And I said that the probability
was that this deficiency had arisen because money
