i85a
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1829
and will have it done for $500, and this bam
which you say will cost $2,000, I will have done
for $500, and you are to do the work." I sus-
pect the income of the plantation would not long
keep up with the improvements; and if it was
not within the power of this Government to ex-
tend the income to any extent a majority pleases,
we should be very soon run dry for want of
means to keep up the improvements here.
Air. BUTLER. "If the sums which are now
being appropriated will answer the purpose of
completing these works—if they have enough—
they may be perhaps content, as they may have
no occasion or pretext for asking for more; but
if the sums now appropriated for these different
objects are not sufficient, what gentlemen say
here, and what votes they give now, will be no
bar hereafter to asking additional appropriations
for these improvements, and for others. I may
be asked, why should a minority interfere ? I
say u why ? " be cause it looks to me to be a most
astonishing: state of things. We are in a minor-
i i
lty; we can protest; we can appeal to pistice and
truth, and ask for the intelligence—and the intel-
ligence which we ask for would be the worst
judge which could preside over these bills. It is
a class of bills that had better be passed under
blind faith than anything else. 1 cannot sec any
reason for refusing a part, for if they commence
they will have the whole if they want it. There
is no limit but the amount m the Treasury, and
when the Treasury is out they will raise more, 1
suppose; but they struggle to-dny, and say one.
thing to-day—Protean-hke. 1 do not know
where they are going, but 1 know one thing: if
they want the money they will come here and
take it, fur, as tlui Senator from Georgia says, it
is little less than putting your hand into the Treas-
ury and taking it out.
Mr. IVEIISON. I have an amendment to
offer to this bill:
Pron-lfl, ^«U(1 Mini of §20,000 shall bo found sufiioient
to complete said \\<uk, .'mil nopaii thereof r-liall lie emend-
ed, uwl< tilt- i oiiiph t.ou o! rviul luuboi c.ui t e seemed hy
tin* I'vpt'iidium: ol mjcIi *um.
The language of the bill is, that $:30,000 shall
be appiopriatcd and applied by the Seoretaiy of
War to completing «t (ertain work at this point.
I consider that delusive language. It may mean
one thing or mean another. It is like the Del-
phic oracle. You may expend $2U,UUU, and the
work not be completed; and yet it will be
$;i0,000 expanded in completing the work.
Air. >STU"AitT. I agiee to the amendment.
.Mr. IVKitSON. Then 1 &hall nut detain the
Sena!'1 upon il.
Tin.' amendment was adopted.
The bill oi deied to be engrossed, and was
re.id the thin! time.
Air. 1VERSOX. I cull for the yeas and nays
on the passage of the bill.
The yens and nays were ordered; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 27, nays 14; as follows:
YCAS —Mevsjh. Allen, Bell of New Hampshire, Hell of
Teiiiie-'-re, IJenj.itimi HiiirhL, t'Ujlou, Coll.imer,
('mieiidiMi. Doihv, bouL'la-, Durkc, Fo-s<.mk1<'J], Foot,
j'o-tei, (ieu't, jlailaa, J.uue^, John-on, Jone< of Jowa,
Piarh, Si'W.ii(1 Suiaii, Tliom-ou oi Now Jei&ey, Trum-
bull, W.ide, .ukI WiiuIu—-7.
NAVS Bi!>^ . Brodhead, llrmvn, Butler, Clay,
T'K/p.unek, ili>u-!(ni, lluntet, Iveisuu, Musun, Ileal,
Toombs. Weller, and Vulce—14.
So the bill was passed.
WASHINGTON BUILDING ASSOCIATION.
Air. HROWiN". I sought the floor this morn-
ing to ask the indulgence of the Senate to take up
a bill which is veiy materially interesting to a
large poitmn of the peopk; of this Distnct, to in-
corporate the Washington Mutual Building As-
sociation. It is ni the usual form of acts of incor-
poration, aod can lty no possibility give rise to
debate. 1 should like to have it taken up, as the
gentlemen engaged m it say. that unless passed
at once there is no chance of getting it through
the House this session, and thus they will be
delayed for a year. 1 move to take it up now.
Air. STUART. The Senate can pass the bill
in the morning hour to-moirow. I hope it will
not interfere with this busne s5!.
The motion was not agreed to.
Mr. BROWN. Then X move that the Senate
adjourn.
Mr. IVERSON called for the yeas and nays.
and they were ordered; and, being taken, re-
sulted—yeas 14, nays 28; as follows:
YEAS—Bisjr-s Brown, Hurler, Clay, Crittenden,
Fitzpauick, Hunter, Iveison, Joans ot Toime^ee, Mallory,
Ma>on. Reid, Toombs., and Vulee—14.
NAYrf—Messrs. Alien, Bell of New Hampshire, Hell
of Tennessee, Benjamin, Blight, Biodhoad, Ca^s, Collamei,
Dodge, Durliee, Fosenden, Foot, Fo&tei, Geyei, llaiUn,
Houston, James, Johnson, Jones ot Iowa. Push, Sebastian,
Sewaid, Stuart, Thomson of New Jersey, Trumbull,
Wade, Weller, and Wright—2d.
So the Senate refused to adjourn.
HAREOR OF MONROE.
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole,
proceeded to consider the bill (S. No. 44) making
an appropriation for the completion of the piers
at the harbor of Monroe, in the State of Michigan,
which makes an appropriation of $20,000 for the
purpose.
Mr. STUART. The estimate which was made
in 1853 by the board was for the extension of
these piers, and requiring §10,000 for that pur-
pose. The opinion of the committee was, that the
injury which had occurred to the piers since then
required a larger amount for completing them;
but, for the purpose of avoidmgany unnecessary
discussion, 1 propose to amend the bill by striking
out " $20,000," and inserting " $10,000,"'' so as to
conform to the amount estimated for extending
these piers, without any regard to dilapidation.
The amendment was agreed to.
Air. STUART. In a word, 1 can state the rea-
sons for the bill. Tins harbor is a terminus of
Lake Erie at the termination of the Southern Mich-
igan and Northern Indiana raihoad. It is a very
important point, at which large sums have been
expended in the construction of a harbor. Jt is
stated by the board of engineers who visited tlus
place, that this amount is all that is required for
the purpose of completing the pu*is, and tluit is
completing the harbor.
Air. TOOMBS. I should*hke to know of the ,
Senator where the committee got the information J
that these damages were such as to require an en- :
laigement of tlie appropriation. What weie the
means of information of the committee? I
Mr. STUAltT. It was ascertained as neaily
as could be from past dilapidation. The Sena-
tor will see, fur he has the book in his hand, that
they speak of £0,f>U0 beiir^ neces-^aiy to complete
the repairs m.ule necessaiy by foihut dilapida-
tions. It is a long period, as the Senator knows,
since previous appi opi latnms have been made.
It was of course estimated from the best lights
the committee had before ihem on that subject.
Air. TOOMliS. I ask if the committee had
any light except their own imaginings of what
would restore it?
Air. STUART. Nothmgbut past expenenre.
Air. TOOMBS. The past experience of the
committee ?
Air. STUART. No; the statements of the ;
engineers of the dilapidation? of the works; and i
1 turn attention to this one of £2,500. I
Mr. TOOMfJS. I have looked at that. T know '
it is a matter of no concern to the Senate; but 1
think every one of these bills should be consul- !
ered. I do not wish to ha\e them conMih-ied in
sueh a manner us improperly to o-.i uoy tin time
of the Senate. I only desir" to fpn-ad before the
country the reasonable lnfonnauon whieh ! think
is necessary. That is the only purpose we can j
have now, because the combination is sufficient ;
to carry everything that the committee report;;
but there is a day of reckoning to come, and I j
trust that those who support this system will be ;
called to judgment. You see, now, the grounds !
on which it is done. The argument of the Sen-
ator fiom Michigan to us is, that inasmuch as
for so many years preceding theie was a certain
amount of dilapidation, therefore, for a giwn
number of years since the last appropriation, there
will be the same amount. I do not see that it is
at all a logical conclusion, that if five years' neg-
lect requires so much to repair it in a former state
of the woik, five years since the last appropria-
tion would require an equal amount. There is
no proper rea>onmg of that sort. If you finish
the work, fifty ye<ir* may have no perceptible
effect on it. Then you might expend an appro-
priationof $50,000 so badly, or with so little skill,
or tbro-p might be a very unusual storm which, m
its condition, would destroy it; whereas, if it had
been in another condition, or the storm had not
been so great, there would have been no injury
done'toitatall. Even this committee do not pre-
tend to have anything but a bad and inconclusive
system of reasoning. All they ask, I again say,
is, that the Senator from Michigan, being the
Michigan man on the committee, may file eleven
bills for improvements in his State, and they grant
them all. They do not pretend to know anything
about them. They do notpretend that the items
which they report are founded on any data.
There is not one of these gentlemen who would
act upon this basis in his own business. There
is not a sane man—not a man who ought to be
out of a mad-house—who would manage his funds
in this way. No such people have estates, or
ever can have them.
We are to appropriate the public money upon
an idea. We have not even the report of an
engineer; we are told merely that a certain amount
of damage has been done since the former appro-
priation was made; and this, I suppose, is to
punish us for not having given appropriations
more frequently. I suppose it is to punish a
Democratic Administration, because you have got
a coalition of Black Republicans and Soft Dem-
ocrats, enough of them, to override the Pres-
ident's veto, and defeat the will of the Democratic
party. They say, " Let us get something with-
out regard to the estimates, because we have the
power to do it." I desire the truth to go to the
honest people all over this country. Let the tax-
payers look at this matter; let the jobbers beware.
" To your tents, 0 Israel!"
Air. CLAY. I offer this amendment:
Provided, Said sum be found sufficient to complete said
)mpiovementr>, and not otheiwisc.
I offer the amendment, because, according to
the report of the local agent, this Air. Bowes says
that is sufficient to complete the improvement.
Air. S TUART. 1 agree to it.
The, amendment was agreed to.
Air. BIGGS. Now, I understand the principle
of these appropriations is to be varied again.
Some which we passed a little while ago were to
be let out by contract—one for $50,000, that the
engineer estimated would cost $160,000; another
for $30,000 w Inch the engineer estimated would
cost £,105,000. We took, then, the opinion of
the committee. The committee thought, in those
eases, that by contract the work could be done
for "*>50,000. The committee in this case thought
that it could not bo done for the estimate of the
engineer department, but would require $20,000.
The committee now come down to the estimates
of the Department, and they amend the bill by
changing the rule of action by which they are to
be governed, from their own opinion to the esti-
mates made by the Department. Now, we take
the estimates of the Department; before, we took
the opinion of the committee. It seems to me,
we are changing the principle on which these
bills have been passed, at every stage of the pro-
ceeding.
The bill was reported to the Senate as amended,
and the amendments made in Committee of the
Whole were concurred in. On the question,
" Shall the bill be engrossed for a third reading ?"
Air. FITZPATRICK called for the yeas and
nays. They weie ordeied; and being taken,
resulted—yeas 2G, nays 13, as follows:
YEA?*—Mews-. Allen, Hell of New Hampshire, Bell of
Benjamin, Bright, Ca<s Coilamer, Dodge,
I)ou«'la^, Durkee, Fe^enden, Fish, Foot, Fo^er, Geyer,
Ildtlun, James, Johnson, Jones of Iowa, IMigh, J*ebd*li<iu,
riew.vtd, ir?tuau. Ttumbull, Wade, and Wright—'26.
NAYS—Alos'-r^. Biggs, Hiodhead, Butler, Clay, Fitzpat-
nck, Houston, f] uiner, Iver^on, Mason, Reid, Toombs,
Weller, <tnd Yulee—13.
So the bill was ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading. It was read the third time, and.
passed.
HARBOR AT MUSKEGON RIVER.
The bill (S. No. 45) making an appropriation
for the construction of a harbor at the mouth of
Muskegon river, in the State of Michigan, was
next considered by the Senate as in Committee
of the Whole.
The bill proposes to appropriate $50,000 for the
construction of a harbor at the month of Muske-
gon river. The contract for the construction of
the harbor is to be let by the Secretary of War
to such person or persons as he shall think
propers who will agree to complete it for the
