*1.830
TttE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 29,
amount appropriated, with such sureties and ac-
- cording to such plan as shall be approved by him.
Mr. MASON. I hope the Senator from Mich-
igan will give us the necessary information to
• enable ua to understand the bill.
Mr. STUART. I hold in my hand a report
made on the subject by the typographical bureau,
firing a brief description of the place; and the
enator from Illinois, I suppose, is as conversant
with it as with some other places. It is the largest
harbor on the whole of Lake Michigan. Lake
Muskegon is briefly described here:
" ft is about four miles and a half in length, having a
breadth varying from one and a fourth to^two and a half
miles, with ample capacity, both in surface and depth of
water, for any purpose of jjavjgation, and consequently
possessing the requirementsior a most excellent harbor."
I will not trouble the Senate with reading the
report at length. Again:
" Lake Muskegon is connected with Lake Michigan by
a river or outlet about three thousand feet in length and
five hundred feet in breadth, straight m its course, with a
channel of twelve fcetin depth. No obstruction of any
nature exists m this outlet, arid it ha-? water enough to float
the largest class of lake vessels. The difficulty, and the
*mly one, in legard to an easy and safe entrance into Lake
Muskegon from Lake Michigan, is a bar opposite the mouth
of the outlet n\ Lake Michigan. The usual depth of water
was in former years seven feet during the summer months,
but this season there were eight leet m the channel."
The report states it to be indispensably neces-
sary not only for commercial purposes, but as a
harbor of refuge, and the estimate for the con-
struction of the harbor is $118,456 34.
Mr. BELL, of Tennessee. I suggest to my
friend from Michigan, whether it would not be
best to drop this bill. I understand that this is
a new work altogether.
Mr. STUART. Yes, sir.
Mr. BELL, of Tennessee. In the case of
Marquette, on Lake Superior, I thought there
was a very good reason for departing from the
general principle adopted by the committee of
recommending appropriations for the old works
where there could be no fair, plausible pretext
for resisting them, as they have been often ex-
amined and voted upon. The bill for the harbor
of Marquette, on Lake Superior, because it is a
region which has recently become of considerable
importance on account of the valuable minerals,
copper and iron, discovered there, and where a
considerable trade is carried on, I thought was
allowable; but I suggest, in regard to this appro-
priation as a harbor of refuge, that it had better
be dropped. I recommend it to the Senator's
candid consideration.
Mr. STUART. I am perfectly willing to
adopt the suggestion to lay the bill on the table.
Mr. BELL, of Tennessee. 1 hope it will be
done. I move to lay the bill on the table.
Mr. MASON. We had better postpone it
indefinitely. I move to postpone it indefinitely.
Mr. BUTLER. It is the same thing. It can
come up next year anyhow.
ThePRESlDING OFFICER, (Mr. Wbuer.)
The question is on laying the bill on the table,
as that motion takes precedence.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. MASON. I have just learned from my
honorable friend by my side [Mr. Cass] that we
have got through with the Michigan bills; 1 think,
therefore, we had better close this day's session.
I move the Senate adjourn.
Mr. STCJART and Mr. SEWARD. I hope
not.
Mr. BELL of Tennessee. I want to get down
South.
The motion was not agreed to.
HARBOR OF NEWARK.
The Senate next proceeded to consider, as in
Committee of the Whole, the bill (S. No. 10) in-
troduced by Mr. Weight, to continue the im-
provementin the harbor of Newark, New Jersey.
It proposes to appropriate £25,000 for continuing
the improvements m the harbor and bay of New-
ark, iSew Jersey, which sum is to be expended
under ihe direction of the Secretary of War.
Mr. SEWARD. I will barely state that this
is the only appropriation recommended by the
committee for the State of New Jersey; that the
improvement is to remove a bar in the mouth of
the Pas.mic river, which constitutes Newark bay,
in the State of New Jersey.
Where Newark is, is known to everybody, I
suppose. It is one of the largest manufacturing
towns in ihe United States. The number of ves-
sels which entered that port during the last year,
was fourteen thousand two h.undred and eighty-
seven, including two thousand four hundred and
eighty-four steamboats, making an average of
thirty-nine vessels a day. There was paid in for
duties at the custom-house, $16,078, and in the
port at the same time were eight thousand six
hundred and ninety-three tons of shipping. This
original improvement began in the year 1836, or
1837, when- an appropriation was made without
completing the work, but improving the harbor.
Every year since 1843 this subject has been
before the Committee on Commerce in both
Houses, and has been reported on favorably by
the committees of both Houses, and whenever a
general bill has passed it has been included. The
appropriation asked is the sum of $25,000. In
the report of 1853-'54, which is familiar to mem-
bers, the testimony of the engineers on that sub-
ject is that the obstacles to Newark harbor ought
to command prompt attention.
Mr. TOOMBS. I think this ought to be enti-
tled a bill for the improvement of the Passaic
river. It is to remove a bar from the mouth of a
river; it is not for the improvement of a harbor.
That is a misnomer. You are giving a name
that is more agreeable for a particular purpose.
The bill really is to remove a bar in the Passaic
river. The appropriation is $25,000, and we are
told that the revenue from customs at this port is
$16,000 a year. This is an improvement of a
river entirely within one State. It comes within
no principle which has been contended for. It
is not within the principle of the Senator from
Michigan as I understand it.
Mr. CASS. To what do you allude?
Mr. TOOMBS. To the improvement of Pas-
saic river within one State.
Mr. CASS. I will only say that, if the hon-
orable Menator, or anybody else, thinks that the
people of this country will support a system
which declares that the mere fact of a river run-
ning through three or more States, shall entitle
an obstruction in it to be removed by the United
States, whereas, if it happens to go through one
State, no matter what its importance, there will
not be a dollar expended upon it, he is mistaken,
j That principle would allow you to improve the
Connecticut river, and not touch the Hudson,
vastly more important. You do not ftnd any
such folly m the Constitution.
Mr. TOOMBS. That is exactly my opinion;
but the Senator quotes the author of that " folly"
to support him against Jackson and the other
men 
Mr. CASS. Not against Jackson. Ten mil-
lions of dollars were appropriated for these im-
provements during his Administration. For five
years I sat in the War Department, and signed
the estimates under his direction. 1 have a right
to know something of his views. Now, in re-
spect to platform* 
Mr. SEWARD. I dislike to interrupt the
honorable Senator, but I must ask him to desist.
Mr. CASS. I submit.
Mr. TOOMBS. The next time 1 will ask the
permission of the Senator from New York, be-
fore I give way to the Senator from Michigan. I
trust the honorable Senator from Michigan will
not ask me to yield him the floor, until I know
what the Senator from New York says about it.
The very "folly" of which the Senator from
Michigan speaks is a folly created by his author-
ity, and not by me. He asks me if I believe the
people of the United States will ever listen to
such a folly ? I say, not a bit of it, whether it
comes from Mr. Calhoun, or his indorsement by
the distinguished Senator from Michigan.
Mr. CASS. I denied it, and have repudi-
ated it.
Mr. TOOMBS. But you indorsed the author-
ity, and you quote it. The Senator from Mich-
| igan attempted to meet my argument on this sub-
ject, by sheltering himself behind Calhoun and
Jackson. Calhoun is the authority for the folly
which the Senator now denounces.
Mr. CASS. One word.
Mr. TOOMBS. I cannot yield without the
permission of the Senator from New York.
[Laughter.] I cannot give the Senator from
Michigan the floor, unless the Senator from New
York consents, because his consent seems to be
necessary.
Mr. SEWARD, I have no objection.
Mr. CASS. I merely wish to say one word to
put myself right. I may quote the opinion of
an eminent man on a point upon which I agree
with him, but it does not follow that I must there-
fore concur in all his opinions. The eminent
statesman to whom the honorable Senator alludes
believed that this Governmenthad authority, under
the power to regulate-commerce, to make appro-
priations for the improvement of rivers, limiting
them to rivers running through three or more
States. I do not agree with the limitation; but is
that any reason why I should not support his
other views in which I agree with him ? That is
all I have to say; and now 1 will go out for fear
that I may be called upon to answer when the
Senator from New York will not permit me.
[Laughter.]
Mr. TOOMBS. I have been willing to extend
every courtesy to the honorable gentleman, but
i it seems that his speaking depends upon others.
! I have not quoted that authority of Mr. Calhoun
! for any purpose but to condemn it. I say it ia
| unsound authority; but it is the only position in
which he held that Congress could make these
appropriations under the power to regulate com-
merce; so that the Senator can take nothing by
Mr. Calhoun's authority. Mr. Calhoun said that,
if a river ran in such a way that the States could
not improve it by compacts between them, then,
under the power to regulate commerce, it fell to
the General Government. That is the only posi-
tion in which he held that you could make these
improvements under the power to regulate com-
merce. The Senator denies this exception, which
is the only case to which he could apply his doc-
trine, and yet quotes him as authority. That is
not fair to Mr. Calhoun. Mr. Calhoun says the
power to regulate commerce under peculiar cir-
cumstances can be applied. The Senator from
Michigan says the circumstances of limitation
are nonsense, and yet quotes him as authority.
He first destroys the value of the authority and
annihilates it, and tramples it under foot, and
then attempts to guard himself under it. My
object is to roust him out from beneath that cover,
for he is not entitled to it. If he will stand on Mr.
Calhoun's opinions, let him do so. They are
entitled to very great respect. I differ from thera
on this point, and I have acted on the difference.
The Senator differs from them, and attempts to
protect himself under that difference. That is the
distinction between the modes in which we treat
j him. I do not claim this authority of Mr. Cal-
houn. I condemn it and repudiate it. The Sen-
ator condemns it, and yet attempts to use it.
I can tell the Senator that I do not believe the
people of the United States will sanction any of
these schemes, when the question is fairly pre-
sented to them. I know that General Jackson
vetoed an appropriation for the Louisville and
Portland canal, and he vetoed the Wabash river
bill. He sent to Congress five vetoes, covering
even many of the improvements which the Sen-
ator has voted for here. He is no great authority
with me; for, as I said in my general argument
on this question, General Jackson's conduct was
not consistent. At first, he hunted about for tins
power; he looked up and down for it; he tried to
place it somewhere in the Constitution; but he
was beaten and buffeted about on every wave of
doctrine, because he had not the rock of truth to
stand upon. He was driven from one point to
another. He said an improvement was constitu-
tional below a port of entry, and unconstitutional
above it. He found the sluice coming into the
Treasury, and then he took his constitutional
power, and used it to drive off all these plunderers
of the Treasury, with the people at his back.
Then he was strong; then they quailed before
him. When he got on the rock of the Constitu-
tion, he sent five vetoes here, which are on your
public Journals. Many of his friends, I think, if
they were even to see his ghost, would not vote '
for some of these improvements. If they knew
that his dry bones were shaking at them, they
would not vote for them; for 1 know the terror
with which he inspired some men—not me—for
I fought him when living.
Sir, I ask you to call things by their right
names. The improvement contemplated by this
bill is the improvement of a river within a State.
A great many people who pretend that they can
improve harbors and rivers believe that they can-
not improve this. I desire the truth to be stated
