956
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 17,
enough was not given for the public defense in
the first instance. If that be an assault, let the
gentleman make the worst of it.
Mr. SAGE. General Wool has had much
difficulty to encounter in these Territories. He
had difficulties to encounterwith the Administra-
tion immediately after arriving in California, and
embarrassments have followed him to Oregon.
There has been disobedience and opposition to his
orders by the authorities of Oregon and Washing-
ton. I desire to have read,in this connection, a let-
ter from General Wool to GovernorStevens, that
we may have the information of one of our own
officers, whose statements ought to have weight
with the House, rather than that of newspaper
paragraphs, so many of which were read on a
former day.
The letter was read, as follows:
Headquarters, Department of the Pacific,
Benicia, California, February 12,1856.
Sir : I received your communication of the 23d Decem-
ber and 28th January, 1856, on the 6th instant, bat too late
to reply to it by the return steamer. For the information
which it imparts, you have my thanks. When you know
my instiuctions to Colonel George Wright, of the ninth in-
fantry, at Vancouver, you will discover that many of your
suggestions have been anticipated. In presenting, however,
your plan of campaign, wlnoh is a very extended one, you
should have recollected that 1 have neither the resources
ol a Territory, nor the Treasury of the United States at my
command. Still, you may be assured that the war against
the Indians will be prosecuted with all the vigor, prompt-
ness, and efficiency I am master of, at the same time with-
out wasting unnecessarily the means and resources at my
disposal, by untimely and unproductive expedition*. With
the additional force which recently arrived at Vancouver
and at the Dalles, I think I shall be able to bring the war to
a close Jit a few months, provided the exteinnnation ol the
Indians, which I do not approve* of, is not determined on,
and private war prevented, and the volunteers withdrawn
from the Walla-Walla country.
Whilst I was in Oregon it was reported to me that many
citizens, with a due proportion of volunteers and two news-
papeis, advocated the extermination of the Indians. This
principle has been acted on in several instances, without
discriminating between enemies arid friends, which has
been the cause in southern Oregon, of sacrificing many in-
nocent and worthy citizens—as in the case of Major ijup-
ton and his party, (volunteers,) who killed twenty-five In-
dians, eighteen of whom were women and children. These
were fiiendly Indians, on their way to the Indian reserva-
tion, where they expected protection from the whites. This
barbarous act is the cauoe of the present content in the
Rogue river country, and, as Captain Jtulah, United Slates
Army, reports, is retahatoiy of the conduct of Major L up-
ton.
JBy the same mail which hi ought me your communication,
T received one, now before me, from a person whom 1 think
incapable of misrepresentation, which infoiins me that the
friendly Cayuees are every day menaced with death by Gov-
ernor Curry's volunteers. The writer says they have de-
spoiled these Indians—who have so nobly followed the ad-
vice of Mr. Palmer, to icinain faithful friends to the Amer-
cans—of their provisions. To-day, he says, these same
volunteers, without discipline and without orders, are not
yet satisfied with rapine and injustice, but wish'to take
away the small remnant of animals and provisions left.
Every day they inn oft* the horses and cattle of the
friendly Indians. They have become indignant, and will
not be much lunger restrained from resisting conduct so
unwoithy of the whites, who have made rhem so many
piomises to respect and pioteet them if they remained
faithful friends. The writer further says, if the volunteers
are riot ai rested m their brigand actions the Indians will
save themselves by flying to the homes of their relatives,
the Nez Perces, who have promised them help, and then
all the Indians of Oregon and Washington would join in the
common defense. This lnfoimation is in a great measuie
confirmed by a person who, I am assured, enjoys your con-
fidence.
1 need not say, although I had previously instructed
Colonel Wnglit to take possession of the Walla-Walla
country at the earliest moment practicable, that I directed
lain to give protection, as soon as he could, to the friendly
Cayuse«>from the depredations of the volunteers. Itissuch
conduct as is here complained of that irritates and greatly
mcie.iscs the rank's of the hostile tribes; and if the IMez
Perces join in the war against u^. which I hope to prevent,
we shall require a much larger force than we have m
Washington and Oregon Territories to resist savage bar-
barity and to protect the whites.
I have recently sent to Pugct's Sound two companies of
the ninth infantry. These, with the thiee companies there
will give a force of nearly or quite four hundied regulars,
commanded by Lieutenant Colonel Casey. This fotce,
with several ships of warm the Sound, to which will be
added in a few days the United States steamer Massachu-
setts, u seems to me, if rightly directed,ought to be sufficient
to bring to terms two hundred tndian warriors. Captam
Keyes, in his last report received, says there are not quite
two hundred maims in that region. Lieutenant Colonel
Casey has been diiected to prosecute the war with the
greatest vigilance and activity. The gallant Captain Swart -
wout, who goes m the Massachusetts, commander-in-chief
of the naval lorces in the Sound, will, I am assured, zeal-
ously, efficiently, and I trust, successfully, coopciate with
Colon el Casey to bi ing the war to a close.
In regard to the operations east of the Cascade mountains,
if Governor Curry's voluateeis have not driven the friendly
Cayu-ses and the Nez Perces into the ranks of the hostile
tribes, and they should be withdrawn from the Walla-Walla
country, I have great hopes that r shall be able to bring the
Indians in that region to terms, notwithstanding the volun-
teers killed the chief, Peo -peo-mox-mox, scalped him, cut
off his ears and hands, as reported by volunteers, and sent
them to their friends in Oregon—all this, too, after he met
them under a flag of truce, declaring he was for peace, that
he did not wish to fight, that his people did not wish to
fight, " and that if any of his young men had done wrong,
he would make restitutionwhile at the same time he
offered the volunteers cattle for food. Such conduct may
have caused feelings difficult to overcome. I trust, how-
ever, I will be able to do it.
As soon as this war is terminated east of the Cascade
mountains, I will be able to send all my disposable forces
against the Indians on Rogue river and Puget's Sound. It
is, however, due to truth to say, that at no time were vol-
unteers required, or in any sense of the term necessary, for
the defense of the inhabitants of Oregon from the depreda-
tions and baibarities of the Indians occupying the country
east of the Cascade mountains; nor was there any circum-
stance to" justify Governor Curry in sending his troops from
Oregon to Washington Territory to make war on the Walla
Wallas, from whom the Oregomans had no danger whatever
to apprehend. On this subject I would refer you to the
report of the Secretary of War, dated th^d of December,
relating to the affairs of the Army, in which he says:
"The Department, at this distance, and in the absence
of more definite information, especially in regaid to the ex-
istence of the combination among the hostile tribes, cannot
judge what volunteei reinfoiceinent to the regular troops
may be necessaiy. Thisisamatterwhich must necessarily
be left to the military commander of the Department of the
Pacific."
At the conclusion of your communication you say, it is
due to frankness that " I should state that I have determ-
ined to submit to the Department the course taken by the
lmhtaiy authoiitios m disbanding the troops raised m the
Territory of Washington, for my relief. No effort was made,
although the facts were presented both to Major General
Wool, and Major Rains, to send me assistance. The regu-
lar troops were all withdiawn into garrison, and I was left
to make my way, the best I could, through tribes known to
be hostile. It remains to be seen whether the commissioner
selected by the Ptcsident to make treaties with the Indians
m the interior of the continent, is to be ignored and his
safety left fo chance.''
In your frankness and determination to represent me to
the Dcpaitmcnt, I tiust you will be governed by truth only.
Perhaps it is equally due to frankness on my pait to say,
that your communication is the first that T have received m
relation to yourself, or on any subject whatever, touching the
Indian war, from any civil functionary cither in Washing-
ton or Oregon Territory; and I have received but one from
the military, and that was from Colonel Ne>mith, who re-
quested me to furnish him two howitzers, which I refused.
I have only to add, that 1 dishanded no troops raided for
your relief, and your communication gave me the first intel-
ligence that any were raised for such a puipo&e.
t am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,
JOHN E. WOOL,
Major General United States Army.
To His Excellency, Isaac J. Stevens, Governor of Wash-
ington Territory.
Mr. DAYIDSON. To whom is that letter
addressed.
The CHAIRMAN. To Governor Stevens, of
Washington Territory.
The question was then taken upon Mr. Lane's
amendment, and it was not agreed to.
Mr. LANE. I move to increase the appro-
priation §100,000, to be applied to the purchase
of a steamer for the purposes indicated in my
former remarks. Now, sir, in relation to this
letter of General Wool's to Governor Stevens, I
have nothing to do with it. I will say to my
friend from New York, that Gcneidl Wool re-
turned to San Francisco after lie had been in
Oregon, and had placed all his regulars in bar-
racks, where they have remained from that day to
this. None of them have moved out of their
quarters to protect the people of that Territory,
who are falling under the tomahawk and scalping
knife of the savages, and who have been mur-
dered in the most barbarous and cruci manner. I
have an official letter in my hand from General
McCai ver, suiting that in southern Oregon, since
General Wool left for San Francisco, one hundred
and twenty-eight persons, peaceful families living
on their claims, and laboring to make an honest
living, have been massacred by the Indians, and
that two women and one little girl are now pris-
oners in the hands of the Indians. That number
has been massacred by the Indians, and all the
while General Wool is in San Francisco, and his
regular forces in quarters, not one of whom came
out of quarters to assist in protecting the inhab-
itants of that Territory. What I say I know to
be the truth, and no mistake about it.
I now ask the attention of the gentleman from
Ohio [Mr. Staxton] to a remark which he made
a few days ago, Jn which he seems to have trav-
eled out of Ins way to make a charge upon the
people of Oregon Territory. People from his
own State, as well as those from other western
States, who have traveled across the plains,
scaled the lofty mountains, and endured all the
fatigues and hardships of such a trip for the pur-
pose of securing a home upon the shores of the
Pacific, have, many of them, been massacred by
the Indians. These persons have a right to the
protection of this Government; and I ask the gen-
tleman if he intended to say that the people of
Oregon are "filibusters" in any sense in which
he can use that term ? That they have made war
upon the Indians for the sake of war, or for the
sake of money?
Mr. STANTON. I say, sir, upon the evidence
of General Wool, that I suppose there are some
among that people who are nllibusters, and desire
to make war upon the Indians; but I have no
doubt there are many worthy men in Oregon.
Mr. LANE. The gentleman, in the remarks
to which I allude, said:
" I want to know more about the details; I want to un-
derstand this business better. I would reject this appro-
priation, and let the Administration get on the best way
they can. I am well satisfied that these increased expend-
itures in Oregon have grown out of fillibusteiing operations
that aie disgraceful to the country, and which ought to
have been suppressed by the Administration, or by the au-
thorities there."
These are his remarks applied to the people of
Oregon Territory. It is a charge upon the people
of Oregon that they have made war upon the
Indians—an unjust and an unjustifiable war. la
the gentleman prepared to stand by that state-
ment?
Mr. STANTON. I rely upon the evidence of
General Wool, and upon information derived
from that quarter; and I suppose the people of
Oregon are just as good, and no better, than the
people of Ohio. Some are good, and some are
not so good.
Mr. LANE. It is well for the gentleman to
say that much. It is not my purpose to detain
the committee. I have been reading the detail of
the news received this morning by the steamer
which has just arrived, but I shall not detain the
House by reading it. I want to say to the gen-
tleman from Ohio and to other gentlemen here,
that we only ask that protection which American
citizens are entitled to. I have not characterized,
and will not characterize, the people of his dis-
trict as being corrupt, and 1 will not allow any
gentleman so to characterize the people of Oregon.
And I say to the gentleman from New York [Mr.
Sage] that there are many things stated in the
letter of General "Wool—who is my old Com-
mander and whom I know to be a brave man—
which are based upon false data.
Mr. SAGE. The gentleman from Oregon has
charged General Wool with falsehood in that
letter. I shall leave General Wool himself to
settle the question of veracity with him. I intend,
while I occupy a seat in this House, to vote for
all proper appropriations for the purpose of taking
care of the people residing in the Territories of
the country. The committee of which I am a
member—the Committee of Ways and Means—
unanimously agreed a short time since to report
a bill making an appropriation of $300,000 asked
for by the gentleman from Oregon; and the bill
was passed in time for the news to be carried out
by the steamer of the 5th instant. I am in favor
of the Senate amendment now under consider-
ation, which was recommended by the Commit-
tee of Ways and Means, and hope the House
will adopt it, although the amount is very large.
So long as these Indian wars continue we must
provide means to pay the troops, and to defray
the necessary expenses attending them. But that
many of. these wars have been instigated by the
people living in the Territory, I have no doubt.
I think the letter that has just been read at the
Clerk's table from General Wool fully confirms
that statement. And unless tfcere be some change
in the disposition of the people of Oregon and
Washington Territories in regard to the treatment
of the friendly Indians, there is no estimating the
amount of the public treasures that will be neces-
sary to carry on this Indian war.
Now, what was the history of the Indian war
in Florida? It was commenced with a band of not
more than a thousand Indians. It has cost the
Government millions and millions of dollars in
trying to exterminate them, and they have not
yet been exterminated; and it is not an easy mat-
ter to foresee when this war will be terminated
with them.
Sir, if this Florida war, with one thousand In-
dians to contend with, has cost so many valuable
lives, and so many millions of dollars of the peo-
ple's money, I ask the House to pause and consid-
er what estimate it will make of the cost of the
