1856.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1831
on the face of the bill, simply because there is a
principle involved in it. It is no harbor at all.
As the Senator from New York says, many of
us knew very well where Newark stands. It is
on a river; and this bill is for the purpose of re-
moving a bar, not at Newark, but in the Passaic
river, near Newark.
Mr. DURKEE. At the mouth of the river.
Mr. TOOMBS. It is at the mouth of the Pas-
saic river, if you choose, so that you may get
into the river. There is no harbor there. The
object is to improve a bar at the mouth of the
river, in order that ships may get in. So there
is a bar at the mouth of the Savannnh river, but
no harbor. I believe that in the bills making ap-
propriations we have called St. Louis a harbor,
and I know they have been trying, for thirty or
forty years, to make the Mississippi river run
from the Illinois side to the Missouri side, and
there lias been great difficulty to make it do so;
but some public men would stand harbors, and
not rivers, and so all of them are called harbors.
We make appropriations for the harbor of Du-
buque, the harbor of St. Louis, the harbor of
Cincinnati, and various places on rivers. It is
merely a change of name, in order to satisfy
some consciences who were solicitous to do the
thing, but more solicitous of the name under
wiuch they did it.
Mr. HUNTER. Mr. President, it seems to
me that this is a bill which ought to attract our
attention. It shows that the limitations which
the friends of this system have proposed to put
upon it are utterly worthless. I had heard they
were only to appropriate to rivers which were
national in their character, and the test of nation-
ality which they adopted was Mr. Calhoun's
theory,which was,that*hey were to run through
more than one State. Here we have a scheme for
improving a river which is within one State. I
ask, if, upon the same principle, we may not im-
prove every river in the United States? I ask if
we may not go to an almost unlimited extent? If
we can undertake to do this for the purpose of
facilitating commerce, why is it that we cannot
cut canals and make roads? I cannot,for the life
of me, see the diil'erence. Nobody has shown
< the difference, or can show it; but they have en-
deavored to reconcile us by saying the system had
its limits, and appropriations would only be made
for large rivers, those national in their character.
Thoie is scarcely a river in any State that has not
as much claim to nationality as this. No\v,l had
supposed that the test—I never recognized it as a
just one myself, because you cannot make the
system consistent in the way in winch they are
carrying it out—but 1 had supposed that the test
of those who endeavored to prescribe limitations
to the system, the test of nationality was that a
nver was to run through more than one State.
They seem now to have abandoned all that, and
we arc to take up any nver in the United States
and improve it. If so, does it not place the in-
equality and injustice of tins system in a still
more striking point of view? Why is it that
only in a particular section, and in a few locali-
ties, the rivers are to be improved,whilst through-
out a vast extent of the Atlantic coast nothing is
done. Sir, you may rely upon it, this system
will not be put down until it breaks itself down;
and that it will do, and it will bieak down that
patty which sustains and supports it.
Mr. BUTLER. I intend to make one remark,
and to make it m round terms. Gentlemen who
have taken refuge under the authority of Mr.
Calhoun for their votes, have not his authoiity
for one of the votes they have given here on this
occasion, in my judgment. Mr. Calhoun laid
down limitations, in my opinion, disregarding the
strict construction of the Constitution; but they
were limitations embracing a class of rivers and
commercial communications somewhat of a na-
tional character—the Mississippi and its tribu-
taries. He never voted for a harbor of commerce;
butgontlemen here have voted for the construc-
tion of harbors of commerce. Mr. Calhoun never
would have voted for an appropriation to improve
a river m one State; gentlemen here have voted
for it. Mr. Calhoun would never have voted for
a harbor of commerce, in fact, and call it a harbor
of refuge. But, sir, when these gentlemen want
to get an appropriation, they have two names for
it: sometimes it is a harbor of refuge, (Hid again
it is under the power to regulate commerce. So
it is a harbor both of commerce and refuge. Mr.
Calhoun gave no sanction to any such proposi-
tion. If he had been here, he would have been
the last man to sanction this system, which would
break down any confederacy upon earth. No
confederacy can exist with a preponderating
power at one end of it, making the others weaker
and weaker. It must fall.
What is the situation of the South, according
to the propositions which gentlemen state here?
Gentlemen who have believed in the ancient doc-
trines of the Republican party cannot vote for
appropriations within their own States. They
arc controlled by their conscience, if^you choose
to say so, or by pledges; whilst others, not con-
trolled by any such consideration, can vote for
appropriations for a millpond. There is no diffi-
culty m gentlemen voting for an appropriation to
enlarge the quantity of water in a millpond, or
to pull down a dam. You can go and improve
anything; but the moment you say it is a canal
or a road, it is one of those channels of commerce
that is utterly offensive to anything like the doc-
trine laid down in these platforms, because it
would be a general system of internal improve-
ment! Mr. Calhoun sanctioned no such—I will
not say absurdity.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I can tell my friend from
Virginia [Mr. Hunter] how he can get rid of
the abuses of this system, and the only way in
which he can do it. Negative lighting will not
answer. If you put yourselves in the position
of hostility to the navigating interests, you will
never succeed. The gieat navigating interest of
this country is too important—too large to receive
nothing but hostility from the Government.
Mr. CASS. The honorable Senator will allow
me to read one line from Mr. Calhoun. It is the
following:
" But there i5* not the least probability that Congress will
ever abandon tile exercise of the power. It nor only Ims
the Jigtit, but, as has buea shown, it is its duty to exercise
it.'5
Mr. BUTLER. What power?
Mr. CASS. To improve rivers and harbors,
under proper circumstances.
Mr. SUTLER. In one State?
Mr. CASS. 1 will not argue it.
Mr. BUTLER. You cannot argue it. That
is a good renson.
Mr. C'YSS. I think I can.
Mr. DOUGLAS. 1 was replying to my friend
from Virginia, and saying that the navigating
interest must receive protection from some quarter.
Under the Constitution, the States cannot pro-
tect it by levying their own local duties without
the conscnt of Congress. You must either give
your conscnt that the States may do it, or you
must do it yourselves. By fighting both wings,
making war on a great interest in the country,
you can never succeed.
Mr. HUNTER. My friend from Illinois will
allow me to ask him a question. Did I ever op-
pose the States giving protection to navigation
and making their own harbors?
Mr. DOUGLAS. I presume not.
Mr. HUNTER. On the contrary, did I not
sustain the gentleman's own policy r
Mr. DOUGLAS. I understand the Senator to
be a friend of that policy, and 1 intended, befoic
I got tluough, to do him the justice to say so;
but 1 intended to give this application to my re-
mark, that an affirmative instead of a negative
policy is our true course. Let us affirmatively
give a substitute for this measure—the only one
authorized by the Constitution. Give me that
substitute, and I am ready to fight every dollar
of appropriation from this Government, for fresh
or saltwater, in one State or a dozen States; foi
rivers or harbors, everywhere and anywhere. 1
will fight them then for the benefit of the navi-
gating interest. 1 will do it as the friend of the
steamboat, the friend of the ship, the friend of
whatever craft floats; and we shall have that in-
terest with us as affording it more essential pro-
tection than all your appropriations from this
Government. But we must assume an affirma-
tive policy; we must give the consent to each lo-
cality to make its own improvements, and allow
it to protect itself before we make war upon it,
and prevent it being protected by any other plan.
It is on that ground, and that alone, that I base
my action. I feel that a large portion of these
objects are unworthy of an appropriation. I feel
that it is extremely difficult to distinguish between
the worthy and the unworthy. I have been under
the necessity to-day of objecting to an appropri-
ation in immediate proximity to my own town
and my own residence. I have had extreme
doubts in regard to the vote I ought to give on
other points in that vicinity; and if I had doubts,
with all my interests and affections clustering in
that region, how much more would other Sena-
tors have had doubts if they had known the local-
ities as well as I did ? But still we must either
receive your protection, or we must be permitted
to protect ourselves.
Mr. BELL, of Tennessee. I wish to ask the
honorable Senator one question. Take the falls in
the Ohio, take the Muscle Shoals in the Tennessee
river, two of the finest and most beautiul tribu-
taries of the Mississippi. My friend from Iowa
properly enumerates the case of the Dcs Moines
rapids. By your system of authorizing the local
governments to collect taxes upon passing ships
or steamers, would you ever get the means of
clearing out these obstructions?
Mr. DOUGLAS. 1 will answer the question.
There are six States bordering on the Ohio river—
Kentucky, Virginia, Pennsylvania,Ohio, Indiana
and Illinois. Let Congress give its conscnt that
each of these six States shall enter into compacts,
by which each shall appoint a commissioner, and
the commissioners constitute a board, and that
board have charge of the improvement of the
navigation of the Ohio river. Then let that board,
which would in all probability be appointed from
the steamboat interest of the river, devise the
plan of improvement, the place of improvement,
the mode in which it is to be executed. Let them
provide for the collection of the money and the
mode of collection and of expenditure, and you
will go on as quietly in the improvement of the
navigation of that river as you do in making your
country roads, or your turnpike roads, or your
railroads, or your canals, or any other work of
artificial improvement in the country. You will
have it under the charge of business men, expe-
rienced men, whose fortunes and whose hearts are
enlisted in the work—men who are interested in.
seeing that every dollar expended brings its value
to a dollar in the work that is done.
I believe the Ohio river would have been better
off, a thousand fold, if this Government had never
touched it. 1 can prove now, by your steamboat
captains and steamboat engineers on the Ohio
river, that every time you have touched it you
have made it worse. With the vast means that
have been expended there, you have injured navi-
gation every time you have touched it. But if you
improve it under a board appointed by the States
immediately on its banks, representing the great
navigating mteiest of the river, with their fortunes
invested in that navigation, the money would not
thus be squandered.
If, however, that does not suit you as a mode
of raising the money, devise some other mode;
but put its expenditure under the local authorities;
get jt out of the national politics of tins country;
get it into the hands of the local authorities, where
improvements will be made as you make your
canals, and then tax the boat that runs through
the canal for improving it, as you make your
railroads, and then pay tolls sufficient to pay the
interest on the money invested, let a work of this
kind be constructed as your railroads or your
turnpike roads are, or as you pave and grade
streets in the cities, and then charge your hacks
and public carriages for using the streets. You
carry out that principle in all the relations of life
j —why notapplv it to theOhio river, to the Muscle
1 Shoals, by winch an arrangement can be made
' between Tennessee and Alabama to accomplish
the very object5
Mr. BELL, of Tennessee. No boat ever passes
there, and what would you tax?
Mr. DOUGLAS. Whynot have atax on the
navigation ?
Mr. BELL, of Tennessee. No navigation,
passes there.
Mr. DOUGLAS. You never have navigation
on a canal until you raise the money and make
it. You should first raise the money.
Mr. BELL, of Tennessee. Then the States
must raise the money.
Mr. DOUGLAS. You talk about its being a
tax on commerce. I ask you if goods carried into
New York, and sent from there through Penn-
