1856.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
231
now disposed to give to my fellow-members a
portion of the power which it seems I possess, as
well as the responsibility.
But there is another point in this same com-
munication which deserves attention. The writer
says he wishes the "honest, faithful .opponents
of slavery extension, who have twice elected Mr.
Brenton to Congress on that issue, when, on
other political grounds, the district would have
gone against him, could have looked down from
the gallery while he was making this demonstra-
tion." Would, sir, that my constituents had
been ranging those galleries from the commence-
ment of this session! Intelligent as they are, and
capable, to some extent, of ascertaining and dis-
cerning the motives Yhich actuate Representa-
tives here, I should not have feared to have their
eyes rest upon me. They are intelligent men;
and, sir, they are blest, to a very large extent,
with a commodity very scarce in some quarters—
that is, common sense. They are practical men,
possessing the power of discrimination; they are
capable of discerning between an earnest, honest
effort to effect the organization, so much desired
in this House, and opposition to the gentleman
from Massachusetts, [Mr. Banks.]
Mr. Clerk, there is not a man in this House
who has voted for Mr. Banks with more candor
or sincerity, or who has wished for his success
more ardently than myself. I commenced voting
for him under the protest of his friends, when his
own immediate colleagues were voting for some-
body else. Under those circumstances I cast
my vote for Banks, and continued to do so in
perfect good faith so long as I saw a reasonable
prospect of his success; and then I simply sug-
gested the propriety of selecting another man.
But, again this writer says: " Mr. Brenton has
been restive and uneasy for some time, and has
threatened this movement in conversation with
several." Well, sir, I confess that I have been
restive and uneasy for some time at the predica-
ment in whicJi we stand before the country, not
in reference to the success or defeat of any par-
ticular man, but in reference to the success of the
great principle which I came here to represent.
With me, principle is everything—men are noth-
ing. I have no favorites. I stand here to-day,
as I have done from the commencement, to cast
my vote for the man representing my principle,
who is most likely to succeed in securing the
number of votes necessary to effect his election.
One other point, and I have done for the pres-
ent. In a communication by the same writer, on
the same day, several reasons arc given why Mr.
Banks had not been elected, and among others I
find the following:
" Some half a dozen professed Anti-Nebraska men who
vote J or Banks by daylight, ajul then plot in the daik to do-
feat lam, and who daily exhoit and entreat the Richard-
son and Fuller, men to hold on, s-tick to their candidates,
and never allow the plurality\ote to be adopted. The>e
men have not yet ventured to bolt, though they have often
promised and threatened it; but they do a great deal moi a
harm to Banks's piospeets than they could do if they were
his open enemies. Had they never voted tor Mr. Hanks
until prepared in good faith to puppoit him, he would have
long since been chosen. Now they keep the Richardson
and Fuller men in constant expectation that our column
will break, and that Orr orBoYCE may then be chosen by
a plurality before we can unite our vote on anybody el e.'?
And in another place he says that demonstra-
tion was the result of these underground plot-
tings. Here honorable and high-minded gentle-
men are openly charged with duplicity.
To show that I have not put too strong a con-
struction upon the matter, I will read the closing
paragraph of the letter, and I want those who are
concerned in this "underground plotting" to take
it to themselves. For myself, I repudiate the
whole of it.
" If the hollow-hearted voters for Bank?, who moan that
he shall never be chosen, would support him in grood faith
for one week, he would ceitairly bo bpeakei at the end of
it. The moment the pio alawrv parties cease to hope and
look for the breakup of our column, they will let us elect
by a plurality. 1 hope that rnle may be adopted on Monday
vr Tuesd.:} ; if if ^ not, let the public watch the vote and
see who falls off from Banks, and they will know who
really prevented it. H. G."
Here the hammer foil. [Loud cries of "Go
on!" "Go on!"]
No objection being made,
Mr. B. proceeded. I hare but one word more
to say. I have«not made these remarks from any
unkindness towards the writer of that dispatch
and letter. I would not hurt a hair on the top
of his head if I could. [Laughter.] It is due to
myself to state those things, becausc I am embar-
rassed at the immense power I have been exerting
in this House.
I repeat what I have already said, that I am
now, and always have been, ready and willing to
vote for any man representing my principles on
the question which now divides the House; and
there is but one view that can be taken of my
position which will justify the charge of opposi-
tion to Mr. Banks, and that is, if the personal
friends who have him in keeping are determined
that he shall be elected, or this House shall never
be organized, then I am against him, or any other
mail who will assume, or suiter his friends to
assume, such a position.
At another time, Mr. Clerk, I design to Say
something which does bear directly 011 the causes
of the existing delay in our organization. I will
only remark now, that I have announced that my
party held a caucus; that it was unanimous; there
was no discord in it whatever. 1 will give it as
my opinion, that if the anti-Nebraska men of
this House had held a caucus when we first as-
sembled, we should have elected a Speaker on
the second, if not the first, vote. We did not
hold one, and it is generally known why we did
not. The failure of organization, with reference
to that point, must therefore fall on those who
were opposed to a caucus nomination; but more
of this at another time. [Cries of " Call the
roll!" " Call the roll!"]
The Cleric again called the roll, and the follow-
ing was the result of the one hundred and elev-
enth vote: Whole number of votes cast, 208;
necessary to a choice, 105; of which—
Nathaniel P. Ranks leceived   9o
William A liK'h.mlson  G4
HemyM Fuller  33
Alexandci C. M. Pennington  7
J. Clancy Jones   2
Benjamin 13. Tluu tou  2
John Williams  1
F.-nnuel C.uulhers  1
Gilchrist Poiter  1
James L. 0;r  1
! John A. Uuitman  I
i So there was no choice.
j The following is the vote in detail:
i For Mr. Banks—Mcssis. Albright, Allison, Ball. Barbour,
Hemy Bennett, Benson. Billmghuist, Bingham, Bliss, Brad-
shaw, Buffinglon, Builingamc, James II. Campbell, Lewis
D. Campbell, Chaflee, Coilax, Comma, Ciagm, Cumback,
Damrcll, Timothy Davis, Da}', Dean, Do Witt, Dick. Dick-
ton, Dodd,Diufee.Edie,Dmiie, Flaglei. Galloway, Guiding,
Gilbert, Granger, Grow, Robeit B. fJall, liailan, Hollovvav,
Thomas R. Hor'on, Valentine B. Horton, llowaid, liu<iiis-
ton. Jvclsey, King, Knapp, Kiii<f! r, Knowlton, Knox, Letter,
Maee, Matter-on, MeOait,\, Meaeham, Morgan, Morrill,
Nichols, Norton, Andrew Ohvej, Paiker, Peaiee, Pelton,
Pennington, Pettit, Pike. Pimgle, Purvianco. Ritchie, Rob-
ci RobKon, Sabm, fcJage,8app. Sherman, ^unmans, £*pm-
ner, Stanton, Stranahan, Tapp:m, Tiio'in^'on, Tmu-ton,
Todd, Tiatton, Ty^on, Wade, VValbiidse, Waldion, Cad-
walader C. Wa -hburiie, Llhhu B. Wa=-bbume. r-iael
Washburn, Watson, Welch, Wood, Woodiulf, and Wood-
woith.
For Mr. Rtehaxkon— P.Icssvs. Aiken, Allen, Barclay,
B.irksdaic, Bell, Boeock, Bowie, Biancli, Bu: nctt, Cadwal-
ader, Caruther ,Caskic, Clmsman,Ilowell Cobb, William-
son R. W. Cobb, Craige. David-on, Denvei, Dowdell, Ed-
mundson, Elliott, En;'li>h, Faulknei, Floience, Thonia-- J.
J), trailer, Goodo, Gieenwoud, Augustus Hall. Snmp-on
W. Harris,Thomas L. Hani--, Heibert, Hickman, Houston,
Jewett, Geoige W. Jones, Kelly, KidweJI.Letcher,Lump-
kin, Samuel ri. Mai>hdli, Maxwell, MciYIullm, Smith Md-
l"i, Million, Mordecai Oliver, Orr, Pock, Phelps Powell,
Until 11,11a t,Sandidge, Savage, Samuel A. Smith, Strphens
£iewait,Talbott, Vail, Warner, Watkins, Wells, Wmslow,
Daniel B. Wnght. and John V. Wright.
For Mr. Fuller—Messrs. Broom, John P. Campbell, Gar-
ble, Cox, Cnllen. Ilenry Wmtei Davis Ethendge, Eus-tis,
Kvan.s, Fo.^tcr, J. Mom-oii ILun*, Hoffman, Kennett, Lake,
Lindlev. Alexander K. Matshall, Humphrey Marshall. jVfill-
waid, Paine. Porter, Reade,Ready,Ricaud, Rivers, William
R. Pmuh, t<need,Sivope.Txippe, Underwood. Valk,Walkei,
Whitney, rind Zoliieotiei.
For Mr. Pennington—Messrs Bi^iop, Clawson, Dunn,
Ham&on, Moore, Robbms, and Scott.
For Mr. Jones— Boyce and McQueen .
7\irMr. Thvrston—Messrs. Bienton and Edwaid^.
For Mr. Williams—Mr. Wiieeiei.
For Mr. Caruthcrs—Mr. Riehnrd-oti.
For Mr. Porter—Mr. Itomv M. Fuller.
For Mr. 0,r—Mi. WuUam*.
For Mr. Quitman—Mr. Kcitt,
PERSONAL EXPLANATION
Pending the above vote, and when Mr, Ken-
sett's Dame was called,
Mr. BARKSDALE rose and said: Mr. Clerk,
the House will recojlcct that on Saturday last,
and immediately after I had propounded certain
interrogatories to the candidates for the speaker-
ship, the gentleman from Missouri [Mr. Ken-
nett] rose in his place and made use of the fol-
lowing language, as reported in the Globe:
" I ask whether it is m order to put one or two more in-
terrogatories, in addition to those propounded by the gentle-
man from Mississippi ? 1 should like to know of each can-
didate for the speakership, including my friend from New
Jersey, [Mr. Pennington,] whether lie believes in a future
state or not ? [Laughter.] And then, provided he answers
that question affirmatively, I desire to know whether he
believes it will be a free or a slave state ? [Roars of laugh-
tei."]
Now, I understood the gentleman from Mis-
souri, in asking these questions, as intending
cither to reflect on me personally, or to ridiculo
the interrogatories which I deemed important,
and whi-ch I had in good faith, and acting under
a full sense of my responsibility as a Represent-
ative on this floor, propounded to the gentlemen
who are candidates for the speakership. Thus
believing, I denounced the gentleman from Mis-
souri; but, for the purpose of giving the gentle-
man from Missouri an opportunity of stating
what he did mean, I withdraw that denunciation.
Mr. KENNETT. After what has fallen from
the gentleman from Mississippi, I have to say
that, like the fat knight, <! the soul of fun," de-
picted by the great dramatist, who refused even
to give a reason on compulsion, though reasons
were as plenty as blackberries, 1 could not on
Saturday, nor could any gentleman, make "an
explanation under the stress of anything that
savored of compulsion. But now, that the of-
fensive words and manner arc withdrawn, I take
pleasure in doing justice, as well to the gentleman
as myself, by saying that nothing was further
from my intentions than in any manner to reflect
either upon him or the interrogatories he thought
it his duty to ofter; and this explanation I hope
will be alike satisfactory to the gentleman and the
House.
Mr. BAUKSDALE. After hearing the ex-
planation of the gentleman from Missouri, and
the disclaimer which he has made that he intended
no personal reflection on me, T fuel it to be my
duty unconditionally to withdraw the harsh lan-
guage employed against him; and 1 chccrfully do
so.
Mr. PENNINGTON. Mr. Clerk, T happened
to be out of my seat, in the lobby, when my
friend from Missouri, at the close of my remarks,
propounded the theological questions which seem
to have so much disturbed the gentleman from
Mississippi. My attention has only this mo-
ment been called, to them, and I take the first
oj>portunity to reply.
My friend desires to know of each of the
candidates for the speakership, and particularly
of his friend from New Jersey, whether he be-
lieves in a future state: and, if that question be
answered affirmatively, whether he believes it
will be a free state or a slave state.
Now, sir, I have no hesitation in answering
these questions; for, as the House knows, I am
somewhat conversant with the Westminster Cate-
chism, and ought to be able to instruct my friend
in Missouri. [Laughter.] I have been taught
by that catechism, that there is such a thing as
a future state, and I pledge my friend, upon my
honor, that I religiously believe it. [Renewed
laughter.] 1 do not understand, however, that it
is wholly a free state, nor yet, on the other hand,
wholly a slave state. It is represented as divided
into two states—a beatified state, and another
state not quite so agreeable. The one I take to
be a free state, and die other a slave state. [Roars
of laughter.] We are informed that these states
are divided by an impassable gulf—not exactly a
compromise line I behove. [Continued laughter.]
We are frequently reminded, ton, that one of
these states is much the hotter of the two, and
hence I take it for granted, as a matter of fair
inference, that it is a slave state, and lies on the
south side of the line. [Bursts of laughter.] 1
have never examined the geography of the coun-
try, but I think it safe to assume, upon the basis
of the laws of population, that the state on the
south side of the line has greatly the largest share
of the territory—quite in keeping, 1 believe. Of
one thing I beg to assure my friend, however, that
I shall not dispute the settlement of that part of
the territory with him, nor raise any question as
to the application of the Wilmot proviso, or the
principle of squatter sovereignty, in regard to it,
[Laughter.]
There are those, Mr. Clerk, who hold to a third
