1832
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 29,
sylvania, and Ohio, and Indiana, to Illinois, are not
taxed on each railroad over which they pass,
until tlioy arrive in Illinois, as a part of their first
cost to those who consume them ? We make no
complaint when we pay dutiesori the New York
canal. We pour millions into the treasury of the
State of New York, to pay interest on the cost of
making that canal. We of the West do not com-
plain of it. Why ? For the simple reason, that
by the tax paid on that canal the cost of our
transportation is less than it would have been if
the canal had not been made. So with a railroad.
Though we pay toll for transportation over a rail-
road, we get transportation cheaper than if the
road had not been made. So it will be with your
harbors.
It is true, the local tax, to make a harbor or im-
prove the navigation of a river, may count up to
a certain amount; but still it will reduce the cost
of transportation, including that amount, to less
&han it would have been if you had not thus im-
posed these duties and made these improvements.
Hence, instead of enhancing the cost of the im-
provement, it reduces it. Every dollar wisely
collected and wisely expended for the improve-
ment of a river or a harbor in that way, reduces
the cost of transportation of the very goods that
pass over it. Then, instead of being a tax on the
community, it is actually reducing the taxes on
the community. But I did not intend to argue
this question in answer to the respectful inquiry
©f the Senator from Tennessee;
Mr. BELL, of Tennessee. I wholly mistook
the position of the Senator from Illinois. I sup-
posed his was the system of taxing navigation;
but I understand now that the States and local
interests must make tiie improvements first, and
he only wants Congress to allow some tax to be
imposed.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I only want Congress to
givo its consent that we may manage our own
affairs in our own way to suit ourselves, under
the Constitution, and then carry 011 a system in '
obedience to the Constitution. I rose, however,
merely to say to the opponents of the present
system, that the mode of beginning is by first
giving that consent; so that, if we defeat the ap-
propriations by this Government, we have the
alternative measure to resort to of imposing our
own taxes and making our own improvements.
When you have given your consent that we may
protect ourselves, I am one of those who will be
opposed to ever asking you to protect us fuither
by these improvements.
Mr. PUGH. Mr. Piesldent, while we were
voting on the bills for the harbors on the lakes,
we had one continuous clamor—I say it in no
disrespectful sense—from several of the oppo-
nents of these bills, that we did nothing for the
Atlantic States—that we of the Northwest pro-
posed to monopolize the Treasury. Now we
have come to the State of New Jersey. We have
come to a harbor, the entrance to which is from
the Atlantic; but I not only do not see that the
opposition of my friends is relaxed, but rather
redoubled. Now the complaint of the Senator
from Virginia is, that the rivers of Virginia arc
not improved by the hand of this Government.
I invite his attention to the report of the Secre-
tary of War. llow many rivers has Virginia
emptying into the Atlantic?
Here is James river:
m
iC During the pa*t yeai the channel through the Warwick
bar lu> been opened to the reijum-d depth. The opening
ol'ihe channel through tin* Richmond bar, winch is a ledge
of rock, is going on successfully. The balance of the funds
furnished by the Government will be expended on the
prosecution 01' tins work."
That is one of them. Then on the Appomattox
river:
" No work has been done during the past year. The
plan of operations to he followed was settled lust winter.
The arrangements to giw ofteet to it included a dredirer,
with dtschaigmg lighters tor raising, tianspornng. and de-
positing two thousand cubic wird-oi'carrh a day ; the plan
for which wa^a-rang'-d in P- bm-uy. An eucayenjent with
a practical dred;."? builder to turiu-h the diedye ha-, bepn
pending for seveial motiilH.. His presence on the spot to
complete the arrangement is daily expected."
Again;
il Surrey of Rappahannock river. Tlrghva.SurvoYS and
soundings have been made thum«n tho; o.u-t s-ur\ .'to the
extent iiecessajy for projecting plar"- for it- impusWniRit.
\\ hen the maps are completed, the study of the bebt means
or improvement will be taken up."
That is Hotall. The Government has furnished
a steam dredge,equipment, and discharging scows
for the waters of the Chesapeake bay, in and
around the State of Virginia. And there is a
bill here among these bills, 10 improve the harbor
of Georgetown, with a view to benefit the com-
merce of the Potomac river. Now, where are
the Virginia rivers?
Mr. MASON. Is Georgetown in Virginia?
Mr. PUGH. No, sir; but that is an improve-
ment for the benefit of the commerce of the whole
Potomac river. Sir, we have heard enough of
this. Here it is; and yet the Senator from Vir-
ginia [Mr. Hunter] rises to know what we have
done for the Virginia rivers?
Mr. IIUNTEIl. What is the amount of the
appropriation ?
Air. PUGH. I do not know. I can only an-
swer, as the Senator from New York answered
on a former occasion—all you asked. This is a
work being done by this Government, reported
here to Congress.
Mr. HUNTER. t The Senator from Ohio is
mistaken. There is no appropriation for these
rivers. There has been an appropriation for the
survey of the rivers, but there is nothing doing
by the General Government to them, and there
is no bill here for the improvement of them, be-
cause we could not ask it, and we could not vote
for such a bill if it were introduced. We have
not asked it. There is no bill for this purpose.
Mr. Polk, in his veto message, refers, I think, to
three several bills which were passed, allowing
the State of Virginia to lay tonnage duties for the
purpose of raising money to improve the James
river. A reference to these cases will be found
m Mr. Polk's veto; and he refers to them as in-
stances by which he illustrates the practicability
of having some such system as that recommended
by the ^Senator from Illinois.
AJr. PUGH. Let us see. The Senator says
that these are appropriations simply for the sur-
vey of the Virginia rivers. Now, of the James
river, we are told:
"The channel thiough the Warwick bar has been
opened.''
That is a survey, is it?
"The opening of the channel thiough Richmond bar,
winch i  a ledge of lock, going 011 successfully."
That is no survey, I presume! The Senator
says the money has not been furnished by the
Federal Government. What does the Secretary
of War say ?
" The balance of the funds furnished by the Government
will bo expended in the prosecution of this woik."
The Senator may have his quairel with the
Secretary of War. There it is. I might go on
to other States.
Mr. HUNTER. It impossible, though I cannot
charge my memory with it, that in past times ;
tln-re may have been some small appropriation
for the James river. I do not recollect it if there
has been any. I know that the bills to which
Mr. Polk referred were to enable the State itself
to raise money for these purposes. I believe,
too, the city of Richmond has contributed some-
thing of their own funds for the purpose of deep-
ening the channel. 1 will not say so, for I have
not examined the matter recently, but I will do
that. I think it possible that there may have been
a small appropriation, but none ever passed by
my vote or that of my colleague.
Mr. PUGH. The proposition is not whether
it passed by the vote of the Senator. The prop-
osition is, whether the State of Virginia has been
subjected to taxation for the benefit of other
States, or whether her commerce has been at-
tended to. The gist of this opposition is not, or
ought not to be, that certain Senators did not vote
for bills. There is nothing in that. If there is
anything in the argument, it is that certain States
of the Union have been neglected for the benefit
of certain other States.
Mr. HUNTER. Allow me to ask the Senator
a question. Suppose he should find that, in the
whole history of Virginia, which is an old State,
the Government has appropriated $200,000 to
clearing out her livers, and double that amount to
a new State, will he say there is justice or equal-
ity 111 it?
Air. PUGH. I will say this: that if a work
has been commenced, the subsequent appropri-
ations arc generally for repairs, and hence the Arst
appropriation is the heavy one.
Mr. HUNTER. Will the Senator tell me what
work of improvement was ever constructed in
Virginia by the General Government' Certainly
not in James river, for the bars in James river are
not cleaned out now.
Mr. PUGH. I was only answering the Sen-
ator's statement, and showing that the Govern-
ment has been appropriating for the benefit of
the commerce and the rivers of Virginia. The
Senator from Georgia [Mr. Toombs] this morn-
ing made his celebrated exhibit that §2,600,000
had been appropriated for Ohio. When you
take from it the amount appropriated for the
Cumberland road, and to other roads for which
money was never expended at all, because they
were abandoned, it leaves the appropriations for
Ohio $529,000. How much has been appropri-
ated for Georgia that we are told has been in-
credited? Two hundred and forty-three thousand
and forty-three dollars and six cents, as the book
shows. Now, what is the population of Georgia
compared with the population of Ohio? Look at
their representation in the other branch of the
Legislature, and you will find out.- Has the State
of Georgia been taxed for the benefit of my con-
stituents? Not at all. She has had more from
the Government in proportion to her population
than the State of Ohio.
But, sir, the Senator from Virginia says that
Virginia in former times imposed her own duties
for the protection of commerce. I can see how
such a scheme as that will succeed on the Atlantic
ports; but I say to the Senator from Virginia, and
to the Senator from Illinois, that so far as regards
the western country it is utterly impracticable in
every sense and view that can be taken of it. It
would be the worst injury that could bo inflicted
on the AVest. Let me take a single illustration.
A vessel comes to the city of New York, from
abroad with goods. You tax her to the full ex-
tent of your tariff, and it does not make any dif-
ference whether you impose this tax on the ton-
nage, or on cargo, for a tax 011 the tonnage is a
tax on the cargo at last. You tax her first under
your tariff, and then you tax her for the improve-
ment of the harbor of New York. From that
point the goods are transshipped on a steamer
that goes up the Hudson river, and when she
arrives at the port of Albany she is taxed again
for the improvement of that harbor. There-the
property is transhipped upon the New York
and Erie canal, and pays tolls throughout the
whole extent of that canal until it gets to Buffalo,
and then it is taxed again for the benefit of the
Buffalo harbor. Leaving Buffalo, and reaching
Cleveland, it is taxed again for the Cleveland
haibor. It there enters the Ohio canal, and de-
scends to Portsmouth on the Ohio river, paying
tolls all that distance. At Portsmouth it is taxed
again for the improvement of the Ohio river, and
when it reaches the city of Cincinnati by the Ohio
river, it is taxed again.
This shows the absurdity of the system—tax-
ing ten or twenty times over and over asrain.
And tins is the olive branch that is held out to
the western country, because we have not been
so fortunately constituted as to have an easy and
short communication with the Atlantic ocean.
We are to pay all the taxes which are imposed
on our imports; for they come at last out of us
as the exporting States, according to the philos-
ophy of the Senator from Georgia, with which I
coincide; and then we are taxed at every step of
our way. To be sure, God has been graciously
kind to us in the West to give us fertile valleys,
or else no people on the face of the earth could
stand such taxation; but he has given us at the
same time rivers and lakes, which He designed
should be the paths of commerce to us, and
which, in spite of the Senator from Georgia's
assertion, made time and again, 1 say have from
the earliest period of the Republic, by the wisest
men of the Republic, been considered the proper,
legitimate subjects of control and regulated by
the Federal Government. I say to him, and to
all who agree with him on this subject, that this
doctrine which theypreach here,instead of being
founded on the faith of the fathers, js a new
invention; and whenever they attempt to thrust
it on the Democratic party, they will find the
party in a smaller minority in this country than
theyare themselvesinammorityin this Chamber.
Mr. MASON. Mr. President, 1 will not aver
the fact, that no money has ever been appropri-
