1856.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
959
appropriation, and I hope it will be made. If ever
this Congress had the opportunity of conferring
distinction upon itself it is now in according
something, at least, to agriculture, for agriculture
receives less attention from the National Legisla-
ture than any other interest in the Union.
Mr. SMrfH, of Virginia. X beg the committee
to give serious consideration to this proposition.
I take this occasion merely to say, that if any
gentleman in this House can put his finger upon
that clause of the Constitution which gives us the
right to engage in the duties of a great seed store,
I should like to see it. [A laugh.] But I do not
rise for the purpose of commenting upon that, for
if any one of the Representatives of the American
people laughs at a reference to constitutional lim-
itation, I consider him hopelessly gone.
But that is not all. We last year appropriated
$25,000 to bo expended in these objects; and
there never was, in my opinion, less occasion for
a deficiency than in the present case. The very
act itself, appropriating $25,000, was a limitation
upon this expenditure, because nobody will pre-
tend that there was any necessity for exceeding
that amount.
But, sir, I understand some $65,000 have been
expended, when the will of Congress was ex-
pressed that the expenditure should be limited to
$25,000. Now, why was there any necessity for
a deficiency here? The public agent had no oc-
casion to spend more than was appropriated, for
there was no exigency in the public service which
required any excess beyond the appropriation.
I must insist upon it, then, that here is involved
a direct and inexcusable disregard of the law-
making power. It is an expenditure wholly un-
warranted, and wholly without necessity; and
ought, therefore, to be rebuked by a refusal to
appropriate for the deficiency. As to the expend-
itures for the purpose of encouraging agriculture,
why, let the competent authorities perform that
duty; let the competent authorities take hold of
thatsubject. But do not let the National Govern-
ment, as some call it—but as I call it the Federal
Government—become the master of a great seed
store, making us clcrks, and aids in the distribu-
tion of every sort of collections which the art
and activity of man can bring together—seeds,
many of them which, as I know, find no means
whatsoever of getting above the earth after they
are planted, while others are productive of much
good. But I again say, here is a principle which
is clearly and unmistakably deserving of rebuke
from this House. It is an expenditure without
the authority of law, and without any necessity
for the public service.
The question was taken on Mr. Florence's
amendment; and it was rejected.
Mr. HOLLOWAY. I move to amend by in-
creasing the appropriation $10,000. In moving
the amendment, Mr. Chairman, let me express
the hope that the interests of the country will be
consulted. The amendment placed on this bill
by the Senate is to provide really for a deficiency,
and therefore it is a legitimate object to be intro-
duced into this bill. The appropriations hereto-
fore have been so small in amount that the De-
partment has not been able to supply the demands
of the country. At the present season such de-
mands have been made upon the Department for
the circulation of seeds that the Department has
been compelled to anticipate the appropriations
for the purpose of sending seeds through the
country, in time to be used m the coming season
—particularly into the southern States, where the
season commences so much earlier than it does
in the North. Consequently the Department, to
render useful the money invested in these seeds,
has been compelled to anticipate to the amount
of some $5,000 or#6,000, the appropriation; and
it is indispensable, for the purpose of prosecuting
and sustaining and carrying out the objects of the
Department, that an additional appropriation be
made at an early day to purchase seeds in time
for the fall distribution. It has been found almost
impossible to go into the European market and
acquire the different qualities of seeds, unless they
are cultivated directly and especially for the Gov-
ernment. Thereforean appropriation of seven,
eight, or ten thousand dollars, could be used very
advantageously m sending the orders direct to
Europe so as to have the seeds raised.
Again, Mr. Chairman, I am authorized by
the Committee on Agriculture of the House—
at a meeting held a short time since—to say that
they unanimously, without a dissenting voice,
recommend the passage of the amendment which
I have offered. I therefore hope, Mr. Chairman,
that the committee will adopt the amendment in-
creasing the appropriation $10,000, so as to secure
the benefits which are anticipated to result from
the early purchase of seed. There is another
object in making this appropriation. In order to
secure the proper execution of the engravings,
&c., in the reports of the Department, it is neces-
sary to expend money in anticipation of its ap-
propriation . I trust the committee will adopt this
amendment.
Mr. GREENWOOD. While I would be will-
ing to favor the amendment of the Senate now
before the committee, I am unwilling to increase
the amount §10,000, as asked by the gentleman
from Indiana. I am willing to vote for any rea-
sonable amount that may be necessary to pro-
mote the agricultural interests of the country.
But I desire to call the attention of the commit-
tee, and more particularly of the Commissioner
of Patents, to the impoitance of securing a proper
agent abroad so that we may get seed that is pure
and unadulterated. Many of the seeds that have
been heretofore distributed have been utterly
worthless. I must confess, that when I came to
this House and received my portion of seeds, I
was so particular about them—the flower seeds,
especially—that I addressed polite notes to sev-
eral ladies in my district, asking their particular
attention to the culture of these flower seeds in or-
der that their quality might be tested; and, to my
astonishment, on my return home, I found that a
large proportion of these flower seeds which 1 had
had the honor of distributing, were common smart-
weed and other weeds. But, sir, I am willing to
advocate an appropriation of a reasonable sum
for the purpose of promoting the agricultural
interests of the country. I have made these
remarks to show the necessity of the Patent Office
procuring faithful and efficient agents abroad for
the selection of their seeds. I am not advised,
as charged by the gentleman from Virginia, [Mr.
Smith,] that this is a deficiency at all.
Mr. SMITH. It is in the deficiency bill.
Mr. GREENWOOD. I know; but I under-
stand it is not in fact a deficiency.
Mr. SMITH. It ought to be voted out then.
Mr. GREENWOOD. And the very reason
that it was not a deficiency, was the reason urged
by the majority of the Committee of Ways and
Means against this appropriation—not that they
objected to the appropriation, but because it ap-
pears in the deficiency bill, while m fact and truth
it is not a deficiency at all. I trust that the amend-
ment moved by the gentleman from Indiana will
be voted down, and that the amendment of the
Senate will be concurred in.
The question was taken on Mr. Holloway's
amendment; and it was adopted.
Mr. H. MARSHALL. I offer the following
amendment:
Strike nut all after the word «the,"occurringIastin line
two hundred and forty-eight, and insert the following:
Agueultural bureaus in the several States, or ol the State
agricultural societies wheie no buioaus have been estab-
lished by the law of the State; said fund to be distubuted
to the several States in the proportion ot their Fedeial pop-
ulation, and to be drawn nom tbe Treasury by the wariants
of the Governors of the States respectively upon the Sec-
retary of the Interior, $20,000.
So as to make the amendment read—
For the collection of agricultural statistics, investigations
for promoting agricultural and ruial economy, and the pro-
curement and distribution of cuttings and seeds, to be ex-
pended under the direction of the agricultural bureaus, &c.
If I can have the attention of the committee, it
will be perceived that my proposition, which I
offer in good faith, and which I hope will pass,
proposes to change the direction of this fund from
the charge of the Patent Office to that of the agri-
cultural societies or agricultural bureaus in the
several States. You now appropriate $25,000
for the purchase of seed, and you are asked to
supply a deficiency of $20,000 more—making an
appropriation of $45,000 in a single year tor seed;
and the likelihood is, that when the seed is pro-
cured and the papers made up, seeds are sent to
gentlemen from Ohio which ought to be sent to
gentlemen from Georgia, and to gentlemen from
Texas which ought to be sent to gentlemen from
Maine. They are distributed without any sort of
discretion. If this fund be given to the several
States—to the agricultural societies of the several
States, they will, with their respective proportions
of the fund, make such investments as will insure
seed which may be cultivated profitably in their
several localities. You have such agricultural so-
cieties established in the various States, and you
have, in a good many of the States, bureaus for
the promotion of scientific agriculture. If you
intend to make an appropriation for the benefit
of this interest—and it is now palpably a waste
of the public money—if you intend to make it
profitable to the country, 1 think my amendment
will accomplish that purpose.
We have just been discussing the deficiencies
in the quartermaster's department, and now we
have a deficiency in the seed department of the
Patent Office. You used to appropriate §500 or
§1,000 a year for the purchase of these seeds;
you nowapply $25,000 annually for thatpurpose;
and a subordinate clerk in a bureau comes here,
and asks you to supply a deficiency in his par-
ticular sphere of official action, with an amount
equal to the entire original appropriation, or there-
abouts. Now, sir, I tell you—I tell the people
of the country—that if their Representatives
cannot put a stop to this, then have we no check
upon the expenditures of the Executive.
I cannot say that I should be prepared to vote
for the appropriation, even if my amendment
were concurred in, because I do not believe it is
a legitimate deficiency; but if it is to pass—if we
are going to make an appropriation out of the
public Treasury for the distribution of seeds—I
desire that it shall be made in such a manner as
that in each locality it may be expended profit-
ably for the people. Why, so far as I am con-
cerned, they have sent me from the Patent Office,
this year, a parcel of morning-glories, prince's-
feathers, cockscombs, daffodils, and things of
that description, that grow in every old field in
my section of country. They may be rare plants
in other sections, but I should dislike very much
to risk my reputation as a votary of Flora by
sending such things as those out into my district;
and I understand that other gentlemen make the
same complaint. Let us put a stop to this thing,
if we are to make this appropriation out of the
public Treasury, let us make it to the farmers,
who will know how to manage it; and let us cut
off this trouble and patronage of members of this
House.
Mr. BENSON. I hope the amendment of the
gentleman from Kentucky [Mr. H. Marshall]
will not prevail; but that we shall concur in the
amendment the Senate have adopted. When
there is a change in the present system, I trust it
will be more thorough and general than is pro-
posed by that amendment. I believe there should
be a change by the establishment of an agricul-
tural department or bureau.
The gentleman from Virginia [Mr. Smith] has
spoken of the unconstitutionality of these appro-
priations. Now, sir, if the gentleman will refer
to the communications of General Washington,
when President, on the subject, he will find that
he had no doubt as to its constitutionality. He
will find that, during the eight years of his ad-
ministration, he recommended andurgea this mat-
ter before Congress; and at the close of his term
of office he expressed his regret, in a letter to
Mr. John Sinclair, that he had not been able to
get Congress to attend, as its importance de-
manded, to the great agricultural interest of the
country. If gentlemen will take the trouble to
examine the last Census report, they will find
that there were $5,000,000,000 invested in agri-
culture, while there was not one fifth of that
amount in commcree and manufactures com-
bined. Yet, after voting millions for other objects
and purposes, we are now quibbling over the
pitiful sum of §20,000 for the benefit of this vast
interest of the country—literally " saving at the
spigot, and wasting at the bung."
If the gentleman from Kentuc k y will present such
an amendment as will establish an agricultural
department, or bureau even, by which the farmers
of the country may be benefited in proportion to
the interest they represent, I will go for it most
cheerfully. But allow me to say to the gentleman,
that there need not be any such difficulty as he
states, under the present system, in reference to
having seeds sent to him not calculated for his
section of the country. He need not receive
"cockscombs" unless he chooses. We have
already cockscombs enough amongst us. [Laugh-
