1856.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
235
Mr. ROBBINS. I demand tellers on the mo-
tion to adjourn. !
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Washburn j
of Maine, and Wheeler, were appionted. j
The question was taken; and the tellers re- I
ported—ayes forty-five 
Mr. MAGE. I withdraw the motion to ad-
journ.
BALLOT FOR SPEAKER.
The House then proceeded to vote the one hun-
dred and fourteenth time for Speaker, with the
following* result: Whole number of votes cast,
209; nccessary to a choice, 105; of which—
Nathaniel P. Banks received 93
William A. Richardson   66
Henry M. Fuller 33
Alexander C. M. Pennington  D
John Cadwalader...  2
James L. Orr <    2
John Williams..    1
Giichiist Porter '  1
Benjamin B. Thurston.....  1
John A. Quitman    1
So there was no choice.
The following is the vote in detail:
For Mr. Banks—Messrs. Albright, Allison, Ball, Barbour,
Henry Bennett, Benson, Bilhnghurst, Bingham, Bliss,
Bradshaw, Buflington, Burhngame, James H. Campbell,
Lewis D. Campbell, Chaffee, Colfax, Comms, Cragm,
Cumback, Damiell, Timothy Davis, Day, Dean, De Witt,
Dick, Dickson, Dodd, Durtee, Edie, Emrio, Flagler, Gallo-
way, Giddings, Gilbert, Granger, Grow, Robeit B. Hall,
Harlan, Hollovvay, Thomas R. IJorton, Valentine B. Hor-
lon, Howard, Hughston, Kelsey, King, Knapp, Knight,
Knowltou, Knox, Kunkel, Leiter, Mace, Matteson, Mc-
Carty, Meachani, Morgan, Morrill, Nichols, Norton, An-
drew Oliver, Parker. Pelton, Pettit, Pike, Prmgle, Purvi-
ance, Ritchie, Roberts, Sabin, Sage, Sapp, Sherman, Sim-
mons, Spinner, Stanton, Stranahan, Tappan, Thorington,
Thurston, Todd, Trafton, Tyson, Wade, VValbridge, Wal-
dron, Cadwalader C. Washburne, Elhhu B. Washburnc,
Israel Washburn, Watson, Welch, Wood, Woodiuff, and
Woodworth.
For Mr. Richardson — Messrs. Aiken, Allen, Barclay,
Barksdale, Bell, Hendley S. Bennett, Bocock, Bowie,
Bianch, Burnett, Cadwalader, Caruthers, Chngman, How-
ell Cobb, Williamson R. W. Cobb, Craigc, Davidson, Den-
ver, Dowdell, Edmundson, Elliott, English, Faulkner, Flor-
ence, Thomas J. D. Fuller, Goode, Greenwood, Augustus
Hall, Sampson W. Harris, Thomas L. Harris, Herbert,
Hickman, Houston, Jewett, George W. Jones, J. Glancy
Jones, Kelly, KidweJl, Letcher, Lumpkin, Samuel S.
Maishall, Maxwell, McMulhn, Smith Miller, Millson, Mor-
decai Oliver, Orr, Peck, Phelps, Powell, Quitman, Ruffin,
Rust, Sandidge, Savage, Samuel A. Smith, Stephens, Stew-
art, Talbott, Vail, Warner, Watkins, Wells, Winsiow,
Daniel B. Wnght, and John V. Wright.
For Mr. Fuller—Messrs. Broom, John P. Campbell, Car-
li!e, Cox, Cullen, Henry Winter Davis, Etheridge, Eustis,
Evans, Foster, J. Morrison Harris, Hoffman, Kennett,
Lake, Lindiey, Alexander K. Maishall, Humphrey Mar-
shal!, Midword, Paine, Porter, Reade, Ready, Ricaud,
Rivers, William R. Smith, Sneed, Swope, Trjppe, Under-
wood, Valk. Walkei, Whitney, and Zollicoffer.
For Mr. Pennington—Messrs. Bishop, Clawson, Dunn,
Edwards, Harrison, Haven, Moore, Robbins, and Scott.
For Mr. Cadwalader—Messrs. Boyce and McQueen.
For Mr. Orr—Messrs. Richardson and Williams.
For Mr. William?-— Mr. Wheeler.
For Mr. Porter—Mr. Henry M. Fuller.
For Mr. Thurston—-Mr. Bs en tori.
For Mr. Quitman—Mr. Keitt.
Mr. MILLER, of Indiana. I move that the
House do now adjourn.
The motion was agreed to; and thereupon (at
ten minutes to three o'clock, p. m.) the House
adjourned till to-morrow
u^lv vi\ y XII. J Hi v -L-LWClOw i
, at twelve o'clock, m. 1
£ESENTATIVES.V
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES
Wednesday, January 16, 1856.
The House was callcd to order by the Clerk at
twelve o'clock, m.
The J ournal of yesterday was read and approved.
ELECTION OF SPEAKER.
Mr. THORINGTON. Mr. Clerk, the re-
peated delays that have occurred in the organiza-
tion of this House, I presume, have, by this time,
satisfied nearly every member that the state of
things has occurred which was predicted by the
gentleman from Tennessee [Mr. Etheridge]
several days ago—that voting for particular can-
didates has become chronic.
I cannot say that I expect the resolution which
I hold in my hand will have the result of effecting
an immediate organization of the House; but I
nevertheless feel it my duty to contribute my mite,
so far as lies in my'power, towards the election
of a presiding officer over this body.
I have not consulted the gentleman whose name
I have embraced in this resolution in reference to
the use I have made of his name; a proper sense
of delicacy has prevented me from doing so. And
I take this occasion to say that, in offering this
resolution, I am not to be understood as making
any objections to the gentleman for whom I have
been voting the last hundred and odd ballots. So
far from that, I am perfectly satisfied with the
votes I have given, and I shall be satisfied to vote
for the same gentleman in future, if the resolution
I now propose to submit is not adopted. My
resolution is in these words:
Resolved, That Lewis D. Campbell be declared the
Speaker of the House of Representatives for the Thiity-
Fourth Congress of the United States.
I have selected the gentleman named in this
resolution, because, from the terms in which I
have heard him spoken of, I believe he would not
be as objectionable to some members of the House
with whom I have been acting as other gentlemen
who have been named and voted for. I submit
the resolution, and in accordance with the course
which has been pursued in this House by other
gentlemen, in order to bring the House to a direct
vote, I move the previous question.
Mr. ALEXANDER K. MARSHALL. I ask
the gentleman to withdraw that motion, to enable
me to offer an amendment.
Several Members. Oh, no; don't yield.
Mr. THORINGTON. I prefer to have the
House vote directly upon the resolution, without
amendment.
Mr. CLINGMAN. That's right; let us take
a direct vote upon it. I hope wc shall have no
amendment.
Mr. LEITER. I ask the gentleman to with-
draw the motion for the previous question for a
moment; I desire to say a word- in reference to
that resolution.
Mr. THORINGTON. As the gentleman from
Ohio [Mr. Leiter] is from the State from which
Mr. Campbell comes, perhaps it is due to him
as a matter of courtesy that I should withdraw
in his favor.
Mr. STEPHENS. I hope, if the gentleman
withdraws his demand for the previous question
in favor of one gentleman, he will in favor of
others. I hope the previous question will be in-
sisted on, but, if it is withdrawn at all, let it be
withdrawn altogether.
Mr. THORINGTON. As my withdrawal
seems to be objected to, I shall insist on the de-
mand for the previous question.
Several Members. That is right. Hold on
to it.
The previous question was seconded, and the
mam question ordered to be put.
Mr. SNEED. Is it in order to move that there
be a call of the House?
The CLERK. It is in order. [Loud cries of
<{ Don't do it!"]
Mr. SNEED. Very well; I will not make the
motion.
Mr. MORGAN. I do make the motion. I
move that there be a call of the House.
Mr. STEPHENS. I rise to a question of
order. A motion for a call of the House is not
m order after the House has seconded the de-
mand for the previous question.
Mr. MORGAN. I should like to know the
reason why it is not in order?
Mr. STEPHENS. Because the House has
ordered that the main question shall be now put.
The rule of the House is express upon the sub-
ject.
The CLERK. The Clerk will state to the
gentleman from Georgia, that we are not now
acting under the rules of the House, but under
the parliamentary law. Under parliamentary
law, the motion of the gentleman from New York
is in order.
Mr. CADWALADER. Is the motion for a
call of the House in order when the House has
ordered that the mam question shall be now put
upon the resolution of the gentleman from Iowa?
The CLERK. Under parliamentary law a j
motion that there be a call of the House is always j
in order. I
Mr. ORR. The House has ordered that the .
main question shall be now put, and, as a matter i
of course, it is not in order to move that there \
be a call of the House, because it is m conflict Si
with the order the House has made that the main !!
question shall be now put. i1
The CLERK. Would it not be in order to t\
move that the House adjourn5 i
Mr. ORR. Certainly it would, because an !|
exception is expressly made in reference to-mo-
tions to adjourn.
Mr. MORGAN. With all due deference to
gentlemen, 1 think the House has not ordered
that the main question shall be now put.
The CLERK. The House has made that
order.
Mr. MORGAN. If the House has made that
order, I, perhaps, ought not to insist upon my
motion.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I move that the
resolution of the gentleman from Iowa be laid
upon the table.
The CLERK. That motion is in order, but
the motion that there be a call of the House will
take precedence, if the gentleman insists upon the
motion. Does the gentleman from New York
insist in his motion?
Mr. MORGAN. Yes, sir; I think I had bet-
ter insist upon the motion.
Mr. STEPHENS. Does the Clerk decide that
the motion of the gentleman from New York is
in order?
The CLERK. In the opinion of the Clerk,
the motion is in order. As, however, there seems
to be doubts in reference to it, he prefers to sub-
mit the question to the House.
Mr. STEPHENS. I will not take an appeal
from the decision of the Clerk, but I take this
occasion to say that I think the decision decid-
edly wrong. The motion that there be a call of
the House is not a privileged question. Nothing
except a question of privilege, or a privileged
question, can override the motion that the main
question shall be now put. I think the motion,
therefore, is clearly not in order; but I shall not
take an appeal.
The CLERK. The Clerk would remark to
the gentleman from Georgia, that the Constitu-
tion gives the House the power to compel the
attendance of absent members; which would, of
course, make the motion that there be a call of
the House a privileged question.
Mr. ORR. That is, when there is no quorum
present.
Mr. STEPHENS. It certainly does not make
the motion a privileged one, to override the mo-
tion that the main question shall be now put.
Mr. ALEXANDER K. MARSHALL. I take
an appeal from the decision of the Clerk.
Mr. MORGAN. Upon that appeal I demand
the yeas and nays.
Mr. COBB, of Georgia. I would suggest to
the gentleman who has raised the point of order,
that it be withdrawn, and allow the yeas and
nays to be taken directly upon the motion that
there be a call of the House.
Mr. STEPHENS. 1 certainly have no ob-
jection to withdrawing the question of order.
If the object is to give gentlemen an opportunity
to come m, wc might as well have the yeas and
nays upon the motion for a cail of the douse as
anything else.
Mr. COBB. It will save time.
Mr. STEPHENS. I will withdraw my ques-
tion of order.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I ask for
tellers upon the yeas and nays, upon the motion
for a call of the House.
Telleis were ordered; and Messrs. Morgan
and Craige appointed.
The House was divided; and the tellers re-
ported fifteen in the affirmative—not a sufficient
number.
So the yeas and nays were not ordered.
The question was then taken, and the House
refused to order a call.
The question then recurred upon the motion
that the resolution be laid upon the table.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I will withdraw
that motion, and allow the vote to be taken di-
rectly upon the resolution. Will not the vote
now be upon the resolution of the gentleman from
Iowa ?
The CLERK. Directly upon that resolution.
The question was then taken upon the resolu-
tion; and it was decided in the negative—yeas 50,
nays 150; as follows:
YEAS—Mes-rs. Allison, Banks, Raibour, Henry Ben-
nett, Bishop, Jfc5iad:haw, Jlr'nton, Jau^ H. Campbell,
Chaffee, Clawson, Colfav.Umnbacfc. Dean, Dickson, Dunn,
Durlee, Edio, Kdward*, H.mi^on, Haven, Holjoway, Val-
entine B. Ilorton, Iluah^ton, Kniffht, Knox, Kunkel, Lei-
tn, Mace, Milhvrud. Moore, Norton. Pea roe, Pciton, Pen-
nington, Pettit, Pringie. Purvianc°. Ritchie, Robbins, Rob-
