18564
APPENDIX TO THE COTfGRESSFOWAL GLOBffi
m
34th Cong.... 1st Sess.
Frauds on the Revenue—Mr. James.
Senate.
a similar measure would produce a like result in
this country.
Sir, it is evident that the interests of the grower
and manufacturer of wool are too intimately-
blended to admit of separation without injury
to both. When the price of wool becomes so
high that it cannot be manufactured without a
loss, the mills, of course, must stop. Wool will
then became a drug, and the wool-grower suffer,
in his turn, from the effects of a dull' market and
low prices. A steady market, at remunerative
prices, must be much more to his interest than
the very frequent and extreme fluctuations which
now constantly occur. But this state of things
must continue as long as we continue the duty
on foreign wool, which does and will give to the
foreign manufacturer the means to undersell our
own. Let us, then, have foreign wool free of duty
to mix with our own, and our present mills will
be kept in successful operation, and new ones be
erected; and thus a steadily increasing demand
for American wool be created and sustained. In
this way, and in this way only, sir, we may con-
fidently expect the same satisfactory result as
that experienced in Great Britain, a decided
stimulus to the market, a greatly enlarged pro-
dustion, with steady prices and fair profits. Thus
the wool-grower will fully share with the manu-
facturer, the benefits of the proposed measure.
Sir, in the United States the increase in the
growth of wool has been by no means large.
Last year the entire product was only 60,000,000
pounds, and we imported 20,000,000. But we
consumed of wool and woolen fabrics.300,000,000
pounds, 120,000,000 pounds of which was im-
ported in its manufactured state; and which,
under the circumstances under which the British
manufacturer is placed, might just as well Have
been produced here, and the cost retained amongst
us, instead of going to enhance the trade and
wealth of foreign nations. What I have said of
wool is equally true of raw silk, and all other
raw material which enter into our manufactures
and mechanical products, and drugs-, dye-stuffs,
&c. All duties levied on these materials serve
but as a bounty to foreign manufacturers, me-
chanics, and artisans, to the serious, and in many-
cases fatal, fejury of our own.
Mr. President, to the duty of eighty per cent,
on imported spirituous liquors, ana to the twenty
per cent, list, I presume no onfe will object. It
is the schedule on which the bill proposes to im-
rise a duty of thirty per cent, ad valorem, of which
would speak, as of one of great importance.
This list includes articles of general consumption,
many or most of which are manufactured in the
United States, and may be termed, in reality, (he
standard of duties, the other lists being excep-
tions. It may as well be stilted now, that this
schedule is founded on the basis of discrimination'
in favor of manufactures and mechanic arts in the
United: State*; h.nd, in my view, is perfectly, just
and equitable, and will prove highly beneficial to
the country. It, also fully conforms to the princi-
ples of the tariff of 1846. Sir, the proposition is
neito impose a high duty on any class of imported
articles, specifically to protect American pro-
ductions, but in framing a system that-shall con-
form the revenue as nearly as possible to thfe
actual wants of the Government, so to distribute
the duties that they shall favor the American in-
stead of the foreign manufacturer aind mechanic,
and to extend encouragement to our domestic in-
dustry-. Such was the true intent and meaning
of the existing law; but it hats in great part failed
of its object. Sir, the simple state of die question
is, we have the expenses of the Government, or
most of them, to provide' for by mean* of duties
on imports. In making up this amount, the tax
should be made to fall as lightly as possible oh
labor, and the industrial classes shotald reap all
the advantages possible from the. system, consist-
ent with the common interest. By means of dis-
crimination, las proposed in this bill, they-will be
relieved in part from their present state'of depres-
sion, and I do not believe that others can be in-
jured by it.
Mr. President, I am fully aware thai the meas-
ure will be looked upon with- jealousy and dis-
trust by all who are opposed to the idea of
extending encouragement, in any form, to our
mechanical and- manufacturing operations; but
New Series.—No. 15
learned, honorable, high-minded, and patriotic
as opponents may be, and certainly are, I must
beg leave to dissent from them in this matter.
They hold, sir, that duties on imported articles,
to counteract the effects of foreign competition
with our o\frn manufactures and mechanical pro-
ducts, serve to enhance prices to the consumer,
and thus to sustain one interest at the expense
of toother. This I apprehend to be a great mis-
take, and think it can be fully shown to be so
from Unquestionable facts. To illustrate this
point, I will refer to the article of cotton cloth,
though almost any other manufactured article
would answer my purpose quite as well.
Sir, a yard of cotton cloth, such as can at this
time be purchased for eight cents, could not have
been hail forty years since for less than sixty
cents. The reduction has been, in that period,
no less than eighty-five per cent.; and yet, during
much of that, time there was a high protective
tariff. How are we to reconcile this well-known
fact with the theory that protective duties enhance
prices to the consumer ? On the contrary, sir, is
it not an undeniable fact, that the consume*- has
obtained his goods at one seventh of their former
cost? But he reasons from an abstraction. If you
add a duty to the original cost of articles, you
increase its price in the same amount. Permit
me to show him how that effect is counteracted;
and I will show him from experience, and not
from hypothesis. About eight cents per yard of
the reduction in the price of the cotton goods
alluded to is owing to the reduction in the cbst
of cotton, leaving forty-four cents to be otherwise
accounted for; ,
Mr. President^ up to the period when the man-
ufacture of cotton wasintrodueed into this country,
and indeed for many yeans subsequent, compar-
atively very little improvement- had been made
in the machinery for the1 purpose, from the days
of Afkwright. Even thfe power loom, invented
before 1790, was not brought into use in England
till after our last war with that country. When,
however, it seemed likely that we were to become
competitors-iii this business, the British machinist
commenced the race of improvement in machinery,
to facilitate the manufacture of goods, to reduce
their cost), and thereby to'counteract the effect of
our dtities. The American machinist accepted
the challenge, and entered on the race of improve-
ment. The British manufacturers adopted the
power loom. The Americans did the dame); and
up to the present moment there has been a con-
tinuous1 rivalry between! the two countries, in the
race of improvement and invention, in which we
have never been behirid. By. this means, sir,
with the aid, of course, of increased skill, has the
reduction of fifty-two cents been made in the cost
of a yard 6f cotton cloth. To this means has the
British manufacturer been driven by American
competition. That competition eoula never have
been carried out by us without Government pro-
tection. The duties imposed, therefore, instead
of having enhanced prices to the consumer, have
been the indirect means of reducing, them at least
seventy per cent. Sir, these are facts' which chal-
lenge contradiction; Without such qualifying
circumstances, thfe theory that high duties make
high priees would be correct. As it is not so, I
hazard nothing in saying, sir,-that-the people of
this country, instead- of losing in puitokases by
means of act ties, have, in. consequence of the
reduction in prices, saved more money than the
manufacturers have made; and the • facts 1 hare
stated apply not only, to cotton goods, but to the
products t>f almost every other branch of man-
ufactures and mechanics prosecuted in this coun-
try to any great extent. Bui; high protective
duties for the sake of protection are not now
asked' for; and I trust, sit", we shall bewiiling to
extend the small measure of Belief and encourage-
ment which this bill proposes as incident to the
revenue system.
Mr. President, all -will grant thaitba'cmrtion
of wealth by means of labor and skill isamaitter
of vast and even of vital importance- to-this, as it
is to every other country, instead of easting it
into the hands qf foreign nations. And how, sir,
what is the result, in mat respect, from our man*
ufactories and mechanical establishments? Take
cotton again for the illustration. Every pound of
cotton manufactured into cloth is increased in
value by at leist one hundred and fifty per ceftt.
Of this increase ho less thAii one hundred per1
cent, is added by labor atbfle; and the quantity
manufactured in the United States pier annum is
about six hundred thousand fefiles, which-, as we
have seen, is increased in value one hundred arid'
fifty per cent. And aS thiB ifl' so Wtteh wealth
actually CHsated in our owrt country by our own
industry. Certainly it must be better to save such
an itmoutrt at home than to pay it bve'r to foreign
countries. Is hbt a business, which yields us an-
nually such a harvest of wealth, Worthy of soma
sijvall encouragement ? And there are other
branches, such as woolens, iron, dsC., which con-
tribute their full shares to thfe aggregate accumu-
lation. And What afc-e we to gain by an opposite
course? Why nothing; We snail only Ci'ush the
business of our own productive Classes; and yield
to foreigners the monopoly of our markets* and
pay out Trillions every year for labor Which ehterJT
into foreign products, which wte can joist as Wtill"
furnish by the employ rrtefit of labor of our own
through our capital «nd skill. Such would be
thfe effect. .
Mr. President, 1 hsve too trtUch respect for the
interests of my country, and too rtWchv«yiYipathy
for the welfare of the working men and operatives
within its borders, not to deprecate the idea' of
seeing this one reduced again to a servile depend1-
ettce otl foreigners for the? supply of all our wants
in respect to manufactured products, or the others
crushed in the depths of helpless rtrid hopeless
poverty, rather than attempt to relieve them frohi
sbrtie part of their burdens, and to encourage them
to move on  tl their industrial pursuits by a just
and liberal policy, It is for their sake particularly,
next to that of the public interest, that I ask for
such a modification of the tariff df 1846 as this
bill proposes. It is but a measure of justice to
those who have done so much towards makings
our country what she is, and who are so neces-
sary to her independence and to her future growth
ana prosperity.
I am perfectly aware, sir, of the argument set.
up, that a free market in the United States for
articles of European production creates afPextens-
ive market in Europe for the' surplus product#
of our soil; but, sir, it appears to me that there is
more sound' than substance in this argument in
its practical application!. It Striked me as mtich
more in accordance With political economy and
individual interest, for the agriculturist tO'build
up a market ait horiifc, than to 'seek a fortlgii one.
Mr. President, suppose we were to admit ths*
argument noticed as af validertifyWhat WouM be
the conclusion ? Why, sir, wfe must withhold
all relief and encouragement from manufacturers
and mechanics; and deprive the country of the
benefits of their operations', to tnake ft European
market for the products of die' soil. In my viety'
this would be but a measure of protection' to the'
agricultural interest, greatljrto the Iftjtiry 6f many
others', and to some entirely rumdiis. BUt, sir,
the argument is not a valid oiife. It lacks not only
consistency, but truth.
Sit, during the fiscal year endiftg Juhe 30,185f ,
thfe Value of breadstufft Of all Kinds exported frorfr
the Uftited States vir&a abotat $45,800,-000: Add'
to this amOUnt the value of all animal products''
exported, and'the' amount' is About £96,500,000.'
But it' will be recollected that the War in Europe'
enhanced the! amount, and the price# rose over;
fbrrfter ones about one htandrea per cent. To
offset this amount of exportation, wehad imports,;
during the same period, df mitnuftketui'etf wool*
cbtiort, siltr, iron, erte^r, and unwrought iron, to
the amount, in rdurid numbers, of $136,000,000.
Here are four articles only , all of which ai*e man-j
isfactured in die United States, imported from
Europe of nearly twice the value of aH the
exports of breadstuff's and animal products; and
with the usual priees for our agricultural products:
the disparity would- be much greater. Thus, it
is seen, four branches of business which, if (fuljr
encouraged* might supply ail osr- wanta iil their
respective lints; are deprived of businessto •nearly' '
the- -dahte, of one- half these products* which is
given to foreign manufactures to iacreaae foreign
capital, and to. nay, and feed, and,-clothe-foreign
workmen. And now, sir, I would ask, who is
the beto customer to the American farmer ?—who*
deals with hint the most extensively, and pays
