1836
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 30,
Tlie PRESIDENT pro tempore. The fact that
there was not a quorum present was not ascer-
tained until the call of tiie yeas and nays. It is
now known that a quorum is not present.
Mr. STUART. Certainly; but it was never
to my knowledge, held that the Senate could not
discuss a question without a quorum. No vote
can be taken unless there be a quorum present,
because that is doing business. No amendment
can be voted upon, no bill can be disposed of,
but the discussion can go on upon the pending
question. I had, however, nearly concluded all
that I wished to say; I merely intended to state
that I should avail myself of the first opportunity
to answer this argument in full. I shall endeavor
to be prepared with the facts to sustain what I
have to say.
Mr. BUTLER. Allow me, Mr. President, to
say one word of personal explanation. If it be
supposed, by the gentleman from Michigan, that
iny course is with a view to aid what he calls a
factious opposition, I must be permitted to say
that he is mistaken. I did not vote on this mo-
tion, because I did not intend to defeat the under-
standing made in good faith between my friend
from New York and myself. If you want a quo-
rum, let him come here and make one, and not
require me to vote to make a quorum after 1 have
paired off.
Mr. STUART. The gentleman should not be-
come excited when I did not allude to his course
at all. 1 spoke of tiic discussion. 1 said nothing
about the votes.
Mr. CLAY. We have now been sitting here
for five huuib and twenty minutes with the ther-
mometei at 9;P. J trust the Senate will have
some regard for the health of members, and will
adjourn now. It is of no use to be Kitting here.
We could not probably summon a quorum in
less than an hour, i move that the Senate ad-
journ. *
Air. BENJAMIN. 1 hope the friends of those
bills will yield to the adjournment. 1 think it is
entirely useless to- 
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The motion
to adjourn is not debatable.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate
adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Wednesday, July 30, I85G.
The House met at eleven o'clock, a. m. Prayer
by the Cilapkun, Rev. Daniel Waldo.
CALL OF TUB HOUSE.
There not Appearing to be a quorum present,
Mr. TRAFTON moved a call of the House.
The motion was agreed to.
The roll was called; und the following gentle-
men failed to Answer to their names:
H.irol.iy, Boll, Bingham, Botock, Boyt'c, Burlm-
giuue, Burnett, John l\ Campbell, C.t^kie, ClnhK CJ.nke,
Clubman, Uuvode, Oox, ('t.iian, Timothy D.tvi«s, Do Witt,
Dick, UicKmhi, J)o\v<lell, klclmundsuu, Elliott, Emjl^li, ICth-
urnl«r, Eu^ti.s, F.va.^, Florence, Thomas J. J). Fuller,
Auu s.tus Hall, IJoibert, Hickman, Howard, Kelly, Kul-
vvell, Linrftoy, Ah-\.ui<ier W Marshall, Samuel S. IWur-
bltitfi,  Yh <.\tity, MeMuilm, McQueen, .Millward, Moore,
Mm ray, Orr, Taekor, I'amo, Pe.iree, i'elton, I'helj)*, Sor-
ter, IvK'iiutl, Richardson, Rivers*, Robeitu, S.tndidge. Seoit,
^hoiiei, Samuel A.. Smith, Talbou, Tjmjii, Uiulenvooii,
VVakem.in, W.u kins Watson, Welch, Wheeler, Whitney,
and John V. VV'n^ht.
Pending the call,
Mr. FAULKNER said: It is obvious, Mr.
Speaker, that there is a quorum present. I now
move to dispense with further proceedings under
the call.
Objection was made, and the call was con-
tinued.
Mr. PECK stated that Mr. Wheeler being
absent in New York in consequence of illness,
he (Mr. P.) had paired him off with Mr. How-
ard.
One hundred and fifty-nine members having
answered to their names, all further proceedings
under the cali were, on motion of Mr. Faulkner,
dispensed with.
The Journal of yesterday was read and ap-
proved.
CLAIMS OP REVOLUTIONARY OFFICERS.
The SPEAKER stated the first business in
order to be the motion of the gentleman from
Virginia (Air. Smith] to reconsider the vote by
which was ordered to be engrossed and read a
third time, an " Act (H. R. No. 154) to provide
for the settlement of the claims of the officers of
the revolutionary army, and the widows and or-
phan children of those who died in the service."
On this motion, the previous question had been
called.
Mr. READY. Will that bill be amendable if
the vote be reconsidered ?
The SPEAKER. It will be.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered; and under its operation
the vote was reconsidered.
The question recurred on ordering the bill to
be engrossed and read a third time.
Mr. READY, I propose, Mr. Speaker, to
offer an amendment to the ninth section of the
bill.
Mr. SMITEI, of Virginia. Do I understand
the Chair to decide that this bill is amendable?
The SPEAKER. An amendment, if germane,
is in order.
Mr. BROOM. Is not the bill under the opera-
tion of the previous question ?
The SPEAKER. The previous question had
reference to the motion to reconsider.
Mr. BROOM. Has not the order of the House,
that the bill be engrossed, been complied with ?
The SPEAKER. The vote by which it was
ordered to be engrossed has been reconsidered.
The gentleman from Virginia [Mr. Smith] was
entitled to the floor, and has yielded to the gentle-
man from Tennessee, [Mr. Ready.]
Mr. READY. I propose to amend the ninth
section by striking out the word " either" in the
third line, and the words " or commutation in lieu
thereof" m the fourth and fifth lines. The reason
why I propose this amendment is, that unless the
amendment be adopted, this section will do great
injustice to the ofiicers— or their heirs— ol* the
revolutionary army.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. Will the gentleman
from Tennessee allow me u word? There is no
objection in the world to that amendment.
Mr. BROOM. I have no objection myself to
the amendment.
The amendment was reported. It leaves the
clause to exclude from the benefits of this act
only those officers who have received half pay
for life.
The question was taken; and the amendmen
was agreed to.
Mr. SMITH moved the previous question.
Mr. CRAIGE. 1 d esire to make an inquiry in
reference io the amendment offered by the chair-
man of the committee, [Mr. Broom,] and I hope
that for that purpose the previous question will
be withdrawn. I understand that the chairman
of the committee, when this bill wasrftmder con-
sideration, and before it passed, offered an amend-
ment, inserting m lieu of the words " children
and grandchildren" the words "lineal descend-
ants. "
Mr. BROOM. TK11 amendment was defeated.
Mr. CRAIGE. 1 desire to know whether the
gentleman withdraws the rail for the previous
question, in order that I may make the inquiry
which I desire to make'1
Mr. SMITH declined to do so.
Mr. CRAIGE. It is a very extraordinary
course for the gentleman to refuse to withdraw
his call for the previous question, that I might
make a civil inquiiy. I cad for tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. PnELrs and
Broom were appointed.
The House divided; and the tellers reported—-
ayes (>G, noes 54.
So the previous question was seconded.
The mam question was then ordered; and under
its operation the bill was ordered to be engrossed
and read a third time.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. Is the bill en-
grossed ?
The SPEAKER. The bill is engrossed.
Mr. JONES. As amended ?
The SPEAKER. Yes.
Mr. JONES. I suppose they have interlined
the amendment ?
The SPEAKER. The amendment is not inter-
lined. It is stricken out of the engrossed bill.
Mr. PlIELPS. Is th.it in conformity with the
rule?
The SPEAKER. The rule is, that bills shall
be engrossed without interlineation.
Mr. JONES. My own opinion is, that the
bill, as amended, requires to be
The SPEAKER. The Chair is informed that
the bill is engrossed.
Mr. JONES. Well, then, read it.
The bill being engrossed, it was read the third
time.
Mr. CRAIGE. Read the whole bill; for if it
cannot be debated, we want to know, ut least,
what it contains.
The bill was read in extenso.
Mr, PHELPS. This bill makes an unjust dis-
crimination. It is not as full as it should be if it
is to be passed at all; and I therefore move to lay
the whole subject on the table, and call for the
yeas and nays upon the motion.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I ask the gentle-
man to withdraw the motion and allow me to
make one or two interrogatories.
Mr. PHELPS. I withdraw the motion for
that purpose.
Mr. JONES. I could not very \vell hear the
bili ns it was read, and I wish to inquire of the
gentleman who reported it if it provides for any
persons except the officers of the line ? I wish to
inquire if it provides for all those who were en-
gaged in the military service of the country during
the war of the Revolution? whether it provides
for the soldiers, or whether it is exclusive for the
officeis of the Army, and whether it is not for an
exclusive class of officers?
Mr. BROOM. It is very evident that the re-
port accompanying the bill has not been atten-
tively read by the gentleman from Tennessee, or
he would not have propounded those interrogato-
ries. The bill was prepaied to meet what wis
contemplated by the resolution of Congress of
October ^1, 1780, which was passed at the sug-
gestion of General Washington, offeung induce-
ments to the officers of the army to continue in
the so vice who were about to retire, after fight-
ing tor five years. The resolution promised and
provided that those officers who should continue
in the service until the end of the war should re-
ceive half pay for life from the time of their re-
duction.
In 1783, immediately after the termination of
war, a resolution was passed, commuting the half
pay for life, to which the officers were entitled,
to full pay for five years. This bill is based
upon the tact that the resolution of 17?;0 was a con-
tract, individually, with each officer of the army,
which contract was violated by the resolution
of 1783, inasmuch as it whs not submitted to the
officers individually, whether they would receive
the five years' commutation pay in lieu of their
half pay for life; but was to be determined by
lines or States. Now, sir, in reply to the ques-
tion, whether the rank and file were included in
this bill, I say that they are not. There was
nothing said in the resolution of 1780 about the
rank and file. There was no promise whatever
made to them. They received their regular pay
and were promised nothing more. But not so
with the officers. It will be recollected that, at
that period of our history, discontent prevailed
among the officers of the army to such an extent,
that the army was in danger of being entirely
disbanded. It was at this crisis that, as a matter
of urgent necessity, upon the suggestion of Gen-
eral Washington, Congress passed the resolution
promising the officers half pay for life, if they
continued in the service till the end of the war.
This bill deducts the five years'full pay which
they received under the resolution of 1783, count-
ing it as ten years' half pay, and gives to the
officers the balance then respectively due them.
The bill is intended to cover no particular class
of ofiicers. It is now before the House as an
act of justice to all of the officers and their de-
scendants, who have been for the last seventy
years claiming, without having received, its con-
sideration and action.
Mr. CRAIGE. With the permission of the
gentleman from Tennessee, I will correct one or
two mistakes into which the chairman of the
committee, who hasjusttaken his seat, has fallen.
First, as to a historical fact. The gentleman
from Pennsylvania states that a contract was
made in 1780 with these officers, and that it was
changed in 1783. Now, sir, it is true that the
contract was changed; but the gentlenfhn has
neglected to tell the House that the ch^ige was
made at the instance of the officers themselves.
But the gentleman makes a still greater mistake
