962
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April If
Mr. HAMLIN, from the Committee on Com-
tnerce, to whom was referred the bill (S. No. 112)
further to amend an act entitled 4C An act to pro-
vide for the better security of the lives of passen-
gers on board of vessels propelled in whole or m
part by steam, and for other purposes," reported
it without amendment, and submitted a report on
the subject; which was ordered to be printed.
Mr. TOOMBS, from the Committee on the Ju-
diciary, to whom was referred the bill (S. No. 33)
to alter and amend an act entitled "An act to es-
tablish a circuit court of the United States in and
for the State of California/' approved March 3,
1855, reported it with amendments.
ARMORY LANDS.
Mr. BIGGS. I ask the unanimous consent of
the Senate to take up and pass*a joint resolution
(H. ft. No.5) relating to the public lands, ap-
pertaining to the Springfield and Harper's Ferry
armories, and the North Carolina arsenal, which
has received the approbation of the Committee
on Military Affairs. It will not lead to debate, I
presume, and it is desirable that it should be
passed at an early day.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate, as
in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to its con-
sideration. The joint resolution proposes to au-
thorize the Secretary of War to exchange and
convey the unoccupied lands and appurtenances
belonging to the United States, known as the
lower water shops at the Springfield armory, in
the State of Massachusetts, for other contiguous
lands, or to sell them and invest the proceeds in
the purchase of other lots that may be suitable.
It also authorizes him to apply so much of the
proceeds of the recent sale ot land and lots at
riarper's Ferry as he may deem advisable to the
purchase of other lots, and the improvement of
the property retained. It likewise authorizes him
to make sale of such portion of the site of the
United States arsenal at Payettevilie., North Car-
olina, as is not required for public purposes, and
to apply the proceeds to the purchase of other
land that may be necessary.
The joint resolution was reported to the Senate
without amendment, ordered to a third reading,
read a third time, and passed.
COLUMBIA WOOD GAS COMPANY.
Mr. PRATT. I ask the Senate to take up a
bill reported from the Committee on the District
of Columbia to incorporate the Columbia Wood
Gas Company. It is represented to be of great
importance that there should be another incor-
poration of this charactei. The committee have
thrown around it all the guards which are sup-
posed to be necessary, and 1 hope it will be passed.
Mr. BRODHEAD. If w are to take up pri-
vate bills, it should bo in order. I am opposed to
this act of incorporation. I am sure it is ail
wrong.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Stttart
in the chair.) The question is on the mouon of
the Senator from Maryland to take up the bill.
Mr. BRODHEAD. It is proposed to incorpo-
rate a new gas company in the city of Wushing-
ton. We have one hf re already. But, sir, this
is the day which has been assigned by the Senate
for the consideration of private bills. I object
to the motion of the Senator from Maryland,
therefore, in the first place, because the bill which
he desires to have taken up is not a private bill;
and in the second place, if it were, it should not
take precedence of others which stand before it
on tne Calendar. The private bills should be
taken up in their order.
Mr. 1VERSON. The Senator from Maryland
was not here yesterday, and is not aware perhaps
of the fact that the bill m relation to bounty land
"Was postponed, and made the special order for
this morning, at half-past twelve o'clock. It lacks
only five minutes of that time; and if we are to
take up the bill mentioned by the Senator from
Maryland, it will run into the time which belongs
to the bounty land bill. I shall ask the Senate
to take up the bounty land bill when the hour
shall arrive which has been fixed for its consid-
eration.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
will state to the Senator that the bounty land bill
is the unfinished business of yesterday, and will
not come up to-day unless by a vote of the Senate.
Mr. IVERSON. I understood it was post-
poned and made the special order for this day, at
half-past twelve o'clock.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. No, sir; it
remains as unfinished business, the Senate having
adjourned on that bill. The Chair will also state
to the honorable Senator from Pennsylvania, that
the special order to which he refers—the private
bills on the Calendar—does not come up regularly
under the rule which the Senate has adopted until
one o'clock. The motion of the Senator from
Maryland is in order, and now pending.
Mr. FITZPATRICK. Permit me to say to
the gentlemen who are engaged in this side-bar
discussion, that I take it for granted the bill to
which reference has been made will not occupy the
attention of the Senate long this morning.
3^1 r. BRODHEAD. Which bill is that?
Mr. FITZPATRICK. The bounty land bill.
I think there is some half way for a compromise,
so that we can dispose of that bill at an early
hour. I should be glad to have it disposed of.
We have had it under consideration for several
days; and I am inclined to think the Senator from
Ohio may submit a proposition which will be
acceptable, at least to a majority of the Senate.
It has certainly be£n thoroughly discussed.
The motion to take up the bill was not agreed
to.
EXECUTIVE SESSION.
Mr. SEBASTIAN. Mr. President, I hope
the Senate will indulge me for some fifteen or
twenty minutes with an executive session. With-
out more particular allusion, the Senate is aware
of its necessity, as there was some unfinished
business at the last executive session. I hope,
as a personal favor, they will now agree to my
motion, as I am under the necessity of leaving
my seat on Monday next, from which I shall be
absent some weeks.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate pro-
ceeded to the consideration of executive business.
After some time spent therein, the doors were
reopened.
RAILROAD TO THE PACIFIC.
On motion of Mr. WELLER, the Senate, as
in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to consider
the bill, (S. No. 186,) reported by the select com-
mittee on the subject, to authorize and facilitate
the construction of a railroad and magnetic tele-
graph through the Territories of the United
States.
With the view of aiding in the construction of
a suitable railroad and telegraphic communica-
tions between some point on the Mississippi river
and the Pacific ocean, the bill proposes to appro-
priate and set apart a quantify of public land,
equal to the alternate sections for the space of
twelve miles on each side of the. road, from its
eastern to its western terminus. The lands are to
bo srlected fiom the sections which shall be des-
ignated in the public surveys, when made, by odd
numbers. Wherever the United States shall have
disposed of the lands, or become from any cause
unable to convey title, the deficiency may be made
up from any unoccupied and unappropriated lands
of the United States, within thirty miles of the
road, except in California, wheie the selection
may be within fifty miles. All mineral lands in
that State are to be excepted from the operation
of the bill. Immediately on the enactmentof the
bill, the Secretary of War, the Secretary of the
Interior, and the Postmaster General, are to cause
advertisements to be published inviting proposals
for the construction of a railroad and telegraph
line. _ Each proposal is to state, first, the point of
termination and commencement, and the general
route of the road proposed; second, the time in
which the party or parties propose to construct,
complete, and finish the entire road and telegraph
ready for us<% which period must not exceed ten
years from the signing of the contract; and, also,
what portion thereof they propose to complete and
put in operation during each year; third, the time
in which the party or parties will surrender and
transfer,free of cost to the United States,for the
purpose of being surrendered to the several States,
the road, with us appurtenances and furniture;
fourth, the sum, not exceeding $300 per mile, for i
carrying the United States mails daily both ways
on this road, under the direction of the Post Office
Department, for the period of fifteen years from
its completion, and, while in course of construc-
tion, for the portion in use; and at what rate per
mile for a like period, and on the portions in use.
while being constructed, they will carry, under
the direction of the proper department, all mili-
tary and naval stores, supplies, munitions, troops,
and freights of all kinds for Government purposes.
On the first Monday of next the pro-
posals are to be opened, and that selected which
shall be best adapted to insure the construction
of the road in the most thorough and permanent
manner, and be most advantageous in all respects
to the interest of the United States. A contract
is to be made by the party or parties whose pro-
posal shall be accepted, who must deposit with
the Secretary of the Treasury $500,000 in money,
or in United States or State bonds at or above
par at the time, which may be subsequently
drawn out in sums of $5,000 on the production
of satisfactory vouchers that so much has been
expended. In making the contract it shall be
stipulated that, for the sake of convenience, the
road be divided into sections of one hundred miles,
and no lands shall be conveyed to the contractors
until one of those sections shall be completed and
put in successful operation, when the President
shall convey by patent to the contractors three
fourths of the land pertaining to the section so
completed, retaining the other fourth as security
for the completion of the next section of one hun-
dred miles. When the second section shall be
completed, the President is in like manner to con-
vey to the contractors three fourths of the land
pertaining to that section, together with the re-
maining fourth on the previous section, and so
with each section, conveying three fourths and
retaining one fourth as security for the comple-
tion of the next, until the last section of the road
shall be finished and put in operation, when the
President shall convey to the contractors the
residue of the lands. It is also to be stipulated
that the mails shall at all times be carried on the
roads under the direction of the Post Office De-
partment, and that all other transportation for
the use of the United States shall be performed
under the direction of the proper Department,
and that the compensation therefor, at the prices
specified in the contracts, shall be regularly paid
from the Treasury of the United States quaiterly,
or at such times as shall be agreed upon.
It is further provided that, so soon as one hun-
dred miles of the road shall have been completed
and put into full operation in the Territories of the
United States, the contractors shall be entitled to
receive an advance of $2,500,000 in bonds of the
i United States, redeemable at the expiration of
 years, and bearing an interest of six per
centum per annum, payable semi-annually; and
a similar amount in bonds, for each additional
hundred miles, until the whole shall have been
completed. The bonds so advanced are to be
repaid to the United States within fifteen years
after the completion of the road; and the United
States are to have and retain a lien on the road
and its equipments, until the sum shall be fully
repaid; and the whole amount of bonds issued
shall not exceed fifteen millions of dollars. The
work is to be relet if the first contractors should
fail to perform their contract.
As soon as the general route shall be desig-
nated by the parties, within one year after the
making of the contract, the public lands to the
extent of forty miles on each side of the route
shall be surveyed, and the Indian title extin-
guished, if practicable. The preemption laws are
to be extended to those lands, excepting those set
apart for the road; but the alternate sections re-
maining to the United States, within ten miles on
each side of the road, are not to be disposed of
for less than double the minimum price of the
public lands. Those receiving grants of lands
under the bill are to sell and unconditionally con-
vey one half of them within five years after the
issuing of the patents, and all lands not disposed
of by them before ten years are to be forfeited to
the United States. Whenever the road shall be
surrendered to the United States in pursuance of
the contracts, so much of it as may lie within
any of the States shall, with their assent, vest in
ana become the property of the State or States,
within the limits of which it may be located,sub-
ject to the use of the United States for postal,
military, and all other Government service, and
also subject to such regulations as Congress may
prescribe, restricting the charge for transporta-
tion thereon. All other States organized and
