m
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 16,
crts, Scott, Sherman. Thorington, Tliurston, Todd, Tyson.
Welch, Wheeler, Woodruff, and Wocnhvoith—oO.
NAYS- Messrs. Aiken. Albright. Allen, Barclay, Barks-
dale, Bell, Bensou, Bilhnehurst, Bi <rham, Bli~3, Bocock.
Bowie, Bovee. Branch, Broom, Buffiugton, Burhngamc, j
Burnett, Cadvvalador,JofmP. Gampbcll,Cariiie, Caruthers, ;i
CHn^man, Howell Gobb, Williamson R. W. Cobb, Goinms, .1
CoxfCrasin, Craigu, Cullen. Damrpl), Davidson, Day, Den- |j
ver De Witt- Dick, Dodd, Dowdell. Edmund&on, ElUott, «
Emrie, Ecgli^b, Ethftndgc, Eustis, Evans, Faulkner, Flag-
ler. Florence, Foster,Thomas J, D. Fullei, Galloway, Gid-
din «, Gilbert, Goode, Granger, Greenwood, Grow, Au-
gustus Hall, Roboit B. Ilail, Ilailan, J. Morrison Harris,
Sampson W. Harris, Thomas? L. Hams, Herbeit, Hickman,
Hoffman, Thomas R. Hortou, Houston, Howard, Jewett,
Geoige W. Jones. J. Giancy Jones. Kcitt, Kelly, Kelsey,
Kidwell, King, Knapp, Knowlton, Lake, Letcher, Lind-
ley, Lmnpfcin, Alexander K. Marshall, Samuel S. Mar-
shall, Matteson, Maxwell, MeCarty, McMulhn, McQueen,
Meacham, Smith Miller,Million,Morgan, Moriil,Nicholss,
Andrew Oliver, Mordecai Oliver, Orr, Peck, Phclp-, Pike,
Porter. Powell. Quitman, Roadc, Ready, Ricaud, Richard- j
son, levers, Ruffin. Rust, Sabm, Sa«e, Sanduhje, Sapp, ;
Savage, Snnmons, Samuel A. Smith, William R. Smith, ;
Sneed, Spinner, Stanton, Stephens, Stewart, Stranahan, t
Swope, Talbott, Tappan, Tiaftoo, Tuppe, Underwood, i
Vail. Wade, Wnlbridsc, Waldion, Walker, Warner, Cad-
walader C. Washburne, "Clhbu B. Wnshbunic, Israel
Washburn, Watkins, Watson, Wells, Whitney, Williams,
Window, Wood, Daniel B. Wright, John V. Wright, and
Zollicofler—150.
So the resolution was not agreed to.
Pending the call, when Mr. Hendley S. Ben-
nett's name was called,
Mr. Q,UITMAN informed the House that Mr.
Bennett was detained from the House by sick-
ness, and therefore did not vote.
Mr. GA LLOWAY (when his name was callcd) !
said: It is well known to my friends that I enter-1
taiii a high personal regard for the gentleman from j
Ohio, [Mr, Campbell;] and if I could secure my j
personal preferences, I should cheerfully vote for I
him upon this resolution; but until I can be as-
sured by some reliable manifestation, by the votes
of this House, that there is a different state of
sentiment from what existed when he was a can-
didate before the House, 1 cannot consistently
change my position: and therefore I vote no.
Mr. GIDDINGS (when his name was called)
said: It is well known that I have heretofore,
when there was a prospect of the election of rny
colleague, [Mr. Campbell,] voted for him cheer-
fully. I voted for him while he was a candidate,
and I left him because of an impression that he
could not be elected, and on his own declination.
I have cast my vote a great number of times, m
association with other gentlemen, to the number
of a hundred or more, for our present candidate, '
[Mr. Bastes.] Wif bout any mtimnLon lliat these
hundred gentlemen, who have heretofore voted
for Mr. Banks, have asked for a change of candi-
dates, without any consultation, as far as 1 know,
this resolution has been thrown upon us. I con- .
cede that every gentleman here lias a perfect right
to make what proposition he chooses. Every
gentleman has a right to act independently; but
upon a measure of this importance, I think it
would be prudent, at least, for gentlemen, while
acting together upon matters of this grave mo-
ment, toeonsuit *og< tiler before tm nttcmptismade
to change' our position. I cannot, by my vote,
function the course now proposed—to leave Mr.
jBvNic;, and go for any otln r individual, until 1
shad have compared ideas with our friends, and
see whether we can do better than to adhere to
our present position. I, therefore, shall vole
again&t the resolution; and I sindl stand when 1
am, until I can see some prospect that a change
will be for the better. I vofe no.
Mr. MACE (when his name was called) sanl:
I propose, sir,—inasmuch as it is the puctiee,—
to assign very briefly the reasons why i shall
vote for the resolution under consideration. There
tue some things on the record, Mr. Clerk, in
reference to our doings in this protracted state of
disorganization, but there are some things which
are not on the lecord; and 1 feel it due to myself,
upon this occasion, to state huefly the position I
.have as-:umed .since the meeting of the present
Congress. Win n I came here, sir, some time
since, it was stated bv the public press that I,
perhaps. would be a candidate for the speaker-
ship. No such intention ever crossed my mind
for a moment. The next day after l arrived
here, 1 met Mr. Campbell, and knowing that he
must heve seen such statement of the press, I at
once frankly told him I was not a candidate, but
tl:at 1 was for him; fhut I had come here with the
one puipose of >.L> edily organizing this li/eise.
1 then hud it down vis a rule for mysdf, that I
would vote at all times for the anti-Nebraska !
candidate who was receiving a majority of votes, j
In accordance with that determination, I voted 1
for Mr. Campbell until he voluntarily withdrew
his name as a candidate. Since that time, I have
steadily voted for Mr. Banks. I am not dissat-
isfied with .either of those votes. T have been
ready, and am perfectly willing at all times, that |
either of those gentlemen should occupy the dis- |
tinguished position of Speaker of this House, j
My idea, in reference to the election of Speaker, j
has been this, at all times: I have been willing' at j
any moment to vote for any anti-Nebraska man j
upon this floor; and I will state here frankly— |
because I have no concealment to make—that, in ;
my humble judgment, had the policy been pur- j
sued in reference to all the candidates which was |
pursued in reference to Mr. Campbell, this House j
would have been organized long since; and that j
policy is, not to nail our flag to the fortunes of |
any particular anti-Nebraska man, but to come i
forward in good faith and try our strength upon
each man for a reasonable length of time, but not
to make a halt there, and come to a dead lock.
We should interchange sentiments among our-
selves, and see if we could not effect an organiza-
tion by the election of some other gentleman who
entertains sentiments such as we do.
In this cormcction I wish to make another re-
mnrk. I have heard it said upon this floor, and
repeatedly said, that this party or that party was
responsible for the non-organization of this House.
We may say what we please in reference to that
question in this Hall, but we have a people at
home—a discriminating people—and that people
will, as sure as we sit here, attribute the want of
organization of this House to the anti-Nebraska
party here. We are in the majority here, and
by a union of our forces we can elect a Speaker
at any time. It is futile that we should expect
the friends of the (distinguished gentleman from
Illinois [Mr. Richardson] to concur with and aid
us in making anelectiou. It is futile to expect
that the friends of the gentleman from Pennsyl-
vania [Mr. Fuller] should come to our rescue.
Those gentlemen cannot do it. They cannot do
it without falsifying their convictions of duty,
and without falsifying what they believe to be the
will of their constituents. I admire the man, be
he Democrat, be he American, or anti-Nebraska,
who would st.md upon this floor and duly repre-
sent the will of his eonstirnents. Such is the
kind of m.-n I like.
Now, sir, I do not say I represent my constit-
uents. I have tried to do it, and to do it honestly,
and 1 intend so to continue. J cannot vote for
the gentleman from Illinois, [Mr. Richardson,]
nor can I vote for the gentiem m from Pennsyl-
\aiiiu, [Mi. Fuller.,] or for any gentleman who
entertains sont ments such as have been avowed
by thes" gentlemen. Should I do so, I should
run athwart twenty-five thousand majority m
my district. I can vote for Mr. Banks, or Mr.
Campswll, or for twenty other gentlemen upon
this floor, who would discharge the duties of that
position, if not as well as some others, yet re-
spectably.
Su< h is my position, and I intend to adhere to
it. I  say to the anti-Nebraska men, once for all,
that it is due to yourselves, to your country,
that you should come foiward and go, not for
:o< n, but formeasan s, in the oiganizalion of this
House recording to the will of a majority of the
anti-Nebraska men upon this floor. If you do
not do it, let the consequences rest upon your
head—it will not rest upon mine. I vote ay.
Mr. PARKER (on his name being called) stated
that he had paired off with Mr. Humphrey Mar-
shall.
Mr. PFjARCE(oii his name being called) said:
Iti> propo*-, Mr. Clerk, for members on this floor
to give explanations of their votes; and I suppose
that one great object of e.xplanadon is that every
llcpiesentative may stand properly before b<s
constituents. I wish, therefore, to give a word
of explanation here of the votes that I have given
since we met here as a body for the purpose of
organizing this House. It is well known, Mi.
Clerk, that I first cast my vote for my distin-
guished friend and colleague, Mr. Fuller, of
Luzerne. I was induced to vote for that honor-
able and distinguished gentleman, first, because
of my entertaining strong personal feelings of
friendship for him; and I may be permitted, sir,
to say here, in regard to that gentleman, that—
" To know is but to love him."
It was with the greatest reluctance, therefore, that
I saw myself compelled to leave him and cast my
vote for another.
But I had another reason for casting my voto
for another gentleman. At the time I was voting
for Mr. Fuller, I thought that his views coin-
cided with my own views on this great Nebraska
question. I thought that his views would be per-
fectly satisfactory to my constituents. But after
his honest, manly avowal on this floor, of his
sentiments, (and I give him credit for this honest
and fearless assertion,) I came to the conclusion
that he would not be acceptable to my constitu-
ents. These were my impressions at the time,
and they are so at present.
I then changed my vote; and as 1 have been
attacked at home by those who do not understand
matters as we arc prepared to understand them,
I wish to assign some reasons why I voted for
the distinguished gentleman from Massachusetts,
[Mr. Banks.] I voted for him, first, because 1
had reason to believe that the charges which were
made against that gentleman as to his being a
leader of the ultra Abolitionists of Massachusetts
were not well-founded. I took particular pains
to inquire whether he did act with the ultra Abo-
litionists of Massachusetts, and, from the best
information which I could obtain, I was satisfied
that such was not the case; for I would not voto
for any man here as Speaker whom I regard as
an ultra Abolitionist.
Then, sir, I voted for the gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts for another reason — because I was
satisfied that he was a member of the American
party. [Laughter and applause.] I wish to make
a distinct avowal here, that I would vote for no
man who is not a member of that great, that
glorious, that giant American party. [Applause.]
Being satisfied that he [Mr. Banks] was a mem-
ber of that organization, and that he was a mem-
ber not only for a specific purpose, but honestly
and truly—that he was not only an American,
but one who would not subordinate ins Ameri-
canism to any other ism—I gave him my cordial
support.
Mi. McMULLIN. May I ask the gentleman
from Pennsylvania [Mr. Pearce] one question ?
Mr. PEARCE. I do not want to be inter-
rupted.
Mr. McMULLIN. I only want the gentleman
to point out the difference between Mr. Banks
and an ultra Abolitionist.
Mr. PEARCE. I am not used to being inter-
rogated, and I do not want to be interrupted m
my discourse. I hope, therefore, the gentleman
from Virginia [Mr. McMullin] will not persist
in interrupting me. I repeat, Mr. Clerk, that I
votedforthe gentleman from Massachusetts und^r
this impression. I believed that not only was he
an American, but that he was a true American.
I voted for him again, because a pressure was
brought to bear upon me from home on account
of the non-organization of this House. And
being assured, not only from what I heard here,
in respect to his Americanism, but from his speech
Vhich is on the record, and to which all can refer,
IVtUt bound to support him. He has declared
tllfi his sentiments then are his sentiments now
He stood hero as the strongest anti-Nebraska can-
didate before the House; and I voted for him
because I wished to show my wilhngness to vote
for a man who was net objectionable to my con-
stituents. and that I would not stand in the way
of an organization of this House.
I voted for Mr. Banks again because I repre-
sent a district here which was so strongly aud-
Nebraska in its sentiments and feelings that my
honorable predecessor, [Mr. Gamble,] although
an old-hue Democrat, end e man of sterling wonii
and integrity, and of influence in his party, oast
his vote ever and anon asainst the passage of thj.-t
lull, and was applauded by his party for hirf
manly bearing. I vote for Mr. Banks as an anti-
Nebraska man and an American, because I am
pledged to my constituents to do all that I can do
against the extension of slavery into virgin soil
of the Territories; and he [Mr. Banks] had con-
demned and voted against the passage of the
Kansas-Nebraska bill. I wish to show to my
constituents that I was not th'-re to avow one
thing and e.ame h^re to do another.
These, are rny reasons for having voted for
