336
appendix to the congressional globe.
34th Cong....1st Sess.
Frauds on the Revenue—Mr. James.
[March £0,
Senate.
him the most generous profits? I have not a
doubt, the people of the United States. But he
wishes a market for the excess of his products
over the demand of the home market. Well, air,
by pursuing the proper course he can readily
create that market, and prevent the trouble, delay,
tnd expense of transportation to a foreign one.
Let him encourage our home manufacturers and
mechanics by enabling them to compete success-
fully with foreigners, and he will not only see the
establishments already existing flourishing and
prospering, but see them multiply and spring up
all over the Union, and open a market at his very
door; and this market will be much more prompt,
and steady, and profitable than those on the other
side of the Atlantic. By such means consumers
will be greatly multiplied, and become better able
to purchase the products of the farm.
Mr. President, a great and well-known writer
and statesman, half a century since, made some
remarks on this subject which I beg leave to
quote. Having spoken of the efforts of every
nation to produce from its own soil all it required
of agricultural products, to supply its own wants,
and so regulating its policy ais to admit from
abroad only enough to supply any deficiency, ho
proceeds:
" A consequence of the policy which has been noted is,
that the foreign demand for the products of agricultural
countries is, in a great degree, rather casual and occasional,
than certain or constant."
Again, he says:
"Independently, likewise, of artificial impediments, which
are created by the policy in question, there are natural
causes tending to render the external demand for the surplus
agricultural nations a precarious reliance. The difference
of seasons in the countries which are consumers make
immense differences in the produce of their own soils in
different years, Mid consequently in the degrees of neces-
sity for foreign supply. Plentiful harvests with them, espe-
cially if similar ones occur at the same time in the countries
which are the furnishers, occasion, of course, a glut in the
markets of the latter."
He then says:
" Whatever dependence may be placed on the force of
natural circumstances to counteract the effects of artificial
policy, there appear strong reasons to regard the foreign
demand f«r that surplus as too uncertain a reliance, and
to desire a substitute for it in an. extensive domestic mar-
ket."
Mr. President-, these remarks were uttered fifty
years since, when the idea of American manufac-
turers was an unsolved problem; yet the means
he points out to create the domestic market have,
in part, been applied with complete success. He
Bays:
" To secure such a market there is no other expedient
than to promote manufacturing establishments. Manufac-
turers who constitute the most numerous class, after culti-
vators of the land, are, for that reason, the principal con-
sumers of the Borplus of their labors." " This idea of an
extensive domestic market for the products of the soil is
of the first importance. It is of all tilings that which most
effectually conduces to a flourishing state of agriculture."
Sir, these quotations contain lessons that every
farmer should avail himself of. They have long
since been studied and reduced to practice by the
farmers of manufacturing districts to their profit;
and others, who have, not done so, would do well
to profit by their experience. But almost fright-
ened at the very name of a manufactory, we suffer
our own establishments to languish, and send our
produce abroad, to beg our European friends to
take it at whatever price they may please to offer,
and take pur pay m manufactured goods which
we might have cheaper and bptter at home. We
thus build up foreign interests instead of our own.
And this isour political economy, such as it is.
Mr. PresideQt> let us hear what Jtunes Madison
said on this subject fifty years since, on the floor
of the other House. Said he:
"We consume British manufactures to double the amount
•f what Britain takes of us, and quadruple the amount of
what she actually consumes. We take everything after it
has undergone all the profitable labor that can be bestowed
upon it. She receives, in return, raw materials, the food
of her industry. We send necessaries to her. She sends
superfluities to us,"
Sir, how exactly similar is our present policy.
Still we continue to furnish Great Britain with
raw material and the necessaries of life, and re-
ceive in return many superfluities and other com-
modities, nearly all of which might just as well
be furnished at home, if we would but patronize
•ur own industry and skill. Sir, the mechanic
and manufacturing portion of the United States
consume, of agricultural products such as go to
Europe, many millions of dollars in value more
than we export to Europe, and all they ask is a
simple act of just reciprocity. We afford you, say
they, a better market than you can find in "Europe.
Patronize us, encourage us, by a tariff of duties,
which, while it will injure no one, will favor our
interests, and we will ere long so far increase our
business that we will supply the country with the
vast amount of articles now imported at cheap
rates, and create a market for the surplus of agri-
cultural products at home more certain and more
profitable than can be found abroad. We ask
for no high protective duties. We ask only that
you will discriminate slightly in our favor in the
assessment of the revenue necessary to meet the
expenses of the Government, and the privilege,
as accorded to those like us in foreign lands.
Mr. President, I consider this request but reason-
able and juat; and believe that to grant it would
prove a great and lasting benefit to our country.
We have the tax to pay; and, while it can make
no difference to the community how it is appor-
tioned on articles of import, a very slight degree
of discrimination is of vast importance to the
mechanic and manufacturer. 1 nave shown, sir,
conclusively, as I think, that the prosecution of
manufactures and the mechanic arts in this coun-
try, in competition with Europe, has made a vast
reduction in prices; and this will be found true of
almost every manufactured article we produce.
Let the work be followed up, and we shall see
that the results of the future will quite equal those
of the past.
Mr. President, by the census returns of 1850,
it appears that the amount of capital invested in
the manufactures of cotton, wool, and iron, only,
was but a fraction less than $150,000,000. The
raw materials consumed by these three, cost over
$87,000,000 per annum. Their combined product
is estimated at $160,000,000. Thus, sir, we have
nearly $75,000,000, by means of these three
branches alone, added, mostly by labor, to the
wealth of the country, even though the propri-
etors should gain nothing by their business.
Again, these three branches alone employ near-
ly two hundred thousand persons. The entire
amount of capital employed in all the various
branches, is set down at $530,000,000; while the
number of persons employed exceeds a million.
The raw materials consumed are estimated at
$550,000,000 per annum, and the value of the an-
nual produet at more than $1,000,000,000. This
exhibit shows an anqual absolute creation of
wealth in eur country from these sources, of more
than $450,000,000. Shall we treat such an in-
terest as this as one unworthy of consideration,
and not entitled to favorable notice?
Mr. President, there are unquestionably at least
one million of persons engaged in mechanical and
manufacturing operations in the United States;
probably more. Oh these are dependent for sup-
port at least two millions, and probably three
millions more; and the wants of all thesethree or
four millions are. to be supplied. Then, sir, are
some four millions, or more, to be supplied from
the surplus stores ef the agriculturist, to say noth-
ing of other branches of trade. They can export
but little of their own products. High duties
in foreign countries prevent that. They cannot
import food, for high duties in this country, to
protect the farming interest against foreign com-
petition, preclude this. Hence they are altogether
dependent on home sales for their products, and
home supplies for their food. Thus they become
the best customers to the farmer , and pay him the
best prices. Considering the high price of food
in 1854 compared with 1850, ana taking the
census returns of 1850'for our guide, the amount
of all kinds produced in the United States in 1854,
could not have been far short of $350,000,000; of
this, only about the value of $66,000,000 was ex-
ported. The balance, about $284,000,000, was
consumed at home; and of this balance, probably
nearly the value of $100,000,000 was consumed
by mechanics, manufacturing operatives, persons
in other branches t>f trade who live on the profits
of their dealings with the industrial classes, their
family dependants, <fcc. Let the farmer then look
to this result, and consult his own interest; and
instead of seeking a foreign market, building up
foreign interests, create a market at home amply
capable of absorbing all his surplus produce, by
giving proper encouragement to our own industry
and skill. The idea of reciprocity of trade with
Europe, by furnishing her with food for her oper-
atives, ana receiving the products of their labor
in return, is altogether idle and a mere chimera,
especially with Great Britain. We send her ex-
ports, including our cotton, to alargeamount, and
she sends us back manufactured articles which
we could make ourselves, and leaves us indebted
to her, at the end of the year, some $40,000,000.
Our cotton, it is true, she admits free of duty;
not, however, from a spirit of reciprocity, but to
enable her manufacturers to break down our own,
and to command the market of the world. It re-
sults not in the least to the benefit of the Ameri-
con cotton planter, and serves only as a measure
of protection to the British manufacturer. Let
them succeed in their attempts to produce a sup-
ply in India, and duties will again be imposed on
American cotton, such as will destroy its British
market. Sir, we should do then as England does
—give all reasonable encouragement to our own
industrial institutions, and cotton, like every pro-
duct of the field, will find a better market at home
than abroad.
Mr. President, with the small aid hitherto
afforded by the Government, we have succeeded
so far disciplining labor, applying skill, and im-
proving machinery, as to oe able to distance the
foreign manufacturer and mechanic in the produc-
tion of the coarser and cheaper articles, amongst
which we would class woolens were the raw
material admitted free of duty, and to defy all
competition. And thus far our citizens are fur-
nished, at less prices, better articles than can
be imported of the sort from Europe. Give up
this bill, and we shall learn from experience, in a
comparatively short time, that a similar result in
relation to articles of a finer and more costly de-
scription can be effected. Sir, I am grateful to
the Administration and render them my hearty
approval, for the liberal and enlightened views
exhibited by them with respect to our domestic
policy, on the subject on which I am speaking.
And, sir, I cannot forbear to express my admira-
tion for the masterly manner in which the honor-
able Secretary of the Treasury ha# carried out
his views in the bill I have the honor to present
to the Senate. By no means a friend to protective
duties, he has had the good sense to realize that,
as far as favor could be bestowed on the manu-
facturers, mechanics, and operatives of our coun-
try, without injury to other interest by means of
a free list and discriminating duties, it should be
done to encourage their efforts. The country
will thank him. And, sir, should we doubt the
soundness of his policy, let the bill pass, and I
will hazard the prediction that the experience of
two years, or less, will satisfy us of its correct-
ness.
Mr. President, I may be permitted to say, it is
far from my wish to crush any one interest for
the purpose of building up another. "My wish
is, in all sincerity, to witness the prosperity of all,
and to this end I would equalize the privileges
of all, and afford equal facilities to all, in their
honest efforts in their various lines of business.
The present revenue system, and the mode in
which it has been administered, I am perfectly
satisfied, from my own personal knowledge of
facts, fails in this object, and gives to others, and
especially to the foreign producer, a very great
and unjust advantage over our own; and my only
object is an equitable adjustment, on the true
basis of social and political right. Sir, by the
numerous and immense frauds practiced on the
custom-house by unprincipled importers, by
means of false invoices, false swearing, and in
other ways, not only has the Government been
defrauded of immense sums, but our manufac-
turers , mechanics, artisans, and operatives greatly
injured; having been thereby deprived of a great
part of the benefit the law designed to confer.
This bill, sir, in my view, is eminently calculated
to check, effectually, this iniquitous mode of
procedure. It is one of the main features of the .
bill, and reflects much credit on its author, the
honorable Secretary of the Treasury.
Mr. President, I cannot but hope—I cannot
myself doubt—that the measure will command
the approbation of Congress, that we shall pass
