1836.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1837
when he says that this bill does not discriminate
in favor of any particular class of officers. Why,
sir, it is confined to officers of the line and those
mastered in the State lines. The mihtia officers
are entirely excluded. The rank and file are
entirely excluded. The grandchildren of the offi-
cers of the line receive pay, while none but the
widows and children—and the orphan children
at that —of the officers of the State line get any
pay. I apprehend that none of these officers are
now living, nor are any of their widows; so that
the bill does make a discrimination in favor of a
particular class.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. The reply of the
gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. Broom] who
reported this bill, was what I expectcd it would
be. I was aware that the bill provided for a par-
ticular class of officers—that it did not include a
portion of the officers, or any of the rank and
file. But, sir, his report stating1 that fact will not I
lie embodied in the report of the debates of this j
House; it will not go out to the country, but it j
will be buried in the documents of the House. I I
want, therefore, the statement of the gentleman •
himself to go upon the record here, that it is a '
bill for the benefit of a particular class, to the ex- ;
elusion of the great majority of those who par-
ticipated iu the struggle winch resulted in the
liberties of this < ountry.
But the gentleman says that there was a con-
tract; that a resolution was passed 111 1780 giving
half pay for life to such of the officers of the lino
as should remain in the service until the close of
the war, and that in that half pay for life
was changed for five years' full pay? Now, sir, as
1 understand it, those officers were the first who
made application for the change. They them-
selves piefened to take five years'full pay to the
haif pay for life.
Then the gentleman says there was no con-
tract made with the rank and file. I ask him if
the bill does not include surgeons' mates, and I
ask him whether there was any contiact with
them J If there was, 1 am not aware of it. Then
why should you provide for this particular class,
and leave out others as meritorious and as wor-
th v ?
Mr. BENNETT, of Mississippi, {interrupt- '
ing.) Mr. Speaker, 1 desire to ask the gentleman
from Tennessee [Mr. Jones] a question. It is |
this: Do I understand htm as basing his objec- j
tion to this bill upon the ground thalxome of the
officers of the Revolution were not provided for,
ami that soldieis of that war also were excluded ? ;
i ask if it is just that those oili 'eis who staved :
in the revolutionary war, and who are provided
for m this bill, should be denied that right, which, j
in my opinion, they ate unquestionably entitled j
to, b-'cause others who aie justly entitled have !
not been pro\ided for in the InlP I ask the gen-
tleman if it would not bo more magnanimous to [
piopose an amendment to the bill so as to em-J
brace those who may be entitled to pay, than 1
attempt in this way to exclude those who are j
justly entitled ? ji
Mr. JONES. I understand the gentleman from
Mississippi [Mr. Bexxiztt] to ask me whv I 'j
object to carrying out the rontiact made with <
these officers, giving them half pay for life ' I
answer, I object to it because it is confi rrmg '
privileges and favors upon ihose who have long
since left this stage of action. I ask the gentle- !
man how many of these officers are still living' .
Who of tbcm have come hen1 and ask<d for this '
change? I ask him if these office! s did not take,
voluntarily, the live years' full pay in lieu of
tiieif half pay for hie? t ask, again, it those
men did not tak" advantage of i!ie geiieial pen-
sion law parsed pi 1K30, or I do not !
remember pre'Ut-cly tlie date by which they re- ■
ceived fail pay until the day of their deaths. I
can see ti"ither justice nor propriety m any such 1
discriminating h 'ii-huioii. In my opinion, the
principal beneficiaries uiuhr this bdi will be the 1
claims agents, who prosecute and get money under i
all such bills. [
Mr. SMITH, of Vhginia. Mr. Speaker, I !
wish to say a few words on this bill. I must be ,
allowed to express my surprise at the remaiks of 1
the gentleman who has lust taken his seat, it |
seems impossible for him to discuss anything i
before this House without making an appeal :
that injustice is done because everybody is not |
included. . , '
What are the facts in this case? By a resolu-
tion passed by the Continental Congress of 1780,
a certain contract was entered into with the offi-
cers of the revolutionary army, and with nobody
else than those officers. That contract was set
aside, as the gentleman from North Carolina
states, by universal consent. It was set aside at
the instance of„a portion of the officers, and many
were compelled by their necessity to go into an
arrangement which they disliked.
Mr. CRA1GE. I ask the gentleman whether
the bill of 1783 was not passed at the instance of
the officers themselves ? and whether it was not,
after its passage, accepted by lines ?
Mr. SMITH. I say that it was accepted by a
portion of the officers of the line, because, let the
House and the country remember, they could not
get the benefit of their half pay for life, and there
was ahope thatsomething might be realized outof
the proposition submitted by a portion, though not
by all of the officers. This vote by line was com
pulsion on many of them. I wish the gentleman
from North Carolina to bear this in mind: that
he will look at the matter in that light. When
this question came up, and the Congress of that
day agreed to give a commutation of five years'
full pay for half pay for life, it was under the ex-
pectation, on the part of these officers, who were
utterly penniless, and turned out into the woild
Without the means of subsistence or to protect
them from the pelting of the merciless storms,
that sotnp provision would be: made by this means
by which they would get the benefit of the altered
contract. What are the facts? The Government
itself was poor. It was no more able to pay this
allowance of five years'full pay than it was to pay
that for half pay for life. They issued the cer-
tificates, and what were they worth ? 1 put the
question to the gentleman fiom Noith Carolina,
and the gentleman from Tennessee. I put it to
their sense of justice. What were these certifi-
cates worth ?
Mr. CRAIGE. I do not know what was their
marketable value. But I apprehend that a gen-
tleman so well acquainted with the Revolutionary
history of the country as the gentleman from
Virginia is, must know that this favored class
obtained neaily everything that was obtained from
the legislation of Congress on this subject. They
not only obtained their own half pay for life, but
(hoy bought up the chum* of the soldiers, and
located with them land m Vngnua, Kentucky,
North Carolina, and other States. While they
received a portion of their pay under the act of
1783, thecommon soldiers did not get a solitary
cent.
Mr. JONES. The gentleman from Virginia
has called on me, and 1 will respond to his in-
quny.
Mr. SMITH. I will yield to the gentleman if
he will respond directly to my questions.
Mr. JONES. Very weli. These officers ob-
tained their five years' full pay certificate^ Sub-
sequently Congress passed the funding act, includ-
: ing, among other descriptions of debt, these com-
mutation certificates. When those in and about
Congiess were apprised of what was going on,
when it was asceitamed thehillwould pa^s, they J
sent their ag< nts into the country and purcha^ d j
much of tins debt at one shilling in the pound, oi '
five cents m the dollar, and in a uny shoit time j
| they were woithone hundred cents in the dollar, j
| Air. SMITH. I confess that I cannot appro- j
ciate the force of the argument which the gentle- i
; man makes, nor can i appreciate the want of |
pioper sympathy with the distresses of the gal- j
lainsoldieis of the Revolution. j
! Mr. CRAIGE. The soldieis are not included i
, in this hill. _ |
| Mr. SMITH. I put the question to the gen- j
i tleman from Tf nnesxi.e and the gentleman from ;
j North Carolina what were these certificates i
1 worth, and the [1oum  has htard their answer. I
It will be seen how little germane it is to the qaes- '
| tion put. But I appeal to the House, I appeal to
I every manly feeling m it w ith confidence, and ask
' them too look to the war-worn veteian of the
i Revolution who, after having won our liberties,
j is turned out m the world destitute of t vei y means
' of subsistence. What was it we gave him?!
! Certificates. What were thejgworth* Twelve .
I and a half cents in the dohar. is it any answer to
j the claims now preferred, that these men, who
I had achieved the victory of the Revolution and .
established a great government of freedom,
through their necessities were forced to go to
shavers, and sell the fruit of their hard-earned toils
for such a trifle J Is that any answer ? No, sir;
none in the world. There they were shoeless,
coatless, penniless—without the means of sub-
sistence, after having given to the world a great
nation. They came to Congress for bread, and
we gave them a stone.
This being the case, what are we bound to do
now ? Let the House consider what is asked at
its hands. These officers were entitled to half
pay for life. They could not get it. A propo-
sition was made by a portion of the officers for a
commutation of that contract; General Washing-
ton said that the half pay for life was the means
of saving the country. It was proposed to com-
mute the contract into five years' full pay. A
portion of the officers accepte'd the commutation.
It was compulsory on others.
Mr. HOUSTON. If the gentleman will per-
mit me, I will ask him a question.
Mr. SMITH. I hope the gentleman will not
interrupt me.
Mr. HOUSTON. My object is to understand
the gentleman's position.
Mr. SMITH. I cannot yield. The gentle-
man over the way is interested in bringing this
matter to a head.
Mr. HOUSTON. I only wish to ask one ques-
tion, and it is this: I understood the gentleman
from North Carolina to say that the officers ac-
cepted five years' full pay; but the gentleman
fiom Virginia,asT understood him, just remarked
that only a portion of them accepted it. Now I
desire to know whether they all accepted it, or
only a portion of them ?
Mr. SMITH. 1 suppose it is a well-known
fact that all did not accept it. There are many
reasons why (hey did not; but then I agree that a
great majority of them did accept.
Mr. WASFIBURN, of Maine. If the gen-
tleman from Virginia will allow me a few mo-
ments, I will demand the previous question.
Mr. SMITH. 1 have not yet finished my re-
nuuks, but will yield to the gentleman before I
conclude. What do these officers now ask?
They ask now, through their representatives,
that, as a matter of justice, and while we have
a full TiiMMiiy, they should be charged wuh
tin ir five years' full pay—not what they got for
it, not the twelve and a half per ccut. which way
then the price of these certificates—but that they
should be chaiged with the five years' full pay,
the full face of the certificates, and that they shall
1)0 paid the balance of their half pay for life, un-
der that contiact which Washington said had
been the means of preserving the American army.
And what is the objection to it? It is that the
soldier is not embraced in the provision. Let
gentlemen go and quarrel with the Continental
Congress, and with the political power of that
day. We are not hound to give bounty land to
those engaged m the war of the Revolution,
except as we are bound to this class of officers
who claim under contract.
I will now yield the floor to the gentleman from
Maine, as 1 beluve he wishes to say something
in this connection.
Mr. WASHBURN. 1 desire to say that,
three or four yeais ago, I happened to come
across a report made in the Senate by Judge
Evans, of South Carolina, upon this subject. I
was not then fami'iar with the case, and knew
nothing of its merits until then. I lead the report,
and became satisfied that here was a legal, just,
and equitable claim upon thisGovernment, which
it was bound, m all honor and good faith, to dis-
charge.
It seems, as the gentleman fiom Virginia has
pertinently and forcibly said, that during the Rev-
olution, and in *h" hour of our extreme need, Con-
gress proposed to the officers of the Army that, if
thev would continue m the service until th-^ close
of the war, they should have half pay for hie.
They did so. At the close of the war, and m the
condition m which the country th. n found .tscK,
some'officers of the army—not a mnjoihy of
them—proposed a commutation tor !ui5 pay for
fi\e years, m lieu of half pay for life. A lull of
that kind was passed. It em bract. d rd) the officers;
but whether they received the commutation or
not, they w^re entitled bu contract, entitled by the
solemn pledge of this Government, to receive
