$38
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 16,
Mr. DUNN. I have to state to the gentleman
from Ohio and to the House, and, adopting the
common parlance here, " to the country," that I ^
am not answerable to the gentleman, nor to this j
House,norto any one outside of my own district,
for any votes which I may give here for Speaker.
There, sir, I can make this matter satisfactory;
I can make it satisfactory upon the record I now
hold in my hand. I will be held to no responsi-
bility here, and I will submit to no reflections on
my course here.
Mr. SHERMAN. The gentleman from Indiana
certainly could not have supposed that I intended
to cast any reflection upon him. The responsi-
bility for the organization of this House is a public
matter. The people of the country are looking to
tis and fixing the responsibility here and there and
elsewhere. I have a right to my own judgment
as to where the responsibility rests, and I will
express it freely and frankly. Having expressed
my opinion upon that point, I say this, that the
only way in which those gentlemen who have
been acting separately from us can remove the
responsibility is by adducing to this House a
good reason why Mr, Banks is not fit to occupy
that chair. If they can cast the least shadow of
suspicion upon him—if they can show that he
has demanded pledges or promises in order to
obtain that position—if they can cast even a
shadow of dishonor upon him, I will be the first
man to leave him;—ay, if they will give to the
House any reason that would satisfy even gentle-
men on the other side that Mr. Banks is unfit for
that position, I will leave him, and vote for the
gentleman from Indiana, or for anybody else;
but since they have failed to give any such reason,
I have felt myself bound uniformly and honestly
to vote for the distinguished gentleman from
Massachusetts. I shall continue so to vote here-
after.
But this proposition is made by one of our
friends—the gentleman from Iowa, [Mr. Tiior-
ington.] I do not pin my faith either to Mr.
Banks or to Mr. Campbell. I am an independent
Representative here, and 1 will vote for any one
of a dozen—ay, of a score of those who have
been acting with me upon this side of the House.
I will vote for no Administration man. [ will
not vote for the gentleman fiom Pennsylvania,
[Mr. Fuller.] If the sorry alternative should
be presented to me, T would rather vote for the
gentleman from Illinois, [Mr. Richardson',] bo-
cause we are told that the gentleman from Penn-
sylvania represents an anti-Nebraska constitu-
ency, and was elected, to some extent, upon that
principle, and the shadow of a constituency
whose sentiments he does not express rises up in
judgment against him.
Mr. FULLER, of Pennsylvania. As the charge
now made by the gentleman from Ohio has been
variously repeated, 1 will suite a single fact: At
the same election when I was returned a member
of this House, ex-Governor Bigler, now United
States Senator from Pennsylvania, was a candi-
date for the office of Governor, standing upon the
same platform with my competitor, addressing
the people from the same stand, and advocating
substantially the same measures. Pie carried the
district by a handsome majority; I was eh'ctcd
by over two thousand majority, i would not
have alluded to this fact but to correct a wrong
impression, and to show that it was not the anti-
Nebraska issue which determined thai election.
It is but just to say, that a strong feeling exited
in my district adverse to the repeal of the Mis-
souri compromise; but I feel assured that I am
now representing the wishes of a large majority
of my constituents in resisting further agita-
tion.
Mr. SHERMAN. I will take the gentleman's
declaration ay true, as no doubt it is. But he has
declared upon this floor, that, if lie hart been a
member of the bat Congress, he would have
voted against the repeal of the Missouri com-
promise as on unwise and useless violation of
public faith: and yet he tells you this paradox,
that now, if he had the power, he would not
reinstate that prohibition of slavery in the ter-
ritory north and west of Missouri.
Mr. HOUSTON. He said that he would do it.
Mr. SHERMAN. No, sir, I think he went
beyond that the oth't day. His position, at any
rate, is known to the House and the country.
Now, I hold that, if the repeal was wrong, all
northern men and southern men ought to come
forward, and help us reinstate that restriction.
Nothing less than that will satisfy the country;
! and if it is not done, as it probably will not be,
' we will maintain our position of resisting the
admission of Kansas as a slave State, under all
possible circumstances.
The CLERK. The gentleman's time has ex-
pired.
Mr. SHERMAN. I vote ay.
Mr. SIMMONS (when his name was called)
said: It will not take long for me to express my
views in reference to this resolution. When we
first commenced voting for a Speaker, I voted for
Mr. Campbell, of Ohio. Had he not withdrawn
his name, I should have supported him up to this
time, and would have refused to vote for any other
candidate who might have been sprung upon me.
I ccrtainly preferred him to any other man, but
I did not come here to represent any particular
man I came here to represent principles, and I
will vote for Mr. Campbell, or Mr. Banks, or
any man who represents those principles. This
talk about " letting the Union slide," goes for
nothing with me, especially when it comes from
persons who attempt to maize, it slide upon every
■ opportunity. I am ready to vote for any man
! who represents the true principle. I do not wish
it to be extravagantly represented. I would prac-
tice moderation and forbearance. I would cheer-
fully vote for the gentleman from New Jersey,
[Mr. Pennington-,] but I cannot consent to give
' any vote that nnght seem to indicate that Mr.
' Banks has forfeited our coufidcnco, simply bc-
, cause he has been slandered by our opponents.
; I will not consent to that. I vote no.
i Mr. STANTON (when his name was called)
! said: I dislike this practice of giving reasons for
i our votes. It is a bad practice. But I trust I
| shall be excused for following U on this occasion.
I The record, Mr. Clerk, will bear mo witness that
! I have been ready at any time, when my vote
i would accomplish that result, to elect my col-
league [Mr. Campbell] Speaker of this IXouse.
: Gentlemen have spoken of having "voted m good
i faith'" for my colleague. I have to .say, that I give
■ no votes that are not given in good faith. When
I vote for gentlemen, [ desire to elect thorn.
; I regard this pioposition, Mr. Clerk, whatever
I may have been the intent of its mover, as caleu-
■ kited, above all others that could have been intro-
; due^d into this House, to sow the seeds of discord
| and jealousy amongst the anti-Nebraska mem-
1 hers of this Mouse, and to result in our ultimate
■ defeat. Every gentleman must have seen foi
1 weeks pusi, that the only practicable mode of
electing a Speaker here is by an ultimate resort
1 to a resolution to elect by a plurality. The ques-
! tion as to vehen that shall lie done is the only
remaining question. It is a mere question of time.
; No gentleman can receive a majority of votes upon
; this floor for the post of Speaker.
; Now, what gentleman does not see in the move-
1 meiits that have been going on here for a week
! past, a studied and systematic effort on the part
| of gentlemen opposed to the anti-Nebiaska mem-
| bers of this House, to sow the seeds of discord
! amongst us, so that we shall not be able to cast
j the largest vote, and give a plurality to a gentle-
: man upon this side of the House.
I I will not contribute, by any vote of mine, to
aid m any such undertaking. No gentleman can
: fail to appreciate the difficulty which underlies
the organization of this House, and winch di-
j vides "the people of this country. It is the great
]' practical question as to whether there shall or
I shall not be slavery in the Territories of Kansas
I: and Nebraska. That is the question. Tt is no
j: speculative or theoretical question. It is not a
■| question which has no practical influence, but it
ij is the gnat question whether those Territories
> and future States shall be cultivated by slave or
; by free labor. They cannot be cultivated by both;
j they must be devoted to one or the other.
1 Now, sir, the facts presented before the House
! and the country are these: 1 hold that all the anti-
Nebraska men of the H ouse have united upon the
| distinguished gentleman from Massachusetts,
! [Mr. Banks.] He is the unquestioned choice of
, a very huge majority of the anti-Nebiaska mem-
! bers of this House; there can be no doubt about
; that. I do not believe that any gentleman who
1 holds cut, and refuses to aid Ins brethren, is m
I good faith an anti-Nebraska man and opposed to
slavery in those Territories, because his conduct
shows the contrary.
Mr. LEITER. Does my colleague mean to
say, by implication or otheiwise, that those of us
who are voting for this resolution are not sincere
in our opposition to the extension of slavery ?
Mr. STANTON. Certainly not. I refer to
those who have been voting against Mr. Banks
for the last five or six weeks. I believe that the
end of this struggle—if there is to be any end to
it at all—will be that a Speaker of this House will
be clccted by a plurality vote. I believe that it
is the part of wisdom for the anti-Nebraska mem-
bers of this House to avoid all these traps that
are set to encourage discord and division in our
ranks, and carefully and patiently bide our time.
Permit me to make one other remark, and to
state one fact, before I cast my vote. The one
hundred and five gentlemen who have voted for
Mr. Banks upon this floor represent ten millions
of the white inhabitants of this country, whilst
all the residue of this House together represent
but a fraction over nine millions ! That is ac-
cording to the census of 1850, and the increase
of population since that census was taken would
still further increase the disparity.
Now, I feel perfectly easy in my position. I
stand here, with a large plurality of the members
of this House, representing an absolute majority
of the people of this country, voting steadily for
the honorable member from Massachusetts. If
there is any portion of this House that can afford
to maintain its position, I belong to that portion.
If the duty of yielding for the purpose of effect-
ing an organization rests especially upon any
section of this House, it rests upon those who
are organized into smaller parties. If no such
duty rests upon any particular section of the
House, then the duty devolves upon the whole
House to elect by a plurality. The largest sec-
tion of the House has tendered that mode of elec-
tion. It is one which has been clearly and un-
mistakably indorsed by the Democratic party.
As has already been remarked, there are four gen-
tlemen here belonging to that party who voted for
it in 3849, and who steadily vote against it now.
If it should be adopted now, I think the result
would be very doubtful. I think it almost prob-
able that it would elect the gentleman from Illi-
nois. I think the seeds of discord have been
sown so deeply and widely, that we shall not be
able to rally a plurality for any gentleman on this
side of the House.
As I have already said, I feel perfectly easy in
regard to my position. Wewho have been voting
for the honorable member from Massachusetts
have done all that patriotism and duty can de-
mand at our hands, and having done that, we can
afford to bide our time and await the result. If
gentlemen choose to disorganize this Government,
and bring on a sectional controversy in the elec-
tion of a Speaker, I am as ready to meet them
now as at any other time. I vote no.
Mr. STEPHENS (when his name was called)
said: I do not rise to give any reasons for my
vote, but I rise to correct the gentleman from
Pennsylvania [Air. Pirrivi ance] in two particu-
lars. He stated that I had said on some occasion
in this I-Xouse that there was not a majority of
anti-Nebraska men. The gentleman is mistaken.
What [ said was, that we had had no indication
here that would warrant the conclusion that there
was an anti-Nebraska majority: but that, on the
contrary, the demonstrations on the floor up to that
time tended to show that there w as not such a
majority. I do not know how the matter will
turn out. I believe that a majority of the mem-
bers of this House, at tie tine of their election,
were churned as anti-Nebraska men, and I came
up here preparrd to meet a decided majority
against the Nebraska bill, and in favor of its
repeal; but a considerable change has been going
on on this subject, I think. How it now is i do
not protend to know—whether the majority is for
repeal or not.
The other matter in regard to which I desire
to correct the gentleman is, in what he s.-nd about
the resolution passed by the friends oi the gen-
tleman from Illinois [Mr. Richardson] at the
beginning of tins sos^ion. I w.s not present at
that meeting, bu* I cordially approve of the senti-
ment of that resolution. The gentleman charges
the want of the organization of this House upon
that resolution. I think differently, sir. Pie
