1856.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1889
should be viewed as it really wa3, a reasonable compensa-
tion offered by Congress at a time when they had nothing
else to give 10 the officers of the Army for sei vices to be
perfomied. It was the only means to prevent a total derelic-
tion of the service ; it was a part of their hire ; I may be
allowed to say it was the price of their blood and of your
independence. It is, therefore, more than a common, debt ;
it is a debt of honor ; it can never be consideied as a pen-
sion or a gratuity, nor canceled until it is fairly dist hargpd.,)
Now, sir, that debt can never be fairly dis-
charged, until you shall have recognized the legis-
lation of the Congress of 1780, and passed a bill
for the just setUament of those claims.
Mr. FAULKNER. Will the gentleman from
Pennsylvania, before he takes his seat, inform
me whether the proposed legislation for the ben-
efit of the officers of the revolutionary Avar, has
originated in any application made by them, or
their heirs, or whether it has sprung from the
voluntary and unsolicited sense of the justice of
Congress ?
Mr. BROOM. In both. The heirs of the rev-
olutionary officers in Massachusetts, in Penn-
sylvania, in Maryland, and I believe in Virginia,
have petitioned Congress for the passage of this
law.
Mr. CRAIGE. I dislike to interrupt the gen-
tleman further, but the gentleman speaks of those
who vote against the passage of this bill, as repu-
diating a debt which we owe to the soldiers of
the revolutionary war. Now, I think that such
a charge comes with a very bad grace from that
gentleman. Upon his own statement, these offi-
cers never received more than one eighth of the
full value of "their five years' full pay; and in de-
ducting the full amount of that full pay in this
bill, according to the gentleman's own statement,
those who vote for the bill repudiate the principal
of the debt itself, and they allow no interest upon
the money due them many years ago.
Mr. BROOM. This bill involves no violation
of contract with those officers. It is a compliance
in every respect with the terms of the contract,
and is only a compliance therewith. And, sir,
when I am satisfied that it is a matter of justice
to these officers, I would grant it to them with
gratitude, though it took every dollar out of the
Treasury; notwithstanding the tender sensibilities
of the gentleman from North Carolina, (and these
with whom he acts,) in guarding the public treas-
ures, and who certainly, in this instance, has no
ground on which to find fault with the bill because
it does not include interest in those claims, the
heirs being satisfied to receive the principal alone.
The question was taken on the passage of the
bill; and it was decided in the affirmative—yeas
10G, nays 60; as follows:
YEAS--Messrs. Aiken, Hall, I'atbour, Barclay, Hell,
Ilenty Iiennm, HendleyS. Bennett, Benson, ftilhnchurct,
lJushop, Bowie, Biad-li.iw, Broom, Bufhntoit, Burnett,
James H. Campbell, Lewis, 1). Campbell, Carhle, Ca<kie,
Chatleu, Claw'ton, Comm-, Covode, Daimeil, Ilenty Winter
Davi-, Dick, Kduk, Kdnmnd<on, Emrte, English, Foster,
llrnry M. Fuller, Galloway, Gilbert, Goode, Granger, Giovv,
Robert 11 Hall, J. Moirisou Ilams, JIarrwm, Haven, Hoff-
man, Thomas R. llortou, Valentine B. llorton, J. Glaney
Jones, Kelsey, Kennett, lung, Kriapp, Knight, Knox, Kun-
Itel, Lmdley, Mace, Ilumphiev Mar.-hali, Miitteson, Max-
well, Kiihan Aliller, Moure, Morrill, Mutt, Parkei, Peck.
Pennington, Pemt, Powell, Pumance, Rtjady, llieaud^
Ritchie, Rivers, Bobbins, Sabm, Sage, Sapp, Shortoi, Sim-
mons, William Smith, William It. Smith, Spinner, Stew-
art, Stranahan, T.ippan, Taylor, Thonrigton, Thurston,
Todd, Tralton, Ty-on, Underwood, Vail, Valk. Wake-
man, Walker. Cadwalader C. Wa^hbuine, Eihlni It. Wa-h-
buine, iMael Wa-libmn, W,it-on, Wel< h, Wells, Whitney,
Win-low, Woodiulf, Woodvvorth, John V. Wright, and
Zollicoffer-— IOC.
NAYS—.Mes-ts. Allison, Baiksriale. Bliss, Biancli, Bren-
ton, Ezra Ciark, Howell Cobb, Williamson 11. W. Cobb,
Cnuge, Crawfoid, Cnmb.ick, Davnl-on, Day. Dean, Denver,
JDodd, Dowdell, Dunn, Edward?-, Flaglei, Gidding^, Green-
wood, H.ulan, Samjwm W. II.itri--, Ilollovvay, Houston,
Husrhston, Geoijre W. Jones, Knowhon, Lake, Leiter,
Letcher, Samuel S Mai shall. McCarty, Smith Millei, Mill-
son, Moijran, Noitou, Andiew Oliver, Packer, Pen\, Phelp-',
Puryeai, (.initinan, llu-t, Sandid«*e, Savane, Seward,
Samuel A. Smith, Sneed, Stanton, Stephens, Talbott,
Wade. Walbndiie, Waidrou, Warner, Williams, Wood,
and Daniel 15. Wright—GO.
So the bill was passed.
Pending the call of the roll,
Mr. DCJNN stated that his colleague, Mr.
Scott, was detained from his seat by illness.
Mr. SAGE stated that Mr. Swope had paired
off with Mr. Dicksom for this day.
Mr. FAULKNER (when his name was called)
said: I ask to be excused from voting on the
passage of this bill, as i shall, if the bill passes,
derive a direct benefit from its provisions, being
one of the only two lineal descendants of one of
these officers of our revolutionary aimy embraced
by the bill. I may be allowed to say that I did
not know, until the fact was stated in the House
to-day, that any application for the benefit of these
provisions had ever been made by any officer, or
Mr. GREENWOOD (when his name was
called) said that, as the bill under consideration
provided only for the heirs of the officers, to the
exclusion of the heirs of the bare-footed soldier,
he should vote in the negative.
Mr. BROOM moved to reconsider the vote by
which the bill was passed, and also moved to lay
the motion to reconsider on the table; which lat-
ter motion was agreed to.
MESSAGE FROM THE SENATE.
A message was received from the Senate, by
Asbury Dickins, their Secretary, informing the
House that the Senate had passed a resolution
and bills of the following titles; in which he was
directed to ask the concurrence of the House:
A resolution for the settlement of the account
of Charles M. Strader and Edward P. Johnson,
mail contractors;
An act making appropriations for the comple-
tion of the piers at the harbor of Monroe, in the
State of Michigan; N
An act making an appropriation for completing
the harbor of St. Joseph, in the State of Michi-
gan ; and
An act making an appropriation for the con-
struction of a harbor at the mouth of Clinton
river, in the State of Michigan.
CALIFORNIA LAND CLAIMS.
The SPEAKER stated the business regularly
in order to be the consideration of the bill of the
House (No. 188) to expedite the issuing of pat-
ents for confirmed land claims m California, it
having been postponed until this day, upon
which the gentleman from California [Mr. Den-
ver] was entitled to the floor.
Mr. PHELPS. I desire to make a suggestion
in refeiencc to this bill. When, some time since,
this bill was postponed to a day certain, the gen-
tleman from California [Mr. Denver] was enti-
tled to the floor. From conversation I have had
with both the members from California, I believe
it is their wish that both should be present
whenever it comes up for consideration. The
gentleman's colleague is not now here. With the
consent of the gentleman from California who is
entitled to the floor, therefore, 1 will move to
postpone the further consideration of the bill until
Wednesday of next week.
Mr. H. A1ARSHALL. I see no reason why
this bill should be postponed further. It is a very
late period of the session; and it seems to me
hardly worth while to postpone it longer. I hope
the gentleman who is entitled to the iloor will
proceed.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. I rise to a
privileged question. 1 call up the resolutions of the
Committee of Elections upon the Kansas con-
tested-election case.
Mr. PHELPS. Is that in order?
The SPEAKER. It is, the gentleman from
California having yielded the floor for a motion
to postpone.
Mr. DENVER. I did not yield the floor to the
gentleman from Missouri for the purpose of
making a motion to postpone; 1 only yielded for
a suggestion.
Air. PHELPS. Certainly, I made no motion.
The SPEAKER. Then the gentleman from
California is entitled to the floor.
Air. WASHBURN Am I not entitled to the
floor?
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Cal-
ifornia has the floor. It will be competent for
the gentleman to call up his question of privilege
when the gentleman from California has con-
cluded his lemarks.
Mr. WASHBURN. I give notice that I will
call up the Kansas contested-election case as soon
as I can get the floor.
Air. DENVER. What is the condition of the
bill before the House?
The SPEAKER. There is a motion pending t
to recommit the bill. j
Air. DENVER. I oiler a substitute for the |
bill, by way of instructions to the committee.
The substitute was read. •
Mr. DENVER said: Mr. Speaker, no bill has !
ever been presented to Congress of so much im- i
eortance to the State of Californiain all its bear-
ings as the one now under consideration. That
the .people of that State have been wronged, no
one can deny. I am willing to go as far as the
gentleman from Kentucky ["Mr. H. Marshall]
in complaining of the wrongs done to the claim-
ants under Spanish and Mexican grants—nay,
1 will go further than he goes, and say no greater
wrong was ever imposed by a Government on a
portion of her population. I will go still further,
and say that I believe that the General Govern-
ment ought to reimburse to those claimants every
dollar they have been compelled to expend in the
prosecution of their claims under the laws of Con-
gress; for I believe they have a just and equitable
claim against the Government for that amount.
Under the law of Congress they were forced into
the courts, and as a just guardian of the interests
of her citizens, she is bound to save them harm-
less.
But while I am willing to go thus far, J am
also bound to say that still greater wrongs may
be done than those already inflicted. In con-
sidering a question of so much importance, it
becomes our duty to examine it with reference
to the interests of the whole population, and not
in regard to that of a portion only Under the
laws of Congress, and the decisions of the Su-
preme Court of the United States, other interests
have sprung up, and it becomes necessary to ex-
amine them before final action should be had on
so grave a subject.
Under the decisions of the Supreme Court, all
lands were declared to be public lands, until the
private land claims were definitely marked out
by metes and bounds, so as to enable all persons
to ascertain their exact limits. The preemption
laws passed by Congress give to settlers on the
public lands a vested interest in the same, and it
becomes a question of vast importance to ascer-
tain how far the two interests will conflict. All
the rights to lands in the State of California are
piesuined to pass through, and be derived from,
the General Government. The preemptionera
claim a vested right to lands which, under the
decisions of the Supreme Court, formerly made,
would have been declared as part of the public
domain. The claimants under Spanish and Mexi-
can grants deiive title through the United States,
under grants made by another Government, and
secured to them by the treaty of Guadalupe
Hidalgo.
But before proceeding further in this view of
the subject, I now propose to take up the bill
under consideration, and to examine it with ref-
erence to its provisions, and the effect which I
believe it will produce.
It will be seen, by reference to the bill, that it
proposes to grant patents for all land claims which
have been confirmed by the board of commis-
sioners, or by the United States district court,
or by the Supieme Court of the United States,
"prior to the first of January, 1856," wherein the
quantity of lands confirmed shall not equal or
exceed eleven square leagues. Now, sir, as this
limitation as to time is an amendment proposed
by the Committee on the Judiciary, I have no
doubt that those gentlemen can give a good reason
for it. 1 will therefore call on the gentleman from
Kentucky, [Air. H. Marshall,] who seems to
have taken charge of this bill, for the reasons that
induced them to insert such an amendment. The
gentleman doe& not answer. .
Air. II. MARSHALL. The consideration
that operated on the mind of the committee in re-
porting this amendment was this: 1 thought the
gentleman from California was as cognizant of
the facts as I was myself. It was asserted while
the bill was pending before the committee—it was
asserted by an eminent citizen of California—
that there was a suspicion in the country that the
Lnnantour claim was not founded in honesty—
that the claim was extended so far as to embrace
a portion of land dedicated to a fortification of the
United States, to land already occupied by the
United States—that, m fact, it was not a proper
claim. The committee intioduced the limitation
as to time expressly to cut off this claim. Wo
did not know of any other chum that would fall
within the limitation. We hcaid of none.
Air. DENVER. That ts just what 1 supposed.
There is a conflict between certain chums wherein
the Pueblo lands of the city of San Francisco are
involved. The lands belonging to the city of San
