1856.}
APPENDIX TO TflEE ;OQNCrR^S§JQNA|b GLOBE.
m
34th Con®.... 1st Sess.
Kansas Contested Election—Mr. Davis, of Maryland.
JJo. or Reps.
declared by the Governor to have been legally
elected did finally determine that the House was
duly organized. - So that, in whichever aspect we
choose to consider the question—whether it be, as
I believe, finally under the control of the Governor,
or whether it be, as the President has suggested—
and mistakenly in my judgment—a common-law
power in a body that possesses no common-law
power to review the Governor's decision, the
result is still the same; the power of revision has
confirmed and accepted the provisional judgment
of the Governor. Even accepting the charges
made in this report as facts, the report impeaches
the election of only thirteen; so that one half the
House remains above all exception, and the cer-
tificates to the six now challenged surely sufficed
to constitute them, till ousted by some recognized
authority, abody competent to determine its own
organization—to recognize its . own constituent
elements; and this they have decided. And it is
not pretendedthat there is any other power which,
treating it as a mere question of election law,
could pass on the subject.
But there is another aspect of the-subject which
has not been met on the side of the House—I
should rather say on this side of the question on
which I happen to be—for I cannot say that I
stand on eitner side of the House. I am like my
friend from Indiana, [Mr. Dunn,] resting self-
foised between the struggling extremes in this
[ouse—on the debatable ground, according to the
existing outlines of parties. There is another
aspect in which this question has been pressed.
It has been involved in all the arguments on one
side of the House; I respectfully submit that it has
not been met by any of the arguments of the
other side.
The case intended to be made by tlie committee
is not one coming within the ordinary election
law—not a mere question of political election law,
but one where the sword has been cast into the
balance, whtere the rights of the people have been
trampled down, where a foreign force "has invaded
the country and usurped the voice and spoken
in the borrowed tones of the law, where there is
division among the people, wherethey stand half
«nd half ready to draw the sword of civil war, and
to abide by its ultimate arbitrament. The ques-
tion thus raised and chiefly debated by-the sup-
porters of the committee is a question of civil war,
civil discord, and rebellion. I am ready,to meet
that aspect of the case.
I ask if our system is so imperfect that that case,
happening within the States and Territories of
the Union, has been left without an ultimate ar-
biter? 1 ask if there be no power to stay civil
discord and prevent the effusion of blood—if there
"be no power whose decision is something more
than a mere suppression of a particular disturb-
ance—something which will decide the question
for all political functionaries as well as for the
individual citizens of the Territory, pointing Out
<v>ho is to be obeyed, and enforcing obedience ?
We must have such an arbitrator as that, or we
are delivered over again to anarchy. If there be
two legislative powers in Kansas, somebody must
•decide which is the' legal one. If there be two
courts, somebody must decide whose judgment
■shall be executed. If there be two laws of ad-
verse origin, somebody must decide which is to
be enforced. And here, then, we are brought face
to face with the gravest question which' can be
raised under the political law of the United States.
■We are now here, beyond the questiorl of elec-
tion law, in a region of strife,* where men in so-
ciety are divided from top to bottom as to their
•power and the persons entitled to.theirallegiance,
where no Legislature por court can interfere—
for inter arma leges silent. Every court confesses
in its very organization the existence cif a power
■which has created it, and therefore assumes the
.existence and the decision of the very question that
.is to be now decided. I desire to meet that ques-
tion . Are we without an arbitrator ? Are we the
arbitrators in civil war? Sir, the Constitution of
the United States has vested that power in a dif-
ferentplace. We act under theiaw. Our decisions
may bind us; they connotbind anybody else. We
-must have some authority which shall determine
who is to administer the law, and in the midst of
conflicting claimants point out the man, the body,
the cuart that is t* bcooeyed by every body in the
last resort. Sir, it is the question of recognition of
the fountain of political auth ority. It is not a ques;-
tion of what law has been passed. It is a question
as to what is the fountain from which these waters
shall flow. The Supreme Court has refused to
take cognizance of that question becanse its or-
ganization assumes the existence of an ascertained
body authorized to lay down the law on which it
is to pass. This question goes behind the law
to the authority of the body which has assumed
to pass the law. We are in search, not of the
law, but the fountain of the law. We are in
search of authority to which parties are bound to
yield obedience when it designates an authority
which can lay down the law for the court to con-
strue. Where is it? We are not withoutprece-
dents. We are not without analogies. We are
not without express laws.
The courts in the case referred to by my honor-
able friend from Alabama, [Mr. Walker,] and
in various others, have repeatedly, in relation to
foreign Governments, decided that the courts of
this country can recognize no Government as
existing for any purpose, unless that Government
shall have been recognized by the President.
They have so decided, not as a mere question
of abstract law, but in order to determine prize
questions, the right to redress for wrongs com-
mitted on our citizens, the subjection to punish-
ment of citizens charged with offenses against
the criminal law.
There is, then, this great class of cases where
the political power comes in to recognize the Gov-
ernmentbefore the courts will recognize it for any
purpose; and where one of two contesting parties
is recognized—as has repeatedly occurred in ref-
erence to the South American Governments during
the revolutionary disturbances in the early part of
this century, and in the case of France—no Gov-
ernment is recognized, no Government is looked
at, no source of political power is regarded as a
thing to be seen by judicial eyes, otherwise than
through the eyes of the President of the United
States. They do not ever inquire by original evi-
dence which is the rightful possessor of power,
.but accept as the fact the recognition of the Pres-
ident, and follow that recognition with all the
consequences of the fact. When he has declared
the existence- of a Government abroad, they as-
sume the decision made by him,rest,their decision
upon his decision, and never dream of going be-
ll Mid it for a moment, but assume that as the
-starting point of their investigation.
That principle has been applied in the laws of
the United States to cases which have arisen
within their Territories and States. It arose and
(Was considered by the Supreme Court in a case
reported in the 5th of Howard, on the validity of
the laws passed by the self-constituted Legislature
of Michigan, prior to the admission of Michigan
as a State—the recognition of Michigan as a State
by the Congress of the United States, the political
power appointed for that purpose by the Consti-
tution . The -Supreme Court refused jurisdiction
of that question, because they couid recognize no
-Government except that recognized by the.polit-
.calpower of the country.
That question arose again in the Porr rebellion
case, where the relative .right of two contesting
political authorities was attempted to be mooted
Olid decided judicially, as it is attempted no w to be
mooted. . They strove to .get into a_ discussion of
the question of majority and minority, to determ-
ine which was, ana which was not, the government
of Rhode Island. Then we have the opinion of the
Supreme Court as to what they considered to be
.the ultimate arbiter in a case precisely analogous to
the case which is now here for judgment before this
House. They decided that it was a political ques-
tion, not submitted to die determination of the Su-
preme Court of the United States. That every
court presupposes a recognized existing legal au-
thority. They held that they took their decision
from the decisions of the political powers of the
-Government. In which branch of the Government
is that powerto be sought? Not the power of ad-
ministering directly the laws, but of determining
which of two claimants of the sovereign legisla-
tive powers is entitled to be obeyed, and to the
aid of the General Government in coercing obedi-
ence to its ordinary officers and tribunals. The
President is directed by the Constitution to see
that the laws are faithfully executed. When the
administration of the civil law is in question, the
courts expound it, and the Executive executes it
through sheriffs, marshals, and the posse comitatus.
When the question is beyond the. lipiits of the
jurisdiction of the courts, when a question arises
as to the body in which is vested the right to make,
or to declare, or enforce the law—the persons to be
obeyed—not the question of individual rights or
wrongs, but the body or functionary having juris-
diction to make or declare the law—then the duty
of seeing that the laws be faithfully executed
seems to carry with it, as a necessary incident,
the determining which of the two contesting au-
thorities is entitled to the power of the Govern-
ment to enforce,its decisions; for the President, in
this extreme case even, must still enforce the laws
through the judicial tribunals, or by protecting in
their duties some qfficer known to some law. Where
there are conflicting authorities, the person bound
to protect the lawfm authority must first determine
which of the conflicting authorities is to be obeyed.
t -Who else is to decide this question ? The judges
| have excluded it from their tribunals. There is a
| necessity that there should be a power to decide
somewhere, and it must be an executive power—
for thatgives the sanction of power to the authority
of every court, shields every officer, and gives pro-
tection^© every citizen. There is either a legal
authority, or there is rebellion. If it be legal aur
thority, it is to be obeyed; if it be illegal, it is void,
and is to be resisted by arms, and is to be put
down by force. When there is no common arbiter
between claimants of the sovereign authority,
there is civil war. Where there is a common ar-
biter, his decision must be (jonclusive upon every
point submitted to his decision, and on which, if
not conclusive, his authority is nugatory; right or
wrong, it is to be executed and obeyed by reason
of the highest necessity of civil life, by reason of
the great alternative which is presented—that of
submission or of anarchy. Now, in this case, the
question arose, whether there was a power in
Kansas to be obeyed—whether there was a law
to be enforced? Ifa,suit for freedom were brought,
judgment rendered for the negro, and obedience
refused by the master, I ask the committee who
shall stand at the back of the sheriff in. the .enforce-
ment of that judgment? If a man be indicted for
-stealing a.free negro—I address myself to the
sympathies of the committee—and he be con-
demned, who shall determine whether the law
shall or shall not be enforced—if the Missourifuis
happen.to protect him? The President of the
United States is directed by the Constitution to see
.that the laws be faithfully executed. The laws of
1795 say, that in case of invasion or of rebellion,
or civil disturbance or resistance to the laws, he
shall call out the military and the militia of the
United States, and shall cause the laws to be
observed. Sir, it is not my'argument, but it is
the decision of Chief Justice Taney, that these
words involve a power to decide which body,
or which person, or which set of functionaries,is
to be obeyed. The President, and he alone—
.though apparently he has disclaimed it in his
.Kansas message—is the party, when resistance
to the laws is made, to determine whether .the
body claiming to be the Legislature is or is not
the Legislature; and as he shall decide that
question, it is his duty either to turn out of
doors this Kansas Legislature, or to disperse
_those mien who met at the polls for the purpose
of sending Governor Reeder Jiere. He must not
.merely keep the peace—he must sustain the hands
,of the lygal authorities; and to do that, he must
first decide which are the legal authorities. He
must discriminate between legal authority and re-
bellion. , He must determine who has and who
has not tfie right to be obeyed. Upon his judg-
ement—sandy as the foundation may be—aghast
as we.may standat the frail vessel in which this
awful power is now deposited—rests the sanction
.of every poWer, the authority of every law, the
enforcement of every precept, and everything
which rescues that Territory from the control of
the_Indian, and converts it into the domain of
civil society. There is no other magistrate who
can determine the question; and, when determ-
ined, it is treason to resist it in arms; it must con-
trol all tribunals, or the determination is a nullity,
and the President merely complicates the compli-
