1856.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
965
law is a very short one; it is but a single section,
and there are a very few lines in that section.
Let me read it:
" That, during the present war with Great Britain, it shall
be law,ul for any person or persons to bum. sink, or destroy
any British armed vessel of war, except ves&els coming as
cartels or flags of truce ; and for that purpose, to use torpe-
does, Hibmaiine instruments, or any other destiuctive ma-
chine whatever; and a bounty of one Half the value of
the arm'jii vessels so burnt, sunk, or destroyed, and aleO
one half of the value of her guns, cargo, tackle, and appa-
rel, MiaM be paid out of the Tieasury of the United States
to such person or persons who shall effect the same other-
wise than by the armed or commissioned voxels of the
United States."
There is the whole law. Now, tliese men de-
clare that thev did so; and it is proposed to sub-
mit the question to the Secretary of the Treasury,
and, if they prove to him that they actually did
what the law required of them, he is to do—what?
Precisely to pay what that law provides that they
should be entitled to—no more, no less.
Mr. BIGGS. I desire to call the attention of
the Senator from Maine to the provisions of the
law con?.titu tins: the Court of Claims.
Mr. HAMLIN. I ought to have stated one
other fact, bccause there are some Senators now
present who were not here the other day. There
is another provision in the bill which gives to
these persons $100 each for capturing fourteen
British seamen and officers. The law which
gave the bounty for capturing seamen nnd officers
applied only to privateers; but 111 every instance
riince the passage of that law to the present time,
always, on the application being made, we have
allowed to other persons than cruisers, the boun-
ties provided for cruisers. That part of the claim
is a question of winch the Court of Claims could
take no cognizance. Therefore, when the matter
was referred to the committee, the question was
simply this: The committee, being unanimous
in favor of giving them the $1,400 for capturing
the prisoners, and the law being in existence
plainly and clearly entitling them to the other
claim, was there any necessity for referring the
matter to the court, when the same claim would
come back here as resting entirely upon this sec-
tion? That was the whole of the case.
Mr. BIGGS. The act of Congress establishing
the Court of Claims expressly provides:
'•'The said couit shall hcai and determine all claims
founded upon any law of Congieas, or upon any regulation
of an executive department, oi upon any contract, expiesss
or implied, with the Government of the United States,
which may be suggested to it by a petition liled therein.-'
I understand that the effect of the bill now-
sought to be passed by the Congressof the United
States is to transfer from the Court of Claims
its jurisdiction, m this particular case, to an
Executive department, to inquire into the facts.
That is the whole effect of it. It is to make an
appropriation,and to transfer the investigation of
the case from the Court of Claims constituted by
the act of the last Congress to an executive de-
partment. 1 suppose there cannot be a case
stronger than the one now presented to the Sen-
ate, where the Court of Claims ought to take
jurisdiction. If it be in order, I move that this
case be referred to the Court of Claims.
Mr. IVERSON. I think it would not be alto-
gether fair to refer the whole case to the Court
of Claims, because, as the Senator from Maine
has properly said, there is a portion of it over
which that court would not have jurisdiction. It
seems to me that that portion of the bill which
allows the bounty of $100 for the capture does
not come within the jurisdiction of the court, be-
cause the law does not provide, as the Senator
from Maine said, that that bounty should be
given for this irregular mode of capture. But
such has been the practice of the Government,
and it is, perhaps, fair and equitable.
If any Senator will prepare an amendment to
allow $1,400 for that service, and then refer the
residue of the claim to the court, I could vote for
that. If it be not done, I must vote against the
bill. If the Court of Claims has jurisdiction so
far as the cargo is concerned, the case should go
to the court. It was the intention of the act
establishing that tribunal to relievo us entirely
from such investigations, and commit them to the
Court of Claims. 1 think that is a safer and
better tribunal to decide, not only questious of
law, but questions of fact, than a Secretary of
the Treasury or any other executive officer. I
piefer the Court of Claims, because it io able to
take testimony under the forms and sanction of
law. An investigation into the principles of law
involved as well as into the facts of the case, can be
as well, if not much better, conducted by the court
than by the Department. These old claims that
are presented to Congress always bring with them
the appearance of suspicion; because, if claimants
have a claim which is cognizable by the Court of
Claims, and is a fair and honest case, they will
not hesitate to carry it there. I do not say this
is not a just claim; but the court is certainly a
more competent and better tribunal to decide upon
the correctness of such a claim than the Senate;
bccause here we must act on ex parte testimony
taken altogether without the sanction of law,
without any cross-examination, and in such a
manner that the Senate and Congress are always
liable to be imposed upon. I shall vote for pay-
ing the §1,400 for the capture of the prisoners if
an amendment be prepared for that purpose;
otherwise 1 shall vote against the bill.
Mr. SLIDELL. I partly concur in the sug-
gestion made by the Senator from Georgia; but
I wish to call the attention of the Senate to one,
to me, very peculiar clause in this bill, by which the
last liver is to take hold of this sum of $1,400. If
there be but one survivor, and the heirs of the
persons who are deceased do not appear after the
lapse of six months, he is to take the whole sum,
for which indemnity is to be grunted by the Sec-
retary of the Treasury, under the direction of
Congress, by this bill. I wish to ask the Senator
from Maine whether that is a usual provision''
Mr. HAMLIN. It is copied from bills which
have pnssed the Senate time after time.
Mr. SLIDELL. It is to me a very novel prin-
ciple. What is the case? Certain men are enti-
tled to certain compensation for services to the
! country; and, if they had made their claim at the
[ time, when all the circumstances were fiesh in
j the recollection of their neighbors, and when they
[ could be proved to the satisfaction of the Dopart-
| ment, each would have obtained his share; but,
I by holding back thirty or forty years, when,
I perhaps, only two or three survive, they are to
j come in and obtain the whole benefit of this
j bounty. If it be in accordance with the past
usage, my objection is not entitled to much
weight, I confess; but I think it is not, and I
cannot give mv consent to it.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Stuart.)
The Chair desiies to suggest to the Senate that a
motion to refer a bill to the Court of Claims is
not a parliamentary motion. It is a new question,
now arising for the first time, growing out of the
statute to which allusion has been made; but the
Chair thinks that it is not a motion which can be
made m this form: but the object may be reached
by moving to recommit the bill to the committee
who reported it, with instructions to report a res-
olution referring it to the Court of Claims. As
the rules of the Senate stand, however, and ac-
cording to parliamentary law, the present occu-
pant of the chair entertains the opinion that the
motion of the Senator from North Carolina [Mr.
Biggs] is not now m order.
Mr WELLER. I understand that the law
expressly provides that th^ court shall have juris-
diction of such cases as may be referred to n by
either branch of Congress; and, it sudi be the
law, the Senate can undoubtedly refer any case
to the Court of Claims.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. But our rules
prescribe what motions may be submitted when
bills are pending, and this motion is not embraced
by the rules.
Mr. BIGGS. I do not understand that there
can be any difference in principle between the
Senate at once referring a case to the Court of
Claims upon the motion of a member in open
Senate, and referring it on a report from a com-
mittee. I understand the Chair, however, to
decide that it is necessary to refer the bill back
again to the committee, with instructions to report
in favor of leferring it to the Court of Claims, and
that their report should be acted upon.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
made but a suggestion to the Senate. The rules,
together with parliamentary law, prescribe what
motions are in order when a bill is under consid-
eiation; and this is not one of them. # The law,
as suggested by the Senator from California, au-
thorizes a reference by the Senate of any subject-
matter to the Court of Claims; but it is the mode
of doing that in regard to which the Chair made
the suggestion.
Mr. HAMLIN. The Senator can obtain what
he desires by moving to recommit the bill with
instructions.
Mr. IVERSON. I move to recommit the bill
without instructions, and then the committee can
report anew bill allowing $1,400, or one hundred
dollars apiece for each of the enemy captured,«aiid
they can also report a resolution referring the
residue of the case to the Court of Claims.
Mr. HAMLIN. I have but a single word to
say in relation to this matter. The law which
created the Court of Claims, I understand, in-
tended that it should be a court to settle claim*
where there was a dispute existing between the
Government and the claimant. Now I under-
stand no such case to exist here.
Mr. IVERSON. Is not the value of the thing
to be ascertained ? Is not that matter in dispute ?
Mr. HAMLIN. No, sir, I understand that the
Treasury Department this day, under the law,
would be obliged to pay, and would pay, this very
sum, if they determined it to be the appropriate
one, if there were an appropriation for the pur-
pose. There is, then, no conflict as to the liabil-
ity of the Government, or as to the disposition of
the Department to pay, but they have no means
with which to pay.
Mr. BIGGS. Is it not the same case in regard
to all claims where the parties are entitled under
a law ?
Mr. HAMLIN. No, sir, by no manner of
means.
Mr. FITZPATRICK. I will ask the Senator
from Maine whether this claim has been presented
to the Secretary of the Treasury?
% Mr. HAMLIN. It has been.
Mr. FITZPATRICK. Has he put it on the
ground that he has no power to pay the money?
Mr. HAMLIjN. 1 understand that he expressly
puts it on the ground, that he has no money with
which to pay it; but that the claim ought to be
paid.
Mr. EVANS. Did he examine it?
Mr. HAMLIN. I have never passed any
words with the Secretary on the subject. I only
state what I have been informed, that it was pre-
sented to him, and his answer was that it ought
to be paid, but he had not the money.
Mr. PUGH. I would not say another word
if tho motion of the Senator from Georgia were
sufficient to obviate my objection to the bill. I
wish it recommitted to the committee—since the
Chair intimates that to be the proper course—
with instructions to refer to the Court of Claims
so much of the claim made as relates to the value
of the vessel, guns, and cargo; so that they must
investigate that part of the case under the present
statute. As to the other part of the claim, I am
not satisfied that it ought to pass Congress, and
certainly not unless the Court of Claims investi-
! gate it on some principles which I shall presently
i state.
! A word now as to so much of the claim as re-
i lates to the value of the boat and the cargo, and
I the guns which were sunk or destroyed. It may
I be that we arc liable under the statute to pay one
' half of the value of the vessel; but the idea that,
| when the Government gives a premium for the
, destruction of the cargo of a vessel of war, it ever
1 intended to include a parcel of cocoa, or other ar-
' ticles of commerce that happen to have beentem-
; poranly on a boat, and then landed on the shore,
; seems to me supremely ridiculous. I do not. think
! we are liable to pay for that item at all under the
| statute; nor do I think the Secretary of the Troas-
! urv would feel at liberty to pay it. So in regard
j to'the guns; they were not part of the armament
! of the -vessel; they happened to be transiently in
j possession of the enemy, and were lying on the
! wiiarf. I repeat, they were no part of the arma-
1 mentof the vessel. This is what 1 meant the other
| day, when I said that this claim was founded on
' a forced construction of every section of the stat-
ute. I do not believe that on the language of the
law the parties have any claim for more than half
the value of the vessel, nor that they could make
it appear to the Court of Claims.
Now, what is the other part of the claim ? For
taking prisoners; and that is supposed to be au-
thorized by the act of 1814. What was that act?
It was to give bounty to the officers and crews of
the private armed vessels of the United States.
