966
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 18,
It was to encourage private armed vessels. It
was never meant for landsmen. But the Senator
from Maine says they ought to have the same
provision. Not necessarily; Congress meant to
encourage privateers. He refers, however, to the
cases of certain individuals as precedents—and
they are all named in the report—where Congress
has extended the provisions of the act to lands-
men. What were those cases? They were the
casesof private citizens, every oneefthem. This
is not the case of a private citizen. This is the
case of a soldier in your service, to whom you
were paying his ordinary compensation as an
officer of the Army, whose duty it was to carry on
this very expedition.
Mr. WELLER. Allow me to suggest to my
friend, that the motion now is to recommit. It
will all come up again.
Mr. PUGH. I wish to add instructions to the
motion. In order to compromise with the gen-
tleman, I am willing that so much of this claim
as relates to the capture of the prisoners shall be
sent to the Court of Claims, with instructions that
these parties shall be allowed it if, on the prin-
ciples of any of the private statutes to which he
has referred in his report, they are entitled, if
they can find any precedent in any one of those
acts which he has quoted. I have examined them
all, and there is not a single one of them which
is the case of an officer of the Army. They are
all cases of private citizens. The facts of one of
them to winch reference has been made—the case
of Mr. Stewart and others, in Maryland—have
been related to me by a member of the other
House, and differ widely from the statement of
the committee.
As I have said, I do not believe there is any
merit in the case at all except as to one half the"
value of the vessel sunk, and nothing in it that
can be made to stand on any statute yet passed,
private or general.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on the motion of the Senator from Ohio to
recommit the bill to the Committee oil Commerce,
with certain instructions.
Mr. IVERSON. I proposed to recommend
the bill without instructions, for a reason which
I stated before. If the instructions proposed
by the Senator from Ohio be agreed to, the case
will go to the Court of Claims, as to the fact of
the capture of fourteen persons, and the court
will say, " We have no jurisdiction of that, be-
cause it is not a case, arising under any law, con-
tract, treaty, or regulation of an executive depart-
ment."
Mr. RUSK. The instructions do not include
that part of the claim.
Mr. 1VKRSON". I so understood.
Mr. TOOMBS. I will say to my collefgue,
that the Court of Claims have decided that they
have jurisdiction over any eases referred to them
by the Senate or House of Representativca;
Mr. IYERSON. I think not.
Mr. TOOMBS. I understand that the court
has distinctly decided that a reference by either
House is a distinct head of jurisdiction, provided
the case be one on which a judgment can be ren-
dered.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The instruc-
tions proposed by the Senator from Ohio do not
refer to that part of the claim to which the Sen-
ator from Georgia [Mr. Iveh'son] has alluded.
The Chair understands the instructions to apply
only to that part of the claim which is under the
statute which exists.
Mr. FITZPATRICK. What is the distinct
question presented to the Senate ?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. On recommit-
ting the bill with instructions to report a resolu-
tion referring that part of the claim arising under
the statute to the Court of Claims.
Mr.^ BRODIIEAD. I think my friend from i
Georgia [Mr. Toombs] is mistaken as to the de-
cision of the court. The fact of reference by
either House does not give jurisdiction, according
to the decision of the court, unless it falls within
the three previous specified heads.
Mr. TOOMBS. The gentleman is mistaken in
point of fact.
Mr. BRODHEAD. I hope the bill will be re-
ferred without instructions.
The bill wasjecommitted with the instructions
proposed by Mr. Pugh.
MEDICAL DEPARTMENT OF THE ARMY.
Mr. WELLER. I appeal to the Senate to take
up the first bill on the Calendar, although it is
not of a private nature. I allude to the bill (S.
No. Ill) reported by the Committee on Military
Affairs, providing for a necessary increase and
better organization of the medical and hospital
department of the Army. I am constantly pressed
■by officers of that department to have that bill
acted upon. We are now paying a very large
sum of money every year for private physicians
—over $24,000. This bill provides for the in-
crease rendered necessary by the four regiments
added to the Army by a law passed last year. I
trust the Senate will take up this bill, although it
is not a private bill.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It will require
a vote of the Senate. The Chair will submit the
question on the Senator's motion.
The motion was agreed to; and the bill was
read the second time, and considered as in Com-
mittee of the Whole.
It proposes to add to the medical department of
the Army four surgeons and eight assistant sur-
geons, to be appointed in accordance with exist-
ing laws. It also proposes to authorize the Sec-
retary of War to appoint, from the enlisted men
of the Army, or to cause to be enlisted, as many
competent hospital stewards as the service may
require, not to exceed one for each military post.
These hospital stewards are to be mustered and
paid on hospital muster-rolls, as non-commis-
sioned staff officers, with the rank, pay, and emol-
uments of sergeants of ordnance, and are to be
permanently attached to the medical and hospital
department, under such regulations as shall be
prescribed by the Secretary of War. Soldiers
acting as cooks and nurses in hospitals are
hereafter to be allowed the extra pay authorized
to soldiers on fatigue duty by "An act to increase
the pay of the rank and file of the Army," ap-
proved August 4th, 1854.
Mr. WELLER. We organized four addi-
tional regiments last year, but made no provision
increasing the number of medical officers. This
bill provides a surgeon and two assistant sur-
geons for each of those regiments. The Surgeon
General in his report says:
11 Within tlie last three years there have been paid out,
on .icrounL of the employment of pi ivuto physicians, $72,520,
an average of $21,1/3 per annum."
We desire to avoid this expense by having
regular surgeons attached to each regiment. Fre-
quently the troops may be stationed at places
wheie a good private physician or surgeon cannot
be found.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, read a third time, and passed.
MARY E. TILLMAN.
The following message was received from the
House of Representatives, by Mr. Barclay, As-
sistant Clerk:
Mr. President: Th" Ilnu^o of Representatives have
passed a bill (II. R. No. 279) for the relief of lMary E. Till-
man ; m which they request the concurrence of the -Senate.
Mr. WELLER. I hope the bill which has
just been received from the House of Represent-
atives will be taken up and put on its passage at
once, without being referred to a committee. It
provides for a lady who sent to the war her
three sons, and all died m Mexico.
Mr. EVANS. And the only surviving one of
her children is unable to assist her.
The bill was read the first and second times by
unanimous consent, and considered as in Com-
mittee of the Whole. It proposes to allow Mrs.
M. E. Tillman, of South Carolina, a pension of
$20 per month during her natural life, commenc-
ing March 4, 1857.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I wish to ask why the bill
fixes the beginning of the pension so far ahead.
I am in favor of the bill; I have read the debate
on it in the House of Representatives; and I am
very desirous that it should be passed; but why
should not the pension commence before 1857?
Mr. BIGGS. This lady is now entitled to a
five years' pension which will expire on the 4th
of March, 1857.
Mr. BENJAMIN. That explains it.
The bill was ordered to a third reading; and it
was read a third time, and ]
HANNAH F. NILES.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair will
proceed with the private bills on the Calendar in
their regular order. The first is a bill (S. No.
220) reported from the Committee on Revolution-
ary Claims, for the relief of Hannah F. Niles.
Mr. EVANS. That bill was reported by the
Senator from Connecticut, [Mr. Foster,] who is
not in his seat. As it is a case which depends
very much on its own particular merits, I prefer
that he should be here when the bill is acted upon.
I move, therefore, that it be postponed until Fri-
day next.
The motion was agreed to.
SAMUEL V. NILES.
The bill reported by the Committee on Claims
(S. No. 221) for the relief of Samuel V. Niles
was read the second time, and considered as in
Committee of the Whole.
It proposes to direct the payment to Samuel V.
Niles of the sum of §360, for services as a tem-
porary clerk in the General Land Office in the
years 1849 and 1850.
The memorialist asks for payment for ninety
days' service as a clerk in the General Land Of-
fice, from March 9, 1849, to June 30,1850, being
the number of Sundays between those periods,
at four dollars per diem.
He was appointed a temporary clerk in the
General Land Office on the 9th of March, 1849,
under the provisions of the act of August 26,
1842, which provides that " no extra clerk, for
copying, shall receive more than three dollars per
day, or for any other service more than four dol-
lars per day for the time actually and necessarily
employed."
Unc for this provision, the accounting officers
rejected the per diem for Sundays. This con-
struction of the law, the Commissioner thinks, is
entirely erroneous.
Judge Young, then Commissioner, says: "The
facts, as to the services of Mr. Niles, are correctly
set forth. I appointed him a clerk in the Land
Office at the time stated, at the same rate of com-
pensation promised to Messrs. Whitney, Brega,
and Lucas, and fully intended that no distinction
should be made between them, and that he should
receive the same emoluments, in every particu-
lar, granted them, including the Sunday per
diem."
The bill was reported to the Senate, and or-
dered to be engrossed for a third reading. It was
read the third time, and passed.
ABRAHAM KINTZING.
The bill for the relief of Abraham Kintzing,
(S. No. 222,) reported by the Committee on
Claims, was read the second time, and considered
as in Committee of the Whole.
It proposes to allow to Abraham Kintzing,
late special examiner of drugs at Philadelphia,
the sum of $583 33, being the difference between
his salary as special examiner of drugs, and
that of assistant appraiser, during the time he
performed the duties of the latter office.
Mr. Kintzing held the appointment of special
examiner of drugs, at Philadelphia, from the mid-
dle of December, 1852, to July, 1853, at a salary
of $1,000 per annum; and during that period, in
consequence of the sickness and death of one of*
the assistant appraisers, it became neccssary to
require him to perform the duties of that office,
the salary of which is $2,000. It is shown from
the certificates of the appraisers that Mr. K.'s
services in the capacity of assistant appraiser
were urgently required, and necessary to the secu-
rity of the revenue and the proper discharge of
the duties of the office; and that he was compe-
tent, and faithfully perfoimed the service; and
that it in no way appertained to the duties of liis
office as special examiner.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to he engrossed for a third
reading, read the third time, and passed.
WILLIAM MAItVIN.
The bill of the Committee on Private Land
Claims, (S. No. 223,) for the relief of William
Marvin, of Florida, was read the second time,
and considered as in Committee of the Whole.
Under its provisions the grant by Estrada, then
the Governor of the province of East Florida,
