2H©
TIIE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 16-
to adhere to the gentleman from Massachusetts
have in mind any measures beyond the repeal of
the Kansas-Nebraska bill, and if they adhere to
him with those measures in view, I can say to
them, that a huge number of the members of this
House who have been voting with them for Mr.
Banks will not go with them. If their policy
shadows forth any other measures than the restora-
tion of the Missouri line, three fourths of those
who have cast their votes for Mr. Banks will as
resolutely oppose any measure of that kind, as
they will persistently adhere to the repeal of that
obnoxious measure. I vote ay.
Mr. WADE (on his name'being called) said:
I wish to say a single word in reference to the
TOtc which I am about to give.
My course, Mr. Clerk, sincc I have been on
this floor, has been, in my own judgment, at
least, a rather steady one. I have intended to
vote steadily, not for men, but for principles. I
am still determined to do that. The first vote
which I cast here for Speaker was for a colleague
of mine—«ot Mr. Campbell. It was for a gen-
tleman who differs, perhaps, as widely from me^
on the ultimate questions connected with slavery,
as any man on this floor. I voted for my col-
league, [Mr. Harlan,] because I believed him
to be a man perfectly true to the positions which
ho assumed—never wavering, never halting. I
could wish now that that vote of mine could have
been successful, because I believe that no man on
this^ floor would have discharged the duties of
the speakership with more faithfulness or more
satisfaction to this House than would that gentle-
man. After giving him my vote, then I voted, out
of deference to my colleagues, for my other col-
league, [Mr. Campdeli..] I continued to vote for
him steadily firm that time on until he withdrew
his name. I should have done so until this time
had there not been a disposition to go olr on some
other mail who could embody more strength.
Mv purpose in voting was to organize this House
anft to reflect the sentiments of the great majority
of the people who sent us all here; and I believe
that m the election of Mr. Harlan, or of Mr.
Campbell, or of Mr. Banks, we should have re-
ilected the will of that vast majority. It was for
that reason that 1 voted us I did at the commence-
ment, and for that reason 1 have continued, down
to the present tmu>, to vote in that way. And,
sir, i do not behove that any man can ever accom-
plish his end, unless he is .steadfast, unyielding,
and dot* nnmed 10 carry it out. I believe in Davy
Crockett's maxim: " sure you're rif;hl—then
go ahead." And 1 want to say to our fiieuds
here that, by our wavering as the waves of the
sea, nothing can be accomplished. Nothing can
be accomplished wave bv steady perseverance in
the course, which you believe to be right.
New, let, us take counsel of our opponents.
"What has the Democratic party presented before
us? One steady, unyielding, unfaltering purpose
to accomplish a single end. Now, if we had the
resolution, the firmness, nnd, I would say, the
spirit of defiance, which actuates our enemies, w e
should conquer them, because we have the force
to conquer them. It is on this principle that I
proceeded, and it is on this principle that I shall
proceed, until some other pjouramme shall bo
pointed out by the friejids of liberty in the Ter-
ritories. I shall go on in that course which I
have marked out for mvself.
Sir, us rejoice in the principle which the
gentlemrm from Georgia [Mr. Stephens] has laid
down here to-day—that "truth is mighty and
will prevail." In the very darkest hour of this
controversy with slavery, and with politicians
who are in league with slavery, I have had that
faith;—I have seen the time when, if a man, rep-
resenting the principles which we who vote for
Mr. Banks or Mr. Campuell here represent,
should have offered himself as,a candidate for
Congress or for any other political oifice in the
States, he could not. m the district which 1 now
represent, and which falls behind none in its hos-
tility to the extension of slavery, have mustered
filly votes. No, sir! And this course has been
onward, and will be onward still. Let me assure
thos5 gentlemen that all their eiforts to overthrow
us have only built us up; and they will con-
tinue to do so, whatever may be the result of this
balloting here for Spanker. They may rest as-
sured, that as light bleaks in on the minds of the
people, unobscured by the fogs which politicians
spread around them, the people will come up to
this work of rescuing the Territories from the
curse and blight of human bondage. It has been
so. And let me say to the gentleman from
Georgia, [Mr. Stephens,] that there is nothing
which has put more effectual weapons into the
hands of anti-slavery men than that gentleman
and his coadjutors have done; none, whatever.
Their weapons have been those which we have
used from the commencement of this great con-
troversy down to the present time. 1 feel no dis-
couragement at that. If we are beaten, if wc are
cast down, yet shall wc rise again. Rest assured
of that; and although the wave at its reflux may
carry us a little backward, still, as it comes up
again, it will push us forward. That has been
the course of things from the outset to the present
time.
And now, let not our friends be afraid of being
called ultra Abolitionists. There arc no ultra
Abolitionists on this floor. [Laughter.] Not a
solitary ultra Abolitionist, in the sense m which
that term is understood by our Democratic and
southern friends, when they try to fasten that
reproach of abolitionism on our free State men.
Wc aie not Abolitionists in that sense. We are
not affected withGarrisonism, or anything of that
kind, which goes for the abolition of slavery every-
where. We do not hold that slavery is illegal,
and that it ought not to be upheld anywhere; nor
do we, as the Garrisonians want to do, declare
slaveholders universally outcasts from the pale of
civilization. I do not go to that extent, even so
far as moral force is concerned, but keep myself
within the limits of the Constitution. It has been
said that our action here will be repudiated by
our constituents. I have no fear of any such re-
sult for myself, or for any man who still continues
to vote for Mr. Campbell or for Mr. Banks. We
shall not be hurt by our action in this matter; of j
that rest assured. For myself, J cannot be hurt; '
for by no solitary act of mine, directly or indi-
rectly—only by simply sitting in my office, and
permitting the people to vote forme—Mfeve i n seat
on this floor. I vote no.
Mr. WALBRIDGE (on his namebeingcalled)
said: The votes winch I have given in this House
have been entirely satisfactory to myself, and it is
of verv little importance to me whether or not
anybodv else i^ satisfied with my votes.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine, (on his name
| being called,) said: I regret, Mr. Clerk, more than
; I can w< 11 express, thai the gentleman from Iowa
; should have introduced this resolution. Jn my
j judgment it is fraught with mischief, and mis-
i chief only. It is difficult to understand, how that
gentleman should not have seen that it could
not, by any possibility, have benefited the caus"
which he,'I dare say, has at heart. For more
than twenty votes I supported steadily the hon-
orable gentleman from Ohio, pvfr.Cw.p^u,]
and until he withdrew his name from the canvass.
When he no longer stood before the House as a
candidate for the votes of its members, I, after a
short tune, commenced voting for the gentleman
from Massachusetts, [Mr. Ban*ks:] and I have
continued voting for him from the time I com-
menced down to thepiescnt. That the inti oduc-
tioa of the lesolution, at this time, was unfortu-
nate, is evident from a glance at the position in
which it places the anti-Nebraska members of the
House—m vself among the rest. If I vote against
this resolution, the gentleman from Ohio, or his
friends, may suppose th.n J do so from want of
friendship or respect for him—an inference, than
which nothing could be more untrue or unjust.
Again, sir, "if I vote for the resolution, and thus
indicate a willingness to leave the gentleman from
Massachusetts, those who are in favor of his elec-
tion may believe that I am not dealing fairly,
frankly, and honorably by them. Thus, in any
event, alienation and ill-feeling woidd be likely
to ensue.
After the gen'leman from Ohio withdrew his
name as a candidate for Speaker; after the gen-
tleman from Massachusetts had been placed be-
fore the House, and, i may add, before the
country, as the candidate of those with whom I
am acting on this floor; after a large meeting of
aali-Nebraska membeis had agreed,almost unan-
imously, that he ought to he supported; aficr he
ji had been voted for by that party until he had
j! come to be regarded by the country as the espo-
il nent of the principles of the North upon the vast
questions now before the people of the United
States, so much so that his defeat, no matter by
whose election, would be viewed as a sort of
backing down—a falling away from those prin-
ciples, a half defeat at best—I do not perceive
how I can, in justice to the gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts, much more in justice to the cause in
which I feel so profound an interest, do other-
wise than record my vote against the resolution.
Reverse the case: suppose the gentleman from
Ohio occupied the position,as a candidate, which
the gentleman from Massachusetts now occu-
pies; suppose he had received the nomination of
the caucus which presented the name of the gen-
tleman from Massachusetts; suppose he, for
weeks, had received the large vote which that
gentleman has received—a vote so large as to
insure his election in the end, if his friends but
stand firm, would it be dealing fairly and honor-
ably by him to desert him? or should we be
likely thereby to promote the harmony in our
ranks which is indispensable to success? I think
not; ^asd, so thinking, vote no.
Mr. ZOLLICOFFER. I have not a word to
say in explanation of the vote I shall give upon
this resolution, but I desire to say something in
reply to the remarks made some minutes since
"by the honorable mid eloquent gentleman from
Georgia, [Mr. Stephens.]
As that gentleman has chosen to express his
gratification upon the correction of the position
occupied by the distinguished gentleman from
Pennsylvania, [Mr. Fuller,] within the lastfftw
weeks-—though I should differ in opinion with
the gentleman from Georgia in respect to the fact
of that correction having been made—I beg leave
in return to express my equal gratification that
the distinguished gentleman from Illinois, [Mr.
Rtctiardsok,] who, in 1850, stood out as the ad-
vofDte of the constitutionality of the Wilmot
proviso, and not only that, sir, but pledged him-
self, if it were necessary, with regard to the
southern territory acquired from Mexico, to vote
for the Wilmot proviso-—1 beg leave, I say, sir,
to express my gratification that the gentleman
from Illinois has within the last few days cor-
rected his position, in respect to the Wilmot pro-
viso, sine4 1^50.
Mr. RICHARDSON. Will the gentleman
from Tennessee allow me to explain ?
Mr. ZOLLICOFFER. I have but a single
remark more, and then I will yield to the gentle-
ma n.
Mr. RICHARDSON. I have but a single
remark to make, and that I desire to make in this
connection. In regard to my position in respect
to the Wilmot proviso, I only desire to say that
the record will show that my position was cor-
rected in my votes for the bills organizing the
Territories of Utah and New Mexico the same
session, to wit, 1850, when the speech was made
to which reference has been made by the gentle-
man from Tennessee.
Mr. ZOLLICOFFER. Well, let that_ pass
at present. As the gentleman from Georgia has
expressed a doubt as to whether the friends of
the gentleman from Pennsylvania properly un-
derstood his position in the votes they had been
giving for him for some weeks past, I now ask
the gentleman from Georgia whether he and the
friends of the gentleman from Illinois, at the
commencement of this struggle, properly under-
stood the fact, that when the House was legis-
lating in reference to the territory acquired from
Mexico—south of 36° 30'—south of the Missouri
compromise line, that gentleman [Mr. Richaud-
sox] in 1850 took the position that the Constitu-
tion of the United States did not operate to carry
into the Territorics'of the United States, south of
that line, protection for the institution of slavery ?
And not only that—as if that had not been suffi-
cient—but that, if it were necessary, he would
vote to annly the Wilmot proviso there?
Mr. STEPHENS. Will the gentleman allow
me to say a word ?
Mr. RICHARDSON. I have only to say that
the gentleman from Tennessee misuudeistood
what I did say.
* Mr. STEPilENS. Mr. Clerk, if the gentle-
man from Tennessee will allow me—I am suro
he does not desire to misrepresent the gentleman
from Illinois. The record will show that the
gentleman from Illinois uniformly voted against
the application of the Wilmot proviso to the
