1840
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 30.
Francisco, as the successor of the Pueblo, or town
of Yerba Buena, are covered, to a certain extent,
by the Santillan, or Bolton and Barron claim, and
again, these two claims are covered, in part, by the j
Limaiitour claim. The Bolton and Barron claim I
was confirmed by the commissioners prior to the |
first day of January last. Before that time, the j
commissioners had indicated what their decision j
would be in reference to the city claim; but the
decree was not entered in the same until after
that date. The Limantour claim was not decided
by the commissioners until after the first day of
January last. Thus, it will be seen, that the pas-
sage of the bill now under consideration will so
operate as to cause the issuing of a patent for the
Bolton and Barron claim, to the exclusion of the
city, and to the exclusion of all other claimants.
Now, sir, no one not interested in the matter
has ever had a doubt of the fraudulent character
of the Liman tour claim. The papers in that claim
are full and complete—as complete, perhaps, as
those of any other claim that has been presented.
Nevertheless, information has been obtained
whtcli leaves no doubt of the fraud; and the Gov- i
eminent lias already sent an agent to the city of ;
Mexico to procure the evidence. Charges of the |
same character have been made against the Bol- :
ton and Barron claim. |
In this connection, I will read an extract from j
a letter received by the last mail, from one of our j
Slate Senators. After saying that he " cannot j
really fear that the Congress of the United States j
can be guilly of passing so disreputable a meas-
ure," he goes oil to say, alluding to the Liman- ;
tour arid Bolton and IJarron claims, - |
'•TJiat both are nbsoluie !mu<N you need have no doubt
or question. As to Clio I.nmuitour; k'fr.'M were to I
VVa&luutfton [a;t mail, showing we e,m now proce it mxi \
signed it* Memo III iSoJ. A- to lUo Jioitotl and II.irion, or
riiiladclplna Jj.uk! Awieianon Claim, we have antimony
to prove it Ikltd no exi-teuee fa the lait of 1849. Other I
claims in the eountty aie piobaljlv a.- bati.'1 J
AH the legislation of Congress on this subject '
has been wrong. It lias opened the door to all ,
sorts of frauds, and the bill now under consider-
ation would fasten those frauds on the country
forever. 1 will venture to say that no man hold- i
ing a genuine claim to land under a Spanish or i
Mexican grant, would ever ask for any such I
monstrous legislation. If he has confidence m i
his claim he will have no hesitation in submitting !
it to the tests of the courts. But the gentleman
from Kentucky [Mr. II. Marshall] does not
appear to be willing to submit to such a course,
lie says, m substance, that the board ot com-
missioners was an illegal tribunal, and one which
the claimants were not bound to recognize. Now,
however, he proposes by legislative enactment
of Congiess lo legalize the acts of that very tri-
bunal.
hi order to ascertain as far as possible every
thing in connection with this question, I ad-
dressed a letter of inquiry to lion. Paeilieus
Ord, United States district attorney for the
southern district of California. The following
is his reply :
Washington, July 3, 1856.
Bin: I leceivod your note Ia<-t evening, m which you
request nic lo inioun >ou, wheihei, while 111 the disciiaige
ot my otheiul duue* as United States district attorney lor
tin; >oui!i<'tn district ol Uahtonna, any land claims which
had been continued by the boaul ot' <.'ahi<u ma land com-
misMOticis wore afierwaids, ou appeal to the United Suites
di>tncj ciMitij detected a- haudulent. And also, whether,
in rnv opinion, it would be; piopei to conhim, mdi cinni-
Jiatc lv, all c.ws whieh have been decided by the eoitmus-
tNioiicH in favor m the claimant-, pnor to the 1st day of
j.inuaiy l.wt, with the lea-on- lor my conclusions ?
1 am <>; opMion th.it it uuiild nor be propjr to con lit m
fnuiii) and uidisu innnately nil the decisions of the late
boa. dot l,uid conuui-Moiu'rs in lavoi m the claimants. My
ied^oii> foi ihi'. opinion arc : th.it sonic two oi Unee grant*
oriaudiiithe .ouiliein di-tnet, winch have been continued
by ilie coiimjissioiiei-, were di<eovcied attei wauls, while
pending on appeal in the United Siates distnct court, to
have been m.iMUi.illy altcied. In one ea-?e, wheic the com-
miNsioih'rs contitm'd sw tc tzua to the claimant, the de-
cice lUf icver-fd by the district court, and the claim con-
fnineii tubutifyo tci^ue^—that being the quantity oi land
actually guinted. The fraud, by the alteration of the word
two to wx Mju.ire leagues. was. alter detection, admitted by
the counsel tor the claimant. In another ca-e yet pending,
the woidi, one ■squui c League, appear to have been alteted to
too s-cjiiaee /rvzvucs. About two imndied and fifty ease.s on
appi ul ui the >outhern di>tiiet have yet to be examined.
<Ju ; ot the strongest lea-onMit Mtppoitoi my opinion is based
upon the inut. that the ch-trict e<>uit of the ^ouihei u dt.-tnet
hu^. in uianyot u«e ea-e.- continued bv ami on appeal hom
the couuiiH-ioners.reformed their dmees upon the material
poitiN oi eulier quantity, location or boundaries. The late
board orcoiinni'^i.oners. m their decrees of confirmation,
generally followed the description of the land as set forth in
the act ot judicial possession, made by the local alca'de some
time after the dehveiy of the original grant 1 lie- e i.ficers
wore not surveyors, and were not, therefore, competent to
maKecoirect surveys. It was commonly done oy them on
horse-back, with a mea-suied rope, and without a compass.
Some tunes, when the land could not be ridden, over, it was
their custom to estimate or guess the courses, di-tances, and
quantity of the land gianted. In one of the first cases tried,
on appeal m the southern district, the court, in confirming
the title, ordered the decree of the commissioner, which con-
firmed the claim according to the quantity and boundaries
as set forth in the judicial possession of the alcade, to be
reformed so as to conform to the locality, extent, and
boundaries, as described m the original grant and map. This
rule of decision has been since steadily adheied to by the
court, except in the eases where the alcalde, in the act of
judicial possession, has observed strictly the terms oi the
giant. The decrees of eonfiimauon by the district court
differ, therefore, in many eases, flora the deeiees of the
last boaid of commissioners in tins essential lespect. In
one case, when the commissioner confirmed to the claim-
ant about seven leagues, the district court, regarding the
alcalde's act of judicial possession as eironeous, confirmed
the claim for onlv about Jour leagues. The district court
ol the southern district has rejected but two oj three claims
which the commissioner had confirmed. These were re-
jected on the ground of vagueness, or want of capacity in
the grantee to take. Another reason why there should he
some discrimination iu the dismissal ol the appeals by the
United States, is to be found in the opinions of the commis-
sioners confirming some two or three of these claims, in
which they intimate their belief that the grants are fraudu-
lent; but that, in the absence of all evidence ou thepait
of the United States to establish fiaud, thev were hound
to confitm them, m accordance with the ununpcached evi-
dence of the claimants. When such ca^c* are heatd de
novo, in the district couit, with the additional evidence
that may be offered, the result may be different.
The effect of an lndisoummate dismissal of all the ap-
peal*, on the part of the United rttates, from the decisions
ot the land commissioner, would, m mv opinion, give
standing to some large fraudulentgrants. To do this would
be an act of injustice to many peison* who have settled in
good faith upon public lands, now claimed undo fiauduh-nt
giants. Besides, it might give ri^e to a strong spirit of
opposition in some pints of California, not only to such
bad titles, but to many good one*-, which might be erione-
ousl) clawed with the lewfi.mdulent ones.
It will be permitted ine, howevei, in justice to those
claimants wIiom- -.'rants aie unquestionably valid, to say
in conclusion, that tin- long and piotiacted litigation of such
claim- by the United SriR^ has been a  ieat haul-hip
Of about eiL'ht bundled claims which have !ren acted upon
bv the late land eoinun.-.'-ionei.s, 1 have no doubt ot the va-
lidity of at Ica-t nine tenths of them. Thc^e should bo
patented by the United States with a- little delay a=> pos-
sible, after passing tlnough the United State- distt tctcouits.
In a few eases only would it he pioper to appeal to the
Supreme Court ot the United State- In the recent circular
of the Attorney Genetal in relation to this subject, he
justly declaies his intention to discontinue all appeals, in
'these land cases, on the part of the United States, where
justice requires it.
! have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient
servant, P. UllD, United States District attorney.
Southern District of California.
Hon. J. W. Denver, Howe of Representatives.
Now, sir, let us see how the provisions of the
proposed bill will operate. A claim is presented
to the board of commissioners, and by them con-
firmed to the claimants. It is then appealed to
the district court, and there rejected. It is then
taken to the Supreme Court of the United States,
and rejected there also. Pass this bill, and you
override the decisions of the Supreme Court and
the district court, fall back on the decisions of
the commissioners, and issue a patent for a claim
that had been rejected by the highest tribunal in
the country. Again, sir, by the passage of this
bill you would set aside the decisions of the dis-
trict court, referred to by Judge Ord, in which
frauds were discovered, and issue patents accord-
ins: to the decisions of the commissioners.
The board of commissioners were really con-
sidered as nothing more than an examining court,
and were never intended to do anything more
i than to take testimony in the cases presented for
I their consideration, and to express an opinion as
! to whether the United States or the claimant had
i the better ri^ht to the land in question, leaving it
' to the superior tribunals to give a final decision.
| The act of Congress creating1 the board of com-
| missioners declares the manner by which con-
' flictms: claims, and the rights of third parties,
shall be determined. It is now proposed, in
effect, to annul this act of Congress—to set aside
the decisions of the courts, and confirm the action
!i ofthecommissioners; notwithstandingtheyhave,
M in some cases, expressed doubts of the gemune-
'[ ness of some of the claims presented. I ask if
iI such a procedure is proper? I ask if it would be
;i right thus to set aside the laws of the country,
j and break ut) the decisions of the courts^
!! Mr. Sneaker, J will now recur to th.1 iecisions
| of the Supreme Court, and endeavor to si«.. w that
| j their late decisions in reference to the land claims
u in California, have reversed all the decisions by
them formerly made in similar claims in Florida
and Louisiana. The doctrine laid down by the
Supreme Court in the adjudication of titles de-
rived from France or Spain, in the State of Louis-
iana, was that " where a grant cannot be located
by metes and bounds, it cannot serve as a title in
an action of ejectment." In other words, the
land must have been surveyed, so as to separate
it from the public domain—the survey such that
it could be understood; so that the land might be
strictly identified as to the locus in quo. See Denise
et at. vs. Ruggles, 16 HowarJf £43, 244. The
opinion of the Supreme Court was unanimous.
The points taken m the case were briefly these:
In the circuit court §f the United States for the
district of Missouri the jury was mstiucted aa
follows:
" The court is of opinion that the grant to Renault, un-
aided by a survey under the French oi Spanish Govern-
ment, did not separate the land from the public domains;
that it cannot now from its uncertainty be located. It is
not, theiefore, a grant lor any specific lands, and does net
entitle the piamtilF to the locus in yuo."
The case was brought up to the Supreme Court
by a writ of erior. "The question turned upon
that point of construction as applicable to the
grant—the absence of certainty. The Supreme
Court decided that no correspondent survey could
be made for uncertain calls in a grant, and that
they should have been established by a French
or Spanish survey, as the case might be. The
court cited the calls of the grant, and stated the
fact that some of the objects called for were to
be found upon the ground, but still that they
were vague and too indefinite to be respected
without being previously established by actual
suivey. The language of the court is as follows:
" We are, therefore, of opinion that the ciicuit court
properlv held that the grants did not separate any -pectfic
tracts of land from the public domain, and that the jury
could not locate it."
The legal effect, therefore, of this decision is,
that grants on paper, without a survey, do not
separate anv specific tract from the public do-
main, unless so specially made as to define with
perfect certainty the metes and bounds; and,
therefore, that any lands actually surveyed after-
wards, and occupied by authority of law, by
any owner or settler, separating thereby so much
from the public domain, within the supposed
grant, which was uncertain and not surveyed,
will hold against the latter.
The Supreme Court have substantively con-
tinued to adhere to this doctrine, which is no
less the law of the land than it is the long-con-
tinued, uninterrupted, and wise policy of our
Government.
The leading case in the State of California
(which, perhaps, may be relied on for the other
side) does not, m the slightest degree, affect this,
doctrine. It is true it sets up a new distinction
to be raised and respected m such claims—that
of personal services—meritorious services—noth-
ing more. The principle as established, however,
: in the case of Denise et «/., vs. Ruggles, is reaf-
firmed and applied directly even to that class of
cases, and to that case itself. I give, in order to
detail in perfect fairness the true spirit of the
opinion, the entire paragraph to which I refer,
in the decivSion of the Fremont case. 1 do this, *
without gouts at present into any minute detail
of the antecedents, which, however, would show
that the court took such a view of the case as
greatly strengthens, and, in my judgment, fully
confirms my position, and maintains the amend-
ments which I have offered.
The case of Fremont vs. the United States will
be found in 17 Howard, page 542; and at page
558 the following is the language of the court to
which I refer:
" It is argued that the description is so vague and uncer-
tain that nothing passed by the grant, and that he had no
vested mtere-t until the "land was veyed, and the pan
intended to he gianted severed by lines or known bound-
aite.- fjom the pubh< dumam: but this objection cannot he
maintained. It is tine that, if any other prr-on within the
limits where the quantity granted to Aiv.uado wa- ro he
located, had atterwaids obtained a giant fiorn the Govern-
ment, by-peeifie houndaue«>, before Alvarado had made his
survey, the 'itle of the latter giautee could not be impnuod
by any -ub-eqiient survey of Alvarado. As between indi-
vidual claimants fiorn the Government, the tirle ol the
pauy who had obtained a grant tor the ^neeiiic land would
be the superior and better one; foi. by the general giant to
Alvaiado! the Government did not hind it-elf to niaUe no
other grant within the terutoty de^ei ibed until after he had
made "his survey; but, as between him and the Govern-
ment, he had a vested interest in the quantity of land men-
