1856.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
967
dated the 20th of December, 1815, to Bernardo
Segui, of seven thousand acres of land, lying on
the east side of the river St. John's, between the
place called Dunn's Lake and that known as
Horse Landing, including the place called Buffalo
Bluff, and more particularly described in the plat
and survey executed by Andrew Burgevin, on
the 10th of December, 1818, will be confirmed to
Bernardo Segui, or his legal representatives. The
patent is to be issued to William Marvin, on
proving to the satisfaction of the Commissioner
of the General Land Office that he is Segui's legal
representative; but the patent is only to operate
as a relinquishment of title oil the part of the
United States, and is not to affect the rights of
any third person.
Mr. HOUSTON. What land is covered by
this bill ?
Mr. BENJAMIN. I will satisfy, I think, the
Senator from Texas on this subject. This is a
tract of land which fell into the possession of
minor heirs in Florida. Their title has been
examined by the committee, and is found to be a
perfect title; but, being minors, they did not pre-
sent their claims to the commissioners appointed
by the United States until after the expiration of
the period which by lav/ was provided for the
reception of such claims. They presented their
claim, however, to the court, not knowing that
they were barred by this time, and it has been
rejected upon the ground that they were too late.
Now, as they were minors during the interval
which Congress allowed for presenting the claims,
and as the objection is, that theirs was not pre-
sented m time, the committee deem it very unjust
in the Government to refuse a title to these chil-
dren, because they did not present their claim at
a time when they were minors, and when their
legal guardian failed to take carc of their interest.
That is the whole case.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, read the third time, and passed.
A. S. BENDER.
The bill, (S. No. 224,) reported from the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs, for the relief of A. S.
Bender, was read the second time, and considered
as in Committee of the Whole.
It directs the Secretary of War to pay to A. S.
Bender $1,28192, in full consideration of his ser-
vices as superintendent of the United States lead
mines of the Upper Mississippi, from August 2,
1844, to October 16, 1847, that sum being the
difference between the pay to which the super-
intendent was entitled, and the pay of acting su-
perintendent, which he received for the period
named.
It appears that in 1843, while General Walter
Cunningham was superintending; the United
States lead mines of Illinois, Wisconsin, and
Iowa, (with a salary of $1,200 per annum,) it
became necessary that he should be sent to ex-
amine the copperregion of Lake Superior, when,
by special order of the Secretary of War, Bender
was sent out to relieve General Cunningham tem-
porarily at the lead mines, ata salary of $800 per
annum. In 1844, General Cunningham was per-
manently assigned to the agency of the copper
mines, and consequently did not return to liis
former post; so that all the duties of the special
agency of the lead mines, originally assigned to
General Cunningham, devolved upon Bender,
which he continued to perform from May 11,
1843, to October 16, 1847, and for which he was
paid at the rate of $800 per annum. From inform-
ation derived from the War Department, it is
shown that, in all the correspondence between that
Department and Bender, he was recognized as
"the acting agent," and, moreover, that he per-
formed the duties of the agency to the satisfaction
of the Department. He asked to be allowed the
difference in salary, ($400 per annum,) not from
the time of his taking charge of the works, but
from the date of General Cunningham's perma-
nent transfer to the copper mines, August 2,1844,
to October 1G, 1847—three years, two months, and
fourteen dnys, amounting to $1,281 92.
Mr. TOOMBS. I would ask what is the rea-
son that that case is brought here ? It seems to
be clearly within the jurisdiction of the Court of
Claims. I am opposed to bringing here any
cases of that kind. According to the statement
of the bill, it belongs to the other tribunal.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Stuart.)
The Chair will state that it is a Senate bill, re-
ported from the Committee on Military Affairs
by their chairman.
Mr. TOOMBS. I wish to inquire why is not
that case within the jurisdiction of the Court of
Claims? It seems to me to be so from the state-
ment of the bill.
Mr. WELLER. I will state that, whenever a
claim is referred to us, if we consider it a just and
proper one, and have no doubt about the pro-
priety of its allowance, we do not feel at liberty
to take it and refer it to that court.
Mr. TOOMBS. I think that is not a sound
principle; it is one which we ought not to toler-
ate, because, if we do, we shall have the jurisdic-
tion of the two tribunals constantly confused.
We shall find that oftentimes where a case has
been decided in principle before the Court of
Claims against the party, it will be brought be-
fore Congress—I know one such case now—and
the Senate and House of Representatives will find
themselves crowded with claims of this kind,
just as though no Court of Claims had been es-
tablished. Therefore, although I do not approve
of the decision of the Chair, I will act under it,
and move to refer back the bill to the committee
with instructions to report the reference of it to
the Court of Claims.
Mr. WELLER. I do not think we should be
disposed to make a report of that character. If
satisfied that the claim is a just and proper one,
we should unquestionably recommend its passage.
Mr. TOOMBS. I think the committees are
ousted of jurisdiction in these cases where they
in themselves can be decided by the Court of
Claims. I take it, that no committee of this body
has the right, under the law, to adjudicate cases
that are within the jurisdiction of the Court of
Claims; and to bills providing for such cases I
shall most assuredly object in every instance.
Mr. WELLER. The Senator will observe
that this is a very important question, and one
which certainly ought to be passed upon deliber-
ately by the Senate. If we have ousted our-
selves of jurisdiction in that way by the act es-
tablishing the Court of Claims the sooner we,
establish that the better; but I should like to
have the Senator from Georgia present the dis-
tinct question, and it ought not to be passed 011
hastily.
Mr. TOOMBS. The only way that we can do
it is to object to the bill when itappcars, upon its
face, that it is a case within the jurisdiction of the
Court of Claims.
Mr. WELLER. I think the better plan will
be to let the bill go over until next Friday, and
then we can discuss that point.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. If there be no
objection, the bill will bo passed over.
HEIRS OF SAMUEL SCOTT.
The next bill on the Calendar was the bill, (S.
No. 228,) reported from the Committee on Revo-
lutionary Claims, for the relief of the heirs of
Samuel Scott.
By it the Commissioner of the General Land
Office is required to investigate the claim of the
heirs-at-law of Samuel Scott, late of the State of
Virginia, and if he shall find, 011 such investiga-
tion, they were entitled to bounty land for revo-
lutionary services, under the laws of that State,
which they failed to procure for the reasonthat
the papers which established their right had been
mislaid in the Pension Office, he shall issue to
them a warrant or warrants for such number of
acres as they may be entitled to under the bounty
land laws of the State of Virginia.
Major Samuel Scott was a captain of cavalry
in the Virginia State line, which served in the
State of Georgia, and in which he served three
years and more; he was afterwards appointed
and commissioned a colonel of militia, in which
service he continued to the end of the war. In
consequence of these services he was entitled to
bounty land, under the resolution of Virginia of
7th November, 1779, and also to a pension under
the act of Congress of 1832. In 1838, the widow
of Major Scott applied for and_ obtained a pen-
sion under the act of Congress of 1S36. The same
evidence which established the right of the widow
to a pension entitled the petitioner to the bounty
land under the laws of Virginia. Afterwards, in
1844, application was made to the Pension OfBce
for copies of the papers, for the purpose of laying
them before the Executive of Virginia as evidence
of the petitioner's right to bounty land, but'the
papers could notbefound; and, although frequent
application was made, the papers were never
found until 1854; that, immediately after the pa-
pers were found, application was made to the Gov-
ernor of Virginia, but the period of limitation for
the presentation of claims for revolutionary bounty
land had expired, and the Governor refused to
entertain the application. Under these circum-
stances the petitioners allege, that they will losa
the land to which they are justly entitled, unless
Congress will interpose in their behalf.
Mr. HAMLIN. It seems to me that that cornea
precisely within the rule which the Senate has
laid down, that they will not allow the Depart-
ment to settle questions of this kind. I therefore
move that it be referred to the Court of Claims.
Mr. EVANS. The Court of Claims, I sup-
pose, would have no jurisdiction. These parties
allege, that they were entitled, under the laws of
Virginia, to bounty land for services in the Rev-
olution; that the widow was also entitled, under
the act of 1836, to a pension; that they made out
their papers and lodged them in the Pension
OfBce. She had her pension allowed. When,
however, they applied for the papers in order to
present their claim before the Governor of Vir-
ginia for the land, the papers were lost, and they
were not found for ten years. In the mean time,
the Legislature of Virginia passed a law pro-
viding that all claims for land, under their reso-
lutions passed during the revolutionary war,
that were not presented within a given time,
should be barred, so that, when their papers
were found, and they presented them to the
governor of Virginia, the reply was, " You are
barred by the statute of Virginia." But for
that statute they would have been entitled. It
was the misfortune of these parties that their pa-
pers were mislaid m the Pension Office until after
the law of Virginia expired; and it did seem to
me to present a case in which they were entitled
to relief, inasmuch as it was not their fault that
they did not present their papers in time, but it
was in consequence of the acts of the officers of
the Government in putting the papers where they
could not be found. The bill only provides that
they shall be put upon the same footing which
they would have occupied if these papers had
not been mislaid by the officers of the Govern-
ment.
Mr. HAMLIN. The Senator's explanation
certainly does not change the matter; but still I
withdraw my motion.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, and ordered to be engrossed for fa.
third reading. It was read a third time, and
passed.
MILITARY ACADEMY BILL.
Mr. WELLER, from the committee of con-
ference on the part of the Senate 011 the disa-
greeing votes of the two Houses on the bill (H.
R. No^ 69) making appropriationsfor the support
of the Military Academy for the year ending 30th
June, 1857, reported that they'have agreed to
recommend that the House of Representatives
recede from its disagreement to the Senate's
amendment; which was concurred in.
Subsequently a message was received from the
House of Representatives, by Mr. Barclay, As-
sistant Clerk, announcing that the House of Rep-
I resentatives had agreed to the report of the com-
mittee of conference.
F. A. CUNNINGHAM.
The bill reported by the Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs (S. No. 229) for the relief of F. A.
Cunningham, paymaster United States Army,
was read the second time; and the Senate, as in
Committee of the Whole, proceeded to its con-
sideration.
It proposes to direct the proper accounting of-
ficers of the Treasury Department, in the settle-
ment of the accounts of F. A. Cunningham, as
paymaster, to allow him a credit of $36,085 of
which sum of public money he was robbed at
Santa Fe, New Mexico, on the 18th of January,
1855.
Mr. WELLER, This is a lanje amount of
money, and it may be necessary for me to state
the facts. When the robbery was committed
Major Cunningham was disabled by the btovrs
