1856.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
331
34th Cong....1st Sess.
.Kansas Contested Election—Mr. Letcher.
Ho. or Reps.
recognized him, without objection, even by the
chairman of this Committee of Elections, [Mr.
Washburn,] who was then upon the floor as a
member of the last or Thirty-Third Congress,
and entitled to raise the objection that General
Whitfield was improperly returned, and having
raised no objection tnen, he is now concluded
from going behind the election, or interposing an
objection to the law under which he was returned.
It was valid, in his opinion, in the last or Thirty-
Third Congress; and I submit that he cannot now
question its binding force m the present Congress.
Mr. WAKEMAN, (interrupting.) I was not
present when the Delegate from the Territory of
Kansas was sworn in; but I am informed that the
gentleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Grow,] at
the time General Whitfield approached your desk
to have the oath administered to him, said he
should raise the question of the right of the gen-
tleman from Kansas to be sworn in as a member
of this body, and to enter upon his duties as
such; that he would waive the question then, but
that, if he was sworn in, it should be without
prejudice to the right to raise the question there-
after.
Mr. LETCHER. The gentleman has started
off upon the wrong track. I am not talking
about the last election of General Whitfield as a
Delegate; I am talking about the Jjfst election
of Whitfield, when he jirst came here, and when,
without objection from any one, he served out the
balance of the last or Thirty-Third Congress; to
the election which took place under the act organ-
izing the Territories of Kansas and Nebraska.
The President, therefore, under the decision which
has been referred to, was right in recognizing the
territorial government now existing in Kansas.
He could recognize no other government there.
And I wish to call the attention of the House
to another matter in that connection. Where
was the Governor when the first election was held
in Kansas Territory, a year or more ago, which
sent Whitfield to this House ? This identical man,
Andrew H. Reeder,was then acting as-Governor
of Kansas. This same Governor, Andrew H.
Reeder, gave the commission to John W. Whitfield
under which he claimed, was sworn in, and held
his seat here in the first instance, without a word
of objection, even from the chairman of the Com-
mittee of Elections who raises the question now.
Now, sir, if the election was improper—if it was
vitiated, in any way, by illegality of any sort—
whv did Reeder give to Whitfiela the certificate
under which he came here, and under which he
took his seat in this House without objection
from any one ? A number of the gentlemen on
the other side of the House were here then; but
it never entered the head of either of them, that
Whitfield was illegally elected, or that he was
not entitled to a seat as a Delegate from one of
the duly-organized Territories. The law had
been regularly passed—was everywhere recog-
nized as a law of the land; and these Massachu-
setts emigrants even claimed protection under
it, and demanded that its provisions should be
enforced for their benefit.
It seems to me that tBe course which gentle-
men have adopted here is calculated rather to
complicate this matter than to relieve it from
embarrassment. What is the state of facts ?
Whitfield is here in his seat as the Delegate
from the Territory of Kansas, with the commis-
sion from the Governor of that Territory in all.
respects in accordance with the law, and this
House has recognized its legality and validity.
How comes Mr. Reeder here ? He comes here
-in the character of a contestant, asking to oust
Mr. Whitfield from his seat, and claiming that
he is legally entitled to it. Well now, sir, if the
Comnnttee had undertaken to decide, in the first
instance, whether Reeder was eligible to a seat
on this floor, whether he Was a party who could
occupy the position, and whether he was entitled
to the privileges attaching to a contestant, and if
they had disposed of that question, would they
not have simplified the matter very much ? And
would they not have relieved it of a great many
of the difficulties which now surround it? Un-
questionably they would; and it becomes them to
explain to the House why they have not adopted
this plain and simple course of action.
Strange as it may appear to some of the gen-
tlemen on the other side of the House, I deny that
Mr. Reeder is eligible to a seat in this House As
a Delegate from the Territory of Kansas; and I
shall endeavor to make that appear. When Mr.
Reeder went to the Territory of Kansas, he went
there in the capacity of its Governor. He went
there to perform a specific duty, by virtue of the
agency so conferred upon him. Who accom-
panied him when he went to that Territory in the
first instance ? If I am correctly advised, and if
the history of the time is to be relied upon, he
was accompanied by Mr. Flenniken, who set up
as a candidate for Congress on the Free-Soil side
j against the present sitting member. Did Mr.
, Flenniken go there to become a citizen of that
Territory ? On the contrary, so far from it, are
' not the facts growing out of his going to that
'"Territory and his returning, conclusive evidence
that he never went there with an intention of be-
coming a citizen, unless the people of that Terri-
tory should take him up and better his fortunes by
sending him as a Delegate to this body ? So soon
as that election was over, Mr. Flenniken returned
to the State of Pennsylvania for the purpose of
prosecuting his profession. He had never changed
his domicile. He never went to Kansas with an
intention of remaining. That intention, what-
ever it was, was an intention depending upon a
contingency—whether Governor Reeder ana him-
self, by their joint influence, could send him to
this House. If he Could have succeeded in his
purpose, he would doubtless have made Kansas
his future residence.
Now, let us see how it is with Mr. Reeder.
Did he go to remain in that Territory ?—because,
mark you, it is the intention with which he went
which constitutes his claim to citizenship and
establishes his right to be returned to this body.
. If he went there to remain under any and all cir-
| cumstances, how does it happen that his family
I still remained at his home in Pennsylvania?
| How does it happen that his domicile never was
changed?—that his property remained in Penn-
sylvania?—that his family remained there?—that
all the ties which bound him to existence were
connected with that particular spot ? Yet the fact
is so, that he went to Kansas in the discharge of
his governmental agency, and not as a settler;
and, when that governmental ageticy was termin-
ated—when the election of the 9th of August,
under which he claims to have been returned
to this House, was over—he returned to his home
and his family in Pennsylvania, and there he has
remained from that day to this. Now, I say that,
under these circumstances, the inference is irre-
sistible that he never went to that Territory to
remain, unless on the contingency that he could
hold his executive office, and could consummate
the land-speculating schemes which he" meditated,
but which subsequent interference by Government
officers thwarted.
Well, now, let us look at another point in con-
nection with this matter. These gentlemen claim
that they have the right to go behind the certifi-
cate of Mr. Whitfield—to look into all the facts
connected with the election under which he claims
to come here; and not only so, but to go still
further, and to look at the law, and the Authorities
by which that law was passed', under which the
election was held. And they tell us very gravely,
sir—and with a great deal of self-satisfaction—
that anybody who is opposed to their view of the
case is opposed to and is seeking to stifle inves-
tigation, is striving to conceal the facts, and thqt
he does not desire to have them exposed to the
public view!
Now, sir, I desire an investigation, and I will
tell gentlemen how I propose to have that inves-
tigation made. Mr. Reeder comes here contesting
the seat of Mr. Whitfield, and is called upon to
say why he is not prepared with lists of illegal
votes, with the specificground of objection to the
illegality of each vote, arid why he is not prepared
with testimony to establish his allegations. His
reply is, that he has had no opportunity of being
prepared, because of the course of the Secre-
tary of the Territory, and because of the fact that
there were no officers there who could swear
the witnesses and take the testimony. This is a
matter between Whitfield and Reeder. This is
a controversy between them, and them alone.
Now, what I propose is this, that as it is a matter
which concerns them personally—the one the
sitting and the other the contesting member—this
House, instead of appointing a committee who
have no interest in this matter, and whose action
will have no other effect except to make mischief
and to create disturbance throughout the land,
send Whitfield and Reeder back there armed with
proper authority, so that they can take testimony
and report it to this body. Sir, is it not much
more proper that they should go ? They have
both been there, and are acquainted with all the
facts connected with this controversy. Mr.
Reeder knows the grounds on which he relies to
oust Whitfield, and will therefore know where
to go in his search for testimony; and, on the
other hand, Mr. Whitfield will know where to go
for testimony to enable him to resist the preten-
sions of Mr. Reeder. But gentlemen object to
this, on the ground that it will be calculated to
create excitement. Now, sir, it strikes me that
there is much less likelihood of disturbance and
excitement under the arrangement which I pro-
pose. Suppose you send this election or any
other committee out there, or suppose you arm
them with the power to send there and summon
parties to appear before them here, do you not
thereby give to this contest a much greater degree
of consequence and importance ? Do you not
rouse up a storm of excitement far greater than
would attach to it if these parties, who Are alone
concerned, shall be charged with the duty of
prosecuting the investigation? So it strikes me,
sir.
But, again: they propose to go back and look
into the election, as I understand it, of those who
were returned to the Legislative Assembly in
March, 1855. Under the election laws, Mr.
Reeder was compelled to give notice to General
Whitfield that he meant to contest his seat, and
to assign the grounds on which he intended to
rely in prosecuting that contest before this House.
If, sir, you are now going into an inquiry in rela-
tion to'tfee -members who constitute the Legisla-
ture of Kansas—(or, rather, who did constitute itj
for they are now no longer in office)—if you pro-
: pose to investigate the manner by which they got
there, to ascertain who voted for them—whether
| they were parties to a fraud to stifle public senti-
I ment—you must, at least, give them notice, and
allow them an opportunity to be heard in defense
of their conduct and their characters, as dear to
them as Reeder's character can possibly be to
him.
Does this House contemplate anything of this
sort ? Is it contemplated even by the Committee
of Elections to do anything of this kind ? Not at
all. They propose to go there to inquire into the
election of members of that Territorial Legisla-
ture, charged, as they have been in advance, with
all sorts of fraud and misconduct by the chairman
and other members of this committee. They do
not intend or expect that the members of that
Legislature shall be allowed to produce testimony,
or be heard in their defense.
Well, sir, look at this matter in another point
of view. Suppose you give the power to the
committee which they now ask for, and they send
to Kansas for witnesses, and make the investi-
gation which they propose, and after they have
taken that testimony, this House should come
to the conclusion that the members of that Legis-
lature were improperly returned, what would it
amount to? Could that fact affect the validity
of the election of General Whitfield ? Not at all.
He was not elected at the same time at which the
members of the Legislature were elected. The
Legislature was elected, I think, in the month of
March, 1855, and General Whitfield was elected
in the month of October following. Suppose,
then, that you can show that the members of the
Legislature elected in March were illegally elected,
do you then seek to draw the inference there-
from that because the persons purporting to have
been elected to the Legislature in March were
improperly elected, that therefore the Delegate to
Congress elected seven months after that time
was also improperly elected. The inference
would be a monstrous one. But yet it seems to
be the inference which some gentlemen here have
determined to draw, to the prejudice of the sitting
Delegate
It strutes me, that if gentlemen will look at this
