am
-jraSWlUX'TO-TOE CONGRESSIONAL GUOBE.
[March 13,
34th Gong •••• 1st Sess.
Kansas Contested EHectim—rMr. Letcher.
Ho. of Reps.
question in th« point of view in which I hay«
presented it, they must see that nothing useful
or valuable can be accomplished by the course of
action that is proposed. This Howe cannot repeal
the law of Kansas. It requires the concurrence
of both branches of the national Legislature and
the approval of the Executive to give vitality toa
law j and one hranch of the.national Legislature
certainly cannot repeal what it has reauired both
to pass. You cannot, then, accomplish anything
whatever, so far as these laws.are concerned, by
the course ©faction you propose. You can, if
you set yourselves about it, inflame sectional
prejudices and rouse up popular passion, and
thus continue and increase the strife and excite-
ment which already exists in that Territory, and
throughout the country, upon this slavery ques-
tion. You cannot reasonably expect any other
result. ,
A Member. They, do not want to accomplish
any other result.
Mr. LETCHER. I think it Very probable
that no other result is desired by mjuiy on the
other side of the House; and I think so for this
reason: I have not seen a solitary gentleman on
the other side of the House here, who has argued
thin question, who has not taken the ground most
unqualifiedly that he had nothing to do with Gov-
ernor Keader^-that it was no matter what Gov-
ernor Reeder'a position now was, or what had
been his official conduct. They hid nothing to
say upon that subjects-nothing to do with his
official conduct in granting certificates to mem-
bers of the Legislature or to Whitfield.
Now, it strikes me that, with. Governor Reeder
ber6, with the majority oftbe House sympathizing
.in all his feelings, and anxiousto secure a place for
him on this floor, it is somewhat extraordinary
that, of all the members comprising the majority
, her®, there should hot be one to say a kind word
for Governor Reeder-r-to offer something in the
way 0^ excuse or of justification for his.official
. action; but not one word in the way of commend-
ation of his conduct has been spoken, so far as
I ^o.w recollect. Gentlemen do not declare that
they approve his course; they are silent upon
that interesting subject.
Now, in my view, the whole history-of the
matter, so far as Governor Reeder is concerned,
is just this: When Governor Reeder went to that
Territory* he went with large expectations as to
his future worldly prospects. He designed to
avail himself of his official position to acquire
influence, power, wealth, and reputation in the
new Territory, to the governorship of. which he
had been appointed; and when he failed to se-
cure those objectsr-when he was deprived of his
official position—when he was dismissed as
Governorpfthe Territory by the President^then,
for the first time, he began tp look aJcound for the
. aew associations with whieb he has since been
connected. Then it was, for the purpose of im-
proving his forlorn condition, that he determined
to join the political party with which he is now
#0 intimately associated. He thought be saw in
the political complexion of this House of Repre-
sentatives a, chance, at least, to obtain position
here, and he laid bis plans accordingly. It was
At that time that he began to feel so greatly con-
cerned for th* coBdition pf the outraged and in-
jured people of Kansas! Gentlemen say now
that they care nothing , about Governor Reeder;
but it is in behalf of the people of the Territory
that they propose to. act—that it is thtit interest
they seek to secure—(heir rights thjey desire .to
protect and uphold. Now, it seem* to me that
if the rights of the people of Kansas are in such
imminent danger—if the people are so. much ean-
b«trrassed and environed with such pressing diffi-
culties as require us to take immediate action for
. their relief,—I say, if all this be true, it seems la
little remarkable that no petition, no memorial,
from that Territory, wetting forth the facts* has
been presented to this House, asking our inter-
position to protect them in the enjoyment of
their right#, and to relieve them, from the injustice
-mid the oppression which Reeder and his friends
♦liege they have suffered from the citizens of
Missouri.
Governor Reeder comes here and claims to be
a contestant for the seat occupied by General
Whitfield. up« ; (bis floor. Where is his certifi-
cate of election; and by whom w it signed?
Whet* is the law under which the election of
the 9th of August was held? By what legal au-
thority, or with what legal right, does he present
himself before this House, and ask us to consider
his claim as a contestant for the seat now held by
Whitfield? . .
And not only that, but take the question in
another point of view. While Governor Reeder
is here claiming a seat, the free-State party in
the Territory of Kansas have actually commis-
sioned mwtktr ?nan, who is now in this city, as I
understand, as the peculiar Representative of the
Free-Soil views—as the individual in whom they
especially confide to carry out their plans, and to
maintain and defend thenr principles.
Mr. Delahay, as I understand, is here claim-
ing to have been elected by the voters of the State-
of Kansas, under and by authority of the State
government, which is said to have gone into
operation within a few days. Now, wnich is the
Simon Pure—Mr. Delahay or Governor Reeder ?
Both of them come here professing to represent
the people of Kansas; and how, when all laws
are set aside, and Delegates are elected without
ifltp, aregewtlemen to decide between them ? What
right have they to assume that Governor Reeder
is the man who is entitled to the privilege of a
seat here, and that Mr. Delahay is not entitled to
that privilege?
Here is a conflict between these two persons.
They both claim to represent the Free-Soil party
—one claiming to represent the State of Kansas,
and the other claiming to represent the Territory
of Kansas; and how are you to decide between
them? What right have you tq assume that
Reeder is the peculiar guardian of the people of
Kansas? What right nave you to assume that he
is the man, of all men, to whom the representa-
tion of the interests of that, people have been in-
trusted? Is there stronger reason to believe that
he is entitled to the position than Delahay? If
SO, state tb$ reason.
I should like to know why Reeder is given the
preference, when his friends on this floor are the
peculiar friends of the State government which is
said to be in operation in Kansas, and of which
Delahay claims to be the Representative ? Why
should they give the preference to the Territorial
Delegate over the so-called State member? I
should like to bear the reasons relied upon by
these gentlemen to justify this preference. _ As
things stand novy, this seems to be a sort of trian-
gular war between Whitfield, Reeder, and Dela-
hay* The Committee of Elections say they must
havp power to send for persons and papers before
they can decide. They must see the documents
and bear the testimony of witnesses, before they
can relieve the House from the difficulty. They
will pot relieve the creation from its embarrass-
ment by first inquiring whether Reeder has,a
right to be here. If he is disposed of, the case
is relieved to that extent, Rut this tbjay refuse to
f)o; they will take no step that is calculated to
simplify the matter. On the contrary, they labor
.tq add to the embarrassment which now sur-
rounds it. They seek to cloud it by a thick mist
and fog, and under that mist and fog they hope
tp escape public condemnation. They desire to
keep up the,agitation, in the confident expectation
that it will maintain that power and influence in
the North yrbich has returned the present domi-
nant majority to this House. Instead of promptly
dismissing from their consideration the preten-
sions of a man. who doe? not even claim to have
been elected under any law whatsoever, they con-
sider it proper to countenance bis cause.
I bfcY® a WOri or two in conclusion to say to
the.gentleman froin New York, [Mr. Wakpman,]
■ who addressed the House oil yesterday evening.
; He addressed an earnest appeal to the Americans
in tbi# House tp, come up and help him to resist
this broken-down Administration, as he termed
it* in it£ efforts to keep Whitfield in bis seat.
A Ypick. No; to investigate the facts of the
case.
Mr. LETCHER. No, sir; gentlemen under-
take to state what the facts are before an investi-
gation has been had. The gentleman charged
emphatically that the President was using allnis
influence to keep Whitfield in his seat. How he
got to that conclusion I do not know. I have
seen no evidence of interference in behalf of
Whitfield by the President.
There is not just exactlyas much magnanimity
in the State of New York—if we judge from the
gentleman's course on this occasion—as there
would be south of Mason and Dixon's line in a
similar case. If the Administration were broken
down—if it were prostrate, would a gallant and
magnanimous opponent attempt to trample upon
it? No, sir; it is not prostrate; it is not broken
down. The news from New Hampshire shows
that it is on rising ground, even in the Granite
State. The returns of the late election have ex-
cited the gentleman's fears, and have induced this
earnest appeal to the opponents of the Adminis-
tration to come to the rescue. It will not be favor-
ably responded to by those to whom it was ad-
dressed, or I am greatly mistaken.
Mr. WAKEMAN. I would inquire if Presi-
dent Pierce cannot carry the State of New Hamp-
shire, what State he can carry ?
Mr. LETCHER. I think he can carry the
State of Virginia, if he is again a candidate.
[Great laughter.] I think, sir, he.can carry the
State of New Hampshire. If the Democracy
continue to exert themselves—if they are true to
themselves, and true to their principles—if the
same spirit that has animated them for twelve
months pgfit shall continue to animate them, even
in the northern States, the Black Republican pony
will be distanced in the next presidential race.
[Laughter.] A gain of seven thousand votes in
New Hampshire in one year will do pretty well;
and if that thing goes on, it will not be long before
the State is redeemed and restored to her former
position in the Democratic line.
And let me say another thing to the gentleman.
I think it is not impossible that he will have to
vote for or against General Pierce for President at
the next election. And let me say to him, that
i if the President shall continue to maintain and
insist upon the faithful observance of the consti-
tutional obligations of all sections of the Union—
if he shall be as faithful and as true as he has
heretofore been to the rights of the States and
the union of the States—if he shall, in the language
ofhis own sentiment, know "no North, no South,
no East, no W.est," the national Democrats of
the country, no matter in what part of the Union
they reside, will cheerfully support him if nom-
inated as the candidate.
Mr. WAKEMAN. That is with the Cincin-
nati convention.
Mr. LETCHER. You have no right to speak
for the Cincinnati convention. You are not of
us. You do not belong to our party. All you
have to do is to remain quiet, and the Demo-
cratic party will be apt to do for you in the future
what it has done for you so often before—thrash
Sou soundly at the polls in November next.
3reat laughter.]
Let me take the converse of this proposition.
Suppose, the party to which the gentleman belongs
shovJd get the ascendency, Suppose they suc-
ceed in securing the executive authority of this
country and both branches of the national Legis-
lature, bo that all will* work in harmony, how-
long does the gentleman suppose, under such an
Administration, recognizing the principles they
profess, and adopting the measures they approve,
the Uaioo of these States would endure ?
. Mr. WAKEMAN. All the time.
Mr. LETCHER. All the time! Then I
should be sorry to entertain the opinion of you
that you must entertain of us. I should be sorry
to believe that even you of the North, were the
power of. this Government wielded to the de-
struction of your rights, and in such a way as to
deprive you of your property, would tamely sub-
mit without resistance, and without a murmur.
So far as the South are concerned, sir, I tel^you
now what I have no doubt will be the fact—what
I believe firmly and conscientiously, that, if you
should have power here, and undertake to pass
measures to carry out the principles which you
profess, you would find that we had spirit enough
to separate from you, and make the effort, at
least, to take care of ourselves.
A Voice. What measures ?
Mr. LETCHER. If you undertake to repeal
the fugitive-slave law, and deprive us of the means
of recovering our property when it is stolen from
