1842
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 30,
those of Ms associates, (if he has any,) the place of his birth,
his Diace of habitation, profusion, and employment, to-
gether with the most particular and distinguished features
If the tract, mountain, or vein, of winch lie claims the dis-
covery," &c.
The Supreme Court fully recognizes the la%vs
here alluded to in their decision in the Fremont
case, 17 Howard, page 565, in which they declare
as follows:
" In relation to that part of the argument which disputes
Ills rjvht, upon the ground that his grant embiaces mines
of gold or silver, it is sufficient tosay that, under the mining
laws of Spain, the discovery of a mine of gold or silver did
not destroy the title of the individual to the land granted.
The only question before the court is the validity of the
title. And whether there be any mines on this land, and,
if there be any, what are the lights ot the sovereignty in
them, are questions which mu t be decided m another form
of proceeding, and are not subjected to the jurisdiction ol
the commissioners, or the court, by the act of 1851."
While I am willing to go as far as the gentle-
man from Kentucky, or any other gentleman, in
redressing the wrongs of this people, yet it seems
to me that it would be well to examine the grounds
upon which it is proposed to act, before we pro-
ceed to take so important a step as is here in-
tended. And while you arc looking at the inter-
ests of one party, it would be well to look at
other rights which would be invaded by the pas-
sage of such a law as this. How much land in
the Territories of the United States would satisfy
these preemption claims? How much legisla-
tion would be necessary to give vitality to the
law of Mexico, which was a part of the condition
of every one of these grants? It is necessaiy
that some reference should be had to these things,
if action should be taken by Congress._ 1 had
intended to present a system for working the
mines and icvivmg tJFTo iaw which entered into
and became a part of these grunts, in order to
bring the subject before the House. But 1 be-
come satisfied of the fact, upon examination, that
the United States had no right to the minerals;
that the right of eminent domain over them vested
alouo in the State of California;and further, that
the Stale has no right to alienate her title to them.
It can direct the working of the mines, but cannot
grant them in fee simple.
In view of those facts, I am content to leave the
subject as presented in the bill 1 have offered for
your consideration.
Are gentlemen aware of the extent to which
the passage of the bill repoited by the Commit-
tee on the Judiciary would go? It would con-
firm all sorts of claims simply because they have
been passed by the board of land commissioners
bcfoie the 1st day of January last. It has been
,s-aid by the gentleman from Kentucky that this
limitation as to tim^ was made for the purpose of
preventing the confirmation of fraudulent claims.
1 have mentioned one, of the fraudulent chaiacter
of which no person m California has any manner
of doubt; but it may be presented at this dis-
tance, and made to appear a very fair claim.
Another claim, which I believe was passed on
before January last, is a claim for the jurisdiction
of Mare Island, on which is the United States
navy-yard, and on which have been expended
millions of dollars. Now, sir, I have been in-
formed that the grant in respect to this island
was originally only to allow some stock to graze
there. 1 have been informed that when this grant
was first known, in 1850, it extended no further.
But now, upon this same paper, there is an abso-
lute grant of the land, and a contract was entered
into with the United States authorities, that if
the claim should be decided in favor of the par-
ties claiming it, the Government should pay a
very large amount for it—I believe some $300,000.
A Member. Was this claim to Mare Island
passed upon by the board of commissioners prior
to the 1st of January ?
Mr. DENVER. That is my recollection.
Mr. H. MARSHALL. It was passed on the
12th of February.
Mr. DENVER. The amendments I have pro-
posed are not presumed to be the best that could
be framed. I have presented them because 1 sup-
posed that the House had determined to pass
something of the sort, and I prefer them to the
bill offered by my colleague; but I think it would
be wise if this House would take no action upon
the subject. I think the best thing we can do is
to let the matter stand as it is, and see what will
come out of it hereafter. • I do not present the
bill which I have offered, therefore, bccause I
desire to see it passed, for I really think that, for
the present, any legislation upon the subject
would be wrong. If the Attorney General does
his duty, these claims will soon be disposed oi,
and I am willing that he shall be required to act
without delay. That he has neglected this matter
too long I am free to admit; but if he will only
live up to what he proposes, there will soon be an
end of the matter. Let us require him to do his
duty, and not again throw ev^ytthmg into con-
fusion hv further unwise leffislatron.
fusion by further unwise legislat;
message from the senate.
A message was received from the Senate, by
Asbury Dickins, their Secretary, informing the
House that the Senate hall agreed to the amend-
ments of the House of Representatives to the bill
(S. No. 76) entitled "An act for the relief of the
widows and orphans of the officers, seamen, and
marines, of the United States sloop of war Albany,
and for other purposes.''
Kansas contested-Election case.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. I rise to a
question of privilege. I call up the resolutions
reported by the Committee of Elections in the
Kansas contested-election case.
The resolutions were read, and are as follows:
Resolved, That John W. Whitfield is not entitled to a
scat m this House as a Delegate from the Territory of
Kansas. , .
Raolved, That Andrew H. lteeder be admitted to a seat
on this llour as a Delegate from the Territory of Kansas.
Ml'. UNDERWOOD. Mr. Speaker, this ques-
tion is altogether of too much importance to be
acted on with a thin House, and I therefore move
that there be a call of the House.
Mr. PHELPS. I understand that the gentle-
man from Maine does not intend to press the
question to a vote to-day; and I would suggest
that the gentleman from Kentucky withdraw his
motion that there be a call of the House.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. If the gentleman does
not intend to call for the previous question, and
to press the resolutions to a vote to-day, I with-
draw the motion that there be a call of the House.
Mr. WASHBURN. I do not intend to call
for the previous question to-day.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. Then I withdraw my
motion that there be a call of the House.
Mr. STEPHENS. If the gentleman from
Maine will yield to me, I will move that the
further consideration of this question of privilege
be postponed until to-morrow, in order that we
may get rid of the bill that is pending before the
House. The House can be notified that this con-
tested-election case will be the first business in
order in the morning.
Mr. DUNN. I trust the gentleman from Maine ^
will give notice, and insist on it, that he will to ,
morrow press this question to a vote. 1 do not !
see why we should spend any further time on it. 1
Mr. WASHBURN. 1 move, as it seems to |
accord with the feeling of the'House, that the
further consideration of the resolution be post-
poned until to-moriow, at eleven o'clock, a. m.
The motion was agieed to.
Mr. WASHBURN. I now give notice that I
will, if I get the floor, call for the previous ques-
tion at three o'clock to-morrow afternoon.
WITHDRAWAL OF PAPERS.
On motion of Mr. GREENWOOD, it was
Ordered, Tliat leave be gt anted for the withdrawal from
the liles of the House, of the petition and papers of Theresa
Dard.'nne, m older that they may he presented to the Sen-
ate.
CALIFORNIA LAND CLAIMS—AGAIN.
The House then resumed the consideration of
the bill to expedite the issuing of patents for con-
firmed land claims in California.
Mr. H. MARSHALL advocated the bill, and
replied to the gentleman from California, [Mr.
Denver.] His speech will appear in the Appen- !
dix.
Mr. CADWALADER. If we legislate in any
of the modes proposed, it is obvious that we will
interfere with the ordinary course of judicial
transactions m our country; and ill a case of that
sort I am certain that no member o"f {his House
would desire to take any action where there is
obviously so great a contrariety of opinion among
the members, who profess to have particularly
investigated the subject. _ I therefore move to lay
the bill upon the table.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I hope the gentle-
man will withdraw his motion until I make a few
remarks.
Mr. CADWALADER. If the gentleman risen
for the purpose of speaking in concurrence with
the views of the gentleman who has last spoken,
I must refuse to withdraw the motion.
Mr. SMITH. I shall speak against the views
of that gentleman.
Mr. CADWALADER. If gentlemen think it
is unreasonable that the side I advocate should
have the last word, I will not withdraw the mo-
tion.   .
Mr. SMITH. There is no objection to my
proceeding. . ,
Mr. CADWALADER. I decline to withdraw
the motion. Gentlemen all around me, by their
looks, are opposed to the withdrawal of the mo-
tion. TT
Mr. MACE moved that the House adjourn;
which motion was disagreed to.
Mr. WAKEMAN. I call for the yeas and
nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered. .
The question was taken; and irwas decided in
the affirmative—yeas 85, nays 55; as follows:
YEAS —Messrs. Aiken, Albright, Ball, Barbour, Barks-
dale, Hendley S. Bennett, Billinghurst, Bishop, Bliss,
Bradshaw, Bianch, Brenton, Broom, James H. Campbell,
Clawson, Howell Cobb, Williamson It. W. Cobb, Craige,
Crawford, Cumback, Damiell, Day, Denver, Dick, Dunn,
Durfee, Emrie, Giddings, Goode, Gieenwood, Harlan,
Sampson W. Harris, Holloway, Valentine B. Horton,
Houston, George W. Jones, Kidwell, Knapp, Knight, Knox,
Kunkel, Lake, Leiter, Letcher, Lumpkin, Samuel S. Mar-
shall, McCarty, Killian Miller, Smith Miller, Millson,
Moore, Moriill, Nichols, Norton, Andievv Oliver, Penning-
ton, Pettit, Phelps, Purvianee, Qmtinan, Rieaud, Hitchie,
Bobbins, ltuftin, Sabin, Sapp, Savage, Sherman, Shelter,
Samuel A. Smith, William Smith, Stanton, Taj lor, Thurs-
ton, Todd, Tiafton, Underwood, vVade, Walbridge, v\ ar-
ner, Watson, V\Jmslow, Woodwoi th, Daniel B. Wnght, and
John V. Wright—85.
NAYS—Messrs. Bell, Benson, Bowie, Bnffinton, Lewis
D. Campbell, Chaffee, Ezra Clark, Colfax, Cotmns, Covode,
Hemy Wmtei Davis, Dean, Dodd, Edie, Eustis, Flagler,
Foster, Ilenrv M. Fuller, Gilbert, Gianger, J. Moriksou
Harris, Ilerbe'it, Thomas R. [Iorton, Hughston, Kclsey,
Knowlton, Mace, Alexander K.Marshall, Humphrey Mar-
shall, Matteson, Moaebam, Mott. Parker, Petton, Perry,
Tangle, Heady, Rivers. Sage, Sandidge, William R. Smith,
Spmner, Stranahari, Tappan, Tnppe, Valk, Wakeman,
Waldron, Walker, Cadwalader C. Washburne, Eil'Iiu B.
Washburne, Isiael Washburn, Welch, Wood, and Wood-
ruff—55.
So the bill was laid on the table.
Mr. DENVER. I move to reconsider the vote
just taken; and also move that the motion to re-
consider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
enrolled bills.
Mr. PIKE, from the Committee on Enrolled
Bills, reported as truly enrolled a bill of the fol-
lowing title: " An act for the relief of the wid-
ows and orphans of the officers, seamen, and
marines of the United States sloop of war Al-
bany, and for otherpurposes;" when the Speaker
signed the same,
FORTIFICATION BILL.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio. I move that the
rules be suspended, and the House resolve itself
into the Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union, for the purpose of taking up the for-
tification appropriation bill. It is a small bill,
and we may dispose of it ill a half hour. Before
the question is taken on the motion to go into
committee, I offer the usual resolution, that de-
bate bo closed on the bill in committee, within
five minutes after its consideration shall be again
resumed.
The resolution was agreed to.
The question was then taken on Mr. Camp-
bell's motion; and it was agreed to.
The House accordingly lesolved itself into the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union, (Mr. Corb, of Georgia, in the chair )
The CHAIRMAN stated that the question be-
fore the committee was a bill making appropria-
tions forfoitificationsand other works of defense,
and for repairs of barracks and quarters, for the
year ending the 30th of June, 1857.
The first reading of the bill was dispensed with;
and the Clerk proceeded to read it by paragraphs
for amendment.
Mr. BENSON. I offer the following amend-
ment:
For fortifications at tlie entrance of Kennebec river,
$100,000.
