1856.}
APPENBIX TO THE €ONGRES8K)NAL GLOBE.
833
34th Cong.... 1st Sess.
Suffrage in Washington—Mr. Walker.
Ho. op Reps.
us, that ia oae of the measures to which I allude;
and I believe that the chairman of the Judiciary
Committee is for the repeal of that law. If you
undertake to abolish slavery in the District of
Columbia and prohibit it in the Territories of the
United States by congressional legislation, and if
you undertake to declare the sites of the various
forts, arsenals, and dock-yards of the South free
territory—and I take it that the chairman of the
Judiciary Committee is also in favor of all these—
you will find that the South, if it has a particle of
ee!f-respect—and I know that it has—will be pre-
pared to resist any, and all, such measures.
But, sir, I hope that things will never come to
this issue that the cloud now hanging over us will
pass away, and peace be restored to our country.
The days of this party, sir, are numbered. I
think that I can see the handwriting upon the
wall, and I believe that numbers of gentlemen on
the other side have seen it, and fully understand
it. When the proposition was made by me early
in the session, that members should resign, and
go home, I heard more than one gentleman on
that side of the House say, that it would pot do,
because a very large number of them would never
get back again. [Laughter.] I regarded that as
a promising sign—a very promising sign for the
future; and I think the indications since make
assurance doubly sure, that those who rule this
House now will rule it but a little longer—that
after this Congress is over their race will be run.
I advise them to say their prayers in anticipation
of the political death which awaits them, and thus
prepare far the dread reality. [Laughter.]
SUFFRAGE IN WASHINGTON.
SPEECH OF HON. PERCY WALKER,
of alabama,
I* tb* House op HnRitnrTiTnu,
March 25,1856,
On die Bin regnlating Elections in Washington, in the
District of Columbia.
Mr. WALKER said:
Mr. Speaker: I have but few words to say in
reference to the amendment of my friend from
Kentucky, [Mr. H. Marshall.] In saying those
words I shall be actuated by no partisan feeling.
I shall cast imputations neither upon the com-
mittee, upon the Government, nor upon any of
its subordinates. I shall question the purity of no
man's motives, whether he stand as a friend or
as an opponent of the bill as it came to the House
from the hands of the committee.
I have listened to the discussion which has con-
sumed several hours of this day's session—I have
listened patiently and carefully, in the spirit of
one who sought to glean such instruction as should
wisely mold his conduct and action. I will say
this—and I say it with all possible respect—that
I have been utterly astounded at the manner in
which questions of right, strictly speaking, have
been confounded with mere questions of privilege.
The gentleman from South Carolina, [Mr. Kejtt ,]
who always speaks eloquently, was the only one
in the whole of this debate who, in my judgment,
even approached the distinction between citizen-
ship and what I call the right, or more properly
the privilege, of suffrage. The distinguished
gentleman from Illinois [Mr. Richardson] took
the ground that, by the organic law of the land,
the very moment a foreigner complied with the
requirements of our naturalization system he be-
came clothed with what the gentleman termed the
fall and complete rights and privileges of citizen-
ship, and to the very same extent as the native-
born citizen. Is this so ? What is the meaning
of the word citizenship f It has no relationship,
or kinship, with this thing of suffrage, so far at
least as the alien-born is concerned. The consti-
tutional meaning of the term citizenship, as applied
to him, is a mere protection of the person and
property. This thing of suffrage is not a right.
It belongs not to the catalogue of what may be
termed inherent and inalienable rights. It cannot
be classed under the head of the right set forth in
the Declaration of Independence as " the right to
life, liberty, and the pursuit of happiness." It is
a thing peculiarly ana solely of legislation. It is
the creature of legislation, whether State or Fed-
eral, and, being so, it becomes a mere question of
policy or expediency. It may at any moment be
enlarged or abridged; wad the action of the con-
trolling power must, as a matter of course, be
governed and modified by circumstances.
Now, it seems to me that the gentlemen who
gentleman from Kentucky, have entirely evaded
what struck me as being the forcible argument
used by my friend from Maryland, and it was this:
They seem to put out of view entirely, and per-
tinaciously to reject from consideration, a fact
which no man, reared under our form of Govern-
ment, can ever shut from his eyes; that is, that
these gentlemen attach no importance to what—
to give full expression to my own idea,—I will
call the educational force of our republican system
of Government. Look at this! Every man upon
this floor knows, and no man will dare question,
that there ~is a radical antagonism between the
basis, or the fundamental ideaof our Government,
and that of the Governments of the Old World.
There is a striking difference between the start-
ing points of the two different systems of gov-
ernment. In this country, we begin on a hypoth-
esis utterly at war with that which characterizes
the ancient forms of government, and which, j
under modified shapes, still forms the controlling
principle of every European Government. What
is this distinction ? The old idea was that the
individual was nothing—a mere infinitesimal frac- j
; tion of an overwhelming aggregate. With the
] ancients, the object in forming government, and j
| the end to be attained, was the perpetuation of
j the State or Empire as a State or Empire. The :
i individual was merged in the State; the Govern-
| ment was the end; to build up, sustain, and
i enlarge the State their object. The subject or
citizen had no rights as contradistinguished from
the State; If privileges were conferred upon the
citizen—if Government looked to his enlight- ;
enment—it was not from the recognition of his j
rights as a moral being; but that the power and
splendor of the State might thereby be enhanced.
The complete absorption of the individual citi- ;
zen, the monstrous egotism of the medieval and
later European conception of government, is re-
corded in the insolent exclamation of the haughty
monarch of France: " I am the State." 1
We start upon a wholly different idea. We
{the citizens) are " the State." With us the par- i
amount law is, solus populi, not solus cimtotis. \
The family is the point from which our govern- ,
mental organization originates, radiates, and is ;
formed. With us, government is merely the :
means, or agency. Our aim is the security and
protection of the individual citizen; security in 1
his person and property; protection in his. rights;
not only his rights as a citizen, but as a moral
heing. This is the great governmental idea which,
in my judgment, characterizes and distinguishes
our system from that of any other on the habit-
able globe.
_ This being 90, what follows as certainly as the
night follows the day? Why, that there can never
be such a thing as equality between the native-
bornand the alien citizen. To assert the contrary
wars against the convictions of every man's heart
—runs counter to the experience of all time, the
evidence of history, sacred and profane.
Contrast the position of the native-born, taught
from his earliest childhood to regard the basis of
our Government as the only sound and just one,
loving it from the first, reverencing and loving it
each day more and more as his mind expands.—
proud and exultant as he compares it with the
warped, the grinding, oppressive old mechanism
of Europe—loving, not only his Government, but
all its appliances, usages, and forms;—I say,
contrast his position, familiar with all our insti-
tutions fr,om youth up, taught by his parents to
revere and obey the sacred obligations of the
Constitution, to feel that it is almost treason to
question the wicdom of our governmental fabric,
glorying in it as the new birth of freedom, sup-
porting and obeying the laws, not because he
dreads their coercive power, but because they aire
the laws;—place him side by side with one of
another land and kindred, one born and reared
under an antagonistic system—a system rest-
ing upon a different predicate, worked out by dif-
ferent machinery—a system ignoring the right of
the subject to frame the laws by which he is to be
governed—a system in which there is no popular
administration, in which there is no such thing
as a popular interposition between the ruler and
the ruled, no popular will controlling legislation,
a system denying the great boon of individual
freedom, and under which the idea of freedom is a
vague, indistinct, and conjectural thing, which has
no form and substance, and, if it had, it would be
what, in this country, we would call rebellion;—
I say, bring such a man here, so born, so reared,
with that attachment so natural in the human
heart to the place of birth, to the legends which
won his earliest fancy, to the traditions which
moved his young heart and bind him to the home
of his fathers, to the associations which always
find their dwelling place in the lowest depths of
the human memory—bring this man, with these
unforgotten obligations, mournful and strong as
; mournful, and place him side by side with the
native-born American citizen, and tell me that
his probation of five years makes him a peer and
equal, and J say there is no truth in the assertion.
| Now, sir, where is the wrong in the amend-
ment proposed by the gentleman from Kentucky?
Gentlemen have talked here about invidious dia-
! tinotions. Hike to meet questions openly, frankly,
! and boldly, and I say—and I suppose, upon the
1 wide-spread and growing wings of our press,
whatever I may say, however humble I may be,
I will be borne forth, and fall upon the popular ear
i of the country—I say in my place here, that in
my judgment there are great distinctions between
■ the native-born and the foreign-born citizen.
Party subserviency, party bias, and party de-
mands may sometimes compel us even to stultify
ourselves; but when a man is called upon to meet
directly and firmly a great question of public pol-
icy, I for one am prepared to throw aside such
considerations, and say openly and frankly what
1 think and what I am prepared to do in such a
case. Now, sir, where is the wrong done, and
] where is the wrong to be apprehended by the
adoption of the amendment proposed by the gen-
tleman from Kentucky? The bill requires that
there shall be a residence of twelve months, a
payment of certain taxes mentioned in the first
section of the bill, and that the voter shall be a
citizen of the United States. Now, the gentle-
man from Kentucky proposes to insert certain
words after the word "snail," for the purpose
of delaying and postponing the endowment of
this mere privilege—because it is in no sense a
right—for the term of twelve months.
Now, sir, what has been the line of argument
of those who have assailed this amendment?
They say that it^s but an extension of tke period
of naturalization, the terms of which are pre-
scribed by our laws, to confer citizenship upon
foreigners. Admit this to be so, yet gentlemen
have argued this case as if citiaenBhip carried
with it, necessarily, this thing of a mere legisla-
tive privilege. The falsity of this position is so
apparent, that it needs no argument to expose it.
The only remaining question, therefore, to be
considered is, whether it is right and expedient
to make this distinction, if it be a distinction.
Now, sir, if there be anything which should make
us cautious in our legislation concerning this
matter of suffrage, it seems to roe that the more
we do—the more anxiously, teven painfully, we
1 seek to impress upon the native heart of the coun-
' try the great value of this privilege of suffrage,
the more completely do we discharge the public
trust reposed in our hands. The wide-world over,
whatever is cheap is little to be valued—that
which is easily won rarely commands the strife
of a noble soul; and it seems to me,, sir, that,
inasmuch as this great Government of ours
rests upon die popular will, we, as legislators,
are bound so to shape our acts, to enunciate our
opinions, as to give, if possible, additional value
to alL those things and characteristics pertaining
to. the person of the native-bora citizen.
Ta show the sense of the fathers, the founder#
of the Republic, in this matter, let me-advert to
.the fact that a man cannot vote, though born upon
the soil, until he lias attained his majority. Now,
why did they make that provision? Thousands
and tens of thousands in this land are perhaps
capable of judging as to who would make the best
officer long before thBy have arrived at the age of
