1856.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1843,
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. Is that a work
already commenced?
Mr. BENSON, It is a work the necessity for
which I can satisfy the gentleman in a few mo-
ments.
Mr. JONES. Is this an appropriation under
any existing law?
Mr. BENSON. It is for repairing the fortifi-
cation at the mouth of the Kennebec river, which
needs it. It is an existing work.
Mr. JONES. If it is a new work, I rise to a
question of order.
Mr. BENSON. It is an old work. I ask gen-
tlemen to allow me to call their attention for a few
minutes to the provisions of this bill. I wish to
appeal to no sectional feeling' of this House; but if
gentlemen will look at the bill, and see what
amounts are appropriated in it, they will fmd a few
facts which, it seems to me, must address them-
selves in favor of the amendment which I have of-
fered. I merely appeal to a sense of right so far as
my own State is concerned. By this hill, it will be
found, that there is recommended for fortifications
north of Mason and Dixon's line, §190,000; south
of that, lino upon the Atlantic coast, $833,000; and
upon the California coast, $550,000. Now, I do
not ask gentlemen to vote for the amendment
which 1 have offered for that reason alone;but if
the property of the whole country demands com-
mon protection, I think the provisions of this bill
will commend the amendment.
The Kennebec river runs through the heart and
center of the State of Maine. At the head of its
navigation is the capital of the State, and the
United States arsenal. Upon its banks are the
enterprising cities of Augusta, Hallowell, Gard-
iner, and Bath, besides many important and flour-
ishing towns and \illagcs, nearly all of them
largely engaged in ship-building. The Bath col-
lodion district was the sixth in tonnage in the
United States on the 30th of June, 1855, and the
second m the amount built the preceding year,
nearly one half of all the addition to tin: tonnage
of the United States for that year having been
built m the State of Maine. And 1 submit that
this great national interest, and the section of
country so largely concerned m it, is entitled to
such protection and defense as the Government
can legitimately alibid, and as this bill gives to
other portions of our common country. Such,
to some extent, will be the work proposed.
The entrance at the mouth of the Kennebec
is not far from one hundred rods wide, with ten
fathoms at low water, and admirably fitted for a
fortification to command the navigation of the
river. The harbor at the mouth of the river is
safe and capacious, accessible at all seasons of
the year for any class of vessels, and it is near a
mam channel of our fishermen to the British pos-
sessions and the line of commerce to Europe.
In time of war, if guarded by a suitable forti-
fication, it would be a refuge for our mercantile
marine, a protection against a blockading squad-
ron, and the fine shipyards upon tiie banks of
the river above could be safely occupied in con-
verting our merchant ships into naval vessels of
war. I hope, therefore, this amendment will not
be opposed, especially as, when the subject was
up in a similar fortification bill in the Senate, on
motion of one. of the Senatois from Maine, this
identical amendment was adopted unanimously
by the Senate. I hope the House will also adopt
it unanimously.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio. I would say to
the gentleman that no estimate has been submit-
ted by the Department to the House.
Mr. BENSON. Will the gentleman allow me
to say that, some time after the estimates were
submitted, a resolution was offered m the Senate,
calling upon the Secretai y of War for informa-
tion upon tins subject, and he communicated to
the Senate, in reply to that resolution, a recom-
mendation for this work.
Mr. CAMPBELL. If the gentleman from
Maine had been vigilant, and hud felt the great
national importance of the appropriation which is
proposed by his amendment, it strikes me that he
would have taken some steps to have presented,
in some authentic way, estimates from the proper
Department showing the necessity that exists
for it, and the amount which it would rcqune.
1 will say to the gentleman that the Committee
of Ways and Means have confined themselves to
the estimates from the Departments—the original
estimates, and since the bill was reported to the
House we have had additional estimates from the
War Departmentcalhngfor£l,07U,00U. The com-
mittee declined to report in favor of the allowance
of these estimates, with the exception of $200,000,
which has been deemed necessary for the repairs
of the various fortifications, including the fortifi-
cation of which the gentleman speaks; and if he
will allow us to progress with the consideration
of this bill, I will, as chairman of the Committee
of Ways and Means, report an amendment to
the bill which will give $200,000 for the repairs of
fortifications, and, of course, the gentleman'sfort
will come in.
Mr. BENSON. Docs that embrace the forti-
fication at the mouth of the Kennebec river?
Mr. CAMPBELL. It is for the contingent
expenses of fortifications not previously men-
tioned in the bill, (and the gentleman's is not,)
including lepairs of fortifications, barracks,
quarters, hospitals, sea-walls, and other sous of
repairs, $200,000, so that a portion of that
$200,000 will be applied under this estimate to
any repairs necessary to the fortifications at the
mouth of the Kennebec. And, Mr. Chairman,
I will say, that if wc open the door to these
amendments from different quarters, the result of
it will probably be the defeat of the bill; and I
think the gentleman from Maine would do well
to agree to take his proportion out of that general
appropriation of §200,000, and withdraw his
amendment. I hope he will withdraw it.
Mr. WASHBURXE, of Illinois. Did 1 un-
derstand the gentleman from Maine to say, that
the Secretary of War recommended that this
amount be appropriated ?
Mr. CAMPBELL. Not to this House—cer-
tainly not.
Mr. WASHBURNE. I want to know the
fact, whether the recommendation lias or has not
been made5 That is the question.
Mr. BENSON. I will state, Mr. Chairman,
that after the recoinmendai ion to winch the gen-
tleman from Ohio lias referred Max made, Mr.
Hamlik, one of the Senators from Maine, moved
the following resolution:
c< Resolved. That the Secretary of \V:u be diierted to in- j
foim the Senate it, in his opinion, tlx- tott at the mouth o( 1
Kennebec isver should lie pur in a -ute ol icpan, m ll lit*- j
ee^ary to iclmihl the same ; and, ii to, to turnuh an e.-li- |
mate thetefoi"— j
and that, m reply to that resolution, the Secre- I
tary of War made a communication, accompan-
ied with a report of General Totten, recommend-
ing this fortification.
"Mr. CAMPBELL. It is a very remarkable
circumstance, Mr. Chairman, that if it wore a
matter of so much consequence that this special
appropriation should be made, he has taken no
steps to bring the matter before the Committee
of Ways and Means. He has been here eight
months, guarding vigilantly, I have no doubt, the
interests of his constituents. And I put^ the
question to him: what right has the Committee
of Ways and Means to go to the Senate for the
purpose of inquiring what documents, an4 esti-
mates, and recommendations,were sent to them?
It strikes nie that the gentleman ought to have
piesentcd the matter to the Committee of Ways
and Means.
Mr. BENSON. My answer is this. I was
informed that the whole subject was before the
Committee of Ways and Means, and that they
would make the recommendation which I ask for.
Mr. CAMPBELL. Will the gentleman fur-
nish it now, for the information of the commit-
tee ?
[Llere the hammer fell.]
Mr. HOUSTON. I move to reduce the amend-
ment one half, with a view to get some informa-
tion. Does the gentleman from Maine state that
this is an existing fortification ?
Mr. BENSON. I will state that this is for a
fortification where there is an old fort, dilapidated
to a large extent, and to take the place of the old
one. It is either to repair the old, or to build a
new fortification, as the Secretary of War shall
deem best.
Mr. HOUSTON. It is very clear that, if the
amendment place it within the discretion of the
Secretary of War to build a new fort here, it is
not in order; and I would present that point of
order in connection with my amendment. And
I do it for this reason: the committee will
recollect that three Congresses back there existed
so much opposition to the system of fortifying
, our outposts, that an appropriaten bill for that
I purpose was defeated in the House of Repre-
sentatives, and no appropriation at all made.
This was in the Congress of 1850. This oppo-
sition grew up because of the fact that the system
had extended itself too far over the country. The
appropriations had become so large that, at the
first session of Congress in which 1 was con-
nected with the Committee of Ways and Means
it was with extreme difficulty we could get any
bill into the House at all, and had to cut down
the bill so as to make it really one for repairs and
impiovements. But they allowed us to make no
appropriation for the continuation of fortifications
xrhich, in our judgment, were really needed.
Since that time the sentiment of the country, and
of the House, has gradually approached a proper
point; and if we retain it there, we can carry on
a system of fortifying the country which will
mal.-o it invulnerable—such a system'as is needed.
But if we continue extending the system—if
we continue tacking on every proposition that
gentlemen see fit to bring in, connected with their
districts, which have not been submitted to the
committees of this body that are appointed to
scrutinize those estimates and points—we will
again reach such a point as that we will fail again,
and leave unfinished those fortifications which,
really need completion.
My point of order is certainly a good one, for
there is no authority for this appropriation. If
it contemplates a new fortification, then it is
clearly out of order as an amendment to this bill.
It is the business, then, of the Military Commit-
tee, to investigate and report; and after the forti-
fication has been authorized by law, it then be-
longs to the Committee of Ways and Means to
report the necessary appropriations for it in the
general fortification bill.
Aceoidingto my view, those gentlemen who
desire the system to be kept up oughtnot to resort
to this plan of introducing such amendments.
So far as I am concerned, I represent an interior
district, and have no foitification near me; but,
nevertheless, I believe that we ought to continue
the system as it has been carried on for the last
half dozen years. I did not care, when I was
connected with the Committee of Ways and
Means, nor did 1 look to see, whether the appro-
priation was for a point north or south of any
particular line. I voted for them, or against
them, according to a conscientious desire to dis-
charge my duty; and I never looked whether the
point was north or south of a particular line, to
see whether 1 should, or should not, vote for the
appropriation.
Mr. BENSON. If there is any objection to
the phraseology of the amendment it can be very
easily altered. Let it stand so as to provide for
the improvement of tlx; fort at the mouth of the
Kennebec river. I look at the substance,and not
at the foim. If there is a work there that ought
to be improved, 1 do not care what language is
used to provide for its improvement, if it is par-
liamentary language. If there is property there
winch ought to be protected by a national work,
I ask what officer is more competent to decide as
to the character of that national work than the
officer designated by the Secretary of War to
examine and report upon the fortifications of the
country ? And, sir, that officer has recommended
the appropriation which is covered by my amend-
ment; and the Secretary of War has recommended
if in a report which was sent to the Senate with
the communication of General Totten. A fort at
the mouth of the Kennebec river is admirably
calculated to protcct that entire river. It would
prevent the passing of any vessel beyond the point
ai which it is located. There is a lai«e amount
of property, national, State, and individual, upon
that river, which would be valuable to the enemy
in time of war. There are cities and villages upon
the river, and a thickly-settled and flourishing
country through which it passes. The capital of
the State and the United States arsenal are there,
and I protest against making any sectional ap-
peals or appropriations upon sectional grounds.
Mr. HOUSTON. Why did you do it then ?
Mr. BENSON. I did not do it. 1 merely called
the attention of gentlemen on the other side of the
House to the fact, and appealed to their sense of
justice to defend all sections of the Union. I
