1656.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
840
Mr. DUNN. The point is what I there an-
nounced as the reason that I neither could nor
would any longer continue my support of Mr.
Banks, until he should bo fairly and honestly-
nominated ; and if he pleases, also state what gave
rise to my remarks.
Mr. G1DDINGS. My friend will pardon me.
' I have no doubt that he did express the reasons of
his course, but I am unable now to repeat them.
If he did give thgm at that time, I do not recollect
them. Probably, if he would repeat them now, I
can bear testimony to what he said.
Mr. DUNN. I shall not now repeat them; and
as the gentleman from Ohio only remembers a
part of what took place in what he calls a cau-
cus, and does not remember anything that took
place m what he calls an informal meeting, I will
still—against what I believe to be my right, witli
a view of preserving some degree of harmony
among the anti-Nebraska men—bear the injustice
and misconstruction which gentlemen are so
anxious to fasten on me on this occasion. I will
" bide my time;" and I shall have a vindication
which will at least deliver me from all blame,
though it may blister others. But let that blis-
ter come; it will be no fault of mine. It is, per-
haps, unfortunate for the gentleman from Ohio
that his memory has failed him as to some mat-
ters. If it had not, he coulcl scarcely have deemed
his interruption necessary.
Mr. GIDDINGS. Does my friend from Indi-
ana intend to impute to me unkindness ?
Mr. DUNN. I wish only to say to the gen-
tleman from Ohio, as he has stated., that I came
to the caucus, as he calls it, in pursuance of a
call signed by myself and some others, on the
occasion of the " informal meeting" of which he
speaks—a call which some other gentlemen re-
fused to sign. But instead of finding a full meet-
ing I found but a partial meeting; and the gentle-
men who were there 1 found to bo simply pre-
pared—as seemed necessary in the predicament
of men who could not help themselves—to regis-
ter the edict of those who stayed away. There
was no liberty of choice given there; their po-
sition was ridiculous. I was unwilling to sub-
mit as a slave to any such thing; and, sir, I never
will. But I have said enough on this point here-
tofore, and will not repeat it. I am not here to
give reasons for my course, but simply to repeat
that no one here has any right to call my vote in
question.
Mr. SHERMAN. I would state that I did
not attend the meeting spoken of; but if the gen-
tleman [Mr. Ddnn] thinks that even now he can
give me any reason why, as an honorable man,
I should withdraw my vote from Mr. Banks, I
would like to know it, and I now desire that lie
shall give it. Imputations have been thrown out
on this floor long enough. And 1 now say that,
if a charge can be proved against the candidate
for whom I am voting which can reflcct any dis-
honor upon him, 1 shall abandon him. But if
the imputations thrown out against my candidate
[Mr. Banks] cannot be sustained by if direct
charge, then they will only bind me to him with
cords of steel, and I will never abandon him. So
I would, in all kindness and in all courtesy, ask
the gentleman from Indiana, for whom I have
high respect, to let us have these charges and
these proofs. [Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. DUNN resumed the floor, but was re-
minded by the Clerk that his time had expired.
[Cries of " Let him go on !"]
The CLERK. If there be no objection, the
gentleman from Indiana will proceed.
Mr. MEACHAM. I object.
Mr. ORR. I move that the gentleman from
Indiana be at liberty to proceed.
The CLERK. That motion is not in order.
It will be recollected that the terms of the reso-
lution limiting debate are positive; that when ,
objection is made at the termination of the ten |
minutes, the member who has the floor must cease [
speaking.
Mr. CLINGMAN. X move that the House
give the gentleman from Indiana leave to pro-
ceed.
Mr. DUNN. I will not ask that favor.
Mr. "WHEELER. Has the gentleman's time
expired, Mr. Clerk'
The CLERK. It has.
Mr. WHEELER. And have I the floor.'
The CLERK. The gentleman from New York
[Mr. Wheeler] has the floor.
Mr. WHEELER. Then I yield my right to
the floor to the gentleman from Indiana.
A Member. You cannot do that without the
consent of the House.
Mr. DUNN. My colleague [Mr. Comback]
has required that I should renew the call for the
previous question. I wish, in doing so, simply
to say that I have no charges to make, it is ray
necessity and my privilege to defend; and if that
defense should hurt others, let them look to the
cause of it. I invade no man's territory, but if
any man comes upon mine 
- The CLERK. The Clerk must remind the
gentleman from Indiana that he is not entitled to
the floor.
Mr. DUNN. But one word. When any one
thrusts himself upon my threshold, I shall treat
him with such hospitality as his intrusion de-
serves.
Mr. MEACHAM, (interrupting.) I made an
objection the other dav to a gentleman proceeding
beyond the ordinary limit of the rule. It was to
a gentleman on the other side of the House; and
I now feel bound, in honor, to do to our own side
of the House what I would do to the other. If
the gentleman from Indiana has any charge to
make against Mr. Banks, and has any proofs to
bring in support of it, I will withdraw my objec-
tion in order to allow him to present them.
Mr. DUNN. I have already stated that I
shall make no charges.
Mr. MEACHAM. Very well; then I insist
that the gentleman has no right to the floor.
Mr. TAPPAN. If the gentleman from Indi-
ana will allow me, I will sav this: I happened
accidentally to be present at the gathering ill the
committee-room to which reference has been made,
and I heard the gentleman [Mr. Dunn] stat'1 that
he could vote for Mr. Banks no longer; but I do not
recoliect that he gave any reason at all. I tlunk
that this matter should not rest any longer on
innuendo. I think that if the gentleman has any
charges to make, or any reasons to allege for
abandoning Mr. Banks, he should state them
now. I, for one, do not recollect his giving them
at that time.
Mr. DUNN. 1 am aware that memories of
gentlemen sometimes fail them. It is sometimes
convenient to forget. I have seen one or two
instances of it here. But the failure of any man's
memory does not change my judgment as "to what
I ought to do in the existing stale of the case,
nor will it change the course which I mean to
pursue.
Mr. MEACHAM. I rise to a question of
order. The gentleman from Indiana was per-
mitted to proceed with his remarks upon the
understanding that he was to make his charges,
and make them good, against the gentleman from
Massachusetts, and only upon that understand-
ing.
Mr. CLINGMAN". It is too late now to raise
that point of order.
Mr. MEACHAM. No, sir, it is not too late.
I insist that the gentleman from Indiana shall be
confined to charges against the gentleman from |
Massachusetts. j
Mr. DUNN. No, sir; I said that I had no [
charges to make against the gentleman from
Massachusetts to the House, and that I would
make none. I shall take my own time and my
own way about this matter. 1 want now to allude '
to a statement made by the gentleman from New
York, [Mr. Sagf.,] as illustrating this shortness >
of memory to which men are liable. He coolly !
told us a moment ago that he had cheerfully voted '
for Mr. Campbell until the name of that gentle-;
man was withdrawn. Now, sir, the record shows :
that, for the first eleven voles, the gentleman from
New York voted steadily for Mr. Banks, while
Mr. Banks himself was all that time amusing
himself, and pressing the public interest to con-
clusions, by throwing oft' on Mr. Wheeler.
There was no such urgent necessity then for the !
immediate organization of the House. i
Mr. SAGE^ The gentleman will do me the
justice to allow me to say that the record will
show  ;
Mr. DUNN. I will state the gentleman cor-']
rectly, for I am stating from the record. I have !
it in my hand. i
Mr. SAGE. I will tell the gentleman how it 1
was. I voted for Mr. Banks at the commence-
ment, until I found that there was a movement
made up on the part of the anti-Nebraska men to
concentrate upon Mr. Campbell. I then voted,
for that gentleman until his name was withdrawn.
I then voted for Mr. Pennington.
And now let me say one thing more in reference
to that caucus. I myself went to the gentleman
from Indiana, [Mr. Dunn,] informed Kim that a
caucus of our friends was to be held, and asked
him if he would attend it. He replied that he
would, if the weather would permit—it being a
stormy day, and his health not being good. Ha
said the only objection he had to acting with those
of us who were supporting Mr. Banks was, that
his candidacy was not the result of a caucus nom-
ination; but that, if a full and fair caucus was held,
he should be found acting with the majority.
Well, sir, the caucus was held, and the gentle-
man from Indiana was present, as has been stated
at the commencement. He then made a speech,
stating, as I recollect, that the whole anti-Ne-
braska strength in the House was one hundred
and twenty-throe members, and thatif they would
all unite in caucus and make a nomination, he
would be bound by it, but not otherwise. The
gentleman will correct me if I am wrong.
Mr. DUNN. Take your own course.
Mr. SAGE. I think there were some eighty
members present. If I mistake not, the ballot
taken that evening shows that about seventy
members voted.
Mr. DUNN rose.
Mr. SAGE. The gentleman from Indiana.
[Laughter.]
Mr. DUNN. The gentleman may have stated
his understanding of the facts, but there is a tri-
fling difference between liis understanding of the
facts and the facts themselves. Now, sir, I shall
j go a little further into the matter, and show the
gentleman's want of accuracy of recollection
upon a very important point. I believe there
had been several efforts made to get up an anti-
Nebraska caucus at what was known as the
Republican rooms, before the one to which the
gentleman from New York has made allusion.
This was on the Friday and Saturday before
Congress met. I believe it is known that the
gentleman from Massachusetts, [Mr. Banks,!
and some of his friends, could not be persuaded
to take any part in the proceedings, with a view
of making a nomination; and after that time,
the gentleman from New York [Mr. Sage] was
steadily casting his vote for Mr. Banks, of Mas-
sachusetts. Tie: delegation from Massachusetts
also, and several other gentlemen from different
States, continued to cast their votes for him,
keeping up his vote all the time to about twenty-
two or twenty-three.
But the gentleman says that, at a certain time
he digressed from the course he had been pur-
suing, and continued to \ote for Mr. Campbell.
until his name was withdrawn. Now, in refer-
ence to this matter, I think the exact truth should
bo told, as the gentleman's memory is again at
fault. There are some coincidences that may be
considered ss rather striking. Extracts were
read here the other day from a letter purporting
•to have been written by the senior member from
Ohio [Mr. Giddings] upon this floor, in which
it was said that, at a certain time, it was deter-
mined to give the gentleman from Ohio [Mr.
Campbell] a handsome vote, by way of placing
limi in a good position to retire from. I do not
pretend to give bis language, but that was the
substance. I have some recollection—and there
are other gentlemen here who have the same rec-
ollection—of hearing that same tiling whispered
round these desks at a particular time; and, if the
record be examined, it will be found that the gen-
tleman irom INew York, and some others, were
just about that time taken with a digressive spirit
in favor of Mi. Cami'jjell. [Laughter.] Several
genth men from Massachusetts, who had been,
with the gentleman from New York, steadily
voting for Air. Basks up to that time, and others
from oilier States who had also been voting for
Mr. Banks, also took occasion to digress at cxaclhj
that tunc: a complimentary digression, the gentle-
man fiom Ohio [Mr. Ginraxus] would call r.
Well, it so happened that Mr. Campbell stood
fire a little better than it was intended he should;
and when it was ascertained that lie did not with-
draw as was expected, these gentlemen all, or
