970
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 18,
Commissioner on the ground that the stab was
received at a fandango, and not in the line of
duty. Itappears, however, that this is an error. A
certificate from his commanding officer sets this
matter right. He certifies that Powers was em-
ployed by him as company clerk, and had been
engaged m writing all day, confined to his quar-
ters; that, by his (the captain's) permission, he
started to walk from one camp of the army to
another, for the purpose of taking air and exer-
cise, and was stabbed between the two camps.
Powers swears that he was accosted and attacked
by a party of Mexicans, who inflictcd the stab.
To this fact there is no evidence but his own; but
it is strongly corroborated by the preceding and
subsequent facts.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, and ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading. It was read the third time and
passed.
TIMOTHY CAVAN.
The next bill on the Calendar was (S. No. 216)
one introduced by Mr. Seward for the relief of
Timothy Cavan, which had been reported on
adversely by the Committee on Pensions.
Cavan alleges a disability incurred from injuries
received while in the service of the United States
during the last war with Great Britain, for which
he was placed on the roll of invalid pensioners,
by special act of Congress in the year 1849, at
the highest rate allowed to persons of his grade.
He now asks Congress to pass an act granting
him back pension, or pension from the date of his
disability to thu time when he was placed on the
pension roll. As the petitioner failed for fourteen
years to establish his right to pension, under the
general statutes, to the satisfaction of the bureau,
as he was pensioned by act of Congress in 1849,
when his case was fully investigated by the com-
mittee and a bill reported, doing him what they
then and now conceive to be ample justice, and
as the claim for back pension is opposed to the
express provisions of the statutes relating to pen-
sions, and to the uniform action of the committee,
they recommond that Ins prayer be denied.
Mr. PUGH. In accordance with the adverse
report of the committee, I move that the bill be
postponed indefinitely.
The motion was agreed to*
Mr. ADAMS. As we have gone entirely
through the Private Calendar, I move that the
Senate adjourn.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate
adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Friday, Jlpril 18, 1856.
The House met at twelve o'clock, m. Prayer
by Rev. Henry C. Dean, Chaplain to the Senate.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
VISIT TO WAR STEAMER MERRIMAC.
Mr. HAVEN. I have had placed in my hands,
by the chairman of the Committee on Naval Af-
fairs—he being, I understand, not well to-day-
some papers which may be presented as matter
of privilege. It is an invitation from the Secre-
tary of the Navy to the members of that com-
mittee, and also to the members of the House, to
visit Annapolis to-morrow, for the purpose of
seeing the war steamer Mernmac. I send to the
Clcrk'sdesk two letters, communicating the facts,
to be read.
The letters were read, as follows:
Navy Department, Jlpril 16, 1856.?
Sir : The United States steam-frigate Merrimac, Cap-
tain Pendcrgrast, has been ordered to toach at Annapolw.
It occurred to the Department that it would not only be of
advantage to the students at the Naval Academy, but grat-
ifying to the Naval Committee, to examine a powerful man
ot war, illustrating the skill of our mechanics, th« great
improvement m naval ordnance, and the complete efficiency
of afngate leady foi action. I bhaii be gratified to meet
the members of the Naval Committee, and the members of
Congress, and their friends, on board the Merrimac, on
Saturday next. It will afford also an opportunity for vis-
iting our excellent Naval Academy. There will be a small
steamer ready to convey gentlemen to the Mernmac from
Annapolis.
I would thank you to make this known to your col-
leagues on the committee.
Tarn, very respectlully, your obedient servant,
J. C. DOBBIN.
Hon. Samuel P. Behsok, Chairman of the Committee en
tfaval tdffairs, House of Representatives,
Dear Sir : Your note of inquiry is just received. Of
course, my dear sir, it is expected, and, no doubt, generally
hoped, that tho ladies will avail themselves of the oppor-
tunity of viMting the blup.
1 should jejoice, indeed, if the Senators and members
generally could visit her. Tnat was my wish ; and 1 hope,
if any enor exists, you will have it corrected.
I thought it my duty to write to the chairmen of the
Naval Committees, and desired them and their colleagues
to inform their fuends, members, and othcis.
There is nothing exclusive. The notice mthe papers in-
dicated otherwise. The President and myself expect to
leave in the afternoon to-morrow, and make the visit on
Saturday. We will wait on Saturday for the arrival in An-
napolis of the morning train from Washington, before we go
to the ship.
Saturday, I think, is the preferable day for the visit.
In much haste, yours truly, J. C. DOBBIN.
Hon. Mr. Benson.
Mr. HAVEN. I have no resolution to offer
in regard to this matter. Gentlemen who desire
to go know they will be welcome.
On motion of Mr. GIDDINGS, the communi-
cations were ordered to lie on tl^e table, and be
printed.
STATUTES OF OREGON TERRITORY.
The SPEAKER laid before the House dupli-
cate copies of the statutes of the Legislature of
Oregon; which were referred to the Committee
on Territories.
ADJOURNMENT OVER.
Mr. WASKBURNE, of Illinois. I move that
when the House adjourns to-day it adjourn to
meet on Monday next.
Mr. H. MARSHALL. On that I call for the
yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
The question was taken; and the motion was
agreed to.
MESSAGE FROM THE SENATE.
A message was received from the Senate, by
Asbury Dickiks, their Secretary, notifying the
House that that body had passed hills of the fol-
lowing titles:
An act to change the times of holding the
United States courts in the southern district of
Illinois; and
An act to repeal part of an act entitled " An act
to provide for the safe-keeping of the acts, rec-
ords, and seal of the United States, and for other
purposes."
NEBRASKA CONTESTED ELECTION.
Mr. WATSON, from the Committee of Elec-
tions, made a report m the case of Hiram P.
Bennett, a contestant for the seat now occupied
by Bird B. Chapman, the sitting Delegate from
the Territory of Nebraska, sustaining the claims
of the contestant to the scat, and adverse to the
claims of the sitting Delegate, accompanied by
testimony. The consideration of said report
was postponed until Wednesday next, and, with
the accompanying testimony, was ordered to be
printed.
COURT OF CLAIMS'REPORTS.
The SPEAKER stated the business regularly
before the House to be the reports from the Court
of Claims, upon which the gentleman from Ala-
bama [Mr. Walker] was entitled to the floor.
Mr. CARUTHERS. I ask the unanimous
consent of the House to present some bills, of
which previous notice has been given. I expect
to be absent from the city for two weeks; and I
merely wish to introduce these bills, and have
them referred before I leave.
Mr. WALKER. I dislike not to accommo-
date my friend from Missouri; but I have had
other applications to yield the floor for the intro-
duction of bills; and if I yield to him, as a matter
of courtesy, the same courtesy will require me to
yield to other gentlemen.
Mr. CARUTHERS. I hope the gentleman
will yield to me for that purpose.
Mr. WALKER. Mr. Speaker, I have twice,
since I obtained the right to the floor, waived
that right m obedience to the desire of the House,
in order that we might direct ourselves to the
consideration of other matters; and I think now
that I should proceed with the brief argument
which I wish to address to the House upon the
subject of the Court of Claims.
Mr. QUITMAN. I ask the gentleman to
yield for a moment to enable me to have a reso-
lution read which I propose to offer upon the
subject upon which he proposes to speak.
Mr. WALKER. The gentleman can have an
opportunity when I have finished.
Mr. QUITMAN. I desire to submit the
resolution, that the gentleman may consider it in
connection with t^,e subjects on which he pro-
poses to speak.
Mr. WALKER. I yield to the gentleman.
The following resolution was then read:
Resolved, That an additional standing committee shall be
appointed, to be denominated the Committee on Adjudica-
ted Claims, whose duty it shall be to lake into consideration
and report upon ail adjudications and decisions of the Court
of Claims which may be presented to this House.
Mr. WALKER. Our action in disposing of
these reports from the Court ofClaims, should,it
seems to me, be governed by considerations that
have not yet been presented by those who have
heretofore participated in this discussion. These
considerations I will endeavor to submit; and
unless I attach undue importance to them, they
cannot but go far to persuade this House that
the motion to refer these reports to the Committee
of Claims ought not to prevail.
In the first place, I propose to look at the rea-
sons leading to the enactment of this law. They
were manifold. From the foundation of tho
Government, Congress had been besieged by pri-
vate claimants. The interpretation put upon the
old judiciary act of 1789, that the United States
could not be made defendant in any suit, and the
failure of Congress to form a tribunal that could
take cognizance of a particular class of cases, left
to persons who deemed that they had just claims
against the Government no other means of re-
dress than that of petitioning Congress. There
were meritorious claims, some of them falling
within, and some outside of, particular statutes,
for which satisfaction could not be obtained, save
by an appeal to the mstice or generosity of the
Government.
With the lapse of time, the applications multi-
plied so rapidly that the two Houses of Congress
felt themselves called on so to shape their rules as
to allot certain days for the consideration of pri-
vate claims. The committees of the two Houses
found it impossible to carefully and thoroughly
investigate and examine them. Long and op-
pressive delays ensued in the disposition of many
of them. The parties who were interested grew
old, and died sick and weary at heart, disap-
pointed in their hopes, broken in their fortunes,
and even painfully distrustful of the integrity and
magnanimity of the Government.
Others, in the hope of expediting the settlement of
their claims, employed agents and counsel to elec-
tioneer with members, relying more upon their
yielding to personal solicitations than to the sug-
gestions of high public duty. Then followed, as
a necessary consequence, the fabrication of claims
founded m fraud, and to be pushed through by
the most unscrupulous means. The annual flock-
ing here of hordes of claim agents, then* constant
and pertinacious intercession with members for
the success of this or that claim, ended, as it could
not otherwise have done, in creating suspicions
against the integrity and fairness of members
themselves. Imputations were cast upon them,
and the scrupulous legislator, nice of his personal
honor, grew restive under them. Even if no im-
putations had been made, the members were con-
stantly subjected to annoyance by the applicants
themselves or their agents.
In addition to all these influences, the conviction
on the minds of many members that gross in-
justice and irreparable wrong had been inflicted
m many cases, by the delay and failure of Con-
gress to acton them, forced them to devise some
plan by which the evil would be greatly dimin-
ished, or wholly avoided in the future. A ma-
jority of both Houses became satisfied that some
other instrumentality for the investigation and
settlement of claims should be resorted to. It
was known that fraudulent claims had been so
adroitly presented, as to pass through and re-
ceive the sanction of the most careful committees,
and that in some cases the same claim had been
twice paid. Besides this, the ex parte mode of
investigation adopted by your committees was
felt to be neither just nor equitable, nor calculated
to elicit truth. These considerations induced tho
last Congress to pass a bill to establish the Court
of Claims.
The question now comes up, what is the char-
acter and power of this new tribunal, and how
