1856.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
335
34th Cong....1st Sess.
Our Relations with England—Mr. Brown.
Senate.
Again:
"It was understood to apply to, and does include, all the
Ceatrai American States of Guatemala, Honduras, San
Salvador, Nicaragua, and Costa Rica, with their just limits
and proper dependencies."
These notes were exchanged immediately pre-
ceding the exchange of ratifications, and of course
after the treaty had been ratified by the Senate.
11 is therefore clear that it was understood, on both
sides by the contracting parties at the time when
the ratifications of the treaty were exchanged, that '
the State of Honduras, as contradistinguished
from the settlement known as British Honduras,
•was covered by the treaty. It was understood
that the whole of Central Amcrica, no matter by
what name it was known, was covered by the trea-
ty, and that both parties obliged themselves not
to occupy and not to exercise dominion over any
part of it. The British Government undertook
and maintained for a long time, or endeavored to
maintain, that she had the right, notwithstanding
these plain and stubborn facts, notwithstanding
the plain and explicit language of the treaty, to
occupy certain portions of the country which she
herself admitted to be within the limits of Central
America. This was her first claim, but being
driven from this position, she subsequently as-
sumed a different ground. On the luth of Jan-
uary, 1854, Mr. Buchanan informs Secretary
Marcy that he had had a conversation with Lord
Clarendon in reference to the points of difference
between the two Governments. After discussing
a great number of questions, Mr. Buchanan says:
" After this we had a discursive and rambling conversa-
tion, embracing the Roatan and Belize questions, the Clay-
ten and Bulwer treaty, and several other matters which I
do not propose to detail. In the course of it he stated,
distinctly, thai this treaty m>, t  their opinion, entirely
prospective tn its operation, and did not require tkem to
abandon any of their possessions in Central wimerica."
Here, for the first time, the ground is taken
that the treaty is prospective in its operation. The
first ground, as I understand, is virtually aban-
doned, viz: that particular portions of territory
are not covered by the general name of Central
America; but now, admitting those parts which
the British occupy to be a portion of Central
America, it is contended that the terms of the
treaty are "prospective in their operation," and
do not require them to abandon those parts which
they then occupied.
Now, sir, to the plain, common-sense under-
standing of most men in private life, this would
look very much like an attempt at fraud. Let me
suppose, Mr. President, that you find I have a
controversy as to the occupancy of a house which
has five apartments, 1 being in the actual occu-
pancy of one of them; and we sign a written
agreement that, from a particular date, neither of
us will occupy that house or exercise authority
over it. If 1 afterwards assert that I meant by
this simply to be left in the possession of the
fifth apartment, and that the first, second, third,
and fourth were not included, in what position
would I stand? If I assumed such ground as
that, and went before any intelligent jury in
Christendom, and escaped with a very small por- J
- tion of a reputation for honesty, I should esteem j
myself singularly fortunate. Such a construction j
of such a contract would be so palpably an in-
fraction of common sense, that honest men every- j
where would declare that I was willfully attempt-
ing to evade and to violate the agreement Here,
Great Britain admits that she did oblige herself
not to occupy, or colonize, or exercise domin-
ion over Nicaragua, Costa Rica, Honduras,
or any part of Central America; that is, she
agreed that she would not occupy the first, second,
third, or fourth apartment, <^r any other apart-
ment in the house; and if she means to execute
her contract in good faith, she must do precisely
what an honest man would do under like circum-
stances—not only refuse to occupy the apartments
which were vacant before she made the contract,
but vacate the one she then occupied. If the
treaty found her in possession of any part of
Central America, she is obliged to abandon it.
Her stipulation is, that she will not occupy or
exercise dominion over any part of Central
America. She cannot remain, then, without vio-
lating the contract. She cannot remain there
without occupying the country. She cannot
maintain her position without exercising domin-
ion. She must quit the country or violate the
treaty.
Suppose, Mr. President, that it shall turn out,
in the ftiture examination of this question, that
the British negotiator was informed that the words
"not to occupy" in the treaty meant "not to
take or keep possession "of the country; suppose
it shall turn out, in .the course of the investiga-
tion, that the American negotiator told Sir Henry
Bulwer that when we said," You shall notoccupy
the country," we meant " You shall not take or
keep possession of the country;" suppose this
/act is not only known to Sir Henry Bulwer, but
to-day, and at all times heretofore, has been known
to Lord Clarendon and the whole British Govern-
ment. 1 am not going to assert that it is so; but
I am going to assert that I believe it is so, and I
do not make that declaration lightly. I have what
I conceive to be good evidence; I do not speak by
the authority of the American Secretary, [Mr.
Clayton,] but I have what I conceive to be good
authority for saying to the Senate and to my coun-
trymen that the British negotiator was informed
that we used the words " not to occupy " as synon-
ymous with the expression " not to take or keep
possession of the country." This being so, with
what sort of propriety—with what sort of plau-
sibility does Lord Clarendon take the ground that
the treaty is simply prospective in its operation ?
If he was forewarned that he was not to take and
not to keep possession of the country, he was fore-
warned that the treaty was not to be prospective,
but that it was to be present and instantaneous in
its operation.
This branch of the subject has been so elabo-
rately debated in the Senate that I do not feel dis-
posed to pursue it at greater length. The light
which the distinguished Senator from Delaware
[Mr. Clayton] always throws on every subject
which he touches has been thrown over this ques-
tion. He negotiated the treaty, and must be pre-
sumed to understand what was meant by it better
than any one else. He has given us the benefit
of his experience and advice on this subject. His
age, experience, and political advantages entitle
his opinions to great weight; and we all know
that he utterly repudiates the British construction
of the treaty.
Old Senators, who were here and took part in
the ratification of the treaty, have given us the
benefits of their opinions as to what was meant
by it. The distinguished Senator from Vermont,
[Mr. Collameb.,] then a member of the Cabinet
which advised the making and ratification of this
treaty, has given us his opinion as to what was
meant by it. Nowhere in our country has a
single voice been raised to express a doubt as to
the rightfulness of our construction of the treaty.
Whatever may be thought of it in England, in
this country there is but one opinion; whatever
may be thought of it among diplomatists, the
honest, fair-minded, common-sensed yeomanry
of the country will have but one opinion—and
that will be, that, when Great Britain agreed not
to occupy or exercise dominion over the country,
she meant, if there, to go away, and, if not there,
to stay away.
I do not like the temper or the spirit in which
this negotiation has been conducted on the British
side. There seems to me to have been one of
two things; either a gross and inexcusable mis-
understanding of the facts, or a light and trivial
and almost contemptuous treatmentof those facts.
The impression left on my mind is, that Great
Britain, having planted her foot in Central Amer-
ica, is determined, treaty or no treaty, not to
withdraw it—to pursue the same policy there
which has marked her course in all ages and in
all parts of the world. It is the boast of her states-
men that she never abandoned a foothold. I
should be as reluctant as any other citizen to see
this country involved in a war with any country,
and more especially with England; but if she
take this position with us, I am free to say, for
one, that I would meet her on the ocean and on
the land, and stand to her, man to man, until the
question of her right thus to disregard her treaty
obligation with us is settled. I say, I fear—I do
not charge—that this is the disposition of the
British Cabinet.
I am not, Mr. President, in the habit of pay-
ing much attention to what newspapers in. this
country, or in any other, may say of public men or
Fublic measures, further than as they state facts.
hold in my hand, however, a British paper,
containing a paragraph of such extraordinary
character, that I feel disposed to lay it before the
Senate; and those who shall think proper to read
the remarks which I am now submitting—not as
containing the sentiment of the British Cabinet,
for that I do not charge—not as containing the
sentiments of the British people, for that I do not
know—but as certainly containing the sentiments
of the editor of a widely-circulated British jour-
nal, and as reflecting, it may be fairly presumed,
the sentiments of his readers, whom, we are in-
formed, are very numerous.
Mr. CASS. What paper is it?
Mr. BROWN. The London Telegraph.
Mr. CASS. It has the largest circulation of
any paper in England, it is said.
| Mr. BROWN. My friend from Michigan says
it has the heaviest circulation of any paper in
1 England. I call the attention of southern Sena-
; tors to this article:
" We are afraid there is but one way to settle this dis-
1 pute, and that is, at the point of the bayonet. The aggres-
sive spirit of the people of the United States requires an
humbling, and it is for us to perform the task. England's
mission is to complete the great work commenced by her
in 1834, when slie liberated her slaves. There are now over
three million human beings held in cruel bondage in the
United States; fellow-creatures, who are prepared to go
through lire and water, even to the very gates of death it-
self, to escape their republican task-masters; mothers who
destroy their children to save them from bondage ; fathers
who would risk the funeral pyre, like the martyrs of old,
"to save their little ones from the ruffian planter's lash!
And in that republican country men are burned in the pub-
lic streets; children torn from their mother's bosoms, and
sold to vice and bondage ; and women with white skins
even lashed to death, or compelled to submit to the licen-
tious behest of a brutal owner'. There the laws of God and
of civilized man are despised, and fellow-beings are bound
as brutes and sold as chattels. If, therefore, the United
States Government deny, and is resolved to question, the
right of Great Britain to her Central American possessions,
we, the people of the British Empire, are resolved to strike
off the shackles from the feet of her three million slaves.
And there are those amongst us who will sanctify such a
glorious cause; the people of England will deny themselves
every luxury to assist their country in a contest more sacred
and more glorious than ever formed the watchword of the
Crusaders of old, when combating the infidel hosts of aSal-
adin. If we have not a Richard Cceur de Lion, we have
one name which will carry liberty to millions, and the
emancipation, by 'force of arms,' of the slaves of the
American States will he connected to the end of all time
with that rallying word of freedom—Victoria."
■ Mr. BUTLER. Will my friend from Missis-
sippi allow me to interrupt nim for a moment?
Mr. BROWN. Certainly.
Mr. BUTLER. I feel that it is an act of justice,
in connection with the extract which my friend
has read from the British print, atrocious as it
is—and the very recital of its falsehoods makes
my blood boil — to say that I have seen, in a
newspaper of the United States, having, it is
said, a more extensive circulation than any other,
a statement scarcely less atrocious than the one
which he has read from the English newspaper.
I know of no part of the United States which
would join more heartily in maintaining the honor
' of the common Confederacy than the southern
States; but, at the very time when war is threat-
ened, I read, in a newspaper sent to me the
other day—sent to me, perhaps, because it was
feared that otherwise I would not read it—a
i statement that a war with Great Britain would
| have other results than those which have been
contemplated in the maintenance of treaties; and
that one result would be that the Virginia capes,
the Carolina shores, and all the southern coast
would be open to the enemy's ships; that there
could not fee found ten thousand fighting men
among the effeminate owners of slaves; but tha*
fifty thousand well-armed, trained, and disciplined
soldiers could be brought together in a short time
to put down their masters, and thus effect the
liberation of this class of people.
Now, sir, atrocious as is the sentiment of the
paper from which my friend from Mississippi
has read, I would not put in comparison with it
one who claims the name of brother. I can meet
an open enemy; but in the case of one who claims
the relation of brother, and utters such senti-
ments, I would rather see him burnt in a bonfire
of his own papers than undertake to countenance
him. I have no doubt that the English paper,
in some measure, got its information from the
