1856.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1845
they arc in favor of appropriations for their own
States, but never for the West. Let him look to the
record and see if that be true. Let him see whether,
in point of fact, it is true, or not, that during the
present session of Congress, or during former
sessions, whenever appropriation bills for inter-
nal improvements were before the House, he has
found eastern men actuated by those narrow and
sectional views which the gentlemsn has referred
to to-day? — whether he has found them asking
if those appropriations were for the East? The
East did not need such appropriations; they did
not require them; but the country did need them,
and the East is a part of the country. They have
always voted for appropriations for the advantage
of the commerce of Ohio, and of the great West
and South. And now, are wc to be answered by
the taunt of the gentleman from Ohio, when we
come here and ask an appropriation for the pro-
tection of the commerce of the country, because
this particular defense happens to be m one of the
eastern States5
Mr. HOUSTON. I have always, or nearly
always, found 111 this House of Representatives
gentlemen who are a sort of croakers, endeavor-
ing to get up an excitement in one direction, while
they improperly put their hands into the public
Treasury in another direction. Now, sir, there
is no other member in this House who heard me
say that this House ought to he controlled by the
Committee of Ways and Means, except the gen-
tleman from Maine, and I do not say that he
heard me say so, because I never said any such
thing.
Air. WASHBURN. I did not say that the
gentleman did ["Order!" "Order1"]
The CHAIRMAN. The Cluur calls'to order.
The Chair rules the discussion out of order, and
must enforce the rule.
Mr. HOUSTON. I should have been very
glad if the Chair had called the gentleman to
order when he 
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair called the gen-
tleman to order as soon as his attention was
called to the matter.
JVlr. HOUSTON. But the Chair allowed the
gentleman to go on to an extent which i re-
gretted, until he had misrepresented my views;
and it was m reference to that that I wanted to
set myself right.
Now, sir, in reply to the gentleman from Ohio,
I believe that a prudent system of fortifications
ought to be carried on by this Government. I
admit the truth of Ins historical statement, that
some five or six years ago the fortification bill
was defeated by a vote of this House. Hue arc
a couple of gentlemen neor me who say they
voted against it; theie is another who says so—
they seem t<> be getting pretty thick about here—
l)iir my opinion is, th.it we ought to fortify our
cities, such as New York, Boston, Philadelphia,
New Oileans, Charleston, Savannah, Mobile,
and all such important points which are liable to
be attacked, m case of war, and held under con-
tribution, or even turned against us m times of
difficulty and trouble. 1 think we ought to com-
plete oui fortifications for our protection—for the
piotection of Baltimore, Norfolk, and all those
places which are liable to be attacked m cose of
foreign war.
Air. CAMPBELL, of Ohio. I rise to a ques-
tion of order. I must insist on having the rule
enforced. The gentleman is discussing the mer-
its of the system generally, and not the particular
amendment.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair holds that the
point of otder is well token. Gentlemen must
confine tlu lr remarks to the particular amend-
ment thov are speaking to.
Air. HOUSTON. What is the amendment?
[Laughter.]
The CHAIRMAN. It is to increase the ap-
propriation §5,000.
Air. HOUSTON. I am opposed to the increase
of that appropriation, and i am opposed to the
original appropriation. It ought not to be in-
creased, because the point at which it is proposed
to apply it, as I understand, is one at which we
have no fortification now; and I understand the
authorities read by the gentleman from Missouri
[Air. Pjif.i.ps] to be that there is now no fortifi-
cation there; and instead of its being true that
there ever were fortifications there, the prepara-
tory survey has not yet been completed. 1 am
opposed to any appropriation by which the sys-
tem will be broken down.
Mr. WASHBURN, by unanimous consent,
withdrew his amendment.
The question recurred upon Mr. Benson's
amendment.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois, called for
tellers.
Tellers were ordered; aiA Messrs. Wash-
burns, of Illinois, and Walker were appointed.
The question was taken; and the tellers re-
ported—ayes 66, noes 47—no quorum voting.
There being less than a quorum of members
present, the roll was called, and the following
members failed to answer to their names:
IVIfsiis. Allison, Barclay, Henry iSennett, Billinjjiiui^t,
Bingham, Biias, BoeocJc. Jiovce, lhnhni^ime, Bunieit, John
1'. Campbell, Carlilr1, Catuthet*, Ca>Uie, OhiUK Bayard
Clarke, Clinginan,Cox. Crasjin, Cmil'o, Cullcn, Davu^on,
Ilemy Winter Dave;, Timothy Davn, Day, Denver, Be
Witt, Dick, Dickson, Dowdoll, Dunn, Edic, EdmiuuUon,
EdwauK. Kihort, Kturhsli, Ktheiidge, Kv.in^, Kaulkncr,
Flatlet, Floiencc, Fo-tor, lleniy Tullei, Thomas J. J).
Fullci, Galloway, («\>ode, Greenwood, Gtow, Au^u^u?
Hall, Robcit 1>. ilal!, Samp-on \V. Ham*, Hani-on, Hei-
hort, Ilicknian, floti'inan, iiowanl, IJuyh^lon, Je\vetj,J.
Gl.uiey Jones Kolh, Kenneir, Kidwell, Km^ht, landlc\,
Mace, AK'viuuk't K. Mat^li.ill, Samuel S jNJaifh.ill, AIc-
MuHnij MeUuern, Meaehjin, Kilhan Millet, Mtlhvard,
i\Iu>iay, \;i'hoN, Aiuhew Oliver, (>ir, Packet, Panic,
Peauc, Pdton. IVnnmsrton, Poitci, Powell, Piny<\ir,
Rcade, Uead\. Juehaid^on, Ritchie, Riveis, Robeus Kobi-
i-on, Ku>t, Sandidi'e, rSeott, Sewaid. Shmtei, Simmons
William R. tfmuli, tfneed, Stephens Swope, Talhott
Tiation, Tnppe, \ail, Vaik, Wade, Walbndge, Wainci,
Watson, WclK, Wheeler, Wlnlney, William-*, Window,
Wood, and Zolheotler.
The committee then rose ; and the Speaker
having resumed the Chair, Air. Cobb reported
that the Commit toe of the Whole on the state of
the Union had had under eonsidei ation the Union
generally, and particularly the fortification bill,
and finding itself without a quorum, had caused
the roll to be called, nnd had directed him to
repoit to the Chair the names of the absentees.
Mr. LETCHER. How many members were
pre.sent ?
The SPEAKER. One hundred and twelve
members answeied to their names.
Air. WA IvEAi AN. I move that the House d<r
now adjourn.
Air. CAMPBELL. I hope the House will not
adjourn until they dispose of this bill.
The motion w;ix agreed to; and thereupon (at
four o'clock and twenty-five minutes, p. m.) the
House adjoin tied till to-morrow, at eleven o'clock,
a. m.
IN SENATE.
Thursday, JV;/31, 1856.
Prayer by the Rev. Daniel Waldo, Chaplain
of the House of Representatives.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
ENROLLED BILLS SIGNED.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore signed the fol-
lowing enrolled bill and resolution, which had
previously received the signature of the Speaker
of the House of Representatives:
A resolution authori/.mg the Secretary of the
Treasury to modify the plan of the custom-house
at Ellsworth, Alanie; ami
An act making appropriations for the consular
and diplomatic expenses of the Govrnment for
the year ending the 30th June, 18.77.
HOUSE BILLS REFERRED.
The following House bills wen1 severally read
twice by their "titles, and refeired as indicated
below:
A bill (II. R. No. 154) to provide for the set-
tlement of the claims of the oilleets of the rtvolu-
Uonaiy aimy, and of the widows and orphan
children of those- who died m the service—to the
' Committee on Revolutionary Claims.
A bill (H. R. No. 7.)) to leorganize the Ter-
ritory of Kansas, end for other purposes—to the
Committee on Tcmtoues.
; DAVID GORDON.
Air. BROWN. In my absence the other day,
a bill was received from the House of Represent-
atives for the benelit of a constituent of mine,
and laid on the mblc. I ask the indulgence of
the Senate to ha\e it taken up. with a view to have
it disposed of. It is the lull (II. R. No. 337)
■ directing a settlement of the account of David
Gordon
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate pro-
ceeded, as in Committee of the Whole, to con-
sider the bill, which proposes to authorize and
require the First Auditor of the Treasury to ad-
just and settle the account of David Gordon as
examining agent of the land offices in Louisiana
and Mississippi, and that he be allowed the per
diem specified in his letter of instructions, from
the 8th day of December, 1852, the day upon
which he commenced the service at Greensburg,
Louisiana, to the 11th day of June following,
| when he terminated the service at Jackson, Mis-
sissippi, inclusive, and that he be allowed mileage
from this city to the offices visited and back,
agreeably to a schedule of distances furnished by
the General Post Office Department; but the rate
of mileage is not to exceed that specified in his
letter of instructions; and, also, the sum paid by
the Secretary of the Treasury on account of the
second service is to'be deducted in the final set-
tlement.
Air. BROWN. I have the report in ray hands,
but I shall not ask to have it read. The only
point in the case is this: the accounting officers
of the Treasury insisted on the agent proving
that lie had served each particular day while he
was engaged in this business; and he not being
able to produce that precise kind of proof they
suspended his accounts. The bill only requires
that he shall be paid in accordancc with the letter
of the Secretary of the Treasury, who com-
manded the discharge of the duty.
Air. STUART. I wish the Senator to state
what the number of days is?
Mr. BROWN. The bill specifies.
Air. STUART. It must be known to every-
body that there is a great deal of constructive
charge in business of this sort. Gentlemen are
sent out, at their own request frequently, to ex-
amine hmd offices.
Air. BROWN. If the Senator will allow me,
I will read an extract from the report.
Mr. STUART. Yes; I want to hear the facts.
Air. BROWN. The report says: "There is
no doubt as to the performance of the service.
The present Secretary of the Treasury, Air.
Guthrie, concedes the fact; but the allowance
of his demand is resisted by the accounting offi-
cers, on the ground that the proof is not clear
that all the time—every day from the beginning
of the service to its final termination—was em-
ployed or devoted to the service in question.
Tills construction, it appears to the committee,
is rather technical than substantial."
The service continued from April till June;
t% his account for the service beginning at Colum-
bus, Mississippi, in April, until the suspension,
at Jackson, in June." Pie has been paid for a
I good part of it, and I suppose the amount is only
! a few hundred dollars.
I The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read the
third tune, and passed.
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS.
; Air. JONES, of Iowa, presented a petition of
! citizens of Fremont county, Iowa, praying that
! the purchasers of lands reserved for the use of old
Fort KVnrney, in that State, may be confirmed in
tin ir titles to those lands; which was laid on the
; table, as there is a bill pending which embraces
i the ca^e.
j Air. FOOT presented the petition of Ann E. T.
i Partridge, widow of Captain Alden Partridge,
| formerly superintendent of the Alihtary Academy
■ at West Point, praying to be allowed a pension;
! winch was referred to the Committee on Military
| Affairs. _ >
! ATr. rUGH presented the petition of V. G.
! Audubon, praying that the Secretary of State
1 may be authorized to purchase, for the purpose
: of transmission to such foreign Governments as
have presented valuable works to the United
States, a certain number of copies of Audubon'**
' works on the Cluadrupcds and Birds of North
| America; which was referred to the Committee
| on Foreign Relations. *
! He also presented a memorial of owners and
I officers of steamboats navigating the western
i waters, and of merchants and business men of
i Cincinnati, Ohio, praying fur an appropriation
' for the improvement of navigation at the falls of
| the Ohio men which was referred to the Cora-
1 rnittee on RouH •md <'nu.iW.
