246
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January lo,
Mr. SHERMAN. It cannot be out of the
recollection of the House that when, a few min-
utes since, the gentleman from Indiana was about
closing his remarks, and was intimating that he
had reasons for abandoning the gentleman from
Massachusetts, which could have influence on
the members of the House, I rose in my place
and desired him to state those reasons; and the
gentleman was permitted, by the courtesy of the
House, to go on and state the reasons alone which
prevented him from voting for Mr. Banks 
Mr. DUNN, (interrupting.) The gentleman
from Ohio will allow me to interrupt him. Docs
not this House distinctly recollect that to the gen-
tleman there, [Mr. Meaciiam,] and to the gentle-
man here, [Mr. Sherman,] I again and again de-
clared that I would make no charge, nor go into
my reasons? That was well understood and dis-
tinctly stated. No man could have misunderstood
me. It was too plainly stated.
Mr. COMINS. Will the gentleman from Ohio
allow me to state 
Mr. SHERMAN. Not now. I state this,
that the objection of the gentleman from Ver-
mont [Mr. Meaciiam] would have compelled
the gentleman from Indiana [Mr. Dunn] to take
his seat*, and that that objection was withdrawn
for the purpose of giving; the gentleman from
Indiana time and opportunity to state the reasons
why he did not vote for Mr. Ba\tk<$; and when
objection was withdrawn by the gentleman from
Vermont for that purpose, that the gentleman
from Indiana might proceed to state the reasons
•why he holds this House disorganized, he goes
on, but does not state the reasons.
I now proceed to but one point more, and then
I have done. It is this 
Mr. PENNINGTON, (interrupting.) Will
the gentleman from Ohio yield to mo a moment
for the purpose of addressing to him an inquiry?
Mr. SHERMAN. I yield with pleasure.
Mr. PENNINGTON." 1 wish to know of the
gentleman from Ohio, whether I am to under-
stand Uim as imputing to me any responsibility
whatever for the delay in the organization of the
House ?
Mr. SHERMAN. Most certainly not.
Mr. PENNINGTON. I think I should have
a nice little entertainment if [ were to attempt to
put a ring in the nose of my friend from Indiana,
[Mr. Duxjj."]
Mr. SHERMAN. No, sir. I give the honor-
able gentleman from New Jersey—for whom I
have the deepest renpect—the highest credit for
his course here. He has uniformly voted for
Mr. Banks, while these gentlemen have been
voting lor him, [Mr. Pknnington.] They agree
in sentiment with him; and yet he gives his great
name, his high reputation, and his voice here
constantly in favor of the gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts.
But 1 will proceed now to a matter personal to
myself. It has been charged on this floor—and
Democratic papers in the State m which I live
have repeated the story over and over n*ain—
that the canvass in my congressional district in
Ohio, against my friend General Lmdsley, my
predecessor, was conducted, and the chief oppo-
sition to him made, on the ground that he voted
the same way as Mr. Banks did on the Nebraska
bill. Now, I would state to the House that I
considered that vote wrong. But if my friend,
General Lindsley, had come homo, ?md gone to
the people of his congressional district and repu-
diated that Administration which had avowed and
stood upon that platform, I would have gone in
heart and soul and supported him. I did not
desire a seat on this iloor; my interests were
not advanced by it. But instead of that, he went
there and acquiesced in that wrong. He acqui-
esced in it, and said that he would stand by the
Administration which committed that wrong.
He would not pledge his people that he would
vote in favor of the restoration of the Missouri
prohibition. He occupied the same position as
the gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. Puller]
in acquiescing in what he declared to be wrong.
On this point"alone I went before the people of
my district, giving him great credit for the fair-
ness which he had shown, and the manner in
which he had discharged his duty in Congress;
speaking of him everywhere with kindness, and
not alluding to his vote, except, as to its indis-
cretion, but basing my opposition to him on the
fact that he was willing to acquiesce in the meas-
ure and let it be done. I told them that I would
not submit to that which is declared wrong; and
I say, before God and my country, that I never
will. I am no Abolitionist in the sense in which
the term is used; I have always been a conserv-
ative Whig. I was willing to stand by all the
compromises—of 1850 and all; but I say, that
when our Whig brethren of the South allow this
Administration to lead them off from their duty
—when they abandon the position which Henry
Clay would have taken, forget his name and
proud achievements, and decline any longer to
carry his banner—they lose all their claims on
me. And I say now, that until this wrong is
righted, until Kansas is admitted as a free State,
I cannot go in party association with it. When-
ever that question is put out of the way, I will
no longer have any desire to interrupt or disturb
the harmony which ought to exist in the country
—North and South. I do not propose to con-
tinue agitation; I only appear liere to demand
justice—to demand compliance with the condi-
tions which we are entitled to. I ask no more,
and I will submit to no less.
Mr. ALEXANDER K. MARSHALL, [at
half past three, p.m.] I move that the House do
now adjourn.
The question was taken, and disagreed to.^
Mr. CUMBACK. I withdraw the resolution.
[Loud cries of " Call the roll!"]
VOTE FOR SPEAKER.
The PIousc then proceeded to vote the one
hundred and fifteenth time for Speaker, with the
following result: Whole number of votes cast,
195; necessary to a choice, 98; of which—
Nathaniel P. Banks received 88
William A. Rielmidv-on   65
Henry M. Fuller . 20
Alexander C. M- Pennington  8
James L. Orr 2
John William-*  1
Gilchns-t Potter  1
Benjamin B. Thurston  1
So there was no choice.
The following is the vote in detail:
For Mr. Banks—Messis. Albright, Allison, Barbour, Henry
Bennett, Benson, BiHm^lmrst, Bingham, Bliss, Brads-haw,
Bufhnston, Bmlingame, James II. Campiicll, Lewis T).
Campbell, Charter, Colfax, Conims, Cie-on, Cunibaek,
Damtell, Timothy Davis, Day, Dean, Do Witt, I)ick, Dick-
son, Dodd, Durtec, Hume, Flag! oi, Galloway,Guiding,Gil-
bert, Giangor, Ciow, Robeit !?. Uall, Hailan, Iiolloway,
Thomas R. Horton, Valentino B. Ilorton, J-Jowanl, Huirhs-
ton, Kclsey, King, Knapp, Knight, Knowltou, Knox, lvun-
koi, Loitoi, Maltoton, McCaitv, Moacham, JVIoisan, Mor-
rill. Norton, Andiew Oliver, Peaice, PHton, Porta, Pike,
Pimple, Ptnvianee, Ritchie, Robots, Habni, Sa^e, yapp,
Sheim.in, Simmons, Spumci, Stanton. Stranahan, Tap-
pan, Thoiinuton, Thurston, Todd, Tiai'ton, Wade, Wal-
bndge, Waldioa, Cadvvaliader C. Vvashbume, Eihhu B.
Washburne, Israel Washburn, Watson, Welch, Wood,
Woodiuff, and Woodwoith.
For Mr. RfY/tan'son—Messrs. Aiken, Allen, Barksdaie,
Bell,Booock,Bowie, Poyce, Branch, Burnett, Cadwalader,
Caruthers, Clubman, IJowell Cobb, Williamson II. W.
Cobb, Davidson, Denvci, Dowdell, Edmundson, Elliott,
English, Faulkner, Florence, Thomas J. D. Fuller, Goode,
Greenwood, Augiiftus Hall, Sampson W. Ilnrris, Thoiftas
L. IJatns, Ilnboit, Hickman, Houston, Jevvott,George W.
Jones, J. Glancy Jonop, Kellv, Kulwcll, f,etcher, Lumpkin,
Bamuel S. WaiMtall,Maxwell, I\IcMujhn,?JoQ.iieen, Smith
Millei, MiUson, Moidceai Ohvei,On, Pick, Phelps*, Powell,
tlmurian,Tinflm, Pint. Sandidae, Savage. Snmuel A. Smith,
Stephens, Stewart, Tnlbott, Vail. Wai nor, Waikins, Weils,
Wmslow, Daniel P. Wn-iht, atid JoimV.' Wugbt.
For Mr. Fuller—Bioofu, John P. Campbell, Cai-
lde. Bav?u-d Claik, Cok, CuHen, Ktherid e, Evan--, Fo^te;,
' J. Mormon llarns Kennett, Lake, Lindlej, Alexander K.
I Mats-hall, Mi'iwaid. Tame, Porier, Rc<id'\ Rondv, River-?,
I William R Small,'Snood, Swope, Tuppe, Underwood,
Vaik, Walker, Whitney, and ZollieofFei.
For Mr. Pennington—Messrs. Clawson, Dunn, Edwards,
JIaru-H>n, Haven, Moore. Robbin?, and Scott.
For Mr. Orr—Richautaon and Williams.
For Mr. IVdl'tam•>—Mr. Wheeler.
For Mr. Potter— Mr. fJonry M. Fuller.
For Mr. Thurston—Mr. BiPnton.
Mr. BOYCE (when his name was called) said:
I desire, Mr. Clerk, briefly to explain the reasons
of the vote which f sm now about to give. It is
well known that, until last Monday, I steadily, on
every ballot, voted for the distinguished gentleman
•from Illinois. On reading Ins remarks in the Globe
of last Monday, I felt some difficulty m further
voting for him, on account of the opinion which
he appeared to express in reference to the consti-
tutionality of the Wilinot proviso. I therefore
reluctantly ceased voting for Mr. Richardson—
a gentleman for whom I have the highest respect
—whom I have looked upon as a man eminently
distinguished for his sense of justice to all sec-
tions of the Confederacy; a man whom Carlyle
would call a " real man;" a man of earnestness,
sincerity, and truthfulness of character. I had
witnessed his efforts 011 this floor to pass the Ne-
braska bill—that great measure of justicc to the
South, it was, therefore, with the greatest reluct-
ance that I felt compelled to withhold my vote
for him after reading his remarks in the Globe.
I was very glad to-day, however, when an in-
cidental debate sprung up between himself and
the gentleman from Tennessee, [Mr. Zollicof-
fer,] to hear him express an opinion, that the
Wilmot proviso was contrary to the spirit of the
Constitution; because that whicli is contrary to
the spirit of the Constitution is, in my opinion,
inconsistent with it, and, therefore, unconstitu-
tional, because we are to construe the Constitu-
tion by its spirit and not by its lett.pr.
With this understanding, therefore, of the opin-
ion of the gentleman from Illinois, which was in-
cidentally expressed to-day, I feel at liberty again
to cast my vote for him. And I do so with ex-
treme pleasure, because I am unwilling to quit
those gentlemen of the North and the South with
whom I sympathize so much, and with whom I
have been hitherto acting on this subjcct. I vote
for Mr. Richardson.
Mr. CRAIGE (when his name was called)
stated that Mr. Nichols, of Ohio, being unwell,
he had paired off with him for the day.
Mr. DAVIDSON. I desire to inquire of the
gentleman from New Jersey, whether his col-
league |Mr. Bishop] is in the Hall?
Mr. PENNINGTON. I do not know.
The CLERK. Mr. Bishop has not voted.
Mr. DAVIDSON. I think I am authorized to
vote for to-day. My health is too poor to per-
mit mo to attend upon the regular sessions of tho
House, and I have made an arrangement with
Mr. Bishop, of New Jersey, to pair off after
to-day; but, not seeing that gentleman present,
I thought it possible he might have understood
the arrangement to commence with this vote.
Mr. PENNINGTON. I did not understand
the arrangement upon the part of my colleague
to pair off with the gentleman from Louisiana,
to commence until after to-day.
Mr. DAVIDSON. I vote for Mr. Richardson.
Mr. MACE (when his name was called) stated
that ihe arrangement, he had with Mr. Alexan-
der. K. Marshall, for pairing off, having term-
inated, he had made a second arrangement to pair
off with Mr. Iveitt, of South Carolina.
Mr. McQ.UEEN (when his name was called)
said: I will not detain the House but for a mo-
ment. I wish to say that, for upwards of a
hundied times, I have cast my vote for the dis-
tinguished gentleman from Illinois, [Mr. Rich-
ardson.] 1 find, however, reported in the Globe
of Monday, an account of the proceedings of the
House of Saturday, in which is a statement by
that gentleman 1 could not indorse.
I have, since I have known anj'thing of public
matters in this Confederacy, warred against the
principle of the Wilmot proviso, as being danger-
ous to the rights, if not the very existence, of tho
institutions of the southern States. I thought I
saw, in Ihe statement of the gentleman fiom Illi-
nois. an indorsement of the constitutionality of
the Wilmot proviso—an indorsement that placed
him in a position where I could not consistently
vote for him as the presiding officer of this House,
and I accordingly cast my vote for another gen-
tleman.
In the remarks which fell from that gentleman
to-day, growing out of statements made by the
gentleman fiom Tennessee, [Mr. Zollicoffer,]
I understand him to disavow any intentional
indorsement of the Wilmot proviso as constitu-
tional m spirit.
Now, when I couple his disavowal on this
occasion wish his course in this House since he
has occupied a seat upon this floor, as a noble
and manly defender of the constitutional rights
of the South, and of the States of this L'nion—■
when I have seen him standing up amidst the
i strife that attended the passage of the Nebraska
1 and Kansas bill, not only as lis advocate, but its
' champion—when I know that upon his right
hand and his left the men who acted with him
have been cut down by tho demon of Abolitionism,
I should feel that 1 was doing injustice to the
representative of the great an4 glorious principle
embodied m that bill, which wiped from the
statute-book of the country that foul stain and
