1846
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 31,
Mr. CRITTENDEN. On a former day I
presented a joint resolution for the consideration
of the Senate in regard to a disputed piece of
territory, being an island commonly called Wolf
Island, in the Mississippi river, opposite the
southern part of Kentucky. I have now in my
hand resolutions of the Legislature of the State
of Kentucky on the same subject, which I ask
to have filed and referred to the same committee.
In addition thereto I have some documents in
relation to the title and history of that island,
and a copy and other papers in reference to it;
which I move to commit to the same committee,
the Committee on Territories.
The motion was agreed to.
PAPERS WITHDRAWN.
On motion of Mr. JOHNSON, it was
Ordered, That the petition of Theresa Dardenne, on the
files of the Senate, be referred to the Committee ou Public
Lands. '
BILL INTRODUCED.
Mr. MALLORY asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to bring in a bill (S. "No.
418) to grant certain public land in the Palatka
military reservation to the president and directors
of the Palatka and Micanopy Plank Road Com-
pany, chartered by the General Assembly of the
State of Florida, for the construction of a plank
road from Palatka to Micanopy, in the said State;
"which was read the first and second times by
unanimous consent, and referred to the Commit-
tee on Military Affairs.
RESOLUTION ADOPTED.
Mr. SEWARD submitted the following reso-
lution; which was considered by unanimous con-
sent, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Secretary of War rcpojf whether, in
his opinion, the public inteicst requires an improveiiu'i.r of
the roads connecting WestPomt, in the State of Now Yoik,
with the interior oi the country lung uvs-tw<ud th-'n-oi;
and, if so, what is the most practicable and expedient mode
of making such communication, and the expense tlieicof.
REPORTS PROM COMMITTEES.
Mr. WELLER, from the Committee on Mil-
itary Affairs, to whom was referred the petition
of the administrator of Jacque or James Gi-
rardm, submitted an adverse report; which was
ordered to be printed.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the bill (S. No. 298) to provide for
the sale of military reservations, reported it With-
out amendment.
On motion of Mr. MALLORY, it was
Ordered, That the Coinniiui e on Public l^ands he dis-
charged from the further consideration o( the petition of
Chains A. Price, and that it be n-ioned to the Committee
on Military Allans.
CALIFORNIA WAR DEBT.
Mr. JOHNSON. By the instruction of the
Committee on Military Affairs, as it is a matter
of considerable importance, I move to take up
the bill to settle the California war debt. There
is now no difficulty in relation to the passage of
that bill.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate re-
sumed, ag in Committee of the Whole, the con-
sideration of the bill (S. No. 397) explanatory
of so much of an act passed August 5, 1854,
making appropriations for the support of the
Army for the year ending 30th June, 1855, as
refers to the payment of expenses incurred by
the State of California for the suppression of
Indian hostilities in said State.
Mr. HUNTER. 1 desire to insert an amend-
ment, to which I understand the friends of the
bill do not object. It is to introduce this further
proviso:
Jind provided further, That no payment shall be made
except upon such of the aiores-aid bonds as are ceitifiod and
directed to be paid by the said commissioners of the State
of California, by an order in writing upon the Secretary of
War.
If they make the order, J think this Govern-
ment would be acquitted by paying the money
to the commissioner's order.
Mr. JOHNSON. I have no objection to the
acceptance «f the amendment.
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate as amended,
and the amendment made as in Committee of the
Whole was concurred m.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed for a
thud reading, read the third time, and passed.
CREEK SPOLIATIONS.
Mr. FITZPATRICK. 11 give notice that I
shall throw myself on the indulgenceof the Sen-
ate to-morrow morning, to take up for consider-
ation a bill (S. No. 81) which was introduced at
an early period of the session, but was not re-
ported on until a few weeks ago. 1 have not
asked the indulgence of the Senate, I think,
during the session,^before; nor do I now propose
to consume much time, for I do not think the bill
will occupy much of the morning hour. The
bill to which I refer is a bill for the payment of
Indian depredations committed on the citizens of
Alabama and Georgia.
COURTS IN SOUTH CAROLINA.
Mr. BUTLER. I hold in my hand a bill which
is necessary to be passed at once. It has received
the approbation of the Judiciary Committee, and
is simply to change the time and place of holding
the district court in South Carolina, from Laurens
to Greenville.
By unanimous consent, leave was granted to
introduce the bill (S. No. 419) to alter the time
for holding the district court m South Carolina,
and for other purposes; which was read twice,
and considered as in Committee of the Whole.
It proposes to repeal so much of the act of
Congress, passed May 25, 1824, as provides for
holding the United States district court at Lau-
rens court-house, on the Tuesday next after the
adjournment of the circuit court at Columbia,
and to have it held hereafter at Greenville court-
house, on the first Monday of August. The
grand and petit jurors are to be drawn from the
inhabitants of Greenville district, South Carolina,
who are or may be liable by the laws of that
Stato to do jury duty in its courts of law.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a third
i reading, read the third time, and passed.
EXECUTIVE SESSION.
Mr. STUART. There is a necessity for a
shoit executive session ; and as we find, from the
experience which we have had, that we are unable
to get it in the after part of the day, I hope the
: Senate will now proceed to the consideration of
| executive business, if but for a few moments. I
I make the motion.
| The motion was agreed to;and the Senate pro-
I ceeded to the consideration of executive business;
: and after some time spent therein the doors were
reopened.
DES MOINES RAPIDS.
On motion of Mr. JONES, of Iowa, the Sen-
ate, as in Committee of the Whole, resumed the
! consideration of the bill (H. R. No. 12) for con-
' tinning the improvement of the Des Moines rap-
j ids, in the Mississippi river.
I The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, and read
the third time.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. If not too late, I desire
to offer an amendment to this bill.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Weller.)
It can be done by unanimous consent, or a motion
to reconsider.
Mr. JONES, of Iowa. I hope the Senator will
not ask to have the bill reconsidered or amended.
We have a Senate bill for the improvement of
these rapids, reported from the Committee on
Commerce, which is of a somewhat different
1 character, because it proposes to make appropria-
] tions for both the Rock river as well as the Des
; Moines river rapids. When that bill comes up,
j I presume my friend's amendment will be as much
i m order as now.
; Mr. BENJAMIN". This bill has passed the
• House^and will be defeated if an amendment is
: now put upon it.
i Mr. JONES, of Iowa. That is the only ob-
, jection I have; it has passed the House, and an
; amendment may kill it.
! Mr. CRITTENDEN. I hold in my hand a
J resolution of the Legislatuie of Kentucky, direct-
i mg mo to use whatever influence I can exert to
! procure an appropriation of $100,000 for the im-
provement of the rapids of the Cumberland river,
which improvements are very necessary.
Mr. JONES, of Iowa. Would you attach
that to this bill?
Mr. CRITTENDEN. Certainly. One is to
improve the rapids of the Des Moines, and the
other is to improve the rapids of the Cumber-
land.
Mr. BENJAMIN. My friend from Kentucky
will yield to a suggestion from me? There are a
number of other improvement bills here, which
have not yet passed the Senate, to any one of
which this amendment will be germane, and
those bills will be up to-day. This bill having
passed the House, the effect of the amendment
may be to defeat it. As it has passed the House,
we wish not to send it back.
Mr.' CRITTENDEN. I will not obstruct it
if other bills are coming up to which my amend-
ment can be moved.
Mr. BENJAMIN, and Mr. JONES, of Iowa.
There are others.
The bill was passed.
RICHARD W. THOMPSON.
Mr. BRIGHT. I wish to ask the- Senate to
indulge me by taking up a report made on the
19th of May last by the Committee on Indian
Affairs. It is a very short report, and my object
in asking to take it up is that the Senate may
concur in it. The report is that " the Commit-
tee on Indian Affairs consider that no further
legislation on this subject is necessary or expe-
dient, and ask to be discharged from the further
consideration thereof."
Mr. STUART. I cannot consent to taking up
that report at this time. It will ncccssarily Icai
to a very lengthy debate; and there are some facts
I will state to the Senator from Indiana and to the
Senate, which I desire to have presented to the
Senate before that case is acted upon. There are
certain statements, and very material statements,
which are made by Mr. Thompson in respect to
the action of the President, that I am credibly
informed are not correct; and I understand that
the opinion of the President on the case is, and
has been throughout, precisely the opposite of
what is stated in the correspondence of Mr.
Thompson. I want that information presented
to the Senate in such a form that we can all see
it and act upon it. That such is the interpreta-
tion of the condition of things by the Secretary of
the Treasury I know myself, personally. That
Department considers the action of the Indians
as conclusive against the claim. I understand
such to be the opinion of the President; but it is
represented by the claimant to be the reverse. I
think other Senators aie in possession of the
same facts in connection with this matter.
Mr. DODGE. It will be remembered by the
Senate, that a resolution of inquiry was intro-
duced by me on the 18th of April, calling on the
President for certain information in relation to the
claim of Richard W. Thompson. In response to
that call, a very extended document, which I hold
in my hand, was received. On its rcccipt it was
referred to the Committee on Indian affairs, but
not by any motion of mine, though I made the
call. The lesolution which I submitted was a
resolution of inquiry to ascertain the state of the
claim of Mr. Thompson.
Mr. Thompson was there permitted to make
his response, which is here embraced within this
document of three hundred and nineteen pages.
When the Senator from Georgia [Mr. Toombs]
asked that the committee should be discharged
from the further consideration of the subject, I
moved that the papers be printed—namely, the
-report which camc from the President and from
the Departments. The Senator from Georgia
moved to amend my motion by adding that the
defense of Mr. Thompson should also be printed.
I said I could have no objection to that, and all
were printed together, making a document of three
hundred and nineteen pages. As soon as it was
printed I forwarded it to the Commissioner of
Indian Affairs, and he has sent to me a reply to
the statements of Mr. Thompson, which is con-
tained in the manuscript document in my hand;
which I ask may now be printed for the consid-
eration of the Senate. It is dated June 21. I
did not ask for the printing of it immediately
after its receipt, because I was unapprised of what
action would take place on the subject. It has
been shown, however, to some gentlemen, to the
President of the Senate, [Mr. Bright,] at his
request, and to the Senator from Michigan, [Mr.
Stuart,} and to the Senator from Ohio, [Mr.
Pugii.]
