886
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[March 11,
34th Cong....1st Sess.
Our Relations with England—Mr. Brown.
Senate.
paper to which I allude. My friend from Mis-
sissippi has indicated a spirit to maintain the
honor of this country, and the South entertains
as much of that spirit as any other portion of
the Union; and yet, at the very time when we are
manifesting it, a newspaper from England is
quoted, deriving, I have no doubt, its information
from the newspaper to which I have alluded,
which has one of the most extensive circulations
in the United States.
Mr. BROWN. Mr. President, my friend from
South Carolina has anticipated most of the com-
ment which I intend to offer on this article. I
know very well that articles written in this spirit
have been published in American newspapers;
and when so published they can be meant for but
one purpose, and that is the same which this
English writer has in view—to stir up discord,
and finally to break up this Government. I called
vttention to the article for the purpose of show-
ing that there was a certsinportion—how numer-
-oas I have no means of knowing—of the British
people who are actuated by the atrocious spirit
manifested by this article. Be they few or many,
thtfir movements deserve watching. I must do
the Senator who handed me that paper [Mr.
Foot] the justice to say that he attended it with
this commentary: " However we may differ and
wrangle among ourselves about slavery or any-
thing else, if Great Britain dares to touch the
humblest State in this Union, or the meanest
right which belongs to an American citizen, you,
sir, will find the North as ready to strike in vin-
dication oftheinjury as any portion of the South."
The sentiment was a proper one. It comes from
a northern Senator. If that is the spirit which
actuates the whole northern people, I shall be
ready to defy the British lion, ana tell him that
if he wishes to strike for what he chooses to call
liberty in this country, let him strike at once—we
are prepared for the blow. But I cannot and will
not overlook the fact, that while the British press
is thus threatening us With terrible chastisement,
the British Cabinet have acknowledged their
weakness by a mean attempt to recruit their
Crimean armies in this country.
I shall not, Mr. President, review that portion—
that childish portion, as I conceive it to be—of
the correspondence which relates to the subject
of arbitrating this difficulty. I believe that no
serious proposition has ever been submitted from
-the British Government for an arbitration. If any
has bwn or shall be submitted, I trust that our
Government will promptly reject it—not for the
reason assigned yesterday,- hypothetically, by
;the Senator from New Hampshire, [Mr. Hale,]
but for the reason that a great Republic like ours
can scarcely expect justice in a contest between
us and England, where a crowned head is the
umpire. I am not prepared to say that I should
go lor arbitration under any circumstances; but
the only umpire whom I would recognize or tol-
erate would be a board composed of eminent in-
dividuals, havingno connection with Government.
-I think the reply of Mr. Buchanan was eminently
proper, when he said laughingly—he might have
. said it with great propriety earnestly—to the Brit-
ish Minister: " You are fighting the only Power
in all Europe or in the world who would have the
boldness and independence to decide this ques-
tion justly." As to allowing a petty German
prince—-a mere stipendiary on the bounty or de-
pendency on the forbearance Qf Great jjritain—to
arbitrate a great question like this between her
and us, I am most emphatically against it. It
would be surrendering without a struggle a right
with which we cannot part.
Great Britain has thrown herself across our
transit from the Atlantic to the Pacific. She can-
not occupy or exercise dominion over any part
. of Central America with any advantage to her-
self or without serious injury to us. She has
agreed not to take or keep possession of the coun-
try, and she must fulfill her contract. We make
.no child's bargains with anybody,and especially
.one affecting the national safety.
I pass now, sir, to the remaining point of dif-
ference between the two Governments. I take it
upon the21st of April, 1854, when Mr. Crampton
commenced the correspondence by notifying our
Secretary of State that the British Government
would not issue letters of marque and reprisal,
and requesting the strict neutrality of this Gov-
ernment in the pending war between the Allies
and Russia. He said:
« Her Britannic Majesty 'a Government entertains the con-
| fident hope that the United States Government will receive
i with satisfaction the announcement of the resolutions thus
taken in common by the two allied Governments; and that
it will, in the spirit of just reciprocity, give orders that no
1 privateer under Russian colors ghajl be equipped or vic-
tualed, or admitted with its prizes, in the ports of the United
States ; and also, that the citizens of the United States shall
rigorously abstain ftom taking part in armaments of this
nature, or in any other m'easure opposed to the duties of a
strlet neutrality."
On the 28th of April, 1854—just one week after-
wards—Mr. Marcy replied, stating that he had
j submitted Mr. Crampton's communication to the
| President; and added that he was directed by the
i President
| —" to express to her Majesty'3 Government his satisfaction
that the principle that free ships make free goods—which
the United States have so long and so strenuously contended
for as a neutral right, and in which some of the leading 1
Powers of Europe have concurred—is to have a qualified .
sanction by the practical observance of it in the present war I
by both Great Britain and France, two of the most powerful
nations of Europe."
In the same dispatch, Mr. Marcy said:
" The undersigned^ directed by the President to state to
her Majesty's Minister to this Government, that the United
States, while claiming the full enjoyment of their rights as
aneutial Power, will observe the strictest neutrality towards
each and all the belligerents. The laws of this country im-
pose severe restrictions not only upon its own citizens, but
upon all persons who may be residents within any of the
territories of the United States, against equipping priva-
teers, receiving commissions, or enlisting men therein, for
the purpose of taking a part in any foreign war. It is not
apprehended that there will he any attempt to violate the
laws; but should the just expectation of the President be
disappointed, he will not fail in his duty to use all the power
with which he is invested to enforce obedience to them."
Now, sir, three things are made plain by this
I correspondence: First, that Mr. Crampton ob-
! tained the required pledge of unqualified neutrality
' on our part; second, that he was notified of the
stringency of our laws, and therefore put on his
guard; and third, that he was told the President j
would most unquestionably enforce those laws, i
Therefore, for the enforcement of the laws, he
certainly has had no iust ground of complaint.
And he cannot, after the date of this letter, plead
that he was not fully advertised as to what the
law was. Nothing further occurred until the 9th
of June, 1855, when Mr. Marcy wrote to Mr.
Buchanan that it had come to the knowledge of
this Government that " a plan was on foot to
enlist soldiers within the limits of the United
States to serve in the British army, and that ren-
dezvous for that purpose had been actually opened
in some of our principal cities."
It cannot escape the attention of the most casual
observer, at this point, that the British Govern-
ment, the first to ask neutrality, was the first to
violate her obligations. Mr. Marcy, in this dis-
patch, says:
" When intimations were thrown out that the British
consuls in this country were aiding and encouraging this
scheme of enlistment within our limits, Mr. Crampton, her
Britannic Majesty's Minister to this Government, showed
me the copy of a letter which he had addressed to one of
them, disappro ving of the proceeding, and discountenancing
it as a violation of our laws."
It was very proper, on the part of Mr. Cramp-
ton, to write a fetter discountenancing these pro-
ceedings, and to give notice to the British consuls
that they were in violation of our law, but, sir,
we shall presently see how sincere Mr. Cramp-
ton was when he showed this letter to the Amer-
ican Secretary of State. It has been stated broadly
out of doors, and more than intimated in-doors,
that our Secretary of State was, in some manner,
to blame, because he did not, at an early day,
present the double point, as against the British
Government, of having not only violated our
municipal laws, but also of having violated our
territorial rights of sovereignty under the laws of
nations. That Mr. Marcy did comprehend the
whole case in all its bearings from the beginning
is manifest by the same dispatch from which I
have already read; for in it he said to Mr.
Buchanan:
" Besides being a disregard of our sovereign rights as an
independent nation, the procedure was a clear and mani-
fest infringement of our laws, enacted for the express pur-
pose of maintaining our neutral relations with other
Powers."
Here, then, in the outset, the American Secre-
tary of State, in tke very first letter which he
wrote on this subject, called attention to both
points of the controversy, and put the violation
of our territorial rights in the foreground, men-
tioning, in advance of the other complaint, that
it was also a violation of our municipal laws.
There is, therefore, no just ground to charge that
the American Secretary did not raise the two
points. If the British Government was not
promptly advised of the double ground of com-
plaint, it was no fault of Secretary Marcy. He
certainly saw and raised both points in the onset,
and put it in the foreground as the most import-
ant of the two, the violation of our " sovereign
rights as an independent nation."
On the 6th July, 1855, Mr. Buchanan wrote to
Lord Clarendon, notifying him fully of what had
been done, and informing him of the complicity
of the British functionaries in this country with
this business, and calling his attention to the sec-
ond section of the neutrality act of 1818. The
language of that act is in these words:
" That if any person shall, within the territory or juris-
diction of the United States, enlist or enter himself, or hire
or retain another person to enlist or enter himself, or to go
beyond the limits or jurisdiction of the United States with
intent to be enlisted or entered in the service of any foreign
prince, State, colony, district, or people, as a soldier, as u
marine or seaman, on board of any vessel of war, letter of
marque, or privateer, every person so offending shall be
deemed guilty of a high misdemeanor, and shall be fined
not exceeding one thousand dollars, and be imprisoned not
exceeding three years," &c.
Whatever might have been said before this, it
would be shameless mendacity to contend that
the British Government were not fully advised,
from the date of this dispatch, as to what was the
municipal law of this country. If after this dis-
patch any person was induced to go beyond the
limits of the United States " with the intent of
being enlisted" in her Majesty's service, it must
have been known to be in violation of our law;
and those who did it, or made the attempt to do
it; must have been aware that they violated, or
attempted to violate, these laws. Notwithstand-
ing this, on the 16th of July last, Lord Claren-
don wrote to Mr. Buchanan expressing his re-
fret, not that the laws of the United States had
een violated, but " if the laws of the United
States have been in any way violated," he says
that " such infringement is against the positive
instructions of her Majesty's Government."
Hear him:
" The undersigned, however, thinks it right to state to
Mr. Buchanan that some mouths ago her Majesty's Gov-
ernment were informed, from various sources^ that in the
British North American possessions, as well as in the United
States, there were many subjects of the Queen who, from
sentiments of loyalty, and many foreigners who, from po-
litical feeling, were anxious to enter her Majesty's service,
and to take part in the war."
They were advised, he says, that many pep-
sons in the United States desired to take part in
the war; and if they devised a way by which
such persons should leave the United States with
.the intention of enlisting in her Majesty's ser-
vice, they knew that such device would be a vio-
lation of the spirit of our laW; add yet what did
they do ? His lordship says:
"Her Majesty's Government, desirous of availing them-
selves of the offers of these volunteers, adopted the meas-
ures necessary for making generally known that her Maj-
esty's Government were ready to do so, and f<yr receiving
such persons as should present themselves at an appointed
place in one of the British possessions. The right of her
-Majesty's Government to act in this way was incontest-
able; but at the same time they issued stringent injunc-
tions to gUard against any violation of the United States
law of neutrality;"
This is, perhaps, the most extraordinary paper
that ever emanated from a statesman of acknowl-
edged ability. Recollect that Mr. Buchanan had,
on the 6th of July, sent to Lord Clarendon a copy
of our law, making it an offense for " any person"
to retain another " to go beyond the United States
with the intent to be enlisted in the service of any
foreign State;" and yet, on the 16th of the same
month, his lordship unblushingly says that her
Majesty's Government was informed that" many
persons in the United States," subjects of the
Queen and others, were " desirous of taking part
in the war;" and that her Majesty's Government,
being anxious to get their services, notified them
of the fact, and '' appointed a place for them to
present themselves in one of the British posses-
sions;" and he says, " the right ofher Majesty's
Government to act in this way %as incontest-
