1856.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
&7B
Oftentimes, this committee is composed of gen-
tlemen who, notbeinglawyers, have gone through
no process of training, and are not familiar with
legal rules, and of course know nothing of their
application to this or that given case—of gentle-
men who have other legislative demands on their
time and attention, and cannot devote to the sub-
ject that thoroughness and careful research which
is necessary to insure justice between the indi-
vidual and the Government. Now, I say, contrast
such a committee—I do not care howpure,how in-
telligent it may be, with a court composed as this
is—of gentlemen who are known to the whole pro-
fession of this country—two of them, Chief Justice
Gilchrist and Justice Blackford, having adorned
the supreme bench of their respective States: Mr.
Blackford, of Indiana, the author of the best series
of reports in this country; and the third, Mr. Scar-
burgh, indorsed by every lawyer in the State of
Virginia, for the thoroughness of his attainments,
his patience, his habits of research, and his un-
questionable integrity;—why, sir, I say, can it
be argued that the rights of individuals and the
interests of the Government are not as secure
against wrong and injury, when passed upon by
such men as these, as they will be if subjected to
the consideration of a committee of this House,
composed of men who have other duties to per-
form? I say, for one, I can have no hesitation
in declaring that I yield to this court far more
confidence and respect than to any committee of
this House; and in this every man outside of this
Hall will concur.
Mr. WALKER having concluded his remarks,
Mr. RITCHIE obtained the floor.
Mr. PHELPS. I ask the gentleman from
Pennsylvania to yield me the floor that I may
submit a motion that the rules be suspended, and
that the House resolve itself into the Committee
of the Whole on the state of the Union for the
purpose of taking up the Senate amendments to
the deficiency bill.
Mr. RITCHIE. I will yield for that purpose.
Mr. PIIELPS. I submit that motion.
Mr. GIDDINGS. I hope the House will not
resolve itself into the Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union. The private claims of
this nation have a right to be heard, and I hope
this day will be devoted to their consideration.
Mr. PHELPS. I ask for tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Kelly, and
Davis of Massachusetts, were appointed.
The question was then taken; and the tellers
reported—ayes G7, noes 50.
So the motion was agreed to.
DEFICIENCY BILL.
The House accordingly resolved itself into the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union. (Mr. Nichols in the chair,) and resumed
the consideration of the Senate amendments to
the bill (H. II. jNo. 68) to supply deficiencies m
the appropriations for the service of the fiscal
year ending the 30th of June, 1856.
The Clerk reported the thirty-sixth amend-
ment of the Senate, as follows:
For compensation and mileage of the members of the
Legislative Assembly, officeis, clerks, and contingent ex-
penses of the Assembly for the Temtoiy of Minnesota,
§6,000.
Mr. PHELPS. I move to increase the appro-
priation to $7,000, not that I wish that additional
sum appropriated, but to explain the action of
the Committee of Ways and Means. The com-
mittee recommend a concurrence in this amend-
ment of the Senate. This appropriation is made
necessary m consequence of our own legislation.
The act organizing the Territory of Minnesota
provided that the Council and House of Repre-
sentatives of that Territory should consist of so
many members, but that, at a subsequent time, the
number of members might be increased by the.
legislative body itself. The number has been in-
creased, and this appropriation is made necessary
to pay the compensation in consequence of that
increase of the number of members as authorized
by law. I withdraw my amendment.
The amendment of the Senate was concurred in.
The Clerk reported the thirty-seventh amend-
ment of the Senate, as follows:
For contingent expenses of the Territory of Now Mexico,
and to enable the Government to employ an interpreter or
translator, $500.
Mr. PHELPS. The Committee of Ways and
Means recommended a concurrence in that amend-
ment.
The amendment was concurred in.
The Clerk reported the thirty-eighth amend-
ment of the Senate, as follows:
For repairs of Pennsylvania avenue, £3,000.
Mr. PHELPS. The Committee of Waysand
Means recommend a non-concurrence in that
amendment.
The amendment was non-concurred in.
The Clerk reported the thirty-ninth amend-
ment of the Senate, as follows:
For taking rare of the ground'* south of the President's
house, continuing the improvements of the same, and keep-
ing them in order, .$3,000.
Mr. PHELPS. Tfte Committee of Waysand
Means recommended a non-concurrence in that
amendment.
Mr. ORR. I move to amend by reducing the
appropriation one dollar. I do so with a view
of inquiring of the chairman of the Committee for
the District of Columbia, or of the chairman of
the Committee on Public Buildings and Grounds,
if either of those gentlemen are present, how it
is that this recommendation comcs to be made ?
There seems to be no response. I understand the
chairman of the Committee for the District of
Columbia is sick. I withdraw the amendment.
The question was taken on the thirty-ninth
amendment; and it was non-concurred in.
The Clerk reported the fortieth amendment of
the Senate, as follows:
For filling up and diaining the grounds in the vicinity of
the national green-house?, known a'h the botanic gaiden,
and for wailing the creek which passes through tno same,
$5,6o0.
Mr. PHELPS. The Committee of Ways and
Means recommend a non-concurrence in that
amendment.
Mr. KEITT. I move to amend by increasing
the appropriation one dollar. The committee will
recollect very well that we have appropriated a
good deal of money for the green-house, and for
purposes connected with it. I am informed by
the manager there that this appropriation is in-
dispensable to carry out the purposes which Con-
gress had in view, and to make it as ornamental
as it was intended to be made. Flowers cannot
be raised there as intended, nor can seed be ob-
tained from it for distribution, unless this appro-
priation be made, because it is necessary to put the
grounds 111a condition to do this. If this be so,
then, I take it for granted that the only question
for the committee is, whether or not they mean
to allow the Mall there to remain just as it is,
or whether, having made appropriations for the
purpose of beautifying and ornamenting these
grounds, they will go on and make the necessary
appropriations. The question is, whether it means
to carry on that which has been already begun,
or does not mean to do it. You have established
two green-houses there. They are not such as
the Government ought to have. In establishing
these gieen-houses, and improving the grounds,
you ought to make them answer all the purposes
for which they were established. I understand
from one at the head there that this appropriation
is absolutely nccessary for this purpose. That
the appropriation will be made some time I have
no doubt; and, from the information I have re-
ceived, 1 understand that if the appropriation be
made now the work will go on better, and be done
cheaper than it will at any other time. The Com-
mittee on Public Buildings and Grounds, to which
this matter was referred, were in favor of it, and
differed from the Committee of Ways and Means;
and they recommend to the committee to concur
in the two amendments of the Senate—this one,
i and the one following. I withdraw my amend-
ment.
Mr. MORGAN. I renew the amendment. If
any gentleman will go down and view these
grounds, I am perfectly satisfied that he will be
willing to vote this appropriation. They wish to
plant trees which must be done at this season of
the year, or be deferred for another year. They
want to seed the ground and get it in proper order.
They also wish to dam up the canal, which now
flows up with every tide, and on receding leaves
the ground bare, and makes it unhealthy, and
very unpleasant at certain portions of the day. I
think that if any gentleman will go in and look
at the ground he will not have the least hesitation
in voting the appropriation. It is not a deficiency,
and the Committee of Ways and Means objected
to it on that account. That is a very serious ob-
jection; but yet, under the circumstances, seeing
that it will require a year to do "all these things,
if not done now, I think the House should -vote
it.
Mr. PHELPS. I desire to oppose the amend-
ment offered by the gentleman from New -York,
and to explain the reason for the action of thp
Committee of Ways and Means. The gentleman
from New York has stated correctly the reason
why the Committee of Ways and Means do not
recommend concurrence in this amendment—ths^t
it is not for a deficiency. The Committee of
Ways and Means are unwilling to put anything
in the bill which is not actually a deficiency. It
is for thiscommittee, however, to doas it pleases.
Mr. MORGAN. I think the Committee of
Ways and Means was perfectly right, but I think,
also, the House ought to concur with the Senate
amendment. I withdraw my amendment.
Mr. HAVEN. I only want to say this: the
chairman of the Committee on Public Buildings
and Grounds came to me before he left here,
pointed out this particular amendment, and told
me he wished me to say to the House for him
that he wished it to take into consideration and
sustain the Senate in its amendment. I am not
aware, on my own part, in relation to it further
than this, that there is great propriety in the
suggestion of the Committee of Waysand M.cans.
But I suppose if we have to make this appropri-
ation, we had better make it now, when it can
be made available. If it is intended to let them
have it at all, better let them have it now. I am
willing to give it to them.
Mr. STANTON. I move to amend by dimin-
ishing the appropriation fifty dollars. It seems
to me that, on the question of deficiency, there
can be no earthly excuse for the appropriation of
money within this District to make up for the
Department exceeding the annual regular appro-
priation. Now, I do not understand 
Mr. PHELPS, (interrupting.) Will the gentle-
man from Ohio yield me the floor for a momenta
I understand that the object of asking this appro-
priation was, that it might be expended between
now and the 1st of July next. If it be not
appropriated now, it will be appropriated in the
annual appropriation bill, and will be expended
next year.
Mr. STANTON. I understand certainly that
that makes it a deficiency. There has been an
estimate for the current year, commencing July
1st, 1855, and ending July 1st, 1856. It is now
proposed to add to this—the annual appropria-
tion—the sum contained in this section to make
it accomplish the objects intended to be accom-
plished by the regular annual appropriation.
Now, I have to say, that I do not believe the
House ought to concur in this practice. The'r®
is no excuse for making deficiencies.
Mr. PHELPS. It is not a deficiency. It is
included in the annual estimates for next fiscal
year; therefore the Committee ofWaysand Means
believe it is not a deficiency. And that is the
reason why they recommended non-concurrence.
The appropriation is only asked to anticipate
the regular appropriation.
Mr. RITCHIE. I just wish to say, in reply
to the gentleman from Ohio, that this is looked
upon as a sanitary measure to protcct us from the
yellow fever, which was at Norfolk last autumn.
1 think it better to have the work done now, than
, to let it stand over till the fever comes here, when
perhaps it may be too late.
Mr. STANTON, by unanimous consent, with-
drew his amendment.
The amendment of the Senate was concurred in.
The Clerk reported the forty-first amendment,
as follows:
For continuing the grading and planting with trees the
unimproved portion.-* of the Mall, $10,000.
Mr. PHELPS. I move pro forma to reduce
the appropriation, for the purpose of explaining
the action of the Committee ofWays and Means
upon this amendment. This is similar to the
appropriation just passed upon by the commit-
tee. It is contained in the annual estimates for
the ensuing fiscal year. It is not a deficiency 
and the Committee of Ways and Means there-
fore recommended a non-concurrenoe jn thp
amendment. The House, however, can act
