1856.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1847
"While the subject is one of great interest to the
claimant, it is of equal interest to the Menomo-
nee Indians, who live in the State which I in part
represent. Theclaim'againstthemis over $40,000.
I hope the subject will be examined fully. I
called on the President this morning:; and as he
took some interest in the matter, he desired me
to say to the chairman of the Committee on Indian
Affairs that he would be pleased to see him on
the subject of the report which I submitted to
him. Some things in it the President did not
understand, and he said he would be pleased to
confer witl^ the chairman of the Committee on
Indian Affairs. I spoke to the chairman, and
he agreed to call on the President in relation to
it.
I have looked into this question as the repre-
sentative of the Indians, because, although not
my constituents strictly, they live m the State
which I in part represent, and 1 was their super-
intendent for eight years. 1 know them to be a
peaceable people. The Senator from Michigan,
[Mr. Cass,] was their superintendent for thir-
teen or fourteen years. Pie knows the character
of these Indians. They have boasted to me that
their hands were never stained with the blood of
the white man.
Mr. CASS. They told me the same thing.
Mr. DODGE. They told the Senator from
Michigan tin.' same thing. When wo wen; in
Double m 1the Menomonec Indians were
called upon by the United States, and came to our
assistance to light the Sacs and Poxes. Having
been their superintendent for eight years, and
being told by their present superintendent that
they objected to this claim in every shape and
form, I deemed it my duty to represent their in-
terests here as far as I could do so, and secure
justice to them. Their original annuity was but
$30,000. The claim is over $40,000; and it will
take two years of their annuities to pay it,
I have nothing to say about Mr. Thompson's
claim. From an examination of the papers, the
facts seemed to be very much mixed up; the sub-
ject ought to be investigated. All I ask of the
Senate now is, that it maybe fairly presented
before thent, and that Mr. Manypenny's answer
to the statement of Mr. Thompson, which I
hold in my hand, may be printed, and the whole
submitted to the consideration of the Senate.
Mr. BRIGHT. I suppose the motion to print
is not properly in order now, the question being
first on taking up the report. It is so near the
expiration of the morning hour that I shall not
embarrass the Senate by pressing this motion. 1
desire to state, however, that to-morrow, during
the morning hour, I shall ask the Senate to take
up and consider this question; but in order that
the minds of Senators may be somewhat directed '
to it I will brieftv state, now, what I understand 1
to b<* the facts of the case. I
Mr. Thompson had a claim against the Me- I
nomonee Indians, which amounted to something :
like ninety thousand dollars. On presenting the j
claim here, and referring it to the proper commit- j
tee, they decided to allow him forty-two orfoity- !
three thousand dollars. The appropriation for !
that amount was made at the, last session by the ;
Senate. When the bill went to the House of ,
Representatives the House added to the provision i
of the Senate a proviso in these words, I think: j
" Provided The assent of the Indians shall be first '
^obtained." That assent lias been obtained in the j
most solemn form. It is here punted, signed
by every chief connected with the tribe, By sumo
mishap m the House the proviso to the bill of
the Semite was not enrolled in the bill. When ;
Mr. Thompson called for his money, the Seere- ,
tary of the Treasury refused to pay it, on the j
ground that the records proved that the proviso |
had parsed, though it had not been incorporated !
into the bill. If 1 am mistaken, the Senator from ]
Georgia can correct me. ,
Mr. TOOMBS. You are right. 1
Mr. BRIGHT. Mr. Thompson did obtain the !
assent of the Indians; but payment was again '
refused. Thus the matter stood when the Sen- !
ate met at this session. The subject was again
present! d, and referred to the Committee on lu- !
dian Affairs. That committee, at an early dav,
made a leport, which I have read, stating that I
they considered no further legislation on the sub- 1
jeet necessary or expedient, and asking to be I
discharged from its consideration. What I in- 1
tended by my motion was, to ask the Senate to
concur in the report of the Committee on Indian
Affairs, who have examined the subject thor-
oughly.
I know there has been a great deal of personal
feeling drawn into this matter. I am aware that
the Commissioner of Indian Affairs has made
statement after statement, which have been pre-
sented here, and replied to by Mr. Thompson.
I have before me his reply—a very full one—to
the communication of the* Commissioner of In-
dian Affairs now in the hand of the Senator from
Wisconsin, [Mr. Dodge,] and if that be printed
I ask that this be printed with it. I consider
it a personal controversy between these parties,
and one with which the Senate has nothing to do.
The simple point in the case is, whether Richard
W. Thompson is entitled to his money? I should
be disposed to characterize the effort that has been
made by the Commissioner of Indian Affairs as
I feel it ought to be characterized, but it would
not be proper to do so here. I will say, how-
ever, that the effort he has made is unpaialleled
in the history of any administrative officer ever
connected with this Government. It is an effort
to blacken the reputation of j\J r. Thompson, who,
I affirm, has a character which will compare, pro-
fessionally, and as a private citizen, with any
man in or out of Congress.
Mr. CLAYTON. So he has.
Mr. BRIGHT. The'Cffort that has been made,
I say, is unparalleled in the history of this Gov-
ernment. I shall not press this matter now; but
1 shall ask the Senate to take it up in the morning,
giving notice to the friends of Mr. Manypenny
that we are prepared to hear his assaults on Mr.
Thompson, and to meet them.
Mr. STUART. I am aware that a great deal
of personal feeling has been thrown into this case; I
but I think I entertain none of it myself. I only
wish to say that I believe I shall, m connection
with others, be able to show that this case has
been submitted to the Indians m accordance with
the law, as it should have been published, and as
it actually passed; that the submission was a full
one; that the a<;ent appointed on the part of the
Government was a man to whom Mi. Thompson
made no objection, but, on the contrary, agreed
was a proper man; that he mado a full statement
to the Indians; and that they unanimously re-
jected the claim.
Mr. BRIGHT. The Senator will allow me to
interrupt him. As I do not wish to trespass on
the time of the Senate by replying to the Senator,
as 1 shall certainly do if he goes on as he has
commenced, I withdraw my motion to take up
the report, with a view to have it considered m
the morning hour to-morrow.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Weller.)
That can only be done by the consent of the Sen-
ator from Michigan, he having the lloor
Mr. STUART. I am not going to argue the
case, but only to say, in order that there may be
no prejudice m the mind of the Senate, that I .shall
be prepared to show from the documents in the
case that the facts are as I .state; and i think other
Senators will be pr< pared to show that the Secre-
tary of the Treasury and the Secretary of the
Interior and the President of the United States
all concur m the opinion that the law of Congress
has been executed, and that Mr. Thompson's
claim has been rejected unanimously by the In-
dians themselves.
Mr. BROWN. I have been for four years on
the Committee on Indian Affairs, where we have
repeatedly investigated tins case. My fnend
from Michigan and myself aie palpably at issue
m reference to the facts; I happr mng to be a mem-
ber of the committee who investigated them, and
knowing what thev are, and he Leathering his
either from cursory examination or heaisay. I
undertake to say that no such evidence, wdl appear
as that to which the Senator alludes.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The morning
hour having expired, the speci.il oidor. being the !
unfinished business of yesterday, will be pro-
ceeded with.
HARBOR OF NEWARK.
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole,
resumed the consideration of the bill (S. No. 10)
to continue the improvements m the harbor of
Newark. New Jersey.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, and ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading.
Mr. CLAY. Is the bill subject to amendment
now ?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
ha? been taken on the engrossment, but the Sen-
ate can reconsider that vote.
Mr. CLAY. I had prepared an amendment to
the bill.
Mr. STUART. The bill isnotopen to amend-
ment, the third reading having been ordered.
Mr. CLAY. Well, sir, 1 suppose it makes no
difference.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair will
receive the amendment, as the bill has not been
read the third time.
Mr. CLAY. I had prepared an amendment
similar to that adopted m other cases, to this ef-
fect: " Provided, That this sum be found sufficient
to complete this improvement, but otherwise no
part of the said sum shall be drawn from the
Treasury." That was the amendment I intended
to offer.
Mr. SEWARD. I will barely say that the
amendment to which the honorable Senator refers,
was an amendment proposed to certain bills con-
cerning harbor improvements in the State of
Michigan, which appropriated definite sums of
money to complete the harbors in question. This
bill is a mere appropriation of money to continue
the harbor, not to complete it. Therefore the
reasons for which we assented to the application
of the amendment in the other case fails in this.
No one pretends that this appropriation will com-
plete the work.
The I*RESIDING OFFICER. Does the Sena-
tor from Alabama move his amendment.
Mr. CLAY. Yes, sir, I shall offer it.
Mr. WRIGHT. The estimate for the improve-
ment of this harbor, founded on actual survey, is
$40,000. Ten thousand dollars have already been
expended, and'$25,000 are proposed to be appro-
priated by the present bill to continue the work.
This, with the former appropriation, will lack
$5,000 of the necessary amount for the comple-
tion of the woik. If the appropriation were in-
creased $5,000. the amendment would be proper.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The amend-
ment of the Senator from Alabama is—
ProvideJ, Tli.u the Mim heieby appropriated be deemed
suili'-icnt to complete the said improvement.
The amendment was rejected.
The bill was read the third time and passed.
HARBOR OF CONJYEAUT.
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole,
proceeded to consider the bill (S. No. 15) to con-
tinue the improvement of the harbor of Conneaut,
Ohio, which proposes to appropriate $11,500.
Mr. BIGGS. 1 desire to inquire of the Senator
from Ohio, who I suppose can gi\e me the in-
formation, as this bill proposes to be a continua-
tion of the work, how much has been estimated
by the engineer bureau for the completion of the
work'1 The' bill which we have just passed was
for continuing an improvement, and was within
$5,000 of the. amount of the estimate for lis com-
pletion. I should like to know how much is
estimated for the completion of this work? The
bill does not protend to be for its completion, but
its continuation.
Mr. WADE. We have now reached the Ohio
bills for harbors on Lake Erie. They are all old
harbors, which have been in existence for thirty
years or more, and I will say here that they are
of the greatest importance to the navigation of the
lake. Of that I suppose there can be no doubt.
All of them are important as harbors of refuge,
and many of them of commercial importance.
I do not know that the engineer who has in-
vestigated this subject has estimated what will
be the cost of completing these harbors; the bills
aic only to keep them in repair. I do not know
that it is contemplated to extend them any further
than they are; but it is a Ion? time since any
appropriations were made sufficient to put them
!'in perfect repair. When that is done, they will
probably want no further appropriation until
they are out of repair. In that respect, they
are like everything else of human construction.
They were not built originally on as permanent
a plan as they ought to have been, perhaps; but
the sums appropriated for all these harbors on
Lake Erie are very moderate. They are small
