i8§e:]
AI^ndix to vm cmammmkL atom;
m
34th Cong.... 1st Sess.
Our Relations with England—Mr. Brown.
Senate.
able." Mr. President, can his lordship be serious ?
Does he really mean to take the ground that the
British Clueen has an "incontestable" right to
violate our laws at her pleasure ? If he does not
mean that, his declaration is without meaning;
for, with a fall knowledge of what the law is, he
states a case palpably in the very teeth of the
law, and then asserts that her Majesty's Govern-
ment had an incontestable right to act as they did.
Her Majesty's Government appointed a place for
thefn to assemble. Were they to go for nothing ?
Were they to go for the mere love of fighting; or
were they to go because they had been hired or
retained ? I will not insult the common sense of
mankind by arguing a proposition so plain as that
these men were not expected to enlist without
pay. If they went for pay, the law was violated,
ana Lord Clarendon knew it.
But, sir, his lordship says thai he issued "strin-
gent instructions not to violate the law," that is
to say, his lordship told his servants to go upon
his neighbor's premises, cut down and carry away
his timber without leave and against his instruc-
tions, but to be very cautious not to commit tres-
pass. Why, sir, in the very act of obeying the
orders, he must necessarily commit trespass. In
the vejy act of obeying the orders of the British
Government, its agents were necessarily com-
pelled to violate our laws. How could they es-
tablish, as they confessedly have done, & rendez-
vous in Nova Scotia, or in Canada, for the express
purpose of drawing recruits from this country,
for the purpose of hiring men to go there, with the
intention of enlisting in her Majesty's service,
without violating the law—without violating that
clause of our law which says, that if any man
shall be hired or retained to leave the United States
with the intention of being enlisted, the person so
hiring, &c., shall be guuty of a misdemeanor.
His lordship admits that many acts were done
which were undoubted violations of the law, but
he denies the authority of the persons who did
these acts. I will use nis own language:
" Her Majesty's Government do not deny that the acts
ana advertisements of these self-constituted and unauthor-
ized agents were, in many instances, undoubted violations
of the law of the United States; but such persons had no
authority whatever for their proceedings from any British
agents, by all of whom they were promptly and unequiv-
ocally disavowed."
We shall see, as we proceed, how much of
this statement is according to the record. On
Hertz's trial, it was shown that many of her Maj-
esty's officers were not only cognizant of these
acts and advertisements, but actually aided and
abetted in them. Lord Clarendon calls them
" unauthorized and self-constituted agents " in
all they did. The truth will be clearly seen when
I come to examine the evidence in Hertz's case,
as I propose to do.
His lordship, in the dispatch from which I last
read, next proceeds to vindicate Sir Gaspard Le
Marchant, the Lieutenant Governor of Nova
Scotia, against all suspicion of intending to violate
the laws of the United States, though he admits
that he did issue a proclamation, which was sub-
sequently posted in Philadelphia, and perhaps in
other cities of the Union, with the view of raising
recruits in this country. The attempt at this
point to fasten the responsibility on unauthorized
agents, and to work Sir Gaspard out of the diffi-
culty, is, I think, to say the least of it, unmanly.
But his effort further along to shield himself and
his Nova Scotia protege behind Judge Kane, the
distinguished jurist who presided on the trial of
Hertz, is almost childish. He says:
" With tespeet to the proclamation by the Lieutenant
Governor of Nova Scotia, inclosed in Mr. Buchanan's note,
rhe undersigned can assure Mr. Buchanan, with reference
both to the character of Si* Gaspard he Marchant and to the
WMruetiona lie received, as well as to bis correspondence
on these instructions, that that officer is quite incapable of
intentionally acting against the law of the United States;
and m proof that he did not in faet do so, the undersigned
beg  leave to refer Mr. Buchanan to the legal decisionalven
on the particular poiat adverted to by Mr. Buchanan, by
Judge Kane, on the 23d of May last, in the United States
circuit court at Philadelphia. The judge says: ' Jdo not
' think lhatihe paymentof Me pottage from this country of a
'num. who desires to enlist ut a foreign port comes within tha
'act.' [The neutrality act af 1$13.| ' In the terms of the
' printed proclamation there is nothing conflicting with the
' laws of the United States. A person may go abroad, pro-
' vided the enlistment be in a foreign plaice, not having
'acceptedand exerciseila commission. There it mrneevi-
'dew* in he did hire and.retain, and, there- I
'fore* his ease Would have to be «uhraiH£d>to a jury. In 1
' Perkin'scase there was testimony upon which a jury might
'convict. In Bucknell's case it appears that there was a
• conversation at which he was present, but there was no
' enlistment, or hiring, or retaining. The conversation
'related as to the practicability of persons going to Nova
' Scotia to enlist. If the rule X have laid down he correct,
' then the evidence does not connect him with the misde-
'meanor.' 'Mr. Bucknell is, therefore, discharged, and
'Messrs. Perkins and Hertz are remanded to take their
'trial.'"
Hertz was held to trial and was afterwards
tried and convicted, and yet Lord Clarendon
quotes Judge Kane as authority that Sir Gaspard
Le Marchant did not in fact violate the law by
procuring the enlistment of men in the United
States through Hertz's agency; for it will be borne
in mind that he was but the agent of the Lieu-
tenant Governor of Nova Scotia in all thathe did.
Lord Clarendon continues:'
" As regards the proceedings of her Majesty's Govern-
ment, the undersigned has the honorto inform Mr. Buchan-
an that Mr. Crampton was directed to issue strict orders to
British consuls in the United States to he careful not to rto-
late the law, and Mr. Crampton was enjoined above alt, to
have no concealment from the Government of the Umtei
States."
"Not. to violate the law!" And it is main-
tained that the law has not been violated ! And
this in the face and teeth of the fact that one of
the parties (Hertz) had been arrested, indicted,
and convicted, and would have been punished
but for a pardon. He was tried and convicted
before the very judg« whose authority is quoted
to show that there had been no violation ef the
law! Now let us see what were the actings and
doings in this case.
_ I hold in my hand a copy of the proceedings in
Hertz's trial; and, at the risk of being a little
tedious, I must read sbme extracts from the testi-
mony of the principal witness, Strobel, premising
that he is shown throughout the whole proceed-
ing to have been the companion and the guest,
not only of Sir Gaspard Le Marchant, but of Sir
Edmund Head, the Governor General of Canada,
and of Mr. Crampton himself. The intimacy,
the daily association between the parties, exclude
the idea that he was not a gentleman. The man
wh<* but a little while before was taJcen into the
families of these distinguished British function-
aries, feasted by them, wined by them, sheltered
by them, and taken to their bosoms as a com-
panion, is not to be shuffled off and "whistled
down the wind" as an unworthy personage when
he comes to tell the truth under the solemn obliga-
tions of an oath. All attempts, therefore, to dis-
credit this witness must necessarily fall to the
ground, at least until these gentlemen can show
something that has transpired after they were
dining, wining, sheltering, and associating with
Strobel. Previous to the time when he gave this
testimony, he was a gentleman; what has trans-
pired since to invalidate his testimony? Nothing.
No attempt has been made to prove nim unwor-
thy of credit. What did he say? After relating
a great many other things, he said:
"A few days afterwards, I suppose on the 28th of Feb-
ruary, J received a letter from Mr. Crampton.
" Question. Is this the letter?
"Answer. Yes, sir.
" Q. And this the envelope in which it was inclosed?
" Ji. Yes, sir.
" The letter was here read in evidence, as follows:
washikbton, February 14, is55.
' siaWith reference to our late conversation, I am
now able to give you more precise information in regard to
the subject to whichdlt related.
"' I remain, sir, your obedient servant,
„ „ w „ '"JOHN P. CRAMPTON.
"' Mr. Max Strobel.
" After receiving this letter, I went to see Mr. Crampton
next morning; Mr. Crampton told me thathe had received
letters from home, and that he was willing now to raise men
nere in the jurisdiction of the United States for a British
foreign legion, which should be established either in Nova
Scotia or in Canada.
" Q. Did he use the words' within the jurisdiction of the
United States."
"■A. Yes, within the jurisdiction of the United States.
" Q. He used those precise words, did he ?
" -i. Yea, sir; but he was not sure at that time wheeler
the main depot Bhould lie at Halifax or in Canada, and he
was obliged to make arrangements with the Governor Gen-
eral of Canada. At the very same time he gave' me aletter of
introduction to the British consul in New York, Mr. Bar-
clay, in which he states, that I am already acquainted with
this matter, and that Mr. Barclay might receive me and
talk, with me about this subject, and that I shouid make
preparations in New York for getting men. He told me at
the very same time he would send a messenger to the Gov-
ernor General of Canada. I wieat to New York and deliv.
•red my letter to Mr. B&rftaf.
"<l. What wasthte messenger aent for?
To arrange matters about a-depot, or place where
we could send these men whom we got here ia the States."
At another point of his testimony, I find this:
" Q- In consequence of what Dr. Biell told you, state
what you did ?
" A. I went-tQ Herts, and bad a eonveisationwith Hertz
about this matter.
" Q. Where was he ?
" A, He was in his office, Np. 66 South Third street, op-
posite the Exchange. I saw, then, Mr. Hertz, and from
that time (-nine o'cloefc, a. m.) I was with Mr. Hertz tUl
three, p. m., where, in pursuance of the advertisements,
men came and wrote their names down on a book, and
agreed to enter the foreign legion at Halifax.
" Q. Have you ever seen a bill tiice this?
"Jl. I have seen this band-bill.
" ft. Where?
" A. In Mr. Hert2*s office.
"The bill was here read in evidence. It retdraa fol-
lows. "
The bill here alluded to is the proclamation of
Sir Gaspard.
Mark the language of this proclamation, and
see if it does not bear on its face internal evidence
that it was meant for circulation in the United
States?
Men Wanted for her Majsjtt's Sir?ic*.
(Arms of Great Britain, with mottoes.)
Provincial Secretary's OrpicE,
Halifax, Nova Scotia, March 15,1855.
i *viet,tenant Governor of Nova Scotia having been
employed to embody a foreign legion, and to raise British
regiments for service m the provinces or abroad, notice ia
hereby given, that all able-bodied men, between the ages
of nineteen and forty, on applying at the depot at Haliflx,
will receive a bounty of £6 sterling, equal to $30, and on
being enrolled will receive $8 per month, with the cloth-
ing, quarters, and other advantages to which British soldiers
are entitled.
Preference will be given to men who have already seen
service.
The period of enlistment will be from three to live years,
at the option of the British Government.
Officers who have served will be eligible for commissions.
Gentlemen who wish to come into the province vrtll please
lodge their names, rank, date of service, itc., at the office.
Persons who serve in the foreign legion will, on the ex-
piration of their term, be entitled to a free passage to
America, or to the country of their birth.
Pensions or gratuities for distinguished services in the
field will be given*
Nova Scotiajj and other shipmasters, who may bring into
this province poor men willing to serve her Majesty, will
be entitled to receive the cost of a passage for each man
shipped from Philadelphia, New York, or xfoston.
By command,
LEWfS M. WULKINS, Provincial S<cre£arjr.
That is Sir Gaspard Le Marchant's proclama-
tion, sent out from Nova. Scotia, signed by that
Secretary of that province, posted up in the ftbreeUi
of Philadelphia, notifying' those who should carry
men from this country that their passage-money
would be paid by the British Government. Now,
sir, can there be any doubt, that it was intended
by this proclamation to draw men from the Unii
ted States ? Then by what authority does Lord
Clarendon pretend to assume that Sir Gaspard
did not mean to violate the laws of the United
States, if he issued a proclamation—*nnd here is
the paper—and had it sent to Philadelphia and"
other cities, and ppsted up, saying that the Brit-
ish Government would pay the expense of men
from New York, Philadelphia, and Boston to
Halifax? Was it not done with the intention and
expectation of drawing men from these points?
If he intended to get men in New York, Boston,
and Philadelphia, did he not mean to violate that
provision of our law whieh forbids men being-
hired or retained to leave this country with tha
intention of enlisting in the service of a. foreign
State ? It seems to me that' the proof on this point
is conclusive; but still the agents were told not to
violate the law"! That assertion presents itself
through the whole of the correspondence. Every
time the British Government is brought to a sharp
corner in this correspondence, you may feel-sure
that, as soon as you turn around, you will see it
written, " Dp not violate the law;" bat at tha
very time the Government were telling their agents,
not to violate the law they were giving them in~
structions which they knew could pot be obeyed
without violating the law.
. Mr. HALE, Will the Senator allow me tQ
interrupt him at this point ?
Mr. BROWN. Certainly;
Mr. HALE. I think the Senator is arguing
this case under a misapprehension, and I wish to
put him right, I desire to ask him whether he
understands it to b* agaiast th* law to leave the,
