1848
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 31,
appropriations. I hold in my hand the estimate
ot the Department for this and all other appro-
priations in Ohio. The bill is in exact accord-
ance with the recommendations and estimates of
the Department. I have before me a synopsis
of a very elaborate report made to the House of
Representatives from the Committee on Com-
merce of that body, but -which, I believe, has not
yet been printed, showing the commercial im-
portance of these harbors, and also of the com-
merce of the lakes. It is a very interesting doc-
ument, and will astonish persons not acquainted
with the business of those lakes. It is almost
impossible for gentlemen not conversant with the
lake commcrce to realize its great importance and
vast extent.
Mr. BIGGS. The Senator from Ohio will
indulge mc for directing his attention to the point
Oil which I desired to be informed. I understand
that this is an appropriation lor continuing a har-
bor, and that there are no estimates for its com-
pletion.
Mr. WADE. I suppose so.
Mr. BIGGS. I want to know on what principle
the committee act in 'appropriating $11,500 for
this particular harbor, and on what estimates
they relied in supposing that this sum would
accomplish the purpose of improving the harbor?
Mr. WADE, t will hand the book to the
Secretary to read the estimate, for he will read it
much better than 1 can. It is an estimate of the De-
partment made this year; it is not so minute as the
estimate and report made last year, but it contains,
I think, all that the Senator from North Carolina
wishes to know. I did not rise with any intention
to make an argument on this subject, it us an old
subject, andl presume the majority of the Senate
have made up their minds m regard to it. If the
subject were new it would be exceedingly inter-
esting, and it would be proper for us to investi-
gate it minutely; but as 1 ask for no new appro-
priation and for no new work, 1 .suppose it is not
necessary to go elaborately into the matter. I
believe that from the reading of the document the
Senator will sec that the estimate is to complete
the works. I do not know but that they are com-
plete in themselves. 1 do not know that it is
ever intended to extend them further into the
lake. Probably they will answer all the purposes
required when they arc put m permanent form;
but as they are constructed of wood and not
stone, in the cour.se of years they become dam-
aged. They are now so much out of repair that
an appropriation is necessary to put them in good
condition. The object of these appi opriations is
to repair them. Let the Secretary read that
portion of the report which I have marked.
The Secretary read as follows:
Office of Gknkral Sui'kuhviwvjjcnt ok Prnue Works,
ohio, september 30, j^.35.
Coi,oN*r.L: I hiwo the h<>nor to ti.uiMiut to the bureau of
topographical engineers «i lvpoit upon the *ute ot the
haihor.-i upon Luke Ene, withm tlie dMiiet undci my eaie,
lor (lie > ear ending September M, l&V),
The number of these haihnrs lime; viz: Conneant,
Ashtabula, Giand river, Cleveland, Black river, JIuion,
Sandusky,and Montoe : extending trom the eastern bound-
ary of the State of Ohio to the mouth ot the river Lluitan, m
the State of Michigan.
The appropriations made for these woiks in 1H52 having,
for the imibi purl, been evhauMed during the year 1354,
active opeiations have been eonfined, the pie-sent season,
to the completion of the west pier of the hoibor of Cleve-
land.
My annua! report, of last year, embraced so fully all the
details i expecting each of tin; woik^that little remains tins
season except to jeeapitulate the substance of what was
Then said. I 'pon an >n>peeuon made lot the puipo.->e, it was
inund that the works remained veiy much m the condition
tluy ueie m when that icpoit was made, and I have seen
no reason to matenaliy change eithei the estimates or the
recommendation-. I had then the honor to Mihuut.
Harbor of Conneaut.—Since my la-^t report, the plank-
ing and filling of the western pier ha-* been completed, and
the harboi, ^o far as the present piers e.uend, is in an ex-
cellent state of repair, with newn-less than nine, and gen-
erally ten leet « f watei, afiording a valuable haibor of reiuge
lor the navigation ot the lake. * * * *
HOWARD STANSTUTRV,
Capiuin (JoTjn Topographical Kn^inecys,
General Superintendent.
Colonel J. J. Ablet,
Chief of Corps Topographical Engineers.
Mr. WADE, i suppose that is all the Sena-
tor wishes to know about the estimate ?
Mr BIGGS, i suppose that is all that is ne-
cessary. My purpose m drawing1 the attention
of the Senate to the matter was, to see upon -what
principle these appropriations are being made.
We act upon one principle m ono bill, and a
different principle in another bill. Some of these
bills which have been passed by tlie Senate were
on estimates made by the Department to three
times the amount appropriated; others were less
than the amount of the estimates; and others were
greater than the amount of the estimates. It seems
to me that we have had no uniform rule at all in
making these appropriations. If the estimates
of the engineerdepartment are to be disregarded
and repudiated m one set of improvements, why
not in another ? "We had an estimate of $160,000
for one harbor; and we passed a bill appropria-
ting $50,000 for completing that harbor. We had
an estimate from the Department of $10,000, in
one case, as being all that was necessary, and the
committee reported a bill appropriating $20,000.
Mr. WADE. I preparea these bills for Ohio,
and had them referred to the committee. I had be-
fore mo, in every instance, the recommendation
of the Department, and drew the bills in accord-
ance with it, and I believe the committee have
in no respect altered them. 1 think they are in
exact accordance with the recommendations and
estimates. Indeed, I did not suppose I could
alter them if I would. They are the lights and
guides by which I profess to go in these matters.
I expect nothing more, and I hope we shall get
nothing less, than what the Department thinks
is right and proper.
Mr. BIGGS. That was the very purpose
which I had in calling for this information. I
wanted to show that the committee, so far as I
could judge from the investigations made here m
the Senate, and from the reports and estimates
which have been read, had not acted on any uni-
form principle in recommending these river and
harbor appropriations. If they laid down any
rule by which they would be governed—any rule
by which they would square their action, we
i might rely on their recommendations. Surely
! we should have some certain and uniform rule.
' One gentleman who has charge of the appropri-
! ations for harbor improvements in the State of
I Michigan, cutertnms the opinion, that m that
State the estimates made by the engineer depart-
ment may be repudiated, and a different system
adopted from that which has been pursued by
the Government in making these improvements,
so far as I understand; that is, to make them
under the direction of the engineer department,
lie adopts, m the bills which he reports, the eon-
tract system, and reduces the estimates of the
Department two thirds, in some instances. In
another case, which we passed the day before
yesterday, the estimates of the Department were
only $10,000, and a bill was reported appropria-
ting $20,000 for completing that improvement
which the Department estimated would cost
$10,000. Now, we have a batch of appropria-
tions reported for Lake Erie, in which the com-
mittee, as I understand, confine themselves strictly
to the estimates made by the engineer depart-
ment.
My purpose in calling attention to this point
was to show that the Committee on Commerce
have acted on no uniform principle m these
appropriations, but have adopted the opinion of
the individual members from the different loca-
tions wheie these improvements are to be made.
The committee have adopted their opinion in
every instance, although the result has been an
inconsistency, as it seems to me, in the rule of
action by which the Senate is to be governed in
making the appropriations. This verifies, 1 re-
spectfully submit, what has been said in the
j course of tlie debate on these improvements, that!
; the Committer-* on Commerce have adopted the
j individual opinions of the gentlemen who mtro-
j dueed these bills, whether they wt'ie consistent
' and uniform or otherwise; and that the public
money was to be appropriated, and the Commit-
tee on Commerce have recommended the bills
according to the suggestions of individual mem-
bers having charge of these appropriations.
Mr. CLAY. I want to call attention to a
■ strange discrepancy in the recommendations for
' the improvement m this harbor in 1^53 and 1855.
The Senator from Ohio read from the report of
1855, in which the recommendation is "'for ex-
tending of the piers at Conneaut harbor three
hundred feet, £.11,554 81. The report of 1653
for the same work, to extend the piers three hun-
dred feet, estimates $9,11:27 50. There is a differ-
ence of £1,597 31 between these two sums. It
seems that three years ago, it was supposed this
work could be done for $1,597 less than is now
required, yet in both reports I find a reference
to the estimates of the same agent, Mr. Potter,
for authority. It appears that the demands grow
with succeeding years; for here,in each case,the
estimate is for the very same work.
Mr. WADE. I did not know there was any
discrepancy between the estimates; but I think
I can see why there might well be. At Conneaut
harbor, one of the piers leading to the light-house
was nearly carried away and destroyed, a few
years ago, perhaps shortly after the  time when
the first report, to which the Senator refers, wag
made. As nothing has since been appropriated
to repair it, I have no doubt the injury has become
more extensive, and of course it will be more
expensive to repair it; and hence the estimate is
larger in the latter than in the former report. I
presume that is the reason why there is a discrep-
ancy. I have no doubt the first estimate was
accurate at the period it was made, as was the
last, because by that time the injury became more
extensive.
Mr. CLAY. Eut the Senate will observe that
this amount is asked for the single work of ex-
tending the piers three hundred feet. It is for
no other improvement. It does not represent
that the estimate is for repairs, but for extending
the piers three hundred feet. In one instance I
find, by the report of the same agent, he asks for
$9,927, and now $11,524. I do' not understand
this discrepancy. It certainly is not explained
in these reports. I move this amendment:
Provided, Tho said sum he found sufficient to complete
the stud woik, and othei wise no part of said sum shall bo
drawn from the Treasuiy.
If the sum is to grow every succeeding year at
the rate of $1,500 per annum, it is very import-
ant to know it.
Mr. WADE. The estimate does not purport
to be for the completion of the work. It was
not made on any hypothesis that this amount
would complete the work. Nor do I know that
there will ever be a time when these harbors will
be so far completed that they may be neglected.
I hope the amendment will not be adopted.
Mr. CLAY. It is manifest that this appropria-
tion is only asked for the single work of extend-
ing the piers three hundred feet. That is what
the estimates say, both in 1853 and 1855. Tho
one estimate asks for over $9,000, and the other
for over $11,000. I ask for the yeas and nays on
the amendment.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
The amendment was rejected.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, and was read the third time.
Mr. CLAY. I call for the yeas and nays on
the passage of the bill.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I desire to say
that 1 have paired oil with the Senator from Vir-
ginia, [Mr. Mas>on,] who is prevented from being
here by indisposition.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 28, nays 11; as follows:
YEAS — Messrs. Bell of New Hampshire, Bell of Ten-
nc^ee, Benjamin, Cass, Clayton, Collamer, Ciiuenden,
Dodge, Durkee, Fessenden/Fish, Foot, Fo&tei, (ieyer,
Ilailan, James, Johuson, Jones of Iowa, Pcarce, i'ratt,
I'ngh, howard, Stuart, Thomson of New Jersey, Trumbull,
Wade, Wilson, arid Wright—'2$.
NAY'S — Me&srs. Biggs, Brown. Butler, Clay, Houston,
Hunter, Ivcison, Malioiy, Reid, Toombs, and Weller—11.
So the bill was passed.
HURON HARBOR.
The Senate next proceeded, as in Committee
of the Whole, to consider the bill (S. No. 16) to
contmucthc improvement oftheharbor of Huron,
Ohio, The proposed appropriation for this pur-
pose is $13,500.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading,and read the third ime. On the question,
" Shall the bill pass ?"
Mr. CLAY called for the yeas and nays; and
they were ordered; and being taken, resulted—
yeas 24, nays 12; as follows:
YIjAS — Messrs. Benjamin, Cass, Clayton, Collamer,
Do'!-_rc, Purkee, Fcsscnden, Fish, Foot, Foster, Geyer,
Ihsrlan, James, John^n, Jones ot Iowa, Pratt, Pugh, Se-
h.i-tian, Sevvanl, Stuait, Tiumt-utl, Wade, Wilson, and
Wtii,iit—24.
NAYS —Messrs. Riggs, Bright, Brown, Butler, Clay,
