1856.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE*
239
34th Cong....1st Sess.
Our Relations with England~-Mr. Brown.
Senate.
Hertz was the defendant, being charged by the United
States Government Willi certain breaches of the law set
forth in the indictment. One peculiarity of the indictment
is, that u is intelligible." [a laugh.]
Such is the authority of the leading commoner,
(Mr. Roebuck.) Other members spoke to the
same effect.
But let us return to the dispatch of the 16th of
July. In this dispatch the Earl of Clarendon
assures Mr. Buchanan of the cordial good will of
the British Government towards the United States.
I wish to be just, I wish to deal fairly with these
parties, and therefore state that this dispatch does
express a cordial good will on the part of the
British Government towards the United States.
If the sincerity of these assurances had been at-
tested by the conduct of the British functionaries
in the United States, there would have been no
further difficulty after the] date of this dispatch;
but that they were not so attested, and that they
were not in fact sincere, is abundantly proven at
every step as we advance in the investigation of
the case.
On the 18th of July, Mr. Buchanan acknowl-
edged the receipt of Lord Clarendon's note of
the 16th, and assured him of " the satisfaction
he would have in transmitting a copy of it to the
Secretary of State by the next steamer." This
note is that which has so conspicuously figured
ever since as an accepted apology and satisfac-
tion for all that has been done. It is not an apol-
ogy, and was not so accepted. It fell short of this
point. If, however, it had been written in good
faith, and its sentiments faithfully carried out in
the subsequent negotiations, it would have led to
a satisfactory conclusion. It may well be doubted
whether the assurances contained in this note
were given in good faith. It is perfectly certain
that they were not faithfully carried out.
[In consequence of temporary indisposition,
the honorable Senator was unable to proceed
further on Tuesday; to-day (March 13) he con-
cluded his speech as follows:]
On the 5th of September, when the evidence
had so accumulated as to force conviction on the
reluctant mind of Mr. Marcy, that the Minister,
(Mr. Crampton,) and many others high in British
confidence, had taken active and efficient parts in
the business of recruiting for her Majesty's army,
he departed from the beaten track of diplomacy,
and addressed himself directly to the British En-
voy. In that letter he says:
" The information which has been laid before the President
has convinced him that the proceedings resorted to for the
purpose of drawing recruits from this country for the British
army, have been instigated and carried on by the active
agency of British officers, and that their participation
therein has involved them in the double offense of infringing
our laws, and violating our sovereign territorial rights."
This was an open and direct accusation based
on testimony, it accuses British officers of the
double offense of infringing our laws, and viola-
ting our sovereign territorial rights.
Nor does the Secretary leave it in doubt as to
who are the offending parties. He says to Mr.
Crampton:
"The President perceives with much regret that the dis-
closures implicate you in these proceedings." * * *
" The information in his possession does not allow him to
doubt that yourself, as well as the Lieutenant Governor of
Nova Scotia, and several civil and military officers of the
British Government of rank in the provinces, were instru-
mental in getting on foot this scheme of enlistment; have
offered inducements to agents to embark in it, and approved
of the arrangements for carrying it out, which embraced
various recruiting establishments in different cities of the
United States."
Here is a direct and specific charge made against
Mr. Crampton, that he was implicated in these
transactions, and that, in the judgment of our
Government, they were flagrant outrages on our
law, and direct insults offered to our sovereignty.
How does Mr. Crampton meet this grave and
direct charge? Does he come forward with a
bold and manly denial? Does he exhibit that
calm resentment which conscious innocence al-
ways shows? No, sir, no; but two days after,
on the 7th of September, he addresses a brief
note to Mr. Marcy—not to deny the charge, not
to resent an unjust imputation, not to palliate an
acknowledged wrong; oh, no! not for any of
these purposes; but to inform Mr. Marcy that—
" I have thought it expedient to defer replying at length
to your present communication, until I shall have been
more fully put into possession of the views of her Majesty's
Government, in regard to all the matters to which it re-
lates."
" The views of her Majesty's Government!"
If he had, to use Lord Clarendon's own words,
"stringent instructions not to violate our laws,
or territorial rights," and was conscious of hav-
ing obeyed those instructions—if, as his lordship
has undertaken to prove for him, he had violated
no law—why did he not say so ? What need
was there, in that case, for the views of her Ma-
jesty's Government?
I suspect that Mr. Crampton's dispatch to Lord
Clarendon, calling for " the views of her Ma-
jesty's Government," runs something after this
fashion: " I have" been trying to obey your lord-
ship's orders; I have been trying to evade the
laws of the United States—violating them while
I seemed to respect them; I have got myself in a
scrape; the Yankees have caught me; old Marcy
has me fairly treed; and I will thank your lord-
ship to tell me what I am to do."
Well, sir, the next thing we have is arrogance
and insolence, after the true John-Bull style:
" The undersigned, her Britannic Majesty's Principal
Secretary of State for Foreign Affairs, has the honor to ad-
dress a note to Mr. Buchanan, Envoy Extraordinary and
Minister Plenipotentiary to her Majesty's Court."
Such is the pompous prelude to a note bearing
date September 27, 1855.
In this note Lord Clarendon adverts to Mr.
Marcy's charge that our sovereign territorial
rights had been violated by British officers, and
coolly says:
" Her Majesty's Government have no reason to believe
that such has been the conduct of any persons in the em-
ployment of her Majesty."
And again:
" Her Majesty's Government feel confident that even the
extraordinary measures which have been adopted in various
parts of the Union to obtain evidence against her Majesty's
servants, or their agents, by practices sometimes resorted
to under despotic institutions, but which are disdained by
all free and enlightened Governments, will fail to establish
any well-founded charge against her Majesty's servants."
The plain English of this is, that our President
and Secretary of State do not understand who
they are talking about. Her Majesty's servants
are above suspicion. Though a republican court
has resorted to despotic means for the purpose of
fastening charges against them, they have passed
the fiery ordeal unscathed—the charge rebounds
and knocks the accuser over.
I confess, Mr. President, that this language
stirs my American blood. When a British Sec-
retary so far forgets the proprieties of his posi-
tion and the respect due to our country as to
charge that our Government has been " resorting
to extraordinary and despotic measures, such as
are discarded in free and enlightened countries,
for the purpose of obtaining evidence against her
Majesty's servants," I am not willing to stop
with Mr. Buchanan, and say " the language is
offensiveI go further, and say it is insolent, and
ought to be resented.
Lord Clarendon, instead of excusing the conduct
of Mr. Crampton and his confederates, or tender-
ing an apology for their violation of the " strin-
gent instructions" given them by her Majesty's
Government, or in some other way offering rep-
aration for the wrong done to our laws ana sov-
ereignty, proceeds to arraign the United States
on charges of duplicity and bad faith He says:
" The United States profess neutrality in the present war
between the western Powers and Bussia; but have no acts
been done within the United States, by citizens thereof,
which accord little with the spirit of neutrality? Have not
arms and ammunition, and warlike stores of various kinds
been sent in large quantities from the United States for the
service of Russia ? Have not plots been openly avowed,
and conspiracies entered into without disguise or hindrance
in various parts of the Union, to take advantage of the war
in which Great Britain ?" &c.
These and other insinuations are freely in-
dulged in. " Have not arm6 and ammunition
and warlike stores of various kinds," asks his
lordship, "been sent in large quantities from the
United States for the service of Russia?" Yes,
sir, doubtless this is true. Our people sell where-
ever they can find a customer; and I daresay, if
England had needed "arms and ammunition
and warlike stores " our merchants would have
supplied her as readily as they supplied Russia.
How many thousand barrels of pork, flour,
and beans have England and France bought in
the United States for the use of their armies ?—and
yet Russia has not complained. These articles
are not arms or ammunition, but they are stores
just as essential to the success of an army as
powder and ball. How many of our ships have
the Allies chartered to transport their armies and
their warlike stores?—and yet Russia has never
charged us with bad faith or double-dealing.
This is a complaint based on nothing, and is dic-
tated by no sense of national wrong. It results
from a fretful spirit, lashed to anger because ex-
cuses cannot be found to justify that which is
not justifiable. That, I think, is the whole story
on this point of the controversy. Men are very
apt to lose their temper .when in discussion they
are driven to the wall; and when Lord Clarendon
could no longer answer the statesman-like notes
of Mr. Buchanan and Mr. Marcy, he lost his
temper and became childish—in fact, almost wo-
manish.
There are other parts of this letter that are
highly offensive, but I pass them by without no-
tice.
On the 18th of October, 1855, Secretary Marcy
replied to this extraordinary note of Lord Claren-
don through Mr. Buchanan. The letter is a
frank and manly review of his Lordship's carping
and—I had almost said silly—complaints against
our Government. After effectually disposing of
every point, and dissipating every argument pro-
duced by the British Secretary, Mr. Marcy con-
cludes by saying that—
" Supported as this Government is in the charge made
against British officers and agents, of having infringed our
laws and violated our sovereign territorial rights, and being
able to sustain that charge by competent proof, the President
would fail in due respect for the national character of the
United States, and in his duty to maintain it, if he did not
decline to accept, as a satisfaction for the wrongs com-
plained of. Lord Clarendon's assurance that these officials
were enjoined a strict observance of our laws, and that he
does not believe that any of them have disregarded the injunc-
tion.
" This Government believes, and has abundant proof to
warrant its belief, thatjier Britannic Majesty's officers and
agents have transgressed our laws and disregarded our rights,
and that its solemn duty requires that it should vindicate
both by insisting upon a proper satisfaction. The President
indulges the hope that this demand for redress will be
deemed reasonable, and will be acceded to by her Britannic
Majesty's Government."
Our Government—very properly, I think—
declined to receive an apology for an offense
committed by a servant, when the master takes
it upon himself to say, " Notwithstanding your
declaration that you have the proof, I do not be-
lieve a word of it."
" This Government has indicated the satisfaction which
it believes it has a right to claim from the British Govern-
ment in my dispatch to you of the 15th of July last."
In the dispatch of the 15th of July, Mr. Marcy
informs Mr. Buchanan that notwithstanding Lord
Clarendon's assurances, given in his note of the
12th of April, 1855, " the scheme" of enlistment
is not abandoned, " but is continued down to this
: time, and is prosecuted with more vigor and effect
than at any previous period." He adds:
" Since that time many months have elapsed, and the
British officers, with a full knowledge of the illegality of
the procedure and of its offensive character to the Govern-
ment and people of the United States, as an open contempt
of their sovereign rights, persist in carrying on this obnox-
ious scheme without any open disapproval by the Home
Government, or any attempt to arrest it."
These are important facts in the consideration
of this question. At the date of this dispatch, it
will be perceived, Mr. Marcy was still complain-
ing that notwithstanding our remonstrances, the
offensive conduct of the British agents was yet
carried on in open contempt of our laws and of
our sovereign territorial rights. He directly
charges that no effort had been made by the Brit-
ish Government to arrest it. Was I not right
I when I expressed some doubts as to whether
I Lord Clarendon's note of July 16 was dictated
1 in a spirit of true friendship ? If it was, how
does it happen that months afterwards this offens-
ive conduct had not been arrested ?
The satisfaction which was claimed in Mr.'
Marcy's note of the 15th of July, and which is
referred to in his other note of October 18th, may
be gathered from the note itself. It says:
"It was reasonably expected that her Britannic Majesty's
Government would have considered it due to the friendly
relations between the two countries, not merely to reprove
its officers engaged in this scheme of raising recruits within
our jurisdiction, but promptly to retrace the steps which had
been taken, aad at once to arrest the illegal proceedings;
