1850.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
declares that he would hare voted against the
Kansas and Nebraska bill, which he holds to be
an Administration measure, I would ask him,
whether the excitement which he so much depre-
cates has not grown out of the fact that the North
condemned the passage of the Kansas and Ne-
braska act? Is it not because of this, that one
section is arrayed against another ? Does he not
know thac the Kansas and Nebraska act was the
cause of this excitement? And how does my
colleague act to-day? He is acting and cooper-
ating, practically, with that very party—not by
supporting its candidate — no, sir, but by sup-
porting the distinguished gentleman from Penn-
sylvania, [Mr. Poller.] I do not wish to say a
word to detract from that gentleman as a candi-
date. I now mention the matter, because I am
compelled, in reply to my colleague.
My colleague must take care when he throws
stones to see that they will not come back upon
him with greater force than he anticipated. The
gentleman from Illinois [Mr. Richardson] stands
on the record and before the country as a north-
ern, but a national northern«nan. He sustained
by his votes all the great modem national meas-
ures. He has •Bitstained the fugitive slave law,
and thereby helped in the execution and giving
full effect to the Constitution. He sustained the
compromise measures of 1850, as I did myself.
Now, when the question was put to my col-
league, I understood him to say that he would
have voted for the compromise measures of 1850.
If 1 am not right the gentleman will correct me.
Then, if I am right, he would have voted for the
territorial bills for Utah and New Mexico; and
the principle involved in those bills is identical
with the very principle embraced in the Kansas
and Nebraska Bill. I challenge denial of the prop-
osition. The cardinal principles of all the bills
are alike; and yet my colleague would have voted
for one and against another of them. Then I put it
to my colleague, (if I am right in my understand-
ing of the facts,) whether he is not before the
country as inconsistent? He will not be content
with attacking Mr. Banks ; he also assaults the
Administration and its friends in this House.
The CLERK. The gentleman's time has
expired.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Pennsylvania. Mr.
Clerk, I do not rise for the purpose of entering
into this discussion about party platforms; I
merely rise to state my opposition to the resolu-
tion for rescinding the ten-minute rule. I think
we have a strong evidence this morning why that
rule should not be rescinded. I move, therefore,
that the whole subject be laid on the table.
Mr. McMULLIN. I hope that, by the indul-
gence of the gentleman and the House, I may bo
allowed to finish my remarks. [Cries of 11 No !
let us vote!"]
The CLERK. Debate is out of order.
Mr. CARLILE. I hope that I may be allowed
to say a word in reply to the remarks of my
colleague.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. I hope that the gentle-
man from Pennsylvania will withdraw his motion
to lay on the table, so that the gentleman from
Virginia will be afforded an opportunity to reply
to his colleague.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Pennsylvania. The gen-
tleman from Ohio wishes to present a proposi-
tion; and, for the present, I withdraw the motion
to lay on the table. I will yield to the gentleman
from Virginia [Mr. Cari.ile] in a moment.
Mr. CAMPBliLL, of Ohio. I do not wish to
make any speech. 1 offer, as a substitute for the
pending proposition, the following:
Resolved, That, imtii otherwise ordered, there shall be
held evening sessions, commencing at seven o'clock, p. m.,
at which unlimited debate a  to time shall be in order, and
no vote shall be taken except to adjourn; and that, dui mg
the inoining session, the ten minutes shall not be extended
Unless ;! vote ot two thirds shall be given therefor.
Mr. CLINGMAN. Call the previous ques-
tion.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I have it notin my power
to do so. Iwiil yield the floor when I have made
ono remarjp There are many members who
desire to come here in the day -time for the pur-
pose of transacting business as speedily as pos-
sible, and do not desire to come to these evening
sessions. There are a great many members who
wish to define their position, anil to discuss the
merits of their various platforms now before the
country. I think that we may save a great deal
of time by inaugurating a sort of debating society
in the evening, that members may say what they
desire their constituents shouldTinow.
Mr. STEPHENS. Will the gentleman from
Pennsylvania yield me the floor for a moment?
Mr. CAMPBELL. I have promised to yield
to the gentleman from Virginia, [Mr. Carxile.]
Mr. STEPHENS. Has not tHe time of the
gentleman from Virginia expired ?
Mr. McMULLIN. Not upon this proposition.
Mr. STEPHENS. I raise the point of order,
that the gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr.
Campbell] cannot transfer the floor in this way.
Mr. McMULLIN. I obtained the floor, and
claim it as a matter of right. I hope the gentle-
man from Georgia will allow mo to go on.
Mr. STEPHENS. Well, go on.
Mr. McMULLIN. I assure tho House that
I will not trespass upon it. I am little inclined
to speak, and especially when gentlemen are not
willing to hear me; nor should 1 have opened my
mouth upon this occasion, but for the remarks
which fell from my colleague, [Mr. Carlile.]
Mr. CARLILE. Mr. Clerk, I appeal to my
colleague's sense of fairness, and to the fairness of
the House, whether it was right to stop me in the
midst of my remarks and allow other gentlemen
to go on and reply to an unfinished speech ?
Mr. McMULLIN. I regret that my colleague
was not allowed to finish his remarks, and I hope
he will not publish his speech to the country,
unless he will allow some of us to publish a speech
in reply.
I was in hopes, sir, that Virginia would have
been tho last State whose delegation would get into
a snarl here about this great question. My friend
and colleague is aiding tho friends of Mr. Banks,
although, of course, he would not vote for that
gentleman. But 1 wish now to ask him a ques-
tion, which I should have asked him before if ho
had permitted mo to interrupt him. My colleague
has attached himself to a party known here by
the cognomen of the "American party." I de-
sire to know of my colleague, if one of the prin-
ciples of that party is not that no foreign-born
citizen or Roman Catholic shall hold any office
under this Government? And I desire to know, if
ho did not, when lie was a member of the Vir-
ginia Constitutional Convention, vote to allow
foreigners and Roman Catholics, Jews and Gen-
tiles,°to be eligible to the offices of Governor and
Lieutenant Governor?
Mr. CARLILE. Not at all. I voted for the
provision as it exists in the constitution of the
State, confining tho office of Governor to native-
born citizens.
Mr. McMULLIN. Then I have misunder-
stood my colleague. I was informed by another
of my colleagues, [Mr. Letcher,] who was a
member of that convention, that the gentleman
did give such a vote.
Mr. CARLILE. No, sir; you are mistaken.
Mr. LETCHER. My colleague is mistaken.
If he will take the trouble to look at the records
of that convention, published in the supplement,
ho will find that he and I both offered proposi-
tions to throw open the offices of Governor and
Lieutenant Governor to the naturalized as well
as the native citizen.
Mr. CARLILE. I have examined the record.
I had occasion to do it last spring.
Mr. LETCHER. Let me ask my colleague
if he did not offer a proposition in relation to the
executive office ?
Mr. CARLILE. Not that I remember.
Mr. LETCHER. "Well, you certainly did.
Mr CARLILE. Then it must have been in
relation to the salary of the Governor.
Mr. LETCHER. No, sir.
Mr. CARLILE. I have sent for the journal
of the convention.
Mr. McMULLIN. This matter is not very
material to my purpose. If my colleague did
not give such a vote, of course he is not open to
the charge 1 was about to make; but I understand
that he did submit a proposition which would
convict him of inconsistency in his present posi-
tion. He, sir, has abandoned the Democratic
party.
Mr. CARLILE. No, sir.
Mr. McMULLIN. He says "no"—but you
are to judge men by the company they keep, by
their works,, and by their walK and conversation.
I regret deeply that my colleague has taken the
course he has pursued this morning in attack-
ing the Administration—an Administration, sir,
which may have committed some faults, as all
preceding Administrations have done, and as aH
Administrations which may succeed it doubtless
will do, but which has sent forth a document t?
this country which will bear comparison with
any State paper that has ever emanated from the
hand of any man—a document which fully and
perfectly vindicates the rights of all the States,
and of every section of this Confederacy. Why,
I ask, has my colleague felt called upon to attack
and assail, not only the Administration, but his
old Democratic associates—ay, sir, his own col-
leagues? His attacks have not been confined to
the Democracy of his own State, but have gone
forth upon the whole national Democracy of tho
country, including our patriotic President.
Sir, my colleague has been casting his vote for
the distinguished gentleman from Pennsylvania,
[Mr. Poller.] How does that gentleman stand?
The gentleman from Pennsylvania has been cat-
echised as to his position. Ho stated in his open-
ing speech here, that had he been a member of
the last Congress he would have voted against
the Kansas and Nebraska bill—against the repeal
of the Missouri compromise. But he went further
than that. He said that if the Missouri compro-
mise could be restored, he would vote to restore it.
I ask my colleague, who has been arraigning my
candidate, Mr. Richardson, to look at that dec-
laration of the gentleman for whom he votes. I
give crcdit to the gentleman from Pennsylvaniafor
the conservative position he has taken in regard
to the question of slavery. I commend him for
that. Would to God that we had more of those
gentlemen who will come to the rescue of their
country, when that country is in imminent dan-
ger, as it. is to-day! Tin f, sir, my colleague ought
not to ass?il the Democracy, and the candidate for
wliom the Democracy are casting their votes,
when his candidate recognizes the power of Con-
gress to restore the Missouri compromise, but
will not vote to restore it, because, forsooth, the
Senate and the President of the United States
would defeat such a measure! llow can my
colleague, after voting for such a gentleman,
with any consistency, turn round and attack the
national Democracy for having cast their votes
for William A Richardson?
Mr. Clerk, my colleague alluded to another
subject to which I desire briefly to refer. He al-
luded to the proposition submitted to the House
by tho honorable member from Alabama, [Mr.
Walker,] which was an invitation to the De-
mocracy to fuse with the so-called Americans. I
want to tell my colleague that, in reply to that
very invitation, I told tho honorable gentleman
from Ala'oama and the House—and I now take
occasion to reiterate it — that whenever he and
those with whom he acted, Mr. Fuller included,
desired to elect a Speaker and organize the House,
let them come up and cast their votes for any na-
tional man, and let us see, by their action, that
we, the national Democracy, can, by giving our
votes for that man, defeat the election of Mr.
Banks; and I, for one, will do it. We cannot,
we will not, cast our votes upon any sectional
grounds; but there are national men—plenty of
them—for whom we would cast our votes, if
by so doing we could cffect an election. But it
is idle to talk about our effecting an election!
The seventy-odd gentlemen on our side of the
House making an election against the efforts of
the anti-Nebraska men!—and of whom my col-
league seems to be one. I would ask him if he
was with them last night? [Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. OR!!. The gentleman from Virginia [Mr.
Carlile] seems desirous to know what the prin-
ciples are which are contained in the Kansas-
Nebraska bill. Now, without entering into a
discussion of the principles of that bill, I beg
leave to refer the gentleman from Virginia to his
associate upon my right, the honorable gentleman
from Tennessee, [Mr. Zollicoffer,] who was a
member of the last Congress, and was a zealous
snppoiter and advocate of that lull. I would also
refer him to the gentleman from Alabama, [Sir.
Smith,] an associate of the gentleman, belonging
to his party, a member of the last Congress, and
who cordially sustained the bill and voted for it.
[Laughter.] I desire now to ask the question—
would you have voted for the bill if you had been
a member of the last Congress ?
