1856.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
975
in what proportion this appropriation is to be
divided.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I hope the amend-
ment will not be concurred in.
The amendment of the Senate was non-con-
curred in.
The fiftieth amendment of the Senate was
reported by the Clerk, as follows:
For completing the marine hospital at St. Marks,
Florida, §12,000, in addition to the sum already appropri-
ated.
Mr. PHELPS. I move to reduce the sum
five dollars, for the purpose of explaining the
action of the Committee of "Ways and Means.
The committee recommend a non-concurrence in
this amendment. No papers came down to the
committee from the Senate, sustaining this amend-
ment made by the Senate. At the last session of
Congress five or ten thousand dollars, I do not
recollect which, were appropriated in the civil
and diplomatic bill for the purpose of providing
accommodations at St. Marks, Florida, for the
relief of sick and disabled seamen. The Com-
mittee of Ways and Means found no papers sent
down to the committee from the Senate, accom-
panying this amendment, and as they had indi-
cated an unwillingness to recommend any appro-
priations for these objects until some further legis-
lation by Congress, they recommended the House
to non-concur in this amendment.
Mr. MAXWELL. I regret, sir, that the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means found themselves in
difficulty about this amendment of the Senate to
the deficiency bill, bccause of a want of papers
to give them the proper information upon the
subject.
Mr. PHELPS. I meant merely to convey the
idea that the Secretary of the Treasury had not
submitted to us any estimates, nor were there
any papers before us from the Senate. The gen-
tleman from Florida did himself appear before the
committee, and urge the adoption of this amend-
ment by the Committee of Ways and Means.
Mr. MAXWELL. I desire to say, in this
connection, that I was personally present before
the committee and urged the sanction of this
amendmentby the committee; and I did notknow
but that the communication which had come from
the Secretary of the Treasury upon this subject
was at that time before the committee. I do not
know that I am in order in talking about what
occurred in the committee, but I understood that
any objection which they had to an amendment
of this sort related to the propriety of placing it
in this bill, and not to the merits of the amend-
ment itself; and, therefore, they would not con-
cider whether the recommendation of the Secre-
tary of the Treasury had merit in it, but they
refused to sanction it because they did not con-
sider that it was a deficiency.
Well, sir, I do not know that I have a proper
conception of what constitutes a deficiency. I do
know that, during the last Congress, members,
believing that there was a necessity for and a pro-
priety in making an appropriation to take care of
sick seamen who should come to that port, appro-
priated $5,000 only; and I mention the amount as
characteristic of the modesty of the State of
Florida in asking appropriations. At the time,
that amount was supposed to be sufficient; but
the efforts of the Secretary of the Treasury to
build that hospital have shown that it was not
sufficient.
I say that Congress, by making that appropri-
ation, determined upon the necessity and propri-
ety of building that hospital; and we have, there-
fore, not to consider that question at all at this
time. The simple question is, whether the amount
then appropriated was sufficient for the purpose
for which it was appropriated. The Secretary
of the Treasury informs us that it is insufficient.
I will only say further, Mr. Chairman, that it
is the established policy of this Government to
take care of its sick seamen; and that it may be
the better enabled to do that, it exacts a certain
percentage of their pay from them, which goes to
make up a fund which is appropriated for their
benefit when they find themselves in a port of the
United States, and require the services of a phy-
sician and the advantages and comforts of an hos-
pital. Now, if there is any point m the United
fetates where there is a necessity that there should
be an hospital built by the Government to meet its
policy in this respect, it is at St. Marks, m Florida.
Mr. PHELPS, by unanimous consent, with-
drew his amendment.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I move to
increase the appropriation $100. I find that the
Senate have made this amendment to the defi*
ciency bill, and I have no doubt that there is a
deficiency at that point, and that this appropria-
tion should be made somewhere, at least, if not
here. X do not use the word deficiency, perhaps,
in the sense in which the term is generally used
here. I mean that there is an amount wanting to
complete this work. But what has struck me as
rather extraordinary in this matter, is this: there
was an appropriation of $15,000 made at the last
session of Congress for a marine hospital at
Galena, Illinois. The Secretary of the Treasury
upon consideration of the subject, and upon ex-
amination into the amount of business transacted
at that point, and the number of seamen engaged
in that business, came to the conclusion that the
sum of $15,000 which had been appropriated, was
not sufficient to build an hospital at that point, of
capacity sufficient for the purpose for which it was
intended, and he wrote a letter to the Committee
on Commerce, stating that if an hospital was to be
built there, an additional appropriation of $'<25,000
would be necessary, together with an indefinite
amount for the purchase of a site, and ten per
cent, in addition for contingencies. A memorial
was also sent to the Senate from the city of Ga-
lena, setting forth certain reasons why an hospital
should be erected there, and the amount which
would be necessary to construct it. All these
facts and papers were before the Committee on
Commerce of the Senate, and they moved an
amendment to the deficiency bill in the Senate,
upon those papers which had been referred to
them. But the ground was taken by the Senate
that it was not a proper and legitimate deficiency,
and it was voted down;but it seems that although
there were no papers before them, as the honor-
able gentleman from Missouri tells us, in regard
to this appropriation for the St. Marks hospital,
yet they voted it in.
Mr. MAXWELL. I did not understand that
the gentleman from Missouri said there were no
papers, in reference to this appropriation, before
the Committee on Commerce of the Senate, or
before the Senate itself. He said the papers had
not been sent from the Senate to the Committee
of Ways and Means of this House.
Mr. PHELPS. I intended to say, and I think
I did say, that there were no papers before the
Committee of Ways and Means, in reference to
this appropriation. When amendments arc moved
in the Senate to an appropriation bill, the papers
generally accompany the amendments. That is
the usual course, and there were none in this
case.
Mr. WASHBURNE. Then, it is fair to pre-
sume that there were no papers. But I do not wish
to take the ground that an appropriation is not
necessary to build this hospital at St. Marks; but
I do mean to take the ground that if it is necessary
there, it is necessary at Galena, and I think both
those works ought to stand upon the same foot-
ing. I hope this amendment will be voted down,
and when the general appropriation bill comes up
for consideration, both the gentleman from Flor-
ida and myself can bring up our amendments,
and I have no doubt the House will adopt them
both. . .
I believe that the appropriation for bt. Marks
is proper and just. The appropriation for Ga-
lena I know to be proper and just; and I know
that, in consideration of all the facts, the House
will be willing to vote it.
Mr. MAXWELL. I know the misfortune to
which gentlemen subject themselves when they
undertake to say too much about matters in which
they have an interest. But a suggestion or two
has fallen from the gentleman from Illinois, m
reply to which I claim the privilege of saying a
few words. He admits the justice and propriety
of this thing, as I understand him; but, because
there is justice and propriety in another appro-
priation of the same character, wlucli has not nail
the good fortune—for what reason it does not
become me to say—to get into this bill, and because
he cannot have action upon it, therelore his con-
clusion is that we should defeat this. 11 you can-
not have all that is right and proper, you will take
nothing that is right and proper. Now I sup-
pose the appropriation for St. Marks stands on
its own merits independent of that for Galena—
and I suppose the appropriation for Galenastands
on its own merits. I know nothing of the action
of the Senate in regard to it; and, if-it be as meri-
torious as this, 1 think it is to be regretted that it
should not have been appropriated forby-the Sen-
ate. But because the Senate did not agree to an
appropriation for it, I appeal to the gentleman's
own sense of right and duty, to say, whether
that misfortune in regard to his application should
prove fatal to this which he himself admits to be
just and proper.
Mr. WASHBURNE, by unanimous consent,
withdrew his amendment.
Mr. HAVEN. I should like, Mr. Chairman,
to offer an amendment, inasmuch as I have had
some little to do with these marine hospitals
heretofore, and with these custom-houses. In
offering my amendment, I desire to say to the
committee, that I do not wish to intimate whether
1 think the appropriation a proper one or not;
but I desire, if the appropriation be made, that
it be made with the limitations and restrictions
which my amendment proposes. I desire to
| place these restrictions upon it, because they are
of that class which have been placed upon all the
: marine hospitals and custom-houses that have
been appropriated for here within the last two
vears. My amendment is as follows:
To the end of the amendment, add the following words:
Provided, Tnat none of this Mini shall be paid by the
Secretary of the Treaty until he shall have enteicd into
a contract to complete the same for the sum hereby and
lieietoibre appiop.iated for said hospital.
Mr. MAXWELL. That is already in the
original appropriation.
Mr. HAVEN. No, it is not. There was an
appropriation for this subject in 1854—the only
prior appropriation that I know anything about.
It was m these words:
<■ To piovide a suitable building as a marine hospital at
St. Maries, FlondJi,
I suppose, from the reading of it, that it was
not intended to construct a building.
Mr. MAXWELL, (interrupting.) Letme say
to the gentleman I have no objection to his amend-
ment.
Mr. HAVEN. But let me make my explana-
tion nevertheless. I suppose, Mr. Chairman,
that there was no expectation oferecting a building
for an hospital there. I supposed that some
building would be purchased or fitted up for the
i sum provided. That is the only appropriation
! I know anything of. With this information
j before the House, without saying whether f deem
! it proper, one way or the other, for the House to
I make this appropriation of $12,000, I wish it, if
, made, to be made with the limitations and restric-
tions imnosed upon all the others.
Mr. COBB, of Georgia. With the permission
of the gentleman from New York, I desire to call
his attention, and the attention of the committee,
to the wording of this amendment, and to state to
him that the object of the Committee of Ways
and Means, in reference to this and all similar
appropriations, was to incorporate therein the
principle of the amendment now offered by him,
by using the language employed here: " For
completing the marine hospital." Wherever that
language has been used in any of these bdls by
I the Committee of Ways and Means, they intend
I to place the limitations which the gentleman from
New York has spoken of. I agree with him fully.
! I desire to see these restrictions placed, and ad-
' hered to by Congress afterwards. The only
• objection in the world that I would have to his
j amendment—and I take no objection, for I shall
! vote for it—is, that I am unwilling the Depart-
i ment should construe the language employed in
' this bill otherwise than as containing the restric-
tions contained in the amendment now proposed.
Mr. HAVEN. The term " complete," Mr.
Chairman, is a term with which some of the
members of the House who have been here within
the last two years are quite familiar. My friend
from Virginia, who is on the Committee of Ways
1 and Means, but who is not now in his seat, [Mr.
! Letciier,] has said that they have completed these
; custom-houses and these marine hospitals
a dozen times over. And the Secretary of the
; Treasury seemed not to pay—I suppose it was
: not intentional, but that he was unable to pay-—
I any attention to the term " complete, in the
j sense in which the gentleman from Georgia sees
