250
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
Mr. CARLILE. I would not.
- Mr. ORR. I desire the gentleman to commit
Kim self fully xipon that point, so that the country
may know where he is. I did not understand
the reply the gentleman made to the question—
does he commit himself for or against the bill?
Mr. CARLILE. I said I would go against the
bill.
Mr. ORR. I shall take occasion, when the ten-
minute rule shall have been rescinded, or after
the "House shall have been organized, to reply to
some of the viewrj thrown out by the gentleman
from Virginia, [Mr. Cakxile,] and by others, in
reference to the principles of the Kansas-Ne-
braska bill. At present, it is sufficient that the
gentleman from Virginia should seek the inform-
ation he desires as to the principles of that bill
from his own associates.
An extended debate ensued between Messrs.
STEPHENS, ZOLLICOFFER, and WASH-
BURN, of Maine, on the subject of the restriction
of slavery in the Territories, during which Mr.
STEPHENS defined his position in remarks of
considerable length. [See this debate in the
Appendix.]
Mr. CARLILE. I do not intend to make a
speech to the House now. I desire to make
simply a remark. I am unwilling to believe that
this House will deny to me that which they have
accorded to almost every other gentleman upon
this floor. They have cut me off to-day in the
midst of some remarks that I was desirous of
submitting. I shall not now attempt to complete
those remarks, but I hope that, after a night's
reflection, there will be a little more fairness char-
acterizing the action of this body. [Cries of
" Call the roll!"]
Mr. 0R.R. I withdraw Jjie motion to rescind
tho ten-minute rule. [Renewed cries of " Call
the roll!"]
VOTE FOR SPEAKER.
The House proceeded to vote the one hundred
and sixteenth time for Speaker, with the following
result: Whole number of votes cast, 203; neces-
sary to a choice, 102; of which—
Nathaniel P. Banks received     94
"Willum A. Richardson  OS
HenryjU Fuliei  ;>j
■Alexandre, til. Pennington    G
James L, Orr.     1
John William^     J
CSilolmst Porter 1
So there was 310 choice.
The following hs tho vote in detail:
For Mr. Banks—Mc-srs. ^Il>i lirht, Allison, Htubour, IWi- '
ly Lennctt, Ben>on, Bi11ui ;Ihim, Bingham, ttiics. Biad-
f.ha\v, IUenton. Uuth <;tou, Duilm-Mme, James 11. (/.p.njw '
bell, ^ Lewis 1). Campbell, Chalice, dawson, Coiia\ I
Comma, Cia«in, Cmnback, Damrcll, Timothv Davis, Da\\ '
Dcan,L>e VVitt, Du-k, Dickson. Ootid, Durieo/JSdie, Kmue
Galloway,Gidduigf.,(;ill)v;n, Giant^r, Giow Hailau, Ilol'
lmvay, Tlioina-i tt. Horton, Valentine [\. Horton, ilowaid
IfiifflNton, KcN««y, King, Knap;), Kmtjlit, Knowlton, Knox]
Ivimki'l, Loiter, Marc, M«ittir>on, Mc-O.my, Mrachani, Moi-
gan.Momll, i\Iou, Not ton, Andiew Oliver, IVan-p, IVJton
Penninntou, I'etin, Pik<;, I'unglc, Puivianeo, Ritchie, Hob?
bins, Roberts, Nabm, Sn^1, Sapp, ^heimmu Simmons.
tSpiunci, Manton, Stianahan, T.ippun, TIj >nii«tor>. Thtu*-
ton, Todd, Tr.M'ton, '(Von, Wade, Wdlluulso, Wuhhon.
Cadwaludcr 0. Wa^hbume, Kllihu B. W.i<IjJ>uj«c, fm.'iol
Washburn, Watson, Wulch, Wood, Wuudiuff, and Wood-
work.
Fox Mr. Richardson—Mo*^. Aiken, Allen, Barclay
Bell, Boeoek, Bowie, Boyce, Branch, Bin nett, <:adwaiad<:)!
Cmutbtrs, Clmginan, Howell Cobb, WjJJmnisnu R. \V
Cobb, Craige, DavuUon, Denver, DowdHI, Edmuinhon,
rdllOtt- 111 n m 1* li'tAwin^n TbnoKt.i 7 7 i
uvuiuu  *. jouus, j. kinney Kelly, Kuluell
Letcher, Lumpkm, Samuel rt. Maivhall, Maxwell. McMuJ-
hii, McUaeen, Hmnh Miller, Milium, Moidxxa'i Ohwt
On, Peck, Pbelps, Powell, Qiutman, Hutfm, Ru<t, San-
dnlf:e, tavrtL'!', b.imus-1 A. Smith, William Smith, Steiilwn*
bicwari, Inlliotl. Vail, Warner, Wdtltins, W< lis, VVi irurn
Winslmv, lliuiK-l 11. U'liglit, anil John V. V'vi I"hf. '
For Mr. Fuller—Messis. Broom, John P. Catiiubpll, Bav-
ard Claik.i'ox, cnlli'11, Carhle, Ulhemlge, Eimis, EvaiA
Fo.-tei, J. Mojiisou il.im-, Huffman. Kcniiot!. Lake Luid-
lsy, Alexander K. Maisluill, Miilw.ird, I'amc, Pniter
Iteafl"., ft-ain!. X^vcis, William R. Snuth Sneed^
£"'vnpe-j'npl)e' L'Ddorwood, \a!K, Walker, Whitney, anci
ZolneofivT, '
For Sir Pennington—Messrs. Dunn, Edwards, Harrison,
Haven, Moore, and Scott.
Fo'i 3f/. On—-Mr. Rirhaid'-on.
For Mr Williams—Mi Wheeler.
For Mr. Porter—Mr. Henry .M. fuller.
Pcndhic: the call of the roll,
Mr. CtUITMAN statod that Mr. Bark scale
had paired ofl with a gentleman from Ohio, anci
that Mr. He.vdley S. Benxett was too unwell to
attend the House to-dav.
Mr. PARKER stated that he had paired off
with a gentleman from Kentucky, who was too
unwell to he present.
Mr. SAGE stated that he was requested by his
colleague, Mr. Flagler, to say that he had
paired off with Mr. Reade.
PLURALITY VOTE.
Mr. WILLIAMS. 1 offer the following reso-
lution, with a view to facilitate the organization
of the House:
Jtesolvcd, That the House will proceed immediately to
the election of a Speaker twa voce; and if, after the roll shall
have been called thiee times, no member shall have iceeived
a majority of the whole number of votes, we roil shall again
be called, and tho member who shah then receive
number of votes, provided it be a majority of a quoiurn.
j shall be declaied to be chosen Speaker.
I call for the previous question.
Mr. EDMUNDjSCXN". I move that the House
do now adjourn.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio. I ask the gentle-
man to withdraw that motion for a few moments,
to enable me to make a remark or two to the
Houso.
Mr, EDMUNDSON. Understanding that the
gentleman desires to make a personal explanation,
I withdraw the motion to adjourn.
The CLERK. The House will remember that
the gentleman from New York has called for the
previous question.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I desire to say that I lune
no wish to participate in the controversy between
the gentleman from Georgia [Mr. Stephens] and
the gentleman from Tennessee, [Mr. Zollicof-
; fe-ll.]
Mr. BOWIE. T call the gentleman from Ohio
to order. The gentleman from New York has
called the previous question.
A Member. He wants to make a personal
explanation; let him go on.
Mr. BOWIE. I have 110 desire to hear it. I
call the gentleman to order; and fask the Clerk
to ^decide the question of order.
I ho CLERK. All debate is out of order.
Mr. CAMPBELL. Then I ask the gentleman
from iVew York to withdraw the demand for the
previous question.
't the gentleman renew
Mr. CAMPBELL. I will. I do not intend to
occupy morn than two minutes.
Mr. WlLLlAMfci. Then [ withdraw it.
Mr.^ CAMPBELL. The gentleman from
Georgia tins morning made a very violent assault
. upon (In1 iliiKUican party, j agreed to tho pei-
: mission geauted him t<  go on when luc had
: expired. I wcu anxious (o hear all he had to say
| upon that subject, and was disposed, if no other
j 111 ember saw lit to do it, to reply to what lie had
i said as well as to what he might say.
j I understood him this morning to say, that
i those of us upon my side of the House who have
j been acting together are inclined to violate the
j principles of pare republicanism, as they were
j understood by the framers of the Constitution
! and the men of the Revolution. I have sou°hf
; this opportunity to rep'd that charge. I deny"it,
! sir; and I stand hero ready to prove, by the
j records of the country, and by the eotemporane-
| ous history surrounding that Constitution, that
' we look upon it us the highest law tor the control j
• of our political action.
j I do not propose now, sir, to reply to the geu-
1 tleman, because it js near the usual hour of ad-
journment; but I desire to guy to the Mouse thaf,
on a suitable occasion—to-morrow morning, if
we do not succeed in electing a Speaker upon the
first ballot—I should like to be heard on those
specific charges made by the gentleman from
Georgia. I wish to repel the imputations he has
hurled upon members of this House. If it shall
be agreeable to the House—for I have taken the
ground from the commencement that I would
do nothing to interfere with its speedy organiza-
tion—I will ask the piivdcge of being heaid.
I now renew the demand tor the previous cjucs-
tion, and move that the House ad]ourn.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. \ hope the House
will, by unanimous consent, agree that this reso-
lution shall come up as the unfinished business
to-morrow morning, andwilj nowadjourn. [Loud
cries of "Object."] Well, there arc a dozen reso-
lutions like this upon the table, which gentlemen
can move to take up at any time.
Mr. SAGE. I cg.ll for tellers.
January 18,
Telkrs were ordered; and Messrs. Edmondson
and Bingham were appointed.
The question was taken; and the tellers reported
—ayes 85, noes 89.
The CLERK declared the motion lost.
Mr. JONES. Then I propose that we take a
vote directly upon the adoption of the plurality
resolution. J
The yeas and nays being ordered, the question
was put; and there were—yeas 04, nays 106; as
follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Albright, Allison, Barbour, Barclay, Hen-
ry Bennett, Benson, Bilhnghurst, Bingham, Bliss, Brad-
1 ButRngton, Burhngaine, James H. Oamp-
oett, CJtrtftee, Claw^on, Colfav Cumins, Niacin, Cumback,
Danu of Timothy Davi*, Bay, Dean, Do Wirt, Dick, Dick- *
sou, I)o<ht, Dm fee, Fldie, Emiie, Galloway, Giddincs, Gif-
n !' . Gl0vv> Harlan, Hickman, Holloway, Thomas
lv. hoiton, Valentine B. Horton, Howaid, Hughaton, Kcl-
M IvliaPP- Knight, Knowlton, Knox, Kunkel,
l.eitci Matron, McCaity, Meacham, Morgan, Morrill
illlk ^t0n/>'Andrcvv Oliver, Pemee, Pelton, Pennington,
« 'J ? rm"k>' Puiviauee, Robbms, Roberts, Sabm,
bage, hnpp, bherman, Simmons, Spinner. Stanton, Stian-
anan, lappars, Pboimgton, Tliurston, Todd, Trafton, Ty-
son, Wade, Walhridgc, WnUhon, Cndwalader C. Wasli-
,i.1 ,V-1 Wasnburne, Israel Washburn, Watson,
xta^ Wl!iiams> Wood, Woodruff, and Woodworth—94!
IS.AYS M(>srs. Aiken, Allen, Belt4 Hendlev S. Ben-
nett, Locoek, Bowie, Boyce, Bianch, Broom, Burnett, Cad-
walader, John P. Campbell, Lewis D. Campbell, Carlite,
Carntlieis, Ba}rard Clark, Cimgman, Howell Cobb, Wil-
liamson It. W. Cobb, Cox, Craige, Cullen, Davidson, Den-
vei, Dowdell, Dunn, Edmundson, Edvvaids. Elliott. En«j-
Tr'n' ^usus5 Evans, Faulkner, Florence, Poster,
Ifpnry M. I uller, Thomas J. D. Fuller, Goode, Greenwood!
Augustus Hall, J. Momson Harris, Sampson W. Harris,
j L- Hams, Harrison, Haven, Herbert, Hoffman,
j Hou-tori, Jevvett, t*eorgc W. Jones, J. Glanoy Jones. Kelly.
. J><'nnru, lvidwcll, Lake, Letehor, Lindley, Dumpkin,
Samuel H. Marshall. Maxwell, IMcMullm, MoQ.ueen, Smith
Alillei, Million, Millwaid, Moore. Mordeeai Oliver, Orr,
Paine, Pock, Plielps, Porfei, Powell, Quitman, Ileade,
Koatly, itioaud, Riobaul-on, Rivers, Uuffin, liust. Sandidge,
^ava^c, Scott, William Smith, William It. Smith, Sneed,
Sfopi'ciH, btowart, Swope, Talbott, Trippe, Underwood,
\;ul, ^alk. Walkei, Warner, Watkins, Wells, Wheeler,
Wittnicv, Wins.low, Daniel B. Wright, John V. Wright,
and ZoHicofier—106.
So the resolution was not agreed to.
Mr. SMITH, of Tennessee, (when his name
was called,) said that he had paired off with Mr.
Ritchie, a gentleman who votes for Mr. Banks;
that he himself should have voted m the negative.
. Mr. GREENWOOD. I move that the House
j do now adjourn.
The motion was agreed to; and the House
accordingly (at four o'clock) adjourned till to-
morrow, at twelve o'clock, m.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Friday, January 18, 1856.
The House was called to order by the Clerk at
, twelve o'clock, m.
j The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
; Mr. CARLILE addressed the Clerk.
Mr. VALK. I move there be a call of the
i House.
^Mr. CARLILE. If the gentleman from New
^ ork will withdraw his motion, I will save the
House tho trouble of having a call.
Mr. GREENWOOD, i would inquire of the
gentleman ^from Virginia, whether he will be able
to fmish his remarks in the time allowed by the
ten-mmuk; rule?
Mr. CARLILE. I shall endeavor to do so.
Mr. GREENWOOD. I give notice to the
House that I shall call for the enforcement of
that rule. ■ 
Mr. CARLTLE addressed the House in con-
clusion of his remarks of yesterday, on the issue
involved between the several parties which pre-
vents an organization. His remarks have been
withheld for revision, but will appear in the
Appendix.
Mr. DOWDELL. Will the gentleman from
"V irgini-1 [Mr. Carlile] allow m<?toask him one
Certainly.
question ?
Mr. CARLILE.
Mr. DOWDELL. The gentleman [Mr. Car-
ltleJ .stated yesterday that he was opposed to the
Kansas-Nebraska bill; and the reason which he
gave for that opposition was, th^pt furnished
■ food for abolition agitation. Now, I desire to ask
: him this question: whether if all the Republicans
of this House were to state that they would be
satisfied with the restoration of the Missouri com-
promise, he would vote for that restoration?
Mr. CARLILE. In replv to my friend from
Alabama, [Mr. Dowdell,] 1 would say that I
