THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS
PUBLISHED BY JOHN C. HIVES, WASHINGTON, D. C.
Thirty-Fourth Congress, 1st Session-.
waa
concurred, and the following enactment
made:
"And the superintendent, and the elrrk<? and meccenjrer
in his office, and the litotuun. and abstains and messen-
ger in the Library 01 Consro^, shall be entitled to. and
shall icceivft the benefit: of the joint resolution <>ppiovcd
Julv 90, 1854, fixing the compensation of the Initiative
emplovesot the Government. ni the i-ame manner, and to
the same extent, as officers oi tiie same giade 111 the legis-
lative depai tment "
Thus the legislation of 1834 was attempted to
be coiitroili-d by the legislation of 1855. It was
after tins time again, that the Comptroller of the
Treasury made the determination that the twenty
percent, should only be charged on the salary,
as it existed prior to the 20th of July, 1854. I
beg respectfully to submit—and I do it, I repeat,
with great deference to that distinguished officer
of the Treasury—that the construction put by
him 011 it is not right. [Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. COBB, of Georgia, obtained the floor, but
yielded to
Mr. PETTIT. I rarely trespass on the indul-
gence of the House, and am now indebted to the
kindness of the gentleman from Georgia. I shall
not attempt to educc a construction of this last
statute, out of the obvious motive Congress must
have had in doing it, to repair and correct some-
thing that was defective or insufficient in the ex-
isting law. I content myself with the interpre-
tation that proceeds from its very letter. There
are two facts that guide to it unerringly. In this
selfsame act, Congress appropriates " for com-
pensation of librari-an, three assistant librarians,
and messengers, $9,000." This is the amount
of their salaries fixed by the act of August 4th,
1854, with the twenty per cent, added" Why
mock them with this hope if only $7,500 was due
if the construction of the Comptroller be correct?
But Congress did it, by its own language, to give
them benefits—the benefits of the ioint resolution
of July, 1854.
But, according to the construction of Mr.
Whittlesey, there are no benefits in that act for
these officers, because they, if remitted back from
$1,800 to $1,450 for the principal, and in the same
ratio for the assistants and messenger, under the
iaw of 1854, and getting the twenty per cent, on
the latter sum, have ail their salaries reduced,
instead of augmented. By the benefits conferred
within congressional beneficence, by this con-
struction, they all gain a loss. They receive
an injury instead of benefits. And it" follows,
from the construction put on it, that the act of
last year is utterly invalid or nugatory, or only
brings with it the pernicious effect I have indi-
cated.
I have presented this matter by authority of
the Committee on the Library, on behalf of a
class of officers, intelligent, urbane, and assidu-
ous, and whose duties are faithfully, though
(silently performed; and I appeal to the justice of
the committee to sanction it.
Mr. COBB, of Georgia. Mr. Chairman, I
think it is due to the friends of this amendment
to state that the Committee of Ways and Means
passed no judgment against the merits of the
amendment. My own opinion is that the provis-
ion of the amendment is right, and ought to be
adopted if it were in its proper place. The ground
on which the committee recommended a non-
concurrence is, that it is not properly placed in
an appropriation bill. The same remark applies
to the remaining amendments. As I recollect
them, I think they are right. I doubt whether
any of the amendments would be rejected by the
House if they were presented in a proper bill.
The Committee of Ways and Means were unan-
imously of opinion—and I believe the House will
be of the same opinion before the session closes,
if it is not now—that the appropriation bills ought
to be strictly confined to appropriations, and all
general legislation ought to be excluded from
them. Every amendment from this out contains
not one dollar of appropriation, but like the one
under consideration, is to legislate on some par-
ticular object. While the object is a correct one,
and the legislation would be correct, still I think
62
WEDNESDAY, APRIL 23, 1856.
the committee ought not to place these matters...
an appropriation bill.
Mr. Pettit's amendment was disagreed to;
and the amendment of the Senate was then non-
concurred in.
The fifty-second amendment of the Senate was
reported, as follows:
Sec. 3. .■'?><"' l/c it fvrther enacted, That the balancc of
the appropriation "lor proventinii and suppiessing Indian
hostilities" remaining in the Treasury be, and the same is
hereby, made applicable, undei the direction of the Seein-
taiv of War. to any expenses that may have been or .shall
be mcuriod by the military m any part of the Tcrritoiios of
the United States,, m the arrest and transportation to then
homes, of Indian!, wandering thciefrom, and foi present- (o
oi hue offneiidivlndtaiisdurmg actual oi apprehended didi-
cuities with hostile tribes.
Mr. SEWARD. I move to amend, by adding
the following:
For amending the act of 3d of March, 1855, appropriatm"
money to remove obstructions in the Savannah river, be-
low the city of Savannah, in the State of Geoigia 
Mr. PHELPS, (interrupting.) That amend-
ment is. evidently, not in order.
Mr. SEWARD. I want to show, by the gen-
tleman's own action'asa member of the Commit-
tee of Ways and Means, that it is in order.
The CHAIRMAN. The amendment is out of
order.
Mr. SEWARD. I appeal from that decision
for the purpose of explanation.
The CHAIRMAN. The appeal is not de-
batable.
Mr. SEWARD. I ask, by unanimous consent,
to state the ground of my appeal. My amend-
ment is within the rule laid down by the gentle-
man from Missouri in his own amendments. I
can convict the gentleman of inconsistency.
[Cries of "Object!" and "Order!"!
Mr. SEWARD. Well, I withdraw the ap-
peal.
Mr. PHELPS. The Committee of Ways and
Means recommend a non-concurrence in the
Senate amendment. It is to fasten on ajipropria-
tion bills matters inappropriate to those bills.
The amendment ot the Senate was non-con-
curred in.
The fifty-third amendment of the Senate was
reported, as follows:
Sec. 4. And belt further enacted, That the proviso at the
end of the third section ofthe act of JJaicli 3,1851, entitled
"An act malting appiopnations for the seivice of the Post
Office Department duuna the fiscal year ending 30th of
June, 1852, and for other purposes," IS hereby repealed.
Mr. PHELPS. The Committee of Waysand
Means recommend a non-concurrence m the
amendment.
The amendment was non-concurred in.
The fifty-fourth amendment of the Senate was
reported, as follows:
Sec:. 5. JlnA he. it further enacted, That from and after
the date when the supenntendenev of Indian affairs was
separated tiom the office of Governor of the Teintory of
Minnesota, under the provision contained in the second
section of the act of 27th of Februaiy, 1851, the annual
salary of the Governor of said Territoiy, as such, be the
same as if he was also superintendent of Indian affairs,
and that the approprianon heretofoie made for salaiy of
such superintendent bo, and the same is hereby, author-
ized to be paid as compensation of the Governor of said
Terntory.
Mr. PHELPS. I move to strike out a portion
of the amendment merely to explain the action
of the committee. The Committee of Waysand
Means recommended a non-concurrence in this
amendment, because it was a n improper place to
fix the salary of an officer. The Governor of the
Territory of Minnesota formerly not only dis-
charged the duties of Governor, but also those of
the superintendent of Indian affairs. By a pro-
vision in the Indian appropriation bill of last Con-
gress, the Presidentof the United States was au-
thorized to separate the offices of Governor and
superintendent of Indian affairs in that Territory
and in others. I understand that a severance has
taken place; and it leaves Governor Gorman with
a salary of only $1,500, when, if he had also dis-
charged the duties of superintendent of Indian
affairs, he would have received $2,500. But this
is an improper place to set that matter right, and,
Nr.w Series. .. .No. 62.
therefore, the Committee of Ways and Means
recommend that it be stricken out.
Air. H. MARSHALL. It occurs to my mind
that both the fifty-fourth and fifty-fifth amend-
ments of the Senate ought to be concurred m. If
we pass the fifty-fourth, we merely transfer to
Governor Gorman the appropriation which has
been heretofore made to pay the superintendent
of Indian affairs, of which the gentleman from
Missouri says he has been deprived by the sever-
ance of the two offices.
If the fifty-fifth amendment of the Senate be
concurred in, we will meet the dcficicncy which
litis arisen in the salary of the Governor of New
Mexico. I think they ought both to be con-
curred in.
Mr. RICE. I rise simply to explain this mat-
ter to the committee; and to enable me to do so
I move to increase the appropriation one dollar.
The act organizing the Territory of Minnesota
evidently contemplated that the Governor should
receive $1,500 per annum as such, and $1,000 per
annum as superintendent of Indian affairs. The
number of white inhabitants in that Territory is
now over seventy-five thousand, and the number
of Indians from thirty to forty thousand. The
duties of both departments multiplied with such
rapidity, that it was found impossible for the.
Governor to discharge the duties of both.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I was out of
the Hall at tin; time this amendment was taken up.
As I understand the matter now, the superintend-
ency ex officio of Indian affairs is taken away from
Governor Gorman, the result of which is to leavo
him with a salary of only $1,500 a year.
Mr. RICE. The duties of the two offices, I
was saying, multiplied to such an extent, that it
was impossible for one person to discharge the
duties of both offices; consequently, the super-
intendent of Indian affairs at Milwaukie was
ordered to St. Paul to relieve the Governor of the
duties appertaining to the superintendency of In-
dian affairs.
This amendment makes no appropriation. Tho
money is already appropriated, and will, if this
amendment is adopted, give Governor Gorman
$2,500 a year. His duties are now so laborious
as to compel him to employ a clerk, which prob-
ably takes one half of his salary. It is more ex-
pensive living in Minnesota than it is in Wash-
ington city. The duties of the Governor are twice
as heavy as those of any member here. There is
certainly a deficiency; at any rate the Governor
will find, at the end of the quarter, a deficiency
in his salary of $250. I hope the amendment will
be adopted. *
Mr. MORGAN. If we are going to increase
the amount of the salary of the Governor of Min-
nesota, I think we had better have it come in in
a regular appropriation bilj. I do not believe
that gentleman will resign his position, or that
the country will suffer particularly, if this matter
goes over until it can be brought up in a proper
and regular place. I hope the amendment will
not be concurred in.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I would ask
the gentleman what reason he can give us for dis-
criminating between the salary of the Governor
of Minnesota and that of the Governors of other
Territories ?
Mr. MORGAN. I would take it up in its
proper place, and not put it in a place where it
does not belong.
Mr. RICE, by unanimous consent, withdrew
his amendment.
The amendment of the Senate was non-con-
curred in.
The fifty-fifth amendment of the Senate was
then reported, as follows:
Sec. 6. Jlnd be it further enacted, That the provision in
the act of July 27, 1854, entitled " An act to increase the
salaries of executive and judiciary officers in Oregon, New
Mexico, Washington, Utah, 'and Minnesota," which de-
clares that the salary of the Governor of New Mexico be,
and the same is hereby, increased to the sum of $3,000,
shall be construed by the accounting officers ofthe Treas'ury
to be the full salary of that officer as Governor and super-
t(indent of Indian affair.;.
