252
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 18,
■caucus, as was understood at that time, by the
" Whig party. "When it was reported by the com-
mittees of conference of the two parties to the
" Democratic caucus, it was rejected there by a de-
cided majority. It was offered in the House by
amember of the Democratic party, notwithstand-
ing its rejection by the party m caucus, and it was
adopted by the votes principally of the Whig
party and a portion—a minority—of the Demo-
cratic party. If the gentleman desires to stand
by the record, he will find that a majority of the
Democratic members of the House in 1849, ac-
cording to my recollection, voted against the
adoption of the plurality rule. And there was
no man on the floor, as I now recollect,—for I
havfe not turned to the debates to refresh my
memory,—more violent or more denunciatory of
the operation of the plurality rule than the gen-
tleman from Ohio. My recollection is, that he
offered a substitute for the plurality rule, which
substitute declared that it was wrong in principle,
dangerous in its tendency, and ought not to be
adopted.
Mr. EDMUNDSON. Read his speech.
Mr. COBB. I have not turned to his speech,
and am now speaking from recollection. One
word more, Mr. Clerk, in reference to the respons-
ibility for the organization of the House, and I
am done. I have not risen to go into this dis-
cussion. The record of this House during the
last few days exhibits this fact to the fcountry:
that the Republican party,as they call themselves,
and are termed, had it in their power to place in
the Speaker's chair a member of their own party,
who, at the commencement of this session, re-
ceived the highest number of votes of that party
for that position. The lesolution offered by the
gentleman from Iowa [Mr. Thorington] declared
the gentleman from Ohio EMr. Campbell] to bo
the Speaker of the House for the Thirty-Fourth
Congress. He received, I believe, the votes of
fifty members of this House. There were voting
against that resolution fifty-two members of the
Republican party—fifty-two of those who have
cast their votes for the gentleman from Massa-
chusetts, [Mr. Banks.] If these fifty-two who
voted against the resolution had voted for him,
the resolution would have been adopted, and Mr.
Campbell would have been elected the Speaker
of this House. These gentlemen thereby placod
themselves before the. country m this posiJion—
that they are not content to organize this House
with a member of their own parly, and a mem-
ber who was the choice of a plurality of that
party at the commencement of the session; they
would rather that Congress should remain disor-
ganized, and the Government to cease to go on
with its opeiations, than place a man of their own
party—a man htmng the confidence of that party,
agreeing with them in principle, and capable to
discharge the duties of the otfiee—in the Speaker's
chair. Such is the record, so far, of this session
of Congress. Their issue is Mr. Banks and disor-
ganization, in preference to a member of their own :
party, against whom they have urged no personal |
or political objection. The responsibility is with i
them, and they arc to satisfy the country that j
such a position as the one which they have as- !
sumed can be justified. I
In reference to the plurality rule, if necessary, i
I would go into a discussion of it. The gentle- |
man from Ohio [Mr. Giddings] says that while, \
at one time, I was the recipient of the benefit j
of that plurality rule, I have daring this session I
uniformly voted against it. I will tell him that it |
never will receive the sanction of my vote when I
its operation is inevitably to place in the Speaker's
chair the gentleman from Massachusetts, [Mr.
Banks;] and I believe that such is the determ-
ination of a majority of this House. If gentle-
men are continuing their support of Mr. Banks
in the impression that the plurality ride wiil be
finally adopted, leading inevitably to the election
of the gentleman from Massachusetts,—I give it
merely as my own opinion,—I will tell them that
they are deceiving themselves. Therefore, if they
prefer Me. Banks and disorganization to a mem-
ber of their own party and organization, let them
stand or foil on the issue which they themselves
make bef< ie the count) y.
Mr. GIDDINGS. One word in reply to the
gentleman, i have not stated that the members
of the Democratic party in this Hall voted for this
resolution. I only stated that that party, acting
as a party, by its committee, not in this Hall, but
in a caucus aside from association with other
parties, adopted the plurality rule.
Mr. COBB. That is not a correct statement of
fact, as I have already said to the gentleman from
Ohio; and every member of the party who was in
th at caucus will boar me. out iu repeating this refu-
tation of the gentleman's charge.
Mr. GIDDINGS. I only repeat what was
said by a leading member of the Democratic
party, the Hon. Mr. Stanton, of Tennessee, on
this floor, and m the presence of the gentleman
from Georgia and his party in this House.
That gentleman sat silently in his seat when
Mr. Stanton declared it to have been agreed to
by the committcc, and he did not deny it; no
member of his party denied the fact. Now, after
six years have elapsed, gentlemen are not pre-
pared to do what they did then. I impute no
intention on the part of that or any other gen-
tleman to arraign the records and deny the fact
of an agreement, as avowed by a member of their
party on this floor.
Mr. HARRIS, of Illinois. I wish the gentle-
man would read the remarks of Mr. Stanton to
which he refers.
Mr. GIDDINGS. I have already read it, but
I read it again at the gentleman's request:
<:Mr 43'JW.nton, of Tennessee, iosp and said that he de-
sued to j^sent a pioposmon to the Ooihc. JIc piet-umed
that, under the ruie which had been adopted, it would not
i>e in order to debate jt. He would, however, bo permitted
to say that it vva> a propo?.mon known to have been pie-
sosited on tiie part of tiie committee appointed by the
Whin caucus to confer with a similar committee appointed
by iho Democratic caucus."
At this point he was interrupted.
Mr. HARRIS. At what page is that?
Mr. GIDDINGS. Page Gl. Congressional
Globe, for Deccmber22,1849. Here is the Jour-
nal, as kept by the reporters at the time:
" The JIoiko had now readied the* contingency con-
templated m the piopoMtion 01 Mr. titan-top. it had ex-
hausted thn throe votm«r-"3 tliciein provided for, without a
lehuit; and had airiwd at that pomt where, in fulfillment
of the agreement entered into between the two parties, a
speaker was to be eleetcd by a plurality vote."
Mr. HARRIS. Will the gentleman permit me
to make a remark.
Mr. GIDDINGS. When I have finished the
gentleman can take the floor. I have not said
that they voted for the resolution in this Hall;
on the contrary, I believe that only a portion of
them voted for the resolution in this Hall. But
1 call the attention of the country to the fact that
in their caucus, the Democratic party, as a party,
agreod with the Whig party, as a party, that this
should be the rule.
Mr. MILLSON. I will state to the gentleman
that I was a member of that Democratic caucus,
and that I distinctly recollect that I opposed the
resolution when offered by Mr. Stanton in caucus.
I have not the slightest impression on my mind
that it was adopted by the caucus.
Mr. GIDDINGS. I do not involve gentlemen;
1 only involve the Demoeintic party. I mean to
pin it on that party, as a party, and not on indi-
viduals.
Mr. COBB. I desire simply to say, in reply to
the extract road by the gentleman from Ohio, that
that is th° construct ion he places upon Air. Stan-
ton's language: and now in his hearing, and in
the hearing of those who were present at that
time, I vonnuv tiie assertion that thero cannot be
found one single member of the Thirty-First
Congress who will rise and say that he believed
at that time that Mr. Stanton intended to say
before this House that the Democratic party had
adopted that resolve, when it was as well known
then in that House as it is known now, when it
is stated by myself and the gentleman from Vir-
ginia, [Mr. Millson,] that it had been rejected
by the Democratic caucus. This construction,
now put upon the remarks of the gentleman from
Tennessee, [Mr. Stanton,] is the only foundation
upon which the gentleman from Ohio makes this
charge. He knows, if he recollects what oc-
curred at that time, and is familiar with it, that
it was well understood in this House that the
Democratic party had rejected it.
Now, sir, docs the gentleman, or any member
here, suppose that the Democratic party in caucus
would have adopted that resolution, and then,
when it was to be voted upon in the House, that
but a dozen, or perhaps some twe^y, members
of the party would have voted for k—an over-
whelming majority of the party voting against it ?
Do gentlemen believe that sucn evidence of bad
faith as that would have been passed by unno-
ticed ? Do they believe that the country would
for one moment have sustained the gentleman
from Tennessee [Mr. Stanfon] in saying that the
Democratic caucus had adopted that resolution,
and yet, when we came into the House, two thirds
or three fourths, perhaps, (I have not looked at
the record,) of the party voted against it?
Mr. EDMXJNDSON. Let me say one word.
It may be that the committee appointed upon the
part of the Democratic caucus did agree with the
committee on the part of the Whig caucus to
adopt the plurality rule; but anybody who asserts
that the Democratic party agreed to adopt the
plurality rule, asserts what is not true.
Mr. COBB. I wish to add one word more.
Mr. ORR. If the gentleman will pardon me for a
moment, I desire to say that I was present on the
occasion to which, I suppose, reference is made;
and I state distinctly that no such resolution as
that referred to by the gentleman from Ohio was
adopted by the Democratic caucus, either directly
or indirectly.
Mr. COBB. I merely wish to add to what I
have already said, that the language quoted by
the gentleman from Ohio was intended by the
gentlemaiiirom Tennessee [Mr. Stanton] to refer
to what he had previously stated—that the plu-
rality rule had been adopted by the Whig cau-
cus, and had been reported by the respective
committees to the two caucuses. Fortunately,
the gentleman from Tennessee, although he 'is
not a member of this House, is here, and I assert,
without one word of conference with him, that
he never intended to say before this House—nor
did a single member of the House at that time
so construe his language—that the Democratic
party had adopted the plurality rule in caucus.
Mr. LETCHER obtained the floor.
^ Mr. PULLER, of Maine. I have a very dis-
tinct recollection of this occurrence, for f was
one of the few Democrats who separated from
our friends and voted for the plurality resolution,
understanding, at the time, that the majority of
the party wore opposed to it. I voted for it on
the ground that I believed the effect of the rule,
if adopted, would be to elect the gentleman from
Georgia, [Mr. Codb.] That was the reason I
voted for it then: and I will not vote for it now,
because I believe the effect of it would be to elect
the gentleman from Massachusetts, [Mr. Banks,]
or some one of his political friends.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. With the permis-
sion of ihe gentleman from Virginia, 1 ask that
the gentleman from Ohio will send to the Clerk's
desk, and let the Clerk read, what he has been
reading, purporting to be a portion of the remarks
of Mr. Stanton. It secras to be a remark made
by the reporter, that the House had now arrived
at the point contemplated in Mr. Stanton's res-
olution, agreed to by the two parties, and not a
remark made by Mr. Stanton, as the gentleman
from Ohio intimated when he read it.
Air. GIDDINGS. I desire to say a word.
Mr. LETCHER. I shall bring to the stand a
witness, about whose testimony on this subject
there can be no conti oversy in this House. Upon
what day of December was that resolution adopted?
Air. COBB. The twenty-second.
Mr. LETCHER. Well, on the 27th day of
December, (five days afterwards,) the gentleman
from Ohio [Air. Giddixgs] himself made a speech
in regard to the plurality rule. Now, let us see
what party he says adopted it:
He do:ired to say to the House and to the country, that
the piej-eia occupant of the chair held l\i< office as a neees-
<fuy itMii? of th ' pluiuhty luie. That rule had heen foiced
upon u< by the YVhi^ patty, aided by so,n" ?mail portion of
the members from the other side of the Ilou.se."
Now, sir, I submit that, whatever may have
been the opinion of other people, it does not be-
come the gentleman from Ohio to rise here in his
place and undertake to charge that the Democratic
party adopted that rule, after he has sent out to
the country and published a speec,h^rovised and
printed in pamphlet form, in whicifrho purports
to give the facts as they occurred m 1849.
Well, sir, here is another portion of the speech,
to which it may, perhaps, be well to refer, since
the gentleman is m favor of the plurality rule now.
Here it is:
" But the vote of a plmality of this body would, under
the Constitution, confer no light whatever to tbe office of
