1852
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 31,
I cannot see how he asks $36,000 when the re-
ports of 1853 and 1855 both show that less than
one half that sum is requisite.
Mr. FOOT. -These estimates have reference
exclusively to the extension of the breakwater at
the North, and not to the completion of it upon
the original plan, and its extension to the South.
I read to the Senator from the report in 1850,
wherein the estimate was that $50,000 was neces-
sary for the completion of the work on the then
existing plan, of which $10,000 in 1844 and
§10,000 in 1852 have been appropriated, leaving
§30,000 deficiency requisite to complete the work
on that plan, m addition to the expense now es-
timated for the additional two hundred feet north-
ward. I will send the book to the Senator from
Alabama.
Mr. CLAY. I am looking to the latest reports.
We refer to the bureau of topographical engi-
neers for information upon these subjects. I rely
on them for the information. They say in their
reports of 1853 and 1855 that a less sum is suffi-
cient.
Mr. FOOT. That has reference exclusively
to the extension northward.
Mr. CLAY. Their estimate is, " for complet-
ing the work ofl853," $588, and $14,61488 "for
adding two hundred feet to present breakwater."
1 cannotunderstand, then, why the Senator should
ask for $36,000.
Mr. FOOT. Allow me to state again, that this
estimate has reference only to the extension in
addition to the original plan. In 1850 they esti-
mated the deficiency at $50,000, of which $20,000
having been appropriated at two different times,
$30,000 is necessary. Now, in addition to that,
by the recommendations in 1853 and 3855, $14,000
more is required, in order to complete the work
on the present plan. There is no difficulty in
understanding it.
Mr. CLAY. Still, as {understand it, the offi-
cers only recommend, at this time, aai appropri-
ation of this sum of $14,000. That is what they
say in so many words they want.
Mr. FOOT. I will read again what I read in
the outset from this report, allowing a deficiency
of #30,000.
Mr. TOOMBS. What is the amount for the
current year?
Mr. FOOT. There was no recommendation
for the amount to carry on the work for the cur-
rent year. For lour years $10,000 was annually
appropriated, and one year $50,000. There has
always been an appropriation lor this work in
every river and harbor bill that has passed since
1836. Five passed, and became laws. Others
have been vetoed, and some passed the other
House, and not this. I will read again from the
report of 1850:
''The harbor of Burlington is in an open roadstead of
deep vvuer, near the t-iion:; but in lough weather um- could
not bo made of the landing and wharves of the town To
remedy these defects of the harbor, this bieakwater was
eonsuueted aftei the inoht elaboiate investigations and the
most carefully d gf stcd plan*. It was stated in the annual
report from thw otYW in 1843, that $50,000 would be re-
quired to complete the breakwater in conformity with ap-
proved plans."
That was before the recommendation of the
addition of the north end to the breakwater. The
report goes on to remark:
" $10,000 were appropriated for thi* work in 1844, it
loaves $40,000 of the estimate as the amount which will
probably be leqmred to complete the woik."
Since then the sum of $10,000 has been appro-
priated, in 1822, reducing that deficiency fiom
$40,000 to $30,000. Last year the topographical
bureau recommended the additions to the north
end of the breakwater, and estimated the cost at
over §14,000, leaving the present deficiency over
$44,000.
Mr. BIGGS. If the Senator from Vermont
will pardon me, I cannot so understand this re-
port, because it says expressly—and I call his
attention to it—that<( in the year 1853 one hun-
dred feet in length was added to the north end
of the breakwater, but the appropriation was
exhausted before the ciib was completed, and it
remains in an unfinished condition." The ap-
propriations have been exhausted without this
addition of two hundred feet. The appropriation
heretofore made m 1852 was exhausted, and the
work remains in an unfinished condition. So savs
the report.
MJ-/00T' ^iat $10,000, instead of being
applied to the continuation of the breakwater
south, (they commenced at the north originally,
and were running it south,) was applied princi-
pally to a crib of one hundred feet at the north
end.
Mr. HUNTER. All going north, and nothing
south.
Mr. FOOT. Now, they recommend two hun-
dred feet extension of the breakwater north,
without interfering with the original plan to ex-
tend it southward.
Mr. BIGGS. "In the year 1853," says the
report, " one hundred feet in length was added
to the north end of the breakwater, but the ap-
propriation was exhausted before the crib was
completed, and it remains in an unfinished con-
j dition." What remains in an unfinished condi-
tion ? The work >
Mr. FOOT. That one hundred feet extension.
Mr. BIGGS. Then it is proposed to finish the
one hundred feet, and to add two hundred feet
more.
Mr. FOOT. That is what the bureau recom-
mends.
Mr. BIGGS. And it is proposed by this bill to
complete the one hundred feet, and add two hun-
dred feet more. Here is the estimate for com-
pleting the work of 1853, $588." The $588
will complete what was left in an unfinished con-
dition; and then to add two hundred feet more will
cost $14,614 88. Therefore, $15,202 88istheesti-
mated cost of adding two hundred feet more and
completing the one hundred feet left unfinished.
That lacks a great deal of being $3G,000, the sum
appropriated by the bill.
Mr. CLAY. It may be, as the Senator from
Vermont says, that $36,000 may be requisite to
complete this harbor; but certainly to complete
the woik proposed to be executed by the board of
topographical engineers requires only $14,614. I
suppose it does not make any difference whether
the SenatorfromVermonlasks$3G,000, or$14,000,
or $100,000, he will get it any way; but I want to
call public attention to this fact, that the board
only recommends an appropriation of $14,000,
and the majority of the Committee on Commerce
recommend $36,000. I will let it go; but I will
investigate it hereafter, and if I can find anything
to throw light on this subject, I shall endeavor to
bring it to the notice of the Senate.
Mr. FOOT. I again repeat that the appropri-
ation contained in this bill is $9,000 short of the
estimate of the Department; however gentlemen
may differ with me in understanding it.
Mr. BIGGS. I want to call the attention of
my venerable friend from Michigan to the ques-
tion now before us. I cannot understand, and
the Senator from Vermont has failed totally to
convince me, why it is that you require an appro-
priation of $36,000, when "the estimate for the
work, made by the Department in the last report
from the topographical bureau, is about fifteen
thousand dollars. Here is an estimate made for
completing the unfinished work of 1853, $588,
and for the continuation of the improvement,
according to the recommendations of the topo-
graphical bureau, of $14,614 88. That is what
is estimated by the topographical bureau, but
here is an appropriation of $36,000.
Mr. CASS. The honorable Senator has ap-
pealed to me. I have listened with attention in order
to make up my own mind, and I must confess
that I have not been able to come to a decision.
I cannot agree to give more than the engineer
department called for. I am willing to give all
they called for; but after hearing what has been
said, 1 see some little difficulty. I do not exactly
understand it.
Mr. TOOMBS. I have one objection to this
appropriation. [ think the Senator from Ver-
mont ought at once to put in the $9,000 of which
he speaks, for if you leave it it will be a nest-egg
for larger appropriations hereafter. If they have
come so near finishing it, I insist that they shall
take it all. I asked the Senator from Vermont
why he did not call for the balance, and he tells
mo modesty is the reason. I do not exactly sup-
pose that is the reason. I prefer that they should
take the whole at once, because, if you leave
$9,000, they will want $50,000 on it the next
time; therefore, 1 insist that they shall take all
their share. If they arc going to get it, take j
the estimates as they claim them, and quit.
You need not tell me that the works are to be J
done, for I know they arc never to be finished. I
That is not a part of their system. It is a mere
means to draw money from the Treasury. Ac-
cording to the admission of one gentleman who
supports it, the Senator from Illinois, out of ev-
ery $30,000 spent, the public get $3,000 benefit,
and $27,000 goes to local and personal objects.
I suppose the contractors, speculators, and the
local interests of the town, and personal interests
of those who own the town, get the nine tenths.
This town is an old place, and has been getting
these appropriations for a long time. If we
could get rid of appropriating for it, I think that
would be a great gain, even if the Government
only gets ten dollars in one hundred benefit,
which is admitted by one of the advocates of
these appropriations.
The honorable Senator from Vermont puts this
on the ground of modesty, as only one appropri-
ation is claimed for the whole of Lake Cham-
plain. I think that is a little modest, because
much smaller places have had more. I recollect
that we passed two bills for the State of New
York just now. One made a large appropriation
for Big Sodus harbor, as a retreat for Oswego
harbor, and then the other made an appropriation
for Oswego harbor. I suppose this is asked on
the ground of a fair proportion—a fair division.
Of course everybody knows that to be necessary,
because I take it to be the principle on which
gentlemen act who agree in the constitutionality
of these appropriations, that, unless they get
their share, they will not vote for it, and they
ought not to do so.
Mr. CLAY. I move to strike out " $36,000,"
and insert "$15,202 88." That is the amount, as
I learn from the report, which the engineers say
they want. I merely offer it pro jorma. I do not
expect it to pass. I expect them to get all they ask,
but I make the motion to strike out " $36,000"
—the sum asked for—and insert " $15,202 88,"
which is the sum reported by the engineers as
wanted. I call for the yeas and nays on the
amendment.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. CASS. Since conversing with the hon-
orable Senator from Vermont, I have looked over
the papers, and heard his explanations, and I be-
lieve the amount in the bill is estimated for.
The yeas and nays being taken, resulted—yeas
16, nays 22; as follows:
YEAS — Messrs. Bigg*, Bright, Brown, Butler, Clay,
Fitzpatiiek, Houston, Hunter, Iverson, Mallory, Pugh,
Reidj Sebastian, Toombs, Weiler, and Yulee—16.
NAYS— Messrs. Bcii of New Hampshire, Benjamin,
Cass, Clayton, Collamer, Dodge, Durkee, Fessenden, Fish,
Foot, Foster,- Geyer, Harlan, James, Johnson, Jones of
Iowa, Seward, Stuart, Trumbull, Wade, Wilson, and
Wright—32.
So the amendment was rejected.
The hill was reported to the Senate without
amendment; and on the question, " Shall it be
engrossed for a third reading?"
Mr. BIGGS called for the yeas and nays, and
they were ordered; and being taken, resulted—
yeas 26, nays 14; as follows:
YEAS— Me^sjis-. Bell of New Hampshire, Bell of Ten-
nessee, Benjamin, Bugbt, Cast, Collamer, Crittenden,
Dodge, Duikee, Fes^enclen, l-Vh, Foot, Foster, Geyer,
Ilathiti, James, Johnson, Jones of Iowa, Sebastian, Sew-
ajd, tituart, Trumbull, Wade, Weiler, Wilson, and Wright
NAYS — Me^sis. Biggs, Bigler, Brown, Butler, Clay,
Fitzpatnek, Hou-ton, Hunter, Iverson, Malloiy, Pugh,
Iitid, Toombs, and Yulee—14.
So the bill was ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading. It was read the third time, and
passed.
MTSSOURT RIVER IMPROVEMENT.
The bill (S. No. 52) to provide for continuing
the improvement of the Missouri river was con-
sidered as in Committee of the Whole. It pro-
poses to appropriate $40,000.
Mr. CLAY. I should like to hear the estimate
in this case, and the re])ort of the engineer.
Mr. GEYER. The estimates will be found at
page 296 of the second volume of the President's
message and documents of the present year, in
Colonel Long's report, of the whole works on
the western rivers. Among them is, " the im-
provement of the Missouri, $40,000,"
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, and read the third time.
Mr. HUNTER. I ask the Senator from Mis-
souri what improvement this is? Where is the
improvement? Is it to clear out a bar, or snags,
or what?
