1856.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1853
Mr. GEYER. It is the improvement of the
navigation of the Missouri river from the mouth
as far up, I suppose, as the appropriation will
extend. The estimate is up to the mouth of the
Bis Sioux river, I believe.
Mr. FESSENDEN. How near is that to
Kansas?
Mr. GEYER. It is up above Kansas, north
of Iowa.
Mr. FESSENDEN. It is not in the State of
Missouri 
Mr, JONES, of Iowa. It is beyond the northern
boundary of Iowa, and passes Kansas and Ne-
braska.
Mr. CLAY. I do not understand what the
improvement is. What is the matter with the
river?
Mr. GEYER. We shall have to go back some
years to ascertain what is the matter with the
river. The report of the engineers says " for
taking up snags, and sunken logs, which are
found rn the bed of the river, most generally in
the channel." The operations have been con-
ducted for taking up snags and sunken logs, for
some years, until the old appropriations were
exhausted. This amount I myself judge to be
too small, but as it is the amount estimated I
do not ask for an increase.
Mr. CLAY". Will the Senator advise me what
sum is deemed to be sufficient to complete the
improvement? 1 do not like this continuation of
works from year to year.
Mr. GEYER. I apprehend that the improve-
ment will never be completed. There will be
annually some snags to be removed; but the
appropriations required mi^ht now be much less,
if Congress had made an adequate appropriation in
the beginning, to clear out the snags in the chan-
nel, and prevent the floating trees from washing
and accumulating snags in the channel of that
river. Once cleared out, a very trifling expense
annually will keep it clear; but you may make a
&mall appropriation, and have it incomplete, and
expose it to a constant increase of the number of
snags and the difficulties of navigation.
Air. TOOMBS. It is a matter of some impor-
tance that we should make notes as we go along, <
I wish to know whether this improvement comes J
under the power'* to regulate commerce with !
foreign nations, and among the several States, j
and with the Indian tribes." According to my
geography, all that pail of the liver to be im-!
proved by this bill is within tin Slate of Missouri. '
Therefore, the improvement cannot eomu under |
the power to regulate commerce among different
Stales
Mr. BENJAMIN. The bill is for the im-
provement of the Missouu river. That is not
alone in the Stafe of Missouri.
Mr. TOOMBS. To the extent of the improve-
ment, 1 understand it is.
Mr. JONES, of iowa. No, it is not.
Mr. TOOMBS. 1 understand it is to the bor-
der of Missouri.
Mr. JONES, of Iowa. Tt runs along the whole
extent of the western boundary of Iowa.
Mr. TOOMBS. J understood that it stopped
at a point in the State of Missouri.
Mr. JONES, of Iowa. No, sir; itstops at the
mouth of the Big Sioux river, which is the north-
ern boundary of Iowa.
Mr. TOOMBS. It is to improve the river all
the way from its mouth. It will be claimed, I
suppose, under the power of regulating commerce,
that you can cheapen the carriage of the com-
modities of Iowa and Missouri to the Mississippi;
and then you are to improve the mouth of the
Mississippi river, to carry them out to the ocean;
and this is to bo perpetual. I want the Senate
and the country to understand that we are to pay
in perpetuity for transporting cheaply the com-
modities of tins great valley of the Mississippi
as long as the world stands and these people have
the power to put this expense upon us. That I
understand to be the principle on which it is
sought that the logs and snags shall betaken nut.
Many rivers may he between two States. The
Savannah river is between Georgia and South
Carohna Its navigation is used by both States.
The Ciiattahoochie river is between Georgia and
Alabama. Its navigation is about four hundied
miles, and it passes through Florida. It is used
by these three States. It has quite a number of
difficulties. Then the Tombigbee runs through
Alabama and Mississippi. You may find this
to be the case with nearly all our rivers; so that ;
I do not see the distinction which gentlemen are
making 
Mr. JONES, of Iowa. Would you not vote
for it if it was for the benefit of the Tenitones
of Nebraska and Kansas?
Mr. TOOMBS. Not one dime.
Mr. JONES, of Iowa. Would you not vote
for it for the purpose of supplying the military
posts in these Territories?
Mr. TOOMBS. Yes, sir.
Mr. JONES, of Iowa. They are there, and
can be supplied in no other way.
Mr. TOOMBS. If I deemed it necessary for
carrying the Army, or more cheaply transporting
a permanent force to that region, 1 could support
it; but I say no such reason exists. The pres-
ent transportation for our troops and supplies in
that region is entirely adequate. The little addi-
tional nsk and cost would not compensate Gov-
ernment for any amount it might appropriate.
If I am going to effect that object, I will do it di-
rectly and fairly. If this were shown to be
necessary for the transportation of our military
supplies, I should have no hesitation; but I op-
pose it because it is not intended for that purpose.
The Senator does not pretend that he wants it
for that purpose, but to enable his people to get
their products more cheaply to market; and he
wants the cost of cheapening their transportation
to be thrown upon the Treasury of the United
States. That is a plain and honest statement of
the case. By taking out these logs, and snags,
and sand-bars, the people of Missouri, of Kansas,
and of Iowa, will be able to get their wheat and
tobacco to market cheaper than they other-
wise could, and navigation will bo more easy.
The Senator from Louisiana [Mr. Benjamin]
suggests that is a clear statement. Instead of
paying the costs of their own tiansportation, they
think it right to take out of the common fund
money to cheapen their commodities. There is
no language which I can use that can adequately
express my abhorrence for a system of this
kind m this Government or any other.
Mr. BELL, of Tennessee. We have made
appropriations for the Red river, the Arkansas
river, and the Missouii river. My support of
those appropriations has not been m reference to
the commercial powei, or the regulation of com-
merce, or the facility which might be given by
those improvements for commerce m the trans-
poitation of the produce of the countries lying on
those rivers; but under the war power, for the
purpose of facilitating and cheapening the very
extensive supplies that have to be sent by the
Government to our frontier posts, west ol Ark-
ansas and Missouri, i have thought them proper.
Any gentleman who has had occasion to in-
quire "into it, as I have had, will find that the cost
of that transportation, when overland, is two or
three times the cost by water. The clearing out
of the obstructions, if it can be accomplished, m
the Red river, will be an immense saving to the
Government. That river penetrates far into the
interior of the Indian country, where we are
obliged to have military posts. So of the Ark-
ansas and the Missouri rivers. Even if the Mis-
souri did not touch Iowa, 1 have consideied that
we have a right to make appropriations tor ihe
improvement of its navigation on act uunt of the
general public interests connected with the duties
of the Government in supplying our troops and
defending the frontier.
1 have not been one of those who have stood
on the ground that these appropriations are to be
made exclusively under the commercial power.
Any gentleman who will choose to look into
that subject, will find that great expense can be
saved to the Government by tin sate and unob-
structed navigation of these rivers. But m rela-
tion to the Arkansas and Missouri rivers, 1 place
them, m respect to continuing the appropi lations,
on the same ground as the Mississippi. There
is no end to their improvement. You must have
annual improvements. You have annual floods
that come down those streams, in consequence of
the melting of the snows m the Rocky Mountain
region in the spring. New obstructions aie cre-
ated by the drifting of logs on the chores._ For
this reason, annual appropriations are required to
keep these rivers tolerably clear of obstructions.
I include the Arkansas, the Missouri, and the
Red rivers in the same category, * The trunk of
the Arkansas river is withiifrthe State of Arkan-
sas alone; and according to my own notions on
the subject, if it were a river confined to that
State, and we had no military force at the head
of it, or could not reach them by the navigation
of that river, I should say it was a local and not
. a national object. 1 Know that some of my friends
who support these bills thmk the number of
States through which a river runs makes no dif-
ference. I have always thought it to be a dif-
; feronce. I adhere to the principles of the veto of
, the Maysville road bill, and the doctrines of Mr.
! Calhoun, which admit appropriations to objects
1 within the States, if they are national and not
local. General Jackson laid down that principle
; and adhered to it. Mr. Yan Buren adhered to
■ it. Mr. Tyler adhered to it Mr. Polk was the
, only Piesident who ever disavowed it. 1 think
, this case stands on stronger grounds. I have
i never argued the question fully of late years; but
whenever I have argued it, I have contended for
! our right to clear out these great internal com-
munications under the war power, independent
of the commercial power at all. The Arkansas,
the Missouri river, and the Red rivers, upon that
ground alone, supposingtlic banks of these rivers,
as two of them are, to be within single States,
stand on as strong ground as those that belong to
two or thice States, which, on the principle of
, Mr. Calhoun and the Maysville veto of General
' Jackson, could be improved by the United States.
I feel no hesitation on the ground of public utility,
i and the necessity of supporting our armies on
the western frontier, and in the Indian country, in
J voting the appropriation. Besides, we shall soon
! have a new tier of States there; but independent
: of that, I thmk the power is clear in regard to
! the.se rivers.
! Mr. GEYER. I shall not suffer myself to be
drawn into a discussion of the constitutional
question; but I would suggest to the honorable
Senator from Georgia, that if we have any con-
| trol there at all, and we have exercised jurisdic-
1 tion over these rivers, it becomes our duty to
: protect life and property. It is as much ourtluty
, to piotect life and property against disasters re-
sulting from natural obstructions to communica-
tion, as from the abuse of artificial means of
/ tiansportation. We license steamboat engineers;
;! we undertake to regulate, we profess that we do
ii legislate, for the preservation of life on the west-
! ern rivers. Now, I will read from the report of
!, Colonel Long, the engineer in charge, his reasons
jj why the appropriations should be made, and
! j promptly made, so as to protect life and property;
"Anions the strongest arguments m favor of appropria-
tions ior the object* above mentioned, are the peril ami
destruction of hmoan life and pioperty annually occasioned
by ruinous obstructions in the way of safe navigation, the
removal of winch may be cfleeted at an expense eompaia-
livuiv mmleiare.
" I)iu in<r the hb-t f^eal year the number of lives lo<=t by
casualties of one kind or other is no !e-s than one hundred
and tvveiitv -<om ; Hie ntmibei cl steamers wrecked ei lity-
iivc. and the value of freights and other propeity bxt incal-
culable ; beside-, which, enounous sacrifices of health and
labor have beui mcutred dumi^ the sainc year."
A subsequent statement m an appendix gives
the particulars, the names of the vessels, anil the
character of the loss. Two hundred arid eighty,
I believe, were destroyed bv snags, not on this
river alone, but on the Mississippi and its tribu-
taries generally.
Mr "HUNTER. It was in regard to the proper
mode of conducting the work that 1 addressed
the Senator from Missouri. I can understand, so
far as snags are concerned, that the appropriation
may be profitably employed without any partic-
ular plan; but the improvement of a river by
1 taking out bars, I understand to he one of the
! most difficult things in civil engineering. Has
' there b< en any plan or survey ?
: Mr. BENJAMIN". That is not proposed. The
1 Senator is mistaken. 1 do not know one of the
i western rivr where they are at work on bars, at
i least none on the principal riveis. All the work
done is removing sunken logs, sunken wrecks,
snags, and sawyers.
Mr. BUTLER. I do not suppose wo shall touch
the western rivers again. Is this the last of them?
! Mr. WELLER. We are just starting with
| tin m.
; Mr. BUTLER. I have got so tired of Michigan
i and New York, that 1 thought perhaps we could
I get to a new chapWr. If there is any chapter I
