18-56.
THE' CONGRESSIONAL ©LOSE.
Speaker. This was well understood -by the House. The
vote merely operated as a nomination, while thfe election
was made bv adopting the resolution of the gentleman from
Noith Caioima, [Mr. Stanly.] _ That resolution reads as
follows:
" i Resolved, That the Hon. Howell Cobb. a Representa-
tive from Che State of Georgia, be, and he is hereby, declared
duly elected Speaker of this House for the Thirty-First Con-
gress.*
"This resolution gave him the office—constituted him
Speaker. Without it, he would have had no claim to the
speakership."
Mr. GIDDINGS. You had better read the
■whole speech.
Mr. LETCHER. Well, I will read a little
farther, since the gentleman wishes it:
"This was adopted, and the Speaker elected by the united
vote of nearly the entire Whig and Demociatic parties, and
was clearly a part of the original agreement by which the
plurality rule was adopted. The Whig press now turn
round and charge Frce-Soilers with electing the present
Speaker."
Now, sir, all that I have to say in regard to this
matter is this: I put it to the gentleman from Ohio
to say, whether, if he could adopt the plurality
rule in this body, he could ever elect Mr. Banks,
according to the principle which he declared was
indispensable to constitute him Speaker? Sir,
principles are immutable and unchangeable. If
the plurality mode of election was an unsound
principle then,—and the gentleman is always for
a strict adherence to principle,—what has opened
his eyes now? What has induccd him to believe
that that which was wrong in 1849 is right in
185G? Why, sir, I ask again, if he now enter-
tains the opinions that he then entertained, docs
he complain of this side of the House, or of any
members of this House, for opposing the plurality
rule? Does he believe now (I put the question
to him) that a majority upon this floor will, be-
tween this and the sound of the last trump, ever
agree that Mr. Banks shall be Speaker of this
House?
Mr. GIDDINGS. Do you want an answer?
Mr. LETCHER. Yes, sir.
Mr. GIDDINGS. Well, Mr. Clerk, I will
proceed to answer the gentleman's interrogatory.
Mr. LETCHER. Oh, do not take all my
time; I shall want to reply to you.
Mr. GIDDINGS. I will then give the gentle-
man an answer whenever I- can get the floor.
Mr. LETCHER. Then I understand the gen-
tleman to say that Mr. Banks cannot be elected;
and knowing that he cannot receive a majority,
yet, for the purpose of carrying out the very de-
sign which my friend from Georgia [Mr. Cobb]
imputes to the other side—that it must bo Banks
and an election, or disorganization without his
election—he stands by it, and insists in forcing
him upon this body. Now, sir, what is the rea-
son of it? Is it because the gentleman from Ohio
indorses the sentiment announced here the other
day, of the social and political equality of the
black and the white races ? Is it because he desires
to see the problem worked out by practical amal-
gamation ?
Mr. BANKS, (interrupting.) Do I understand
the gentleman from Virginia as saying that I have r
made any such assertion ? j
Mr. LETCHER. I said the gentleman said !
that the problem of superiority was to bo worked ;
out by seeing which of the two races should ij
absorb the other. I
Mr. BANKS. I have made no such declara- i
tion—no such declaration as he has imputed to j
me. [Cries of Read what he said!"] I have
expressed no opinion upon either of the questions
which the gentleman has alluded to. 1 have not |j
declared what will be the result. I dccUued that j
I should wait before I gave a decisive answer
upon that question. I say that, according to my
understanding of the doctrine of the superiority
of races, as then announced, the sentiments the
gentleman has announced as having been de-
clared by me are not to be drawn by any just
interpretation of the language I used. I utterly
disclaimed them, when imputed to me by the gen-
tleman fromjjforth Carolina, the other day. I
know plrfedBf well, and every man knows per-
fectly well, that there is an inequality in the
capacity and condition of the races to which the
gentleman has referred. I have never asserted
their equality.
With regard to the sentiment imputed to me
by the gentleman from North Carolina, [Mr.
Clingman,] and as now declared by the gentleman
from Virginia, [Mr. Letcher,] I have to say
I never entertained, or even contemplated, any
such result, or proposed any such idea as that;
and, so far as 1 was enabled to gather his idea
from the language used by him, amalgamation is
as ineffably repugnant to my mind as It can be to
the gentleman from Virginia or North Carolina,
or any other member of the House.
Mr. LETCHER. Let me read the language
employed by the gentleman in the discussion re-
ferred to; and let me preface it with this single
remark: here are his remarks deliberately cor-
rected by himself, prepared for publication, and
stamped with all the solemnity which can be given
to them by the most careful and deliberate re-
flection. The gentleman said:
ci I have to say, in this matter, that I accept the doctrine
of the Declaration ot' 1 ndcpc^cicnec, that all men are oic-
ated equal. In regard to the supenonty of race^, I am im-
pressed with the conviction that it is to be determined only
hy capacity for endurance. So far as I have studied the
Mibjoot, it sioems to me to be the universal law, that the
weaker is always absorbed, and disappears in the stronger
race."
Now, sir, if the negro is to disappear, or be
absorbed, how is it to be done?
Mr. BANKS. I call the attention of the gen-
tleman from Virginia to my language, and he will
see that that question is a matter which I have
not undertaken to determine.
Mr. LETCHER. If tfie gentleman has not
undertalwn to determine it, why does he under-
take to speak of the probable absorption of the
one or the other ?
Mr. BANKS. I have not spoken of a probable
absorption of any race.
Mr. LETCHER. Besides, the gentleman has
given this matter biudy.
Mr. BANKS. The gentleman from Virginia
misrepresents my language. 1 did not assert I
had given it study. There are words of limit-
ation in my remark.
Mr. LETCHER. I will road it to the House,
and let them decide. ["Read, read!"] Just
listen to these words:
" So far as I have studied [laughter] the subject, it seems
to me to be the umveisal law tiiat the weaker is always
ab-orbod and disappear in the stton^er race. Whfther
the black nice of this continent, or any other patt ot' the
woild, is equal to the white jaee, iun only be determined
by the absorption and disappearance of one oi the othei;
and T propose fo waif" [lor what ?J " until the respective
races can be pioporly subjected to tins philosophical test
before X give a decisive answer."
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. GIDDINGS. I desire, in as brief a man-
ner as possible, to reply to the gentleman from
Georgia, [Mr. Cobb.]
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Kentucky, here ad-
dressed the Chair.
The CLERK. The gentleman from Ohio
rises- for the simple purpose of answering a ques-
tion. He is, however, out of order, if he pro-
poses to speak any further upon the pending
proposition, if any other gentleman desires the
floor uptm it.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I will not insist.
Mr. GIDDINGS. I certainly seek no advant-
age in this debate. I desire only that the truth
should be made known. When 1 professed to
speak the sentiments and language of Mr. Stan-
ton, I read from the record. 1 desire the atten-
tion of the gentleman from Tennessee, [Mr.
Jones,] as I am replying to what he has stated
here.
Mr.CAMPBELL, of Kentucky, (interrupting.)
I desire to propound o question to the gentleman
from Massachusetts, [Mr. Banks.]
The CLLjRK. The gentlemanfiom Kentucky
is out of oi d<*r.
Mr. GIDDINGS. The gentleman from Ten-
nessee seems to suppose that I read, as the lan-
guage of Mr. Stanton, matters recorded merely
by the official reporters of this body. According;
to my recollection, it was uttered as recorded.
What I reported to the Clerk, and to the House,
is the language of the record made up at the tune,
and which now stands as the record; and if that
gentleman imputed to mc an attempt to palm off
upon this House the record as the language of
Mr. Stanton, he is mistaken. That is all I have
to say upon that point. I know the gentleman
is sincere m his supposition, and that he would
not intentionally misrepresent me.
Now, in regard to the remarks of the gentleman
from Georgia, [Mr. Cobb,] here is one point to
which I desire the attention of the House, and I
am not. to be diverted from the distinction which
that gentleman seeks to avoid. I repeat what I
said when I first rose, that the Democratic party
in its caucus, speaking through its committee, did,
agree to the resolution. Ana now, sir, let every
member understand, that in the first -remark's 1
made I stated to this House that enough of that
party, with the Whigs, voted for that resolution
to conw it, I did not rcpresent,as the gentleman
from Georgia [Mr. Cobb] has intfmated, that in
this Hall the Democratic party voted for the res-
olution. I only said, and intended to say, that
as a party out of this Hall, acting by itselt, inde-
pendently of this body, they constituted a com-
nuttee with power to enter into that agreement.
And now! ask the attention of the gentleman
from Georgia distinctly to the question, whether
j such was not the case? I want him to meet what
I say and not what I do not sav.
Mr. EDMTJNDSON, (interrupting1.) The
gentleman from Ohio states something in conflict
with what I have stated just now. I want to let
him know that he is asserting what is not true.
I am stating facts within my own knowledge. It
is true that the committee appointed on the part
i of the Democratic party to meet a like committee
' appointed by the Whig caucus, were in favor of
that resolution, and recommended it to the Demo-
cratic caucus; but the Democratic caucus voted
down the resolution and refused to adopt it. Now,
any statement made in conflict with that—I say
this from my own personal knowledge—is a state-
ment which is not true; and he who makes it
knows, at the time he is making it, that it is not
true.
Mr. GIDDINGS.
" Go, phow your slaves how choleric you are,
And make your bondmen tremble,"
but do not come here to make any imputations
upon mc.
Mr. EDMUNDSON, (advancing towards Mr.
Giddinos.) "I want to hear what the gentleman
from Ohio is saying.
Mr. GIDDINGS. I am stating legitimate
matters before this body, and I am not to be drawn
aside from it.
Mr. EDMUNDSON. Not at all; but state
the facts. That is what I want.
Mr. GIDDINGS. I want no personal conflict
with the gentleman.
Mr. EDMUNDSON. Nor I; none in the
world.
[Loud cries of" Order!" 44 Order !" and much
confusion and excitement in the Hall.]
Mr. GIDDINGS. Let gentlemen keep cool.
Mr. EDMUNDSON. I will keep cool, if you
state the fueM.
Mi. GIDDINGS. I will state the facts, Mr.
Clerk. I was saying that out of this Hall a com-
mittee was appointed by the Democratic party to
meet a similar committee appointed by the Whig
party. And here I wish the gentleman from
Georgia [Mr. Cobb] to correct me if I am wrong,
when ho j:ets the floor.
Mr. C01313, of Georgia. I will try to get tho
floor who# the gentleman from Ohio concludes.
Mr. GIDDINGS. Hut I do not want any
misrepresentation on his side. I say, sir, that
out of this Flail a committee was appointed by
the Democratic party to arrange tins matter
with the Wing committee, as was stated by Mr.
Stanton on the floor. I have said nothing about
what may have been done out of this Hall, ex-
cept what appears upon the record here; and it
does appear that tha-t committee, with the Whig
committee, did agree on the plurality resolution.
Speakino', then, for the party, sir,—for he who
acts by another acts by himself,—speaking for
the parly, as far as the record is concerned, it
stands plain that the Democratic party have ap-
proved this rule. Now, gentlemen tell what they
remember. Gentlemen tell wiiat is within their
recollection. Gentlemen tell what transpired
without the record. I knownolhingabout that. I
contradict none of them, for I know not how this
may be. 1 speak from the record, and that record
is, that that committee—speaking for the party—
agreed with the Whig committee—speaking for
its party—in reference to the adoption of the
plurality rule.
And now I come to the point suggested by the
gentleman from Virginia, [Mr. Letches.] He
