254
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 18,
asks if 1 did not say that it was the Whigs who
enforced this rule upon us?
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. COBB, of Georgia, took the floor.
The CLERK. The Clerk would suggest that
both gentlemen [Messrs. Cobb and Giddings]
have spoken more than once on this subject.
Mr. COBB. I have the floor, and I trust there
will be no objection to my pioceeding.
The CLERK. If there be no objection, the
gentleman from Georgia will proceed.
There was no objection.
Mr. GIDDINGS. I have one question to ask
the gentleman from Georgia.
Mr. COBB. When I get through I will have
no objection to hear the gentleman from Ohio
uoon all points of controversy between us.
"^hen the gentleman from Ohio stated that the
Democratic party had adopted, as a party, the
plurality rule, I unhesitatingly denied that state-
ment. When he said that the resolution was
introduced by Mr. Stanton, he read the lan-
guage of Mr. Stanton to show that lie made
the statement to the House and to the country,
to that effect. I stated then, that it was a mis-
construction of the language of Mr. Stanton,
and that it must have been so from the facts as
they were.
Now, sir, I desire to show to the House
that, if the gentleman from Ohio in his first re-
marks—and I trust that they will stand imported
as they were onginally made—if, in his first
remarks, he had confined himself to what Mr.
Stanton did say, and had not put in the mouth
of Mr. Stanton—as I understood it, and as it
was understood by the House—the language used
by the reporter, there would have hern not one ;
Earticle of evidence to sustain the charge made j
y the gentleman from Ohio. '
Mr. GIDDINGS, (interrupting.) Will the ]
gentleman allow me to say  !
Mr. COBB. The gentleman from Ohio will
pardon me.
Mr. GIDDINGS. The, gentleman need have
no fear of the report being altered by me. If he
will refer to the report, he will find my words, 1
have no doubt.
Mr. COBB. I hope so. Now, the language
of Mr. Stanton, as read originally by the gen-
tleman from Ohio, is as follows: "He rose and
said that he had to present a proposition to the
House, and he presumed that, under the rule
which had been adopted, it would not bo in ordei
to debate it. He would, however, be permitted
to say, that it was a proposition known to have
been presented on the part of the committee ap-
pointed by the Whig caucus to confer with a
similar committee appointed by the Democratic
caucus."
If the gentleman from Ohio had stopped there,
is there a man in this House who would have
said he had introduced one particle of evidence
from (lie record to sustain the. charge made bv
him, thatMr. Stanton, on tins floor, h.al said that
that was the action of the Demonatio caucus?
No one will pretend it; therefore, it wa^ nee^s-
sary for him to road (.he following language. And
when this was read, [ supposed—nnd m> did the
House—that the gentleman was rending Aoni the
languageofMr.Sranton. [Some voiee,-;, "No!"]
I knew that such was my understanding of it;
and my remarks were a comment upon it, for T
stated then that no such construction was mtendi d
by Mr. Stanton to be placed on his remarks, be-
cause it is utterly inconsistent with the tiuth and
with the history of the case. This n what the
gentleman from Ohio read; and I appeal to any
and nil of you, if this is not the language winch
brought your minds to the conclusion thatMr.
Stan toil had stated that such was the action of the
Democratic caucus? I read:
"The H<>u<e had now readied the contingency contem-
plated m the piopo-ujon ot .Mr. Stanton. It had r^hau^ted
the ilu^e voting then-m provided tor \\ ithout a ro-ult, and
had rmived at that point where, in hihlilment of the agiee-
ment euteted into between the two pirncs—
Mark, you! The gentleman from Ohio laid
stress upon that language: "The agreement en-
tered into between the two parties." There was
the strength of his case. There was the point
he made—
•£—a Speakci was to be elected by a plmahty rule.1'
Now, Mr. Clerk, I ask this House, and I put
it to the candor of every man on this floor, if, at
the time this declaration was made, it was not its
understanding that the last language which I have
quoted was the language of Mr. Stanton?
Several Members. He so stated, expressly.
Mr. COBB. I put it to the memory and candor
of gentlemen here, if the gentleman from Ohio
did not so intend it, then he made a charge against
the party without any particle of ground to stand
upon, if he did intend it, it was an effort to fal-
sify the record on which he was standing. An<i
in connection with it, sir, let me again call the
attention of the House to the fact. that, on the
vote on the adoption of this plurality rule, it was,
as I stated it to be, adopted by a large majority of
the Whig party—who had adoptedlt in caucus—
together with a small portion of the Democratic
party—who had voted for it in caucus—when it
was rejected by a large majority voting against
it. The gentleman stated that there were one
hundred and six votes in the negative—against the
adoption of the resolution—and of that number
seventy were Democrats. That was the vote upon
it. I only attach importance to it from the fact
that the remark had been made here to sustain a
charge against that party which was not true in
itself.
This language which I have used—thislanguage
which even the gentleman from Ohio himself will
not now pretend to say was the language of Mr.
Stanton—was the language of the reporter, giving
an account of the proceedings of the day Jfcid does
not occur in connection with Mr. Stanton's
name at all. There is a vote intervening between
the time when Mr. Stanton addressed the House
and the remarks here made by the reporter, which
had no earthly connection with them whatever.
The gentleman from Ohio charged me with
sitting by and allowing the gentleman from Ten-
nessee [Mr. Stanton] to say that tins plurality
rule was the result of an agreement between the
i two parties, without standing up to deny it. He
j says that the proposition was made by Mic Whig
caucus to the Democratic committee. That was
true; i have never denied it. I stated it in my first
remarks. Where, then, is the pomtof the gentle-
man's remarks, when he charges me. with sitting
by and allowing Mr. Stanton to state that the plu-
rality proposition was the result of an agreement
between the two parties, unless it be because he j
had put in Mr. Stanton's mouth the language of I
the reporter? I submit the facts to the House; I j
shall not eharaeteiize them. j
Mr. GIDDINGS. With the consent of the j
IIou;'o, Mr. Clerk, I will say, that it is due to j
the limine and to myself thai there should he an !
undeistandmg as to what 1 have said and what I I
have not said. I know the gentleman fromGeor- :
gta [Mr. Cobb] too well to suppose that he would
willfully misrepresent what i have said, and he
knows'me too well to suppose that I would
allow the chatge of misrepresentation to be made
against, me without giving a frank and full expla-
nation—a proper answer. When I rose and made
allusion to the remark of Mr. Stanton in 1849,
I read it to the House. I read precisely what is
reported to have been said by him. 1 attributed
so much to lum, and not another word did I at-
tribute to him. Then turning on to the day of
the election, I said in distinct language that the
record made up l:y the reporters of the clay was
as follows. 1 know wh.it I said; and if gentle-
men get too much excited to understand me, that
is not, in\ fault. I am i espon.iiMi; foi what 1 say,
and not for their want of under.-tojidmg.
Sir, gentlemen have no right to rise upon this
floorand refuse to be corrected, when they impute
tone language which I neverused. 1 neverrefused
such a correction to any man. 1 have yet to
learn that the courtesies of debate in this Hall
authorize or justify any man in refusing to be
corrected wlu'n he attempts to use the language
of another, which that other states is not correct.
Now, 1 have shown to the House, and I repeat,
that 1 never imputed the extract read from the
recoid made up* by the reporter at the time as
having been the remarks of Mr. Stanton. The
record will show the fact: its language shows it
i could not hove been the work of that gentleman,
j The record shows that there was a committee
| appointed upon the part of the Deniocraue party,
I to act for that party, to represent that party, to
j act bv their authority- and to bind them, so tar as
the record shows and the history of the country
is concerned; and I know not what was done
outside the record. On those acts I have made no
remark; 1 know nothing of them. Here I*stand,
awd, standing here, I have shown that the com-
mittee appointed by the Democratic party, author-
ized by that party, speaking for the party, made
the presentation which they did. And, passing
on in that record, I stated that what occurred in;
that House was by the agreement of the two,
parties—not acting by vote m this Hall, nor by
joint ballot outside—but by the joint action of
their committees. That was the declaration which
I made, and by that declaration I stand, here and
elsewhere; nor will gentlemen who are interested
m making me say otherwise drive me from it.
Now, Mr. Clerk, it was this action of the com-
mittee that was stated by Mr. Stanton. That
fact has not been denied. And when I stated as
I did state in this House subsequently,-that this
measuie was forced upon us by the Whig party,
and a sufficient number of the Democratic party
to carry it, I stated the action of this body, and
not of the Democratic party and Whig party out-
side this Hall; and when I afterwards, in this
Hall, referred to that action, as read from my
speech, as being the result of the joint action of
the two parties outside this Hall, the gentleman
from Georgia [Mr. Cobb] stood by and heard me,
and did not contradict the language I uttered.
Sir, let me say that this was an afterthought. No
man repudiated the facts I uttered then. No, sir,
the whole facts were before the country, and were
comprehended by the people. I then asserted
every word that I have now asserted, and neither
of the gentlemen who have read the remarks I
made then—with much profit to themselves I
trust, [laughter]—corrected me. The honorable
gentleman from Georgia then sat silently and
heard my remarks, and did not attempt to cor-
rect me, nor did any gentleman correct me. They
read the record made up by the reporters, for it
was laid upon the table of every member the next
morning, and no gentleman rose to correct it, or
to intimate that it contained any misrepresenta-
tion.
Now, gentlemen, by your past acts I hold you
before the country as unwilling to follow your
own precedent. I have shown that you have re-
ceded from your position. Sir, 1 have made that
assertion, and I now stand here to make good the
assertion, and I will do it, God being my helper.
But my friend from Georgia has undertaken to
speak of our responsibility in not electing Mr.
Campbell. Now, sir, lot mo tell that gentleman
that 1 vote as I choose. The Republicans of
this House do not go to Georgia to learn what is
their duty.
Mr. COBB. I suppose that is the reason why
they are so far wrong. [Laughter.]
Mr. TAPPAN. i merely desire,at this time,
to make a very few remarks in reply to the dis-
tinguished gentleman from Georgia, and also in
reply to some remarks which fell from the gen-
tleman from Indiana [Mr. Dunn] the other day,
in reference to the responsibility for the non-or-
gonization of this House, and the parties where
that responsibility properly attaches. Now, sir,
I think it can bo easily demonstrated 
Mr. ORll. I desire to inquire if the gentleman
from Ohio has surrendered the floor?
Mr. GIDDINGS. I have, unless the gentle-
man from Virginia [Mr. Letcher] waiits to ask
me some question.
Mr. ORR. I then desire to ask the gentleman
from New Hampshire [Mr. Tappan] to allow
me ta correct one fact in reference to this con-
troversy that has originated here, before he pro-
ceeds to make his point? [Cries of "Go on!"
"No objection!"]
Mr. Clerk, the gentleman from Ohio persists
in his charge that the Democratic party were
responsible for the plurality resolution offered by
Mr. Staiuon in 3841). Well, sir, if the report of
this debate goes out precisely as it transpired,
the country can judge whether the charge has
been sustained; the country can judge whether
the gentleman from Ohio imputecQo Mr. Stan-
ton remarks which were never maflpby him, but
which were made by the reporter.
But what I desire particularly to state is, that,
since this debate commenced Mr. Stanton has
come within the limits of this Hall. I have had
an interview with him, and he has authorized
me to state, that when the proposition to elect
by plurality was presented to the Democratic
