244
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[March 18,
34th Cong....1st Sess.
Naval Retiring Board—Mr. Houston.
Senate.
They italicize " truth;" otherwise, I suppose,
it would have no weight.
 " and to remember, that the blood and dishonor of any
disaster to the American arms following from any neglect
to report every case of incompetency coming within their
knowledge will rest on them, and on their memory. Beyond
this, they have no duty, no right, and no responsibility."
Again they go on to say:
"In the eye of the country, the first thing is that Ameri-
can seamen and officers shall not be sacrificed by incom-
petent commanders."
I shall have something to say in illustration of
this position. It is a very good one. See how
they enlarge upon it:
"To this everything is subordinate, and for this the board
was created. How individuals may be affected—whether
the country have treated heroes ungratefully or not—is none
of their business. They are charged to see that lives of
American seamen, and the higher life of American honor,
be neither thrown away nor jeoparded by hands of whose
competency they are not convinced. If Decatur were alive,
but blind, or a paralytic, or deaf and dumb, or so feeble as
lo be unable to encounter the hardships of a cruise, it would
be their duty to say so, and leave the country to take care
of the hero while supplying his place."
Yes, sir; but if he was neither of these, and ,
they were to say he was dumb and blind and old,
the statement would be false. Sir, a hundred offi-
cers walk about these streets repelling the charge
of incompetency. They are practical contradic-
tions to it. Here we are told the duty of the
board was to retire an officer when he was incom-
petent. It is only for that cause, or for miscon-
duct of a flagrant character, that he can be retired,
furloughed, or dropped. Every one that is
dropped feels that imputation on him. Let me
five an instance. The other day my friend from
)elaware stated that Captain Du Pont had writ-
ten letters to Lieutenant Rhind and others for
the purpose of getting a contradiction to rumors
against Mr. Bartlett, of the Navy, one of the
most intelligent, prompt, and sailor-looking fel-
lows I ever saw—a gentleman who was selected
by the Secretary of the Treasury to go to France,
and was there for more than two years, for the
purpose of obtaining improved lights and light-
house apparatus. He came home bearingahighly
laudatory letter from our Minister, Mr. Mason,
recommending him to the special consideration
of the Secretary of the Treasury. He was again
at sea performing his duty when he was stricken
down and degraded, as unworthy of a place in the
Navy. Not retired, not furloughed, but dropped
entirely. That is Mr. Bartlett, to whom my friend
alluded the other day, and whose character Cap-
tain Du Pont was so anxious to vindicate that he
wrote a letter about him; but the answer came
too late, and he was dropped for other reasons, it
is said.
On a charge being made against him, by rumor,
ten years ago, Lieutenant Bartlett demanded an
investigation by court-martial or court of inquiry
against his accusers. His demands were made
to his superiors, and are there yet. He has from
time to time demanded an investigation, a court
of inquiry, or a court-martial, and it was not given
him. Why? They who made the charges knew
they could not prove them. The fact that he was
continued on service shows that the rumors had
no influence on the Secretary of the Navy or his
commanders; and yet that man was dropped from
the list of officers. Mr. Du Pont had written to '
different individuals to know if they knew any- i
thing about a certain transaction; but the answer, [
it is said, came too late! Bartlett is a line officer; 1
but he has one outrageous fault in the eyes of
some gentlemen. He is similarly situated with
Captain Levy, of the Navy. He was the first
man who discountenanced flogging in the Navy;
and he has finally triumphed. Bartlett was a tem-
perance man, and recommended dispensing with
grog in the Navy. This was offense enough to
some gentlemen to incur reprobation, and to brand
him as a victim necessary for the sacrifice. Yes,
sir, that is it. If Mr. Du Pont had such great
solicitude and anxiety for Mr. Bartlett, is it not
strange, as a member of the board, having the
Secretary's ear, that he did not prevail on the Sec-
retary to give Bartlett a trial, and let him vindi-
cate his character? He requested it promptly.
Why not give him a court of inquiry or a court-
martial to enable him to exonerate himself? Mr.
Du Pont had sufficient influence with the Secre-
tary, undoubtedly, if the Secretary needed a
prompter and was disposed to serve him. But
no, his feelings of friendship were all dormant
until they were awakened by the responsibility
devolved on him as a member of the naval board!
But, sir, I desire to continue the reading of the
article of which I have already given some ex-
tracts:
" Of course clamor will follow the report of the board if
it be searching and efficient; but worse clamor will follow
those who foil to report searchingly and efficiently; for tliis
act is no sudden freak of Congress;"—
| If it is no sudden freak, I should like to know
: when was it deliberately considered.
—"it is the preferred among multitudes of rejected prede-
cessors ; it united many conveniences and avoided many
objections; it was fully debated, thoroughly considered, and
scanned by hostile interests." ***** "But the
American people are both practical and liberal, and there-
fore, while providing for removing 'dry-rot,'and substitu-
ting sound material, they took good care of the relics and
memorials of former glories and long services rendered the
Republic. They justly discriminate. It is only those whose
incompetency is the result, not of time, nor natural decay,
nor hard service, but of their own fault or excess, who ' are
to be stricken altogether from the rolls.'"
Lieutenant Bartlett was dropped at a time
when the Secretary had detailed him for active
duty. He was an accomplished and an efficient
officer on ship. Now, remember, it was only
for inefficiency that they had any right to touch
him. The officers of the Navy were amenable
to the laws of the country, and to the preroga-
tive of the Executive, if they failed in their duty;
but the board had no power to touch a man for
any offense unless incompetency, either of mind
or body, unless the inefficiency of the gentleman
was such that it was impossible to retain him.
This is admitted by these very gentlemen them-
selves. They say:
" It is only those whose incompetency is the result, not
of time, nor natural decay, nor hard service, but of their
own fault or excess, who ' are to be stricken altogether
from the rollsa provision in the law inserted and in-
sisted upon by the people's immediate representatives."
The people, as I have before remarked, knew
nothing about it—cared nothing about it. The
members of Congress were in tne same position
in which the people were, and represented them
very faithfully—neither the people nor their rep-
resentatives thought anything about the conse-
quences. This article abounds in points. There
is a richness, a marrow in it, that is worth look-
ing at. Let ma read another extract:
" If it be no injustice to remove an officer who cannot
discharge his duties, it is surely not illiberal to give him
the full leave-pay of his rank, when doing nothing; and, if
his sensitive honor shrink from receiving pay without ren-
dering service, the law satisfies even this scruple of a high
nature, by reserving the liability to duty at the call of the
President; and the emergencies of active warfare may well
: occasion many a demand for experience and skill indock-
f yards and shore-batteries, fitting out flotillas, and organ-
izing men for victory, which will satisfy the longing for
active service which the note of war will awaken in the
oldest naval heart." j j
It appears, then, that the men who are not fit !
for active service, according to the board's view,
are in time of war to be relied on for their expe-
rience, and for that purpose are subject to be
recalled by the President to active duty, but in-
hibited from promotion. That is their notion of
honor and justice, and the pride of a military
man who loves his rank better than he does his
life; for it is for position, and the consciousness
of it, that he will fling away his life and trust it to
the enemy a thousand times. Yet you tell him
by your law that he cannot have that rank and
promotion, but he may be recalled to service on
the retired list. He may go and fight a battle; he
may gloriously defend a post; he may give his life
if he chooses; but it must be with the conscious-
ness in his dying moments that, if he had sur- 1
vived this glorious achievement, and ifit had been
possible to avoid this sacrifice of life, the road of '
promotion would be blocked—eternally blocked
from him. Who will fight your battles under
such circumstances? No brave nor honorable
man. Such a suggestion as this seems to me to !l
be unseemly; but I suppose it must be imputed to fj
ignorance of human nature and of the foundations j
of true chivalry. What is the intimation? That !|
these oldretired veterans, condemned by the board
as unfit for active service, could be useful in or-
ganizing for victory during active warfare; and
for this purpose to be liable to be called into active
service in such a contingency. What a com-
mentary on the whole proceeding!
I come now to the charitable part of this article:
" The investigation should necessarily be secret. It must
be soui order that it may be efficient and free. It could not
be open without exposing to inquiry, characters whose fit-
ness was questioned, hut approved. Doubtful cases must
exist; facts castins suspicion which would not be fit to act
on, but which would cast a shadow on the public mind, will
be elicited. Even those reported against may well be con-
tent to ascribe their removal to the vague ground of disa-
bility, rather than have their deficiencies specified and
paraded before the public."
Ah! there are many things which these gentle-
men, I presume, would not wish to have exhib-
ited and paraded before the public; hence they
feel the benefit of secrecy and appreciate its value
to themselves. From this appreciation of thoir
own conduct, their deductions are drawn in rela-
tion to others who are honorable men, willing to
confront any imputation which they may dare to
bring against them before the public, or before
the constitutional tribunals of the service. Where
a man has been dropped for alleged infamous con-
duct, without a trial, they say he might be afraid
to have the reasons why it is done paraded be-
fore the public! This assertion is made as to
every man whom they have damned with a brand
of infamy as set forth in the statute, for it is only
for infamous conduct that a man was to be re-
moved. They have placed that brand on him,
and then say that he might not wish to have it
talked about!
Again: " It is in the nature of an executive
proceeding." How learned this board were. My
friend from Delaware said that a book was written
by Mr. Du Pont, and I suppose, therefore, that
he is learned. He appears to have been a man
of learning, at least in this matter, for he says:
"It is in the nature of an executive proceeding. The
President scrutinizes in secret the officer he appoints or
refuses, and the Senate closes its doors when considering
the fitness of executive nominations and scrutinizing indi-
vidual character."
Now, I desire to call attention to what Mr.
Du Pont and his coadjutor says in this article of
the officers of the board, of whom he was one,
and his coadjutor another. There must have been
something very self-felicitating in the feelings of
these gentlemen when they wrote this article, or
had it written, because there are various rumors
about it:
" The characters and responsibilities of the officers are
a guarantee of the faithful performance of their duty, and
publicity would only create a combined effort among those
impeached to protect each other by destroying the work of
the board.
" One observation remains: Congress has allowed cap-
tains alone to pass on captains. The other members of the
board will be present and witness their proceedings, but
without power to affect the result. The indifference, not
to say hostility, which has been exhibited generally by this
grade of officers to this great measure of reform has, it
cannot be denied, created some misgivings, in and out of
the Navy, as to the course which might be pursued by the
representatives of this grade on the board; but these mis-
givings have doubtless arisen from the peculiar organiza-
tion of the board, the law vesting such paramount power
in five of the fifteen members composing it, than from any
doubt in the high integrity and sense of duty of the cap-
tains likely to be selected. We will not entertain the
shadqvo of a doubt, that they will execute the stern but im-
perative duty required by Congress in a manner altogether
consistent with the highest honor known to the naval pro-
fession. Should it be otherwise, the whole proceeding
will be a failure ; but fortunately the reason of the feature
will be as apparent as the fact, and Congress will know how
to apply the remedy; and should it find that any grade has no
stomach, for exercising discipline over its fellows, Congress
might think it worth while to try the sharper appetite of their
juniors, whose interests will coincide with their duty."
Oh, a monstrous thing it is if men combine to
obtain redress for wrongs which have been done
to them! It is looked upon as a heinous offense,
if men who have been stricken down and assailed,
and who have had their honor wounded, repel
the attack with becoming manliness. This is
looked upon as a conspiracy, though it is simply
the redress of wrongs perpetrated by packed con-
spirators. It is thus characterized by a dis-
tinguished member of the board. They were
afraid lest the work of the board should be de-
stroyed, and they thought it was very desirable
that it should remain, because by it they were all
benefited—greatly promoted. All, or nearly all
the principal men on the board had relatives who
were benefited by it. It would be a pity to spoil
a work so agreeable and family-like in its nature
—a very great pity! But, sir, let me give you
another extract:
" Congress has, however, confided to the high sense of
dutv of the officers of the Navy the interests of the country."
