1854
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 31,
would go on with sooner than another, it is that
of my friend from Missouri. But I wish here to
drop a few remarks to bring to view doctrines
which he indicated yesterday—doctrines which 1
cannot assent to, and which, I am sure, cannot
receive the deliberate sanction of his own judg-
ment. If I understood my honorable friend, (and
I think the tendency of his remarks was unmis-
takable,) he said that, from the situation of the
States on the Mississippi river and its tributaries,
they constituted a commercial power of such
magnitude, that their commerce ceased to be of
partial interest, and fell, therefore, exclusively
under the jurisdiction of the General Government.
In other words, he said that, whether that be so
or not in the abstract, it was so in the concrete;
because it would be dangerous to allow those
States to form such compacts as would give them
something like a commercial alliance—dangerous
to the peace, and certainly inconsistent with the
integrity, of the Union, as recognized by the
Constitution of the United States. There was a
good deal in the remark. But, Mr. President, will
the gentleman allow me to put one question to
him; and, if he can answer that, it will solve all
my difficulties.
If we have no money in the Federal Treasury
to take out the snags in the Missouri, Mississippi,
and Ohio rivers, 1 ask whether it would be un-
constitutional for those who want the benefit of
those rivers to go and take out the snags them-
selves i What would be thought of a proposition
to raise taxes for such expenditures ? We shall
run the Treasury down, thank God. I see it is
running down until we shall not have a dollar
left. We shall have the best Government on
earth when we have an intelligent constituency
knowing for what we appropriate their money,
and feeling that it is to come out of their pockets
by some form of taxation. Will any man pro-
pose to-morrow to raise taxation for the purpose
of improving the western rivers, to take out snags
and bars ? I believe the bills pending make appro-
priations of $3,000,000. Suppose a tax bill of
P,000,000 were presented for these purposes and
defeated, and we had not a dollar in the Treasury
except sufficient to pay the civil list, would my
friend consider it unconstitutional forMississippi,
Kentucky, Ohio, Illinois, Arkansas, and Louisi-
ana, voluntarily to join and lake out the snags,
to send individuals to do it, or to pay money from
their own treasuries to do it? If that is uncon-
stitutional, even South Carolina has been guilty
of an unconstitutional act, for she has joined here-
tofore with Ohio, Kentucky, Tennessee, and
Georgia to have a great railroad liom Charleston
to Cincinnati. All these States can contribute
voluntarily. They can pay out of their own
treasury, without having a compact for the pur-
pose of doing it.
I will put another question to my friend, for I
do not intend to argue the subject. Are the Mis-
souri and Mississippi rivers any more highways
than the Hudson, which, I believe, is exclusively
in New York ? Can New York appropriate the
river exclusively for a monopoly, and give it to
a particular company, to the exclusion of all
others, or allow tolls to be levied, in a particular
way, when the Government of the United States
says it is free to the navigation of every State in
tile Union?
Mr. SEWARD. The honorable Senator will
allow me to conect him in reference to a fact.
He assumes that the Hudson river is exclusively
in the State of New York. It washes the shores
of New York and New Jersey.
Mr. BUTLER. I was using it merely as an
illustration. I do not say that fact makes any
-difference. I ask, if it were all in New York,
would it not be navigable to every vessel, and
open to every vessel of the United States, accord-
ing to the decision m Gibbons us. Ogden I
Mr. SEWARD. The Supreme Court so de-
cided in that case.
Mr. BUTLER. You cannot distinguish the
Mississippi from other rivers in this point of
view. It is a highway. When I am told that
the Mississippi and its tributaries are rich and
powerful, and can form a league, and that there-
fore they have a right to claim the protection of
the Federal Government, and will not do their
own work for themselves, it amounts to this:
that so far as regards important interests of this
kind* the Federal jurisdiction is exclusive over
the regulation of commerce, and exclusive be-
cause it is said, if each State interfered with it,
it might impede and interfere with the provision
of the ordinance of 1787, which was read yes-
terday, and is no more than a declaratory act
affirming that the Mississippi is a highway. If
you had no money in the Federal Treasury,
would you let your people perish rather than pull
the snags out yourselves ? Would it be unlawful
for each one of the States to send messengers to
the others, and ask them to send so much money ?
Would that be a compact within the meaning of
the Constitution of the United States, dangerous,
as you say, to the Union, because it would be one
of those internal leagues that might set itself up
in opposition to the Government? If so, we are
doing it every day. But are we reduced to this
pass, that the people themselves will not open
their own gate, but require somebody else to go
and open it for them? It may be a very conve-
nient thing for you, gentlemen, if you can make
me open your rivers, instead of doing it your-
selves.
Mr. PUGH. Allow me to ask the Senator
from South Carolina a question. Suppose the
Federal Government were too poor to send an
army out to protect us against the Indians: would
it be unconstitutional for us to protect ourselves?
Mr. BUTLER. No.
Mr. PUGIi. But it would be none the less
the duty of the Federal Government to protect
us.
Mr. BUTLER. I am glad my friend from
Ohio has given me that argument. If you can
do this yourselves, I do not see why you should
exclusively devolve it on the Federal Govern-
ment.
Mr. PUGH. But we ask the Federal Govern-
ment to raise an army to protect us. We pay
taxes for that purpose.
Mr. BUTLER. This is said to be an exclu-
sive power of regulating commerce; but whoever
heard of an exclusive power of fighting' Where
does the Senator from Ohio get that notion ?
Mr. PUGH. The Senator from South Caro-
lina has heard no one say it is exclusively the
power of the General Government to expend
money.
Mr. BUTLER. No, sir; but the exclusive
power to regulate commerce is the power that
has been claimed for these appropriations. If
you apply it to the Mississippi and its tributaries,
you say it is exclusive, and the States cannot
Interfere.
Mr. PUGII. I do not say it is exclusive. I
disclaimed that position in answer to the Senator
from Georgia, the other day.
Mr. BUTLER. I was speaking of my friend
from Missouri, who did not disclaim that. The
effect of his remark was to make it exclusive.
The effect of Ins doctrine is, that as long as he
c,aii get money from the Federal Treasury his
people cannot improve their rivers for themselves,
and it is unlawful for anybody else to help them !
That is the idea. Then my friend fiom Ohio
comes in and asks me if it is not exclusively in
the power of the Government to make war, and
whether fighting must not therefore be exclusive ?
Mr. PUGH. I did not say it was exclusive.
Mr. BUTLER. Every man has the right to
fight on his own hook.
Mr. PUGH. The argument of the Senator
was to show that it was not the duty of the Fed-
oral Government to make these improvements,
because individuals might do it without violating
the Constitution. I say we may fight without
violating the Constitution, but it is none the less
the business of the Federal Government to pro-
tect us.
Mr. BUTLER. I rather think it is an unfor-
tunate analogy. Now, after these remarks, (cur-
sory, but having their illustrations,) I say to gen-
tlemen, if you cannot raise money for the purpose
of appropriating it for the improvement of those
rivers, you have no right to take it from the
Treasury. I say, furthermore, it is not a viola-
tion of the Constitution, if all the States inter-
ested were to join to-morrow and open the Mis-
sissippi river. You may not be allowed to im-
pose heavy tolls or give monopolies to this body
or that body, inconsistent with the regulation of
commerce; but nobody will complain if you will
expe nd your money to open your own rivers. That
is not unconstitutional. If you can do it your-
selves, and are interested more than other people,
why should you not do it ? But as you arc giving
to the West, I do not see why Missouri should
not come in. My friend from Missouri says he
wants to have snags, stones, and everything else,
taken out. Why, sir, the misfortune of the Mis-
souri river, as I understand, is, that half the time
it has no water in it.
Mr. JONES, of Iowa. Not the Missouri. Tt
has got more water than all the rivers in South
Carolina. [Laughter.]
Mr. GEYER. More than double them.
Mr1. BUTLER. While I shall not vote for the
bill, I believe my heart is as much with the Mis-
souri river as any other that has received an ap-
propriation, but not on the ground stated.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Iverbon
in the chair.) The question is on the passage of
the bill.
Mr. CLAY. I call for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 27, nays 12; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Bell of Tennessee, Benjamin, Blight,
Cass, Clayton, Collamer, Oiittenden, Dodge, Durkee, Fe -
senden, Fish, Foot, Foster, Geyer, Italian, Jame«, John-
son, Jones of Iowa, Pearce, Pusjh. Sebastian, Seward,
Stuart, Wade, Weller, Wilson, and Wright—27.
NAYS—Messrs. Biegs, Bigler, Brown, Butler, Clay,
Fitzpatrick, Houston, Hunter, Iverson, Malloiy, Reid, and
Toombs—1-2.
So the bill was passed.
DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA BUSINESS.
Mr. BROWN. On the Friday before last, it
will be recollected, the District of Columbia busi-
ness was taken up, and a whole day consumed
in the discussion of one bill. The House of Rep-
resentatives, for the first time during the session,
has set the business of the District of Columbia
for next Tuesday. There are three or four bills
upon the Calendar which, if passed here by that
time, can bo considered and passed by the House.
I think they can by 110 possibility give rise to de-
bate. If they do, I will consent that they lie over.
In this view of the case, briefly stated, 1 move to
postpone the prior orders with a view to take up
the District bills.
Mr. BENJAMIN. Take them up to-morrow
morning, but not now. To-morrow is private
bill day.
Mr. BROWN. There is no time, for in the
morning the Senator from Pennsylvania [Mr.
Brodhead] will come up and press his private
business at the first moment, and will not give
way to the District business or anything else.
Mr. BENJAMIN. If it be any comfort to my
friend from Mississippi, I can say that the Sen-
ator from Pennsylvania is sick in bed, and will
not be here.
Mr. CLAY. My colleague gave notice this
morning that he should ask the Senate to take up
to-morrow morning a bill reported by the Com-
mittee on Indian Affairs.
Mr. SEWARD. I think the appeal of the Sen-
ator from Mississippi is grounded in justice, and
for one I am willing to assent to it. This Dis-
trict docs not often detain our attention.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. BROWN. I shall not detain the Senate
fifteen minutes, and I am sure we shall adjourn
very soon, as it is now four o'clock. I move first
to take up the bill (S. No. 385) to incorporate the
Washington Mutual Building Association.
The motion was agreed to; and the bill was
read the second time, and considered as in Com-
mittee of the Whole.
Mr. BROWN. The bill is rather long; and
contains all the details of an act of incorporation.
It secures to Congress the right, in the eighth sec-
tion, to repeal the act, or modify it, at any time
they may think proper. The tenth section makes
the individual stockholders liable for all the debts
of the corporation out of their private funds, or
will do so when I shall have had. the amendment
adopted which I have "in my hand. The ninth
section prohibits anything like banking. I move
to strike out the tenth section, as it now stands,
and to insert this, which is agreed to by the par-
ties:
That the debts and liabilities of the Washington Mutual
Building Association shall not at any time exceed the
amount of their capital, and that each stockholder ;-haH lie
held liable in his, or her, individual capacity for all the
debts and liabilities of the corporation, however incurred
or contiacted, to be recovered by suit, as othei debts and
liabilities, m any court, or before any tribunal having juris-
diction of the ease.
