980
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 21,
States, any aliens or persons of foreign birth,
unless they shall deposit with such captain, mas-
ter, agent, or commander, a certificate, properly
authenticated, from the United States consul or
commercial agent of the port from which each
person embarked, certifying that he is of good
character, and has never been convicted of any
criminal offense, or been a public pauper. Any
officer of any vessel, who violates this provision,
is to be deemed guilty of a misdemeanor, and, upon
conviction thereof by any court of competent juris-
diction, is to be punished by a fine of five hundred
dollars for each offense.
Mr. ADAMS. I ask the Senate to name some
day for which the bill just reported maybe made
the special order. I know that there is a recom-
mendation of the committee that it do not pass;
but that requires the sanction of the Senate. I
desire that the bill be made a special order, and I
will suggest this day two weeks, so as not to
interfere with other business. This was one of
the first bills introduced at this session.
Mr. PUGH. I concur with the Senator from
Mississippi that this bill is one of very great
importance. It is one of very great interest to
the State which I have the honor jto represent.
I think it ought to engage the attention of the
Senatejbut it seems to me that this day two weeks
is too early a period. It is a very elaborate prop-
osition—to amend the existing naturalization laws
—and I suggest that some time should bo feet be-
fore which we can dispose of the questions relat-
ing to the Territory of Kansas. If my friend
will agree to it, I will suggest this day three
"weeks.
Mr. ADAMS. If other intervening business
should prevent its consideration, of course it can
lie over for a week.
The PRESIDENT. The first question will
be on taking up the bill for consideration.
t Mr. ADAMS. It is reported now, and the
' report is before the Senate. The committee
having reported it, I ask, white it is under con-
sideration, that it may be made a special order.
The PRESIDENT. What day does the Sen-
ator name ?
Mr. ADAMS. My friend from Ohio suggests
this day three weeks, in order that all other busi-
ness may be disposed of before tins bill be taken
up. J theieforc move to postpone it to Monday,
May 12, and make it the special order for one
o'clock on that day.
The motion was agreed to.
COMMITTEE SERVICE.
Mr. PIT55PATXIICK was, on his motion, ex-
cused from further service as a member of the
Committee on Engrossed Bills, and Mr. Bigler
was appointed to fill the vacancy thus creatcd.
CIRCUIT COURT IN CALIFORNIA.
Mr. TOOMBS. Mr. President, I ask the con-
sent of the Senate to take up the bill (S. No. 33)
to alter and amend an act, entitled " An act to es-
tablish a circuit court of the United States m and
for the State of California," approved March 3,
1855, which was introduced by the Senator from
California, [Mr. Wkllijr.] Itis important with
reference to the regulation of the terms of the
court and the jurisdiction of some causes there.
There are two or three provisions in the bill which
ought to be passed at once, and to which I sup-
pose there will be no objection. The Committee
on the Judiciary have unanimously recommended
the amendments reported to the bill, and I pre-
sume they can be disposed of in a few moments.
I ask the indulgence of the Senate to take it up
and pass it. It is important for the administra-
tion of justice.
The PRESIDENT. The Chair understands
that the bill has not been returned from the
printers.
Mr, TOOMBS. Then I shall ask the indul-
fence of the Senate to take it up after it shall have
een printed.
BOUNTY LAND LILL.
On motion of Mr. FOOT, the Senate, as m
Committee of the Whole, resumed the consider-
ation of House bill (H. II. No. 8) to amend the
"Act in addition to the several acts granting
bounty land to certain officers and soldiers who
have 6een engaged in the military service of the
United States, approved March 3, 1855; the
pending question being upon the motion of Mr.
Weller, to reconsider the vote of the Senate
adopting the amendment proposed by Mr. Iver-
son, to strike out the third section,after the word
" enacted," and insert:
That so much of the third section of the act " in addition
toceitam acts giantmg bounty land to certain officers and
.soldiers who have been engaged in the military service of
the United States," approved March 3, J8o5, as requires the
party claiming a certificate or warrant under the pro visions
of said act to establish his or her right theieto by rccord
evidence of the service for which said certificate oi warrant
has been or may be claimed, be, and the same is hereby,
repealed ; and parol evidence, where no record evidence
exists, may be admitted to prove the scrvice performed,
under such rules and regulations as the Pension Office may
prescribe."
Mr. PUGH. I hope the Senate will reconsider
the vote, in order to enable me to offer an amend-
ment perfecting the original section.
The PRESIDENT. The first question is on
reconsidering.
Mr. IVERSON. I am willing to vote for the
reconsideration, in order to receive the amend-
ment.
The motion to reconsider was agreed to; and
the question recurred on the adoption of Mr.
Iverson's amendment.
Mr. PUGH. Pending the motion to strike out
the third section, I move to perfect it, by adding
to it the following proviso:
Jlnd provided also, That paiol testimony shall be received
under the like rules! and regulations, in the cases of those
volunteets and militia-men who were actually engaged m
battle at the desti uetion of tlie bug Regent, on the eoas t of
New Jeisey, under tlicoideia of the Executive of stud State ;
and the cases of those wlio were actually engaged in battle,
or taken pusoneis, wiien au expedition trom the blockading
squadion entered Gieat Egg Iiaibor, on the said coast; and
the carets of those volunteers, or militia-men, who were
called into service by either of the States of Alabama,
Geoigia, or Florida, to suppress the hostilities of the Cheeks,
Scnmioles, or other Indiana ; and to piove the term of ser-
vice of ail persons wlto vveie taken prisoners, and actually
confined in the prisons or on board the ships of the enemy;
arid bueli confinement or other imprisonment shall be con-
sidered equivalent to scrvice under the act to which tlus is
an amendment.
Mr. IVERSON. The amendment of the Sen-
ator from Ohio does not exactly go as far as I
would wish. It covers some of the cases in which
I f.'ol an interest, and in which my constituents
are interested, but it does not cover all the cases;
which it should include. The amendment, it
Kcvnis to me, restricts parol evidence to cases
where troops were called out, cither by the public
authority of the United States, or by State au-
thority. Since the discussion occurred the other
day on the subject, I have received a letter from
a reliable gentleman in Alabama, from which I will
lead an extract to the Senate, to show the hard-
ship of a case which would not come under the
Senator's amendment. Itis dated April 15,1856,
and is as follows:
l-1 am requested to write to you to inquire about some
land claim* of several gentlemen with whom 1 am ac-
quainted, who live in Pike county, Alabama. In 1^06 they
volunteered under Captain William Ed'je, to the number of
eighty; and they fought one battle with the Indians. They
mb-ieqiientlv joined (ienei.il VVelhuin, and were engaged
in a second battle. They have sent their claims to the
Laud Ofhce,and thev leain that then churns, have been sus-
pended toi want of iceoid evidence."
I have also the letter of the Commissioner of
Pensions in reply to an application in one of these
cases:
Pension Office, February 1*3, 1856.
Sir: The application of George Gilniorc for bounty land
under the act of (id .March, I boo, (No. 140,341,) has been
examined, and the claim suspended.
Service i^ alleged to have been lendeiedm Captain Wil-
liam Edge's company, Alabama volunteers.
The Auditor reports "not onrolU;" and a<? the third
seenon ot said act requite* service to he established by
record evidence, parol testimony is inadmissible. The
claim will, therefore, remain suspended until the service
i' established by recoid evidence, as contemplated by said
act. Respectfully, &c.,
J. MIXOT, Commissioner.
13. W. B. Bayzer. Esq., Notasidga, Alabama.
That company, among others, volunteered
without being called out by the State or any other
authority. The facts were these: During the
1 existence of the Creek war of 1836, after the main
1 body of the hostile warriors had been captured
\ by General Jesup, in command of the Govern-
! ment troops, a large body of warriors went off
! from the mam body, and made an attempt to gut
5 to Florida to join the Seminolcs. They went
j down through the southern counties of Alabama—
j Pike, Barbour, and others—committing deproda-
, tions as they went. The people of the adjoin-
j ing counties, for the purpose of arresting their
1 progress, organized themselves into companies.
volunteered, and went in search of these Indians.
They overtook them, and one battle was fought.
Subsequently the companies joined together,
under the command of General "Welburn, and
had a very desperate and sanguinary struggle in
the swamps of Pedeeriver, in that State, in which
a great number of both whites and Indians were
killed. There were several of these companies.
They were not called into service, but, like the
Plattsburg volunteers, went to the scene of action
the moment danger threatened the neighborhood.
They volunteered, assembled, formed themselve3
into companies, organized by the election of offi-
cers, and went into the engagement. They were
not mustered into service, because there were no
officers of the Government there to perform that
duty. They had no rolls; they now have noth-
ing by which they can prove their service, except
parol testimony. They may not have been, and
probably were not, in service fourteen days. It
was an emergency, existing perhaps for only
three or four days. They were engaged, how-
ever, in two very dangerous and sanguinary bat-
tles. This service is notorious in the country in
which I live, and to the Senator from Alabama.
The amendment of the Senator from Ohio, the
Senate will see, does not meet such a case as this.
Mr. PUGH. Iam willingto include thesecases
in my amendment if the Senator will give me the
names of the battles. These persons are enti-
tled to bounty land if they have been engaged in
battle.
Mr. IVERSON. Other companies also organ-
ized, and were engaged in battle.
Mr. FITZPATRICK. 1 am intimately ac-
quainted with all the facts stated by my honora-
ble friend from Georgia, [Mr. Iverson,] and his
statement is perfectly correct. Two of the hardest
fought battles during the Indian outbreak in 1836,
were fought by the identical troops to which he
has alluded. One of them was a very sanguin-
ary battle, in which there were a number killed
on both sides. I think, if any troops are entitled
to bounty land at the hands of Congress, these
are as fairly entitled as any m the country.
The PRESIDENT. Before the amendment of
the Senator from Ohio can be considered, the
amendment of the Senator from Georgia must be
disposed of.
Mr. PUGH. I stated that, if the Senator would
give me the names of the battles and the names of
the places at which they were fought, I was will-
ing to include them m my amendment.
"Mr. BRODHEAD. I supposed the amend-
mcntofthc Senator from Georgiawas withdrawn.
Mr. IVERSON". No, sir.
The PRESIDENT. It is now before the
Senate, and the question is on agreeing to it.
Mr. IVERSON. The state of the question is
this: My amendment was adopted as in Commit-
tee of the "Whole, buthas been reconsidered, and
is now again before us as in Committee of the
"Whole, for adoption. The Senator from Ohio
has introduced a substitute for it. My amend-
ment authorized parol evidence to be admitted
generally, and universally to show service m
every case under the law of 1355. The amend-
ment of the Senator from Ohio restricts parol
evidence to particular cases specified in it. I
prefer my own amendment, which will allow
parol evidence in all cases. I think, if one case
is entitled to be proved by parol evidence, all
ought to be; and therefore I shall vote against the
substitute of the Senator from Ohio.
Mr. BRODHEAD. I think, Mr. President,
that the amendment proposed by the Senator
from Ohio is a proper substitute, and a very lib-
eral offer of compromise upon the pait of the
Committee on Public Lands, who matured this
bill, the symmetry of which would be destroyed,
in my opinion, hy the adoption of the amend-
ment of the Senator from Georgia. When the
subject was before under consideration, the com-
mittee resisted the admission of parol testimony;
now they have offered a substitute by the hands
of the Senator from Ohio, which seems to me to
be quite a liberal provision; and I think it woulti
be better to adopt it, although it may not cover
every meritorious case. It is well known that I
am in favor of a liberal bounty land law; but it
is impossible to embrace every ease in a general
bill.
The Senator from Georgia has road certain let-
ters. Why, sir, I receive letters of the same kind
