1850.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
255
caucus, it was almost unanimously rejected by
them it was repudiated by them,—and that
when he offered the plurality resolution he did it
upon his own individual responsibility.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. When it was
rejected by the Democratic caucus, Mr. Stanton
stated to the caucus that he would offer it in the
House 011 his own responsibility. Such is my
recollection.
Mr. TAPPAN. I will continue what I have
to say by way of reply to the gentleman from
Georgia, [Mr. Cobb.]
Mr. GIDDINGS. I want one moment. My
friends and the gentleman will understand that I
have not attempted to make an issue of personal
veracity with any gentleman. I place them in
opposition to the record, and not to what I say.
They contradict the record by their recollection;
it goes out to the country, and it will bear that
influence to which their word is entitled; but I
take no explanation after seven years have elapsed;
X take no explanation of any individual. This
record was made up at the time; every man saw
it, and none corrected it. I say, then, that the
country and the world will hold them as a party
responsible to it.
Mr. ORR. Nobody disputes the record.
Mr. TAPPAN. Mr. Clerk, my friend from
Indiana [Mr. Mace] remarked the other day, that
in his judgment the responsibility for the disor-
fanization of the House rests with the anti-Ne-
raska men. This remark must have been made
without reflection, because I think it can easily
be demonstrated there is no such majority on this
floor. It was said by the distinguished gontle-
ma$(from Georgia [Mr. Cobb] that it was in the
' power of the Republican party to have elected my
friend from Ohio [Mr. Campbell] the Speaker
of this House. I do not think that vote was any
fair test oil this question,because it was well un-
derstood that, another gentleman had been put in
nomination by a caucus of the anti-Nebraska
men. Still, I may be permitted to say, that if the
distinguished gentleman from Ohio had stood in
nomination as does Mr. Banks, for the speaker-
ship of this House, the result would have been
very different. Ifit had not been that the majority
of the anti-Nebraska men were in such a posi-
tion, by their caucus, that they could not vote for
Mr. Campbell, I think the result of that vote
would not have shown that lie could have been
elected. That is my judgment of the matter.
Now how stands the fact m regard to the divis-
ion of parties in this House ? I take the vote
of yesterday for Speaker as a fair criterion. I
think that all the preceding votes will show the
same result. That vote goes to show clearly and
emphatically that there is not an anti-Xcbraska
majority on this floor. I should be glad that it
were otherwise. X do not rejoicc over the fact
that there is a majority against us. I should be
delighted if there were a majority of men here
who would stand together oil the simple l&sue
that the slave power shall not take anything by
the repeal of the Missouri compromise—stand
together in favor of the restoration of that com-
promise. Yet the facts show that such is not
the case.
Mr. COBB, of Georgia. The gentleman will
let me ask him a question. Am 1 right or wrong
in stating, that if the fifty-two Banks men who
voted against the resolution to elect Mr. Camp-
bell, of Ohio, into the Speaker's chair, had voted
for it, Mr. Campbell would have been elected ?
Mr. TAPPAN. The position of the, anti-Ne-
braska men, in consequence of their caucus, was
such that they could notabandon their candidate.
Mr. COBB. Then the position of the gentle- j
man and those with whom he acts is this: they !
justify a refusal to organize the House on the
ground that they cannot abandon tlieir caucus
candidate.
A Voice. Is not that your position ?
Mr. COBB. We have not hud it in our power
to elect a man in whom we have as much confi-
dence as gentlemen of their party profess to have
in Mr. Campbell.
Mr. TAPPAN. The Democrats refused to
abandon their man.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. Allow me to
ask a question of the gentleman from Georgia.
Can there be any better test of the fact whettier
there is, or not, an anti-Nebraska majority m the
House, than is presented by the failure to elect
the honorable gentleman from Massachusetts,
[Mr. Banks?] Is there any anti-Nebraska man
who denies that Mr. Banks is sound on all the
questions growing out of slavery? Not one, I
believe. Is there one who doesnot acknowledge
the eminent qualifications of that gentleman for !
the speakership ? Notone. Then, if there is not
a member of the anti-Nebraska portion of the
House wlio doubts the orthodoxy or cavils at
the position of the gentleman from Massachusetts
on the question of slavery, or on any of the ques-
tions now before the country, and if there is not
a man who doubts his fitness for the position of
Speaker, how can the gentleman from Georgia
say that there is an anti-Nebraska majority in
this House?
Mr. COBB. I have not said a word about anti-
Nebraska majority. So far as I now recollect
the point I made, I said that the anti-Nebraska
or Banks men could have elected Mr. Campbell;
that, if those who voted against the resolution of
the gentleman from Iowa [Mi>. Thorinoton] had
voted for it, the House would now be organized,
and Mr. Campbell, of Ohio, would be the Speaker.
The gentleman from Maine says that Mr. Banks
has all the qualifications which he mentions; then
I am to understand him to kay that Mr. Campbell
has none of them. If so, that is his judgment.
Mr. WASHBURN. I said no such thing.
What I have said admits of no such inference.
Mr. Banks appears before the House as a caucus
candidate—as a candidate of the anti-Nebraska
men. He is not exposed to objections from any
who act with the anti-Nebraska party of this
House. I do not understand that the gentleman
from Indiana [Mr. Dunn] the other (lav made any
objection to the position occupied by Mr. Banks.
I do not know that there is a mail on our side of
the House—any one who claims to be ail anti-
Nebraska man—who doubts the opinions enter-
tained by the gentleman from Massachusetts. I do
not know that one has questioned them. There
is not one, I am sure, whether in his favor, or
in opposition to him, who does not candidly ac-
knowledge his eminent fitness for the position.
Mr. B\nks is the anti-Nebraska candidate, then,
and the inference from the failure to elect linn is,
that there is not an anti-Nebraska majority in this
Hall.
Mr. COBB. I hope the gentleman will allow
me. I call on the gentleman to tell why Mr.
Campbell will not do for Speaker of this House
if he is possessed of tin- qualifications of the gen-
tleman from Massachusetts? and I ask him why
the fifty-two whom I have, indicated refused to
organise the House1
Mr. WASHIHJRN. One word in reply.
Mr. Tj\ PPA N. I insist on the floor.
Mr. WASHBURN. Very well, then; I will
take another opportunity to reply.
Mr. EtJSTlS. Will the gentleman from New
Hampshire permit lue to put a question to the
gentleman from Maine?
Mr. TAPPAN. I wish to continue my re-
marks. My purpose, Mr.' Clerk, was merely to
show, by an analyzation of the vote cast yester-
day and by other votes, that there is not an anti-
Nebraska majority in this House. 1 mean by i
that, that there is not a majority in favor of!
, restoring the Missouri compromise, or opposed
! to the admission of Kansas as a slave State. I
lament the fact; I v/ish it wore otherwise; but
such, it seems to me, is the fact.
How stood the vote yesterday? The vote for
Mr. Banks was ninety-four; for Mr. Pc,\tning~
ton, six. Tt may be doubted whether all those
who vote for Mr. Pen\\ti\tgton are anti-Nebraska
men; whether they would vote for the restoration
I of theMissouii compromise, or against the admis-
j sion of Kansas os a slave JState. But admit for
j the purpose of argument that they are. The vote
! of Mr. Pexnistg ro\- and Mr. Banks would be one
hundred; the vote for Mr. Richardson and Mr.
Fuller, united, would be exactly the same. Then
we have three scattering votes—those of the dis-
tinguished gentleman from Illinois, [Mr. Rich-
ardson,] of the distinguished Gentleman from
Pennsylvania, [Mr. Fuller,] and ot the gen-
tleman from New York, [Mr. Wheeler,] who,
II I understand, " acquiesces " in the passage of
![ the Nebraska bill; besides that, the gemi-man
j; from Mississippi, [Mr. Benni/i'i ,] who votes
11 for Mr. Richardson, was out of the House when
li the vote was taken
I think an analyzation of other votes on pre-
vious days will show the same facts, and prove
that there is a majority of from four to six—and,
perhaps, of eight—in this House against the res-
toration of the Missouri compromise, or wh'o
would not vote against the admission of Kansas
and Nebraska into tho Union as slave States.
Then, if that be so, where is the justicc or pro-
priety of holding the anti-Nebraska party respons-
ible for the non-organization of this Irlouse ? I
say, sir, that it does not rest there, but with all
those members who refuse now to vote for the
plurality rule. Now, what arc the facts? Instead
of an earnest effort on the part of gentlemen of all
parties to organize this House by the adoption of
that rule—a rule for which there is a Democratic
precedent, and which prevails in nearly or quite
every congressional district in the United States,
and 1)y the operation of which a majority, prob-
ably, of the members of this body were clectcd—
we have, ever since the commencement of tho
session, listened to the skirmishing between our
Democratic friends and the gentlemen who fol-
low Mr. Fuller, of Pennsylvania,as their leader,
agreeing, as they do, upon the slavery question,
to see which shall head the other in the presiden-
tial campaign down South, and make most capital
for the political contest which is so soon to come
off.
The responsibility, then, is with those who
consume time in this way, and not with those
who have offered the plurality rule, and are will-
ing to vote for it now upon a Democratic prece-
dent, or one established by Democratic votes in
1841). The proceedings upon this floor, I think,
have shown that the House cannot be organized
in any other way than by the adoption of the
plurality rule; and it seems to me to bo the duty
of every member, to whatever party he belongs,
to \ote for that rule; and the responsibility is
with those who refuse to do this,and notwith any
supposed anti-Nebraska majority upon tliis floor.
I do not, Mr. Clerk, undertake to justify the
gentlemen who persist in scattering their votes,
when, perhaps, 111 some conjunctures, an election
might have been effected, if their-votes had all
been given for the anti-Nebraska candidate. I
think that a large measure of responsibility rests
With those men, and that they will bo held to a
strict accountability by their constituents and the
country. But, when the votes show that there
is no reliable anti-Nebraska majority heie, T do
not think it fair to have tho anti-Nebraska party
charged with the responsibility for the state of
things which now exists in this House.
Mr. PURV1ANCE. I desire to offer a reso-
lution.
The CLERK. The Clerk would inform the
gentleman from Pennsylvania, that the resolution
offered by the gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Gid-
dinos] is still pending.
Mr. GIDDINGS. I withdraw it.
Mr. PURVIANCE. I then offer the follow-
ing resolution:
li evolved, That hereafter, until a Speaker is elected, the
fir-t hiKinos of the House shall be to vote upon the ques-
tion, tk Shall (he plurality rule be adopted in the election of
Speaker?" upon winch the previous question shall he con-
sidered called, and the mam question as orcleiod to he
put; utter that, four >ueconsivc voles shall he had lor Speaker,
ami in the meantime all di^cu^on*, motion-:, and personal
explanations fhall he piohifured ; and if no election of
Speaker ssball he effected until the one hundred and twenty-
tlilh vote, the candidate having the highe-t numbei of votes
on the one hundred and twenty-->ixth shall be declared duly
elected Speaker.
Mr. Clerk, I have not troubled the House 
Mr. DAVIDSON, (i&turrupting.) I desire to
ask if that resolution is before the House?
The CLERK. It is.
Mr. DAVIDSON. Does not the resolution
call for the previous question?
The CLERK. Not as the Clerk understands it.
Mr. DAVIDSON. It certainly calls for it.
The CLERK. It will do so after it is passed.
Mr. PURVIANCE. In offering this resolu-
tion, I intend to accompany it with some remarks,
and do not desire to be interrupted, as on a former
occasion. 1 have trespassed but ten minutes be-
fore, and only desxi-e an additional ten minutes
now.
The resolution offered proposes to end all
future debate, and make it the business of the
House to vote c\ery morning upon the plurality
rule—a rule equitable and just m its character,
and the only rule which can be adopted in the
