1856.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
981
every day. It would be impossible for mo or
any other member of the Senate to include in the
bill every case of hardship in regard to which we
receive letters. There are more people—merito-
rious people—who lose their land warrants by
a day's delay in the passage of the bill than will
receive them by enlarging its provisions to suit
particular cases. I therefore hope that the amend-
ment of the Senator from Georgia, will either bo
■withdrawn, now that it has been reconsidered, or
will be voted down, and that we shall follow the
lead of the Committee on Public Lands, who have
had the subject under consideration.
Mr. HALE. I thought, sir, that we had de-
bated this subject pretty fully on Thursday last,
and had come to a definite result upon it. 1 hope
the Senate will adhere to their deliberately-ex-
pressed opinion. I think it is a very bad time for
the Senate to be making this distinction between
parol and record evidence. The legislation of the
States and the practice of the courts is all the
other way lately. There is no such distinction,
and there ought to be none, between parol and
record evidence. The process has been going on
until many, if not most, of the States, now admit
even the parties to a suit to testify; and the
ancient rules of evidence are being departed from.
As I suggested the other day—and if you will go
to the Pension Office you will find it to be true—
there is more fraud committed by the manufac-
ture of record evidence than by the testimony of
false witnesses. Why, sir, there was a case
which occurred not long ago in this District which
may be used as an illustration. A young man
was employed as an agent to get money out of the
Treasury. He took Ins papers from Philadelphia,
had a fac simile of the seal engraved, and went
into the regular manufacture of evidence to draw
money out of the Treasury; and he succceded in
some ten cases, for which, to be sure, he was
sent to the penitentiary; but the history of that
office will show ten cases of fraud by record
evidence to one by false witnesses. I cannot see
any justice in picking out a lot of cases here—
parties engaged in such a fight, and such a fight,
and such a fight—and giving them the benefit of
parol evidence, without extending it generally.
If the principle is good for any case, itis good for
eveiy one; and I hope the Senate will adhere to
the opinion which they expressed IastThursday.
Mr. STUART. Mr. President, the honorable
Senator from New Hampshire has restated
to-day what he said the other day, and that state-
ment was then followed up by certain other Sen-
ators. I thought then that ho was very much
mistaken; but, inasmuch as I could not do more
than state my opinion on the subject against his,
which could not constitute much in the way of
argument, I said nothing. Now, however, I have
in my hand a statement of the Commissioner of
Pensions, which corroborates the views I enter-
tained then, and shows that, instead of there
being a great deal mere fraud perpetrated on that
office by false and fraudulent records than by
false swearing, tiie fact is that there is not one
case in the hundred in comparison.
In regard to this particular case, it will be seen,
when I have the letter read, that, so long as the
actrcquircs record evidence, there is scarcely any
opportunity for fraud at all. The commissioner
explains tiie whole matter in this letter. How
does it happen? Almost all the records are de-
posited here in the Government offices. Almost
all the records referred to are muster-rolls, or
other records made out at the time by the officers
in command, and deposited in the archives of the
Government. There is no chance for fraud there.
When other reeordsare presented from the States,
carrying with them the signatures of the officers,
the Commissioner of Pensions refers them to the
Departments here for the purpose of comparing
the signatures as made by the officers on those
records, with the signatures of the same officers
on the records in the Government offices; and, if
there be a discrepancy in the appearance, it cre-
ates suspicion which suspends the case. So that,
.under the act of 1855, as it stands, it is next to
impossible to commit fraud on the Government
in the presentation of record evidence.
On the other hand, if you repeal that require-
ment, you open the door to affidavits made about
what occurred in the war of 1812 and the war ot'
the Revolution. Why, sir, in the recollection
of witnesses there is great room for imposition;
and every gentleman must see that there is much
greater room for fraud and perjury when there
are no means of detection. That is the point;
whereas, if a fraud is attempted by the substitu-
tion of fraudulent record evidence, there is a
means in the Department records here to detect
it.
I know how easy it is for a Senator to rise
here and say, that these things are so and so;
and I must beg leave to remark to the Senator
from New Hampshire, that when he presented
this question here, I did not think that he pre-
sented it in the very best terms. He said, that if
we examined the Pension Office as thoroughly us
he had done, we should have known the fact to
be as he stated it.
Mr. HALE. No, sir; I never said such a
thing. I never said that I went to the Pension
Office at all.
Mr. STUART. I only stated what the Sen-
ator said.
Mr. HALE. No, sir; I never said it.
Mr. STUART. I do not profess to claim, on
behalf of the Committee on Public Lands, or
myself individually, to have examined all these
questions through the medium of the Pension
Office, or anywhere else. I only claim, for that
committee, and for myself, to have bestowed on
the subject that attention which we have been
able to give to it. Not that we have probed it to
the bottom—not that we have learned all that can
be learned—not that we wish to thrust our views
on the Senate. I have said, again and again, that
I felt perfectly willing that the Senate should de-
cide all these questions according to their own
judgment. I have no peisonal feeling in the
matter; but I had taken some pains, the Senator
from Ohio, [Mr. Pucii,] and the Senator from
Vermont, [Mr. Foot,] had taken a gre.it (leal
more pains, as a sub-committee, to make the
fullest inquiry at the Pension Office on the effect
of allowing parol evidence; and their repoit to
the Committee on Public Lands was sufficient to
produce a unanimous opinion on the part of the
committee, that it would be very dangerous to
adopt it.
Now, sir, I ask, for the information of the
Senate, that this letter may be read; and, in con-
nection with it, I will state another consideration,
and submit it, so far as it may have weight on
the opinions of the Senate. It must be obvious
that the amount of land taken will be very largely
increased if we admit parol evidence. That is a
question which ought to have its weight to some
extent, but I only wish it presented. I think the
estimate of the Commissioner, on this subject, is
too small; but he is conect on the main question,
showing the modus oporandim cases arising under
this act, and showing the certainty with which
he can detect, in almost every case, a fraud at-
tempted to be perpetrated by the substitution of
false record evidence; and then, how dangerous
it would be to admit parol instead of record evi-
dence. I think the question will be presented
very clearly to the Senate by the reading of the
letter, and I ask that it may be now read.
Mr. HALE. Let it be icad.
The Secretary read it, as follows:
I*lnsion orficfc) Jipril 01,1856.
Sir: In reply to the several mqumes made by you at
this office on Saturday last, 1 would state:
From the best emanate which the pie&ent advance of the
work under the act ol March 3d, lt£5. granting bounty land,
enables me to make, the ful!,execution of the act, as itnow
stands, will icquirc, m all, about thirty millions of acres.
Theie are no means for any definite calculation of the
increased amount winch would be required m the execu-
tion of the act, if amended by sfnkmg out the requirement
of record evidence of service, ^o as to allow of parol evi-
dence, as under former acts. The very much shorter term
of servicc required under this act, and the full amount of
land theiebv granted, will gue it, as it now is, a far more
extended operation than that of any former act; indeed,
neaily equal to that of all foimer acts combmcd; for tlic
whole amount of land which, up to September 30th,
last, had been granted under all other acts, including the
acts of 1776 and 1850, for revolutionary seivice*, was less
than thirty-four millions of acres. The operation oi that
requirement thus far m the execution of the act, affords
some grounds for a general opinion as to the effect ot re-
moving that restriction. It does not, however, fully moi-
eate that effect, because many claims have not been made,
because the parties were aware that they could not lurnibh
the record evidence required. I think the effect of dispens-
ing with that requirement, and admitting parol evidence,
would be to increase the amount by nearly live millions of
acres, perhaps more. The amount of the fraudulent claims
for which it would open the door cannot be calculated,
though, with the gieatest care and vigilance on the part of
tins office in the examination of claims, it cannot be
small. Under former acts such claims have been numerous;
but the much shorter term of service required by this act
affords greater facilities, at the same time that, by a larger
amount of land granted, it holds out greater inducements
for them.
You inquired as to the effect of the requirement of record
evidence as a guard against errors and frauds. By far the
great majority of claims under the act are for services iu
the war of 1812. It will readily occur to you how uncertaia,
after so long a lapse of time, must generally be the memory
of persons as to the particulars of the services of others m
that war, especially when narrowed down to so short a
space of time as that required by the act. But the records
made at the time are subject to no such uncertainties. They
show the parties and exact time clearly; and beyond this,
they arc important, also, in identifying the claimant with
the service alleged; because the accordance of a claimant's
statement of his service with the records of that service,
not open to his examination at the time, raises a strong pre-
sumption of the correctness of his claim.
There is very little danger from false records. In most of
the claims the records of the service are the roils in the
several Departments here—sent there after the services
weie rendered, for the purpose of settlement for the same.
Other records are produced from public offices in the sev-
eral States. In these cases there is very little, if any,danger
of fraud in the records. In other claims discharges are of-
fered by individual claimants as record evidence of their
services, and the authenticity of those papers is readily de-
termined by a compauson of the signatures of the officers
by whom signed with those on the rolls by the same officers
in the Departments. Some few rolls from private sources
are offered, and but little difficulty is found in satisfactorily
determining a to their authenticity,from the appearance of
the papers themselves and the evidence as to the sources
from which they come, &c. The great danger of fraud is
from paiol testimony, for which there are no &uch tests, and
against which 110 such guards.
I have the honor to be, with much respect, your obedient
servant, J. MJNOT, Commissioner.
Hon. C. E. Stuart, United States Senate.
The PRESIDENT. The hour appointed for
the special order having arrived, the Senate will
proceed to its consideration unless otherwise or-
dered.
Mr. HALE. I hope I shall be allowed three
minutes. The Senator from Michigan has at-
tributed a statement to me which I have not made,
and I wish to correct it.
The PRESIDENT. The special order must
be taken up, the hour having arrived for its con-
sideration , u nless otherwise ordered by the Senate.
Mr. FITZPATRICK. My colleague is pres-
ent, and his health is rather delicate.
Mr. HALE. I give notice, then, that I shall
reply to the Senator from Michigan as soon as X
can get a chance.
Mr. FITZPATRICK. I move to postpone all
special orders in order to take up the Kansas bill.
Mr. CLAY. I am disposed to consult the
pleasure of the Senate. Although I am,perhaps,
as well prepared to address the Senate now as
I shall be at any other time, yet, if there is a
desire to conclude this matter now before the
Senate, I shall waive my right.
Several Senatoks. Go on now.
The PRESIDENT. The Chair hears no ob-
jection to taking up the bill mentioned by the
Senator from Alabama, [Mr. Fitzpatrick.]
KANSAS AFFAIRS.
The Senate accordingly, as in Committee of
the Whole, resumed tiie consideration of the
bill (S. No. 172) to authorize the people of the
Territory of Kansas to form a constitution and
State government, preparatory to their admission
into the Union when they have the requisite pop-
ulation.
Mr. CLAY spoke for two hours on the general
questions involved in the transactions in Kansas,
the policy of the Government in relation to the
Territories, and the action of the North and South
in regard to the slavery question. His feeble
state of health compelled him to conclude without
finishing the remarks he desired to make. His
speech will be published in the Appendix.
Mr. STUART. I should like to have some
understanding with the Senator from Illinois as
to the postponement of the Kansas question. No
gentleman has the floor on that subject; and I
desire that it shall be postponed to give us an
opportunity of disposing of the river and harbor
bills this week. The Senator from Texas, [Mr.
Houston,] I suppose, will desire to speak to-
morrow, agreeably to the notice which ho has
already given us. I do not wish to submit any
particular motion on the subject, but I desire to
have it understood that it will go over to some
day next week.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I am not certain that the
Senator from Alabama has concluded and yielded
his right to the floor.
