1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1855
The amendment was agreed to. The bill was
reported to the Senate as amended, and the
amendment made as in Committee of the Whole
was concurred in. The bill was ordered to be
engrossed for a third reading, was read the third
time, and passed.
On motion, of Mr. BROWN, the bill (S. No.
338) for the relief of the Columbia Harmony
Society of the city of Washington, was read the
second time, and considered as in Committee of
the Whole. It proposes to authorize the asso-
ciation of free persons of color in the city of
Washington, commonly known as the " Colum-
bia Harmony Society," to sella certain square
of ground, deeded to them on the 26th of Jan-
uary, 1829, by J. Elgan, Commissioner of Pub-
lic Buildings, and known in the plat of Wash-
ington city as square No. 475, and to reinvest the
proceeds in other grounds in the District of Co-
lumbia, outside of the corporate limits of the city
of Washington, but no contract for the sale of
the square is to be binding until first approved
by the Secretary of the Interior, and the rein-
vestment of the funds arising from the sale is in
like manner to be subject to his approval.
Mr. BROWN. I suppose there is no neces-
sity for an explanation of the bill; it explains
itself.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, read the third time, and passed.
Mr. BROWN. I move to take up the bill
(S. No. 384) to incorporate the guardians of the
poor.
Mr. STUART. We should not go on with the
business of the District now. We ought^o dispose
of the business which is the special order.
Mr. BROWN. The Senate agreed to take up
the District of Columbia business, and there are
only one or two little bills that I desire to have
considered now — mere matters of form. This
bill is merely giving to an association already
here a corporate name.
_ Mr. BENJAMIN. Will the Senator state
the titles of the other bills winch he proposes to
take up
Mr. BROWN. A bill to incorporate the guard-
ians of ihe poor, which is simply to give an
association which is already in existence a cor-
porate name; and then a bill to take the sense of
the people living west of Rock creek in the Dis-
trict, upon the question of its retrocession to
Maryland.
Mr. STUART. That cannot be considered
to-day.
Mr. BROWN. I said before, that if the bills
should give use to debate I would let them go
over. The other bill is to incorporate the Ben-
zole Gas Light Company.
Mr. STUART. That cannot pass without
debate.
Mr. BROWN. Then let me pass this bill
now.
The bill (S.No. 384) to incorporate the guard-
ians of the poor was read a second time, and
considered as in Committee of the Whole.
It was reported to the Senate without amend-
ment, ordered to be engrossed for n third read-
ing, read the third time, and passed.
Mr. BROWN. Mr. President, we have been
discussing rivers and harbors a good while, and
the discussion has led me to the conclusion, that
Congress has a right to pass Senate bill No.291,
being a bill to improve the harbor at Georgetown,
in the District of Columbia. As we are on that
subject, I should like to have that bill taken up
and' passed.
Mr. SEWARD. Let it be taken up in its reg-
ular order.
Mr. STUART. I hope we shall be allowed to
resume the consideration of the special order.
Mr. BROWN. This is a capital place to re-
sume it. It is a harbor bill. *
Mr. STUART. 1 hope the Senator will with-
draw the motion.
Mr. WELLER. If the Senator can show the
necessity for another gas company here, we may
take up "his gas bill. "[Laughter.]
Mr. STUART. I hope the Senator from Mis-
sissippi "sv ill withdraw the proposition, and allow
us to take up the special order.
Mr. SEWARD. The Georgetown harbor bill
can bo taken up m its order.
Mr. BROWN. I withdraw my motion to take
up the bill, and I move that the Senate adjourn.
Tt is a quarter after four o'clock.
The motion was not agreed to.
PUBLIC WORKS IN MASSACHUSETTS.
The next bill on the Calendar was the bill (S.
No. G6) for continuing certain public works in
the State of Massachusetts.
Mr. SEWARD. Let that bill be passed over
informally, in consequence of the absence of the
Senator from that State.
The bilf was laid aside informally.
ENROLLED SIGNED.
A message from the House of Representatives
announced that the Speaker had signed the fol-
lowing enrolled bills; which thereupon received
the signature of the President pro tempore:
An act for the relief of the widows and orphans
of the officers, seamen, and marines of the United
States sloop of war Albany, and for other pur-
poses;
An act to continue the improvement of the Des
Moines rapids, in the Mississippi river; and
An act directing the settlement of the account
of David Gordon.
IMPROVEMENT OF ARKANSAS RIVER.
The Senate next proceeded, as in Committee
of the Whole, to consider the bill (S. No. G9)
for continuing the improvement of the Arkansas
river. It appropriates §40,000 for the purpose
indicated in its title.
Mr. CLAY. I should like to see the estimates
for that work. I cannot find them.
Mr. SEBASTIAN. I will state, for the in-
formation of the Senator from Alabama, that the
estimate on which the Committee on Commerce
have reported this bill, is at page 296 of the sccond
volume of the President's messages and docu-
ments. It is
" For the impiovenient of the Arkansas }ivcr,$-10,000.n
The appropriation recommended by the com-
mittee corresponds precisely with tin.: amount of
the estimate.
Mr. WELLER. What is it for?
Mr. SEBASTIAN. To remove snags.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a third
readifig, and was x ad the third time.
Mr. CLAY called for the yeas and nays on the
passage of the bill, and they were ordered; and
being taken, resulted—yeas nays 11; as fol-
lows:
YEAS — Hril of Tenne^ee, Honjamin, Casx,
Ci.nton. Crittenden, Dodge, Duikee, Fevsonden, Fish,
Fo.siei, (ic)ci, Harlan, Johnson, Jones of Fowa, I'ugh,
Seba-tmn. Seward, Smart, Trumbull, Wade, Wellcr,
and Wught-22.
NAYH-Mi'«r&. Rig<rs Brown, Clav, Fitzpatnek, nous-
ton, Ilimtei, lvLifon,.\Ia]loiy, Kcid, Toombs, and Yulee—
11.
So the bill was passed.
HARBOR AT REEDY ISLAND.
The bill (S. No. 95) to continue the construc-
tion of a harbor on the east side of Reedy Island,
was next considers d by the Senate as in Com-
mittee of the Who!'-. It appropnates $30,000.
Mr. CLAY. I .should like to inquire of the Sen-
ator from Delaware whereabouts this harbor is
Air. CLAYTON, I will state to my friend
from Alnbnma thru tins bill was introduced by
my honorable colleague, who is now necessarily
absent; but I think 1 am supply the requisite
information. Reedy Island is a small island of
a few acres within about seven miles of my late
residence. It has a light-house upon it; and this
appropriation is to furnish facilities for completing
the breakwater at the eastern end of it, which is
of vast importance to the commerce of the great
city of Philadelphia, and of all the towns on the
Delaware river above the island. Reedy Islnnd
is perhaps less than ten miles south of the harbor
of New Castle. It is deemed by your engineers
highly important to the commerce of Philadelphia
to have at that part of the Delaware river some
means of protecting ships, from all parts of the
United States 'thai come to that city, from the
floating ice which at some portions of the year is
exceedingly dangerous. Ships in that river some-
times have been cut through and sunk by the ice.
The losses which the Government itself has sus-
tained in the duties on the goods m some of these
ships would perhaps be quite equal to the cost of
the construction of this very harbor.
Some gentlemen in Philadelphia, engaged in
the commerce of that city, resolved on this im-
provement about four years ago. They thought
the best plan would be to make a breakwater
harbor on the cast end of Reedy Island. They
applied to the Government, and a regular survey
"was n\ade, and an estimate presented by the
board of improvement. Chief Engineer Colonel
Totten adopted the plan recommended by Major
Sanders, a highly intelligentand able officer, who
has been engaged on the corps for many years,
and is now the commandantat Fort Delaware, on
the island called the Pea Patch, which is a few-
miles above Reedy Island. Major Sanders, from
his situation, had a better opportunity of know-
ing the currents of the Delaware, and the most
effective mode of constructing this breakwater,
perhaps, than any man in the country. So Col-
onel Totten and the Secretary of War* seem la
have considered, for they have approved his
report. The original estimate was, that they
could make a breakwater that would deflect the
floating ice, for the sum of $51,090. Congress,
about four years since, appropriated $50,000 for
the purpose of making this breakwater. On the
7th of February, 1853, Major Sanders made a
detailed report upon the subject, which is very
elaborate and complete. 1 do not propose to
trouble the Senate with reading it, unless some
gentleman desires to hear it. He states what the
cost will be, and then recommends the construc-
tion of twelve piers. These piers, according to
the original plan, were notto bo permanent struc-
tures; but he proposes to convert them into per-
manent structures, so that they may remain there
for the benefit of the commerce of the country for-
ever. He says:
u Tt is not out of place, before closing my remaiks to say
something on the .subject of oonvci ting these piers* into per-
manent stiueluies To do so. I should piopose cutting otf
all the piles to the common level oi low water, and capping
them with logs''o as to h'nn a solid grillage platfoim, on
which 1 should build a ma*oiny <npeistnietme— the luce
ot eutgianite blocks, laid tu regain coursesdowelled and
clamped together with composition bolt:-, and the interior
space tilled in with conuete. 1 believe it to be a fair ami
ample e timate to allow an aveiage cost of nine thousand
dollai-a pier for such a change. I shah, therefore, hazani
the statement, that .<.100,01)0,  ianted m a single appiopti-
ation, at anytime with tu ten jeuis alter the work is finished,
a- now pioposed, will suffice tbi accomplishing tins desua-
ble object."
After his report comes one from General Totten
to the Secretary of War, approving Major San-
ders's report, in which he says;
A  Major Sanders's station in the Delaware has enabled
hnn to oKeive the efforts of the moving ice, and to aj.pie-
eiate us power, and as the repans of two other such haiboM
ary mtiu&ted to Ins ehaige, f think the details oi hi- project
(winch are the reMiltot hw -tnrtv of the whole subject, and
of his local knowledge) are piob.ihly the best adapted to the
purpose ; and I theiefore concui in his views and have the
honor to present them foi youi approbation."
Then we have the approval of the Secretary of
War in these words:
War 1)i- PARTMf nt, Jipril f>,
Recommendation of Chief Engineer iippioved.
JEPF'N DAVIS,
SetfK'laiy oj fVar.
It appears then 
Mr. SEWARD. I beg to suggest that I have
no doubt the Senate is entirely satisfied with the
honorable Senator's explanation.
Air. CLAYTON. Ihen I shall not trouble the
Senate further.
Mr. CLAY. I asked the question because I
was advised that this suivey of the local a^ent,
or of the gentleman to whom the Senator from
Delaware has referred, had never been supervised
by the board of engineers, and had not received
the approval of the board.
Mr. CLAYTON". I will state to the gentleman
that a mjjorityof the board of improvements, as
it is called, differed from Major Sanders, but one
of them agreed with him, and the chief of the
corps of engineers, General Totten, approved
Sanders's project, and the Secretary of War als>
approved it. The fact to which the gentleman
from Alabama alludes is explained m that way.
Thus the matter stands. I have stated the esti-
mates. A subsequent report from the Depai tmnit,
which I hold in my hand, but will not read unless
requested, state, that the original plan of the work
is yet unfinished, and how much remains to be
done. Sir, I am not myself a commercial man,
but I could look out from my late residence on
