1856.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
245
34th Cong....1st Sess.
Naval Retiring Board—Mr. Houston.
Senate.
Beautifully have they requited that confidence—
have they not ?
" Congress has provided active service and higher rank
for the j onus and aspiring; ease, honorable retirement, and
undiminished P >" '"or the faithful and worthy who have be-
come worn out in the public service; and, in order that this
may be done without any additional call upon the public
Treasury, the younger officers of the Navy are ready to
perform the more responsible duties of higher rank without
demanding the full pay of the rank. And the country looks
to tiie Navy to reform itself— but reformed it must be
This statement is made by Mr. Du Pont, for
he handed in the paper for publication; and it is
his—that act made it his. To him belongs the
responsibility, and I hold him responsible to the
nation—measurably responsible for the outrage
that has been done to the country, for the wrongs
to individuals, and for the mutilation of ourNavy
—the destruction of its efficiency, and the annihi-
lation of its chivalry.
But, sir, it is admitted that there are some "bard
cases" resulting from the action of this board.
The chairman of the Committee on Naval Affairs
has said in his report, that there are some hard
cases; but I tell you that some of the hardest cases
yet remain in the Nary. [Laughter.] There are
cases of manifest wrong and injury to men who
have been disrated; but the change has given no
increased efficiency to this arm of national defense.
I can point to many competent and efficient among
those who have been dismissed for alleged ineffi-
ciency. I have already referred to Mr. Maury's
case, and here I will say that he has never visited
me; I have never speken to him during the pres-
ent session but on one occasion, when I met him
at the President's House, and passingly saluted
him. He has not called on me; he has not im-
eored me to vindicate his character, and sustain
m as a friend. Nor have other officers done
this. I have sought them for information to ascer-
tain, if possible, the wrongs inflicted on them, so
that I might, in my plain and humble way, as far
as I could, vindicate them, and repel ana ignore
the charges brought against them; but they have j
not sought me. I
What next ? Towards the conclusion of this
two-column article, I find this language:
" The naval board is charged to scrutinize the men of the
Navy, to name those unfit for every exigency of active ser-
vice. The President is directed to remove such as are so
designated from the actice-service list. If the board fail in
its duty, Congress will find a remedy and a mode of execu-
ting it. More than one radical measure of reform has been
proposed: four-year appointments, vacating all commis-
sions, and the like. The moderation of the people, of the
majorities in Congress, and faith in the high-minded honor
of naval officers,have prevented such rash courses."
It is a pity that these considerations did not
prevent the board from taking so rash a course
as that which they have pursued. Confidence in
the honor of naval officers would have saved some
of the chivalry and elite of the Navy. Some of
its proudest spirits have been sent adrifl. Who
are now in their places ? Men of superior quali-
fications, superior merit, superiormoral standing,
or superior worth ? Not at all; but their places are
vacated; they have not been properly filled. The
article thus concludes:
" Bat if Congress see that they not only have among them
men who are inefficient, but also that the whole body is
infected so as to be incapable of applying a remedy, they
will find a short cut to the conclusion that there is little of
the old material worth preserving. They may relieve them-
selves of the trouble of picking the sound out of the rotten
by cutting off ail together."
Sir, rather than submit to the action of this
board, by which rank injustice has been perpe-
trated; rather than submit to the wrong which
has been done to generous and manly spirits who
have served their country; rather than suffer under
the wounded feelings of honorable men, the
blighted expectations and hopes of theirfamilies,
their children dishonored, their wives' happiness
destroyed and feelings crushed, I would vote to
repeal—repeal—repeal every act that recognizes
a Navy in the country, and would see every
vessel scuttled to the bottom of the ocean. We
can rebuild ships; we can obtain artisans and ma-
terials to replace our vessels; we have resources
which could be thus expended, though it would
take our surplus revenue. Still, sir, though we
may have mints to coin silver and jjold, we have
no mints here to coin gallant hearts. No, sir: the
generous, noble heart is coined in nature's mint,
and struck in the die of Divinity. It is there that
we are to look for seamen. It is an impress which
Yes, sir; if the Senator
can never be given by the present organization
of the Navy; but degradation and dishonor will
be brought upon it. My friend the chairman of
the Committee on Naval Affairs has said, that
Commodore Stewart's dead body might, upon
a ship of war, cause Victory to perch upon her
pennant, but that you might fill her with Maurys
from keel to deck and it would not cause one thrill
in a sailor's heart. Was that remark intended to
disparage the just claims of Maury to admira-
tion ? His scientific attainments are too great for
that; but he has qualities aside from his scientific ,
attainments. He was a sailor who performed his
duty—or his comrades belie him—so long as he :
was at sea; and he was at sea a fair proportion of
his time. He was a fine sailor and a fit man; but
the nation could not dispense with his services
in his present position, or he would have partici-
pated in the war with Mexico, and there have
shown his gallantry and daring.
Mr. MALLORY. Does my friend wish me
to answer the question which he put a few mo-
ments ago?
Mr. HOUSTON,
pleases.
Mr. MALLORY. The honorable Senator asks
whether the remark to which he alludes, made by
me on a former occasion, was designed to dispar-
age the claims of Lieutenant Maury. Certainly
he could not have listened to all that I said on
that occasion, or it would have been unnecessary
to ask the question now. I occupied a very
considerable portion of my time in extolling those
services, by comparing him with the first mathe-
maticians and astronomers that the world has ever
known; but those remarks were in consequence
of, and followed an attempt, as I understood it,
to contrast the services of Lieutenant Maury with
those of Admiral Nelson. So far from disparag-
ing Lieutenant Maury's attainments as a philos-
opher, I expressly conceded that tney were of the
highest character; but I did say that they did not
constitute a title to military command.
Mr. HOUSTON. Then I will ask the honor-
able chairman what were his deficiencies?
Mr. MALLORY. I am not here to point out
the deficiencies of individuals. I have stated the
abstract proposition that the highest attainments
in science do not constitute title to military com-
mand. That is the proposition; and if the hon-
orable Senator will argue it witK me, I shall be
very happy to meet him. The peculiar deficien-
cies of any individual member of the Navy, are
not before us for discussion; nor do I propose to
enter into any personal examinations of the quali-
fications of any man in the Navy. I know too
well the position which I occupy, and the charac-
ter of this forum, to introduce here a discussion
of that character.
Mr. HOUSTON. I am very much gratified at
the gentleman's remarks,for tney are instructive.
He has told us in a few words all that the chair-
man of the naval retiring board and its members
have told us. He has told us nothing of the ob-
jections made to Mr. Maury. I have this to say
of Mr. Maury: That he has proved himself a
sailor, ready for service; and he is one of the first
men of his age, and is so recognized throughout
the world. If he has distinguished himself in
science, and under the orders of the Government
of the United States has been detailed for shore
duty, it certainly does not disqualify him for
"active service, because there is not employment
for one half, or one third, or one fifth of the offi-
cers of the American Navy, I believe, by manning
all the vessels which we have. If he is employed
on shore, there are others who, for the increased
pay, are always anxious to go to sea. There are
more than can get employment. And while he
is profitably occupied for the benefit of the coun-
try, and while he is shedding a halo around its
name, and rendering it illustrious as far as Chris-
tendom extends, I think it a small offense that he
is a votary of science; and he should not be
stricken down for the reasons intimated by one
of the gentlemen of the board.
But what was the situation of the board ? They
were all indorsed by the Secretary of the Navy
as they were detailed for that service; and there-
fore, of course, all doubts of their merit were put
out of the question. Now, sir, there are in this
matter some of the most striking and singular
coincidences of which it is possible to conceive.
It is a singular coincidence that these men should
have been detailed, and that most of them should
have been associated formerly, and that this de-
tail should have been under the circumstances
under which it occurred. The honorable Senator
from Delaware says that it was against Captain
Du Pont's desire that he served on the board, and
I must take it for granted, because he says so. I
have no doubt such is the impression on his mind;
but, when the facts are investigated, the same con-
clusion cannot be arrived at by any one who has
notapersonal acquaintance with Captain Du Pont,
and has not received his personal assurance to
that effect.
Now, sir, I like to see things work evenly,
smoothly, clearly, and fairly; and to show that
no charge of delinquency of a public character
had ever been made against Lieutenant Maury,
I will, in a very short time, advert to the circum-
stances; but in the mean time I must relate an
anecdote connected with this subject. _What I
shall relate comes from such a source that it cannot
be doubted; and I will name the officers for fear
that an unjust reflection or a compliment—I will
not say which—might be cast on others.
Commanders Magruder, Pendergrast, Du Pont,
and others, who (at least the last two named)
became members of the board, were, as they
often were, in conclave in the office of the " in-
spector of ordn\akce"—not that the gallant old
officer who presided in that office united with them,
for he did not—as I said, these officers were there,
and very busily engaged in conversation; and, on
the entrance of the " Inspector of Ordnance," they
rose andleft the room, when he picked up the Naval
Register, and observed on the margin the names
of some thirty or thirty-two commanders marked
with the letters R., F., D., (reserved, furlovghed,
dropped.) He remarked, " You have been hard
on your grade;" when Magruder, who had re-
mained when the other conspirators left—(having
dotted their commanders)—took the Register ana
observed, "We were merely amusing ourselves by
looking over the list;''—an agreeable amusement, cer-
tainly! The conference was consequently broken
up. They were, as Antony would say, "dotted."
But he had counted the thirty-two names of the
persons who had been proscribed, and this was
weeksbefore the boardmet. Yet, it is said, everything
was decided by a vote after the board met in June.
The Secretary of the Navy detailed the officers
only a few days previous to the meeting of the
board—the 5th of June. On the 14th, two of the
members arrived at New York, and were imme-
diately summoned from there. These two were
Commodore McCauley and Captain Stribling.
They were summoned, and they sat on the board.
I shall have something to say of them presently.
I wish to do justice to everybody. In order to
do justice we must understand the case; and for
that purpose I have the information requisite to
place the character of one of the members of this
board in a situation that will enable the Senate
to determine whether the decision of officers, such
as he, could be of that impartial, pure, and im-
maculate character necessary to give it weight
and influence, not only with the American Sen-
ate, but with the American community.
Mr. MALLORY. Permit me to ask the hon-
orable Senator to repeat the names of the parties
of whom he has spoken ? I believe he has named"
some who were not on the board.
Mr. HOUSTON. Mr. Magruder was not on
the board, but it was understood that he was the
principal arranger. He was there at the time I
mention, but he was not on the board.
Mr. MALLORY. What were the names ?
Mr. HOUSTON. I cannot speak positively
as to names, but I will give them as I understood
them. 1 have no memorandum, and may be
incorrect. They were Magruder, Du Pont, Pen-,
dergrast, and others.
Mr. MALLORY. Did I understand the hon-
orable Senator to say that there were thirty-five
captains marked ?
Mr. HOUSTON. " Dotted."
Mr. BAYARD. Do I understand the honora-
ble Senator to state these facts upon the authority
of a particular individual, or on rumor ?
Mr. HOUSTON. On the authority of Com-
modore Skinner—that is all.
