846
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[March 18,
34th Cong....1st Sess.
Naval Retiring Board—Mr. Houston.
Senate.
Mr. BAYARD. Did the honorable Senator say
Commodore Skinner told him the names ?
Mr. HOUSTON. I am not certain as to the
names of all; but there were two or three of them
■who were afterwards on the board. Now, we
must look at a very important matter in relation
to Captain Stribling. I call the attention of the
honorable chairman of the Committee on Naval
Affairs to the circumstances. I believe he says
that when a midshipman quits the Naval Acad-
emy he is considered qualified to command a
frigate.
Mr. MALLORY. Theoreticedly.
Mr. HOUSTON. But if he cannot do it prac-
tically it is of no use; for theory never did any-
thing in the world worth speaking of. Are they
qualified to do it practically ?
Now, sir, 1 intend to consider the case of a
fentleman who was a member of the board—a
istinguished scientificgentleman—who was, as I
am informed, four years in charge of the Naval
Academy, and was also at one time in charge
of the flag-ship of the West India squadron—
Commodore McCauley's flag-ship. The gentle-
man to whom I refer is Captain Stribling. Mark
you, he is the gentleman who was to qualify
midshipmen to command a frigate when they
leave tne Naval Academy! We wiil see liow
much he knows about the matter, or how little
he has done—on« or the other. I think it is one
of the most pertinent cases I ever knew in my
life; and 1 think some of the acts under it will
appear very impertinent compared with its per-
tinency. [Laughter. ] I have before me the cor-
respondence in relation to the matter of which I
will speak. Captain Stribling was at sea with
his ship between seven and nine months. He
had been ordered out in the summer of 1854, in 1
the steam frigate San Jacinto, with a view to
proceeding to the Baltic, to protect our interests
in the presence of the English and French fleets;
but, becoming disabled at sea, put into Boston and
was refitted; again refitted twice at Southampton,
England; visited Prance, and Spain, and theWest
Indies; and returned to Philadelphia in March,
1855, and was immediately ordered to take Com-
modore McCauley on board, and proceed to the
co&st ofCuba, to protect our flag from aggression,
as the flag-ship of Commodore McCauley in the
West India squadron, at a time of great excite-
ment—I think in April last—at a time when i t
was understood that every American naval vessel
which went into the West India seas had author-
ity to strike the enemy whenever they met them,
if the slightest indignity was offered to our na-
tional flag. In a vessel on such a station as that,
everything should have been in preparation,
ready at any moment for a conflict with the ad-
versary. If it was not, this gentleman was to
blame. He was the captain. He went out in
that squadron; and when he returned, an in-
spection was made of his vessel. I will give
you the result of it. Perhaps it is the only ves-
sel ever in the service of the United States that
returned in such a condition as that in which this
vessel is reported to have been; and the very fact
of reporting the truth by a gentleman, who is a
very respectable captain and sailor, cost him his
epaulets. Yea, he was stricken down; it was
a dangerous thing not to be a favorite of that
board under the new regime. A man was lucky
if fee came within their fttvpr.
The first letter I will rea^ is the following:
Navy-Ya^p, N*w Ybbx, June 9], 1865.
.cUrc"lar of May, 1949. the United States
■teamer San Jiuanto, Captain C. K. Striking, commander.
toS M a 13 P°rt'has been inspected and exam-
ined, aad I have the honor to report that the shin waa
found In a clean and healthy condition.
The crew were exercised at quarters, and the usual evo-
lution* were gone through with. The result of the exam-
uiation was not so satisfactory as desired, as will mora
wbo mudeit accompanying report from the officer*
I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant.
CHARLES BOAIt.MAN, Commandant.
Hon. J. C. Dobbin, Secretary of the Navy, Washington.
This is what was written by Captain Boarman,
the commandant of the New York navy-yard to
tlw Secretary- of the Navy. It was communicated
tQ w Senate in answer to a call on the Depart-
ment for the papers.
The officers by whom this inspection was
made were W. L. Hudson and H. H. Bell, com-
manders, and P. Drayton, lieutenant. The report
was made on the 19th of June, 1855. Did not
the board meet on the 20th? I will proceed to
I examine this report:
! Report of an inspection of the United States steam-frigate
1 San Jacinto, Captain C. K. Stribling commanding, made
| ly Commander W. L. Hudson, senior officer present, this
19<A day of June, 1865, at the navy-yard, Neu> York.
Armament.—Two 64-pounder pivot-guns, and eight 8-
inch guns of 63 hundred weight, truck-carriages.
1. Date of last inspection: Never inspected.
2. Date of target practice since last inspection: May 10.
3. Tune of beating to quarters : 11.39 a. m.
4. Time that the divisions reported ready for action:
11.47, broadside guns; 11.53, bowsprit; 12.10 p. m., stern-
pivot.
5. Whether all the divisions were found to be properly
prepared: They were not.
6. It any of the preparations are defective, and in what
particulars : No wads, no spare shot or shells, were passed
upj slings and preventers not up.
7. Whether the men are well trained in the exercise of
their guns, and especially in pointing them: They were not
well trained.
8. Whether the men are well trained in securing masts
and spars in case of loss or injury to shrouds and stays:
They were not.
9. Whether the men are well trained in passing powder
from the magazine, and thence to the guns: They are.
10. Whether there was. any target-tiring during the in-
spection ; if there was, make a special report of it: There
was none.
11. Whether the men are well trained in small-arms ex-
ercise, and in tiring: They are not.
12. Whether the boarders, or others, are trained to single-
stick or broad-sword exercise: Very few at single-stick,
none at broad-sword.
13. The condition of boats, when armed for service: The
boats were never fitted for armaments. I
14. Whether the boats' crews are expert in the manage- |
ment of the boat and field guns, and in embarking and de- i
barking, &c. wore not tried for want of arrangements, j
15. Time required to shift a carriage on spar-deck: Ten
minutes.
16. Time required to shift a breeching: Twenty seconds,
17. Time required to shift a gun from one side to the otliet
for firing: Twelve minutes.
18. Whether the arrangements for boarding and repelling
boarders are good, or otherwise: Are not good.
19. Whether the arrangements for extinguishing fires are
good: Good, but the hose are short; they do not reach from
one end of the ship to the other.
2J. The general condition of the vessel, armament, and
crew, for efficient service in action: The general conditio::
of vessel and armament is fair; there are, however, some
defects that impair her efficiency in action. The powoer
for shot and shell-guns is passed from the magazine through
the same scuttle, and conveyed to the deck by the same
elevator; the shell-room floor is too low for dryness; lockers
for solid and hollow shot are situated so that they are passed
through the same hatchway, and by the same men.
It is a very serious defect in the arrangement of her bat-
tery, there being no bulwarks to protect the guns' crews.
In close action, against sharp-shooters, it is believed they
could not keep their quarters against the improved arms;
and the hammocks being stowed in temporary nettings, over
the stem and quarters, are great impediments to clearing
the stern pivot for action. On this occasion the time was
thirty-one minutes. Wooden bulwarks, with low ports,
would answer better, we think.
Thirty-one minutes to bring a gun into action!
A steam vessel may go eighteen miles an hour;
but suppose she should only run eight miles an
hour, one could have run the distance of four
miles before this gun was ready to bear on the
enemy. They might have sunk or boarded her
before it could have been done. Again, they
say: '
Her crew does not appear to have been sufficiently trained
at their guns for efficient service in action.
Note.—The ship is in clean and healthy condition, and
perhaps some allowance should be made in the above repoi t
in consequence of the time and circumstances under which
the inspection was made. The commanding officer hail
been directed to land all the stores, unreave the runnine
&c., preparatory to the immediate transfer of tho
crew to Norfolk, most of which was executed when tho
undersigned received their orders to proceed to the insnec-
tion of the ship, as per the above report.
Very respectfully, your obedient servants,
' Covvxuinder.
II. H. BELL, Commander.
P. DRAYTON, Lieutenant*
Hon. J. C. Dobbin, Secretary of the Navy, Washington.
Forwarded by Charles Boarman, Commandant.
Then Mr. Dobbin writes to the Captain:
Navy Department, June 22,1855.
Sir: Inclosed with this you will find a copy of the letter
addressed to the Department by the commandant of the
New York navy-yard, dated the 21st instant, relating to the
examination and inspection of the steam-frigate San Ja-
cinto, together with a copy of the report of inspecUon.
Very respectfully, your obedient servant,
. - J. C. DOBBIN.
Captain C. K. Stribuno, late in command of the Untied
States steam-frigate San Jacinto, Washington, D. C.
Mr. Stribling's answer was on the 28th of June
—su days after the fo&rd met. He was no doubt
exceedingly busy, notwithstanding the little ad-
vance these gentlemen mado in the previous cau-
cus, and the caution which had been given them:
he had found himself very much engaged. After
six days he found time to answer. Here is what
he says:
" Washington City, June 28,1855.
" Sir : I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt of you
letter of the 22d instant, inclosing the report of the inspecting
officers upon the condition of the Sail Jaeinto. 1 cannot
refrain from expressing my deep regret and mortification
that such a report should have been made to tile Depart-
ment.
'' In justice to myself and those I have lately had the
honor to command, though the responsibility is my own"—
Here is magnanimity—" the responsibility is
all my own." That is valorous. I like a man
who is willing to assume the responsibility. There
is no truckling. He had no dread of arraignment.
He felt himself superior to question; therefore the
responsibility was his own. The passage con-
tinues—
—" I beg leave to call your attention to one or two facts,
which, if rightly considered, will, I hope, tend to relievo
me from the censure of the inspecting officers, and alter the
impression which may have been formed from it, injurious
to my professional reputation."
They passed no censure on him; they reported
the facts, and no censure is stated, but it is implied
in the facts themselves. The facts are a condem-
nation to the officer:
" It is within the recollection of tho Department, that tho
San Jacinto was exactly two months absent from the Uni-
ted States upon her late cruise. Just before sailing 1'iom
Philadelphia, more than fifty men were added to the crew,
to replace those who had been sent to the hospital, dis-
charged by order of the Secretary of the Navy, and de-
serted."
And who were they? Was it so difficult to
incorporate fifty men with more than three hun-
dred men on board the ship? Some of them were
sailors reiinlisted; but he wishes to say the fifty
had tainted the whole, and ruined the" discipline
of the whole ship.
" This change of more than one fourth of the working
men of the crew required an almost entire change of thu
stations of the men at quarters and other stations."
Now, he had a complete crew without them;
and, as he was going into dangerous seas, and
carried the commodore on board, it was very im-
portant to have the vessel in perfect trim. He
had this addition to his force for that reason:
" This change of more than one fourth of the working-
men of the crew required an almost entire change of tho
stations of the men at quarters and other stations ; conse-
quently, the drill and exercise of the crew had to be com-
menced anew. When it is considered that but two months
had elapsed from this time until the inspection of the crew
and ship at New York, to apply the same rule, or to ex-
pect the same expertness, under such circumstances, as
would be expected from a crew returning from a three
years' cruise, I do not think fair or just. This fact does not
appear to have been noticed by the inspecting officers."
It was not their business to notice it.
" In these two months there bad been one thorough prac-
tice at target with the great guns. As to there not having
been.any target practice with the small arms, I did not
consider it proper to commence target practice until tho
men were more thoroughly drilled."
Why, sir, he had about three hundred of them
out for nine months previously, in which he
might have drilled them; and is not target practice
with small-arms a part of the drill of a naval
sailor ? It is an important part; for, although he
may not walk very well, or stand very elegantly,
or though he may be a little clumsy with his gun,
;if he shoots well, that will make up for all his
: other deficiencies; but he did not want that done.
I Oh, no! Again:
I " The boats were not fitted, as the inspectors state, for
| mounting and landing the boat-guns; they had, however,
I been used in the boats, as the reports at the Office of Ord-
nance and Hydrography will show. The fact that the land-
ing of the stores of the ship had commenced before tho
inspection, will to a great extent account for any deficien-
cies at the guns of grummets, wads, shot, &c.; and tho
dissatisfaction of the crew at the prospect of being trans-
ferred to another vessel, under new officers, and all its
I attendant evils, prevented that alacrity and zeal usually
exhibited by a crew about to be discharged.
" I am, six, very respectfully, your obedient servant.
" C. K. STRIBLING,
" Captain United States Navy.
"Hon. J. C. Dobbin, Secretary of the Navy, Washington.  
" All its attendant evils." What are the evila
in transferring men to a ship ? Only tell them to
take up their duds and go—a very important mat-
ter ! They leave no furniture there, and take none
with them bat what is personal to them. 1 sup-
