256
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 18.
organization of the House. To this rule no pos-
sible objection should be made by gentlemen in
this House, on the Democratic side, who voted
for it six years ago. The same rule has been
adopted, by the aid of our political friends in
New York, by which a Democratic candidate,
occupying" the samp position as Mr. Batiks, has
been elected Speaker of the New York Legisla-
ture. Sir, when I aame hepe as a new member
of this body, I expected magnanimity and liber-
ality from the honorable gentleman from Georgia,
[Mr, Cobb.] His high character and standing
before the country induced me to hope that his
aid and experience would be given in the organ-
ization; and yet, sir, on this morning, thathonor-
able gentleman—instead of pouring oil upon the
troubled waters—manifests a strong desire to fix
Upon the supporters of Mr. Banks the responsi-
bility for the non-organization of the House. He
asserts that the fifty-two gentlemen who still
adhered to Mr. Banks, by voting for Mr. Camp-
bell, might have elected the latter gentleman.
How stands the other side of the question?
When the olive branch was tendered to-day
by the honorable gentleman from Indiana, [Mr.
Mace,] to $lect Mr. Banks (American Repub-
lican) Speaker; General Cullom, (American,)
Clerk; Mr. Glossbremier, (Democrat,) Sergeant-
at-Arms; Mr. McKnew, (Democrat,) Door-
keeper; Mr. Johnston, (Democrat,) Postmaster,
almost one hundred of the friends of Mr. Banks
voted for it, and not one single Democrat. Had
but twelve or fifteen of those gentlemen joined
us, the House would now have been organized
and ready to proceed with the business of the
nation. The spirit of compromise which the
honorable gentleman from Georgia [Mr. Ste-
phens] yosterdaydoelarcdhadbeen with propriety
applied to the settlement of the slave question,
from time to time, with much more propriety
should be applied to the settlement of this ques-
tion of organization. All parties represented
here in this arrangement would be provided for,
thus making a mutual surrender for the sake of
quieting this interminable and unprofitable debate.
"Why was not this most reasonable proposition
accepted, when it is manifest that the Democratic
party is in a minority hero, having but seventy,
five members? Upon whnt other principle can
the organization b * '-fleeted ? We are now at the
close of the seventh week, and F charge back upon
the gentleman from Georgia [Mr. Cobb] that the
States of Georgia and Virginia alone, with a free
white population of lews than a million and a half,
have consumed more time than the whole delega-
tion of New York, Pennsylvania, and Ohio, with a
population of eight millions. Now, air, who ia
accountable for the fruitless consumption of time
during the past seven weeks > A steadfast purpose
to organize and not speak has characterized the
action of northern members. Let the country,
then, jud^e who it is that are to be held respons-
ible for the failure to organize.
What, sir, has been the character of this de-
bater A contest between southern Americans and
Democrats for position at home, each eonn-iiding
for supieuuicy in the formation of the platform
they ore to occupy before their constituents; and
It seems that slavery, slavery, slavery, is all the
politics to be found xouth of Mason and Dixon's
line, and the banners to be carried by both of
the contending parties there in future contests
are to have no single white spot upon them. To
one uninformed as to the resources and character
of our country, and who would read this debate
from its origin, it would be readily supposed
we are a nation of slave-owners and (lealeis, and
that the chief commodity of the country i.-? the
poor unfortunate African. Magnanimity belongs
to, and should come from, great minds, and such
as are regarded leading men in the Democratic
party that bberolity was Jo have been expected.
Lt hes been exorcised before by gentlemen now
occupying s'-ats m this House—by my friends in
the New" York Legislature as already observed,
and it is obvious it must be exercised here to re-
lieve us from the awkward position in which we
are at pr< sent placed.
Mr. HOUSTON. I desire to say a few words
upon the point presented this morning in reference
to the responsibility of the various parties in this
House for its non-organization. Before { do that,
however, I wish to say, m reply to the gentle-
man who has just taken his peat, [Mr. Purvi-
E
anck,] who said that we upon this side of the
House are voting against the gentleman from
Massachusetts [Mr. Banks] because of the fact
that he comes from the section of country north
of Mason and Dixon's line, that he certainly for-
gets the facts, or he would not make such an asser-
tion. Is it not true that nearly every member of
this body is casting his vote for candidates who
reside north of that line? The candidates now
prominently presented for the speakership all re-
side nortli of that line. "Why, then, docs he see
lit to descend so low in the scale of argument as
to present that statement, and let it go home to
his constituents for the purpose of creating a sec-
tional jealousy of feeling in reference to the elec-
tion of Speaker'
Now, sir, gentlemen have argued that the re-
sponsibility of this state of things is not upon the
side of the Opposition. In what aspect, I ask, can
they present that question by which they will not
stand responsible before the country ? Are they
not in a majority in every aspect 111 which you
can view it? Take, if you please, the question
of Know Nothingism. It is generally understood
that a largo majority of this House are of that
order, and the reason why it cannot organize
upon that principle is, that a majority of that
party in the northern States have abandoned one
of the important principles of the party, so that
our southern friends cannot act with them in per-
fecting an organization. Yes, sir, says a friend
near me, it has become Abolitionized. Such is
its condition now.
Again, is there not a majority of this House
opposed to the Administration and to the Demo-
cratic party—a majority of two to one ? And
why cannot you organize your opposition? I
heard from that desk, the other day, the gentle-
man from Illinois [Mr. Wasiiburne] give notice
of a caucus of those opposed to the Administra-
tion. Why did not that caucus nominate some
gentleman for Speaker and elect him ? They cer-
tainly have the power to do so; and having the
power, and differing only as to men, the country
will hold them responsible, and justly so.
Mr. STANTON. I will say to the gentleman
that the opponents of the Administration did not
come, to that caucus—it was like a call from the
" vasty deep."
Mr. HOUSTON. The opponents of the Ad-
ministration did not come, because the hetero-
geneous mass, thrown up by the prejudices of the
people, growing out of the legislation of the last
Congress, could not act together upon any single
question; and because you cannot act together,
you who came here in opposition to the Democ-
racy want us to adopt a short method of settling
the difficulty.
Again, gentlemen have said that the anti-Ne-
braska members have not a majority in this
House. I undertake to say, that upon nine tenths
of the votes for Speaker which have been had
since the honorable gentleman from Pennsylvania
[Mr. Puller] made the first explanation of his
position upon the subject of slavery, a combina-
tion of the ]3a\-ks votes, with the scattering
votes, would have elected a Speaker. No gentle-
man can controvert that tact. If that be true—
and it is true—I will state another proposition in
li connection, which is this: that every one of those
!j who have east their votes for the gentleman from
Massachusetts, [Mr. Basks,] and the scattering,
; except the votes of Mr. Fuller and Mr. Rich-
■ ; AitDbO.v, is an anti-Nebraska man.
j! 3 mean to say, that not only Mr. Banks's vote
l| is an anli-Nebiaska vote, but every single scatter-
i, ing vote is a!?o an anti-Nebraska vote, with the
\ exception of the votes of the two candidates for
I Speaker themselves—1 mean the gentleman from
Pennsylvania, [Mr. Fuller,] and the gentleman
Every single
' from Illinois, [Mr. Richardson.] Ever
i one of these scattering votes, with those
i ceptions, comes from anti-Nebraska men. And
! were we not told by the distinguished and able
1 gentleman from Indiana [Mr. Donn] the other
i day, and does he not say now, that all they have
I to 'do oil the Opposition side of the House is to
|j take down the name of Mr. Hanks as candidate,
j and present that of some other man of the same
il, party,and they could elect him? That gentleman
!| [Mr. Duvxr] has declared, in almost every speech
he has addressed to thia body, that he is a sound
i J and strong anti-Nebraska mail—I mean what they
!| call sound on that question. I repeat I presume
no gentleman will controvert the fact, that every
vote which has been cast for Mr. Pennington is
an anti-Nebraska vote. I presume no gentleman
will controvert the fact, that every single vote
which has been scattering in these ballots—ex-
cept those of the gentlemen from Illinois and
Pennsylvania, [Messrs. Richardson and Ful-
ler,]—is also an anti-Nebraska vote. Put these
votes, together, and you can elect a cajndidste.
Your difference, sir, is as to men. A majority
of you cannot control your minority; and be-
cause you cannot, you desire to call upon this
side of the House to enable you to elect you,r
candidate by voting for the plurality resolution.
Well, sir, so far as I am concerned, I desire'to
say that I will not vote for the plurality rale. I
do not intend to do so between now and the 4th
of March, 1857; and my friends around me say
I can so speak for the Democratic party. I do
not pretend, however, to speak for the Demo-
cratic party. I speak for myself. And I say to
gentlemen on the other side, you cannot get the
plurality rule; your case is not one to which
that rule should bo applied; you have a majority
on every principle; you came here with a major-
ity on every principle presented before us; and it
is yorfr business to organize this House. If you
do not the country \yill look to you for the re-
sponsibility. The trouble with you is, you want
to elect one particular man. Your friends tell
you, that if you take down that man and put up
another they will coincide with you, and vote
with you; and if you had voted the other day
for the honorable gentleman from Ohio, (Mr.
Campbell,] he would have been elected. Ifi am
not mistaken, all these scattering votes, or wferly
every one of them, were cast for that gentleman; '
and if the Banks men had fallen in, Mr. Camp-
bell could have been elected, and would have
been elected. You, therefore, have the power to
organize this House. That was not the case in
1849. Then, sir, the parties were balanced so
that neither had a majority" and that was a con-
dition of things in which it was peculiarly proper
to adopt the plurality rule; although I confess
that if I had been here then I would have voted
against its adoption. But you are not in such a
condition now. You have a majority on this
floor. You have the power to elect; and your
standing out persistently, pertinaciously, perse-
veringly, contending for one man against every
other member of your party, is the only cause
why you cannot organize.
Mr. KNOWLTON. I would ask*the gentleman
from Alabama a single question.
Mr. HOUSTON. I have bute little time left,
and do not wish to be interrupted.
Mr. KNOWLTON. Just a moment.
Mr. HOUSTON. Very well.
Mr. KNOWLTON. The gentleman from Ala-
bama has asked whether, if the fifty-two men
voting for Mr. Banks had voted for "Mr. Camp-
bell, Mr. Campbell would not have been elected
i Speaker. Now, I ask him, why he did not cast
' the blame upon the three men who voted for Mr.
Banks once, and have since voted against him ?
If they would change their votes for Mr. Banks,
he might be elected.
Mr. HOUSTON. Precisely so. That is the
point 1 was presenting. That is an acknowledge
nient of your responsibility as a party; but you
wish to rest the blame on a part of your friends.
With that we have nothing to do. You must
settle your own family troubles. The country
justly holds you responsible for the present con-
dition of things. You can't escape it. I know
that if you could agree about your men you have
! the power of electing your candidate, and have
| had it ever since the first Monday in December.
And gentlemen cannot expect, if they do not
settle their own difficulties, this side of the House
to come and help them out.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. It seems to be
a question of fact, more than anything else, be-
tween our friends on the other side of the House
and on this. The gentleman froni Alabama has
i alleged that the anti-Nebraska mef are in a raa-
j jonty m this House; but, sir, I must say that he
I has failed to convince me of that fact. 1 dopbt
j very much whether the allegation be true, that
I to~aay, or on any day since the commencement
| of the session, there has been ail actual, working,
] reliable majority of anti-Nebraska men on this
I floor.
