1856.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
983:
And here, sir, I dismiss Mr. Benjamin P.
Hallett " to that sober and sagacious judgment
of the people" which he invokes—a judgment
"which never fails in theend to detect and detest"
the man who makes unfounded accusations, or
bears false witness against a political opponent.
ENROLLED BILLS SIGNED.
A message from the House of Representatives,
by Mr. Cullom, their Clerk, announced that the
Speaker had signed the following enrolled bills
and joint resolution:
An act making appropriations for the support
of the Military Academy for the year ending
June 30, 1856;
An act to repeal part of an'act entitled "An act
to provide for the safe-keeping of the acts, rec-
ords, and seal of the United States, and for other
purposes;"
An act to change the time of holding the United
States courts in the southern district of Illinois;
An act amendatory of "An act to regulate the
fees and costs to be allowed clerks, marshals,
and attorneys of the circuit and district courts
of the United States, and for other purposes;"
A joint resolution relating to the pub!if, lands
appertaining to the Springfield and Harper's
ferry armories, and the North Carolina arsenal;
and
An act for the relief of Mary E. Tillman.
The President pro tempore signed the above-
named bills.
DISTRICT ARMORY.
Mr. STUART. I offer the following resolu-
tion, and ask for its consideration now:
Resolved, Tiiat the President inioim tike Senate what
amount of damages will be liieuiiod by the United States
in ease of the repeal of so much oi the act of 3d Maich,
1855, as provides tor the constiuction of an armory in the
Distnet oi Columbia.
I desire to have this information before the bill
comes up for action on Friday next; and I hope,
therefore, the resolution will be passed now.
The resolution was considered by unanimous
consent, and agreed to.
On motion of Mr. WRIGHT, the Senate
adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Monday, Jlpril 21, 3856.
The Houso. met at twelve o'clock, m. Prayer
by Rev. Henry C. Dean, Chaplain of the Senate.
The Journalof Friday was read and approved.
The SPEAKER stated that the first business
in order was the consideration of the Senate
amendments to the House bill (No. G8) making
appropriations for the support of the Military
Academy for the year ending the 30th of June,
1857; and on that the main question has been
ordered.
PROPOSITION FOR THE INTRODUCTION OF
BILLS, R.ESOLUTIONS, ETC.
Mr. PHELPS. The object of postponing on
Friday last the further consideration of the
deficiency bill was in order that there might be
a full House when the vote should be taken on
these amendments. I hope, therefore, the House
will consent that half an hour's time may bo
spent in introducing bills for the mere purpose of
reference, or m the introduction of resolutions to
which there shall be no objection. 1 desire fur-
thermore, Mr. Speakers to inquire whether, in
this stage of the question, a call of the House is
in order ?
The SPEAKER. A call of the House is not
in order after the previous question has been sec-
onded.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. The gentleman
from Mississippi, [Mr. Bennett,] who is on the
Committee for the District of Columbia, asked
leave on Thursday last to report back a bill; and
it was objected to. Now, I interpose my objec-
tion to any and all business out of order until you
call the committees, and get down to that.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Mis-
souri [Mr. Phelps] asks the unanimous consent
of the House that half an hour be devoted to the
introduction of bills for the purpose of reference,
and of resolutions to which no objection shall be
made. Is there objection ?
Mr. JONES. I have no objection to the call-
ing of committees until the gentleman from Mis-
souri wishes to take up his bill.
The SPEAKER. Then the Chair understands
the gentleman from Tennessee to object to th^
proposition ?
Mr. JONES. Yes; I want to get at the bill
which the Committee lor the District of Columbia
are ready to report.
Mr. KNIGHT. I hope I shall have the unan-
imous consent of the House to introduce a reso-
lution for the purpose of reference. I do not often
trouble the House, and this is a matter that ought
to be referred soon.
The resolution was read by the Clerk, as fol-
lows:
Resolved, That the Committee on Commerce be, and are
hereby, instructed to inquire into the expediency of a scien-
tific examination and instrumental suivey of the Ohio river,
by the United States engineers or other commission, in be-
half and at the expense of the United States, so as to
enable such engineers or commission to report flilly upon
the feasibility, commercial utility, and estimated cost of the
constructing of a dam and lock navigation on said river,
suited to the trade and travel upon the entire length of the
same, between the city of Pittsburg and the mouth thereof,
near Cano; and also of the feasibility, comparative com-
mercial utility, and estimated cost of hnpiovnig the navi-
gation of the said river, to the extent aforesaid, without
dams and locks in its channel, except at Louisville, by the
method of a supply of water, when necessary, from les-
ervoirs, as recommended by Charles Eilett, jr., civil en-
gineer, and published by the Smithsonian Institution. The
navigation, m either case, to be such, at all times, as to
accommodate steamboats drawing five feet of water, and
otheiwne suited to the wants of the trade and travel to
pA&s upon that river. The said engineers or commission
also to investigate at the same lime, and report, the least
hcieht in the clear, above low water-mark, for all bridges
hereafter to be erected over the said nver, and the least
bieadth of water way between the adjacent piers of such
bridges, in the channel, or where the navigation will prob-
ably be most concentrated.
Mr. BENNETT, of Mississippi, objected to
the introduction of the lesolution.
Mr. CARUTIIERS. For the first time since
I have been a member of this House have I
arisen for the purpose of asking a personal favor
and courtesy of the House. 1 have necessarily
to be absent for some three or four weeks. I
have some business which I wish to initiate that
it may go to committees. I therefore ask the
unanimous consent of the House, that I may be
allowed to introduce a few bills for the purpose
of reference.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. If the House will
receive the bill which the gentleman from Missis-
sippi [Mr. Bennett] last week asked leave to
report back, I will not object to the introduction
of this, or other bills. Otherwise, I must object.
Mr. CARUTHERS. I move to suspend the
rules.
The SPEAKER. The objection of the gen-
tleman trom Tennessee applies as well to the
motion to suspend the rules, as to the introduc-
tion of the bills, if the regular order of business
is insisted on.
Mr. CARUTIIERS. I must then ask one fur-
ther courtesy of the House. I ask that they will
receive the bill which the gentleman from Missis-
sippi [Mr. Bennett] desires to report, as that
will enable them then, if they sec proper, to
extend to me the courtesy which I have asked,
and to extend the same courtesy to others who
may desire it.
Mr. BENNETT, of Mississippi, asked leave
to report back, from the Committee for the Dis-
trict of Columbia, the bill relative to the right of
suffrage m the city of Washington, which was
recommitted some time since to that committee,
with an amendment, in the nature of a substitute.
Mr. HAVEN. Is it proposed to put the bill
upon its passage ?
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. No, certainly
not. It is only proposed to have it printed,
and its consideration postponed for two or three
days.
Mr. DAVIS, of Maryland, objected.
Mr. NORTON. I ask the unanimous consent
of the House to introduce a bill of which I have
given previous noticc. I will state that the Com-
mittee on Commerce, to which I propose to have
it referred, are prepared, as I understand, to make
their final report to the House to-morrow, and
that they will not, after that day, hold another
meeting. This is the first favor 1 have asked of
the House during the present session, and I hope
objection will not be made.
Mr. BENNETT, of Mississippi. I object.
Mr. NORTON. Is it in order to move to sus-
pend the rules?
The SPEAKER. Not at this time, the main :i
question having been ordered upon the Senate
amendments to the deficiency bill.
Mr. PHELPS. As it seemis that we cannot
transact any other business, and as there is barely*
a quorum present, I move—for the- purpose of
consuming time to allow members to come in—
that the House do now adjourn. r
Mr. COBB, of Georgia, I hope the gentleman4
will withdraw that motion, and that the House
will proceed with the regular order of business.
Gentlemen have had ample notice that the amend-
ments to the deficiency bill would come up this
morning; and if they are not here, it is their own
fault.
Several Members. That's right.
Mr. PHELPS. Well, sir, I will withdraw
the motion to adjourn. I suppose the amend-
ments of the Senate to the deficiency bill will first
be read over, in order that gentlemen may indi-
cate those on which they desire separate votes,
and that, I presume, will consume fifteen or
twenty minutes.
The SPEAKER. Debate is not in order.
Mr. KNIGHT. I do not think there would
be any objection to the resolution I have en-
deavored to introduce; and as it would consume
but a short time, I hope the House will, by gen-
eral consent, consider it now.
Mr. CLINGMAN. If the regular order of
business is insisted on, I must make the point
upon the gentleman from Pennsylvania.
DEFICIENCY BILL. -
The House then proceeded to consider the
amendments of the Senate to the bill of the House
(No. CS) to supply deficiencies in the appropria-
tions for the services of the fiscal year ending the
30th of June, 1856, reported back on Friday
from the Committee of the Whole on the state
of the Union, upon which the previous question
had been ordered.
By general consent, the amendments were sev-
erally read by the Clerk, and those on which a
separate vote was desired were indicated, viz:
Fifth amendment, a separate vote was asked
by Mr. Knox; ninth, by Mr. Morgan; nine-
teenth , by Mr. Knox; twenty-fifth, by Mr. Perry ;
twenty-seventh, by Mr. Mattesonj twenty*
ninth, by Mr. Knowlton; thirtieth, by mr-
Stanton; thirty-first, by Mr. Stanton; thirty,
second, by Mr. Galloway; thirty-third, by Mr-
Galloway; thirty-fourth, by Mr. Kelsey; thirty,
fifth, by Mr. Cobb, of Georgia; tlnrty-eighth-
by Mr. Sapp: thirty-ninth, by Mr. Sapp; forty,
first, by Mr. Sapp; forty-fourth, by Mr. Perry-
forty-eixth, by Mr. Sapp; forty-eighth, by Mr.
Morgan; forty-ninth, by Mr. Stanton; fiftieth,
by Mr. Albright; fifty-first, by Mr. Gallo-
way; fifty-fifth, by Mr. Morgan.
Mr. HAVEN. I want to ask those who have
charge of this bill, and the House, to allow us to
have a division on the fifty-first amendment,
striking out the portion relating to the furnishing
of blank-books, &c., and retaining the first por-
tion relating to the twenty per cent, extra com-
pensation of the officers of the congressional
library, and of the-public printer, so that we
may have a separate vote upon cach branch. I
think in that shape it will be more satisfactory,
and will enable us to do justice.
Mr. PHELPS. I will remark to the gentle-
man from New York, that I have no feeling on
the subject. So far as I am concerned, I am per-
fectly willing that the division shall be made.
Mr. COBB, of Georgia. I object, because I
think the whole amendment is right; but this is
not the proper place for it.
Mr. HAVEN. I shall vote to concur in the
amendment as a whole; but I prefer that it should
be divided.
The question was then taken; and the recom-
mendation of the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union was adopted in respect to the
other amendments of the Senate, viz:
The House concurred in the 1st, 2d, 3d, 4th,
6th, 7th, 8th, 10th, 11th, 12th, 13th, 14th, 17th,
18th, 2lst, 24th, 28th, 36th, 37th, 40th, 45th,
and 47th amendments.
The House non-concurred in the 20th, 22d,
26th, 42d, 43d, 52d, 53d, and 54th amendments;
and
The House concurred with amendments in the
15th, 16th, and 23d amendments.
The House then proceeded to consider those
