THE CONGRESSIONAL
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN C. RIVES, WASHINGTON, D. C.
Thirty-Fourth Congress, 1st Session.
SATURDAY, AUGUST 2, 1856.
New Series No. llts
I would at three o'clock call the previous question
on the resolutions now before the House; and in
order that I may do so, 1 shall set an example
to the House which I hope may be followed,
by making a very brief speech. I believe, Mr.
Speaker, that it is not necessary there should be
much discussion on this question. It hasolready,
in all its material points, been discussed fully and
elaborately in the House. Assumptions and de-
nials have been made on one side and on the other—
such as will be made now, and have been argued
from at length and often. The reports have been
printed. The testimony is before us. AH gentle-
men in the House, I believe, have made up their
minds on the subject. To-morrow, it will be re-
collected, is private bill day—objection day, the
only objection day there will be this session, and
probably the only day for private business; and
I am particularly anxious that we may sit here
to-day until this case shall be disposed of, in or-
der that the House may go to the Private Calen-
dar to-morrow, when a great many cases may be
disposed of.
Air. Speaker, the report of the committee is
very brief, and presents the positions of the com-
mittee, and I will read it as a part of my remarks:
Your committee believe that aii the conclusions as to
matters of fact anivcd at by the haul special committee aie
eleaily and incontrovertible established by tluj testimony
in the ease Among those conclusion*, applicable to the
quet>uon of the seat m controveisy between J. W. Whit-
field and A. 11. iteeder, aie the following :
'•That each election m the Tcnnoiy, held under the
otgar.ie or alleged territorial iaw, has been earned bv organ-
ized invasion (iom the Stare of Missouri, by winch the
people of the Tcuitory have been pte vented fiom exercising
titc lights secured to them by the organic law
•■That the alleged Tentorial Legi>l.ituie was an ille-
g.illv-constituted body, and had no power to pass valid
law o, and thru cimetmcnts are thcieloie null and void."'
'•That the election under which The ^nnmr Delegate,
John W. Whitfield, hold*-hi* ^cat. w.is not h"ld m pin-i:
unco of any valid law, and that u should be ieluded only
us the expifusion of the choice ot tho-e te.s'dent < iti/.ens
ho voted lor hun.r
''That the clechon under winch the contesting Delegate,
Andtew II. Kceder, claims hia .^cot, was not held in puiiii-
ttnee of law, and that it should be legalded oniv .is the
i'.\pression ot the icsident citizens who voted lor him."'
'* That Andtew II. iteeder leceived a "icaiei number of
votes of lesiident citizens than John \V. WinilielcS, lor Del-
egare."
••That in the present condition o< the T< <nton. a i.ui
< lection cannot be held, without a new ere ;u_-, a -uin^eri!
Mid well-ijuaided election law, the M.leenen ot iiiiiKiiit.il
judges, ainl tne |>ie«>enoc of CnUed !-ta£s troops ,<t c\eiy
place of elecuon.''
In \ iew ol th< sa conclusions, that tlw election of J.
Winsii 'Id was without am aiuhonfy ot' law, and that he
< oui"« heie a< the choice oi'only a rninonty of tin, te-ident
i.ti/'iistif Kant>a:s, >our ouuuittec do< nb* th it lie is not
entitled to the scat which lie holds as DeleLT.Te lioni the
Terutoiyot Kansas.
The election under which A. II. Iteeder claims! was
cqii.iily witlmut authority of jaw, but, ma-much a> ho
come-; heie as the choice of a much larger numbei of the
i, float eitiz'Tis of Kansas than tiie minihci of those who
% ot"d for J. W. Whuiiold. your committee recommend that
In' be admitted to a scat as Delegate fiom the Tentioiy of
Xausas.
Til-* office of a IH'Ietj.uo fiom a Temtnr} is not cieated
i.V the Confutation . Such ilrlouaie- ;ire not memh-Ts of
liu lliHui', iiiul lia\<* no votes in its (lolibdaiio:]-. 'L'i<<■ \
me iccen eel .is a matter ot iavor—as o;irm^ th; ouiih w hom
i.ja,' be coinrouiiK iitet1. tli^ opinion- end wi-he- ol the
p-'ople of the Terntories. It is competent for the House--
and tins power has been often exeic^ed—to admir private
plines to he heanl bcfoie it bj counsel, it mu.st be eiju.rih
competent toi the Hou-e. ;u Us disciction. to admit au\
p • isun to speak m behalf oi tin- people of the Trmtoue-..
II ma\, n it lit, admit more tiian one sueit poi -on linm
each Tutitois. I'ndei ordmaiy <_ iieum-tuuce-, no oi'-e
r .ilium for the exeicwe ot this di^cietion.i.x jiower will
an=''. In all the laws cioating Tcititoiu-, pio\won is
made for the election of Delegates io C'ongiess; and the
p.. <>ple ot the Ten itones, lmvm:/ the nppnnumtvto be h(\ud
rhiouah su< h lb'h-^ate-, raid by niutional and petition
unclef the <>i-.'iio,a! piovi-ion? oi the Con-utusion. could not
usk to be he aid thioiisrh any other agency. In the pie=ctit
cisi*. hnwnvci, the people of the Tersitoiy of Katisjs have
been deprived ol the powei to make a -tucMy legal election
or a Delegate by an invar-ion fiom .Mis-oun. which tub-
\ orted then terutoual government, and annihilated its
b gisiative power. To den\ to Kansas the iWit to be heard
thiough the choice or irs resident en i/cn- merely because
that choice was manifested out>>de of iej:a] f'oim-. and
n^ces-aitiy <m. because the l«iw-makmcr power was clf —
shoved by loiemn violence, is to deny to Kansas tlie right
to b"  lieaid at all on the floor ol the iiou-e.
Youi committee cannot recommend to the Hou^o to
declare that the seat of the Delegate fiom Kansas i- vacant,
and to oider that a new election be held. Th- objecuons
to s-ucEi u rceomnuMulation nic ob\ irtu^ ami m -apf-tablf
117
No law exists in Kansas foi the election of a Delegate to
Congress, the provision on that snhje< t m tiie organic hnv
having leference only to the fiist election; and no tern-
tonal iaw for such an election can be enacted, for the plain
reason, that the law-maktner power of that Tcuitory has
been s-ubveited by usuipation. To send thn- case back to
the people of Kansas for a new election, merely to uivite
a repetition of the scenes of la>t October; and it is quite
eeifam that, at the next session ot Congiess, some person
would again appeal, claiming a new election under tern-
tonal laws which your committee regaid as nullities; while
fonie other person would aaain appear, churning a new
election, as the choice, outside of the la\v , of a majonty of
the people.
It is> undoubtedly competent foi the Congress of the
United States to enact a law under which a lesral election
of a Delegate hom Kansas could be effected. Should such
a law be enacted, and should a Delegate elected under it
appeal heie, join committee cannot doubt that he should
be. and would be, admitted to a seat. I>ut, m the mean
tune, and until Mich an election i< otdered and held, vour
committee ate of opinion that Kansas i-= entitled to be heaid
on the (loot ofthellouso by the agent chosen by a majority
of its citizens.
Your committee therefore lecommend the adoption of
the follow mi.' lcsolutions:
Resolve!. That John W. Whitfield is not entitled to a
seat in thi^ House a= a Delegate from the Teiutory of
Kansas
Resolved, That Andicw* II. Ilecdnr bo admitted to a eoal
on this tloor as a Delegate from the Territory of Kansas.
The law of 1817 provides for the election of
Delegates to this Honae from the Territories.
But that law is merely cumulative. It provides
for elections, and makes rules under which they
may be held. But the largest discretion has
always been exercised, and may still be exercised,
when there is occasion for it, upon the part of
the House. j
Now, sir, Kansas ought to hav a Delegate ;
upon thi* floor. jYJinnesotaTcrritory was allowed i
to have a Delegate here when she had but four
thousand inhalufnnty, mid when it was m ammo >
unorgani/.ed condition than is Kansas a! this day.
A Delegate came fiom Munnsotn tind'T more '
jrre<;ular pni(ieedin;is ;han those under winch it{,
is proposed to admit a l>l>gaic from Kansas,
which now litis s-.w>e hiiy thousand lnhahiiants.
Every gentleman must admit that tlm situation
of Kansas is now such as to iniperaU\elv deinund
that she should be h pro-voted in this House of
Repivhenlatives. TIjo testimony that ha.s been
taken by the investigating oommitt<e shows tiiat
tlioio h.is bi en no legal election of any D< legate
m the Territory of Kansas. It is claimed, upon
the patt of the nm|onty of the committee, that, the ■
terntonnl laws bein" fraudulent and void, there
was no legal election, and. therefore, Jtwas the i
right of the people of the Territory, under the pre- |
cedents which have been given in the case of Mm- ,
nesota, and in olln-r cases, to eome together in '
then* primary assemblies, and to select a man to j
represent them upon this floor. Tins wes done; l
mid it is proved to us ine en trover tibly iha t the (,on-
testant is the ciiojce of tiie people of [Cans,is Tej- |
ritory, I rejieai, Mi", that we believe that it is the
right of tlm peopi" of iCansas to be renies'mtecl ■
upon this flour,and no Deh <_Mte having been legally
elected, u is our duty I o r- wn e as such the agent
or origan who is the ehmee of <t majonty of the 1
(itizcns of th.it T'l-ritoiv. {hit, Mr, with the
promise wiMr wlmlt 1 .-"t ro<t, 1 Will (let.«m the
i louse no longt r.
.Mr. STEP UFA'S obtain* d the floor. |
Air. SAIiTlI, of Teimessec. With the consent
of the gentleman from Geot^ia, I desire to o.>k
the gentleman from Alame a question, not to be
answered now, but in hi* closing spcch. I'y _
reference to the report of the Committee of Elec- |
tions, of which thri gentleman from Ahiine ls
chairman, in the Illinois ease, it wjD be sen that
they resolve tlint .Tmii''S C. Allen was not duly
elected, and is not entitled to his seat; and that
Wiiliam ]j. Archer was Jul" < and is cutitlcJ
to a seat m tins body. A^am, in the Nebraska
cojitested-election (mv, they renort, that Bird B.
Chaj>man wos not ciititled to a seat in this body,
as a Delegate fiom the Territory of Nebraska;
ond that ti. P. Beimel iv entitled to a Scat in this
body, as such Delegate. But in the case now
before us, they icsuivc '"That John ~\V. WThit-
freld is not cninkd to a seat iu this House, as a
Delegate fiom the Territoiv of Kan«A?;Mand
"That Andrew H. Iiccder be admitted to a seat on
this Jlocr,us a I)e!vj;atc frem the Ttrritvryof I\cj} "(is.''
Now; 1 want to know, and 1 hope the gentleman
from Maine will answer nv in Ins closing speech
upon this question, why it is that,in all the other
cases, they have reported that the contestant was
entitled to his seat, and have not so reported in
this case; but have only reported that Reetler be
admitted to a seat in this body? In other words,
I want to know, whether their action mtlic House
of Representatives is to be based upon the legal
rights of the patties before us, or upon mighty as
indicated by the report of the majority of the
Committee of Elections?
Mr. WASf-JBURN. I will answer the gentle-
man now, if the gentleman from Georgia will allow
me. My answer is this, and if the gentleman
from Tennessee had listened to my remarks I
think he would have understood what my an-
swer would be. I smd that the conclusion of the
committee was, that in the case before us neither
the sitting Delegate nor the contestant was legally
elected: that neither was elected und*r the pro-
visions of existing law by a majority of the legal
voters in the Territory; and therefore, technically
speaking, neither of them was duly elected. We
have, therefore,followed the precedcntset us in the
Alinnesotacase, and have reported that, although
the contestant was not legally elected, yet it was
expedient under the circumstances before us to
admit him to n seat upon this floor.
Mr. SMITH. Then, under the admission of
the majority.of the committee, Afr. Rceder has
no 't'vj.hi to a seat upon this floor, and yet they
report n resolution admitting him as a Delegate
from Kansas Territory. This proves the cor-
rectne.-^ of the inference I had drawn from the
leporl.
Ti"1 debut" v..is continued by Messrs. STE-
PHENS and SAVAGE, in opposition to the
repoti of the commute", and by Air. SHERMAN
in fa\.;r of it. The speeches are withheld for
re\ ision, and will be published in the Appendix
Air. WHITFIELD obtained the floor.
Air. OLIVER, of Ali^ouri. Will the gentle-
man from Kansas yield me the floor for a few
minutes 5
Air. WIHTFIELD. I desire to make a few-
remarks in my own defense. I would have pre-
fernd, however, that those gentlemen on the
other side who desire to speak upon this ques-
tion, should have done so before I proceeded.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I believe, sir,
that in all these contested-election casAs which
have been before us this session, the contestants
and the fitting members or Delegates, have been
permitted to sp< ak afier the previous question has
been called; and I propose that this shall not be
made an exception, and that the gentleman from
Kansas shrill avail himself of the privilege here-
tofore exti nued to otheis under similar circum-
stances. I piLsume that the gentleman from
AEshouu, [Mr. Oliver,] who was one of the
committee which was sent to Kansas, and the
o11[v one from this side of the House, will cer-
tainly be allowed to address the House.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Kan-
sas has the floor.
Air. WASHBURN. I hope the House will
consent that the previous question shall be called
now, with the understanding that the gentleman
from Kansas shall be permitted to address the
House afterwards.
All. JONES. I ask the gentleman from Maine
if he is not willing that the"gentleman fiom Mis-
souri, a m-'inber of the commission, shall have an
opportunity to speak?
Mr. WASHBURN. In reply to that, I will
say that I understand that the gentleman from
Missouri desires only five or ten minutes, and I
will give him that out of my time, if the House
will consent to it.
Air. JONES. I do not suppose he would like
to be limited.
Mr. WASHBURN. There have been three
or four speeches made upon that side, and only
on* upon this.
