848
appendix to the congressional globe.
[March 18,
34th Cong....1st Sess.
Naval Retiring Board—Mr. Houston.
Senate.
Mr. HOUSTON. His own letter, I think.
Mr. CLAYTON. It is utterly untrue.
Mr. HOUSTON. I have not read all theletters;
they are too long1 and explanatory for me.
Mr. CLAYTON. Then you know nothing
about it.
Mr. HOUSTON. Did he not make an apology
and explanation ?
Mr. CLAYTON. No, sir; he did no such
thing.
Mr. HOUSTON. He made no explanation ?
Mr. CLAYTON. He did not; lam speaking
only of Du Pont.
Mr. HOUSTON. "Well, I am glad that he did
not. He had no apology, and the others made
very bad ones; he is in a worse situation than I
thought he was. [Laughter.]
I must now be permitted to say a little about a
combination or cabal which existed from the very
time they first set foot on that vessel, before she
left the port of New York; and they would have
been ordered back at once, if it had not been sup-
posed that it \fcas too late to make the necessary
transfers in order to supply their places. Captain
Smith was the furnishing officer to supply ac-
commodations and oilier things necessary; and
they insulted him in a correspondence which they
had with him, or at least Mr. Du Pont did, for I
am speaking of him especially.
Mr. BAYARD. It is untrue.
Mr. HOUSTON. I say he insulted Captain
Smith.
Mr. BAYARD. In making that statement,
will the honorable Senator tell us upon what the
allegation rests ?
Mr. HOUSTON. On the correspondence.
Mr. BAYARD. In the correspondence, Cap-
tain Smith himself says that the letter of Lieu-
tenant Du Pont was perfectly respectful.
Mr. HOUSTON. The Commodore did not.
Mr. BAYARD. I have read the letter, and, if
the honorable Senator can make insult of it, he
has a power of perversion greater than that which
he has already exhibited to the Senate.
Mr. HOUSTON. I do not know how times
are now, for it is long since I have been subord-
inate to rules and regulations; but it struck me,
when I read it, that at one time, in 1812, 1813,
1814, or up to 1818, it would have been considered
insubordinate to a superior in the Army, and I
supposed it would be the same in the Navy. At
all events, Commodore Hull, by the return of
these gentlemen, felt himself humiliated and de-
graded. Here is what the Secretary of the Navy
said in his letter to these officers:
" Had this combination succeeded in attaining its object,
here would have been an end of that power which the
laws have confided to the head of the Navy Department,
and that respect and subordination so essential to the ser-
vice; the direction of the Navy would have reverted to
those whose province it is to receive and obey orders; and
a combination of officers might at all times drive the Depart-
ment from any measure it thought proper to adopt."
He is speaking of facts within his own knowl-
edge; and this he could not take back when he
wrote the exculpatory letter to Commodore Hull,
predicated upon their application; and if Mr. Du
Pont did not do it I must have overlooked some-
thing in the correspondence, for I did not wish
to read it all, as it was very voluminous; and,
besides, I had a dread of him, for I had read his
official report at San Jose, of which I will speak
directly. [Laughter.] Itis remarkable in its way.
Now he speaks of Du Pont's letter, and I say
he never took this back. Mr. Paulding says:
" The letter of Lieutenant Du Pont is not such a one as I
bad expected from an officer who had heretofore sustained
so high a character in the Navy. It is not couched in lan-
guage becoming an inferior addressing his commanding
officer; and his refusal to accept the concession, of which
bis brother officers availed themselves, savors more of Det-
tishness than dignity or of manliness."
He took back none of these charges at all; but,
to gratify the gentlemen and their friends, he
ordered their return. What may we reasonably
suppose to have been the cause ? The facts had
not changed since the first rebuke which he ad-
ministered; but it would have blasted the young
men's reputation if they had been sent home in
disgrace by the Commodore. He must save the
mortified feelings of them and their friends. It
 8 a natural thing. I believe you will find it in
the Navy, to some extent, as well as anywhere
(186 •
But, sir, while speaking of Du Pont's writing,
I wish to bring another production of his to the
notice of the Senate. We hear of his chivalry,
(| and my friend from Delaware read to us the most
Si remarkable actions I ever heard of. The com-
|' modore said it was one of the grandest things
'■ that ever was done, and his letter was read, and
I intend to have it read again. It is beautifully
written, and one would really suppose half Mex-
ico had been slaughtered, and this was a modest
recital of the carnage. [Laughter.] It is one
of the most extraordinary things I have ever
seen. Du Pont landed with one hundred and one
men near San Jose. He marched to Lieutenant
Hey wood, a mile and a half or two miles across a
1 creek, ankle deep, and he talks of walking across
! waters, and so forth, making a terrible splurge !
' Heywood, with thirty men, made a sortie with
his little garrison, which he had defended for
some weeks, and joined him as he was advanc-
ing. He killed a man as he charged, I believe, and
wounded several others; and nil that was done
by Mr. Du Pont was to get four men wounded
and two only disabled. Hesays it was marching
in the hottest fire; and when he comes to con-
clude his official report he says that the number
of killed is unknown. [Laughter.] But friendly
Californians say it was from thirteen to thirty-
five. [Great laughter.] Is not that a large mar-
gin ? I thought of Falstaff and his buckram men
when I read it—two swelling to eleven, I believe,
and all Kendall Green coming in to boot. [Laugh-
, ter.] Lieutenant Heywood corroborates that
. statement; but they found none of the men who
were killed! What complacent boasting;! In
, describing this event, which I have done in two
| or three sentences, Du Pont occupies no less than
j; four pages of the public documents—the most
j I voluminous communication I ever saw for such
i an event. Lieutenant Stanley, who, I believe, has
!j been dropped or furloughed—I do not know
I ] which—achieved a very handsome exploit, and
I think he made his official report to his com-
manding officer in fourteen lines. He rowed
fifteen miles up the beach, landed forty-five men at
night, marched twelve miles into the interior, took
and spiked three guns—one eighteen feet long,
another sixteen and a half, and another twelve
and a half feet long. He spiked them—compo-
, sition guns—and returned safely in the face of
; an enemy, supposed to number three hundred,
jj He made a little report of fourteen lines; and he
II is one of the gentlemen who has been over-
i! slaughed. Stanley was engaged in three other
j actions there, and he is one of the most chival-
, rous and gallant men of the Navy. The only
j complaint which is made against him is that he
is quarrelsome! Sir, I like sailors to quarrel in
times of war, and do it effectually. It is a good
notion, and I would not discountenance it.
But, sir, from the laudations passed on Du
Pont by my friend from Delaware the other day,
I do not know but that some other members of
the board ought to feel a little irritated and un-
easy. He says Du Pont was the leading spirit;
that he always leads from the force of his superior
intellect. I do notgive the language,butl believe
I give the general idea. Then he places the rest
of the board in a secondary position, although
some of them were of superior rank. Really, it
is not to be wondered at that this man should be
conspicuous here, and should love fame and dis-
tinction. My friend did not say that he was not
the most modest man in the world. He was not
charged with vanity or a love of praise, of course;
buta proud and gallant man is,and oughtalways
to be, fond of praise and just laudation. I am
furnished with a very remarkable fact in relation
to him. I have described the battle of San Jose,
in which that landing took place, the march of two
miles, and at the most four wounded. A doctor
took out one ball. Really, it was like a fight
that took place on the frontiers—I'will not( say
precisely at what spot—but I can prove it by my
colleague. It was thought there were about
thirteen killed; that was the whole number that
could be found; and you know, sir, if a man kills
£ame and does not find it, it is just as good as if
it were not killed. They found but thirteen; and
when they came to make out the official report it
was asked, how many do you think there were ?
Some one said thirteen. On! saijl another, thirty
or forty! Well, said another, there was at
least eighty-seven, so put down eighty-seven.
[Laughter.] They slept on it that night, and
this number did not appear large enough; and the
next day an addenda was made to the report, or
rather a sccond report more official than the other,
making out one hundred and fifty killed. [Laugh-
ter.] It was just so with this account of the Cal-
ifornians; there were between thirteen andthirty-
five killed. That is a very wide margin; but there
must be something done ! The fact is that no one
was killed, as far as ascertained, but one whom
Lieutenant Hey wood killed, charging out with his
thirty men to meet Mr. Du Pont, who had one
hundred and one men. But he must swell this
into importance! Would anybody have thought
the marching of two miles, and cooperating with
the gallant little band that had been beleaguered
there for such a length of time—would he have
thought of claiming glory and praise, when Stan-
ley had fought a number of actions, and I do not
find that Commodore Shubrick ever thought one
of them worthy of a note ?
There were others who acted gloriously in the
war with Mexico who fared badly. Stevens, the
companion of Heywood, who defended that little
fort at San Jose, and who is spoken of in terms
the most laudatory and approving, was dropped,
i Ochiltree—a gallant young fellow spoken of on
1 three occasions in the Pacific—once at San Jose,
another time at Guaymas, and I believe at Ma-
zatlan, was also dropped. The cause of it, per-
haps, is that he went on a spree sometimes on
land, but never while at sea on duty. That is a
terrible thing!
Mr. WELLER. I know him, and he is a man
of fine habits, and a gallant officer.
\ Mr. HOUSTON. He is a gallant, generous,
noble fellow; and I know his brother, a citizen of
Texas, a man of distinction and ability. Ochil-
tree bears that reputation. I am glad the honor-
able Senator from California knows him person-
ally. It is a privilege which I have not; but I
would be glad to greet with fellowship a man of
his character and nobility of soul. He has been
dropped. He is not a drunkard, but I suppose
they say he is one of the " hard cases." I have
noticed the dropped officers who are in the city.
They are gentlemen in bearing. Some I have
known for thirty years as chivalrous, elegant men,
of fine persons, active, and in the prime of life;
yet they have been stricken down, theirprospects
blasted, and their honor destroyed. These are
the men who are unworthy of peership with the
I genjtlemen of the board. They love praise, they
love glory too, but they love to earn it before they
! wear it.
The Senator from Delaware told us that Mr.
Du Pont had nothing to dread from an investiga-
tion of his character; that he had received the
indorsement of the Secretary. It is a singular
coincidence that he was associated with Missroon,
Godon, and Pendergrast at the time when they
were arraigned in 1838, 1839, 1840, and 1841,
and when they lay under censure. They have
maintained, no doubt, a fine social feeling for
each other from that time to this; but is it not a
singular coincidence that being indorsed, they
should all meet on the board again—all friends
again by continuous friendship—united in the
ties of brotherhood ? Two of them, we are told,
have been very unlucky in being called to ac-
count for their actions; and my friend thinks the
members of the board are not bound to fight
everybody of the two hundred and one. I will
not encourage reclamation of that kind; but if
gentlemen of the Navy happen to cannon on one
another and jostle, it is their own business, and
they have to settle it. I hold that every gentle-
man is to be the judge of the injury which he
receives, from whom he receives it, and the re-
dress he is to require. I am not going to restrict
it. I will discountenance it by a repeal of this
law, restoring them all to their proper positions,
placing them where they were, and then no
wrong can be done. The President will have
the power to order a court of inquiry into cases
of doubtful utility and character; and upon a
court of inquiry reporting the facts to him he has
the function to displace such a man from the
Navy. Let us create a list for the retired and
furloughed; and let him, on the examination of
