258
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 18,
him to have an opportunity of votin
Mr. GROW. Mr. Clerk, I haver
th6 time, in my sober judgment, that the object
can be accomplished, rfo, sir; I will not patron-
ize, X will nox encourage, that way of doing busi-
ness. I do not believe m the propriety of any
one member making a nomination for us.
Mr. ECJSTIS. I desire to say thai, notwith-
standing the great respect which I have for the
honorable gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Campbell,]
X cannot have, I cannot entertain—and no one
knows better than the gentleman from Maine
[Mr. Washbur*/] that I cannot entertain—any
sort of sympathy with either the gentleman from
Maine or the gentleman from Ohio, or any other
gentleman indorsing the principles which they
represent; and in using the name of Mr. Camp-
bell, I merely intended to impress the gentleman
fro.m Maine with the idea—to call him out, to ask
him, to challenge him, if you please—to drop Mr.
Banks and to take up the name of some other
gentleman upon this floor, and declare him to be
elected. The gentleman from Maine has no right
to say on this floor who he will not be in favor of
voting for in such a resolution. I ask him to do
for third persons what he has previously done for
Mr. B-anks. Let them have a chance. I want
voting for them.
i refrained from
participation in the debates of this Hall until an
organization of the House should be effected, and
I do not, now propose to say anything in refer-
ence to the legitimate legislation of 1 he country
until the attainment of that result. But as to the
responsibility for the organization of this House
which has been raised here this morning, I pro-
pose to say a few words. The responsibility,
sir, should rest on those who have produced the
state of things we find in this Hall and the coun-
try. It is not a question of figures or votes,
whether this or that man could have been elected
by transferring votes from this or the other can-
didate.
What has produced the present state of things?
Why cannot this House organize ? At the open-
ing of the last Congress, peace reigned in every
quarter of the country, and men came here from
every section with fraternal tec lings. There were
no disturbing elementn to jar the universal har-
mony of sentiment. The dead past had buried
its dead. The bitter controversies of previous
years had ceased, and sectional quarrels were for
the time forgotten. No note of discord was heard
in the councils of 1 ho nation, and the future was
unclouded and bright; yet, in vio!ation of good
faith, mutually pledged by the representatives of
the two great political parties of the country, to
resist the further agitation of the slavery ques-
tion in Congress or out of it, a time-honored
compromise between the two sections of the Union
was trampled under foot, thus opening, under
the sanction of the Government, a vast territory
to the introduction of slavery, from which our
fathers agreed thnt.it should be forever excluded.
Upon the men, and the influence that secured its
abrogation, rests the responsibility for our want
of organization at this time.
It was declared hen1, as a reason for the repeal
cf that compromise, that it was necessary to take
the question out of Congress. The effort to take
it out has been a civil war in Kansas, and a sec-
tional strife unparalleled in the history of the
country. Such is the result of the attempt to
take the question out of Congress; and the restric-
tion in Minnesota and Oregon still remains a bone
of contention for a future day. "When the repeal
of the Missouri compromise was urged on th<*
ground that it would quiet agitation, and take this
question out of Congress, I declared on this floor
that—
e: Those who make the? declaration with so much appa-
rent smcority cither do not understand the real sentiment
of the North, or tliey tail to comprehend aiight the spmigs
of human action. Sir, you ace rakimj open and fanning
into a flame corif^ winch were already smothered, and, if
left alone, would have buried themselves forever in their
own emders.
" As an early and constant friend of this Administration,
I desire the defeat of thi6 bill; fonts pansa^o will, m my
judgment, insure, beyond a doubt, an anti-Administration
majority xn the next Congress. As an earnest and devoted
liiozid of the Democratic party to winch I have cheerfully
given my best energies fiom iny eailiesst political action* I
desire the defeat of this bill; for iu pa^aije wiii Wot it out
ic; <i national organization, and ieavmu bnt a vi «cck in every
northern State, it will live only m bi-tory. As a lover of
peace, haimony, and fraternal concord among the citizens
Of the Confederacy, and as a devotee at the shrine of tins
Union, with all us precious hopes to man, X desire the de-
&at of this biil ; fc?r passage will tear open wounds not
yet healed, lacerate spirits already phrensied, and i the bond
of confidence ' which unites the two sections of the Union
will be rent asunder, and yeais of alienation and unkind-
ness may intervene before it can be restored, if ever, to its
wonted tenacity and strength."
Sir, history has made those remarks prophetic,
though it was but the natural result of that legis-
lation. The responsibility for want of an organ-
ization of this House is upon those who reopened
this agitation. You trampled down a fair arrange-
ment between the two sections of this Union; you
trampled on your own -plighted faith, given in
the conventions assembled at Baltimore in 1852.
Yet scarcely a year had elapsed before the ques-
tion was reopened in Congress. Wounds were
torn open that had just healed; and to-day we
find ourselves in the midst of this qua<si revolu-
tion. On the heads, then, of those who trampled
down these compacts of good faith be the respons-
ibility.
Sir, by the records of votes here you can prove
that almost anybody is responsible for this want
of organization. Did not the gentleman from
Alabama, [Mr. Walker,] the first weeks of the
session, propose to the Democracy that the two
parties unite, and elect a (what is called) national
man Speaker; and are not the seventy-four men
who vote for Mr. Richardson responsible be-
cause they did not take that proposition ? By
the same line of argument pursued by my friend
from Alabama, [Mr. Houston,] they certainly
arc. But I do not hold them to any responsi-
bility on such grounds. Gentlemen stand here
by their principles. It is said that the gentleman
from Ohio [Mr. Campbell] could have been
elected, if all the anti-Nebraska men had voted
for him. For three days Mr. Banks was within
three of an election. If three of those who voted
for others had voted for him, he would now have
been the Speaker. You can transfer the respons-
ibility on whom you please by taking the votes
as they are on the record, because combinations
could have been made at any time by which an
election would have been effected. That result
could be figured out of the vote of anti-Nebraska
men; and the same could be done in the vote of
Democrats and Americans. It is not expected
that those voting for Mr. Richardson will change
their position, because by doing so they may gain
a few'votes. Nor should it be expected that those
voting for Mr. Banks will change their ground,
because by so doing they may secure a few more
votes. Those of us who were here at the time
resisted the repeal of the Missouri compromise,
and were opposed to reopening the siavdry agita-
tion. AVe were borne down then, but our views
of the justice of that measure have not changed.
What was vtfrong when enacted never ceases with
me to be a wrong.
Mr. CLINGMAN. I desire to offer a propo-
sition as a substitute for the resolution of the
gentleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Purviance,]
unless, upon hearing it read, he should think
proper to withdraw his, and let a vote be taken
on mine. I do not mean to speak in its favor,
and therefore shall feel at liberty to call the pre-
vious "question. [Cries of " That's right!"]
Mr. ORR  I hope the gentleman will not
move the previous question.
Mr. CLINGMAN. The proposition which I
offer is in these words:
Jltsolucd, That, on the meeting of the House on each day
until a ripeakci is elected, the lit-st business in oidei shall
bo to vote twice viva core for Speaker; nod that until tins
phali have been done theie shall be no debate on any pre-
text whatever; but it phall be the duty of the Clerk to call
to order any member attempting to speak, unless the House
shail unanimously, on the question being put, in the first
place, by the Clerk, allow such memb-ir'to pioceed ; and
pfter ^aid two votes shall have bceiMakon, it bluill not be
m order to vote a third time during that, day's session.
I ask the gentleman from Pennsylvania if he
will withdraw his resolution, and permit me to
otter this as an independent proposition iustead
of his? If he declines to do that, I shall offer it
as n substitute for his.
Mr. PURVIANCE. I cannot consent to with-
draw my resolution to make wav for thot one.
Mr. CLINGMAN. Then, Mr. Clerk, I offer
mine as a substitute for the gentleman's proposi-
tion, and I call for the previous question on it.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Kentucky. I want to
ask the gentleman if he wishes, by that resolu-
tion, to preclude a member from explaining his
vote during a ballot?
Mr. CLiNGMAN. That ig my very objeet.
I want to oblige gentlemen to vote, and then they*
can spend twelve or twenty hours in debating,
after we have had two votes, if they think proper
so to do.
Mr. CAMPBELL. Well, I hope the House
will agree to no such proposition.
Mr. CLINGMAN. I would reply to my friend,
but I am anxious to get the resolution adopted.
I want those of us who come in here and wish to
vote, to have an opportunity of doing so, and
then we can be attending to the business ofouc
constituents elsewhere; while .those who think
proper to debate can remain here and debate. I
think my proposition will facilitate the voting.
As it now is, we are not getting more than two
votes a day, and I believe we have only had one
vote a day for some days past.
Mr. QRR. I ask the gentleman to withdraw
the demand for the previous question.
Mr. CLINGMAN. I will do so, if the gen-
tleman will renew it.
Several Members. No, no.
Mr. ORR. I do not want to do that.
Mr. CLINGMAN. Then I will not with-
draw it. 0.
Mr. PURVIANCE. On further consideration,
I will agree to accept the gentleman'sproposition'
as a substitute for my own.
Mr. CLINGMAN. Then I n^?ve the previous
question on it. W
Mr. EDMUNDSON. Mr. Clerk 
The CLERK. The gentleman from Virginia
will remember that' no debate is in order pending
the demand for the previous question.
Mr. EDMXJNDSON. I ao not rise for the
purpose of debating the resolution, but to offer an
amendment to it. I move tu strike outtwice,"
and insert " once," so as to provide for one vote
a day instead of two. jPthmk one ballot a day
will show if there is any probability of an elec-
tion on that day.
Mr. CLINGMAN. It does not* take long to
have two votes.
The CLERK. The amendment is not in order,
as the previous question has been called.
'Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio. I tukthe gentle-
man from North Carolina to withdraw his call for
the previous question, to allow me to say a few
v?oras.
Mr. CLINGMAN. I will do so, with the un-
derstanding that the gentleman will renew it.
Mr. CAMPBELL. Yes, I will renew it.
Mr. CLINGMAN. Then I withdraw the call.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I stated to the House
yesterday that I desired an opportunity of meet-
ing the charge which has been made by two dis-
tinguished gentlemen from Georgia, [Messrs. Ste-
phens and Coeb,]—by the one yesterday, and the
other some days ago—against those with whom I
am acting, viz: a want of loyalty to the Constitu-
tion and of devotion to the Union of these States.
I came here this morning with the expectation of
going into a discussion, to some extent, of the
principles upon which we differ, both in reference
to the question of slavery and Americanism. The
debate which sprung up this morning has, how-
ever, been such that it would be indelicate in me
to ask the floor for a purpose of that kind now.
I have heard the compliments which have been
paid me by my political opponents, and I am dis-
posed to attribute them rather to personal kind-
ness than to any sympathy with me in my polit-
ical opinions upon those great questions. For
that kindness I still remain grateful; but I have
this to say, in viev/of all that has been said here
to-day, to the House and to the country, that 1
have not abated one jot or tittle from the posi-
tion I have always maintained in reference to
slavery; nor have I abated one iota of the prin-
ciples of Americanism which I stand here ready
at any proper time to maintain.
Mr. Clerk, I do not intend to intrude my views
upon the House at any time when gentlemen are
indisposed to hear me; but whenever the proper
time shall have arrived [Voices. 6' Say to-
morrow!"] Well, to-morrow, if this resolution
passes, after the votes have been taken, I shall
take occasion to go into a full discussion of both
these great questions. I now renew the motion
for the previous question.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I hope the gen-
tleman will not insist upon that motion.
Mr. CAMPBELL. litis under the control of
the gentleman from North Carolina.
