1856.
THE CONGRESSIONAL Ci LOBE.
1859
Mr. PRINGLE, I object to any interruption
of the reading of this argument.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio. I rise to a ques-
tion of ordei. Pending the reading of a paper, a
gentleman cannot move to adjourn.
The SPEAKER. In the opinion of the Chair,
a member may interrupt the reading by a motion
to adjourn.
The question was then put; and the motion
was not agreed to.
The Clerk resumed the reading, but was soon
again interrupted by
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio, who said: I under-
stand it is the general wish of members to read
this argument in the Globe of to-morrow morn-
ing. I think that will do justice to all sides, and
therefore I move that its further reading be dis-
pensed with; and further, that the rules be sus-
pended, and that the House resolve itself into the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union.
Mr. WAKEMAN. I object.
Mr. SAGE. I move that the House do now
adjourn.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I hope the motion to ad-
journ will not prevail.
The SPEAKER. Debate is not in order.
Mr, H. MARSHALL. I call for tellers upon
the motion.
Tellers were not ordered; and the House re-
fused to adjourn, there being, 011 a division—ayes
SI, noes 7:2.
Mr. TRIPPE. There is no quorum voting.
The SPEAKER. The Chair holds that a quo-
rum is not necessary to refuse to adjourn.
Mr. TRIPPE. I rise to a question of order.
Can any business be done without a quorum? #
The SPEAKER. In the opinion of the Chair
a quorum is present.
The reading was again resumed, but was again
interrupted by
Mi. WAKEMAN, who said: It is perfectly
evident that wo cannot have the paper read with
advantage; and therefore I move that the House
do now adjourn.
Mr. LETCHER. I call the gentleman to order.
Debate is not m order.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio. 1 ask the gen-
tleman from New York to withdraw that motion,
that I may move that the House resolve itself
into the Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union ?
Mr. PHELPS. I rise to a question of order.
Such a motion is not in order.
The SPEAKER. The previous question hav-
ing been ordered, and objection being; made, such
a motion cannot be entertained.
The motion of Mr. Wakkman was then agreed
to; and accordingly the House (at four o'clock
and thirty minutes) adjourned until to-morrow, at
eleven o'clock, a. m.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Friday, August 1, 18uG.
The House met at eleven o'clock, a. m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. Daniel Waldo.
The SPEAKER asked the unanimous consent !
of the House that the Journal might be read. i
No objection being made, the Journal of yester- ,
day was read and approved.
The SPEAKER stated that the first business
in order was the consideration of the resolutions
reported from the Committee of Elections, as
follows:
Rejoiced, That John VV. Winttieid i.~ not entitled to a
peat in tliib Home as a Delegate tiom the Ten itory of Kan-
Re voiced. That Andiew H Keeder he a-lmiired to a seat
on iln-5 llooi a> a Delegate from the Temtory oi Kansas.
The first business in order was the readinsr of
the argument of the contestant, which was unfin-
ished when the House adjourned yesterday.
REPORT FROM COURT OF CLAIMS.
The SPEAKER, by unanimous consent, laid
before the House a favorable report from the
Court of Claims m the case of Isaac Swam,
accompanied by a bill; which was read a first and
second time, and, together with the report, re-
ferred to the Committee on Claims.
Air. BENNETT, of Mississippi. I ask the
unanimous consent of the House to take from
the Speaker's table, for the purpose of reference
to the Committee for the District of Columbia, a
bill of the Senate repealing the act authorizing
the construction of an armory upon one of the
public reservations in this city.
Mr. JONES of Tennessee. Is there a quorum
present?
The SPEAKER. There is not.
Mr. JONES. If not, I object to any business
being done. 1 thought the Chair could not have
the Journal read until a quorum was present.
The SPEAKER. The Chair asked unanimous
consent of the House to have the Journal read.
Mr. JONES. There is no House until there is
a quorum.
The SPEAKER. The question as to a quorum
being present was not raised, and Hie Journal was
read. The Clerk will resume the rending of the
argument of the contestant.
KANSAS CONTESTED ELECTION.
The Clerk then resumed and concluded the
reading of the argument of ANDREW H.
REEDER, which is as follows :
The great mass of conclusive evidence before
the House and the country, has established so
undeniably and so clearly that the Territorial Lc- j
gislature of Kansas was a fraudulent, usurping j
body, elected in a manner disgraceful to the age
and the country, and that consequently its whole
code of laws arc utterly invalid and worthless,
that I shall not consume any of the time allotted
mfe in any superfluous elucidation of these points.
I assume that the law undci which my opponent
was elected is absolutely void and enacted under
circumstances which call for its stern condemna-
tion, as part of a stupendous fraud and outrage.
I admit that my election, so far as time and
place and technical forms are concerned, was
without any previous law to authorize it. I as-
sume, under the minute and copious and conclu-
sive evidence before the House, that I received a
large majority of the legal votes of the Teiritory,
and that ray opponent is backed only by a meager
little band of actual resident votets,and a greater
accession of the citizens of Missouri, falling short
even in the aggregate of my legal vote. These !
positions cannot be successfully denied. _ I
At the commencement of this contest, to vin- '
dicate the rights of myself and my constituents, 1
I presented to this House and its committee two ;
papers,in which my position was already defined. !
1 insisted that my opponent was an intruder into 1
the scat which lie occupied; that he was sus- !
tabled neither by the forms of law nor the popu- |
Jar will, i claimed that the pietendcd law, under ;
which he claimed to be elected, was invalid; first, I
because the Legislature who enacted it had no [
better title to their offices than frauds, usurpa-
tion, and outrage; second, that theirstatutes were
passed at a place where they sat m violation of ,
the organic act, and where, for that reason alone, j
they could make no valid legislation; and, third, ,
because this pretended election law, in its essen-
tial and material features, violates the organic
act, by opening the polls to a class of voters to
whom Congress had positively and distinctly
prohibited the right of suifrcure in the T. iritory.
I cannot forbear to cipro^s my hii?h gratification
at the emphatic manner in which all these post- 1
lions have been verified, liohlly and bitterly,
sir, were they contradicted and denounced, so 1
j long as the denunciators were allowed to furnish 1
i their own testimony. The sworn evidence now
I before the Hou.se, relieves me J'i om the necessity ,
of correcting their statements, and t -tabhsln s, to
their discomfiture and my vindication, the truth
of my every allegation.
My opponent is left, then, with no shadow of
a claim to the seat which he has illegally filled
from the commencement of tiie session; and it is
plain that it must remain vacant or be awarded
to me. If the House will sanction no election
held lu the absence of a law authorizing its de-
tails, I too must fail.
I shall show, however, that such elections can
be sustained upon principle; that they have been
sustained m abundance of precedents, arid that
l| if any such case can be sustained, either upon
;; principle or precedent, this is the one.
When the organic act was passed, Congress j
j' provided all the details of the first election, eithci
i! directly or through the executive of the Territory,
and then directed that all the details of form, at
!{ subsequent elections, >houhl br prescribed by n
Legislature to be elected according to the organic
act, and very naturally supposed they had covered
the whole ground. A contingency occurred,
however, which was entirely unforeseen and un-
provided for. No Legislature was elected accord-
ing to the act of Congress. A hostile force of
thousands of men invaded the Territory, took
possession of the polls, and prevented the election
of a Legislature as contemplated by the act;
thus excluding the opportunity of providing for
the details of a second election. The right of
representation in this House remained, however,
unimpaired. That was expressly given by Con-
gress, and did not depend upon the Legislature;
and thus the distinct alt'-ruative was presented
to our people, whcthci this acknowledged, un-
questioned, and cherished right, should perish for
v/ant of the mere technical detail which was to
surround its exercise, or whether it had vitality
and power enough to supply its own forms to
j save itself from destruction? They knew that,
j as regarded these details, the subsequent sanction
i of this House was as good as its previous direc-
i lion. They did this House the justice to believe
| that they regarded a substantial right of repre-
; sentation above technicality, and that they would
1 sanction any forms which they would have pre-
viously directed. They accordingly endeavored to
1 ascertain what this House would have provided,
could they have foreseen this unexpected con-
tingency. For qualifications of voters they copied
1 from the organic act the words of Congress. For
election districts they adopted those which had
; been legally prescribed under the direction of the
act, and which were still existing unchanged,
! only making withm some of them additional voting
precincts to accommodate an increased population.
For forms of poll-book, oaths, and returns, and
j manner of conducting, they followed what, under
i authority of the organic act, had been proscribed
! for the first election. Indeed, it may be said.
| they originated nothing except the day of the
, election, and a few additional voting precincts;
, and, although I have made no such calculation,
| it is highly probable that these additional pre-
■ cincts can be stricken out without altering the
result.
1 A proclamation was prepared and issued, which,
; fur precision and careful attention to form, will
compare favorably with any document of the
! kind from any quarter; stating the facts, setting"
1! lorth the exigency of the case, and the reasons for
!i tiie proceeding; containing the most full and
detailed notice of everything necessary to the
'' correct conduct of the election, and requesting all
I the citizens of the Territory to participate, as the.
l' only means of preventing a loss of representation.
■ This proclamation was signed by mop1 than one
thousand actual citizens of the Territory; and,
with all the original oaths, list of voters, and
returns, is amongthe evidence before the House;
and 1 venture to say, that the House have rarely
had a more correct, orderly, and unimpeachable
set of election popeis befoie theui.
vis to the inherent right of the people to provide-
in their pninury meetings for th s making of law:;
and frames of gowi nnvuil, whenever o necessity
e.vists for it, based on the idea that the people in
mass are the source of all power, and that on
then- will rests the whole fabiicof government,
the authorities are so abundant that days might
be consumed m citations from standard woiks
of learned, expeiienced, and able men—not tho
flippant and undigested matter of harangue and
d<"-t lamatfon for popular applause or ephemeral
purpose; but grave, dehbeiale, und scientific
essays and discussions, the piodmtof scholar-
ship. thought, and research; and intended to
define and illustrate the social rights of man, and
the science of government, as well as to enlighten
successive generation;.:.
It lime permitted, I should delight to make some
' pointed and applicable quotations. At present
! I shall refer to some of these authorities only iu
a general way, together with some others of a
. different character, but entitled to no less respect.
They are: Sidney on Government; Locke on Gov-
ernment; Burgh's Political Dissertation; Story's
Commentaries; Wilson's Wo) ks; The I' ederahst;
Paley'sMorai and Political Philosophy; Dr. Price
on Civil Liberty; Ilngrr Williams on Civil Lib-
erty; Rawle on the Constitution; Elliot's Debates;
The works of Jefferson, of Madison, and of John
1 Tnvlor of Caroline >«  Mdes? the constitutions
