1856.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
985
master's department, including hire of interpreters, spies,
and guides for the Army; compensation of clerk to officers
of the quartermaster's deparrme/U; compensation of for-
age and wagon-ma^teis, authorized by the act of July 2,
1838; for the apprehension of deserters, and the expenses
incident to their pursuit; the various expenditures required
for the first and second regiments of dragoons, the com-
panies of light artillery, the regiment of mounted riflemen,
and such companies of infantry as may be mounted, viz:
for the purchase of horse equipments, as saddles, bridles,
saddle blankets, nose-bags, iron combs, curry-combs, and
spurs and straps; of traveling forges, blacksmiths' and shoe-
ing tools, horse and mule shoes, iron and steel for shoeing,
hire of veterinary surgeons, purchase of medicines for horses
and mules, shoeing horses of mounted corps, and repairing
dragoon and rifle equipments, $180,000.
Mr. STANTON. Upon concurring in that
amendment I demand the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were refused.
Mr. SAPP. I ca]l for tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Sapp and
Kidwell were appointed.
The House was divided; and the tellers reported
—ayes 56, noes 51; no quorum voting.
Mr. PHELPS. As no quorum has voted, I
hope there will be no objection to a vote by yeas
and nays.
No objection being made, the question was
taken by yeas and nays on concurring in the
amendment; and it was decided in the negative—
yeas 64, nays 66; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Aiken, Barclay, Bell, Hendley S. Ben-
nett, Bocock, Branch, Burnett, Caruthers, Bayaid Clark,
Howell Cobb, Ciaigc, Ctavvford, Davidson, Timothy Davis,
Denver, Edtnundson, Elliott, Evans, Faulkner, Florence,
Hemy M. Fuller, Greenwood, Grow, Augustus Hall, J.
Morrison llarns, 55amp«on W. Hams, ThomasL. Haiiis,
Haven, Heibett, Kent, Kelly, Kennett, Kidwell, Kunlcol,
Lake, Humphiev Marchall, Samuel S. Marshall, Maxwell,
McCai ty, McMullin, Smith Miller, Nichols, Andrew Oliver,
Orr, Paine, Peck, Phelps, Quitman, llitchic, Rufrin, Savage,
Scott, Svvopp, Talbon, Thurston, Tuppe, Underwood,
Vail, Warner. Whitney, Williams, Wmslow, Woodruff,
and John V. Wright—64.
NAYS — Messrs. Albright, Bishop, Bliss, Bradshaw,
Brenton, Bulfinton, Burhngame, Chaffee, Ezia Clark,
dawson, Williamson R. W. Cobb, Colfax, Covode,Cragin,
Cumback, DamreJl, Dean, Dodd, Edie, Emrie, Galloway,
Giddings, Gilbert, Hailan, Holloway, Valentine B. Morton,
Hughston, George W. Jones, Kelsey, Knapp, Knowlton,
Knox, Leiter, Letcher, Mace, Matteson, Moigan, Morrill,
Mott. Muriay, Noiton, Pennington, Pcrrv, Pettit, Pike, Pur-
year, Reade, Ready, Roberts, Sabm, Sapp, Simmons, Wil-
liam Smith, Sneed, Stanton, Tappan, Thonngton, Trafton,
Wade, Walbndge, Waldron, Elliliu B. Washburne. Israel
Washburn, Watson, Woodworth, and ZolheofFer—6ft.
So the amendment was non-concurred in.
The thirty-first amendment of the Senate, in
which the Committee of the Whole on the state
of the Union lecommended a non-concurrence,
was reported, as follows:
For constructing barracks and oth'er buildings at posts
which it may be n^ceesaiy to occupy during the year, and
for repairing, alteimg, and eulaigmg buildings at the estab-
lished posts, including hire or commutation of quarters for
oflicei^ on military duty; hue of quaiteis foi tioops, of
stoie-houses for the safe-keeping of military stores, and of
ground-? lor summer cantonments; for encampments and
temporary irontiei stations, $100,000.
Mr. PHELPS called for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the negative—yeas 54, nays 74; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Aiken, Barclay, Bell, Htndley S. Ben-
nett, Bocock, Branch, Burnett, Caskie, Howell Cobb,
Craige, Crawford, Davidson, Denver, Edmundson, Evans,
Faulkner, Florence, Foster, Henry M. Fuller, Greenwood,
Grow, Augustus Hall, Thomas L. Harris, Harrison, Iler-
beit, Keitt, Kelly, Kidwell, Kunkel, Lindley, Humphrey
Maishall, Samuel S. Marshall, Maxwell, McMulhn, Smith
Miller, Mornll, Orr, Peck, Phelps, Quitman, Ritchie, Sage,
Scott, Talbott, Thurston, Trippe, Vail, Walker, Warner,
Wheeler, Whitney, Williams, Winslow, and John V.
Wright—54.
NAYS—Messrs. Albright, Bingham, Bishop, Bliss, Brad-
sliaw, Buffinton, Builmgame, Ezra Claik, dawson, Wil-
liamson R. W. Cobb, Colfax, Covode, Cragin, Cumback,
DamreU, Homy Winter Davis, Timothy Davis, Dean, Dodd,
Edie, Emrte, Giddmgs, Gilbert, Harlan, Holloway, Valen-
tine B. Hoiton, Hughston, George W. Jones, Kelsey,
Knapp, Knight, Knowlton, Knox, Leiter, Letcher, Mace,
Matteson, Morgan, Mott, Muriay, Norton, Andrew Oliver,
Paine, Pelton, Pennington, Perry, Pettit, Pike, Pimgle,
Puiyear, Reade, Ready, Robbins, Roberts, Ruffin, Sabm,
Sapp, Simmons, William Smith, Sneed, Spinner, Stanton,
Swope, Tappan, Thormgton, Trafton, Underwood, Wade,
Walbndge, Wakhon, Eliihu B. Washburne, Israel Wash-
burn, Watson, and Woodworth—74,
So the amendment was non-concurred in.
The thirty-second amendment of the Senate,
in which the Committee of the Whole on the ]
state of the Union recommended concurrence, J
was reported as follows: I
For mileage to officets of the Army, for ti asportation of j
themselves and baggage when traveling on duty without :
troops or escort, $60,000. 1
The question was taken by division; and the
Speaker stated that no quorum had voted.
Mr. GREENWOOD. I move that the House
do now adjourn.
The motion was not agreed to.
Mr. PHELPS called for the yeas and nays on
the thirty-second amendment.
The yeas and nays were ordered; and then,
On motion of Mr. ORR, (at three o'clock,
p. m.,) the House adjourned till to-morrow, at
twelve o'clock, m.
IN SENATE.
Tuesday, JSpril 22, 1856.
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. Henry C. Dean.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATION.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore laid before the
Senate a report of the Commissioner of Public
Buildings, communicating, in compliance with a
resolution of the Senate, information respecting
the valuation of squares No. 575 and 576, and
reservation No. 12,in the city of Washington,and
the terms on which the same may be purchased
from the proprietors for the use of the United
States; which was referred to the Committee on
the District of Columbia, and ordered to be printed.
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS.
Mr. HAMLIN presented the petition of John
Mitchell, praying to be allowed arrears of pen-
sion; which was referred to the Committee on
Pensions.
Also, the petition of William Allen, praying
to be allowed an increase and arrearages of pen-
sion; winch was referred to the Committee on
Pensions.
Also, the petition of citizens of Bangor, Maine,
praying for an appropriation to aid in the erection
of bridges between the shores, or flats, of the
Sandusky river, and the custom-housc and post
office in that city; which was referred to the
Committee on Commerce.
Mr. SEWARD presented the memorial of
William A. Dart and other citizens of Potsdam,
New York, remonstrating against the extension
of WoodworthSs patent for a planing machine;
which was referred to the Committee on Patents
and the Patent Office.
Also, the memorial of Lewis W. Ludlow, a
contractor for carrying the mail, praying an in-
crease of compensation, or to be released from
his contract; which was referred to the Commit-
tee on the Post Office and Post Roads.
Mr. TRUMBULL presented additional papers
in relation to the claim of McKinley Ward,
guardian of Julia F. and George W. Peebles,
minor children of Robert Peebles; which were
refened to the Committee on Public Lands.
BILL INTRODUCED.
Mr. HAMLIN, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced a bill (S. No. 258) for the relief of William
Allen, of Maine; which was read the first and
second times, and referred to the Committee on
Pensions.
BILL BECOME A LAW.
A message was received from the President of
the United States, by Mr. Webster., his Secre-
tary, announcing that, on the 18th instant, he
approved and signed an act (S. No. 79) for the
relief of Jacob Dodson.
CIRCUIT COURT IN CALIFORNIA.
On motion of Mr. TOOMBS, the Senate pro-
ceeded to the consideration, as in Committee of
the Whole, of the bill (S. No. 33) to alter and
amend an act entitled 4'An act to establish a
circuit court of the United States in and for the
State of California," approved March 3, 1855.
The bill was introduced by Mr. Weller, re-
ferred to the Committee on the Judiciary, and
reported with an amendment, as a substitute, to
strike out all after the enacting clause and insert
the following:
That the circuit court of the United States for the dis-
tricts of California bhall hereafter hold four regular sessions
in each year, two of which, beginning respectively on the
first Monday in January and July, shall be held at San
Francisco m and forthenoitherndi>trictofCaitfomia; and
the other two, beginning respectively on the first Monday
of March and September, f-hail be held at Los Angeles, m
the southern district of California; and the circuit judge
of California shall have the same powers in relation to bis
attendance on said sessions and the arrangement of busi-
ness thereat as are vested in the other circuit judges of the ,
United States by the second section of the act approved-"
the 17th of June, 1844, entitled "An act concerning the
Supreme Court of the United States."
Sec. 2. Jind be it further enacted, That the said circuit
court shall be presided over by the judge of the circuit court
of the United States for the districts of California, and by
the judge of the district court for the district in wbieh the
court is holden, either of whom shall constitute a quorum;
and the said circuit court and the said circuit judge, and
each of the said district judges within his separate district,
shall be, and they are hereby, respectively vested with all
the authority, powers, and jurisdiction, which are vested
by existing laws m the several circuit courts of the United
States, or the judges thereof. And all laws, or parts of
laws, which now are or may hereafter be enacted, regu-
lating the jurisdiction, process, and practice of the circuit
courts of the United States, shall be, and the same are
hereby, made applicable to the said circuit court for each
of said districts of California. And the marshal of the
United States for each district of California shall act as mar-
shal of said circuit court for his district, and shall attend
not only the regulai sessions of said courts, but such special
or extra terms as may be held in cither dishfct, which the
said circuit judge is hereby authorized to oiderm conform-
ity to the mode directed by the second section of the act of
which this act is amendatory.
Sec. 3. Jind be it further enacted, That the clerk of the
said circuit court oi the United States for the districts of
California shall keep the records of said court in the city
of San Fianeisco, and hp is hereby authorized to appoint a
deputy or deputies, whosse official acts, signatuies, attesta-
tions, and certificates, shall be entitled to as full credit as
those of the said clerk.
Sec. 4.  dnd be it further enacted, That all suits or causes
instituted in the district courts of California prior to the first
Monday of July, J 855, and which remain ponding in either
of said couits, or in which final process lias not been exe-
cuted, and which aie properly within the jurisdiction of
circuit couits, and not of district courts of the United States,
shall be removed to the distuct in which the cause is
pending by a tiansier and delivery to the clerk of the said
cncuit court of tiie original papers, with an exemplification
of the record or docket entries under the seal of the district
court, for winch exemplification the clerk of the said district
court shall receive the same fees as are allowed for similar
sei vices m making transcupts for appeals or writs of error,
to be paid by the parly applying for the same, and taxed as
eovts on final judgment; and all causes now pending in said
circuit court of the "United States agamst parties residmgin.
the southern dvstnet of California, shall, on application of
the parties defendant, made withm thiee months from the
date when this act Miall take effect, be removed in like
manner to the said circuit court held inthc southern district
of California, and all such causes shall take rank on the
docket according to the date of removal; and all suits re-
moved under the provisions of this section shall be pro-
ceeded in, and conducted m the same manner as if origin-
ally instituted in the court to which they may be removed.
Sec. 5. Jind be it further enacted, That whenever a dis-
agreement in opinion shall take place between the judge of
said circuit court and the judge of the district court when
sitting together in the discharge of appellate jurisdiction
over the boaid of commissioners for the settlement of pri-
vate land claims, a* provided in the sixth section of the act
of which this is amendatoiy, the point on which such dis-
agreement shall happen bhall be certified to the Supreme
Court of the United States for its decision,-in the same
manner and form, and the proceedings theieon shall be, in
all respects, the same as those provided form the sixth sec-
tion of the act appioved 29th of April, 1802, entitled "An
act to amend the judicial system of the United States."
Sec. 6. Jind be itfwither enacted, That all laws, or parts
ol laws, contrary to or inconsistent with this act, shall bo
and remain repealed from the date when this act shall take
effect.
Sec. 7. Jind be it farther enacted, That this act shall take
eflTcct in ninety days after the passing thereof, and not be-
fore that pei iod.
Mr. TOOMBS. I have an amendment to the
first section of the substitute of the committee,
which I wish now to offer. It is to add to the
first section the following:
Promdcd, That the term of said court herein provided to
be held at San Francisco, on the first Monday of January
next, may be held in advance of that time, under the order
of the said circuit judge, on notice being given in conform-
ity with the second section of the act of which this is
amendatory.
There were several omissions in the act estab-
lishing the court—some of them very important
omissions,—which it is necessary to rectify. Some
of the land cases, on account of the act going into
operation after its passage, were left entirely un-
provided for. The land cases under the old law
could be taken on appeal to the district court; but
the act establishing the circuit court took away
that jurisdiction, and the cases are standing in
the district court, where they can neither be tried
nor transferred to the circuit court of California.
That is one of the difficulties which has existed;
by reading the bill it will be perceived that there
were several others. The amendments are for
the purpose of perfecting that law, and have the
unanimous approbation of the Committee oil the
Judiciary. The bill was introduced by the gen-
tleman from California.
Mr. WELLER. I will state to the Senate that
the only thing in this bill, as amended, is, that it
