1856.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
249
34th Cong....1st Sess.
Naval Retiring Board—Mr. Houston.
Senate.
surgeons, determine their disability, and retire
them for age, wounds, or disease. By this course
■we should follow the recommendation of the pres-
ent Secretary of the Navy. He suggested that he
should have the power of recommending culpably
inefficient officers to the President for removal;
the President should then lay them before the
Senate; and the Senate concurring with the Presi-
dent, he should remove every man who was use-
less, or who did not deserve a place in the Navy.
This was suggested by the Secretary of the Navy
previous to this unfortunate, and 1 will say crim-
inal enactment. If this suggestion had been fol-
lowed, we should have had peace to-day; we
should have had the Navy with none in it but
those who should be in it; and only those removed
from it who were inefficient or unworthy of it.
But it is different now. I have not seen or heard
of a man who has been removed, who was in the
least intemperate, or gave evidence of intemper-
ance ; and yet this wholesale charge is made. The
officers may, when off duty, for aught I know,
indulge; but I say they do not bear that appear-
ance. They are gentlemen, as far as I can judge;
and I have sought to become acquainted with
them so that I might judge impartially. Unfor-
tunately, I heard of one of the gentlemen who
has been retained—but he is one of the " hard
cases," I reckon—one of the hardest in the Navy
—who was helped into a hotel and carefully laid
by to be taken care of; but I do not suppose he
meant any harm by it. [Laughter.] It happened
just unexpectedly, he not being habituated to it.
"[Laughter.]
I propose now to gratify the Senate by one of
the most tasty and agreeable things I have ever
seen. It is an extract from a letter written by
Captain S. F. Du Pont, dated " Cyane, off San
Jose, Lower California, March 5,1848." This
is an extract:
"My dear Thorbdrn : * * * The letter to
ray soldier friend to replace an official one, was purposely
rehanded, that our naval friends, if they felt interested in
our doings, might liave the benefit."
These are the doings I told you of—nobody
killed, nobody hurt.
Mr. BAYARD. What is the date of that
letter ?
Mr. HOUSTON. March 5, 1848.
Mr. BAYARD. Is it a private or public letter?
Mr. HOUSTON. It is private; but I will give
you the name. There is no secret about it; none
at all. Listen lb the language of this portion of
the letter; he thinks he had absolutely electrified
the world, and he did not know what would
happen. He says:
" But it seems you did not deign to vouchsafe one single
word in reference to them."
That is, in reference to the glorious achieve-
ments which I have described.
" X candidly confess some disappointment at this, perhaps
a little the more as the Cyane had been loud in trumpeting
the very clever doings at Guaymas of the Southampton,
and would have been pleased with even a faint whistle in
return."
[A shrill and lengthened whistle, such as a boat-
swain gives when he pipes all hands to quarters,
or to grog, was the Senator's illustration of the
passage which he read, and it astonished and
amused the crowded galleries.]
The Southampton had been lauded and trum-
peted, and a little trumpeting here would have
been acceptable; but if the trumpeting could not
come, they would take the whistle. Well, sir,
the letter again says:
" We have been truly gratified yesterday by showers of
official and friendly gratulations from Mazatlan, but these
Certainly would not have made yours less acceptable."
That is on the principle of " you tickle me and
111 tickle you;" but Thorburn did not do this,
even after this intimation that a puff might go
into the papers, and the poor fellow has been struck
down —one of the best sailors in the Navy, I am
told, or as good as any. This shows you the
love of praise and the laudable ambition of this
distinguished man, whose reputation my friend
from Delaware [Mr. Clayton] thinks is so im-
portant to be taken care of. I have not assailed
it. I use no epithets. I have used documents. I
do not say that a man is dishonest or not a gen-
tleman. 1. do not say that, whatever may be my
private opinion. [Laughter.]
Mr. BAYARD. Will the honorable Senator I
allow me to see the letter he last referred to ? |
Mr. HOUSTON. With pleasure, (handing it
to him.) i
Mr. President, I will ask the Secretary to read i
a letter from Commodore Shubrick, dated at ;
Mazatlan. I am willing that it shall go into my |
speech, for I wish to accord all justice to this ;
gentleman. I will use it with more cheerfulness I
because my friend from Delaware [Mr. Clayton]
selected it as an evidence of the merit of a mem-
ber of the board; and for the purpose of sustain-
ing his action and the action of the board, I pre-
sume, in the course which they have adopted. I
am perfectly willing it should go out to the world
in my speech. I wish the Secretary to read the
letter.
The Secretary read as follows:
United States Ship Independence,
Mazatlan, February 25, 1848.
Sir: I have the honor to forward herewith reports from !
Commander S. F. Du Pont, and Lieutenant Charles Hey-
wood, dated 16th and 23d February, and 21st and 22d same !
month. i
I want words to express my sense of the gallant conduct
of these officers, and of the officers and men under their
command, as detailed in tbeir reports; but feel that 1 am
perfectly safe in saying that the annals of no war can fur-
nish instances of greater coolness, of more indomitable
perseverance, of more conspicuous bravery, and of sounder
judgment, than are to be found in these details. They will
be read will) pride and pleasure by the Department, and by
every American, and will secure to all concerned a most
enviable place in the estimation of their countrymen.
I have the best reason to believe that these reports, so
far from overrating the acts of those concerned, are strongly
imbued with the modesty of true courage, which adheres
to truth, but shrinks from exaggeration, and rather dimin-
ishes than magnifies its own deeds.
The satisfaction arising from this brilliant victory over
the enemy is clouded by the fall of Passed Midshipman
Tenant McLanahan, a young officer of great promise. He
received the fatal wound standing by the flag of his country,
and died in the hour of victory—an early but enviable death
—placing his name high on the roll of those who peril all
in the cause of their country, and giving to his afflicted
friends the mournful satisfaction arising from the reflection
that he has sealed a life of honor with a death of glory.
The presence of the Cyane, and the excellent judgment
of Commander Du Pont and Lieutenant Heywood, will, I
hope, secure the garrison at San Jos6 from further molesta-
tion until the measures which Governor Mason informs me
he is taking to send reinforcements into the territory can be
effected.
I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient
servant, WM. BRANFORD SHUBRICK,
Commanding Pacific Squadron.
Hon. John T. Mason,
Secretary of the Navy, Washington, D. C.
Mr. HOUSTON. This letter says, in one
part:
" I have the best reason to believe that these reports, so
far from overrating the acts of those concerned, are strongly
imbued with the modesty of true courage."
This is evident, because Du Pont, after the
trumpet blast given to the gentlemen of the South-
ampton, was so modest that he was willing to
fut up with a whistle for the Cyane in return.
Laughter.] It was the modesty characteristic
of cool courage, to describe a march of two miles,
and killing nobody, as one of the greatest achieve-
ments in our annals; and I believe he says, it is'
"without a parallel." Yes, sir; Commodore
Shubrick says, that there cannot be found an in-
stance "of more indomitable perseverance, of
more conspicuous bravery, and of sounder judg-
ment." I think the "judgment " in the case was
excellent, and I do not wish to detract from it;
but he had the cool judgment, either not to go,
unfortunately, into danger, or the luck to save
all his men and get none of them killed. There-
i fore, I think that is good judgment, and cool and
I deliberate courage. [Laughter.] Sir, I have read
reports of the battle of New Orleans; I have read !
of other distinguished battles; I think I have read
the reports ofthe battle of Waterloo; and I believe !
the first bulletin that come out was not in length
' equal to this one at San Jose, and fell far short
of it in description. [Laughter.] It may be
: "modest," but I only want it understood that
when you come to sift and analyze it, it is one of
the most extraordinary documents ever published;
and I do not wonder that a code of laws, or a
system compiled by the author of tSis report,
should have been condemned or ignored by the
Attorney General, though my friend from Dela-
ware thinks it is very clever. [Laughter.]
My friend from Delaware says that the indorse-
ment of Commodore Shubrick is sufficient for
him and sufficient for Du Pont. I have nothing
to say in relation to Commodore Shubrick further
than as a member of that board, and as a public
officer. Not knowing him, it is not my business
to cast reflections upon him. I have no desire to
do it if I could. In all matters I am disposed to
treat individuals fairly; toexamine into facts,and
from those facts to draw such deductions as I feel
warranted in doing. If I am not correct in my
deductions, I am aware that the sagacity, and the
ability, and the analytical power that is to follow
me, will riddle me like hot shot. I propose to
examine the records ofthe Navy, and see whether
they are sufficient to induce us to rely upon
Commodore Shubrick's indorsement. Lieuten-
ant Maury has been reflected on for having asked
to be relieved from service on certain vessels in
time of peace. I shall show whether or not that
was a justification for striking him down, and
whether or not the same rule was applied to the
members of the board. I understand, however,
that their appointment as members of the board
precluded all investigation into their conduct and
character. That indorsement ruled out every-
thing like examination or inquiry. Remember,
Maury has been reflected on for asking to be re-
lieved from sea service. I wish to read an extract
from a letter of Commodore Shubrick, dated the
6th of March, 1837, in which he says:
" On the 2d instant Commodore Biddle arrived. He was
kind enough to furnish me with a copy of his order to 'take
command of the Pacific squadron' and ' carry into effect
the orders of the Department,' and has signified his inten-
tion to hold the command during the continuance of the
war.
" Vou will see at once, sir, in how unpleasant a situa-
tion I am placed by this disingenuous, (respect for the De-
partment aloue restrains me from using stronger language,)
this uncandid conduct of the late Secretary. It cannot be
supposed that there is the least occasion for the additional
force of the Columbus; and it is clear that, in the opinion
of the late Secretary, it was not the Columbus, but Com-
modore Biddle, that was needed here during the war.
" On making this painful discovery, my first impulse waa
that 1 owed it to myself to return to the United States, and
I asked permission of Commodore Biddle to take passage
in the Savannah. A copy of our correspondence on the
subject is annexed, and you will see why I have remained.
"And now, sir, I renew my request to be allowed to re-
turn to the United States at as early a day as possible, and
in any way that you may please to direct; but 1 need not
say that it would be a gratification to me to return with my
pennant on a ship of the size of a frigate at least."
That was Commodore Shubrick on the 6th of
March, 1847, in the midst of the war. But what
does he say further ? I have the correspondence
and I will read it, because it is of interest, and
because the innuendoes can be as well explained
by it as by any language I could use.
United States Ship Independence,
Monterey, March 5,1847.
Sir: I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt of
your instructions from the Secretary of the Navy of the
16th of May, " to take command of the Pacific squadron,"
and am sure that the exercise of your command will re-
dound to the honor of the Navy and of the country.
Having been led, by the late Secretary of the Navy, to
believe that this command was intended for me, and such
appearing now not to have been the case, and being without
place in the squadron, I request that you will allow me to
return to the United States; taking passage in the Savannah
as far as Valparaiso, and thence crossing the Isthmus.
I am respectfully, your obedient servant.
W. BRANFORD SHUBRICK,
Captain United States Navy.
Commodore Jakes Biddle,
Commanding Pacific Squadron, Monterey.
Now, I will read the reply of Commodore
Biddle:
United States Ship Columbus,
Monterey, March 6, 1847.
Sir: I have received yout letter of the 5th instant. Your
return to the United States at this time will be injurious to
the service; and will, I think, under the circumstances, be
injurious to yourself. The instant information of peace is
received—and we may reasonably expect to receive it
soon—I shall be happy to transfer the command to you, and
leave the station without waiting for instructions to leave.
I wish you would reflect a few days upon this subject,
and let ine know the result of your reflection.
Very respectfully, your obedient servant,
JAMES BIDDLE.
Commodore W. B. Shubrick,
United States Ship Independence.
Let me read Commodore Shubrick's reply to
the letter of Commodore Biddle:
United States Ship Independence,
Monterey, March 6,1847.
Sir : I have received your letter of this date, in answer
to mine of yesterday.
Your opinion, that my "return to the United States at
this time will be injurious to the service," is sufficient to
decide me, without the few days' reflection that you recom-
mend.
In matters where the interests of the service may come
