1860
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
August 1,
the several States and of the United States, and
numberless decisions of the State and Federal
courts, and the opinions of our greatest statesmen
in the debates of Congress. Indeed, 1 may say
that all the highest judicial, legal, and political
luminaries of our country have in deliberate judi-
cial opinions, State papers, and elaborate essays
and debates, asserted and maintained this doctrine;
and although men of contracted minds, afraid to
trust the people, may consider it only as an un-
meaning, abstract truth, well enough to write in
constitutions, but impracticable of application,
they treat it as a rule of action to be recognized
in the administration of our Government.
It is also asserted by many of these authorities,
and denied, I think, by none of them, (as it could
not be successfully,) that the right of the people
to change their Government at will is an inalien-
able right, of which they cannot divest them-
selves; and that any restrictions they may place
upon the exercise of that will, by declaring that
it shall only be manifested through certain pre-
scribed forms, may be cast off by the same
authority which imposed them. Nor does the
choice of time and mode, to resume delegated
power, by remodeling the Government, depend
upon the will of those holding official stations,
for they arc the mere agents, while the people are
the principals. These doctrines are ably dis-
cussed, and all the objections to them are triumph-
antly met and refute,d. Even by many English
writers are they admitted, whilst in our own
country they are the very foundation upon which
all our Governments are based, and the very
essential doctrines of which our institutions are
formed. It is, then, this groat underlying prin-
ciple of the potency of popular will which 1 in-
voke. It is equally true, whether applied to a
small community or a large one, provided the
object sought to be reached is within the range
of legitimate action. True it is, there is often
difficulty in deciding whether the popular will ,
has really been ascertained, and again its expres- ,
sion may sometimes trench upon rights of asso-
ciated communities bound in one governmental
compact;aml for these reasons, the principle may
become inapplicable in given cases, but no man
will be bold enough flatly to deny the principle.
Nor can he sustain himself in setting up cobwebs
of forms against its sweeping power.
In all governmental and political questions,
where tin's pnnciple or its fair analogies arise, it
is the business of statesmen and patriots, of legis-
lators holding true and enlarged views, to avow
it, to lespcct it, to act upon it., and to perpetuate
it, And he is but little attentive to the guards
which should be constantly thrown aiound our
institutions, and little solicitous for their perma-
nency, who would,in a fair cast* for its exercise,
evade by a quibble the great principle which
pervades and sustains them. At every occasion
on which the popular will is defeated, our Gov-
ernment receives a shock, slight or violent, as the
case may be, and the respect and confidence of
the masses m its justice and perfection is more
or less shaken.
The old doctsinc that government is a contract
between the people and their rulers, although
good enough for the liberals of England, who
upon that doctrine dethroned their monarchs,
has been long ago exploded. And yet there are
men who, although they will not avow it, make
if, unconsciously perhaps, their rule of action.
They have a horror of popular uprising, and a
kind of pertinacious and superstitious'instmet of
adherence to established forms, in preference to
principles. They have a sort of vague and un-
defined fear, that the line will not be properly
drawn between a true, popular governmental
movement, and a predominance of stormy anarchy
and unlicensed violence; forgetting that the peo-
ple, sharing the same fears and instincts as them-
selves, "are more disposed to suffer while evils
aresnfferable, than to right themselves by abol-
ishing the forms to which they are accustomed."
^icn and statesmen, therefore, who lean to the
suppression of the popular will because it does
not m all respects conform to the technicalities of
lorm, arc clearly looking in the wrong direction,
apprehensive of evils which are only imaginary,
and aggravating evils which really exist.
i grant that every tumultuous and ephemeral
assemblage of numbers, bearing no proper pro-
portion to the whole of a " political people," dic-
tated by sudden excitement, conducted without
order, its participators not individualized, their
will imperfectly ascertained, and their numbers
too small orunascertainable, is not to be regarded.
But when the process of expressing popular will
is general and deliberate—when itis directed to a
legitimate object, and all proper precautions are
adopted to confine its action to the true " political
people;" to indivio'j iize the participators; to
define their numbers; to exhibit clearly the object
and result of their action; to pursue commendable
forms, even if originated by themselves, espe-
cially when analogous to those generally received
and adopted by public sentiment and legal pro-
vision, and when every step is marked by calm-
ness and good order,—it presents a case which no
republican statesman should disregard, and which
cannot be disregarded without running counter
to all the applicable authorities, doing violence to
the genius and fundamental principles of our
institutions, and going, at least to some extent,
towards sustaining the monarchical doctrine that
a republic is impracticable, and that the people
are less to be trusted than is the wisdom of those
who at the time happen to be in office.
It will not do, in this country, to repudiate
and reject a true and well-defined expression of
popular will in a legitimate case, only upon the
argument that it wants the previous permission
of law, and that, if respected, all future false and
pretended movements of the same kind must also
be allowed. The presence of a previous law, or
the want of it, may exist alike in the one class or
the other, and is not the distinction between
them. Other distinctions must be looked for,
such as I have already indicated; and the only safe
rule for the statesman to adopt, is to respect and
'| enforcethe expression of popular will, whenever,
| in view of these distinctions, the conviction is
J brought home to him, that such expression, in
| truth and in fact, is the popular will and not a
' counterfeit.
{ There may be exceptions to (his rule, where
the tribunal which is to judge and decide has its
powers limited by constitutional provisions; but
with that, in this case, we have nothing to do.
We have to deal now with a case which appeals,
solely to the conscience and discretion of this
House. Nor is it necessary to say what ought
to be done, in a case where a true expression of
popular will comes m conflict with minority ac-
tion, sanctioned by the forms of law—for it may
be here assumed that there has been no legal
election. There is no such conflict here between
abstract right and technical right, but the only
question is whether the seat shall be filled upon
popular informal action, or shall remain vacant.
! Jt is a ease m which no constitutional provision,
and no legal enactment, prohibit filling the seat in
! that mode and on that basis. U is a question
! which concerns this House alone, and can affect
no other branch or department of the Govern-
ment, in which there is a clear field to exercise
the largest discretion.
I believe that if a congressional district should
by some accident find itself without an election
law, und a member should be sent here by the
spontaneous movement of the people, acting
through such forms of their own, and in such
!! manner, as to convince the House that he was
|j selected by a majority of the "political people"
! of the district, being the sole constitutional judges
j of the qualifications, the returns, und the elec-
i1! (ions of its members, they would not only be
: justified, but in duty bound to receive him, were
j it not that their power in that respect is limited
:j by a special provision of the Constitution. A
,| member of the House of Representatives is a
I voting Jegistafor of the nation, holding an office
created by the Constitution; and as his vote may
affect other Stnfes, the Constitution takes care to
provide that he shall be elected in pursuance of a
iflio of his State; and by reason of this provision,
which is above the power of his congressional
district or of this House, he would be rejected.
But with a territorial Delegate the case is radi-
cally different. He is unknown to the Constitu-
tion, and has no vote in legislation. He is here
by coui'tesy as a mere agent of the Territory, to
inform the House of the wants and condition
of his people. It is a matter for the decision of
the House exclusively; and they ran, if they see
proper, admit one, two, or more Delegates from
a Territory, with or without law, and without
the consent of any other branch of the Govern-
ment. To grant a seat on this floor, or the right
to speak without voting, is their exclusive priv-
ilege, and has no limit but their own discretion.
True, there is a provision of lav^, that the Terri-
tories shall have Delegates on this floor; but
does any one doubt that, with the consent of the
House, they could have come here without such
law? The only effect of the law is, that, by it,
the Territories have the right to send at least one
elegate; Dwhilst, before, they were dependent on
the pleasure of the House alone.
Having thus shown that this is an appropriate
case to be controlled by the informal expression
of the popular will; that the election ofOctober9th
was not in conflict with, or violative of, eny law,
but, at most, only in the absence of law; that it
was not even in the absence of law as respects
the right to elect a Delegate, and most of the
forms of proceeding at the election districts were
the same as had already been created by law;
that the qualifications of voters were the same as
Congress had prescribed for the preceding elec-
tion; that the forms of oath and return, and the
mode of conducting the election, were the same
as had been prescribed and acted on at the pre-
vious election, under the authority of the organic
act; that the whole proceeding was conducted
with form and order; that its opponents can show
no fraud or unfairness; and that ail this was
necessary to prevent the great and cherished right
of representation from being suspended or de-
stroyed;—is there a substantial objection left, or
can the House refuse to sanction it? Let me ask,
had Congress deemed it proper to insert m the
organic act a direction for the second election, in
the event that the Legislature should fail to pro-
vide for it, would they not have been satisfied
with the forms which surround this one ? Would
they not have been content to say that such elec-
tion should be conducted m the same manner as
the first? And if so, will they refuse to sanction
subsequently the same thing which they woulp
have ordered and directed previously, if they
could have foreseen the necessity, when there is
no constitution and no law to restrain or to limit
their power to sanction? If this cannot be sanc-
tioned, it is idle to think of making a case that
can be. To refuse it will be virtually to deny
the political and governmental truth which has
been labored and demonstrated by lawyers,
judges, students, philosophers, and statesmen,
and which no man will deny flatly and openly.
It will be, in effect, to declare that old and ven-
erated principle to be an intruder and impostor,
and to refus|£ to recognize it, unless clothed at
every point with legal technicalities and forms,
which, at best, are its own creatures. Jt will be
to allow popular will to be outweighed by an
empty technicality, in the scales of conscience
and wide discretion alone.
To allow substantial merit to be submerged
by mere technicalities, and only because they are
technicalities, may do for a court tied down by
stringent rules; und even there the doctrine is
odious. But when they conflict with great funda-
mental and political truths, and the vital and
cherished right of representation in this popular
Legislature of a great and liberal Republic—upon
a question, too, where justice, truth, conscience,
and the doctrines of republicanism, it would be
narrow ground indeed for a statesman to stand
upon.
Thus far 1 have discussed the question upon
principle alone, and in that way I prefer to meet
it. But as many men choose to rest upon prece-
dents, rather than upon the principles that make
precedents, I will accommodate them also with
precedent and authority directly to the point, and
which cannot be otherwise than satisfactory, i
will exhibit cases where this House has sanc-
j tioned popular movements without the forms of
! law; where the Senate has done the same thing;
[ and where both Houses have done it, by law, m
[ the most solemn and emphatic manner, by reject-
i ing an election held under the forms of law, to
adopt one held without them, and liable to greater
objections than the case we now present. When
I have done this, I have a right to expect that the
last objection will disappear.
It will be seen that, m all the acts of Congress
for the admission of New States, the preamble
recites that the people have formed for themselves
a constitution and State government. As a num-
