950
appendix to the congressional globe.
[March 18,
34th Cong....1st Sess.
Naval Retiring Board—Mr. Houston.
Senate.
in conflict with ray individual feelings, it has always been
my rule to yield my own opinions to the opinions ot those
in whose judgment I have confidence, t do in this ca?e,
and will remain in the squadron until I can hear from the
Secretary of the Navy.
I am, v^"Specttul^ yo^obeFd^™t,RicK)
Captain United States Navy.
Commodore Jakes Bwdle.
Commanding Pacific Squadron, Monterey.
In a letter to the Navy Department, Commo-
dore Shubrick says:
" As soon as the Department can turn its attention to the
arrangements consequent oil a change from the state of
war to one of peace"—
This was in 1847, before peace—
—" I hope you will think of my situation, which is as un-
pleasant as it can possibly be made. I am informed by
Commodore Biddle that he has confidential orders to return,
and I presume he will leave Monterey soon after I rejoin I
him. This affords me no satisfaction; what has passed (
cannot be recalled; and my only wish now is, to return in
this ship or the Congress, and leave the command of the
Pacific Squadron to some one whose ardor is yet undamped
by disappointment, and who will therefore be able to
discharge its duties in a maimer more satisfactory to the
Government."
Here is his last letter:
" To the Hon. John Y. Mason, Secretary of the JSfavtj, i
Washington, District of Columbia
—rMr. Bancroft was not then Secretary:
United States Ship Independence,
Monterey, September 28, 1847.
Sir; Mr. Toler arrived here yesterday in the Preble,
from Callao, and brought me several dispatches from the
Department, and your letter of the 7th of May, in answer
to an application made by me in January last, to be allowed
to return to the United States in the Congress frigate, when
the terms of service of the crew of that ship should expire.
The arrival of Commodore Jones will be much earlit.-
than I expected, but I have hopes that all that is important
to be done on the west coast of Mexico will be effected
before his arrival; if not, however, it is my wish to remain,
and tender him my services as second in command, so long
as he may deem them of importance to the public interest.
I have the honor to be, sir, very respectfully, your obe-
dient servant, W. BRANFORD SHUBRICK,
Commanding Pacific Sjuadron.
This was nine days before the Secretary of the
Navy gave orders to Commodore Biddle actually
to g'o from the East Indies. This was the 7th of
May, and Commodore Biddle was ordered there
on the 16th of May.
" In answer to an application made by me in January
last, to be allowed to return to the United States"—
This was January, 1847, two months after he
got there.
—in the Congress frigate, when the terms of service of
the crew of that ship should expire."
Commodore Jones had then been ordered to
relieve Commodore Shubrick.
" But I have hopes that all that is important to be done
on the west coast of Mexico, will be effected before his
arrival; if not, however, it is my wish to remain, and tender
him my services, as second in command, so long as he may
deem them of importance to the public interest."
Now, the inference is clearly left to be drawn
from this correspondence, that the Secretary of-
the Navy, Mr. Bancroft, had treated Commodore
Shubrick uncandidly, and had concealed from him
any intimation of the fact that Commodore Biddle
was to be commander on that station. He said
that it was disingenuous, and, but for respect for
the Department, he would say harder things.
When he used such language, the inference is
clear that he had been kept in ignorance in rela-
tion to it. Was that the case ? When he sailed
on the 7th of August, 1846, his orders bore this
addenda different from thtt orders which are gen-
erally given to commodores:
" Should Commodore Biddle be in the Pacific off the
shores of Mexico at the time you arrive there, you will re-
port yourself to him; and, as long as he remains off the 1
coast of Mexico, you will act under his direction in concert
with him, communicating to him these instructions." !
Mr. PRATT. What is that document ?
Mr. HOUSTON. Mr. Bancroft's instruction
to Shubrick when he sailed, in August, 1846.
Thus it will be seen how the Secretary was
chargeable with treating him uncandidly, and to
what extent insubordination was carried on by
the commodore himself, when he charged the
Secretary of the Navy with disingenuousness
and a want of candor. He went further, and said
there was no occasion for the Columbus in the
Pacific. How did he know but that England or
some other Power had formed a treaty of alliance
with Mexico, and that we should require all the
fleet of the Uaited States, and every squadron we
had disposable, to defend our coast? We find
Commodore Shubrick using his influence to pre-
vent one of the most excellent and efficient vessels
in the Navv, the Saratoga, from joining our
Pacific squadron. He was willing to take away
from the force in the Pacific in time of war not
only his own efficiency, if you please, but the
means and materiel of meeting the enemy. He
knew not what enemies were to be met on that
coast; and he certainly ought to have supposed,
as a military man and a disciplinarian, that the
Secretary of the Navy was the competent judge,
and not Commodore Shubrick.
Mr. BUTLER. What ship did the Senator
say Commodore Shubrick wished to send home?
Mr. HOUSTON. I said that, by his sugges-
tion, the Saratoga returned from Rio de Janeiro;
and in a letter which I have read he says he can-
not suppose " there will be the least occasion for
the additional force of the Columbus. It is clear
that, in the opinion of the late Secretary, it was
not the Columbus, but Commodore Biddle, that was
needed here during the war."
Commodore Stockton and Commodore Sloat
had preceded him—I believe Commodore Stock-
ton had relieved Commodore Sloat, and Com-
modore Shubrick Commodore Stockton. Was it
not reasonable that he should be relieved from
command, if his continuance was not for the good
of the service ? He was not, in fact, ordered to
be relieved; it was a mere intimation. He was
not ordered to be relieved by Commodore Biddle
until the 16th of May, and he had applied in Jan-
| uary previous for leave'to return. On the 7th of
May, Commodore Jones was detailed to relieve
him. Others can judge as well as I can of the
propriety of desiring to come home with his pen-
nant when the force in the Pacific was not of a
character to give much efficiency to our marine
operations. It was weak, even with all the ships
we had there, if it was necessary to blockade at
a prominent point, and put down resistance to
this Government. It is very easy to perceive
what is meant, for Commoclore Biddle says to
him:
" Your return to the United States, at this time, will be
injurious to the service, and will, I think, be injurious to
yourself."
On reflection, his determination to leave was
changed. What the motive was I do not pretend
to say; I only state his determination. He had
sailed in August, I think, and must have arrived
between August and January; and in the month
of January he applied for leave to return from the
Pacific. He says further:
" This affords me no satisfaction; what has passed cannot
be recalled; and my only wish now is, to return in this
ship or the Congress, and leave the command of the Pacific
squadron to some one whose ardor is yet undamped by dis-
appointment."
What was there to damp his ardor? Was it
the fact that he had asked to be returned home in
January, and the Secretary of the Navy ordered
him to be relieved by Commodore Jones in May,
•and nine days afterwards Commodore Biddle
arrived, sooner than Commodore Shubrick ex-
pected? Were these circumstances calculated to
damp his ardor or impair his efficiency ? No one
had complained of his want of efficiency, or of
j, his not having performed his duty to the Govern-
j ment. Mr. Mason had not charged him with
delinquency or misconduct in office.
! Lieutenant Maury having had his leg broken,
when traveling to join a sea-going ship, had to be
relieved when his service was not material, and
when he was suffering under great bodily injury.
If that was a reason justifying his removal, here
you perceive that, in time of war, shortly after
its commencement, a commodore commanding a
squadron asked to be relieved and to be allowed to
return home from scenes of active military opera-
tions where one of the finest theaters was opened
to him—the whole coast of Mexico lay open to
his operations, our whale fishermen were out in
that sea—and everything opening to him a field
of glory. I have not known any occasion during
our war with Mexico, except some of the heavy
battles, where there was so great an opportunity
for reaping glory. I do not say he was wrong ,
in this; but I say that Lieutenant Maury's asking j
permission in time of peace, when he was suffer-
ing bodily inconvenience and infirmity, to be re- !
hevedfrom sea service would not justify the board !
] in striking him down, when Commodore Shu-
i brick, the president of the board, in time of war,
when in command of a well-manned and gallant
squadron, wished to leave it, after he had been
with it only a few months, because his ardor was
damped by the disingenuousness or uncandid-
ness of the Secretary of the Navy. The facts
show no provocation for the charge of a want of
candor, or dissimulation against the Secretary,
j Sir, if the Secretary of the Navy had instituted
proceedings against Commodore Shubrick for
using such language, it would have been a matter
of grave investigation whether the words were
not defamatory, and whether they could be sus-
tained by evidence.
Sir, I have no unkindness of feeling towards
the President of the United States or his Secretary
of the Navy; yet I do think it very unfortunate,
! to say the least, that the Navy has fallen within
their control and jurisdiction. Neither of these
gentlemen, though intelligent and able, had his
attention drawn to that department of defense in
: such a way as to qualify him eminently for its
| care. Every gentleman who goes into the Navy
| Department, owing to the condition of the van-
! ous bureaus there, is placed in a mesh, unless he
! has some experience in naval affairs. He is un-
acquainted with the details of the office. He finds
men who have become rooted there. Since those
i bureaus were established, twelve or fourteen years
since, they have had a controlling iniluence. He
necessarily looks to them for intelligence; he has
to rely on them for information; and after awhile
I that reliance settles down to submission on his
! part,and authority on their partover him. Unless
! a man has a master-will and unbounded capa-
i city to eviscerate a subject, and a will to con-
j trol and manage it, he will inevitably yield to
! their machinations, and will feel himself bound in
the meshes by which he is surrounded, and at
last must yield himself a victim to the designs of
packed conspiracies.
Mr. President, we are told that by the action
of the board the inefficient alone were to be re-
moved. Does not every one of us know that the
inefficient have not been removed; that men of
great efficiency have been removed: that men of
spotless reputations and high honor have been
removed; that men of skill in seamanship have
been removed, and their characters stained ? We
know that others have been retained who were
characterized as a portion of the " dry-rot," in-
stead of cutting that off, or separating it from the
pure material. That has been the effect. It waa
I efficiency that was required; and yet men are re-
; tained in the service who are not efficient—even
I one of the board himself bad his leg broken
; twice, and Lieutenant Maury had a leg broken
only once. 
Will the Senator allow me
Mr. MALLORY.
to say a word here ?
Mr. HOUSTON.
Mr. MALLORY.
With great pleasure.
My friend from Texas
authorizes me to interpose an explanation at this
point very appropriately; for I am very certain
that a gentleman who has distinguished himself
in everything that ennobles man, will not possi-
j bly charge on a member of the board what I can
| explain to be an error. The honorable Senator
| alludes to the case of Lieutenant Maury, who had
a leg broken, and said a member of the board had
j his leg broken twice. He brings this example
forward, I presume, as matter of complaint that,
| if one was removed from the active-service list,
! (and that was the predisposing cause for the re-
j moval,) the other should have been removed also.
1 I desire to make an explanation as to that point.
Lieutenant Missroon, in the active discharge of
his duty at sea, had the misfortune of having his
leg broken. It was immediately set while he was
at sea; and upon it he did two years' sea duty;
but finding that he w uld fail, and being devoted
: to his profession, what did he do? He left no
! stone unturned until he found surgeons willing to
break it over again. After two years he found
surgeons in the United States (having threatened
to go to France to find them) who were willing to
perform the operation. He did submit to a most,
painful operation; he had his leg broken over
again and reset; and on that leg he has since
performed seven years' sea duty. *£hat is the
explanation; and I hope the Senator from Texas
