THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 10,
i
J
Mr. COBB. I have but a simple suggestion to
make;
The CLERK. The yeas and nays having been
ordered, all debate is out of order.
Mr. COBB. I wish to make a suggestion which
I believe the House would adopt with \inanimity.
It is to strike out the last part of the resolution,
and so let it stand that there shall be two votes
taken when we first meet; and then let the House
be at liberty to go on and vote afterwards if it
shall think proper to do so. If the gentleman
will strike out the latter part of his resolution, I
will support it.
Mr: ORR. With a view of enabling the friends
of the resolution to fix it up to suit themselves,
I move that the House do now adjourn.
Mr. BARCLAY called for tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Barclay,
and Oliver of New York, were appointed.
The question was taken; and the tellers re-
ported—ayes 91, noes 33.
So the motion was agreed to; and* thereupon
(at half past three o'clock, p. m.) the House ad-
journed till to-morrow, at twelve o'clock, m.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
i Saturday, January 19, 1856.
The House was called to order by the Clerk at
twelve o'clock, m.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
LIMIT OF DEBATE.
Mr. CLINGMAN. Is the resolution I offered
yesterday evening still pending, or did it fall with
the.adjournment?
The CLERK. It fell with the adjournment.
Mr. CLINGMAN. So I supposed. I will
then offer another in its ylace, which I prefer to
that. But if it is not satisfactory to the House,
I hope it will be amended so as to make it so. I
send it to the Clerk's desk, and ask to have it
read.
The resolution was read, as follows:
Resolved, Thit until a Speaker shall huve been elected,
no debate on any subjcct, oi under the fo,in of' tv-i>onal
explanation, or on any other piereu whatever, MkiII be m
order; and any member attempting to--peak --hall bo hold
out of order, unless the unammou-i consent of the Ilou-i:
shall have been Hi n had, the que&uoii having been submit-
ted by the Clerk.
Mr. CLINGMAN. My object is to put the
resolution in such shape as*shall ascertain exactly
the position the House intends to assume. I
think the House is rapidly degenerating—if it
has not already—into a more political debating
society. I desire, therefore, that, if we are to
come here and vote at all, we may do it quietly;
or, if the House will not a^ree to that, then I
hope we shall have no voting at all for such a
length of time as the House shall sec fit to fix.
I believe that if you were to adopt such a propo-
sition as that, the members would go to the De-
partments and aftend to the business of their
constituents there or somewhere else, and that
only a dozen gentlemen, or some small number,
would attend, a« usual !y happens when the House
holds nii^ht sessions in Committee of the Whole
for the purpose of debate exclusively. As it is
now, we are obliged to come here every day, and
continue here waiting for a cail of the roll to vote,
when it generally happens that we do not take
more than one vote m a day, or, as was the fact
yesterday, none at all.
Now 1 admit that I have been a little to blame
in this matter, though 1 have not spoken ne ar as
frequently as some other gentlemen; but, sir, I
do not think these debates are profitable either
to the House or the country,because we have no
subject regularly before us. Now, if you were
to ao a«5 other debating societies do—select some
important subject and debate itpro and con.—from
the ability that has been manifested in these
irregular discussions that have taken place, I have
no doubt that the country might be much enlight-
ened and edified by them. Heretofore, we have
been debating without any question whatever
before us, and although much talent has been
displayed, much eloquence exhibited, still I think
it hos been to a great extent wasted. We should
have spoken much better if we had had some-
thing regularly before us to talk about. Of course,
when some gentleman rises and attacks the opin-
ions or votes of others, it becomes almost a mat-
ter of necessity that they should participate; but
I think it would be much better if this debatfe
were either prohibited altogether, or confined
within some established limits, during which no
voting should occur.
Mr. ORR. Will the gentleman from North
Carolina allow me to ask him a question?
Mr. OLINGMAN. With pleasure.
f Mr. ORR. I would like to know of my friend
from North Carolina, if he supposes the voting
we have had here has come any nearer to produc-
ing any definite result than the spooking? My
own impression is, that speaking here is more
likely to produce an election than voting.
Mr. CLINGMAN. I will answer the gentle-
man's question with pleasure. I think that voting
quietly would be much more likely to produce
that result than speaking, because the facts in the
past show that the debates we have had here have
increased the difficulties, rather than relieved them.
My own opinion is, that if we had come here and
voted steadily and quietly for ten days, with-
out any debate at all, we should have elected a
Speaker in that time; but gentlemen have spoken
upon whatever might be upon their minds, with-
out anything before the House, and the debate
has excited just interest enough to keep it going.
If the gentleman from South Carolina thinks that
free and unlimited debate will produce that re-
sult, though I do not agree with him, yet I am
willing to'try the experiment. Let us t'ry voting
quietly and steadily for a few days, say for a
week, and if there is no likelihood of bringing
about" any result, then I am willing to try the
experiment of discussion.
Why, sir, during the whole of the day yesterday
we did not have a single vote. Whether the coun-
try was enlightened and edified by the discussion
that took place, 1 leave other gentlemen to judge.
Cut, sir, I desire now to try voting. That is the
business in order, for, of course, the organization
of the House is the business in order. Neverthe-
less, if wo cannot have that, let us have debate
without limit, and debate only. If the proposition
| 1 have offered, or a similar proposition, cannot
I he ndopted, then if the gentleman from South
: Carolina will offer a proposition that will produce
| a result such as he has indicated, I will vote for
i it, and we shall then stand before the country, o
body of men who are not capable of organization
or of doing the high duties the Constitution
devolves on them, but who arc only capable of
forming themsehes into a debating society like
so many schoolboys, as is their custom on Sat-
urday evening, after having closed up the business
of the week, when they assemble together and
discuss some question that has been selected.
But, sir, I want the position of the House to be
distinctly defined. Let us try voting, and if it
is tound that we can effect nothing by it, then let
the country understand what we really are. But
I will not trouble the House longer with my
remarks. I submit the resolution to the House,
and, as I have offered some remarks on it myself,
I will not call the previous question.
Mr. READY. I am opposed to the passage
of the n'solution submitted by the^gentleman from
North Carolina. While 1 am as much opposed
to any unnecessary consumption of the public
time, I cannot see any possible result that will
be likely to follow from the passage of such a
resolution. Now, sir, we have had in operation
for week* a resolution limiting debate to ten min-
utes, and yet cveiy day has shown, by the man-
ner m which it is administered, the utter inutility
of the adoption of any such rule. A gentleman
rises ond addresses the House until his ten min-
utes have expired, and then he is allowed to go
on and occupy an hour's time, just as if no such
resolution existed.
Now, what is there to prevent the same course
being pursued if the resolution of the gentleman
from North Carolina [Mr. Clingman] be adopted ?
It will be within the power of the House to grant
an indulgence to any gentleman who asks it, and
you will have this spectacle presented: certain
gentlemen, who may have the ability to interest
the House, and more claim, perhaps, on the ears
of members than any other, will obtain an indul-
gence, while other gentlemen, who feel that they
have as great rights as anybody else—as gentle-
men who may happen to be favorites—will not
obtain that indulgence, and be cut off entirely.
That has been tho operation of the rule, as all
gentlemen very well know.
Mr. CLINGMAN. The gerftleman will allow
me to make this suggestion: .If my resolution is
adopted, it will then be in his power, and.indeed"
become his duty, to object to any member speak-
ing unless by unanimous consent.
Mr. READY. That is precisely the case now,
Mr. CLINGMAN. No, sir.
Mr. READY. And yet consent is obtained
here every'day, and every hour of the day, when
we are in session.
Mr. CLINGMAN. I will suggest this: The
question to allow a member to proceed beyond
the ten minutes is decided by a majority of th'e
House. A single member objects, and it is put
to the House, and only granted by a majority
vote. If my resolution is not in the proper form,
I trust that the gentleman will suggest amend-
ment.
Mr. READY. A majority would always set
aside such a rule. It would be set aside by the
same majority that adopted it; they could rescind
orsuspend it. I am byno means sure that the time
which has been occupied in discussion from day to
day has been thrown away; although I admit that
there has been a great deal of tiiffe consumed. I
am inclined to the opinion that much useful in-
formation has been elicited by it. It will go forth
to the country, and the country will be enlight-
ened on subjects on which theyjacked informa-
tion. There is a responsibility somewhere for a
failure to organize this House. Much of the dis-
cussion has been directed to that point, and I think
that it is important that the country should know
where that responsibility ought to rest; These
discussions will enable the country to place the
responsibility where it belongs; and I am by no
means sure, therefore, that much good has not
been done by the discussjtes which we have had.
I will say, further, theHram strongly inclined
to believe, that if all restriction was removed, and
the gentlemen who are disposed to discuss the
various questions which spring up here on tho
spur of the occasion are permitted to discuss
them ad libitum for three-or four days—or a week,
if you choose—there would be more disposition
then to vote and to continue to vote. We would
then, perhaps, have elicited all the information
which may be desired by individual members,
and which they may suppose that it is necessary
for the country to have. They then would be
more disposed to sit quietly, and vote hour after
hour and day after day until an election was had.
I would like to see that experiment tried for
once. If it fails, I shall then be in favor of
adopting the resolution offered by the gentleman
from North Carolina.
I have not made these remarks, Mr. Clerk,
because I desired to occupy the time; every gen-
tleman here knows that 1 have evinced no such
disposition. I desire, above all other things, to
see an organization, and a speedy organization,
and with as little unnecessary consumption of
time as anybody else. I express my*conviction
that the resolution of the gentleman from North
Carolina [Mr. Citnom\n] will result in nothing
beneficial, and will serve only to cut off some gen-
tlemen from expressing their sentiments on ques-
tions as they arise, while others, who are more
intimately acquainted with the rules, and have
greater tact in obtaining and keeping the floor,
will be enabled to occupy the time of the House
just as they have done heretofore. I believe that
the public interest is not to be advanced by the
adoption of the resolution.
Mr. HOUSTON. Mr. Clerk, I propose to
amend the resolution now under consideration,
so that it will preclude all debate during the call
of the roll; and put it out of the power of a ma-
jority of the House to suspend the operation of
the ten-mmute ru4e. I confess I do not under-
stand my friend's resolution as he does. I sup-
posed that the ten-minute rule was valid and
effective, unless unanimous consent was granted
for an individual to go beyond that time. If that
be its effect, then I shall go with my friend from
North Carolina so far as to cut off all debate
during the call of the roll, and put it out of the
power of a majority of the House to suspend the
ten-minute rule in order to allow one gentleman
to occupy the floor for a longer period than that
time.
Mr. CLINGMAN. I agree with my friend
from Alabama; I prefer that his proposition shall
be adopted, rather than nothing. If we cannot
