1856.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
987
£
nition, that the consequence of the system of
arol evidence will be to multiply the frauds on
.is office to a degree that lie will find it impossi-
ble to detect or stop. When we have provided
that the grant of a pension to a party shall be
presumptive evidence sufficient to authorize the
issuing of a warrant—that a former grail' of forty
or eighty acres shall be presumptive evidence of
title to a warrant for the complement that will
make up one hundred and sixty acres—when we
have provided for these two cases, and have also
provided for all the special cases, it seems to me
that the Senate has but to ask this question: Do
we intend, when we have perfect records, as in
the case of the war of 18] 2 and the Mexican war,
to admit parol testimony to change, to alter, to
violate the record which is before us? It seems
to me that I need only ask professional men at
all events to adhere to tlie settled principle of law,
that what can be proved by the record must be
proved by it.
Mr. IVERSON. The amendment which has
been suggested by the Senator from Ohio meets
all the cases m which my constituents are inter-
ested, or in which 1 feel any particular concern;
but there is a difficulty about that proposition in
the present state of the question. If my amend-
ment, which provides for parol evidence generally
in all classes of cases, shall be voted down by the
Senate, the Senate may also vote down the substi-
tute of the Senator from Ohio; and, if so, the whole
question of parol evidence would goby the board.
The difficulty is, and the danger Is, that if those
who are not in favor of parol evidence at all shall
vote against my amendment, and it be lost, the
amendment suggested by the Senator from Ohio,
if it shall be offered, will be lost, and we shall be
thrown back on record evidence.
Mr. PUGH. My friend can test that, if he
will withdraw his amendment, and allow me to
offer mine.
Mr. IVERSON. Can I offer mine after-
wards ?
Several Senators. Certainly.
Mr. FOOT. I suggest to the honorable Sen-
ator from Georgia, to obviate the contingency
suggested by him, to allow the vote first to be
taken on the amendment of the Senator from
Ohio, and then it will be in order for the Senator
from Georgia to offer his amendment.
The PRESIDENT. The amendment of tlie
Senator from Georgia is withdiawn.
Mr. IVERSON. For the present.
The PRESIDENT. The question now is on
the amendment of the Senator from Ohio, [Mr.
Pugh,] which has been read.
Mr. CASS. I know something of this matter
experimentally, and I must state it to the Senate.
When this question was first under consideration,
I was among those who opposed the admittance
of parol evidence. 1 voted against it. I foresaw,
as 1 thought, great inconvenience to result from
it. Soon afterwards an incident happened, which
I will mention to the Senate, that confirmed my
feelmg.
On the 8th of January, 1855, many of the sur-
viving officers and soldiers of the war of 1812
assembled here. I met them. A very respecta-
ble gentleman came up and took me by the hand.
He was an old man. " I am happy to see you,"
said he, " I have not seen you since the battle of
Tippecanoe." He then went on to describe where
he saw me, with very minute particulars. He
said I was riding at the time. He was a man of
character, and said precisely what lie thought, and
I have no doubt he would have sworn to it; but
I was never in the battle of Tippecanoe at all. It
was a year before the war of 1812.
This incident showed me the great danger of
admitting parol evidence in all cases. I was
amongst those who voted against it originally,
and yet 1 am satisfied, from occurrences which
have since transpired, that it has produced an
injury to many in my own locality, in 1814 1 was
in command on the northwestern frontier. Gen-
eral Brown was exceedingly pressed below, and
wrote to me for men. I sent him all the regular
troops but thirty m the country, and I received a
touching and grateful letter from him. Ill the
mean time the Indiansin the western and northern
parts of Michigan came down upon us. We had
110 troops. They attacked the out-settlements,
and drove the settlers into Detroit. In fact, they
killed a man, and took his son prisoner within my
own hearing; I was in Detroit, and I heard the
sound of the rifle that killed him. The inhabit-
ants went out, mustered occasionally, and to my
own personal knowledge they had an engagement
with the Indians within a mile from Detroit. In
various parts of the Territory of Michigan they
were employed day after day. There is no record
of their service. They have applied for bounty
land, but none can be obtained; but they were as
meritorious as any people in the Union who
served their country.
Now, as you are departing from the genera^
principle of excluding parol evidence, why make
exceptions in particular cases? Why not make
the rule general ? If the men deserved it, one class
deserves it as much as another; and there ought
to be a general provision, as is proposed by the
Senator from Georgia, and in favor of which I
shall vote. I dislike the idea of making particu-
lar exceptions, for, I repeat,1 know men who ex-
posed themselves—I saw them in battle with the
1 ndians—who are as meritorious as any men in
the world—men who went out after the Indians;
they were not in battle, and yet they should not
be excluded while others are admitted under cir-
cumstances no more favorable.
This very morning, Mr. President, I was at the
office of the Second Auditor with the roll of a
company which had done service in the Black
Hawk war. I know many of the individuals com-
posing that company. There is no record of their
service, but they have a muster-roll regularly
formed, with all the names in order, but it is un-
fortunately certified by a captain of the regiment,
who is now dead. Unless there is some provis-
ion to meet their case, they will be deprived of
the bounty held out by the law; there is no rem-
edy for them. I left the muster-roll there. I in-
tended to bring it here to show it to the Senate,
but on the suggestion of the Second Auditor I left
it with him for examination. 1 have no idea that
there can be found any technical " record evi-
dence" in relation to them.
1 repeat, therefore, that I cannot, for one, con-
sent that any partiality shall be made. If parol
■evidence is received in any case—and I am strongly
inclined, from the difficulties winch I have seen,
to admit it—it certainly ought to apply to all cases
in which the person deserved the bounty.
Mr. HAMLIN. I desire to inquire of the Sen-
ator from Ohio, if his amendment meets the case
of a substitute who performs all the service of
the party originally drafted, but the original
name appears on the roll throughout, the substi-
tute answering to the original name, and perform-
ing all the service? As I understand it, the pres-
ent law does not meet that case. The party
whose name is on the roll could not get it, be-
cause he must swear that he performed the ser-
vice. The man who performed the service could
not get the bounty land, because the record is
against him. I understand the amendment will
not meet that case.
Mr. PUGH. I am not a Yankee, but I will
reply to the question of the Senator by putting a
question to him. Does he know of such a case ?
Mr. HAMLIN. I know of many.
Mr. PUGH. I have heard of one case, stated
by the Senator from California, of that kind,
where before the expiration of the service the fact
was discovered, and was so entered on the mus-
ter-roll by his direction. That case sufficiently
appears on the record. We need no parol evi-
dence there.
The other case, as I stated a week ago, was
mentioned to me by one of the Representatives
from Tennessee. That man at the time made a
claim for a pension. The proofs were on file at
the time. The evidence bore fairness on its face;
and by a provision of the substitute of the com-
mittee which makes the pension or the bounty
land previously granted prima facie evidence of a
right to a warrant under the present law, that case
is entirely covered. I do not know howmany more
such cases can be presented. It is not a common
thing for a substitute to muster in the name of
the principal. It is very uncommon. I have no
doubt that it happened m the cases which 1 have
mentioned; but they are both covered by one or
the other provisions of this bill, as proposed to
be amended by the committee.
Mr. WELLER. I think it very unsafe to open
the door as wide as is proposed by the amend-
ment of my friend from Ohio; and I can state a
case still stronger than that presented by my friend
from Michigan, to show the insecurity of parol
testimony. In 1848, when I was a candidate for
Governor in the State of Ohio, some persons
charged me with behaving badly in the battle of
Buena Vista, and they obtained affidavits to prove
it. My command, however, was stationed at
Monterey, and I was not in the battle of Buena
Vista at all, nor within seventy-five miles of that
place at the time of the battle, yet affidavits were
produced, and it was proved by them that I be-
haved badly there. [Laughter.] I think this is
a very unsafe kind of testimony upon which to
rely.
Mr. FITZPATRICK. As I stated, when this
bill was under consideration a few days since, I
had my difficulties in coming to the conclusion to
vote for an amendment taking as wide a range as
that proposed by the Senator from Georgia. I
am perfectly willing to provide for all meritorious
cases if they can be designated, and put them in
the same category with those specified in the
amendment of the Senator from Ohio. I pre-
ferred, however, voting for the amendment of the
| Senator from Georgia, general as it was, instead
of depriving a large and meritorious class, with
whom I was acquainted, of the benefits to which
they should be entitled under the bounty land
law.
1 think the amendment now proposed by the
committee, through the Senator from Ohio, is a
liberal one; but I am willing to vote for including
in that amendment any case which any gentle-
man here can vouch for as correct, bringing down
parol testimony to a more recent and modern date.
The case stated by the distinguished Senator
from Michigan, of lus old comrade in arms whom
he had never seen in battle, ought to impress
itself, it, seems to me, on the minds of all Sen-
ators. We all know that the great lapse of time,
from 1790 to the present period, will very often
tend to mislead men who are perfectly free from
any dishonest intention.
1 only wished to make this statement in justi-
fication of the vote which I shall give. My
predilection is for the proposition of the Senator
from Ohio. I think it is offered in a spirit of
liberality, and in that view I really prefer it to
a general provision; and if we do not happen now
to provide for all cases, they can be provided for
hereafter, when they are properly established.
Mr. SEWARD called for the yeas and nays;
and they were ordered.
Mr. BROWN. I shall vote for the amend-
ment of my friend from Georgia, perhaps, because
I tlunk better of human nature than some of my
brother Senators. I do not believe that it will
lead to that wholesale perjury which they seem
to apprehend. I think better of my fellow-crea-
tures than that.
I know that injustice must be done unless you
admit parol testimony. It sometimes happens
that names are misspelled; sometimes in copying
the rolls names are accidentally dropped. A
very strong case occurring in my State I will
state: A venerable man, now some eighty years
of age, who has all his life maintained a high
reputation for honor and integrity, tells me that
he went to the rendezvous to be enlisted as a
regular soldier, but being expert in the manage-
ment of teams, he was detailed on that service,
and was therefore probably not enrolled as a vol-
unteer. He continued to perform service as a
teamster for several months. Somehow, it ap-
pears, that his name is nowhere to be found on
the rolls, and heisdenied bounty land. I suppose
nobody who knows the man would dream that
he would perjure himself for all the land which
the Government owns.
Mr. WELLER. The evidence of his service
ou°-ht to be found in the quartermaster's office.
&r. BROWN. My friend says that the evi-
dence of the service ought to be found in the
quartermaster's department. I know very well
what ought to be; but I repeat his name is not
found. He is able to show, by men who served
with him, who went to the rendezvous in com-
pany with him, who came home with him, that
he was there and performed active service; but
he is not able to show anything by the records;
and, therefore, he is denied bounty land.
Sir, if these volunteer soldiers were at all respon-
sible for the keeping of your records, and they
were improperly kept, it would be just to deprive
