mm.
THE, Opj^R 1SSIQMAL. CHLaffE.
.stop all debate, then I hope we will stop it during
the call of the roll, and limit ii to ten minutes. If
liis amendment is adopted, I will vote for the
proposition as amended. .
Mr. HOUSTON. I, do not think that it is
altogether easy to preclude ourselves from all
debate. Itmay be that some point will spring up
that will demand a fair and candid examination.
1 believe that if the ten-minute rule- be adhered
to, it will be restriction enough. Of course I
include prevention of all debate during the call
of the roll, which has been the great evil, and of
which there is so much complaint. If this be
done, I think that we will progress rapidly. I
now call for the previous question, if it does not
cut off my amendment.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Kentucky. I would ask
the gentleman from Alabama whether the propo-
sition would cut off my friend from Ohio [Mr.
Campbell] from a reply to the gentleman from
Georgia, [Mr. Stephens A which he said that he
would not make until that gentleman was present?
The CLERK. The previous question cuts off
all debate.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio. If the gentleman
will allow me, I desire to say a few words. I
have no particular anxiety to address the House
at this time, or at any other time, when it will re-
tard the programs of the business of the House.
Besides that, Tdo not wish to address it in the
absence of the gentleman from Georgia, [Mr. Ste-
phens,] and particularly as the remarks made by
him the other day have not yet been published.
The gentleman informed me last evening that he
was indisposed, and would probably be absent to-
day, and I have, therefore, no desire to address
the House to-day.
Mr. CLINGMAI^, I accept the suggestion
of the gentleman from Alabama, [Mr. Houston.]
and offer the following as a modified proposition:
Resolved, That during the call of the ro<l no debate or
personal explanation shall be m order, and this rule and the
ten-minute rule shall not be suspended, except by the unan-
imous consent of the House.
Mr. HOUSTON. I am satisfied with that reso-
lution, and call for the previous question upon it.
Mr. CL1NGMAN. I second it.
Mr. LEITER. I ask the gentleman to with-
draw the call for the previous question.
Mr. HOUSTON. I dislike to seem to be ob-
stinate, and especially to my friend from Ohio,
but I desire that we shall take a few ballots, ar.d,
with a view to cut off debate, I insist upon the
previous question.
Mr. ORR. Do I understand that the gentlemanif
from North Carolina accepts the amendment?
Mr. CL1NGMAN. Yes, I accept it; but if
this resolution is adopted, and any gentleman
offers the other proposition, I will vote for that
too.
Mr. ORR. Well, I am willing to go for the
resolution in its present shape.
Mr. SNEED. I ask that the resolution may
be read in the form in which it now stands.
The Clerk read the resolution as modified by
Mr. Houston and accepted by Mr. Clingman.
The main question was then ordered to be put,
and being put, Shall the resolution be adopt-
ed?" it was decided in the affirmative.
So the resolution was agreed to.
VOTE FOR SPEAKER.
The House then proceeded to vote the one hun-
dred and seventeenth time for Speaker, with the
following result: Whole number of votes cast,
202; necessary to a choice, 102; of which—
Nathaniel P. Banks received  94
William A. Richardson    69
Henry M. Fuller  31
Alexander C. M. Pennington  ^
Lewis D. Campbell  3
Gilchri-t Poiter  1
Eli S. Shorter  1
So there was no choice.
The following is the vote in detail:
For Mr. Banks,—Messrs. Albiiifht, Allnon, Henry Bennett,
Benson, Billinchurst, Bmgham, Bishop, Blis^ Brad-haw,
Brenton, Buffington, Burlm^ame, James II- Campbell,
Lewi® D. Campbell, Chaffee, Colfax, Coimn«,Ciagm,Oum-
back, Damrell, Timothv Davis. Day, Dean, De W itu Dick,
Dickson, Dodd, Durfce, Edic, Emne. Giddmgs, Gilbert,
Granger, Grow, Hailan, Holloway, Thomas R. Hoiton,
Valentino IS. Korton, Howard, Hughston, Kelsey, Aing,
Knanp, Knight, Knowlton, Knox, Klini.rl, Loiter, Hace,
Matteson, McCarty, Meacham, Morgan, Monill, Mott,
Nichols, Norton, Andrew Oliver, Parker, Pearce, Pelton,
Pettit, Pike, Pringle, Purviance, Ritchie, Robbing, Roberts,
Salnn, Sage, Sapp, Sherman, Simmons, Spinner, Stanton,
1, Todd, Trafton,
, ^ Cadwnlrulcr C.
Washburne, EUihu B. Washbumej Israel Washburn,
Watson, Weleli, Wood, Woodruff, and Woodworth.
For Mr. Ric/tprdson—Mussis. Aiken, Allen, Barclay,
Barfesdale, Bell, Hendley S. Bennett, Bocock, Bowie,
Boyce, Branch, Burnett, Cadwalader, Caruthers, Clingman,
Howell Cobb, Williamson fi. W. Cotib, (Jraige, Davidson,
Dowdell, Edmundson, Elliott,English, Faulkner, Florence,
Thomas J. D. Fuller, Goode, Greenwood, Augustus Hall,
Sampson W. Harris,Thomas L. Harris, Herbert, Hickman,
Houston, Jewett, George W. Jones, J. Glancy Jones, Kelly,
Kidwell, Letcher, Lumpkin, Samuel S. Marshall, Maxwell,
MeMullin, Mattucijii, Smith Miller,Millson, Mordecai Oli-
ver, Orr, Peck, Phelps, Powell, Quitman, Kullin, Rust,
Sandidge, Savage, Samuel A. Smith, William Smith, Stew-
art, Talbott, Taylor, Vail, Warner, Watkins, Wells, Wil-
liams, Winslow, Daniel B. Wright, and John V. Wright.
.For Mr. Fuller—Messrs. Broom, John P. Campbell, Car-
lile, Cox, Cullen, Henry Winter Davis, Etheridge, Eustis,
Evans, Foster, J. Moriison Harris, Hoffman, Kennett,
Lake, lnndley, Humphrey Marshall, Alexander 1C. Mar-
shall, Fame, Porter, Ready, Ricaud, Rivers, William It.
Smith, Sneeil, Swope, Tnppe, Underwood, Valk, Walker,
Whitney, and Zollicoffer.
For Mr. Pennington—Messrs. Harri&on, Haven, and
Moore.
For Mr. Camplell—Messrs. Dunn, Edwards, and Scott.
For Mr. Porter—Mr. Henry M. Fuller.
For Mr. Shorter—Mr. Richardson.
Pending the call of the roll on the above vote,
Mr. HERBERT stated that his colleague, Mr.
Denver, had paired oft'with Mr. Galloway.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia, (after the result was
announced,) said that Mr. Wheeler had left
the city, and had requested him to state to the
House that he had paired off until "Wednesday
next with Mr. Bail.
Mr. QUITMAN. I intended yesterday-to take
the floor for the purpose of making a few remarks
in reply to those which fell from the gentleman
from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Grow,] who last spoke
upon the sufjjeet of the responsibility of the several
parties for the failure of this House to organize;
but 1 refrained from doing so iri the hope that some
other gentleman would have done it. But, there
were some expressions thatfell from the gentleman
from Pennsylvania, in the few eloquent remarks
that he made to the House, which I think it my
duty to animadvert upon. He traces the cause
of the failure of this House to effect an organiza-
tion, not to what has occurred during the present
session, but he goes back to the passage of the
Kansas-Nebraska bill as the cause of the hostile
feeling between the different sections of the Union
which to-day produces the disorganization of this
House.
The gentleman does not go far enough back.
Is it, sir, the passage of that, bill which has given
to all portions of this country tln-ir equal rights
in this Confederacy—is it the passage of that
bill which has produced this slate of feeling be-
tween the different sections of the country? If
it is, then the gentlemen who concur with him
have taken the bold position that they will deny
to a large portion of this country their common,
ccjual, constitutional rights. If this is the po-
sition gentlemen occupy, we from the minority
section of the Union would be glad to know
it. But, sir, what is the Kansas-Nebraska bill ?
What is it but a recognition of the principles
which underlie the Constitution of the United
States?—the right of all the States in their Fed-
eral capacity, and the rights of the citizens of
the respective States to an equal participation in
a country which was acquired by their common
blood and treasure—not less by that of the
people of the South than that of the people of the
North.
But gentlemen are mistaken. They do not
travel back to the sources of that angry feeling
which exists between the different sections of the
Union, when they stop at the passage of the Ne-
braska bill by the last Congress. _ That was not
the cause of that hostility of feeling which now
prevents the organization of this House. That
was not the original cause why, at the present
time, we find the two sections of the country
arrayed against one another. I will tell gentlemen
what the cause is. The cause has operated for
more than a year. It made its appearance on
this floor in 1819, and was only quieted for a
time by the compromise of 1820. It broke out
afresh in 1835. It is to be found in that spirit
of aggression upon the institutions of the South
which comes from a portion of that section of
the country which the gentleman [Mr. Grow]
represents. The South has ever stood by the
guarantees of the Constitution; she has adhered
faithfully to the system of government under
which we live. She has never undertaken to
make any encroachment upon any Slate rfj&tsj
"or upon any individual rights of the citizeiisqr
the Nortlu Not so with the Nortli.' Upoii'tlie
application of Missouri for: admission mto the
Union in 1819, she evinced her disposition to
exercise her political powers to prevent th£ in-
crease, of slaveholding States, and to deprive tie
South of her just rights to a participation in all
the benefits of the union. ,rfRe political jsttjfe
which grew out of that controversy threatened
the dissolution of the Union. It resulted in a
compromise unjust to the South, but which she
was compelled to accept. The result of that
struggle, thus terminated, quelled agitation for a
time. It soon rose a ain with fearful violence,
and has been continued ever since.
But the gentleman traces back the cause of this
sectional hostility one year only. Let me tell
him that, twenty years ago, when I had the honor
to send in an executive message to the Legislature
of Mississippi, I deemed it proper to call the
attention of the Legislature of that State to the
aggressive movements in the northern States.
Could I have procured that document, I would
have read extracts from it to show the truth of
my remarks. The South has ever sincc com-
Elained of this intermeddling of the North with
er institutions. Yet it has continued without
intermission; it is the agitation which that gen-
tleman, and those who cooperate with him, has
raised that has produced this feeling between the
different sections of this country, and not the
passage of the Kansas-Nebraska bill; that was
the result, not the cause. It is not because the
Kansas-Nebraska bill has taken away a single
right from the North, but it is because it has
performed a constitutional duty to the South; be-
cause it has given to the South the same rights
which we acknowledge are possessed by the peo-
ple of the North. Let the gentleman, then, when
lie attempts to trace causes, go back to the sources _
of this state of feeling, and he will find that it is
upon you, northern men, the responsibility of
this state of things lies—upon you, who nava
stirred up this sectional agitation, you who seek
to deprive sovereign States of their federal and
constitutional rights. When you attempt, then,
to trace itback, go to its true source. In the future
of our country, if it should happen that the glori-
ous system which our fathers have transmitted to
us should fall and tumble into ruin, the verdict
of posterity and history will be to condemn the
agitators of the slavery question as traitors to
the Constitution and to the e^ual constitutional
rights of a portion of this Union. There, sir, 1
trace it, and there posterity will trace it, and will
not impute it to the action"of the last Congress in
doing what was nothing but mere justice to the
South.
Gentlemen tell us here, graciously, that they
are not disposed to invade our rights of property
within the States. I do not thank them for that.
Let me tell them here on this floor—though my-
self bom north of Mason and Dixon's line—that
that is not all we desire. No, sir; we desire
more. We desire the common benefits of this
system of Government. We are not content that
that great interest, whose existence in our section
of the country has constituted so important an
element of your prosperity as well as of ours—
that system which God m his infinite wisdom
has permitted to be built up in our country to
promote, foster, and carry forward its great des-
tiny:—should meet a mere tolerance at your hands
in the States in which it exists. INo, sir; we
would be craven, we would be traitors to our
constitutional rights, if we did not ask of you
what we have a right to demand—the benefits
of the great system of government which your
fathers and our fathers established. We demand
it. We demand its benefits as well for our prop-
erty as for yours, within the legitimate sphere of
its action. We will not be content, we ought
not to be content, with anything less. We are
willing to meet you here its independent and pa-
trioticmen, and stand as equals upon a level, face
to face and eye to eye; but we do not intend that
you shall be our superiors—that you shall reap
all the advantages of our common Government.
We wantits benefits cdso, and we insist upon them.
You deprive us of most of our constitutional
rights when you refuse to us all and every of the
blessings which those institutions were intended
