1856.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1861
berof them formed their government without any
law at all to authorize it, and its whole vitality
eame from the primary movements of the people,
the act of admission operated as a direct sanction
of these informal popular movements; and in re-
citing them by preambles, no distinction is made
between those formed under a law, and those
formed without law. Some were formed under
a law of the Territorial Legislature; but it is easy
to show that such law is equivalent to no law at
all, and absolutely void. In the debate on the
admission of Michigan, Mr. Buchanan says:
'* The piecedent of the case of Tennessee has silencpd all
objection that a previous act of Congtess was necessary."
And again:
" The passage of the previous enabling act of Congress,
was not required by principle or precedent."
In the debate on the admission of California,
General Cass says:
u I maintain that all communities have aright to organize
themselves, and provide toi social order, when such order
cannot otherwise be obtained."
And in allusion to the objection, that the elec-
tion of delegates took place under a voluntary-
movement of the people, ho says:
" Tilts objection cannot bo sustained in tins age of the
woild, before the people of this country, and, I may add,
before the people ot Christendom."
Mr. Clay says:
" When a constitution has been formed, with some de-
gree of irregularity, a> tn tin' ease of California, vou ate to
consider ol these irregularities, and deternnnc'as states-
men, looking to great objects, and the accomplishment of a
great purpose." * *■ A * And you are not
to be led off by mere technicalities "
Much more might be said on the subject of
these admissions of new States; but with a single
reference to Wisconsin, I will pass on to other
subjects of more direct bearing: and in regard to
Wisconsin, I only desire to say, that although,
m all the previous enabling acts for other States,
Congress had provided ail the forms and ma-
chinery for apportioning delegates, conducting
and returning elections, times,places, and qualifi-
cations of voters; yet in the case of Wisconsin, the
naked privilege to form a constitution was con-
ferred, and all the details mentioned in the other
acts were hero left to the people.
But wc will pass on to another class of enses
than the admission of States. On the 27th of Jan-
uary, 1837, the Hon. Isaac E. Crary claimed a
seat in this House as a member from the State of
Michigan. The State had been admitted only
the day before, and yet his credentials disclosed
the fact that he had been elected in October, 1835.
There had been no law authorizing his election,
or any other proceedings previous thereto. The
whole was nothing more or less than a voluntary
movement of the people, with no vitality or force
except that derived from the popular will. True,
there had been an act of the Territorial Legisla-
ture; but that, as 1 will now show, was an abso-
lute nullity, and could impart no more legality
than the recommendation of a wayfarer. It was
not within the circle of their powers, which, as in
all Tenitories, were confined to the administration
of the territorial government. Among the enumer-
ated powers conferred by Congress, there was no
authority to organize a State They could neither
give permission to the people nor withhold it; and
any act they mightassume to pass upon the sub-
ject was futile, impotent, and void, and could
neither weaken nor strengthen the popular action.
If the latter was valid, it was so without the action
of the Legislature; and if void m itself, that act
could give it no aid. This is clear upon principle;
hut as time does not serve to dilate further upon
it, I will content myself by citing some authori-
ties.
Hon. P>. F. Butler, Attorney General of the
United States, in an elaborate opinion upon the
point, given to the President in the case of the
Territory of Arkansas, after a full and lucid
argument, says: *
uTo suppose that the legislative poweis granted to the
General Assembly included the power to abrogate, alter, or
montly the unmoinil government established by the act
of Congress, and of winch the Assembly is a constituent
p.ut, would be manifestly absurd."
" It is not ni tiie poviei ot the General Assembly of Arkan-
sas to pa-sj any law for the purpose ot electing members to
a convention to form a constitution and State government,
oi to do am othet act, dueetly or indirectly, to create such
new government. Every such law, though approved by
the Governor ot the Territory, would he nub and void, if
passed hv them, notwithstanding his veto, it would still be
fjuaiiy void."
Only a few days before Mr. Crary presented
himself in the House, Mr. Buchanan, in the Sen-
ate, during the debate on the admission of Mich-
igan, which he favored and voted for, says:
"No Senator will pretend that tlie Territorial Legisla-
ture have any right whatever to pass laws enabling the
people to elect delegates to a convention for the purpose of
forming a State constitution, it was an act of usurpation
on their part.
Both these gentlemen, while declining the ac-
tion of the Legislature absolutely void, admitted
the power to be in the people. Not only was
Mr. Buchanan's confident challenge of denial
unanswered by any Senator, but at no time in
the Senate or the House, so far as my researches
have gone, has this doctrine of the utter ineffi-
ciency of such action by the Territorial Legisla-
ture ever been contradicted; and I may add, it
never successfully can be. Mr. Crary's whole
title, then, rested upon the voluntary informal
movement of the people, sustained by no law.
But there is another singular piccc of evidence, to
clinch this, if necessary: one year before, a peti-
tion had been presented to the House, from the
Legislatureelected under the same popular author-
ity, and at the same time as Mr. Crary, and the
House had referred it, with a declaration embodied
in the resolution, that they "regard thesamcmno
other light than as the voluntary act of private indi-
viduals." And yet, with this express declaration
put upon their own rccoid by themselves, in the
strongest language, that Mr. Crary's election was
informal, and without any kind of legal authority,
he was, after a short debate, admitted and sworn.
And this, it will be lemembered, was the case of
a voting, constitutional member; not a mere ter-
ritorial Delegate; andMr.Crarypresented no poll-
books or election returns as evidence, but only
the certificate of the Governor, whose election was
no more formal than his own.
In 1804, John Hoge claimed a seat in this House
as a Representative fiom the State of Pennsylvania
to fill a vacancy. It was objected that lus elec-
tion was illegal, because the fourth section of the
first article of the Constitution provided, "that
the times, places, and manner of electing Senators
and Representatives shall be prescribed in each
State by the Legislature thereof;" and the Legis-
lature having failed to provide for special elections
to fill vacancies, the Governor had assumed m his
proclamation to fix the time, place, and manner,
himself. True, it was faintly contended by one
or two members, that because the second section
provided, that "when vacancies happened, in
the representation from any State, ihe executive
authority thereof shall issue writs of election to
fill such vacancies," he should have, by implica-
tion, the power to fix the time, place, and manner.
But as this power could oniy be by forced impli-
cation, and was not at all necessary to the per-
formance of the mere duty of ordering the election,
and as the argument would seek to raise an unne-
cessary and implied power, from a previous sec-
tion, to takeaway an express and unqualified pow-
er, granted by a subsequent section, it was but
faintly pressed and successfully refuted, it is plain
from an examination of th? ease, that the objection
was true; and yet the House, although the notice
of the election was a very short, and the poll a
very small one, by a vote of sixty-nine to thirty-
eight, admitted Air. Hoge to his seat. This was
an unequivocal indorsement of the popular action,
as the Governor had not power to prescribe the
form, and the Legislature, who alone had the
power, had failed to exercise it.
The next case J shall cite derives additional
interest from the fact, that it was the commence-
ment of the political career of a man who made
his mark upon his age, his country, and the world;
the combined elements of whose character have
rooted the memory of his brilliant and extraor-
dinary achievements, deep in the hearts of our
people; have contributed in a wonderful degree to
the glory of our country, and elevated his own
fame to a dizzy and overtowering height. On the
5th December, 1796, Andrew Jackson, then but
twenty-seven years of age, and comparatively
unknown as a public man, presented himself in
this House as the first member from Tennessee,
claimed his seat, was admitted, and sworn. His
election had no formalities and no law to sustain
it, save the omnipotent and venerated law of the
popular will. The Territorial Governor and Le-
gislature understanding too well the extent of
their powers to dictate by a positive law, that
popular action in which the whole power rested,
had ventured only to " recommend' to the people
to make and organize a State government; and
the people, without any law of Congress, had
made their government and elected their officers.
William Blount and Willie Blount participated
in this movement, and General Washington in-
dorsed it. Fortunate was it for them and the
country, sir, that the nation was then in its prim-
itive ignorance and its crude simplicity; fortunate
that the constitutional expounders, legal and po-
litical luminaries, and the profound statesmen of
1856, were then unborn; fortunate that we had
then only such small lights as Jefferson, Adams,
Franklin, Madison, Pickering Randolph, Jay,
Hamilton, and Marshall, else General Washing-
ton or General Jackson, like my unfortunate con-
stituents, would have been arraigned before the
country for public illegality, revolutionary dis-
order, and incipient treason, Happy country!
where the homely candles of revolutionary days
have been succeeded by the gas-hghts of modern
improvement!
Although H is scarcely possible that this House
will ever again have the opportunity to usher
upon the public arena a counterpart of the first
member from Tennessee, yet surely the national
glory and greatness of the political life which
dated from the adoption then of the rule which 1
invoke now, ought to allay any fears of its irnag-
inaiy evil tendencies.
But wc will pass on from what, under the
authority of the present Administration, must be
stigmatized as the dark ages of constitutional law,
and come down to the times of political cnliglit- j
enment. In 1848, the Territory of Wisconsin,
having formed a State government, was admitted
by Congress into the Union. The boundaries of
the new Slate, not being identical with those of
the Territory, excluded a population of about
four thousand persons between the St. Croix and
Mississippi rivers, who were thus left for the
time uncared $^r, and without a government.
General Dodge, the last Governor of the Terri-
tory, had taken his seat in the Senate, and the
territorial government was dissolved and discon-
tinued. Mr. Catlin, the former Secretary of the
Territory, left the new State, and joining the
excluded inhabitants claimed to be acting Gov-
ernor, and issued his proclamation for a special
election of a Delegate to Congiess. Henry H.
Sibley was elected, and upon Secretary Catlin'p
certificate was admitted to his seat by a vote of
124 to 62—three members now on this fioorvoting
in the affirmative. Gentlemen who contend that
this election possessed legal formalities, must
contend not only that the territorial laws re-
mained in force in the St. Croix country, but
that the offices still survived, and the entire
political organization called the Territory of Wis-
consin, which had been converted into a State
and extinguished, still existed m all its vitality
in the fragment of country which had been ex-
cluded. That the laws did survive, dormant for
the want of any one to administer them, may
very probably l e the case; but that the offices
and political organization of the Territory were
' entirely gone and destroyed, is perfectly plain.
Mr. Catlm was reduced to a private individual,
and his proclamation ordering an election was
unauthorized and void. The election derived ali
its virtue from the act of the people alone, and
this was properly considered sufficient to admit
the Delegate ro his seat.
The next case I will cite was one in which
! there was a spirited debate. The day after the
I admission of California, Messrs. Wright and
: Gilbert presented themselves here as members.
| The informal character of all the proceedings in
California is so well known, that I will not con-
i same time in referring to them. Mr. Venable, of
! North Carolina, objected on the ground that the
! Constitution of the United States required the
j time, place, and manner of election for members
! to be fixed by law, and that no man can be the
representative from a State unless electcd in pur-
suance of a law passed by the Legislature, and
that such law is part of his constitutional title.
He showed, by the certificates of election and the
schedule, that on the day when these gentlemen
t were electcd, there was no constitution, no law,
and no Legislature*, that by the Constitution of
1 the United States the qualifications of voters for
