THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 19,
to secure to all the citizens of every State. Do
not be mistaken; let not gentlemen deceive them-
selves with the idea that we are asking from their
bounty mere tolerance of our institutions in the
States. We demand all our constitutional rights—
I say, we demand them. [Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. GROW. The gentleman from Mississippi
[Mr. Quitman] complains of remarks made by
me yesterday, and refers the agitation which
exists in the country at the present moment back
to the year 1835, instead of to the repeal of the
Missouri compromise. In 1819, gentlemen say.
Very well. Sir, whether your Missouri compro-
mise was constitutional or not—whether or not it
was a violation of your constitutional rights under
this Government—your fathers agreed with our
fathers, on the 6th of March, 1820, that they
would give up that constitutional right—if they
had it—and that slavery should be forever after
excluded from the territory north of the line 36°
30'. Of the one hundred and three gentlemen who
then represented the South in this House and in
the Senate, but forty-six voted against this line.
Among the number who sustained it was your
own immortal Clay. He declared in the Senate
of the United States, in 1850, u that a majority of
southern members sustained that wrong—himself
among the number." Whether its passage was
or was not a violation of a constitutional right, it
was " a fair bargain," and good faith required
that it should be observed. By it you consented
voluntarily to relinquish all right to carry slavery
north of the line of 36° 30'; and after availing
yourselves of all the advantages secured by that
arrangement to you, after converting every foot
of territory soutli of that line into slave territory,
you came here, ancl by force of numbers struck
down that bargain which your fathers made, and
which was religiously observed for over a third
of a century.
Mr. QUITMAN. Do you assert that Mr.
Clay voted for the Missouri compromise line ?
Mr. GROW. I do assert that Mr. Clay says
lie voted for the line of 360 30'.
Mr. HARRIS, of Illinois. He never did say
so.
Mr. GROW. And that a majority of southern
members in the House and in the Senate voted
for it.
Mr. BOWIE. Mr. Clay has stated that lie did
not vote for that line; he was not present, but he
thought that if he had been he would very likely
have done so.
Mr. GROW. I refer to a speech made by Mr.
Clay in the Senate of the United States on the
(5th of March, 1850, in which he says, that
" among those who agreed to that line were a
majority of southern members," and that " I have
no earthly doubt that I voted in common with
my other southern friends for the adoption of
tho line of 3(P3G'." Thatisthe language of Mr.
Clay, in 1850, in the Senate of the United States.
Ana, although he cannot speak to-day with living
voice, he docs speak through the records of his
country; and I trust that no man will stand here
to contradict his own declaration.
Mr. HARRIS. Will the gentleman allow me
to interrupt him ?
Mr. GROW. No, I cannot now.
Mr. HARRIS. The gentleman dares a contra-
diction of the statement that Mr. Clay voted for
the line of 36° 30'. 1 wish to furnish a contra-
diction.
Mr. GROW. You may do so when I get
through.
Mr. HARRIS. You challenge a contradiction,
and I wish to make it.
Mr. GROW. No, sir, I only refer to the record.
One word now in reply to the charge of northern
aggressions upon the South, made by the gentle-
man from Mississippi, [Mr. Quitman,] for whom
I entertain the kindest feelings; and the remarks
I may make I trust will not be considered as in
any way reflecting personally upon any south-
ern man. We expect men coming here—reared
under the influences which surround them—
impressed with the influences of the society in
which they live—to hold views upon slavery dif-
fering from ours. With that we find jio fault;
but we claim the right to hold the sentiments
inculcated by the education of our childhood and
influences which have surrounded our lives, and
that we shall be allowed to express them here
with the same freedom as a southern man
expresses his, withoutbeing disfranchised therefor
under this Government.
Sir, what are the nothern aggressions that the
gentleman speaks of? Let me say to the gentle-
man 
Mr. QUITMAN, (interrupting.) I desire to
ask the gentleman from Pennsylvania this ques-
tion: whether he himself was not elected as a
member of this House on the principle of hostility
to the institutions of the southern States ?
Mr. GROW. Sir, I hold no "hostility" to
the institutions of the southern States, but shall
resist the effort now making to change the con-
struction given to the Constitution by our fathers,
and the action of every branch of the Govern-
ment for over sixty years. If any one thing
more than another secured my return to this
House for the third time, by the unanimous vote
of my district, it was no doubt because I had
stood upon this floor, and resisted the repeal of
the Missouri compromise.
But, let me say to the gentleman from Missis-
sippi, that political Abolitionism in the North—
paradoxical as it may seem—is the child of the
South. You nurtured it in infancy, when too
feeble to stand alone; and you have made it
strong in manhood by the injudicious and unjust
legislation of this Hall. Sir, when the North
petitioned this Government to take steps in ref-
erence to the institution of slavery, where it is
conceded to be solely under the jurisdiction of
Congress, you passed the twenty-first rule, deny-
ing a great constitutional right to freemen under
this Government. That inaugurated political
Abolitionism in the North; and from that day to
this the warfare has been one of constitutional
rights, not for the South alone, but for the North.
In resisting the reopening of this agitation in the
last Congress, by a repeal of the Missouri com-
promise, I took occasion to say that—
" Previous to that time [i. e. the passage of the twenty-first
rule] Abolitionism was but a sentiment, and a men; senti-
ment is not a sufficient b;i*is for a formidable political organ-
ization ; but when nieat principles ofeonstiUuional right are
violated in the legislation of the country, legislative acts
combining with a strung and muveisal sentiment may form
enduring oigamzation*. And the sentiment of the "North,
in refeienee to slavery, being deep and general, when you
force up legislative issues to combine with it, then be-
comes a foimidablc element."
You then placed a censorship over the mails
of this country like that placed by Louis Na-
poleon to-day over the press of France; and in
this country, where we claim that intelligence
should circulate as free as the air we breathe, you,
• empowered your postmasters to declare what is
! incendiary, and to withhold such matter from the
| white freemen of the South. You placed upon
the rccoids of your country, througn your Sec-
retary of State, John C. Calhoun—a man whose
memory I revere for his purity of character and
integrity of purpose—one of tho brightest and
purest intellects that the country ever produced—
you put, 1 say, upon the records of the country,
through him, a justification of the annexation of
Texas, on the ground that it would uphold and
support the institution of slavery; and you asked
northern men to indorse that issue, made in our
State papers. And in the last Congress, you j
struck down—as I stated in the opening of my j
remarks—a fair bargain, made by your fathers ]
with our fathers, and which had been religiously i
observed by them for more than a third of a |
century. 1
Mr. QUITMAN, (in his scat.) You robbed :
us of California. j
Mr. GROW. The gentleman says that we i
have robbed you of California. How is that? S
California came to Congress and asked to be ad- j
mitted as a State of this Union. Your Govern- |
ment had neglected to give her a Government, and i
she was forced to fall back upon the inherent j
rights of men to take care of themselves. i
Mr. QUITMAN- Why not extend to C-ali- j
fornia the compromise line ? I
Mr. GROW. I am coming to that presently.
The people of California—in the exercise of what J
men call popular sovereignty, and which was in
this case really "popular sovereignty," because
the people were forced by the neglect of the Gov-
ernment to rely entirely on their inherent rights—
formed a Government, and excluded slavery.
And what did you do ? The application of Cali-
fornia for admission into the Union was resisted
from the first; and on the Journal of the Senate
of the United States is, to-day, a protest of ten
southern Senators against the admission of Cali-
fornia into the Union after the act of admission
had passed. And what is the reason these Sena-
tors gave for their opposition ? Because her con-
stitution excluded slavery. I will read the lan-
guage of their protest.
Mr. HUMPHREY MARSHALL. Will the
gentleman from Pennsylvania allow me to make
a suggestion here?
Mr. GROW declined to yield the floor, and con-
tinued: The reason alleged in this protest is,
" that the bill gives the sanction of law, and thus
imparts validity to the unauthorized action of a
portion of the inhabitants of California, by which
an odious discrimination is made against the property
of the fifteenslavehold'mg States of the Union." That
was the protest of ten southern Senators, that the
admission of California, under her constitution,
was a violation of the right of fifteen slavcholding
States.
Mr. QUITMAN. «Let me tell the gentleman
from Pennsylvania that no southern man has
ever taken the ground of opposition to the admis-
sion of California on the groun$ of her having
adopted a constitution excluding slavery.
Mr. GROW. I refer the gentleman to the
language of the protest which I have just quoted.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. COLFAX. As there i&feio proposition
pending before the House, for the purpose of ob-
taining a legitimate right to the floor, I move to
rescind the ten-minute rule, and substitute a rale
limiting debate to five minutes in its stead.
Mr. QUITMAN. Will the gentleman allow
me just a word, by way of explanation?
Mr. COLFAX. If it docs not come out of my
time, with pleasure.
The CLERK. The Clerfc must consider inter-
ruptions as coming out of the gentleman's ten
minutes.
Mr. QUITMAN. I only desire that the state-
ment made by the gentleman from Pennsylva-
nia, [Mr. Grow,] that this want of organization—
which no man regrets more deeply than myself—
was originated in the passage of the Kansas and
Nebiaska bill, shall not go out to the country
uncontradicted. I merely wish that tho eloquent
remarks of tho honorable gentleman should not
go without an answer. No, sir; the cause of the
attitude in which the House now stands lies still
further back—it lies still deeper; it lies in the
„ ; agitation which exists in the country upon this
iJ subject.
s Mr. COLFAX. I cannot yield longer. Mr.
Clerk, I wish to add a supplement to the history
of this celebrated plurality rule of 1849, which
was discussed in this Hall yesterday. I was led
by that discussion to an examination this morning
of that eventful history, and I have before mo
some additional facts from that most interesting
and instructive (and sometimes most trouble-
some) of all the volumes to be found in the Con-
gressional Library—the Congressional Globe; and
which I shall strive hurriedly to present to gen-
tlemen on the other side, in the few minutes
allowed me under the rule. The House was told
yesterday that that celebrated plurality rule in
1849 was adopted in opposition to the wishes of
the great body of the Democratic party of the
House, and that that party was not responsible
for its passage. Now, sir, the record of the pro-
ceedings of the House during that eventful period
shows that no less than nine distinct propositions
were offered to elect by plurality, of which, singu-
lar as it may seem, eight were presented by gen-
tlemen upon the Democratic side of the House,
and only one by a member from the Whig side
of the House.
The first is upon page 5 of the Congressional
Globe of that session. It was offered by Hon.
Andrew Johnson, then a Democratic Represent-
ative from Tennessee, and now the Democratic
Governor of that State, and reads as follows: .
Resolved, That if, on the next vote of the I/ouce for
Speaker, no individual shall receive a majonty of all tho
votes ca^t, the individual receiving a flurality of the votes
shall be Speaker of the House of Representatives for tho
present session."
And he supported it in remarks, from which
the following are extracts:
"lie thought the demonstrations which had been made
m their repeated inefteetual efforts proved -moit conclu-
sively that they could not elcet a speaker by a majuuty, in
any reasonable length of time 5J * * He had no other
purpose than to enable th-j Houc~e to elect a Speaker, and
