1862
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
August 1,
ftiembers is relatively fixed, being such as vote
for the most numeTous branch of the State Legis-
lature, and these qualifications had not then been
fixed. These objections were true in fact, and
undenied; it was plain that the election had taken
placc without a government, and without law,
and without authority. Mr. Robinson, of Indi-
ana, stated that in all the new States, except Mis-
souri and Texas, representatives had been elected
and admitted without any previous law passed
by the Legislature, which assertion was not de-
nied . It is no answer to say that the admission
of the State by Congress operated retrospectively
to validate that election; for it did not necessa-
rily do any such thing; and even if the law of
admission had ratified them by an express decla-
ration, it would have been mil) and void, the
House being the constitutional and exclusive
judge of the validity of the elections. And 1 may
add°that, had the ratification been express and
valid, and binding on the House,ltdoes not affect
the question; as a ratification of the question of
these irregular elections equally serves my argu-
ment, whether made by the Senate and House,
or by the House alone. They were admitted by
a vote of 109 to 59, (two members of this House
voting ay,) and their credentials were referred to
the Committee of Elections, who never reported,
and they were allowed to retain their seats.
I will refer to but one more.case in the House,
which is a peculiar one. In 3808, the Territory
of Indiana being in full operation under the or-
'ganicact,the Governor dissolved the Legislature,
as he had a rig lit by law to do. On the 3d uf
February, 1809, the Territory of Illinois was cut
49 off, and five members of the Legislature of In-
diana were included m the new Territory; thus
working the official destruction of the Legisla-
ture. On thi! 27th February, 1809, an act of
Congress was passed, upon the mistaken assump-
tion that there was a Legislature m existence m
Indiana, which act provided for an apportion-
ment, by the supposed Legislature, to be followed
by an election for representatives under said ap-
portionment and directing that, when the people
shall so elect representatives, they shall also elect
a Delegate to Congress. For want of a Legisla-
ture to make this apportionment, and to fix the
time, places, and forms, the act of Congress failed,
and no such flection could be held as Congress
had contemplated. The Governor, rather than
the Territory should lose Us representative, as-
curned the authority to order an election on a
day and in a manner fixed by himself, and gave
the Delegate elect a certificate, li ow lemarkably
and strikingly cuiiou« 10 the resemblance between
that case tand the ou<> now before the House!
Then, as now, Congress had made all the forms,
time, and manner, to depend on the action of
the Territorial Legislature. Then, as now, that
legislative action had failed, and nothing was
left but the naked right of repieseiitation, devoid
of all machinery to develop it. Then, the Gov-
ernor, taking the precise view of the case, as the
people of Kansas now, deemed it better to assume
the authority (subject to the sanction of this
House) to supply the forma, than that the right
of representation should perish or be suspended.
The only points of difference are, that in the
present case the people fixed the day and forms
of election, instead of the Federal appointee, and
that we produce the full returns of the different
polls, with all the election papeis, instead of the
mere eeitificate of the result, m both of which it
is clear that our ease is the stronger.
The Committee of Elections n-putted;
"That t!if' oloefiiMi held on ti)^ of Mn\, 1^0!). fur
10 Connies- Ijouj Indiana iitor\ being without
authority or law, is void,ami coiwqnoutly the -seat oi Jon-
athan Jemjingt-, as Delegate lor taat Tcriitorv, js hereby
declined vacant. 5
In the House a motion was made to strike out
the words, " without authority of law;'' which was
lost; and upon the question, whether the Hous'e
concur 111 the resolution, the vote was—yeas 30,
nays b0. >Su that the House first distinctly de-
clared that the election was without authority of
law, and then sanctioned it by a vote of nearly
three to one. Ivh-. Jennings, of course, retaine'd
ins seat,
I will consume 110 more time by citing any more
eases of the action of the House, as I could do
Unnecessary, but will next examine the precedents
of the Senate,
From the mode in which Senators are elected,
we cannot expect to find the question arise in that
body, except in the case of new States; and I
might cite numbers of such cases, where the
Senators admitted were clected by Legislatures
who derived their whole authority from mere
popular elections unauthorised bylaw. I will,
however, refer briefly to two cases.
When the California Senators presented them-
selves it was objected that they had been elected,
not by the Legislature of a State, but by a so-
called Legislature of an irregular, unauthorized
government. They were admitted, notwithstand-
ing, by a vote of 36 to 12. Messrs. Cass, Clay,
Dickinson, Douglas, Foote of Mississippi, Sew-
ard, Badger, Bell, Dawson, Shields, Bright,
Dodge, Downs, King, Mangum, Underwood,
and others, voting in the affirmative.
On the 26th of January, 1837, the Senators from
Michigan presented themselves. The State had
been admitted on the same day of their presenta-
tion, and they had been elected on the 10th of
November, 5835. Not only did the Legislature
derive all their authority from an informal irregu-
lar movement of the people, but the Senate had
already, in disposing of a petition from the same
Legislature, presented in January, 1836, de-
clared 111 their resolution of reference, that they
regarded " it in no other light than as the volun-
tary act of individuals;" the language being the
same as that which I have already quoted from
the resolution of the House. Thus we find that
the Senate, m the cxercisc of their constitutional
duty of deciding on the election and qualifications
of members of their own body, instead of sending
the election back to what was at that tune the
Legislature of a State, actually sanctioned their
election, though made bya body whom they had
declared to have no more legal authority at the
time of the election than private individuals.
Tlus could have been on no other ground than
that they represented the popular will, and for
that all-potent leason, legal forms could be dis-
pensed with.
I will now cite the last case to which I intend
to recur. It is a strong and striking case, sanc-
tioning a purely popular movement, without any
pretense of legal authority; indeed, I may say,
in direct contravention of legal authority, and
subversive of a proceeding which had been sur-
rounded by all the forms of law. The sanction
is most positive and express, not by one House
atone, but by a law of Congiess, which still
stands upon the statute-book. The case has a
singular analogy, too, to the case now before the
House. On the 15th of June, J836, Congress
passed Jin act providing for the admission of
Michigan, with boundaries different from those
which the convention, in the adoption of their
constitution, had prescribed, and made the ad-
mission to depend upon the contingency, that
such altered boundaries " shall receive the assent
of a convention of delegates, elected by the peo-
ple for that sole purpose." At that time the
State government of Michigan had been m full
operation for some time, although unrecognized
by Congress. It had passed State laws, opened
its courts, and ousted the territorial government.
They proceeded at once to take cognizance of this
act of Congress, and passed a law providing for
the election of delegates to a convention, to de-
cide upon accepting the boundaries as proposed
by Congress. The delegates were elected under
thih law, and met in convention, in September,
1836, formally refused to accept them, and com-
municated their refuwal to the Piesident. Almost
immediately thereafter, the people themselves,
without any authoritj' of law, and acting through
their primary assemblies, called a second election
for delegates, making their own apportionment,
their own forms and election machinery; and the
delegates thus elected met in convention 011 the
14th December, 1836, and accepted the bounda-
ries, communicating, also, their action to the
President. The private history of this transac-
tion declares that the latter movement was a po-
litical one, managed by the Democratic standing
committee of the State, which I believe to be
true, although 1 do not choose to vouch for it.
The other facts are unexceptionably correct, and
derived from the record.
The votes polled at the first election were
nearly six thousand; at the second nearly nine
thousand. The number of delegates under the
act of the Legislature, in the first convention, was
forty-nine. The apportionment by the people
for the second election was seventy-two or up-
wards, as seventy-two met in convention. Tne
free white males over twenty-one years of age
exceeded twenty-two thousand, so that it would
appear that the popular convention was not sus-
tained by a majority of the voters, except upon
the principle, that those who did not vote were
considered as consenting. The counties of Mon-
roe and Macomb opened no polls for the Decem-
ber convention. These proceedings came before
the Senate, and gave rise to a spirited debate, in
which both sides of the question were advocated
with great ability and zeal, and no single objec-
tion has been raised in the case now before the
House which was not then pressed and over-
ruled. To prove this I will as briefly as possible
give a few extracts from the debates in the Senate.
Mr. Morris, of Ohio, contended " that the sec-
ond convention was held without any authority
of law whatever; that this doctrine does away
with all our constitutions and laws, and throws
us back 011 the original elements of society."
He designates the second convention as the mere
" physical or numerical power of the people of
Michigan exercised in their primary assemblies,
without the authority of any law of the State,
and not only without the sanction of any con-
stitutional provision, but in direct contravention
of Constitution and law, and by mere numerical
strength evidenced by a plurality of votes."
Speaking in reference to the grave and solemn
character of the act, he says:
" Tt is to remain obligatory on the State in all time to
come, and which the regulai constituted authorities of the
Stale have no power to control, and which the people
Uieiu-elvet,, according to the provision of their own consti-
tution, can never alter, abridge, or amend."
He says, further:
" Lot it be constantly borne in mind, that there have been
two conventions held in Michigan, lor the purpose of con-
hidtiiuiii or absenting to the act of Congress. The conven-
tion that first met was in pursuance oi a law of the State,
especially passed for that purpose. Tt was elected and
organized according to the provisions ot that law. This
convention dissented from the piopositioit ol Congress.
Subsequent to tin* decision it was that the people met m
their primary assemblies!, and the result was that Another
convention was held."
He fuither contended that, admitting the insuf-
ficiency of the aiguments 011 the point of irregu-
larity, the evidence to support the proceeding
t{ was entirely incomplete and unsatisfactory;"
and, alluding to the qualification of voters, and
notice "of election, the swearing of judges, the
„ collecting returns and counting the votes, and the
details of election generally, he said: " All these
facts are entirely unknown to the Senate"—that
" the Senate was about to establish the truth of
a fact about which they knew but little, except
from public rumor, paragraphs in newspapeis,or
the statements and assertions of individuals not
under oath."
And when met by the argument, that technical
evidence was never required in legislation, and
that any kind of information was sufficient which
satisfied the mind of a legislator, whether legal
evidence or not, he admitted the correctness of the
rule generally, but contended that this was an
exception, because of the grave character of the
proceeding; and that the Senate were acting upon
it in a judicial capacity. Another Senator says:
"What evidence had the Senate of the organization
of the convention? or of the organization of the popular
assemblies who appointed their delegates to that conven-
tion ? Who thev weie that met and voted we have no
infoimation. Who gave the notice ? And for what did the
people receive that notice? "What evidence that the con-
vention acted according to law? Weia  the delegates sworn ?
If so, they were extra-judicial oath*, and not binding on
thein. In /act, it wa3 not a proceeding under the fotme of
law; foi they were totally disregarded."
Mr. Calhoun designated the proceeding as
" dangerous and revolutionary;" and, speaking
of the second convention, contended that "This
informal assembly, tjiis caucus, as he might call
it," had no right to " supersede the solemn ex-
pression of the will of the people of Michigan,
given iu the formal and constitutional way."
And again; " that this assembly had no authority;
that it could not supersede the constitution of
Michigan, and could not undo what had been dope
by the regularly-constituted convention of the
people."
Other extracts might be given to show that all
the arguments made in the present case were
made then, but the above are sufficient. Gen-
