988
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE. -
April 22,
tl>em of their rights, because their names did not
appear on the records; but they have no control
over the records; they do not keep them; they do
not register the names; they do not make the re-
turns; they have nothing to do with them. In
this regard, they are put wholly at the mercy of
the officers who chance to command them. Where
their names have been accidentally omitted from
the record—where they have been misspelled—
where one man has performed service in the name
of another—in all such cases parol testimony
ought to be admitted.
The same reasons which apply in favor of ex-
cluding parol evidence in these cases would apply
in all cases. If you will not take the testimony
of men on applications for bounty land, why
should you take it in any case? In all contro-
versies between the Government and individuals,
involving millions on millions of dollars, you
take the testimony of individuals—parol testi-
mony. You take it between man and man—you
take it in every proceeding of life; and I see no
reason why it should be excluded in reference to
this particular class of cases.
I shall vote for the amendment proposed by
the Senator from Georgia. Though abuses may
result from it, I would rather suffer those abuses
than practicc injustice on any one.
Mr. BRODHEAD. Mr. President, the ex-
ecution of the act of 1855, now proposed to be
amended by the committee, will require about
thirty millions of acres. That is a very liberal
bounty land act. The amendment, as now ma-
tured by the Committee on Public Lands to carry
it out, will take about live millions of acres more.
That is quite liberal. I sympathize with the
Committee on Public Lands. I dislike to inter-
fere, and mar by ciude amendments the sym-
metry of a bill wluch has been carefully consid-
ered by an intelligent comrmttec of this body on
consultation with the executive officer who has
charge of this business—the Commissioner of
Pensions. I had th« original bounty land bill
of last year in charge, and I know how difficult
it is to provide for every case, and to answer
every application which is brought forward. I
sometimes receive half a dozen applications in a
day to have particular cases put m a general law,
but wc cannot do it.
Mr. Waldo, who retired some time since from
the office of Commissioner of Pensions, said that
it was necessary, in his judgment, in order that
the law should he propcriy executed, to adhere to
the principle of record evidence, and to require it
in most eases, though there mi^ht be particular
exceptions. That, also, is the deliberate judgment
of the present commissioner, as read to us yes-
terday.
It is well known that I am in favor of a liberal
bounty land law, and we have certainly obtained
a very liberal one; but the delay which id created
by the proposition now otfered will do no more
injustice than will be done by keeping out the
amendment proposed by the Senator from Geor-
gia.
Mr. BA.YARD. Mr. President, I intend to
vote against both amendments—that of the hon-
orable Senator from Georgia, and that moved as
a substitute for it by the honorable Senator from
Ohio—because I think that the admission of parol
testimony in reference to transactions occurring
at so distant a date as these, is nothing more than
an invitation to fraud.
_ I differ from the honorable Senator from Mis-
sissippi. I hope I entertain as good nn opinion
of humanity as he does; but that is not the ques-
tion. In all stages of the world, and in ail coun-
tries, there have been, and will be, good and bad
men. If you throw oiT every species of check
against fraud, perjury, and imposition, it will
necessarily follow that the bad will take advan-
tage of it, though they may be a very small num-
ber. I presume men are no more honest now
than formerly; I think, perhaps,that the vices of
fraud and forgery have rather increased than
diminished within the lost forty years; yet we
may refer to on analogous case under the acts
which were passed by Congress to compensate
the citizens of the country who had been injured
by the depredations of the enemy during the war
of in which certain rules were prescribed
with a view to guard against anything like im-
position, as Congress supposed. In 1816andl817
general Jaws were passed, as this is a general law.
They were carried into execution to the amount
of more than a million of dollars—a million and
a half, I think—and they were extended at one
time still further. During the progress of their
execution, the Departments who had charge of
the execution of those laws found reason to sup-
pose that extensive and wide-spread conspiracies
existed for the purpose of defrauding the Gov-
ernment. They sent out agents to inquire con-
cerning the matter, and they discovered such to
be the fact.
# When, after the lapse of many years-—in 1825
1 think—it was proposed to extend these laws so
that some individual cases might be provided for,
which were stated there, as have been stated
here by honorable Senators, amounting to ten or
a dozen, where parties had been injured and had
not received redress. Congress refused to extend
the laws. The evidence of widc-sprcad fraud
was so overwhelming, (arising from the want of
a check, and the discovery of which was merely
accidental,) that they were obliged, as a safe-
guard to the Government, to abandon the system
of testimony without any record to sustain it. I
use the word " record" not in the technical legal
sense, but merely intending to express a register
of the event made at the time, and which is capa-
ble of opciatmg as a check on false depositions,
j It appeared, in reference to those cases, that a
i man who had been a captain in the United States
, Army—1 do not remember his name; I wish to
| forget it—who was afterwards a judge of the
j court of common pleas in New York, had signed
J affidavits by the ream in blank, and certified
i them as judge of the court, and spread them
! among the conspirators, for the purpose of sup-
| porting any statements that they pleased to make
i to recover money from the Government.
| I do not say there in any very great number of
! bad persons in the United States; but 1 suppose
j there are as many now as there were then. If
j you admit the system of parol testimony, you
j have but to get half a dozen corrupt men, and
| there are no means by which the executive de-
partments can check the frauds on the Govern-
ment. If you doubt that there arc frauds, you
have only to go to the Pension Office and inquire
there, and you will ascertain that, under your
pension laws, frauds are constantly discovered,
and many, no doubt, must remain undiscovered.
Many are discovered, m which the Government
remains remediless, and is obliged, from regard
for the interests of the true party entitled, to
compensate him, although the wariants have
been transferred to third persons, and the land
! has passed away from the Government.
1 Wc have had an evidence of fraud imposed on
us even m this Chamber, under this system of
ex parte affidavits. Do not many Senators recol-
lect a case that was presented to us by a Senator
from South Caiohna, the piedecessor of the hon-
orable Senator opposite me, [Mr. Evan's,] or by
a Senator from Georgia—1 do not remember
which ? In that case the money had been re-
ceived from the Government, on proof made by
affidavit of services during the revolutionary war.
It was closed upon the accounts of the Govern-
ment, and after the lapse ot forty years it was
discovered to be an entire fraud from beginning
to end, and we had to pass a bill, as we were m
duty bound, to give a remedy to the real heirs—
the real paities in interest.
These are every-day transactions. It is true,
honorable Sonatois may come here and state to
you isolated cases in which they suppose the
parties would not receive the benefit you intend
to confer, by a geneial law, upon all those who
acted m the service of the country in a military
capacity; it is true, there may be a case under the
general law which would not be relieved; but
such cases are very few indeed. In passing on
a general law, gentlemen must look always to the
evil which the country may sutler, as well as the
evil which may result to the individual. Indi-
vidual cases of hardship are presented; but you
have not, on the other hand, cases of innumerable
frauds stated to you, which might be presented,
if any person would take the trouble to collect
them at the Pension Office or the Bounty Land
Office. In framing a general law, you must look
at the evil to the country, as well as the evil to
individual cases, and you must adopt a general
law on that principle; and if there be any special
cases—few m number as they will be—-which
require relief outside of the general law, of course
Congress is perfectly competent to inquire into
them and redress them by special action. If, on
the contrary, because there may be some indi-
vidual cases not embraced within the scope of
a general law, you open the door to the forger,
to the evil-designed, to get in upon the Treasury
by combinations and conspiracy, and defraud
y ou to an illimitable extent arid without the pos-
sibility of a check on the part of the executive
officers, you are passing, in my judgment, a very
unwise law.
T shall, therefore, for the reasons which I have
briefly stated, (not wishing to detain the Senate,)
vote against both of these amendments; for 1
think each of them is objectionable.
The PRESIDENT. The hour has arrived for
the special order, and it will be taken up unless
the Senate direct otherwise.
Mr. HOUSTON. I rise for the purpose of
stating that, owing to hoarseness to-day, of which
I hope to be relieved to-morrow, I prefer post-
poning my remarks on the special order until
to-morrow. Another reason is, that the Senator
from Delaware [Mr. Clayton] is not able to
attend to-day. Yesterday was very unfavorable
to health, and to a gentleman in his situation. I
entertain the hope that he will be here to-morrow.
At all events, whether I shall be relieved from
this hoarseness or not, 1 propose to tax the
courtesy of the Senate for permission to go on
to-morrow; and as there is a great anxiety in
relation to the bill now under discussion, I hope
tiie postponement until to-morrow of the subject
on which 1 propose to speak will not incommode
the business of the Senate.
Mr. HAMLIN. I will submit a motion to
postpone the special order fixed for one o'clock
to-day, until that hour to-morrow.
The motion was agreed to.
The PRESIDENT. The question now is on
the amendment of the Senator from Ohio to the
bounty land bill.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. It seems to me, Mr.
President, that the principles which should guide
us in the formation of a bill of this character are
very plain and very simple. In the first place,
you should describe or define the services which
you intend to reward; that is the first and mate-
rial point; and next you should prescribe the rule
of evidence by which those services shall be
proved to have been performed; and that would
seem to me to be an equally simple thing.
First, you should define the services which you
intend to reward, and then prescribe the rule of
evidence. How should you prescribe it? Not
by attempting to establish an artificial or techni-
cal rule of evidence. You are about to reward
services by whatsoever way they can be satisfac-
torily proved. That is the rule, and there can be
no other. The rule then, it seems to me, ought
clearly to be, that the party shall receive his
reward upon making "satisfactory proof'of the
service; and those ought to be the terms in
which the rule is announced. If there then be
important record evidence that ought to be pro-
duced, if it be not produced, some account ought
to be given why it is not presented. If it does
not exist, let the proof, to be satisfactory, be a
little more ample and conclusive. That is the
way in which an intelligent officer would admin-
ister such a rule of "satisfactory proof," leaving
all the principles of evidence in full play, and
submitting the whole question to the intelligence
of a just and impartial officer. If formal record
evidence cannot be produced, the party ought
not thereby to bo altogether precluded, because,
where that is the case—where a recoid has ex-
isted and is lost or gone, or where there has been
an omission, on satisfactory proof of that fact
the party is entitled to the benefit of it, whatever
it may be.
How, then, shall you announce a rule of evi-
dence? Not by prescribing what record, or how
much of a record, or what written evidence, or
what unwritten evidence, shall be required. You
get into infinite difficulties and entanglements the
moment you attempt to regulate the subject by
any such nice, sharp, artificial rule. The rule is
and ought to be announced in the bill—<{ satis-
factory evidence."
It seems to me that if the bill were formed m
this way, it would leave no room for question.
Surely it will not be contended that a man who
