1856,]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
253
34th Cong.... 1st Sess.
Naval Retiring Board—Mr. Butler.
Senate.
him could not resist the flashing of the guns;
and where danger and the perils of the contest
required his service you found Commodore Shu-
bnvk.
Sir, all the operations on the coast of California,
the actions at Alazatlan at San Jose, and all those
brilliant movements which have reflected very
justly high luster on the arms of those engaged
in them—Du Pont among the number—were con-
ducted under the judgment and guidance of the
skill of this very gentleman who has met with
the denunciation—I will scarcely say denuncia-
tion—but who has encountered the insinuation [
which has found its way into the speech of the
honorable Senator from Texas. Yes, sir, it has
insinuated itself into that speech, and I think I
could conjecture pretty well the source whence it
was injected into it.
Sir, I have made very free remarks on this
board and on the act of Congress under which it
was organized. I have ventured to say that the
Secretary of the Navy and the President did not,
in my opinion, discharge their official duties under
the act itself. On the responsibility of a Senator j
I have said so. I have commented freely on the
action of the board; but there must be some limit.
" Let us be sacrifices, but no butchers, Caius."
I am not the prosecutor of this board. I do
not come here to put its members under the pro-
scription of the ax, or to suffer any insinuation
to prevent judgment in relation to their conduct,
much less to make them the subject of senatorial
censure.
Now, sir, what are the facts in relation to
Commodore Shubrick ? He was detailed as the !
favorite commander then in the naval service,
with a certainty upon his mind that he was to be
the commander of the Pacific Squadron. He left
Boston in the Independence, with the confident
conviction that that was the station which had
been assigned to him by the Secretary of the
Navy, but with an intimation, merely, that if he
met with Commodore Biddle on the way, of
course it would be his duty to report to him.
Where did he meet Commodore Biddle ? It was
a very contingent thing, entirely accidental. As
he doubled Cape Horn and approached Valpa-
raiso, he received, almost accidentally, inform-
ation that Commodore James Biddle was then in
that port, entirely ignorant of his being placed in
command, or of having any duties devolved on
him. What did Commodore Shubrick do ? He
did what a gallant and honorable man would have
done. He told him, " I have in my hands orders
under which I expect to act as commander of j
this squadron, but my duty is to report to you, i
and to say to you that you can take command. J
You have the right to do it." What did Biddle j
say to him? "1 have had some distant inform-
ation that dispatches were atCallao; I however
will leave you to take your command in the
Pacific ocean upon the coast of California, trust-
ing perfectly to your discretion and the judgment
which has been reposed in you by the Govern-
ment."
The fact is that he went to Callao, and left
Commodore Shubrick to go, discipline, organize,
and take command of that squadron, and make
arrangements for its success. Biddle afterwards
went from Callao to Monterey, and then an-
nounced to him the fact that he had received, at
Callao, orders to take command of the squadron.
Shubrick says: " Sir, I am disappointed; I came
here under the supposition that I was to take
command, and I feel that there is a little reflection
on me; I was not distinctly informed of it." And
then he added: " I fear that, considering our rela-
tions, and the feelings we entertain, I may not be
able to do proper service." They were friends.
Biddle saiu: "You had better remain; the public
service may suffer, and perhaps yourself." " Cer-
tainly," said he; "I never compromise where
the honor of my country is concerned; my resent-
ment shall never interfere with the exercise of my
judgment; sir, I will serve under you." Biddle
said; " You can go home if you please." "No,"
said he; " I will discharge the duties of my post
as long as I can." Biddle remained in command
only a very short time. He soon left the com-
mand, ana Shubrick took it. It was during the
time that he was in command that those brilliant
achievements, which have been so eloquently
portrayed, were performed. I think the gentle-
man from Texas will perhaps adopt "Piggy
Lob's" notion. When Paul Clifford went to her
and told her, " I must leave you, my guardian,"
she said, " I have but one piece of advice, Paul,
to give you; you are going into a troublesome
world, and I give you this advice: it is of not so
much importance what you do, but mind what
you say, Paul." [Laughter.] That was her
advice. Qui fueret in litera. hairet in cortiee. He
has availed himself of what Commodore Shubrick
has said, when in the face of the facts stated he
did all the fighting on the Pacific, or had it done.
He conducted the operations. He was there until
the end of the war, and never came home until
its close. There was not a single gun fired after
Commodore Shubrick sailed to the Sandwich
Islands, and came home at his own instance by
the acquiesence of the whole country. I think it
unjust to throw my friend in the shade of the
contrast with the brilliant achievements of others,
but I do not detract from the achievements of
Stockton and Biddle. They came home during
the war. Shubrick stayed there, complaining
perhaps, to some extent, of the manner in which
he had been treated—as he thought disingen-
uously; but he stuck to his guns, and where the
fighting was, he was. His letters are now quoted
to show that he wished to come home, but lie did
not do it. Now which is best—to talk right or
to do right?
I have no doubt the Senator from Texas would
indict a man much sooner for words spoken than
for overt acts. [Laughter.] He would give him
his approval for overt acts. Shubrick has per-
formed nothing wrong. He left here in the Inde-
pendence, took command, was superseded by
Biddle, submitted to him; and when Biddle left he
resumed his command and conducted the opera-
tions of the war with success, and received the
approbation of his Government, as will be shown
by a letter of Secretary Mason in relation to his
conduct, which I desire to have read.
The Secretary read as follows:
"I can only repeat the assurance, which I have before
j'iven you, that i saw in it nothing derogatory to your pro-
fessional character. So far as I know, your conduct in that
sea has done you honor and added to your reputation, and
you should not suffer it to give you a moment's uneasiness.
By the bearer, who takes this to Mexico with the intelligence
that the treaty of peace is ratified with amendments, I send
;in official letter, addressed to Commodore Jones or to your-
self. I have given the permission, which you asked, to
serve as second to Jones; but it is not necessary to your own
character or the honor of the service that you should do so.
Vour official accounts, by Lieutenant Randolph, have been
received, and reflect the highest credit on you and all under
your command. Rely on it, that those gallant and glorious
affairs are a brilliant close to your command; and, after an
absence of two years, no one can object to your retiring.
" I would advise that you do not wait longer than to
learn definitely the disposition of the treaty, but do as you
please on that score.
"You have my highest esteem and cordial friendship,
personally and officially.
" Your friend, J. Y. MASON.
" Commodore VV. B. Shubrick, United States ship Inde-
pendence, Mazatlan, Mexico
Mr. BUTLER. March Ilth, 1848; the war was
over then. That was the judgment of the court.
Mr. HOUSTON. No, sir.
Mr. BUTLER. You have forgotten dates
altogether. It is a very dangerous thing for one
to go before the tribunal of history unless he is
acquainted with the facts.
Mr. HOUSTON. Did the Senator say the
letter was dated in 1847?
Mr. BUTLER. No, sir; 1848.
Mr. HOUSTON. I thought it was 1847.
Mr. BUTLER. So I perceive, and therefore
I forgive you.
Mr. HOUSTON. The one which I read was
in 1847.
Mr. BUTLER. Well, sir, I will take John
Y. Mason's judgment, as the organ of the Gov-
ernment at that time, as the opinion which I
think will be awarded to Commodore Shubrick
upon this occasion by the Senate.
Another allusion has been made, which I am
sorry was not dwelt upon more, so as to show the
whole truth, because it is a thing which has
touched his feelings deeply. It has been stated
upon more than one occasion, that with a view
to relieve his brother Irving Shubrick at Rio Ja-
neiro, he connived at his return to the United
States, and that by some suggestion of his to the
commander of the port, Captain Rousseau, Irving
Shubrick was allowed to come home. As the in-
timation has been made that the Saratoga came
home at the suggestion of Commodore Shubrick,
I will state the facts in the spirit of a witness, as
far as I have been able to learn them. Commo-
dore Shubrick sailed from Boston in the Independ-
ence. He was at Rio Janeiro when his brother
Irving Shubrick came into port in distress—his
vessel crippled. He had been out attempting to
go round Cape Horn. He had been out sixty-
four days, the wind blowing a hurricane during
the time. He was in dreadful health, in conse-
quence of a disease which killed him in a year
afterwards. When Commodore Shubrick heard
of his return, at first it produced some surprise,
and he suggested a survey of the ship. Com-
modore Rousseau said to him: " I prefer that
you should undertake this delicate office." Com-
modore Shubrick was very m >ch disinclined to
the office, considering the relation which he bore
to one of the officers; but he said," as the Colum-
bia and the Saratoga have been in your port, and
as I learn from you there has been no very good
understanding between the officers .perhaps I shall
discharge a duty to the public service by select-
ing officers whom I am inclined to think entirely
impartial, or who have inclinations rather against
the Saratoga." He detailed from his ship the offi-
cers whose names I will read, and I have no doubt
their names will be to the Senate a guarantee for
their character. The officers whom he detailed,
were Captain Lavalette, of the Independence, his
own ship; Captain Ritchie and Lieutenant Mar-
shall, of the Columbia; and Lieutenants Page and
CJJiattard, of the Independence, with carpenters,
sail-makers, and all other persons necessary to
make such a survey. The survey was made.
Captain Ritchie suggested that he could take the
ship round. It was reported that she might pos-
sibly be carried round Cape Horn; but Commo-
dore Shubrick said, " I must let that office devolve
on you, Commodore Rousseau; I must pursue
my voyage; I leave the ship in your charge; you
must take the responsibility under your original
instructions." Rousseau looked at the ship and
said that he did not believe she should go round
Cape Horn, because it would be a useless and
unnecessary expense; for after she got into the
Pacific she could perform no service, and he or-
dered her home. And now, after these facts, is
the reproach to be put upon Commodore Shu-
brick that he wished to save his brother? Not at
all; the idea did not enter into his mind. He
pronounced no judgment on the subject; he left it
to others. He merely ordered the survey to be
made. After the survey was made, Captain
Rousseau submitted the vessel to a further inspec-
tion, and said the ship should not go round Cape
Horn, and he ordered it home—I have no doubt
very judiciously. When the ship had been out
sixty-four days under a wind blowing a hurricane,
it would have been imprudent and injurious to
yield to the suggestion of Captain Ritchie. He
was a man of spirit and pride, willing, probably,
to encounter any hazard.
I know that reproach has been cast upon Com-
mander Irving Shubrick. Sir, he was raised in
the same school that I was; and I venture to say
that you may take the opinion of naval officers
acquainted with him, and there will be a remark-
able concurrence of opinion as to his merits. He
died very soon after this transaction, of a disease
which he then had.
It is very remarkable that wherever distin-
guished service has been required of the most
eminent officers of the Navy, Commodore Wil-
I liam B. Shubrick has been selected to perform the
i most delicate functions. He was selected to go to
the fishery grounds daring the dispute as to that
question, to conduct, in some measure, the nego-
tiations, as well as to command the fleet; and he
did so to the satisfaction of everybody. But even
after all these things, he has incurred the military
criticism of the Senator from Texas.
The fact is clear, that Commodore Shubrick
conducted the operations of the war on the Pa-
cific, in spite of all that has been said about his
letters. He performed the duties of a subordin-
ate while Biddle was there; he assumed the
command when Biddle left; and he conducted the
war to its termination, and then he came home,
