m
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
34th Cong....1st Sess.
Naval Retiring Board—Mr. Butler.
[March 18,
Senate.
with the approbation of his Government, and was
detailed, on the first occasion requiring it, for the
most delicate and difficult service which could be
required in the Navy of the United States.
I will say, now, that Commodore Shubrick
was opposed to this law; I have said it before.
I do not say that the board have administered
their duties, even within the sphere prescribed
to them by the law. I have given my views on
that subject and Commodore Shubrick and all
others have to take them right and left. I did
not approve the law, nor do I believe the pro-
ceedings have conformed to it; but there are more
persons to blame than Commodore Shubrick.
He stands now vindicated from every charge
•which has been made against him by the Senator
from Texas, except that he was disappointed in
findinar the order for Biddle to take command,
"'■when he went there with the confident belief that
he was to command the Pacific squadron. That
is the head and front of his offending. Is he the
only military or naval man who has intimated a
disposition to withdraw, when he thought injus-
tice was done to liim? Why, sir, Lord Welling-
ton, while engaged in the Peninsular war, when
older officers were sent to take charge, went out
to shoot partridges, and would not do anything
until they left. The gallant Henry Lee—" Harry
the horseman"—quit the service when some re-
flection was thrown on him, and some intimation
given to him that he was to be put in a subordin-
ate position; but is he to be deprived of his lau-
rels for that? Is this the first instance in which
a military man has consulted the suggestions of
his pride? Sir, in spite of these suggestions,
Shubrick did his duty, and he stands in need gf
no further eulogy than the opinion pronounced
by his own Government and the employments in
which he has been engaged.
Mr. President, William Branford Shubrick has
passed through trying, responsible, and perilous
scenes in honorable service, and has acquired a
reputation not likely to be touched by the assaults
of transient injustice. In the battle between the
Constitution and the Levant and Cyane,he acted
no ordinary part; he won laurels, and was placed
by his distinguished commander on board one of
the captured vessels. The gifted Cooper, his
comrade, has paid him a tribute of which any
man might justly be proud.
And now, to sustain and verify what I have
said, I submit the following statement of facts and
dates as to Commodore Shubrick's cruise to the
Pacific:
On the 13th of May, 1846, the President by
proclamation declared that a state of war existed
between the United States and Mexico. On the
14th of May, 1846, Commodore Shubrick ad-
dressed an official letter to the Secretary of the
Navy, in which he expressed his " wish to be em-
ployed in any way in which it may be deemed by the
Department that I can render Ike best service to my
country in this emergency.'' He had recently been
appointed to, and was then in command of, the
navy-yard in Washington.
A few days afterwards the Secretary sent him
word by the late Commodore Morris, that he was
desirous that he should go to the Pacific to take
command of the squadron; and he immediately
signified through the same channel his readiness
tor that service. j
On the 16tfe of JMay, 1846, the Secretary wrote '
to Commodore Biddle, thenin the East Indies,as
follows: '
"?°MM0I,.0kRE: A 8tate of war has been declared by Con-
gress to exist between the United States and the Republic
of Mexico. Vou will, therefore, with all possible dispatch
S<luadron. under y°ur command oflpCali-
loraia, and take command of the Pacific squadron. Coin-
h"n his successor will communicate to you the
, DepartIneru> which you will use your utmost
exertions to carry into effect."
On the 1st of June, 1846, the same Secretary
writes to Commodore Shubrick as follows:
"C°*M0?°R>=- You will hold yourself in readiness to
proceed in the United States ship Independence, to the
facinc for the command of the United States naval forces
ontnat station."
On the 9th of July, 1846, the same Secretary
writes to Commodore Shubrick as follows:
"Commodore: You are hereby appointed to the com-
mand of the United States naval forces in the Pacific ooean.
to relieve Commodore John D. Sloat."
On the 1st of August, haying been informed
that the ship intended for his pennant was in a
state of some forwardness, he resigned the com-
mand of the navy-yard, and on the 3d of August
left the city for Boston.
On the 10th of August, 1846, he hoisted his pen-
nant on the Independence, the ship in an unfin-
ished state, with carpenters at work on board,
j. and a new crew just transferred.
On the 29th of August, 1846, at five, p. m., ho
reported the ship outside t>f Boston Light.
On the evening of the 20th of October he arrived
at Rio de Janeiro, and sailed from that port on
the 29th, after having obtained the necessary sup-
plies for the ship.'
On the 2d of December, 1846, he arrived atVal-
■ paraiso, after the almost unprecedented short pas-
sage of thirty-three days around Cape Horn.
At Valparaiso he met Commodore Biddle, both
of them having arrived on the same day: Biddle
i from the East Indies.
Commodore Biddle informed him that private
letters from his friends in the United States in-
formed him that he was ordered to take command
of the Pacific squadron—that he found no dis-
patches for him at Valparaiso; but the consul in-
formed him that there were dispatches for him at
Callao, and that he should go to that port for them
as soon as he had refreshed his crew after their
long passage from China. Commodore Biddle
was unwilling to go to California, and told Com-
modore Shubrick that if his orders left any dis-
cretion with him, he should go home, but if they
should be positive, he should come down and
assume the command.
Commodore Shubrick sailed from Valparaiso
on the _14th of December, and anchored at Mon-
terey, in California, on the 22d, having made the
j passage from Boston, including all stoppages, in
! one hundred and forty-six days—a very unusual
expedition. He immediately took command, and
proceeded to organize the forces which he sup-
1 posed were to be under his command.
On the 2d of January, 1847, Commodore Bid-
dle arrived at Monterey, in the Columbus, and
sent to Shubrick a copy of his orders quoted
above, dated 16th May, 1846, in which he was
directed to take command of the squadron, and
informed him at the same time that he should
remain during the war.
Smarting under this disappointment, and what
he considered the uncandid conduct of the Secre-
tary, he asked Commodore Biddle to allow him
to return to the United States in the frigate Sa-
vannah, then about to leave the squadron; but on
Biddle expressing his opinion that his doing so
"would be injurious to the public service,"
though he left it to his option to stay or return,
he immediately determined to remain, as will
appear by their correspondence. He sacrificed
his private feelings for what he considered the
good of the " public service."
He had written an unofficial letter to the Sec-
retary in relation to the arrangements of the
squadron, in which he spoke of permission to re-
turn in the Congress frigate, after a cruise of two
years. This letter cannot be found, and there is
no copy of it; but alluding to that, the Secretary,
in his letter of the 7th of May, 1847, says: "Your
, request is not unreasonable; it is granted."
' I will remark, that Commodore Stockton had
a similar permission "to remain in the squadron
wearing a red pennant," yet he returned in the
midst of the war, overland. No one dreams of
censuring that gallant officer for doing so.
Commodore Biddle had permission to use "his
discretion," yet he returned in the midst of the
war. _ Does any one dream of censuring that dis-
tinguished officer for so doing? Commodore
Shubrick continued to act under the orders of
Commodore Biddle, wearing a red pennant.
On the 17th of April he was sent to blockade
Mazatlan, where he continued until the beginning
of June, when he was recalled to California by
Commodore Biddle, who informed him of his in-
tention to return to the United States.
'il6- June he informed the Depart-
mentof his plan of operations fortakingpossession
ot the ports on the west coast of Mexico, which
was approved, though he did not receive the
approval until the plan had been executed as far
!LtherCeu UMer his command would justify,
and with which the Department was well pleased.
On the 19th of July, 1847, Commodore Biddle
transferred the command of the Pacific squadron
again to Commodore Shubrick, and sailed in a
few days thereafter for the United States.
| On resuming the command of the squadron he
(Commodore Shubrick) immediately prepared for
operations on the west coast of Mexico, where
nothing, as yet, had been done, except a feeble
attempt at blockade.
Having obtained a supply of small arms from
Governor Mason, with a view to operations on
shore, and having drilled the seamen of the squad-
ron thoroughly in their use, Commodore Shubrick,
on the 16th of August, directed Captain Lavallctte
to proceed to the Gulf of California with the
Congress, under his command, and the sloop of
war Portsmouth, Commander Montgomery, to
commence operations Lt Guymas, and to meet
him off Cape St. Lucas for the more important
operations at Mazatlan.
Having made the necessary arrangements with
Governor Mason for the security of Upper Cali-
fornia, and left a sloop of war there for his use,
as will appear by their correspondence, he sailed
from Monterey on the 16th of October, 1847, with
the Cyane, Commander Du Pont, in company,
the Southampton, Lieutenant-commanding Tho-
burn, having been sent up to San Fmncisco for
some munitions of war required for operations on
the coast of Mexico.
On the 27th October he reached Cape San Lu-
cas, and early in the morning of the 29th was
joined by the Congress. Captain Lavallette had
taken possession of Guymas in a very handsome
manner, and left a sloop of war to hold it. Direc-
tions were given to collect duties under the tariff
of 3d April, 1847.
_ The town of San JosS had been taken posses-
sion of by order of Commodore Stockton, and
the American flag hoisted; but as he could leave no
force for its protection the Mexican flag had been
again hoisted. He was detained here a few days,
making arrangements for holding San Jose, the
commercial mart of Lower California and a place
of resort for our whale ships. While here he
sent an expedition to the town of Todos Santos,
under Lieutenant M. Lewis, to quiet a hostile
feeling to our flag at that place, and to encourage
our friends.
Having provided for the security of San Jose,
by leaving there a detachment of seamen and ma-
rines, under the command of the gallant Hey-
ward, which led to the brilliant results so well
known to the public, and having ordered the col-
lection of duties under the tariff of 3d April, 1847,
he proceeded with the Congress and Cyane in
company to Mazatlan.
The details of the capture of Mazatlan are well
known to the country; the official report of it will
be found in the documents which accompany the
President's message to Congress of December,
1848; they will be found not discreditable to the
arms and honor of the country. This city, the
great commercial mart of the west coast of Mex-
ico, was taken in the face of a vastly superior
force, advantageously posted, and was held under
like circumstances to the close of the war; a cus-
tom-house was established, a collector appointed,
and duties to the amount of more than a quarter
of a million of dollars collected, by which the ex-
penses of the squadron were paid, ($75,000 sent to
Governor Mason,) and a considerable sum turned
over to his successor.
The towns of San Bias and Manzanillo were
also taken and held by the force under his com-
mand; the former is the seaport of the large and
important city of Tepic.
; Not a Mexican gun was left mounted on the
coast from San Jose to Acapulco. It was his in-
tention to have taken the last-named place also,
but an insurrection against our authority break-
ing out in Lower California, he was obliged to
detach a part of his force to the aid of Lieutenant
Heyward, and to the support of Lieutenant Col-
onel Burton at La Paz, and he could not go to
Acapulco without danger of losing what he had
already acquired. These places were all held
until after the preliminaries of peace had been
signed.
Commodore Jones arrived at Mazatlan on the
8th May, 1848, and assumed the command of the
squadron; and, though Commodore Shubrick
