990
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 22,
to the fact that bounty land agents are organized—
as completely organized as ever your companies
or regiments were in any of the wars of the United
States. It is a regular system; and that organ-
ization has made itself felt on the Treasury
already in reference to the war with Mexico. If
you let this organization have the scope proposed
by these amendments, allowing parol evidence,
no man can tell the amount of perjury that will
be committed. That is what I object to, and that
is all I object to.
Now,.sir, let us see whether the Committee on
Public Lands have done what they ought to have
done under the act of 1855, or not. As I said be-
fore, record evidence in almost all cases can be
found. What have we done? We have declared
that where the Government, through its officers,
has already decided and adjudged a case, and
issued a warrant for forty acres, or for any amount
less than one hundred and sixty, that evidence, if
not conceived to be fraudulent, is a record within
the meaning of the act—a fair record, because it
is a judgment pronounced by the constituted
authoritiesof the United States. Andso, where a
man has received a pension, the testimony being
unexceptionable, we say that is sufficient, prima
facie, to allow the issuingof the additional amount
of land.
We have also provided, in this substitute, for
the special services named in the act of 1855—the
services at Plattsburg,* at King's Mountain, at
Nickojack, and at Lewistown. Thcie the Senate
deemed it proper to say that these individuals
should receive the land, though there luid been no
record and no fourteen days'service. We pro-
vided for carrying out in good faith that feature
of the law. The whole scope and intent of the
act of 1855 is covcred by the amendments offered
by the Committee on Public Lands.
Now, Mr. President, 1 know something of the
sympathy which exists, and ought to exist, be-
tween members of the Senate and their constit-
uents. Strong cases arc presented. A strong
one was presented by the Senator from Alabama-,
other gentlemen can present strong cases; but it
is (o be recollected that, when you propose, by an
amendment allowing paiol evidence, to cover a
strong and an honest case, you open the door to
thousands that have no merit and no existence
in fact. Is it not, then, better to adhere to the
original intent and meaning of the act of 1855,
and require record evidence, and provide, by spe-
cial bills, for these other cases? I think so.
Now, sir, with the consent of the Senator from
Vermont, [Mr. Collameu,] I desire to have an
understanding in respect to what occurred here
the other day, because some injustice may have
been done to the Commissioner of Pensions. An
amendment was offered to fix more definitely the
time at which, under the provisions of the act
of 1855, a person should be deemed a minor. I
have since obtained from the bureau their circu-
lars. I have shown them to the honorable Sena-
tor from Vermont, and I believe he is satisfied
that they give the construction to the act for
which he and f contended.
Mr. COLLAMEll. 1 have seen the communi-
cations from the Pension bureau and the Secretary
of the Interior, and 1 feel satisfied that the con-
struction which I understood them to give under
this act was not given, and that it was sufficiently
definite without the additional amendment which
1 proposed.
Mr. STUART. The act itself declared, as
will be remembered, that those were to be deemed
minors who were so at the time of its passage.
In the instructions which have been issued by
the bureau, they name the date of the passage of
the act, and they say that all who were minors
at that date, are considered so for the purposes
of receiving bounty land under the act.
J have only toexpresss my desire that the Sen-
ate will dispose of this question to-day, so that
we shall have an end of the bill, and that I shall
be allowed to press forward other important
measures, of which I have given notice to the
Senate.
Mr. HALE. Having already expressed in
brief my views to the Senate on this subject, I
should not again trouble the body but for an
occurrence which took place when the bill was
under consideration the other day. When this
bill was last before the Senate 1 endeavored to
get the floor for the purpose, as I am reported,
of replying to astatement which the Senator from
Michigan had attributed to me, butwhick 1 had
not made. I said then that I wished to correct
that statement. The Chair decided that I could
not be heard at that time, inasmuch as the hour
for the special order had arrived, and I then gave
notice that I should reply to the Senator from
Michigan as soon as I could get the chance.
The statement which the Senator attributed to
me I will read from the Globe of this morning.
The Senator from Michigan then said:
• " I know how easy it is for a Senator to rise here and
say, that thpse thing* are. so and so ; and I must beg leave
to remark to the Senator from New Hampslme, that when
he presented tins question here I did not thmk that Jie
presented it in the very be&t terms.*'
That may be true. I do not deny it, but it is
my misfortune. If I do not express my views
so eloquently and distinctly as the Senator from
Michigan expresses his, it is my misfortune and
not my fault. The Senator went on in stating
what 1 had said:
" Fie said that, if we examined the Pension Office as
thoroughly a* lie had done, we should have known the fact
to be as lie stated it."
To which I replied in my seat:
<k No, sir; f never said such a thing. I never said that X
went to the Pension Oiiice atall."
I then called the attention of the Senator from
Michigan to it twice in open Senate, but as he
declined to make the correction I deem it due to
myself now to make it.
Mr. STUART. Mr. President  
Mr. HALE. I cannot stop now; I am on the
floor.
Mr. STUART. I only wish to say that I
have not declined to make the correction at all.
I do not desire to be put in that position.
Mr. HALE. Well, then, I will use the word
"neglected." I made the application twice on
the floor, and once in my seat, and the Senator
neglected to correct it. I will now read what 1
did say, to which the Senator from Michigan re-
ferred, and 1 read it from the Globe of April J 7:
" I can tell the Senator from Michigan that, if he will study
the ln toty of the frauds peipoti.itod on this"Govunnmeut,
and on its. Pension Othee, he will tind that tlieie have been
more frauds committed by fal&e leeordsj than in any othei
way."
That is the whole of it. I did not make any
allusion to my having been at the Pension Office.
I have nover been at the Pension Office since this
bill was introduced, nor for years before. I have
never passed a word with the Pension Office, nor
with anybody connected with it. I have not been
there, and I did not intend to make a statement
as to any examination of mine there. And last,
and least of all, did I ever think of comparing my
knowledge withanybody else's. That is not my
way of speaking. The statement which 1 made
had reference to facts which came to my knowl-
edge entirely independent of the Pension Office—
which came to my knowledge from a little ac-
quaintance with the judicial history of the Gov-
ernment in its criminal proceedings against those
who had perpetrated frauds on it. I need not
have gone any further than this city; I need not
have done any more than refer to the Gardiner
claim, where five hundred thousand dollars were
sworn out of the Treasury by records produced,
face to face, before a commission, to sustain mjr
statement.
All I have to say is, that I made no such com-
parison as the Senator from Michigan attributed
to mo. I did not even state that 1 had been at
the Pension Office, and in fact I had not been
there. I did not compare my knowledge with
anybody else's; i simply made the remark which
I have read:
"I can tell the Senator from Michigan that, if he will
study the Instoiy of the hands pet petroled on this Govern-
ment, and on its, Pension Olfice, he will find that there have
been more frauds committed by false records than in any
other way."
The Senator yesterday had a letter of the Com-
missioner of Pensions read. I do not understand
the commissioner to have any knowledge on this
point, or to affirm anything at all on it. Eveiy-
thing which he says is speculation. The opinion
which 1 expressed was an opinion founded on
what knowledge I had, and 1 still adhere to it.
I have no doubt—not the slightest—that anybody
who will examine the history of the frauds per-
petrated on the Government will find that it is
exactly as I stated.
Mr. STUART. Mr. President, I confess that
this is the first occasion that I have understood
that the Senator from New Hampshire desired
me to make any statement whatever to the Sen-
ate on this point. He certainly never has asked
me, in terms, to make any statement, nor to make
any explanation about it. It is true, that he has
come to me two or three times, and I have pro-
cured the paper, as I told him f would, to show
him what he did say, but he has not asked me
to explain to the Senate, and I do not know of
anything; that has occurred in conversation be-
tween him and me which could have led him to
suppose that I would do so. I supposed that he
would make the statement, as he told the Senate
that he would. When this question was post-
poned yesterday he said that he would avail
himself of the first opportunity to show the Sen-
ate that he had said no such thing as I attributed
to him.
Now, sir, before I proceed further, let me re-
mark that what I said the other day, and what I
shall say now, as I have assured the honorable
Senator in private conversation, is without the
least feeling against him. I entertain no feeling
towards him personally but that of the most
friendly character. I desire to call the attention
of the Senate to what the honorable Senator diet
say, to see whether or not I misinterpreted him.
It will be recollected by the Senate that I did not
assume to give his language, and I could not
have done so unless I had the report in my hand.
I assumed to give the substance of what he said.
When I said that the Senator did not state it in
the very best terms, I did not allude to the style
of his statement, and he could not understand me
as referring to the style. I have no exceptions
to the Senator's style. I spoke of the remark on
which I commented,so far as'it assumed that the
Committee on Public Lands had not discharged
its duty, because it had, through its chairman,
myself, undertaken to say that the great number
of frauds committed at the Pension Office grew
out of parol and not record evidence. What did
the Senator say in reply to this ? I will read his
remark:
"I can tell the Senator from Michigan that, if he will
study the history of the frauds perpetrated on this Govern-
ment, and on its Pension Ofttee, he will find that the! e have
been moie frauds committed by taise records than m any
other way. It is a mistake to suppose that you phut the
dooi a^ain^t bauds when you exclude parol testimony, for
nioio frauds have been perpetrated by the manufacture of
loiged leeotds than by perjutcd witnesses."
Now, the Senator from New Hampshire rises
and says that he never studied the records of the
Pension Office at all. How, then, could he tell me
that, if I had studied them, I should have found
out these things5 Sir, if I rise here or else-
where, and say to a gentleman, " if you will study
the history of Russia, you will find certain things
to be true," does not that statementassume thatl
have studied the history of Russia? The remark
was in a tone without any qualification: "I can
tell the Senator from Michigan that, if he will
study the history of the frauds." 1 said, then,
this statement assumed that the committee
_ having charge of the subject had not studied the
| histoiyof the frauds on the Pension Office to
the extent that the honorable Senator from New
Hampshire had, incidentally. If I have done
the honorable Senator injustice, it will give me
more pleasure to correct it than it will the hon-
orable Senator to hear the correction; but! con-
fess that I can do no more, under these circum-
stances, than say that 1 did notintend to misrep-
resent him. I thought I represented him fairly,
and I am not yet satisfied that I represented lum
unfairly.
Mr. IVERSON. In relation to the proposi-
tion which the Senator from Kentucky has sug-
gested to recommit this bill to the Committee on
Public Lands, to mold it so as to suit the expressed
will of the Senate, I beg leave to remark to the
honorable Senator that the Senate, according to
my understanding, has really expressed no senti-
ment on the subject. The great question before
the Senate is, whether parol evidence shall be
admitted to prove the services of the soldier, or
not? I introduced a few days since a proposition
throwing open the door to parol evidence. It
was adopted by a vote of 20 to 17; but the Sen-
ate subsequently reconsidered that vote, and the
question is now before the Senate. How, then,
is the Committee on Public Lands to understand
