1856.
mm..
m
Mr. BOCOCE.. Call you that lmng up to your
plighted faith, if, when a State came and applied
for admission under that compact, two to one of
the northern Representatives voted against it ; and
yet you say that your father religiously lived up
to the compact! [Here the hammer fell.]
[Note.—In the exerfcise of the privilege usually
taken by members of Congress, in preparing their
remarks for publication, 1 desire, in the form of
a note, to state some interesting facts touching
the positions taken above.
1. As to the passage of the Missouri canpromise.
The Missouri Territory, being formed*out Of a
part of the Louisiana purchase, had in it the
institution of slavery, When it asked to be per-
mitted to form a constitution, and come into the
Union as a State, an effort was made, and sus-
tained by a majority of the House of Represent-
atives, to impose upon it a restriction against
slavery. This was strenuously resisted by the
united South, and was defeated by a majority of
the Senate The contest between the two Houses
was protracted and exciting, at one time involving
the fate of the bill to allow the State of Maine to
come into the Union. The country became
alarmed for the safety of the Union. At last a
committee of conference of the two Houses was
appointed, and they recommended, as a compro-
mise, a plan which had been introduced into the
Senate by Mr. Thomas, of Illinois, viz: to allow
Missouri to come into the Union without restric-
tion, and to declare that in the remaining part of
the Louisiana purchase, north of the line of 36°
30', the anti-slavery restriction should be enforced.
The question was taken in the House of Repre-
sentatives first upon removing the restriction
from Missouri. Upon this question the whole
of the Virginia delegation, and I believe that of
the entire South, voted in the affirmative. Then
the question was taken upon imposing the restric-
tion upon the remainder of the territory north of
36° 30'. If this was not carried, the whole report
of the committee of conference must fail, and
Missouri must still be shut out, or agree to come
in under the restriction.
Under these circumstances, a large number of
southern men, including four Representatives
from Virginia, though utterly opposed to amr
restriction, yet sharing in the general anxiety
aboutthe safety of the Union, voted for the propo-
sition. A great majority of the Virginia delega-
tion, however, voted against it. Out of forty-two
vptcs in the negative, eighteen were from Vir-
ginia, and a large number of the remainder were
from the other southern States. Mr. Randolph
not only voted against it, but sought, after its
passage, to defeat it by a motion to reconsider.
Being foiled in this attempt by a parliamentary
maneuver, ho introduced a resolution to censure
the action of the Clerk of the House.
From this statement, it appears that the Senate
was then, as now, the conservative body on this
subject; that the State of Illinois was then, as
now, disposed to hold out the olive branch of
peace between the two sections of the Union;
that the whole South was then, as noV, opposed
to the anti-slavery restriction; that a largo ma-
jority of the northern members, by pressing the
restriction upon Missouri, were then, _as now,
aggressing upon the rights of the South, and
imperiling the peace and safety of the Union; and
that the South were forced into the so-called com-
promise to save a portion of tlieir rights, instead
of being themselves the party which forced the
compromise on the North. It is seen that, of
those who voted against the compromise, a large
majority wore from the South.
2. On the admission of Missouri. Authority having
been given to Missouri, under this compromise,
to form a State constitution, she proceeded to do
so, and presented herself at the next session
of Congress for admission into the Union as a
State. "The resolution to admit her was put to
the vote m the House of Representatives on the
13th of December, 1820, and was rejected—yeas
79, nays 93.
The debate which preceded this vote was a
limited one, and it is impossible to state with cer-
tainty upon what grounds many of the votes
against the resolution .were cast. The reason
mainly assigned in debate was, that a clause had
been inserted in the constitution of Missouri pro-
hibiting the immigration of free persons of color
into that State. _ But when we take into consid-
eration the fact, that a great excitement had been
raised in the northern States against those who
voted for the compromise, and that almost the
entire vote against the admission of tlie State was
from that section of the Union, the presumption
is very strong that the toleration of slavery in
her constitution was the real ground of objec-
tion with many. The .National Intelligencer, pub-
lished on the 14th December, (the morning after
the resolution was rejected,) had an editorial,
from which the following is an extract:
" The question which has been decided negatively by
the House of Kepiesenuuivos is not m any respect the
same as that which was agitated at the last session of Con-
gress. It is a question admitting o!' a difference of opinion,
winch we hav<* high authonty tor saying is not in all cases
neeessaiily a difference of principle. We do not mean to
say, that the feelings which displayed themselves at the
last session did not at all opeiate on this moie recent de-
cision. We believe that they did opeiate, sensibly and in-
sensibly, on the minds of the members of both Houses;
but their influence lias been felt withoat being avowed."
But if this point were in doubt, in view of
what has already been submitted, another vote
of the same session would, I think, set it forever
at rest.
The question of the admission of Missouri
having been again taken up, a joint committee of
the two Houses was appointed on the subject. On
the 26th of February, 1821, Mr. Clay, from that
committee, introduced a joint resolution for the
admission of the State upon a condition, such
as could but have removed the objection which
had been avowed. This was Mr. Clay's great
compromise. It was put to the vote in the House
of Representatives on the 26th of February, and
was passed by only six majority. The vote
was—yeas 87, nays 81; the latter being, with one
single exception, all northern men, and including
two to one of the votes given from that section
of the Union.
So I say the Missouri compromise was disre-
garded by a large majority of northern members
at the very next session after its adoption.
3. On the admisiion of Arkansas into the Union
as a State. The following facts from tlie record,
show how far northern members religiously lived
up to the compromise on this occasion.
On the 1st of March, 1836, Mr. Sevier, the
Delegate from the Territory, submitted the con-
stitution under which she proposed to come into
the Union as a State.
On the 18th of April, 1836, Mr. Slade presented a
remonstrance from Bristol, Pennsylvania, against
her " admission into the Union with a constitu-
tion which tolerates slavery." This led to an
animated debate.
On the 8th of June, Mr. John Q.. Adams gave
notice " that when the Arkansas bill came into
the House, if no one else moved the subject of
the restriction of slavery, he should."
On the 9 th of June, Mr. Adams made his motion
in Committee of the Whole, where it was debated
at some length, and voted down. Afterwards,
during the same day's session, Mr. Slade moved
a somewhat similar one, and it was rejected.
On the 13th of June, the bill for the admission
of Arkansas having been reported to the House
from the Committee of the Whole, Mr. Adams
attempted to renew his motion for the restriction,
and was cut off by a question of order. The bill
without the restriction was then ordered to be
engrossed—yeas 147, nays 52; all of the latter
northern men. On the same day the said bill was
passed—yeas 143, nays 50; all of the latter north-
ern men.
In the debate on Mr. Adams's motion for a re-
striction upon slavery, in the Committee of the
Whole, a Mr. Ilard, of New York, made a speech
in favor of the restriction, from which this is an
extract:
<•' I am aware that it will be, as it has already been, con-
tended that, by the Mrsoui i compromise, as it has been
preposteiously termed, Congress has parted with its right
to prohibit the mtioduction of slavery within any part of
the territory of tlie Louisiana purchase south of 36° 30'
north latitude. There are, to my nnnd, two substantial
and unanswerable objections to the soundness of that
proposition.
" In the first place, there was no compromise or com-
pact whereby Congress surrendered any power, or yielded
any jurisdiction; and, in the second place, if it had done
so, it was a mere legislative act, that could not bind then
successors; it would be subject to lepeal at the will of any
succeeding Congress."
The occasion on which the northern members,
by a vote of two-to one, disregarded the compro-
mise, was the admission of Missouri into the
Union, not Arkansas; and it was most proba-
bly to the former .time-, and not to the latter, that
Mr. .Cadwalader referred in his interruption
above. But it appears that fiftynortherp .Repre-
sentatives disregarded it on the latter occasion.
Of the votes from the State of Pennsylvania,
fiven on' the admission of Arkansas into tlie
Tnion, a majority were cast against it. .Yet,it
is said gravely, by a Pennsylvania member, that
his fathers had religiously observed the compKOr
misc.
The grief of those gentlemen over the repeal
of the Missouri compromise, who had previously
never spoken of it, but to denounce it, is, easily
understood. Such hypocrisy is too transparent.
I have not thought proper, as my remarks did
not extend to tliem, to give the numerous in?
stances in which northern gentlemen have refused
to reaffirm and extend the Missouri compromise.
As is the fate of men, they discovered its excel-
lence just as it was destroyed. Therefore, is
their grief the greater.]
Mr. HUMPHREY MARSHALL. I rise for
the mere purpose of adverting to the remarks of
the gentleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Grow,]
made in connection with the name of the dis-
tinguished statesman from Kentucky, now no
more. They must not go before the country
without a refutation. I am so indisposed, sir,
that I can but venture upon a statement—not a
spccch—and I bog the indulgence of the House
and its silence, that my voice may be heard.
The gentleman has cited Mr. Clay as an author-
ity for the exertion of the power of restricting
slavery in the Territories, or upon the admission
of a State. The records of Congress show the
fact, that on the 18th of December, 1818, tlie
Speaker of this House (Mr. Henry Clay) pre-
sented the memorial of the Legislative Council
and House of Representatives of Missouri Terri-
tory, in the name, and on behalf of the people of
that Territory, praying to be permitted to form
a constitution and State government, arid to be
admitted into the Union on an equal footing with
the original States. This petition was referred.
On the 13th of February, 1819, the Committee
of the Whole was engaged on the Missouri bill
and then Mr. Tallmadge, of New York, moved
this amendment:
« Jlndjirovidsd, That the farther introduction of slavery o-
involuiltury seivuude be prohibited, exeeptfor the punish-
ment of ciimes, wheicof the puty shall have been fully
convicted ; and that all children born in said rftate, after til*,
admission theieof into the Union, shall be tree at the age
of twenty-five years."
This proposition was opposed in debate by Mr.
Clay. He again spoke against the proposition
on Monday, February 15, 1819. We have no
record of Mr. Clay's speeches, but their charac-
ter may be deduced from the replies to his argu-
ments as made by other gentlemen. Mr. Taylor,
of New York, especially, answered the arguments
of Mr. Clay; and we see, beyond cavil, ?rom his
remarks, that Mr. Clay opposed the amendment,
not only on the ground of the want of power,
but on that of expediency. He was then, sir,
the foremost among those who held this attempt
by Congress to exercise the power of " prevent-
ing the extension of slavery" as an act of polit-
ical injustice to one section of the Confederacy.
Mr. Fuller, of Massachusetts, in that debate,
alluding to Mr. Clay, says:
"Tlie honorable Speaker [Mr. Clay] has said that Con-
gress has no-light to prescribe any condition whatever to
the newly organized States, but mu-t admit them by a sim-
ple ar-t, leaving their sovereignty unrestiictcd."
Mr. Clay explained, that he did not intend to
be understood m so broad a sense as Mr. Fuller
stated. Mr. Fuller considered Mr. Clay's posi-
tion still untenable.
Again:
" The honorable Speaker cites the first clause, second
section, fourth atticle of the Constitution, which he thinks
would be violated by the condition proposed in the consti-
tution of Missouu."
I need not multiply references. Mr. Tall-
madge's amendment was carried over the oppo-
sition of Mr. Clay, by ayes 79, noes 67. The
bill was reported to the House and considered on
the 16th of February, 1819. The first member
of the amendment was carried—yeas 87, nays 76,
and the second member v. as also carried—yeas
82, nays 78; and the bill, as amended, passed the
House on the 17th. The bill went to the Senate;
and there, on the 27th of February, this restrict-
