256
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[March 18,
34th Cong....1st Sess.
Naval Retiring Board—Mr. Bayard.
Sen-
ate.
men the necessity of obeying orders is a matter
to which they attach the highest importance. I
have heard Commodore Stewart repeatedly speak
of it as a matter of pride, that he had never dis-
obeyed an order in fifty years of naval service.
The President of the United States, in the exer-
' cise of his discretion, appointed these officers to
the performance of duty under a law which I
shall characterize hereafter, which I think was
odious and unjust, and which I think has been
the cause of all the difficulties connected with this
matter. The officer thus appointed performs his
functions to the best of his ability, and in the
course of their performance he commits errors
in judgment. Is that a ground for assailing his
character here ? If you could show, in reference
to particular transactions, that he had an im-
proper motive, there might be some excuse for the
attack; but is that to justify going over his whole
life in order to create a feeling of odium and con-
tempt in the public mind as to the individual of-
ficer—to charge, accuse, prosecute, and condemn
him, as has been done in this case by the honor-
able Senator from Texas, without any hearing
whatever. He complains of the law and of its
injustice, but he practices the very same injustice,
only to a far worse extent, in the case of Captain
Du Pont. The members of the board have per-
formed the duty assigned to them; and simply by
the performance of that duty, recommended that
certain officers should be retired from the Navy,
some on furlough, and some on leave-pay, and
that others should be dropped. They assigned
no reasons; they left the judgment to stand
alone. The honorable Senator goes over a man's
whole life, not to show that he ought to be re-
tired from the Navy, but to condemn him, not
merely by the presentation of facts, but by the
partial representation of facts connected with his
naval service which would tend to throw him into
odium; and when these do not appear on the pub-
lic documents, he resorts to private correspond-
ence, or to an alleged correction of a copy of an
official paper, in order to make the case still more
odious, as he supposes, against the captain.
Now, sir, let me look at these charges. The
first is that he sent a communication to the Na-
tional Intelligencer. It does not appear whether
he wrote it or not. We do not know the fact, as
far as any evidence goes which has been offered
here; but I am willing to concede that what the
honorable Senator states, he knows to be the fact,
though I know nothing about it—that it was
handed by Captain Du Pont to the editors of the
National Intelligencer, and through him it was
published. The communication has been read
nere, in part, and I believe only in part. Extracts
were torn from the context, and read with pecu-
liar emphasis, in order to give to them a different
meaning from what they would have if read gen-
erally, in connection with the whole. I listened
attentively to all that was read by the honorable
Senator. I have heard intelligent men speak of
that communication on the rumor that it emanated
from Captain Du Pont; but I have neither found
nor heard anything in reference to it, which could
show a disposition on his part to do injustice to
any of his fellow-officers, or to impugn his im-
partiality in the decision at which he arrived.
He thought, as everybody knows, that the Navy
required reform, lie was not singular in that
opinion; perhaps it would have been singular to
differ with him, because we all thought that the
Navy required reform, though we differed as to
v u m,° Tln which the reform should be accomp-
lished. Is there any evidence of a want of im-
partiality if an officer, supposing him to have
written the communication, submits his general
views on the law and its proper construction,
alluding to no individual, aiming at no individual
whatever in the remotest degree ? If he does that
even with a view to give a proper tone of opinion
to his fellow-officers, and a proper tone of opinion
to the public, where is the impropriety, where is
the injustice ? But, sir, there is injustice in tear-
ing from the context of a paper particular phrases
and particular parts, to read them with a certain
emphasis, in order to endeavor to throw odium
on the whole paper, when there is really nothing
in it which would justify the charge.
Mr. CLAYTON. As the Senate is thin, and
as my colleague appears to be laboring under a
severe cold, I hope, under the circumstances, he
will give way; that I may move an adjournment.
He can finish in the morning hour to-morrow.
Mr. BAYARD. My colleague will excuse
me; I would rather go on now. I will detain the
Senate only a short time. There is one point in
the remarks of the Senator from Texas, and one
of his charges, which to me is so conclusively
answered, that I think, when I have placed it
before the Senate, it will characterize tne whole
of the charges made by him in such a manner as
to prevent the necessity of further reply.
I come now to the next charge, whicn is made
against Captain Du Pont and other officers who
were on this board connected with him. It is
said, that during the years 1839-'40, being in the
Navy of the United States, and attached to the
ship Ohio, under the command of Captain Smith
I think—the whole squadron being commanded
by Commodore Hull—certain difficulties arose
between these officers and Commodore Hull; and
that they were brought home, and had a public
reprimand read to them on board the ship Ohio
before they were sent home. The honorable Sen-
ator, without stating all the facts of the case,
referred to the letter of the Navy Department,
which was so read, of 16th December, 1839; and,
contrary to what exists on the record, the printed
document, (a copy of which he had before him,
or might have had before him, as it was laid on
his desk this morning,) he interpolates into that
letter, from a private source, the word "sex."
The effect of the interpolation—shall I say its
object?—-is to make the phraseology of the com-
munication of the Secretary of the Navy essen-
tially different, as regards its effect on public
opinion, from what it would be without it. The
■ honorable Senator well knew that the American
I people are exceedingly sensitive to anything con-
nected with the character of woman, or the def-
erence which is due to her. It is true that, after
making his allegation, he says: "I do not rely
on this." Why, then, make the charge? Why
attack the honor of an officer and a gentleman in
a place where he is helpless to defend himself,
and send this forth before the country directly in
the face of the official records ? If he did not mean
to rely on it, what was the use of employing it ?
Mr. HOUSTON. The gentleman will permit
me to say that he misapprehended me; I did not
say that I did not rely on it, for I do emphat-
ically rely on it.
Mr. BAYARD. I understood the honorable
Senator to say, after stating it, that he did not rely
on it, but proceeded on to a subsequent passage,
though he said he believed it to be true. Now, sir
it is unnecessary for me to say anything about
this matter, except to state the fact, that in the
original letter, as I understood the Senator him- 1
self to admit, on the records of the Department,
and as communicated here to the public, no such
word appears; and,ifitdid,inmy view it would
not alter the case, except as to the effect these
things have on opinion and prejudice. The lan-
guage is just as intelligible without the word as
with it. I go further, and say there would have
been an impropriety in the use of the word by
the Secretary of the Navy. And there are facts
in the case which render it impossible that it
could be the proper word to insert. In all the
previous communications of Commodore Hull,
complaining of the conduct of these officers, there
is not one word which has reference to "sex."
It was on the previous complaints of Commodore
Hull, that he had been treated disrespectfully, anil
on his ex parte statement, that the Secretary of the
Navy issued this order. Can it be that a Secre
tary of the Navy of the United States would in-
terpoiate into an official order a comment on the
want of consideration due to the sex, when there
was nothing in the communications of Commo-
dore Hull which could be found to bear even the
possibility of such an inference ? Surely not The
object is what I have stated. The object is, hav-
ing in view the extreme sensibility of the Ameri-
can people wherever the name or the feelings of
a woman are concerned, by prejudice to prevent
inquiry and defeat justice. Take the language
itself. It is that they had " lost sight of the re-
spect and consideration due to that which every
IhoulTfroi -fv m°-st esPecially every officer,
should feel it his pride to cherish on all occa-
sions." The honorable Senator says that the
word " sex" should be inserted between "that"
and " which." I would ask why an " officer"
should feel it his pride, more than a gentleman,
to cherish every possible consideration for the
sex ? Sir, it would be imputing to Mr. Paulding
a misuse of terms to suppose that an officer, more
than a gentleman, was bound to cherish, on all
occasions, and feel pride in cherishing on all oc-
casions, a due consideration for the sex.
It is, therefore, on the face of the paper, not the
proper word, if any word were needed; but it is
just as intelligible without any word being inter-
polated at all, and I repel the idea that it was ever
I there. Such an idea is not founded on the nat-
I ural construction of the language; and, further,
there cannot be found a single line to sustain such
an idea in all the communications of Commodore
Hull, from whom the whole complaint was de-
rived. Would the Secretary of the Navy, who
was three thousand miles away from the trans-
action, whose conduct was based entirely on
Commodore Hull's complaints, use language for
which no justification was to be found in the
Commodore's correspondence ? Yet, the honor-
able Senator has attempted, on the authority of a
letter—picked up I know not where—to interpo-
late a word that docs not belong to the official
document, in order that he may, by prejudice,
raise in the mind of the American people an opin-
ion derogatory to the character of those individ-
uals who have the misfortune to incur his dis-
pleasure.
Mr. President, I will give the history of the
case, as it has been commented on. Any person
who will read the documents, which are long, will
find that the case is a very simple one. Lieuten •
ant Du Pont, and the other lieutenants of the
Ohio, were detailed for that squadron because
they were enterprisingand distinguished officers.
But for the fact that I wish to say nothing which
could for a moment reflect on or derogate from
Commodore Hull, I think I could explain fully
the origin of all their difficulties, for I am old
enough to recollect very well the period of time
at which they occurred; and it so happened that,
being acquainted with the parties on both sides,
I knew something of the nature of the feelings
which existed But I pass all that by. The whole
difficulty occurred from an experiment which
was tried contrary to the usages of the service,
by which, in a large ship of the line, all the lieu-
tenants were placed in quarters they had never
occupied before—very uncomfortable quarters,
quarters that the surgeon of the vessel (who is
called one of the " conspirators" by Commodore
Hull) pronounced to be unfit in point of health
for their residence. What led to this it is not
worth while to inquire now. It is sufficient to
say that thev remonstrated against having their
rooms placed on what is called the orlop deck, in
an uncomfortable and unhealthy position, with a
vitiated atmosphere. They went out in the vessel
under those circumstances. Difficulties and bad
feeling existed between all the lieutenants of the
ship—every one of them—and Commodore Hull
during a certain period of time. He made his
representations to the Secretary of the Navy.
Under those representations these officers, un-
heard, were publicly reprimanded in accordance
with the letter of December 16, 1839, and they
were sent home. They returned, and were then
heard; and the result shows the danger of con-
demnation without a hearing, and I admit that it
applies fully to the impropriety of the present
law. I will now read a portion of the dispatch
of the Navy Department, issued after they had
had a hearing. The Navy Department—and this
proceeding shows magnanimity on the part of Mr.
Secretary Paulding—convinced that an error had
been committed and a wrong done, admitted the
wrong and rectified it in the best manner possible.
Mr. Paulding sent the officers back to resume
their stations in the ship, and ordered this letter,
exculpatory of the former charge, to which the
Senator refers, to be also read to the squadron. I
read all that is necessary—a little more than was
done on the other side.
" Navy Department, June 24, 1840.
"Sir: Lieutenants Pendergrast, Du Pont,Missioon,and
Godon have reported themselves to the Department in
obedience to your orders, and at the same time requested
