1806
Tfi-fi CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
August 1,
and that being done, everything else connected
with the matter properly belonged to the Legis-
lature. It not only belonged to them as a part
of t he general legislative power, but because
everything in the act of Congress on the subject
of a scat of government connects the question
with the. Legislature and not the Governor. And
I might, with propriety, insist, if it were neces-
sary, that the power over the permanent seat of
government carried along with it power over the
Temporary one, upon the universally admitted prin-
ciple that the greater always includes tlje lesser.
But, in any just view, my construction of this
Taw must be sustained. I apprehend that Gov-
ernor Reeder himself never thought of any other
until he became involved in a controversy which
required that he should abandon the ground he
occlipied at the time his message was delivered.
The bill that passed the Legislature for the
removal to the Shawnee Mission was vetoed by
the Governor, but it was afterwards passed, pur-
suant to the organic act, by two thirds of each
House, and therefore became a law without his
approval. The last meeting of the Legislature
at the town of Pawnee was on the 6th of July,
1S55, the day on which the bill was thus finally
passed. On the 16th it met again, under the au-
thority of this act, at the Shawnee Mission, and
proceeded to exercise all the power of a Legisla-
ture. A bill passed there, to incorporate a ferry
at Kicltapoo, was sent to the Governor for his
approval; anfd this bill, on the 21st of July, was
vetoed by the Governor, upon the ground that
the Legislature had no power to sit at that place.
In this message he conceded the power to the
Legislature to fix the permanent seat of govern-
ment, but denied its power over the temporary
one. And he also denied the power to the Le-
gislature to remove its sessions from the town of
Pawnee, where he had called it together. This
den ial and concession were directly contradictory;
for if the Legislature had the power to remove
from Pawnee, it had the right to go anywhere in
the Territory, unless prohibited by the law of
Congress. I have already shown that the organic
law would have fixed the temporary seat of gov-
ernment at Fort Leavenworth, but for the provis-
ion of the appropriation act, which gave the Sec-
retary of War power to determine the question
whether suitable buildings there cotfld be spared.
In the event that he determined that they could not
be, that, of course, was not the temporary sent
of government; and as he did so determine, the
Legislature could not meet there. The meeting
at Fort Leavonworth being, therefore, forbidden
by the law, and the power of removal from Paw-
nee being conceded, there can be no question but
that the Legislature had the right to remove to
the Shawnee iMission, or wherever else thev
pleased, within the Territory.
The Governor, in his veto message, says that
the Legislature, before the permanent seat of gov-
ernment was fixed, could " have adjourned to the
temporary seat of government which Congress
had established." But Congress had given the
Secretary of War power to say whether they
could meet there or not; and he having decided
that they could not, can anything be clearer than
that they had the power to remove elsewhere?
This proposition is too plain to be longer dwelt
upon.
After this veto of the Governor, and*his refusal
to recognize the right of the Legislature to sit at
Shawnee Mission, it was apparent lhat all the
legislation of the Territory would have to termin-
ate, unless all the bills could be passed by two
thirds of each House. In this condition of affairs,
the Legislature petitioned the President to remove
Governor Reeder from office, m order to secure
the cooperation of the Executive in the necessary
legislation. This was finally done, and legisla-
tion proceeded. Laws were passed upon all the
subjects necessary in the organization of a Terri-
tory. A code of nearly one thousand pages was
enacted providing for administration upon estates,
for crimes and punishments, for the practice of
law, for the regulation of conveyances, concern-
ing evidence, providing for elections, and indeed
upon every subject on which the intefests of so-
ciety required that there should be legislation. It
u now askpd that all this legislation shall be set
aside and declared void; for if one law is void,
on the grounds now assumed, they are all so. If
this shall be done, then the Territory must return
to its original condition; it must discard its whole
code of laws; and all the rights of persons and
property acquired'under those laws must be de-
stroyed. I submit ttf this IJouse whether it is
prepared for this —whether such an act would not
justly excite the apprehension in the public mind
that it might hereafter furnish a precedent for
some other party, in the madness of excitemcnt,
to demand the justification of any flagrant abuse
of power that its interest might require ?
It is impossible, I trust, that the House can be
insensible to these considerations.
But the Legislature was resolved to proceed
with caution, and not hazard the validity of their
legislation by the exercise of a doubtful power.
Accordingly, after the Governor's veto, and on
the 30th July, 1855, the two Houses, by resolu-
tion, submitted the question of the validity of
their acts, to the United States district attorney,
as the proper law officer of the Government,
whose opinion they had a right to obtain. He
submitted the question to the judges of the Su-
preme Court, who afterwards communicated their
opinion directly to the Legislature. That opinion
was clear, distinct, and emphatic, and was char-
acterized by much learning and ability. It an-
swered every objection set out in the veto message
of the Governor so clearly and satisfactorily, that
the only wonder is, that there should have been
since found those who are ready to assail its rea-
soning. The conclusion of its argument was
the decided opinion that the Legislature could
legally hold its sessions were they then were.
Thus the Legislature, not merely content with
the exercise of its own judgment, took all the
steps within its reach to have this question prop-
erly settled, and found itself justified by the
highest judicial authority of the Territory. Could
they have done more? It is quite certain that
very many Legislatures would have done less.
And the fact, therefore, that they proceeded with
so much caution, should have entitled them to
enough of respect and consideration to shield
them from the abuse which a certain class of men
are continually bestowing upon them.
I wish every gentleman in this House would
take the trouble to read this opinion. It could
not fail to convince them of the correctness of
the views entertained of their power by the
Legislature. Its calm reasoning and strong argu-
ment would put the whole question beyond fur-
ther cavil or dispute. I will not trouble them
with reading it, but may think it necessary to
attach it to my speech hereafter. But 1 insist,
sir, that it is not competent for the House to go
behind the acts of this Legislature, in order to
inquire whether the members were properly
elected or not; but that, like the records of a
couit, they import absolute verity on their face.
My views upon this question were fully expressed
in a communication to the Committee of Elec-
tions, a portion of which I will now read:
"The committee will permit me to sav that this piesents
apiopo-itionof more than ordinary tnavity and importance.
If the light, to inquire collateral!.;/ into the vahditvoi an act
of legislation exist* in the House of Representatives ar all,
when it iij acting tor itself alone, it is certain that, it it is
now evereised, it will be the first time in our history. But
whether it exists or not, the undersigned emphatically, but
re-peettully, denies to the House the power to carry such
an inquny so far in any proceeding, whether collateral or
otherwise, as to reach back to the inquiry whether or not
the members of the Legislature parsing the act were piop-
erly and legally elected. The records of our own couits
import absolute verity upon their tace. And shall it be
pi "tended thai thr acts of a Legislature, though it e^hall be
that of a Terntoiy, import verity than these recotds ? If
it be assumed that they are not of equal dignity with a
judicial reeoid, and that they may be collaterally attached,
where 1= the mqinty to top.5 If a 5*tute Legislature shall
p< ovale for an election of member* of the House of Ilepie-
sentaiives, and !lie contestant of a member who was then
elected shall allege that the Legislature wa* not a legal one,
the inquiry will involve the exerei-e of a power, on the
pair ot the House alone, of supervising the legislation of a
State; and uho does not see the consequences to which
thi*. writ lead ? If the House, in judging of the qualifications
of its own members, has a right to go behind an act of a Ter-
ritorial Legislature passed under a law of the United States,
giving to the people, of the Territory full and entire legis-
lative t-overcigm.v over all their own affairs, it must have
the same powei ro inquire m reference to an act of a State
Legislature. The Territorial Learis-lature, under the law of
Congress, js a feoveieign within its pioper sphere. as is that
of the State It is absolutely sovereign *0 far as the TTouse
of Representatives is concerned. Congress, composed of
both Houses, may possess the power to revise territorial
legislation ; but in tiiat ca^e even the revision must be by
the concurrent action of both Houses; m other word.*, by a
law passed pursuant to the Constitution. The question of
power m that case is a very different one from the quebtion
of power in thn, where the House is acting alone, and
where it derives no power from the Constitution except
i simply the right to judge of the qualifications of its own
! mcfiibeis. Unquestionably it must be true, that as a single
House of Congress n must take the act of a TerritoiiaJ
Legislature as importing, like a reeoid, absolute veritv
upon its face. _
" As Governor lleede.r presents no question which re-
quires the action of Congress, it is not necessary for me to
insist that Congress in exercising its power of revision, if
it possesses it, must be equally bound as the House to
respect an act of a Territorial Legislature. The question,
so far as Congress, is concerned, of the revision or repeal
of a territorial law, can only involve the expediency and
propriety of the act. It cannot, under any just view of the
powers of Congress, justify an inquiry into the qualifications
of the members who composed the Territorial Legislature.
If so, the law conferring upon the people of the Territory
the sovereign power of legislation over all their territorial
'matters would be a mockery. And the exercise of the
power, too, would involve the most singular inquiries—
precisely analogous to the inquny, whether a judge was,
or was not, properly and legally elected, upon examining
the validity of a record of his court. Rut 1 am not driven
now to the necessity of maintaining this latter proposition,
as it i& the 7/owse i nd not Cowrrc&s that is acting, though I
think no other can be justly maintained.5'
Governor Reeder received information of his
removal'on the 15th of August, 1855; and on the
next day notified the Legislature that his func-
tions as Governor had terminated, and that Hon.
Daniel Woodson, Secretary of the Territory,
would, from that time, by virtue of the organic
law, discharge the duties of Governor. All the
laws that had not been passed over the veto of
Governor Reeder were subsequently approved
by him, and the session was closed on the 30th
August, 1855.
Amongst the laws passed by this Legislature,
was one providing for general elections in the
Territory. One provision of this law required
that the election for Delegate to Congress should
take place on the first Monday of October, 1855,
at the respective places of holding elections. It
pointed out the whole mode of proceeding in
conducting the election, and fixed the qualifica-
tions of voters, and provided for the manner of
making the returns. This election was held at
the appointed time, and I was the only candidate,
although thirty-six votes were cast for Governor
Reeder. I received the certificate of election from
the proper authority of the Territory; and this
House, having determined that it was valid, has
admitted me to my seat here. 1 cannot suppose
that there will now be a reversal of this determi-
nation.
I have now, Mr. Speaker, detailed these facts
in the history of Kansas, because they bear upon
the question now to be decided by this House; I
have done it plainly, because I desire them to be
well understood by gentlemen before they cast
their votes. May I not, sir, venture to express
the hope, that they will have their due weight
upon their minds when they shall come to con-
clude upon the course that a sense, of justice and
■ duty requires them to adopt? I am aware of all
j the embarrassments and difficulties surrounding
j this question; but a fair examination of it will so
i far, 1 think, remove all doubt about the true and
I just mode of settling it, as to overcome these. If
| gentlemen will only act dispassionately, and dis-
! miss from their minds the excitement that their
| connection with an angiy party has crcated, I am
j sure it will do so. It is due to the House, that f
! shall consider it as impartial, and, therefore, I
| shall confidently expect this result.
i I have already alluded to the excited state of
| the public mind in reference to the affairs of Kan-
! sas, which is without a parallel in the history of
j the country. It is not necessary to my purpose
! now that I shall enter upon an explanation of
! what I suppose to have been all the causes of this
| excitement; yet I should fail in the performance
ot my duty if I did not speak of some of the most
important of them. And I shall refer to these
I with a design to say nothing in reference to them
, that shall influence the passions of any gentleman
j! here—if such a thing, as matters now stand, is
j possible.
!; At the time of the passage of the act for the
organization of Kansas, there were no white set-
tlements within the Territory. Here and there
', a few adventurers were residing upon the lands to
!< which the Indian title had been extinguished, but
there were very few even of these. Kansas,
i! therefore, can in no sense be considered as re-
sponsible for the introduction into that act of the
: proposition in reference to the existence of slavery
\] there. Congress chose, as it had the right tinder
I; the Constitution to do, to leave the settlement of
