THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN C. RIVES, WASHINGTON, 25. C.
Thirty-Fourth Congress, 1st Session.
THURDSAY, APRIL 24, 1856.
New Series No. 63.
fraud on the part of a great number of individuals
to present false claims against'the Government to
an almost illimitable extent. Two or three men,
knavish in their character, with a disposition to
defraud, may pile affidavits on affidavits before a
Commissioner, which by no possibility of human
ingenuity could he detect.
Under the circumstances attending these trans-
actions, looking at the remoteness of the occur-
rences, and the impossibility of having any check
to guard against fraud, if you exclude reference
to the pay-roll and the muster-roll of the compa-
nies, I think it better to adhere to thegeneral rule.
What will be the effect of the amendment of the
Senator from Georgia? The Commissiotier turns
to the pay-roll and to the muster-roll of a com-
pany in which an applicant claims to have served,
and he may not find his name there; but the an-
'swer will be: " Here is an affidavit to show that
the person was there; and although his name is
not on the pay-roll or the muster-roll, the act of
Congress requires that he shall be paid just as if
it were there, because parol testimony is to be
equivalent to written evidence." I do not mean
to say that there may not be a few cases—I be-
lieve they are rare—where, from the mode in
which the business was conducted, omissions of
names took place from both the muster and pay-
rolls. I have no doubt, however, that in the vast
majority of cases where such omissions did exist,
it was from the neglect of the paity, or perhaps
on account of some personal object to be gained
by nothaving his name entered on the roll. When
the rolls were made, there could be no object on
the part of the officer to omit the name of any
man; for he could not look prospectively forward
to the fact thatthe Congress of the United States,
after a lapse of forty or fifty years, would make
such a general disposition of the public lands by
ivay of bounty. I have no doubt that the cases
are few and rare indeed, in which a party could
have been in the service of the United States for
fourteen days, where a muster-roll was kept at all,
in which his name does not appear on that roll.
As to the cases of substitutes, X feel no sym-
pathy for them. There is no conscription in this
country. If a man chose to employ a substitute
to perform the service, the substitute ought to get
the land. He ought to have taken care, and, if
there was no dishonesty in the transaction, and
no object for disguise and concealment, he prob-
ably did take care, to have his name placed on the
rolls. The cases of that class, however, must be
few and isolated; and if any meritorious ones are
presented, they may be the subjects of special
legislation iphen they come up; but they form
no groundslor a general exception in this law.
The cases which have been excepted by the
committee, as far as I have heard them stated,
are well-known historical cases, in which no
muster-rolls or pay-rolls were, or could be, kept,
and yet where the persons notoriously performed
the service en miase as a class. The object now
is to identify the individuals; and as the ordinary
means which would exist in all other cases for
their identification do not exist, and never did
exist in these cases, you must of necessity, in
order to do justice, admit parol testimony in those
particular cases. This is the view which I take
of it.
Mr. TOOMBS. Mr. President, upon the ques-
tion of parol evidence I have a word or two to
say. The attempt to exclude parol evidence here
is merely delaying the execution of the intention
of Congress. It has been fought from time to
time before Congress, and the principle has been
established that a particular amount of service
entitles a man to bounty. The real question is,
will you give it to him? It will be presented to
us year after year, and it will be allowed finally,
because it is just and right. You may resist it,
but the real object in resisting it is not as to the
character of the evidence. The gentlemen who
are opposed to what has been determined to be
the policy of the country, seek, by requirements
as to the character of evidence, to circumscribe
it. That is the objection of the Senator from
as
Michigan, [Mr. Stuart,] and those who act with
him in regard to this bill. They wish to restrict
the grant. Congress has declared that whoever
has'performed fourteen days'military service for
the country shall have one hundred and sixty
acres of land. The Senator from Michigan op-
posed that provision; so did I. I thought at the
time that it was unwise; I think so yet; but as
the country has determined that that amount of
military service shall en title a man to bounty land,
I say that it is unjust to seek pretenses and pre-
texts to deprive a portion of the men who have
done service of the benefits of the law; and there-
fore I am against the restrictions which are sought
to be imposed.
My friend from South Carolina excepts his
King's-Mountain case, apdhesays that is histor-
ical. I believe the battle is somewhat known to
history, though I suppose it was not so great a bat-
tle as one which was fought in California a few
years since, judging from the description that we
heard of it some days ago in the Senate—I allude
to the battle of San Vincente. [Laughter.] It
was a very creditable little affair; but although
the event and the service which it was to the coun-
try are historical, the Senator from South Car
olina must resort to parol evidence to reward the
magnificent services of those engaged at King's
Mountain. The amendment of the Senator from
Ohio makes that provision for other cases. The
question is, whether it shall be general.
The tomb-stones to which the Senator from
South Carolina alluded, arc not records; and this
is the first time that I ever heard such a declara-
tion. I am surprised to hear it from a judicial
authority which I am every day in the habit of
respecting in my committee room; but I will say
to my friend that he can hardly make tomb-stones
and inscriptions in South Carolina record evidence
of anything. Are they records ?
Mr. BUTLER. They are evidence.
Mr. TOOMBS. I know they are evidence; but
are they records ? It is said here that you must
have record evidence; and that is the point. I
know they are evidence; but I also know thatthe
oaths of good men and true have established for
twenty centuries everything in this world and in
the next world. The Christian religion stands
on parol evidence. The lives„liberty, and prop-
erty of men in all civilized and savage countries
on the face of the earth, where they rest on testi-
mony, stand on parol evidence. Now, a war-
rant for forty acres of land is too sacred a thing
to rest on parol evidence! In every court of jus-
tice, the dearest interests of man—his life, his lib-
erty, his reputation, and his property—are every
hour dispensed by parol evidence; and yet, grave
Senators tell us that a tract of forty acres of pub-
lic land, which you have thrown away thus lav-
ishly, is a thing too sacred to be trusted to parol
evidence! That is the whole case; there is
nothing else in it.
Sir, this debate proceeds on a misnomer—a per-
version of law terms. There is no record evi-
dence here. You have not a particle of it. There
is no such thing as record evidence to prove the
service of a single human being of all the thou-
sands to whom you have given bounty land. It
all rests on parol. The muster-rolls and pay-
rolls afe certificates not even evidenced by oaths.
They are not even sworn to. They are returns
n\ade on the honor of a gentleman and an officer
by those under whom your soldiers serve. These
rolls you now dignify with the appellation of
records, for the purpose of restricting this act
_below the design of Congress. You pervert ju-
dicial terms; you pervert the English language in
order to defeat your own law and defeat a princi-
ple declared by Congress.
My friend from South Carolina talks to us
about historical evidence. Is that record ? This
law does not say that historical evidence shall
establish a man's right to land. Historical evi-
dence has established men's rights to pensions in
the Revolution, and it is very good evidence; but
it will not do here, for it is parol; it is not record.
No historical evidence would do under this bill,
as the Senator from Michigan and his committee
want it. AH the tombstones in South Carolina
would not prove the service at King's Mountain;
but you must have what they call " record evi-
dence." I suppose they mean, by that term, re-
turns in writing of muster-rolls and pay-rolls. I
say that, so far from these being record evidence,
they are not equal to evidence established by the
oaths of good men and true. These roils are not
even sanctioned by an oath; and. aH the. bounty
lands issued from your Pension Office are issued
on nothing but the certificate of an officer, on the
honor of a gentleman and an officer. ■ >
_We are told that we cannot trust our judicial
tribunals, for all these oaths must be taken by a
judicial officer. Every fact which may be proved
m other cases, may be proved by parol. In
every case where you seek to prove the identity
of a man, it is by parol. Is there a greater chance
of perjury in this case ? It is an ordinary occur-
rence that secondary evidence is gone into, and
it must be so. What is there in the single fact
of service under bounty land bills so sacred that
you will not allow it to be evidenced by parpl, as
everything else may be under the existing Ia.ws,?
Mr. President, and gentlemen of the Senate,
when the principle is decided that this service en-
titles the citizen to so much of the public land,
there is but one more question to be determined',
and that is, has he done the service ? If so, he is
entitled to the land. Make him produce, as in
all other cases, the best evidence. If there are
records, let him present them; but if there are
none, let him prove his right, as you allow men's
rights to be proved everywhere else, and let him
produce the best evidence of which the nature of
the case will admit. Then you will throw around
the public lands precisely the same securities
which you throw around the life, the liberty, and
the property of every man in America. Is any-
thing more needed for the public land? If so,
insist on record evidence.
Mr. BUTLER. Mr. President, I do not like
the tone of remark of my friend from Georgia, i«
relation to King's Mountain, in any point of
view. I appreciate his taste, and I appreciate still
more his legal attainments. I must differ from
him, however, on this occasion, in both. I ven-
ture to say that in England, and 1 hope ill Georgia,
the tomb of Pulaski, and the tomb of Nathaniel
Greene, and the inscriptions upon them, would
be regarded as something higher and more sacked
than the ambulatory testimony which could bp
produced by persons declaring upon parol. I
have been some time from the profession, but 1
have al ways understood that the highest evidence
of genealogy—yes, sir, higher than church regis-
ters—the liighestand the proudest evidences of
genealogy, are the inscriptions on the tombstones
of patriots. I understand that my friend from
Georgia says there is no such thing.
Mr. TOOMBS, Not at all.
Mr. BUTLER. I think the Senator is in a
minority on that subject. From time immemo-
rial it has been resorted to. I suppose in Georgia
they would resort to the almanac, and they would
think that quite good evidence for anything which
it contained. [Laughter.] Now, sir, 1 maintain
here, in the face of the Senate, that the inscriptions
on Washington's tombstone are good evidence
of genealogy.
Mr. TOOMBS. That is very true.
Mr. BUTLER. Then you are coming to my
proposition.
Mr. TOOMBS. Not at all. I said they were
not record evidence. I insist on it yet,and I wish
the Senator to get in his parol evidence.
Mr. BUTLER. When the Senator speaks of
recordevidence, I suppose he would regard church
registers as record. 1 am not speaking nc^ptech-
nically. I hope my friend will not reduce me to
the Procrustean rule of using the word " record"
always in the technical sense in which he would
speak of a roll in England. That is the only rec-
ord there admitted. There is not a record ill
Georgia, there is not a record in South Carolina, ac-
cording to the true sense of the term' as understood
