994
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 22,
in England. In South Carolina and Georgia, we
have not what is called rccord evidence in Eng-
land, strictly speaking, as a legal record? but we
have statutory records. I venture to say that
my friend has often heard a witness declare—an
old woman with a Bible in her hand—" here it is
on recQrd in the Bible." He has heard it often,
and the judges have regarded it as good record
evidence. If they did not, they were no judges,
or they were very much deluded by ingenious
lawyers—[laughter]—one or the other.
Wow, sir, a word with regard to the case of the
battle of King's Mountain. Originally I intro-
duced the amendment to include that class of
persons in the bounty land law, as an exception—
as an honorablfe statutory tribute to those people.
I wish now that I had not done it, for not one of
them has applied to me, and I am informed that
not a single one can claim under the clause. I
did think that an old lady with whom I was ac-
quainted in North Carolina—not in my own State
—and perhaps Colonel McDowell, if he is still
alive, might claim under it,but no one else. The
■Senator knows very well that there are no minor
children of the men engaged in that battle; and
no one could claim but the widow or one of the
living heroes of that battle. When the Senator
from Georgia speaks of it as a tolerably hand-
some affair, let me tell him that history has
regarded it as the most eventful chapter in the
revolutionary war in the southern States. Sir, I
will not allow it to be compared with the other
battles of those who come here to claim under
parol evidence of their service. It was the first
battle that turned the tide of British dominion in
the South. Georgia was overrun, South Caro-
lina was overrun,and the British had proclaimed
that they were under civil government, and the
British sword and British dominion were prevail-
ing there. Then, these men came from over the
mountains—not from South Carolina alone. If
the Senator from Georgia intended to say that I
had taken a part in this matter because King's
Mountain was in South Carolina, I tell him that
none of these men came from South Carolina
except the gallant Williams and his five hundred
men. He led the van, and was the first to fall,
and his was the only corps from South Carolina.
Virginians were there, led by the gallant Camp-
bell; Kentuckians were there, led by Shelby;
Tennesseeans, led by Sevier; and North Caro-
linians, lead by McDowell.
When I introduced the amendment last year to
provide for them, it was as a historical tribute to
the memory of these brave and patriotic men
who furnished their own horses, and passed
through a wilderness, and overtook, perhaps, the
most accomplished man who then commanded
the British forces, Colonel Ferguson,and King's
Mountain was the place where they earned their
imperishable honors. I would wish no higher
monument than that the rock on that mountain
should be cut down, and the names of those heroes
written upon it. The Scnalor from Georgia
would not call that a recoid. 1 would call it the
proudest record that there ever has been. It would
be a record as durable as the mountain—more
durable than brass,and better than paper.
Now, sir, if I could, I would withdraw from
the bill of last year the provision in regard to
King's Mountain, for I perceive that it has been
used as a precedent under which others can claim.
I do not believe there is a single one who can
now receive land under that clause. When I of-
fered it 1 believed that a venerable widow would
receive land under it; and though she was a
woman, tottering on the verge of the grave, I
would stand by her and maintain her rights. I
presume now, however, that no person can claim
land under that clause, unless Colonel McDowell,
it he be alive, and I do not know whether he is
or not. It was offered as a tribute in the first
instance, which might have included twoor three,
but now I doubt whether it covers one.
1 shall say no more; but I sit down maintain-
ing that inscriptions on tombstones are good evi-
dt-ncein court, and are to be regarded as better
evuiSpe than any parol testimony or any paper
evidence that can be resorted to.
Mr. SEWARD. I understand from the hon-
orable Senator from Georgia [Mr. Iverson] that
he intends to vote for the amendment of the hon-
orable Senator from Ohio. That being the case,
it is necessary, in order that my own vote may
not be misunderstood, that I should state, before
the question is taken, that I shall now vote against
the amendment of the honorable Senator from
Ohio, but with the view of falling back and adopt-
ing the amendment of the honorable Senator from
Georgia, which I prefer.
Mr. IVERSON. The position which I pro-
pose to occupy is, to vote for the amendment of
the Senator from Ohio, and then, afterwards, to
move my amendment by way of substitute for
his, because I prefer mine.
Mr. SEWARD. The honorable Senatdrwill,
I think, be unable to do that. He cannot offer
it afterwards as a substitute; and, therefore, fear-
ing that we shall lose his amendment and pass
that of the Senator from Ohio, I shall vote against
the latter.
The PRESIDENT. The question is on the
amendment of the Senator from Ohio.
Mr. IVERSON. Suppose that be adopted,
what will be the effect on my amendment ?
Mr. FOOT. I understand the position of the
question to be this—and it was so stated at the
time when the honorable Senator from Georgia
withdrew his amendment with a view to have
action on the amendment offered by the Senator
from Ohio—that, if that be rejected, it will then
be in order for the Senator from Georgia to renew
his amendment; but if it be adopted, it will not
be in order for the Senator from Georgia to offer
his as a substitute for it.
The PRESIDENT. That is the fact.
Mr. PUGII. The motion of the Senator from
Georgia is to strike out the whole section. It
can be as well stricken out after as before the
adoption of my amendment.
The PRESIDENT. Tfthe amendment offered
by the Senator from Ohio be adopted, then the
amendment that has been withdrawn by the Sen-
ator from Georgia will not be in order. If, how-
ever, the amendment of the Senator from Ohio
be rejected, the amendment of the Senator from
Georgia will be in order.
Mr. IVERSON. If'that be the state of the
case, I must vote against the amendment of the
Senator from Ohio.
Mr. COLLAMER. I understand that the
amendment of the Senator from Ohio is ail addi-
tion to the third section. Suppose it be adopted,
would it not still be subject to the amendment of
the Senator from Georgia, which is to the whole
section?
The PRESIDENT. A motion to strike out
the whole section, and insert a new one, would
be in order.
Mr. IVERSON. That is the manner in which
I propose to present my amendment.
The PRESIDENT. It is in order first to per-
fect the section, and then any Senator may move
to strike it all out, and substitute a different prop-
osition.
Mr. IVERSON. I understand, then, that, if
the amendment of the Senator from Ohio be
adopted, (which, as the Senator from Vermont
has correctly stated, is an addition to the third
section,) I can move to strike out the whole of
the third section, and substitute my amendment
for it?
The PRESIDENT. Certainly.
Mr. IVERSON. Then I shall vote for the
amendment of the Senator from Ohio.
Mr. DURKEE. Before the vote is taken, I
beg leave to state that, if I were in favor of dis-
posing of the public lands in this manner, I should
support the amendment of the Senator from
Georgia; but I am against the whole system. I
have seen the effect of covering over the new
States with land warrants. I believe they work
injuriously on the new States; and my opinion is,
that whatever is prejudicial to the new States is
injurious to the old States. For this reason I am
opposed to the whole system, and I shall, there-
fore, vote against these amendments and against
the whole measure.
Mr. STUART. The Senator from Georgia
[Mr. Toombs] says that this is only a question
of time. I am willing to accept it on that position;
and if Congress are now disposed to change the
rule which they adopted in 1855, and say that
parol evidence shall be admissible under the act
of 1855, I have nothing to say against it; I shall
content myself with voting against it. I object,
however, to the argument which the Senator uses.
He says that everything valuable in this v orld
and in the world to come stands on parol evi-
dence. Sir, I do not so understand the history
of this world, and such is not my belief of the
world to come.
Parol evidence as it is" presented in courts of
law is^ subjected to contradiction. Every witness
is subjected to cross-examination. He isbrought
upon the stand, either in open court or before the
officers of the court, and he is confronted by other
witnesses, and undergoes a cross-examination,
and the extent of his knowledge is tested. Does
that apply as a parallel to this case ? A man sits
down in California or in Maine, and makes out
an affidavit, and sends it to the Pension Office; and
that is called parol evidence of such a character as
is received before courts and juries, where, as I
have said, the witness is brought on the stand,
either in open court, or before an appointed offi-
cer of the court, confronted with other witnesses,
cross-examined, tested as to the extent of his
knowledge, and as to the faith reposed in his tes-'
timony. There is no parallel at all between the
cases.
Now, sir, for the last time I hope, I beg leave
to call the attention of the Senate to the action
of the Committee on Public Lands on this ques-
tion, and I trust we shall not be subjected to the
criticism which has been indulged in. When the
bill from the House of Representatives came to
the Senate, the Senator from Pennsylvania [Mr.
Brodiiead] rose and asked to have the Senate
pass it without referring it to the committee. The
Senator from Texas [Mr. Rusk] stated, however,
that he should insist on its committal, on my
motion, to the Committee on Public Lands, for
we ought not to adopt it. The Senate referred
the bill to the Committee on Public Lands.
There was a vote of the Senate saying to the
committee that they wore not ready to take the
bill of the House. What did the Committee on
Public Lands do under those circumstances?
They proceeded to make such amendments a3
would carry out to the fullest extent the act of
1853, as the Senate at that time intended it. We
are not to be attacked, criticised, and stigmatized,
as if the Committee on Public Lands wanted to
do something. Why, sir, every time when this
question is brought up, the Senator from Georgia
[Mr. Iverson] insists that there is something
culpable in the action of the Committee on Public
Lands, that they have some sinister motives,
and he makes use of terms, and expresses them
in a manner far from being agreeable. I said to
him to-day that I had explained, again and
again, that the Committee on Public Lands had
expressed no preference in respect to the services
at King's Mountain, at Plattsburg, and at Nick-
ojack, but that the act of 1855 did it; and the
Senator replies to me that I have not made a
sensible explanation. That may be his mode of
arguing questions; it may be a parliamentary
mode of speaking of the action of a .committee;
it may be polite between gentlemen; but it is not
according to my understanding. 9
Now, sir, I hope that what I have said before
and repeat again, it may not be necessary for mo
to say hereafter, that the Committee on Public
Lands, so far as I know, cheerfully submit this
whole question to the judgment of the Senate with
no regrctat any result that may follow. We have
endeavored to carry out the act of 1855, and we
believe we have done it. If other gentlemen
differ from us in opinion, it is a difference which
they have a right to entertain, and the whole sub-
ject will be brought to a test when the question
shall be taken on agreeing to the amendment of
the Committee on Public Lands as a substitute
for the House bill. If the Senate say No, let
them take the House bill, which repeals the third
section of the original act, and allows parol tes-
timony in all cases. That question the Committee
on Public Lands have reserved to the Senate;
they have not sought to take it away from the
Senate, and do not seek to do so now; nor could
they do so if they desired.
I hope that we shall be permitted to act on this
subject, and in that hope 1 refrain from entering
further into the discussion, which I should like
very much to do, if it were not that I think it
would be an unnecessary consumption of time.
The yeas and nays being taken on the amend-
ment of Mr. Pcoh, resulted—yeas 15, nays 26;
as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Biggs, Brodhead, Collamer, Evaua, Fits-
