1856.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
259
34th Cong....1st Sess.
JNaval Retiring Board—Mr. Mallory.
Senate.
nobly, like gallant men, and no complaint was
made of them; but, because they did not express
satisfaction and contentment with a violation of
their rights, which we all acknowledge at this day
did take place, they were sent ignominiously out
of their ship. When the Secretary of the Navy
examined the facts, he sent them back with a let-
ter which I shall read to you, that was designed
to give publicity to the fact of their being re-
lieved from the charges which had been made
against them. That letter was ordered to be read
on the vessel, so that they might be exonerated
before the crew. That letter was not read on
board the Ohio; justice was not done them there;
the letter of reprimand had been read before the
crew, and they felt it keenly; but when the letter of
apology came, it was not read, and the crew were
mot informed of it. It is therefore very proper
that it should be read now; and I will do so:
Navy Department, June 94,1840.
Sir : Lieutenants Pendergrast, Du Pont, Missroon, and
Godon, have reported themselves to the Department in
obedience to your orders, and at the same time requested
an examination of the facts which led to the course you
have pursued, alleging that such an examination will show
that they have suffered great injustice in being removed
from the squadron and sent home to the United States.
These allegations, together with some passages in the
dispatches referring to the motives which influenced you in
sending them home, induced the Department carefully to
examine and collate all the communications received from
you since j our departure from the United States.
This examination has produced a conviction that although
there might have been sufficient cause on the ground of
general expediency, and a due regard to that harmony among
all classes of officers which is so essential to the honor and
interests of the Navy, to withdraw a portion of the officers
from the squadron, and for the commander to direct the
position of others to be changed, there are no specific acts
or definite charges exhibited in the documents transmitted
to the Department, and no official misconduct alleged against
the ward-room officers of the Ohio generally, that would
authorize or justify the censure which the Department
passed on these gentlemen in the letter of December 16,
1839.
As this letter undoubtedly led to the measure of which
Lieutenants Pendergrast, Du Pont, Missroon, and Godon
complain, and has been made public in the squadron under
your command, by being read to the officers of the Ohio, the
Department feels it equally due to the obligations of justice,
to its own honor, and to the feelings of the officers of the
ward-room of that ship, and to the Navy generally, that it
should repair, as far aa may be proper and becoming, the
consequences which that letter may have produced.
For this purpose, therefore, it has been determined to di-
rect Lieutenants Pendergrast, Du Pont, Missroon, and
Godon to return to the Mediterranean and resume the duties
and stations from whence they were removed, and that
equal publicity be given to this letter with that of December
16,1839, which was the immediate cause of their removal.
In thus promptly endeavoring to repair the injuries which
may have been inflicted on the interests and feeling3 of these
officers by an act, which, though believed to be just and ex-
pedient at the time, is now, from subsequent explanations,
admitted to have been otherwise, it is confidently expected
that this example will have a salutary influence, and pro-
duce a restoration of that mutual harmony, respect, and
confidence among the officers of the squadron in the Med-
iterranean, which is equally essential to the efficiency and
reputation of the Navy, and to the welfare of their country,
which looks to that right arm of its defense for the special
protection of its interests and its honor throughout all parts
of the world.
Under the particular circumstances of this case, and most
especially as this letter is intended to be read in presence
of the officers of tbe Ohio, the Department deems it a fit
occasion to express a further hope that the commanders of
the squadron, and of the vessels composing it, will continue
to enforce, by example, as well as by the exercise of their
just authority, the laws and regulations of the Navy, with
a view to the maintenance of that subordination, order,
and discipline, without which it can neither preserve its
well-won honors, or acquire new claims to the gratitude of
the country.
On the other hand, by a prompt, cheerful, and willing
obedience to orders, by cordial and zealous support of the
measures of their superiors, and by being equally inflexible
in the performance of their duties as in the assertion of
their rights, every other grade of officers will best honor
themselves and their profession, serve their country, and
merit her confidence in all future trials.
I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,
- j. K. PAULDING.
Commodore Isaac Hull, Commanding
United State  If aval Forces in the Mediterranean.
Now, sir, the honorable Senator from Texas
traveled a little out of his way to make a fling at
the Navy Department. Professing his respect
for the President and the Secretary of the Navy,
he says he does not think they are men who
should be intrusted with naval affairs, and he gives
as an evidence of it, that when a man goes to the
Navy Department he finds'himself in a mesh, or
in other words he is in the hands of bureaus.
Well, sir, I profess but very little acquaintance
with these matters; yet, since I have been a mem-
ber of your Committee on Naval Affairs, I have
taken some pains to inform myself of them, and
I can give my experience in reference to what the
honorable Senator has said. Speaking from that
experience, 1 must say that I have always found
the Secretary of the Navy and his chief clerk
ready to respond to every call. If you will only
tell them what you want—if you will not go there
and ask for records without knowing exactly
what you are looking for, but searching in the dark
to find something—I will guarantee that if you
go there and tell precisely what you want, if the
papers are in the Department they will be found.
Though I will not say that reforms might not
take place in the Navy Department, I think that
the honorable Senator was traveling out of his
way in his remarks on this point.
_ Mr. HOUSTON. With the Senator's permis-
sion, I will make a single remark. I said that of
necessity they were unacquainted with naval af-
fairs. From what I have learned from the hon-
orable chairman of the committee, in his remarks
on various occasions, and in his reports, it takes
a life-time of close application to obtain this
knowledge; and gentlemen of other pursuits must
necessarilyie unfamiliar with the details of the
Navy and the very important principles connected
with it; and of course they must rely on inform-
ation derived from others.
I have not cast the slightest reflection upon the
disposition either of the Secretary of the Navy
or the President, but I would not retract anything
if I had said it. I have found a most accommo-
dating spirit on the part of the Secretary of the
Navy, and every officer in the Department whom
business has induced me to call upon. The most
obliging courtesy is manifested, and I am happy
to bear evidence to the fact. I intended no re-
flection by the remarks which I made.
Mr. MALLORY. I am glad to hear it; I cer-
tainly supposed the Senator did intend to say
that, on going to the Department, you could find
nothing; that the difficulty in procuring what
was desired, amounted to being in the hands of
the bureaus themselves.
Mr. HOUSTON. Not at all.
Mr. MALLORY. Well, sir, as the honorable
Senator professes to come here to give light and ;
knowledge to the American people upon the law
of last yeapj and the operations under it in retir-
ing, furloughing, and dropping officers, I would
like to have him inquire of himself for what pur-
pose a correcting hand was needed in the Navy.
Let him think of it seriously, in order that some '
food may result to the public. He has expressed j
is views on that subject. How ? Not by at- J
tacking the principles of the law; not by denying
the evils which existed and the remedy by which ,
it was sought to remove them; not by showing ;
any error m the execution of the law, for he has !
not touched on that subject, but by dwelling on
the character and previous conduct through eigh-
teen or twenty years—sixteen years certainly— S
of members of the board. In which attack he has
most signally failed. I should like to know how !
he would undertake to reverse the decision of
any tribunal in this country, if he should limit
his remarks to the characterof the judge. Would
he have a respectable audience in any county
court-house in the United States, if he commenced
his remarks to the jury by showing that the
judge who tried the cause was not a reliable
man, instead of applying the principles of the
law to the case in which he was engaged ?
Mr. President, it is not necessary for me to
defend Captain Du Pont. There he stands nobly !
and boldly. He never does take a second part
with those of his own grade in any position in
which he serves. I leave his defense as it has been
perfectly made out by the Senators from his own
State. The other members of the board are, '
however, entitled to defense at my hands; and I
shall always be ready to make it. I say here to
you, sir, that when these officers were called to
perform duty on that board, there was one uni-
versal response of joy from the Navy—certainly
I am safe in saying that more than four fifths of
the Navy were satisfied. If any man demurred
to the character of the board and to their stand-
ing in the Navy, it furnished very good evidence
why he should be retired or dropped. I know
very well personally that some officers who were
acted on by the board, expressed to me at the
time the most unbounded satisfaction at the se-
lection and gave me the assurance that, sift the
Navy as you might, irt> better board could be
found. But, sir, no matter what persons might
have been selected to constitute tne board, men
are never very well satisfied with the finding of
a tribunal that reflects on their own interests.
I shall not detain the Senate with any further
remarks at this time. I feel, sir, that the con-
duct of the men who have been assailed by innu-
endo and by a perversion of facts, is susceptible
of the clearest explanation consistent with honor
and-dignity. I think them entitled to the defense
ef every gentleman on this floor; still I cannot
but deplore that the Senate of the United States
should be occupied with a discussion of this kind
when questions so much graver and more mo-
mentous in their character are before us for dis-
cussion; but just so long as the Senator from
Texas shall choose to occupy the Senate by at-
tacks on these gentlemen, it becomes their friends
here, I apprehend, to show how the truth stands,
so that with the attack the antidote may go forth.
And now I throw down the gauntlet, as I did
before, to the Senator from Texas, not only in
reference to Captain Du Pont, but in regard to
every other member of the board, to show one
single official act of theirs, while in connection
with the board, that is not consistent with public
propriety.
Mr. HOUSTON. I ought to ask pardon of
the Senate for having presented any case to the
consideration of the Senate, or for having done
anything that would invalidate the action of this
board. I certainly owe an apology to the Senate
for having brought forward the case of Captain
Stribling, one of the prominent members of the
board, and for having shown the condition of his
ship. That was a great offense—one of grave
import, I know. As menaces are thrown out,
and as my course is animadverted on by the
honorable chairman of the Committee on Naval
Affairs, his remarks shall claim a due portion of
my attention hereafter. I know that it is the
highest compliment which 1 can pay to the chair-
man of that committee, and it will give me great
Eleasure to treat his remarks as I propose to do
6r6&ftcr
Mr. MALLORY. I hope the honorable Sen-
ator does not suppose that I apply menaces to
him personally, for he is the last gentleman in
the Senate, I apprehend, whom any one wpuld
undertake to menace. That is not my practice—
I never menace. I have simply thrown down a
challenge as to the official character and conduct*
of these gentlemen. He has alluded to Captain
Stribling', and I forgot to advert to that matter
before. And if I did not allude to it now, it might
perhaps be inferred that I agreed with the Sena-
tor from Texas. It is sufficient to say that Cap-
tain Stribling filed an official explanation of the
condition of nis ship; and that explanation, after
being thoroughly considered by the officer whom
the American people have placed in charge of
the Navy Department, was pronounced entirely
satisfactory. The honorable Senator undertook
to say that no ship of the United States ever
entered our ports in a similar condition. I ap-
prehend that he does not know 
Mr. HOUSTON. • 4 said that to my knowl-
edge there never was. I made a proper qualifica-
tion.
Mr. MALLORY. I happen to know other-
wise; and I can satisfy the Senator that he is not *
correct on that point. I simply put it to him
whether the condition of that ship, and the suffi-
ciency of Captain Stribling's explanation, are to
be inferred by the Senate from the Senator's judg-
ment, or that of the Secretary of the Navy.
Mr. HOUSTON. I will answer by saying
that the explanation bears upon its face a most
j direct acknowledgment of culpability on the
| part of the officer himself. He admits that he
has not performed his duty, but offers pretexts
and excuses which could not be allowed accord-
ins to my apprehension of naval duty.
The PRESIDENT. What motion does the
Senator from Texas submit in reference to the
disposition of the memorial which he has pre-
sented ?
Mr. HOUSTON. I move that it lie on the
table.
