1856.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
wn
Patrick, Foot, Houston, Iverson, James, Mallory, Pugh,
Kekl, Seward, Weller, and Wright—15.
NAYS—Messrs. Adams, Allen, Bayard, Bell of New
Hampshire, Benjamin, Bi?ler, Blight, Brown, Butler, Crit-
tenden, Dodge, Durkee, Fish, Geyer, Hale, Hamlin, Har-
lan, Jones of Iowa, Mason, Stuart, Sumner, Toombs,
Toucey, Trumbull, Wade, and Wilson—2$.
So the amendment was rejected.
Mr. IVERSON. I now renew the amendment
which I withdrew a short time ago, to strike out
the third section, and insert the provision allow-
ing- parol evidence.
Mr. PUGH called for the yeas and nays; and
they were ordered; and on being taken, resulted
—yeas 22, nays 18; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Bell of New Hampshire, Bell of Ten-
nessee, Biggs, Brown, Cass, Collainer, Crittenden, Fish,
Fitzpatrick. Half, Hamlin, Harlan, Iverson, James, Iteid,
Seward, Sumner, Toombs, Toucey, Trumbull, Wade, and
Wilson—22.
NAYS—Messrs. Adams, Allen, Bayard, Benjamin, Big-
lei, Brodhead, Dodge, Durkee, Evans, Foot, Geyer, Hous-
ton, Jones of Iowa, Mallory. Mason, Pugh, Stuart, Weller,
and Wnght—19.
So the amendment was adopted.
Mr. FOOT. The adoption of that amendment
renders the proviso of the seventh section unne-
cessary, and in fact inconsistent. I therefore
move to strike out that proviso, which is in these
words:
Provided, however, That in cases arising under this sec-
tion the Commissioner of Pensions be, and he is hereby,
authouzed to receive the affidavit, or other authenticated
statement or report, of any officer of the Army of the United
State*, m obedience to whose commands, or with whom,
such military service was rendered, if recorded evidence
thereof cannot be produced.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. FOOT. There was an amendment adopted
the other day, which was offered by my colleague,
[Mr. Collamer,] upon th': supposition of a con-
struction of the second section of the act of 1855,
which turns out, upon inquiry, to have been
otherwise than was supposed. That amendment,
therefore, under the construction now understood
to have been adopted by the Department, becomes
unnecessary, by common consent, without
moving a reconsideration of the vote by which it
was adopted, I ask that it be stricken out.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Wblldh.)
That correction will be made, if there be no ob-
jection. The Chair hears no objection.
Mr. ADAMS. I wish to offer an amendment,
to strike out of the proviso in the first section the
words, " properly granted,''* and insert, " ob-
tained by fraud." If that amendment be adopted,
I shall offer a similar one in the next section. I
wish those words stricken out, so that the proviso
will read :
Provided, nevertheless, That if upon a review of such
evidence the Commissioner of Pensions shall be satisfied
that the former certificate or wanant was obtained by
fraud, he may requiie additional evidence, as well of the
term a^ of the fact of service.
Mr. PUGH. The reason why I prefer the
language of the committee is, that we had this
phraseology now proposed before us, and we
* were satisfied that there might be cases which
would show on the face of the warrant that they
ought not to be granted, though no fraud might
have been committed. It seems to me that the
words, 44 properly granted," embrace all that the
gentleman from Mississippi can claim. I prefer,
therefore, that the language of the section should
be retained.
Mr. ADAMS. I am not disposed to make a
proposition to amend which will give rise to de-
bate; but I wish to explain, in a very few words,
why 1 offer this amendment.
We usually have a new Commissioner of Pen-
sions every four years. When a commissioner
has passed upon an application, and the proof
in us support, I desire that that shall stand as the
judgment of the Department unless some fraud
has been committed. I am willing, if any frauds
are discovered, that the commissioner shall set
aside the former action; but what is the practical
effect of such a provision as that contained in the
substitute of the committee?
I have known cases of this kind: An individual
made application for a pension, and it was granted
to him on his proof. He received it while he was
living, and by the law his widow or his children
are entitled to receive that pension, or a portion
of it, after his death. After a long reinvestigation,
■ the commissioner in office at the time of the re-
^ ^ investigation, comes to the conclusion that the
former commissioner granted the pension on
insufficient proof, and requires additional testi-
mony. No additional testimony was required of
the man while living; but when he is dead, and
when it is utterly impossible for his representa-
tives to produce additional testimony, it is re-
quired. If any fraud has been committed I am
willing that it shall be set aside; but I wish, when
a commissioner has once settled the question in
the Department, to let it remain, and not allow
each commissioner, when the case comes in to
reinvestigate it, and reverse the decision of a
tribunal—he being no higher than the one which
formerly decided it. That is my sole object in
proposing this amendment.
Mr. SEWARD. I hope this amendment will
not prevail. It must necessarily happen in a
business so complicated as that of the pension
bureau, that there will sometimes be misconstruc-
tions on both sides; and I think it is best either
to dispense with the Department altogether, or to
confide in it to do justice between the Government
and the people. In the honorable and responsible
post of a member of the Committee on Pensions
this peculiar case came to my knowledge only a
few days ago: A party had been receiving $250 a
year from the Government of the United States
for a very considerable period of years, upon the
ground that her deceased husband was in the
service of the Government in the revolutionary
war, and she applied for an increase of that com-
pensation. The Committee on Pensions referred
the subject to the Commissioner of Pensions.
There we ascertained, by a single scrap of writing,
a mere phrase, less than a sentence, contained in
the evidence found in tfie Department, that the
services for which the $250 a year was paid had
been rendered by the father-in-law of the party
who had received the benefit of it instead of the
father, both being of the same name. This was
discovered; and I suppose the idea of their light
may have been very honestly entertained by the
parties who solicited it. I do not see any neces-
sity for changing the law in that respect as long
as the commissioner is trustworthy; and if he is
not, we had better discontinue the system alto-
gether.
The^mendment was rejected.
Mr. FOOT. There is a verbal amendment
which is necessary in the sixth section, to insert
the words, "or Territory." That section now
reads:
Sec. 6. Jlnd be itfurther enacted, That the provisions of
the said act shall extend to all officers, non-commissioned
officers, musicians, and puvates of the militia or volunteei
forces of any State, who were mus-teicd into the military
service of the United States pur-oiant to any requisition or
call from a general officer commanding an army or mihtaiy
department of the United State*, m expectation of any
concerted insurrection of the Indians or armed invasion
from abroad.
I move to insert the words, " or Territory,"
after the word " State."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. PUGH. I move to amend the substitute
in the fifth section by inserting after the words,
"United States," the words, "or the revenue
cutters in service as vesselsof war or blockade."
1 have been shown a letter in the possession of
the Senator from Pennsylvania, by which it
appears that those who were on board revenue
cutters, although engaged perhaps in the blockade
of Vera Cruz, or other service, have not been
admitted under the language of the present law,
and the object of this amendment is to include
them. The section will then read:
Sec. 5. J3nd be it further enacted, That clerks and other
assistants ot qimitermastei-s, comnubbanes, payma^Uit.Sjand
surgeons, together with artificers, the servants of officers,
and other persons employed in oi about the camps of the
Aimy of the United States, and subject to military law, as
well as artificer, the bcivants of naval officers, and all
other persons employed on board of the armed vessels of
the United State®, ot the ievenue cutters in heivice a? ves-
sels of war or blockade during any of the wai  specified in
the first section of the act to which this is an amendment,
shall be entitled to the benefits of the said act.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. PUGH. The question now is on the
amendment of the committee as heretofore
amended, in lieu of the House bill. To this I pre-
sume there is no objection, as the amendment of
the Senator from Cfeorgia is the same as the
House bill.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on agreeing to the amendment of the Commit-
tee on Public Lands as amended.
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate as amended;
and the question was stated to be on cduciirring
in the amendments made as in Committee of the
Whole. , -
Mr. IVERSON. 1 renew the amendment which
I offered in Committee of the Whole, and which
was rejected, in relation to the mode of computa-
tion.
Mr. FOOT. The first question is on agreeing
to the amenamer^s made in the Committee ofthe
Whole, and, if that be done, then the Senator will
be in order.
Mr. IVERSON. I was too hasty, perhaps.
The amendments made as in Committee ofthe
Whole were concurred in.
Mr. IVERSON. I now offer my amendriient.
I do not propose to discuss it at all. It is to add
the following new section:
And be it further enacted, That where any company,
battalion, or legiment, in an organized form,marched more
than twenty miles to the place where they were mustered
into the service of the United States, or were discharged
more than twenty miles from the place where such com-
pany, battalion, or regiment was organized; in all such
ea^os, in computing the length of service ofthe officers and
soldiers of any such company, battalion, or regiment, under
the act entitled "An act m addition to certain acts gianting
bountv land to certain officers and soldiers who have been
engaged m the military service of the United States," ap-
proved 3d of March, 185), there shall be allowed one day
ibi evrry twenty miles fiom the place where the company,
battalion, or regiment was organized, to the place where
the same was mustered into the service of the United
States; and also, one day for every twenty miles from the
placc where such company, battalion, or regiment was
discharged to the place where it was organized, and from
whence it marched to enter the service.
Mr. ADAMS called for the yeas and nays; and
they were ordered.
Mr. PUGH. If the Senator will offer my pro-
viso in addition to the section, I shall have no
objection.
Mr. IVERSON. 1 do not remember it.
Mr. PUGH. The Senator accepted the pro-
viso when I suggested it last week.
Mr. IVERSON. I do not remember now what
it was. I remember that I acccpted some pro-
vision.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Secretary
will read the proviso.
The Secretary read it, as follows:
Provided, That such march was in obedience to the com-
mand or direction of the President of the United States, or
some general officer of the United States commanding an
army or department, or the chief executive officer of the
State or Tcrntoiy by which such company, battalion, or
regiment was called into service.
Mr. IVERSON. I have no objection to that,
and I will accept it.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It cannot be
altered now without unanimous consent, the yeas
and nays having been ordered. The Chair hears
no objection, however, to the modification. The
question is, therefore, on the amendment as
modified.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 39, nays 18; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Bell of New Hampshire. Biggs, Brown,
Crittenden, Fish, Fitzpatnck,Geyer, Hale, Hamlin, Iverson,
James, Mallory, Pusjh, Ileid. Sewaid, Suumer, Toombs,
Wilson,and Wnght—19.
NAYS—Messrs. Adams, Allen, Benjamin, Bigler, Brod-
head, Cass, Collamer, Dodge, Durkee, Evans, Foot, Har-
lan, Houston, Jones of Iowa, Stuait, Trumbull, Wade, and
Weller—18.
So the amendment was adopted.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. I do not intend to de-
tain the Senate; but I wish to call attention to the
fifth section as it now stands. If I understand
it, it is an extension of this donation beyond all
other laws, giving it to persons not embraced in
any previous law whatever; and, with this un-
derstanding, I wish now, as 1 presume it has not
attracted the particular attention of any Senator,
simply to read it, and then make a proposition
in relation to it. It reads:
Sec. 5. And be it further cnactcd, That clerks, and other
assistants of quartermasteis, commissaries, paymasters,
surgeons and assistant surgeons, together with artificers,
the seivants of officers,—
—these are all the various classes which are
designated—
and other persons employed in or about the camps of the
Army of the United States, and subject to military law,
as well as artificers, the servants of naval officers, and ail
other persons employed on board of the armed vesselsof
the United States during any of the wars specified in ffee
first section of the act to which this is an amendment, shall
be entitled to the benefits of the said act.
Now, sir, if I were to vote for that section, I
