906
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
—w. . . —  
eould not say to whom I had voted this bounty;
I could not describe the limits of it, nor could I
decide on the claims of applicants, it is so vague
and so uncertain. The gentleman from Michi-
gan [Mr. Stuart] supposes that the vagueness
and uncertainty of these descriptions are some-
what corrected by the phrase, "subject to military
Jaw." That itself_is an exceedingly vague re-
striction, and contributes but little to make cer-
tain that which was before ambiguous. Accord-
ing to the plain reading of the sentence, it will
be observed that that restrictive clause only ap-
plies to " other persons employed in or about the
camps of the Army of the United States." It has
no application to the preceding classes of clerks
and assistants.
After that vague and general description, they
go on—as if determined that nothing should be
omitted by the utmost generality of language—to
say, "and other persons employed in or about
the camps of the Army of the United States, and
subject to military law." Who is to be "sub-
ject to military law?" These " other persons?"
Ana other persons employed in or about tlie camps of
the Army of the United States, and subject to military law.
Does the reference of that clause go further
back than to the last general class which it de-
scribes ? The clerks are not subject to military
law, and nobody contends it. The assistants of
quartermasters, commissaries, and paymasters,
are entitled, but who else? All others employed
about the camp and subject to military law. This
is my view of the subject, and I thinkis the clear
interpretation of the clause. The clause, " sub-
ject to military law," has no relation further back
than " other persons." It was to make them a
little more certain that they are described as per-
sons who should be " subject to military law;"
but the vagueness is left altogether uncorrected as
to clerks and other assistants of quartermasters,
commissaries, paymasters, and surgeons, to-
gether with all others employed on board your
vessels. You have granted bounty heretofore to
all who were regularly employed in military ser-
vice on board your ships. They are already
entitled by former laws. Whom do you mean to
entitle, then, by addition? You describe them as
—of all other persons employed on board of the aimed vessels
of the United States during any of the wai^peeified in the
first section of the act to which this is an amendment.
Is the cook who is employed on board a vessel
for wages, as any other hireling, included ? I do
not know what class of servants, or what then-
number is, that may be included as " oliicers' ser-
vants."
I wish to have a reason for this. I desire to
be liberal in voting the public land to those who
have served their country; but I wish to lcstmin
it within some limit that shall give my liberality
the character of a public policy, ami not of a
wide and wasteful extravagance. ] desire to keep
within the reasons upon winch the policy of
granting bounty land to officers and soldiers rests.
I fear this goes beyond it. I would submit to
the honorable committee themselves, who have
biought in this bill, if there ought not to be some
correction hero? At least we ought to be told
more distinctly to whom it is we are called upon
to give the public kinds.
Mr. STuART. Mr. President, I appreciate
very fully the views of the honorable Senator
from Kentucky, and f can say to him with very
great pleasure, that they are my own. I will
state the ground on which the committee actcd;
and,if it is not satisfactory to him and to the
Senate, I hope the bill will be amended so as to
be made satisfactory. I call the attention of the
honorable Senator to the first section of the act
of 1855, to which this bill is an amendment:
" That each of the suivivmg commissioned and non-
oommisfexoBed officers, musicians, and pnvotos, whether of
regulars, volunteers, rangers, or militia, who were regularlv
t2iZrCtUU°- ^ sT1Ce,of the Umte<1 S^tes5 and every
ofiicer, commissioned and non-commissioned, seaman, or-
dinary seaman, marine, flotilla-man, elerk, and landsman in
the Navy, m any ot the wars in which this country has been
engaged sincc 1790, and each of the survivors of the militia
or volunteer, or State troops of any State or Territory'
cal ed into rotary service, and regularly mustered therein
ond whose services have been paid by the United States!
snail be entitled to receive a certificate or warrant from the
Department of the Interior for one hundred and sixty acres
otland."
The Senator will see that the word " clerk" is
made use of. The limitation is, that they shall
have been mustered into the service of the United
April 22,
States. That same limitation applies to the bill
which the Seriate now has under consideration.
They must have been mustered into the service
of the United States. As the original act stood,
and as the amendment of the committee stood, the
Senator will see that no one could acquire a right
under the act unless he could show his name to
be on the muster-rolls, and that he had been paid
by the United States.
It was stated to the committee that the clerks
of all the officers specified were subject to mili-
tary duty; that the wagon-masters, according to
military law, were liable to be called on at any
time when the commander thought proper; that
every individual named in this act, and every one
named in the bill amending it which the com-
mittee have reported, was subject to military duty,
and,as his name had to appear on the muster-
roll, the committee thought it sufficient. Now,
the Senator will perceive that, as the bill has been
amended by the Senate, it is not necessary that the
name should appear on the muster-roll to get the
bounty land. The field is wide open, and the
person has only to prove he was there somewhere,
and under some sort of a cognomen.
The words to which the Senator refers—" sub-
ject to military duty"—undoubtedly have the
limitation for which he contends, but the reason
is apparent. The individuals named in the section
are, by military law, subject to military duty;
and when the committee used the words, " other
persons employed in or about the camps of the
Army of the United States," they attached the
phrase, " subject to military duty," for the pur-
pose of creating the same limitation. As the bill
was reported by the committee, it was a safe lim-
itations—one which was to be determined by an
inspection of the muster-rolls; for no one of these
classes could draw bounty land unless his name
was on the muster-rolls, and unless he had been
paid by the United States. But the Senate, by a
vote to-day, have stricken out all that restriction,
and the subject is left wide open.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. The gentleman does
not understand me; or, ifhedoes.Ido not under-
stand him. All to whom donations are given by
tlie law to which he refers I do not propose to
disturb. If the committee did not desigtf to add
to that list by this fifth section, they intended
nothing. They did intend to make an addition
to the list of those who were to receive bounties.
How we shall have their names I do not know.
I read a parcel of descriptive words of various
classes, but whom they comprehend, or why they
comprehend them, I do not know.
Mr. STUART. I will statij to the Senator that
the committee were informed that the only class
of persons named in the section as it now stands,
specifically rejected at the Pension Office, were the
clerks of quartermasters; that the assistants and
clerks of all other officers and wagon-masters 
Mr. CRITTENDEN. There are no wagon-
masters mentioned in this bill. Take the bill as
it is.
Mr. STUART. I say it was understood that
they were embraced under the provisions of the
law of 1855.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. Let that all stand.
_ Mr. STUART. That was all understood. If
it is believed that the words " and other persons
employed in or about the camps of the Army of
the United States "are indefinite, I have no objec-
tion to an amendment. I have only stated the
ground on which the committee proceeded. It
was that, inasmuch as the names of all these per-
sons must appear on the muster-roll before any
man of them could draw bounty land, according
to the provisions of the act of 1855, to which this
is an amendment, and as these words did not
enlarge the specific provisions of that law, it
would be proper to use the language of this sec-
tion. That was my belief; but as the bill stands
now, as the Senate has amended it, undoubtedly
any man who can prove himself to have been in
or about the camp will be entitled to one hundred
and sixty acres of land. There is no doubt about
that.
Mr.PUGH. I think I can explain this matter
to the satisfaction of my friend from Kentucky,
or at all events, I shall endeavor to do so. The
original act contained a proviso which my friend
from Michigan did not read. It is a proviso to
the first section, ruj/l is in these words:
" That the benefits of this section shall be held to extend
to wagon-masters and teamsters who may have been em-
ployed, under the direction of competent authority in time
of war, in the transportation of stores and supplies."
We took that as designating not only those who
were in the service as soldiers, but those who
were employed about the camp for the transpor-
tation of the army, who were subject to military
law, and were exposed to all the perils of war,
and could be compelled to serve in case of an
emergency. j?hese men actually did serve; for
when an attack is made on the army or the camp,
the wagon-master is as liable to suffer as any sol-
dier, and he is also compelled necessarily to de-
fend ; and so of the teamster.
That being the case, our understanding was
that the act of 1855 did not confine itself merely
to the soldier, but extended to those who were
so connected with the camp that they were ex-
posed to all the perils of war, and bound to de-
fend it in case of attack. Then we proceeded to
add the fifth section, in order to perfect the de-
tails. We understood that some cases, certainly
as meritorious as these and within the same prin-
ciple and scope, had been rejected for lack of spe-
cific description. Now, who are these persons ?
" Clerks and other assistants of quartermasters,
commissaries, paymasters, surgeons, and assist-
ant surgeons." Who are they? They are in
the camp; they are connected with these depart-
ments; they are liable to serve and do serve; and
they are subject, while in the camp or with the
army, to military law. They are not compelled
to muster and parade, but they are subject to the
rules and articles of war; they are subject to mar-
tial law; they are bound to obey orders, and they
can be punished if they do not. The names' of
those clerks appear in the accounts of the quar-
termasters, commissaries, paymasters, surgeons,
and assistant surgeons, as filed in the Depart-
ments here; that is to say, their service appears
by record evidence.
So of the other assistants; the commissary,
quartermaster, surgeon, or paymaster, is allowed
for their service, and it is paid for on the voucher
of these people filed here. There is no difficulty,
therefore, of ascertaining beyond controversy,
without the aid of parol evidence, who they are;
and the only question is whether, if they served
with the army subject to military law, liable to
all the dangers of attack, and particularly in all
the perils of war, they shall be put on a footing
with the wagon-masters and teamsters, who are
like them, in the language of the Senator from
Kentucky,only "hirelings."
The section also includes "artificers." That
is the same case. It is known that the corps of
cavalry must have blacksmiths, and blacksmiths
are mustered. I believe their names appear on
the muster-roll; if not, they appear on the records
of the Quartermaster's Department. These per-
sons, as I said before, in case of emergency,and,
m fact, at all times in battle, areas ready to fight
as anybody else, and they do fight. The same
is the case with the servants of officers. There
is no question about them. You know very well,
sir, [Mr. Weller in the chair,] that every offi-
cer is compelled, before he draws pay for his ser-
vant, to put down the name and description of
the servant on the pay-roll, and it is there in the
Pay Department. We do not need parol evidence
for them.
Now, we come to " other persons employed in
or about the camps of the Army of the United
States, and subject to military law." I acknowl-
edge that the expression is general; it was de-
signed to be general; but it is limited by the
expression that they must be " subject to military
law:" that is to say, they must be liable, in case
of emergency, to fight. It is well known that
during the Mexican war there were connected
with the regiments of the regular Army some
splendid regimental bands; but when they got to
the Rio Grande, General Taylor took away all
their musical instruments, gave them guns, and
made them go into the ranks and fight. They
ought to be paid for it.
My friend from Missouri [Mr. Geter] sug-
gests that perhaps there may be some gallantry
in this case, and that the section would include
the washer-women of the camp. I think if wo-
men expose themselves to the dangers of battle,
they are as well entitled to bounty land as many
men who never went at all, and who expect to
establish their cases by parol evidence. For my
