260
appendix to the congressional globe.
[March 19,
34th Cong....1st Sess.
Kansas Contested Election—Mr. Hickman.
Ho. of Reps.
Mr. CLAYTON. Will the Senator withdraw
that motion to enable me to say a few words ?
Mr. HOUSTON. With pleasure.
Mr. CLAYTON. I perceive that, if I were
now to proceed to reply to the Senator from Texas,
as I propose to do, I should have an audience of
six Senators, one tenth of the body. He chose to
address the body to-day in the presence of a full
Senate and crowded galleries. I have no desire
to appear here for the purpose of display before
the galleries; but I do insist upon it that, when I
undertake to speak, I shall have a respectable
number of my brother Senators to hear me. I
shall not occupy the time of the Senate to-morrow
at much length, but I hope and trust that I shall
have an opportunity of vindicating the character
of the honorable and chivalrousgentleman whom
the Senator from Texas has made the peculiar
object of his animadversion. I move that the
Senate adjourn.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate
adjourned.
KANSAS CONTESTED ELECTION.
SPEECH OF HON. JOHN HICKMAN,
OF PENNSYLVANIA,
In the House of Representatives,
March 19,1856,
Closing the debate on the Resolution reported by him from
the Committee of Elections, authorizing the said com-
mittee to send for persons and papers in the Contested-
Election case from the Territory of Kansas,
Mr. HICKMAN said:
Mr. Speaker: The infirm state of my health
this morning leaves me little ground to hope that
I shall be able to address to this House the re-
marks I had intended to make; and nothing in-
duces me to occupy the floor at this time but the
connection of my name with the action of the j
majority of the committee and their report.
I wish, sir, to prefac* what I have to say with I
this single remark, that if sectional feeling, ;
usurping the seat of judgment, has entered into j
the consideration of this question, either upon the j
one side or the other, I regret it. It has no legit-
imate place here. As far as concerns myself, I
prefer to keep my mind entirely dispossessed of
any such bias, and to examine the proposition as
it stands affected by legal principle, the demands
of justice, and the precedent practice of both
branches of Congress.
I know there is disloyalty in our country—
a disloyalty bordering closely upon treason—but
with that, at present, I have little to do. I
leave it with the candid historian to give the im-
pressions of the present, or a future age, upon
the conduct of those implicated with it; with the
record which he must make up, I hope, in no
wise, to be involved.
It is a most singular fact, appearing throughout
this discussion, that the opponents of the resolu-
tion under consideration have been unable to har-
monize upon any common ground of resistance.
They have advanced no theory which they have
not speedily and unceremoniously demolished.
The positions assumed by the gentlemen from
Delaware [Mr. Cullen] Eftid Georgia, [Mr. Ste-
phens,] although received by their friends with
many marks of high favor and appreciation,
, were, upon the moment, successfully combated
and overthrown by the honorable gentleman from
Maryland, [Mr. Davis,] and he, at once, became
the laureled champion of their cause. They have
been utterly ruined by the raking fire from their
own butteries. Even the piece which the gentle-
man last alluded to, aimed with such unerrin"
certainty at his friends, was found charged with
such a powerful explosive, that, when he applied
the match, its recoil fairly prostrated him. Yes,
tsir, those resisting investigation are here now,
find jn full view of the country, unable to give us
any ground upon which they are willing to stand
will)out faltering. They are as
'* I'nz/.U.il as the Egyptians in their fog."
They wade a dead and stagnant pool; and
whenever they cast thc-ir net they draw forth but
a putrid careasc. If there be doubt with respect
to the law of the country by which the proposi-
tion before us is to be tested, then I prefer to take
the advice given by the Macedonian philosopher
to the orator, and appeal to the universal law of
justice or equity.
There is a question here which must be decided
—one which cannot be evaded or overlooked.
It is a question of startling and overpowering im-
portance. And I regret to say that l believe there
i are gentlemen here who have taken ground against
j us, who, at no distant period, will repent the po-
sition they have assumed. I will give my reasons
for believing so in the course of my remarks.
We have received the memorial of Governor
Reeder on his own behalf, and on behalf of his
people .asserting that popular sovereignty in Kan-
sas has been overthrown:
" That the law under which said pretended election [that
of General Whitfield] was held emanated from a Legislative
Assembly which the people and qualified voters of said Ter-
ritory protest and declare, through your memorialist, were
not elected by them, but imposed upon them by the force
of superior numbers of non-residents, who could pass no
law that would be binding on them, and whose clecuon and
action should not be sanctioned or recognized by this House,
because tliey are utterly inconsistent with the idea of re-
publican Government, and destructive of the plainest and
most undeniable civil and political rights."
We have received this memorial, and thereby
•admitted that there is a question to be settled,
and that there are those represented here who
have the right to demand an inquiry. Further,
you have directed your committee to investigate
it. W ill you now afford them the means to per-
form the duty you have imposed upon them; or
is this to be regarded as an idle and unmeaning
ceremony ? Are we to be met at every turn with
mala fides ?
Sir, it is a question of usurpation, and deeply
concerns every American citizen. It involves
the right of self-government in every part of our
country—in the States as well as in the Territories.
Can any Government of ours, independent or
subordinate, be subverted by force or fraud with-
out the means being left us to correct the wrong ?
Such is the naked question. Do the foundations
of republican Government rest, as we have here-
tofore supposed, upon a rock, or upon shifting
sand? As I look at it, no more important ques-
tion can engage the attention of the present Con-
gress, or the present age. I am instructed by the
gentleman from Maryland [Mr. Davis] to regard
the matter in this light; for I understand him
to assume substantially the position, that if the
Governor of Kansas gave certificates of election to
persons not legally elected to its Legislature, they'
are ipso facto a valid Legislature; or if the Presi-
dent of the United States recognized them, at any
period of time, as a Legislature, there is no power
in our Government capable of deciding they
were not a legal body. I shall be slow to believe
in this doctrine of the honorable gentleman. I
will never admit that there is a power behind the
State able to subvert it; or that the rights guar-
entied to the people of a Territory, by its organic
act, may be wickedly trampled down without
remedy. I should have mucn less confidence in
the virtue of self-government than I profess to
have, if I could admit that the sanction of a ter-
ritorial Executive, or that of the President of the
United States, given to acts of outrage, sanctified
them. The contest which we are called upon to
decide, as it presents itselfto us, is of right under
the law with that of force above the law.
I take this occasion to warn gentlemen of the
South, lest they permit themselves to be led away
by anything short of the merits of the present
controversy. I warn them not to allow any other
considerations than those of right and justice to
enter into the determination of the issue. If I
am not a " law-loving," I am, at least, a " law-
abiding " man. I will stand by the law, and sup-
port and defend it whenever and wherever I may
see it in danger. I ask other gentlemen to be
equally loyal. Sir, we of the North have stood
by the compromises of 1850. We have been in-
voked to do so; it was right, and we did so. I
appeal to gentlemen now, not to set us an exam-
ple of insubordination—teaching us to disregard
the law. I tell you, that if you sow such seed in
the North, it will fall in good ground, and bring
forth an hundred-fold.
I was opposed to the Kansas-Nebraska bill;
if I had been here I would have voted against it.
I was opposed to it, because it violated and
destroyed a solemn and long-subsisting compact.
I was opposed to it, because it was predicated
upon a lie. I was opposed to it, because it vio-
lated the pledges of the Democratic party. I
was opposed to it because it falsified the plighted
faith of the chief Executive to the people. But it
is enough for me to know that it has become a
law; I will abide by it. I will take it, as a wife is
taken, for better or for worse. I will vote against
a restoration of the Missouri compromise when-
ever such a proposition shall be brought before
this House; and I will tell you why I will do so.
I willdo so forthereason thattliat compromise has
been filched—basely and ignominiously filched
away. Ithasgoneintothearmsof the debauchee.
It has been deflowered, dishonored, and you can-
| not restore its sanctity or its purity. I will not
! again take it to my arms; I will not receive it back
again, to be again polluted. I will look upon it
rather as a thing once loved, but now lost forever.
; And, sir, I look forward to the day—I may not
live to see it; nay, sir, I will not live to see it; it
is coming—when those who were instrumental
in the perpetration of that act of wickedness
or folly will repent the deed in sackcloth and in
ashes. I ask that this prediction may be remem-
bered.
Sir, the supporters of that bill have proclaimed
to the nation that the Territories of the United
States are to constitute "a fair field," and that
there is to be " a free fight" there, between the
North and the South, to decide whether slavery
or freedom shall rule them. If the energy, the
enterprise, the active modes of life, the available
capital, and the numbers of the North, shall not
be able to compete successfully with their oppo-
sites in the South, and secure freedom to the Ter-
ritories, then I will admit that there is a vitality
and a power in slavery which we of the North
have never dreamed of. In my opinion, the Rep-
resentatives of the South in the Thirty-Third
Congress " have sown the fire, and they will
gather fire into their own garners."
The principle of "squatter"or "popular sov-
ereignty" underlies the act organizing the Tern
tory of Kansas. It constitutes, we have been
taught to believe, its most prominent feature. It
waa the main argument for the enactment proper,
as well as for the repeal of the compromise of
1820. "The true intent and meaning" of that
act is declared to be, " not to legislate slavery into
any Territory or State, nor to exclude it therefrom,
but to leave the people thereof perfectly free to
form and regulate their domestic institutions in
their own way, subject only to the Constitution
of the United States."
It will scarcely be denied, with the current
history of the legislation of 1854 so freshly in
our minds, that Congress professed to give sov-
ereignty, or the right of self-government, to the
settlers in Kansas. It was announced to the
people of the United States, that in emigrating to
Kansas this right would follow or welcome them
there. But I understand the gentleman from
Maryland [Mr. Davis] to contend that we cannot
inquire whether the people of Kansas have been
despoiled of this right or not. If I do not mis-
conceive his views in this respect, he maintains
this position, though the fact of usurpation be
clearly transparent—though it be admitted that
there has been a sheer robbery of the dearest
political immunities guarantied by Congress in
the organic act. Indeed, to give his argument the
weight he would wish it to have, he is forced to
declare, that there is no power to investigate a
case coming here circumstanced as the present
case, though sovereignty has been completely
crushed out. In plain words, he must contend
that we are bound to take any man professing to
represent the Territory, whether selected under
the law, or in violation of all law.
Sir, I enter my solemn protest against a doc-
trine so ruinous to, and subversive of, all rightful
government. It is such a plea as artarchy and
■wild disorder would be likely to invoke in their
defense. It has no place in my mind or my heart.
I say, that, with the open grant of sovereignty
contained in the organic act, and with the repeated
proclamations of sovereignty made by those who
invoked the enactment, the people of the Terri-
tory ought to demand it. I go further, and say,
if there be one man there who will not insist vpon
