1850.
THE CONGRESSIONAL. GLOBE.
mi
all that he says. I move that his memorial be
referred to the Committee on Naval Affairs
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. PEARCE. I present also the memorial
of Samuel W. LeCompte, 1'ate a commander in
the Navy of the United States, who has been
dropped from the Navy list by the action of the
retiring board. This gentleman says, that during
the early part of his career he performed all his
duties efficiently and faithfully. He admits, how-
ever, that his health is such that he is not now
efficient; but his inefficiency has not been occa-<
sioned by any demerit of his own. He was struck
with paralysis in 1830. He has never entirely
recovered, though he has been sufficiently better
at times to be employed on shore4uty; and during
the Mexican war he offered to take command, and
indeed to go as a volunteer, and wait until the
casualties of war should give him an opportunity
to fill a. vacancy. He admits that it would have
been right to place him on one of the reserved
lists; but he complains of the hardship of being
dropped from the service when, as he says—and
I incline to think truly—he has been guilty of 110
misconduct which has occasioned his inefficiency.
1 move that this memorial be referred to the Com-
mittee on Naval Affairs.
It was so referred.
Mr. BELL, of Tennessee. Mr. President, I
present the petition of Matthew F. Maury, a
lieutenant in the Navy of the United States. The
petitioner represents, in substance, that he has
been injured in his good name, and deprived of
valuableprofessionalprivilegeswithoutjustcause;
that the Navy has suffered detriment, and, in his
opinion, is likely to suffer still greater detriment,
by reason of the proceedings of the naval board
appointed by the Secretary of the Navy to carry
into effect the provisions of the late act of Con-
gress, "to promote the efficiency of the Navy."
The petitioner further represents that, in his
opinion, the officers of the board misinterpreted
the law in many of their-findings. He conceives
that the intention and true interpretation of the
law was not to retire or dismiss all the officers on
the Navy list who should be found incapable or
incompetent to perform all the duties which might
be assigned, at the discretion of the Navy De-
partment or of the Government at any time, to
naval officers, both ashore and afloat; for he
says that very few officers on tile Navy list would
be found to stand the test of so rigid a scrutiny,
and that but few officers of the Navy arc perfect
masters of every branch of art and science con-
nected with the naval service. He thinks that
the true interpretation of the law is, that the
board should only report all officers whom they
should find to be incompetent or incapable of
performing efficiently and promptly the duties
attaching to their respective officcs and grades,
and which may be assigned to them in the ordi-
nary administrative discretion of the Depart-
ment.
The petitioner states that he entered the Navy
of the United States in 1825; that lie has been in
the service, now, about thirty years; that during
that period he has been engaged in active service
upwards of twenty-two years; and that he has
never been tried for any offence, nor, to his
knowledge, has any accusation been made against
him. He further says that, during the whole
period of his service, he has devoted himself
zealously to the discharge of his official duties;
that, during the same period, except a temporary
disability incurred in 1839 by the capsizing of a
stage coach, while acting m obedience to the !
order of the Navy Department, he has held him- '
self fully competent to discharge his duties
promptly and efficiently, both ashore and afloat.
He further represents that the service ashore,
in which he has been engaged as superintendent
of the Observatory, was assigned to him without
any solicitation on his part, and that in the mean
time, and during the Mexican war, he applied
for active servicc at sea, but his application was
denied.
Under these circumstances,he conceives that the
sentence of professional degradation pronounced
against him by the late naval board, placing him
011 the reserve list, debarring him of all future
promotion, and subjecting him to the mortifica-
tion of seeing his juniors promoted over his head,
has not been deserved by him; that it is unjust
and arbitrary. He regards the procedure of the
board, in their various examinations and findings
so deeply affecting the character and professional
prospects of their brother officers,—conducted,
as far as he is^ informed, in secret, without any
notice being given of charges or accusations to
the parties concerned; without the obligation of
an oath or pledge of honor; without any record
of the grounds or specifications of the causes of
incompetency upon which they based their find-
ings, or of the votes given by tne respective mem-
bers for or against their finding, or any of those
checks usually resorted to in order to insure in-
dividual responsibility and prevent the operation
of the passions of jealousy, of personal hatred,
of selfisnness,—an outrage upon national justice,
and a violation of the spirit of all law.
The petitioner further states, that he does not
perceive that the board adopted any uniform rules
as to what should be held sufficient grounds or
reasons upon which to base a finding of incom-
petency for their own guidance; and that, if they
did adopt such rules, it is manifest they did not
adhere to them uniformly; and that each member
of the board was left at liberty to exercise his
own individual and irresponsible judgment as to
what he would consider sufficient ground upon
which to base a sentence of condemnation. He
believes that this i irresponsible course of the board
is well illustrated in his own case; for in what-
ever category of the particular reasons or grounds
on which, it may be supposed, the board acted in
their findings of incompetency he is placed, he
finds that other officers of the Navy, who were in
a less favorable situation than himself, have been
retained on the active list. For example: if he
was classed with those who have been regarded
as incompetent 011 the ground that ho had one of
his legs fractured or broken, he perceives that
other officers of the Navy, some of whom have
lost an eye and have been otherwise maimed, have
been differently treated; and that one officer of
the board who has had his leg twice broken, is
still retained on the active list. If he be classed
with those who ought to be considered as incom-
petent from the great length of time during which
they have performed no service at sea, he finds
that a member of the board has been retained on
the active service list who has been a much
longer period of time without having performed
any service at sea than himself. Again: if ho
be classed in the category of those who have
served at sea but a small portion of their time in
proportion to the whole time of their official
term, and for that reason ought to be presumed
to have shunned duty afloat, and should therefore
be found incompeten t, it appears that man y officers
who have done service at sea a much shorter
period of time in proportion to the term of their
official existence than himself, have not been
retired or dropped from the rolls.
He takes notice that the officers of the board,
in their findings, have been exposed to strong
temptations to do injustice to others, inasmuch
as the removal of every officer standing above
them 011 the register operated as a promotion
and advancement of themselves; and, while he
makes no charge that the members of the board
have been influenced by any such unworthy-
considerations, lie thinks it a matter which
should excite suspicion and invite investigation
that, of the three hundred and sixty-two officers
standing on the list above the junior member of
the board, one hundred and thirty-two were
found incompetent, and that, of the three hundred
and thirty-two standing below him 011 the naval
list, only forty-six were found deficient.
The petitioner further represents, that while he
acknowledges the superior obligations of the pub-
lic interest, and would, with the greatest cheer-
fulness and without a murmur, submit to the
sentence which has placed him on the reserved
list, or to any other personal sacrifice that may be
necessary to promote the efficiency of the Navy,
when he shall be found incompetent upon a fair
and proper investigation of his capacity to per-
form his duty promptly and efficiently, either on
shore or afloat, yet he protests against the finding
of the board in his case, by which he is pro-
claimed to the world as professionally incompe-
tent, and the door of future promotion closed
against him, without any specification of cause;
and he asks Congress to interpose, and to grant
him such relief as they may think proper; and he
demands that the officers of the board may be
called upon to confront liim, and to state where-
fore, ana for what reason, they have cast a stigma
upon his professional reputation.
I have thus stated the case submitted by Lieu-
tenant Maury; and now, Mr. President, I ask
the indulgence of the Senate to submit a few
general observations upon the subject brought to
our notice by the numerous memorials which have
been presented, complaining of the findings of th6
naval board. ; -
I do not concur with Lieutenant Maury iri all
the exceptions he has taken to the proceedings
of the board. The officers who composed it had
a very ungracious, delicate, and responsible task
devolved upon them, as all will acknowledge. It
was most dclicate and responsible, both as re-
garded their relations to their brother officers and
the duty which they owed to the country. From
the very nature of the case, they were exposed,
in the discharge of their duties, to strong tempt-
ation to subserve their own interest; and, how-
ever high they may have risen above such un-
oflicerlike and unworthy influences, they are still
liable to be suspected and unjustly taunted with
having yielded to them. In fact, I can scarcely
conccivc of an official station entitled on every
ground to greater forbearance, on account of any-
actual 01* supposed errors which may have been
committed, than the one in which the members
of the late naval board were placed. The mem-
bers of tlfcit board are not only entitled to forbear-
ance, but to a certain degree of protection against
unjust censure—to sympathy and support on the
part of Congress and the public, in regard to
every official act performed by it, however erro-
neous, unless they shall clearly appear to have
proceeded from selfishness, or from a disregard
of the obligations of caution and circumspection
with which they were bound to proceed in the
discharge of duties so deeply affecting the pro-
fessional character and reputation of their brother
officers, or from a spirit of wanton injustice.
Why, Mr. President, from the intrinsic difficul-
ties of the duties cast on that board, it could not
have been expected by Congress or the public,
that they could give universal satisfaction, or
that, from the defect of human judgment—from
the defect of knowledge or sufficient information
of the claims and pretensions of their brother offi-
cers, they were not liable to fall into error in some
cases. It could hardly have been anticipated, that
in the discharge of such a duty as that of inquir-
ing into, and canvassing the characters and quali-
fications of six or seven hundred brother officers,
and deciding upon their fitness or unfitness to
do efficient servicc in the Navy, the board would
not be liable to do gross injustice in some cases.
It could scarcely have fallen out otherwise, when
the members of the board were compelled to act
; chiefly upon such information as they derived
from their own personal or official association with
some of their brother officers, from the records of
the Department, and from the general character of
those of whom they had no personal knowledge.
If the board had proceeded, as some have sup-
posed it ought to have done, to conduct a scrutiny
into the character and qualifications of so great a
' number of officers by giving notice of accusations,
by taking proof by witnesses, I respectfully sub-
mit that it would have been a perfectly preposter-
ous undertaking. My friend from South Carolina
[Mr. Evans] suggests that it would have required
six years' time. Why, sir, in that mode of pro-
ceeding, each case would have come to be a sort
of State trial, enlisting the'sympathies of numer-
ous friends, producing great excitement, and could
not have resulted otherwise than rendering the
whole proceeding under the law abortive.
For the reason I have stated, Mr. President, I
am not at all surprised to find that the board has,
out of the great number of officers whose qualifi-
cations they had to scan, fallen into error in regard
to several worthy officers whose cases have been
i brought to my notice, and that, in some particular
1 cases, great injustice should appear to have been
done. I think the boaid in some instances have
been mistaken in point of fact; and that in a few
others, in which 110 question could have arisen,
they erred in their judgment as to the proper
finding. But I am not prepared to pronounce any
harsh judgment against the board for what they
have done in any case. I am disposed to impute
whatever errors the members of the board have
fallen into, to any of the numerous causes of
