1856.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
part, I am willing to vote t« give them' bounty
land, for I know they were of very essential ser-
vice in many eases to the soldiers. [Laughter.],
We now come to persona employed in the
Navy. The section includes " artificers, the
servants of naval officers, and all other persons
employed, on board of the armed vessels of the
United States." If a vessel goes into battle,I
take it that everybody on board of her is in the'
same degree of peril. It seems to me that the
cabin boy, whose life is just as dear to him as the
life of the commodore is to him, is in as much
peril as the commodore. If he does his duty and
serves his country in his department, however
humble, I say let him have as much bounty land
as the rest.
I acknowledge that there is one word in this
section which escaped my attention before, and
which may require to be stricken out. I mean
the word " during." I think it shosld be stricken
out, and the word " in" inserted, so that it will
read " in any of the wffrs specified." I under-
stand that the Pension Office have decided that
military services of this character—of wagon-
masters and teamsters—must have been rendered
not only during a war, but actually in war—not
always in battle, but at the place of war or where
military operations are carried on. With that
amendment, frhich I suggest, changing the word
" during" to " in," it seems to me this section is
in strict pursuance of the policy of the original
act; whether that was wise policy or not, I may
be permitted to doubt. I propose to amend the
section by striking out the word " during" and
inserting " in."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. IVERSON. This section is certainly ob-
noxious to the objection which the Senator from
Kentucky presented in relation to the persons to
whom the restriction " subject to military law"
applies. I think he is correct, and that, according
to the just interpretation of the section, that re-
striction applies only to those persons who were
" employed in oraboutthe camps of the Army,"
and not to the other persons named in the section.
I propose to strike out the words '' subject to mili-
tary law," where they occur, and to insertat the
•end of the section—
Provided, That all such persons were subject to military
law whilst engaged m service;
so that it shall read:
Sec. 5. Jlnd be it further cnarted, That clerks and other
assistants of quartern]asters, commissaries, and paymas-
ters, surgeons, and assistant surgeons, and other persons
employed in or about the camps of the army of the United
States, as well as artificers, the servants of naval officers,
and all other persons employed on board of the armed ves-
sels of the United States, or the levemie cutters m service
as vessels of war or blockade, in any of the wars specified
in the first section of the act to which this is an amendment,
shall he entitled to the benefits of said act: Provided, That
all such persons were subject to military law whilst engaged
in the service.
The amendments wereordered to be engrossed,
and the bill to be read the third time.
The PRESIDING- OFFICER. The question
is on the passage of the bill.
Mr. ADAMS called for the yeas and nays; and
they were ordered; and being taken, resulted—
yeas 23, nays 10; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Allen, Bell of New Hampshire, Bell of
Tennessee, liiggs, Bigler, Brodhead, Brown, Cass, Colla-
mer, Chittenden, Fish, Fitzpatrick, Foot, Halo, Hamlin,
Harlan, lverson, Mallory,Reid, Sewaid, Sumner,Toombs,
and Trumbull—23.
NAYS—Messrs. Adams, Dodge, Durkee, Houston, John-
sol^ Jones of Iowa, Pugh, Stuart, Wade, and Weller—10.
So the bill was passed.
PATENTS TO LANDS.
Mr. STUART. I ask the Senate to take lip a
small bill consisting of but a single section, winch
has been reported from the Committee on Public
Lands. It is to enable the States to perfect the
evidence of title. It is a measure to which there
is no objection. I move to take tip the bill (S. No.
238) to provide for issuing patents in certain
cases, where grants of public lands have been
made by Congiess.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate, as
in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to con-
sider the bill. -
It provides that, in all cases where any grant
of public lands has been made by Congress to
any State, for the purpose of aiding the con-
struction of any railroad, canal, or other similar
improvement, the State, or its grantees, shall be
entitled to receive a patent for all lands so granted,
upon producing satisfactory proof to the Secre-
tary ot the Interior that the conditions of such
grant have been complied with.
Mr. TOOMBS. What is the object?
Mr. STUART. Simply to issue the patents
as evidence of title where the terms of the grants
have been complied with.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, read the third time, and passed.
EXECUTIVE SESSION.
A message was received from the President of
the United States, by Mr. Webster, his Secre-
tary; and on motion of Mr. Hamlin, the Senate
proceeded to the consideration of executive busi-
ness; and after some time spent therein, the doors
were reopened, and the Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Tuesday, April 22, 1856.
The House met at twelve o'clock, m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. Daniel Waldo.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
The SPEAKER stated the first business in order
to be the consideration of the amendments of the
Senate to the deficiency bill, the pending question
being on concurring in the thirty-second amend -
ment, which is as follows:
For mileage to officers of the Army, for transportation of
themselves and baggage when traveling on duty without
troops or escort, ^6U,OUO.
In this amendment the Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union recommended a con-
currence, and on its adoption in the House the
yeas and nays were yesterday ordered.
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATION.
The SPEAKER laid before the House a com-
munication from the Secretary of the Treasury,
transmitting a report from the First Comptroller
of the Treasury in answer to a resolution of the
House of Representatives of 17th instant, requir-
ing information as to the amount of money paid
from tW& national Treasury for costs in criminal
cases, and on warrants to prevent breaches of the
peace in the District of Columbia; and whether
any legislation is necessary to protect the Treas-
ury against unjust claims on account of such
costs. The Comptroller states the total amount
so expended, for the year 1855, to be $61,886 66;
and that, in regard to the legislation necessary to
protect the Treasury against unjust claims in such
matters, the Secretary of the Interior had already
conferred with the Committee on the Judiciary.
The communication and accompanying docu-
ments were referred to the Committee on the
Judiciary, and ordered to be printed.
ENROLLED BILL.
Mr. PIKE, from the Committee on Enrolled
Bills, reported as truly enrolled " An act for the
relief of Mary E. Tillman;" when the Speaker
signed the same.
SURVEY OF THE OHIO RIVER.
Mr. KNIGHT. I ask the unanimous consent
of the House to offer a resolution.
Mr. BENNETT, of Mississippi. I object, and
call for the regular order of business.
Mr. KNIGHT. The resolution which I desire
to introduce, 1 deem to be of such importance
that I ask to have it read, and will move to suspend
the rules for the purpose of introducing it.
The SPEAKER. A suspension of the rules
is not now m order, but the resolution may be
read for information.
The resolution was reported, as follows:
Resolved, That the Committee on Commerce be, and are
hereby, instructed to inquue into the expediency of a scien-
tific examination and instrumental survey of the Ohio river
by the United States engineers or other commission, m be-
half and at the expense of the United States, so as to enable
such engineers or commission to report fully upon the
feasibility, commercial utility, and estimated cost of me
constructing of a dam and lock navigation on said r^ver,
suited to the trade anS travel upon the entire length of the
same, between the city of Pittsburg and the mouth thereof,
near Cairo; and also of the fea&ibihty, comparative com-
mercial nfihty, and estimated cost of improving the navi-
gation of the said river, to the extent aforesaid, without
dams and locks m its channel, except at Louiswlle, by the
method of a supply of water, when necessary, from res-
ervoir, recommended by Charles Ellett, Jr., civil en-
gineer, and published, by the Smithsonian Institution. The
navigation, in either ease, to be such, at all times, aj to
accommodate steamboats..drawing feet' of-water,"an<jj
otherwise suited to the wants of the trade ami gravel .tet
pass upon that river. The said engineers or commission
also to investigate at the same time and report the. fe>as$; 
height in the clear, above low water-mark, for. all bridges,
hereafter to be ereeted over the said river, and .the least
breadth of water way between the adjacent piers of such
bridges* m the channel, or where the navigation will prob-
ably be most concentrated.
Mr. BENNETT, of Mississippi. - I obicct*
Mr. PH£t*PS. I call for the regular order of
business.
DEFICIENCY BILL.
The question being on the thirty-second amend-
ment of the Senate, as reported above, to thede-'
fieiency bill, it was taken; and decided in the neg-.
ative—yeas 54, nays 73; as follows:
YEAS— Messrs. Aiken, Barclay, Hendley S. Bennett^
Bowie, Boyce, Branch, Carlile, Caskie, Bayard Clark,
Chngman, Howell Cobb, Cox, Craige, Crawford, Denver,'
Dowdell, Edmundson, Eustis, Faulkner. Goode, Green-
wood, Augustus Hall, J. Morrison Harris, Harrison, flaven,
Herbert, Kelly, Lumpkin, Maxwell, Smith Miller, Mill-
ward, Peck, Peuit, Phelps, Porter, Quitman, Ritchie,
Sewaid, Shorter, Talbott, Taylor, Thurston, Trippe, Tyson,
Valk, Walker, Warner, Wheeler, Whitney, Williams,
Winslow, WoodiufF, John V. Wright, and Zollicoffer—54.
NAYS — Messrs. Albright, Bingham, Bishop, Bliss, Bo-
cock, Brodhead, Brenton, Buffinton, Burhngame, John P.
Campbell, Chaffee, Ezra Clark, Clawson, Williamson R.
W.Cobb, Colfax, Cumback, Damrell, Henry Winter Davis,
Timothy Davis, Dean, Dodd, Emrie, Galloway, Grow, Har-
lan, Hoffman, Hollo way, Valentine B. Horton, Hughston,
George W. Jones, K>lsey, Knapp, Knowlton,Knox, Lciter,
Letcher, Lindley. Mace, McCaity, Kilhan Miller, Morgan,
Monill, Muuay, Nichols, Andrejv Oliver, Paine, Pelton,
Perry, Pruigle, Ready, Robbing, Robison, Ruffin, Sabine
Sapp, Savage, Scon, Simmons, Sneed, Spinner, Stanton,
Swope, 'Papuan, Thornigfon, Trafton, Underwood, Wade,
Walbndge, Waidron, Ellilrn B. Washburne, Israel Wash-
burn, Watson, and woodworth—73.
So the amendment was non-concurred in.
The thirty-tliird amendment of the Senate, in
which the Committee of the Whole on the state
of the Union recommended a non-concurrence,
was reported, as follows:
For transportation of the army, including baggage of
troops when moving either by land or water; of clothing,
camp, and gammon "equipage, and horse equipments, from
the depot at Philadelphia to the several posts and army
depots; of subsistence from the places of purchase, and
from the places of delivery under contract, to sueh places
as the cncumstances of the service may require it to be
sent j of ordnance, ordnanee stores, and small-arms, from
the foundeiies and armories to the arsenals, fortifica-
tions, frontier posts, and army depots; freights, wharfage,
tolls, and ferriages; for the purchase and hire of horses,
mules, and oxen, and the purchase and repairs of wagons,
carts, drays, ships, and other sea-going vessels and boats
for the transportation of supplies, and for garrison pur-
poses ; for drayago and cartage at the several posts; hire of
teamsters; uan*portation of funds for the pay and other
disbutsmg departments; the expense of sailing public trans-
poit-5 on the various avers, the Gulf of Mexico, and the At-
lantic and Pacific; and foi procuring water at sueh post5? as
from their situation requiw that it be brought from a dis-
tance, and for dealing roads and removing' obstructions
from loads, harboi-=i and rivers to the extent which may be
requned lor the actual operations of the troops on the fron-
tier, $-1,000,000.
Mr. PHELPS demanded the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the negative—yeas 49, nays 90; aa follows:
YEAS — Messrs. Barclay, Hendley S. Bennett, Bocdck,
Bowie, Boyce, Branch, Bayard Clark, Chngman, Howell
Cobb, Cox, Davidson, Denver, Dowdell, Edmundson,
Eusti<, Faulkner, Florence, Greenwood, Augustus Hall,
J. Morrison Harris, Harrison, Haven,Herbert,ICeitt,Kelly,
Lumpkin, Samuel S. Marshall, Maxwell, Smith Miller,
Orr, Peck, Phelps, Quitman, Itivers, {Swope, Talbott, Tay-
lor, Thurston, Tyson, Valk, Walker, Warner, Wells,
Wheeler, Whitney, Williams, Wmslow, John V. Wright,
and Zollicoffer—49.
NAYS—Messis. Albright, Bingham, Bishop, Bliss, Brad-
shaw, Brenton, Buffinton, Buriingame, Jamos H. Camp-
bell. John P. Campbell, Carlile, Caskie, Chaffee, Ezra
Claik, Clawson, Williamson K. W. Cobb, CoUax, Covode,
Ciagin, Craige, Crawford, Cumback, Damrell, Timothy
Dnvi«, Dean, Dodd, Edie, Emrie, Gallowav, Giddings,
Gilbert, Goode, Harlan, Hoffman, Holloway, Valentine B.
Horton, Hughston, Geoige W. Jones, Kelsev, Knapp,
Knight, Knowlton, Knox, Leiter, Letcher, Lindley, Mace,
Matteson, McCarty, Kilhan Miller, Millward, Morgan,
Morrill, Mott, Murray, Nichols, Norton, Pame, Pelton,
Pennington, Pcrty, Pcttit, Pringle, Ready, Robbing, Robi-
son, Ruffin, Sabin, Sapp, Savage, Scott, Seward, Shorter,
Simmons, William Smith, Sneed, Spinner, Stanton, Thor-
ington, Trafton, Trippe, Underwood, Wade, Walbndge,
Waldion, Ellihu B. Washburne, Israel Washburn, Watson,
Wood, Woodruff, and Woodworth—90.
Sq. the amendment of the Senate was non-con-
curred in.
The thirty-fourth amendment of the Senate, in
which the Committee of the Whole on tjie state .
of the Union recommended a concurrence, was
reported, as follows:
Foi defraying the expenses of the Supreme, circuit, ami
district courts of the Umted'Sfat^s, including the District
