187*2
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
August 1.
V>y amajority of the committee, becuse they were
said to have been found in Lawrence, bat which
are shown in the report of Mr. Oliver.
Wow, sir, after resorting to the testimony of
the contestant to sustain him and themselves, the
House will hardly be surprised to find that the
election returns of the election of the 9th October,
which I had demanded in Kansas, and which were
tier, refused to me, have been by this committee
introduced as part of the testimony procured by
them. They nil two hundred and twenty-two
pages of this document, from page 607 to 829, and
thirteen pages of their report, from 46 to 59. No
testimony has ■been talc en to prove the votes given
at that election were valid. Many of them may
be merely fictitious; no such persons may have
been in existence. The only shadow of proof is
the certificate of James H. Lane, who never was
examined as a witness. No proof whatever was
taken in relation to the genuineness of these polls,
or the right to vote. I was deprived of all oppor-
tunity to examine into this matter.
Now, sir, I ask if such a proceeding could be
tolerated for one moment in the Legislature of
any State in this Union ? This committee have
not scrutinized the poll-books of the elections held
by the law of Congress on the 30th March, 1855,
but have substituted for scrutiny vague and loose
testimony of a general character, not directly
touching the rights of the voters to vote. They
assume that there wasfraudat this election,hold
the regular government to be vitiated, and the
law under which I was elected to be void. They
do not deny tliat I had a majority at the election
on the 1st of October, but they hold that the law
authorizing the election is void, because they hold
the election of the 30th March, 1855, to be fraudu-
lent; and, after this, they assume the election of
Jthe revolutionary party to be valid, without one
particle of proof to sustain it, without permitting
it to be scrutinized, and, by the management I
have described, deprive me of the opportunity of
showing how fraudulent and baseless the preten-
sions founded on this document are.
. There is one matter connected with the action
of this committee, to which I desire particularly
to call the attention of the House and of the
country, because it furnishes the most convinc-
ing proof that the majority of the committee did
rule notconsider themselves bound by anyjudicial
or by the law of evidence; but considered that
they had a mere political duly to perform, in view
of an approaching presidential election. During
the progress of their investigations, while in Kan-
sas, they took the deposition of Pardee Butler
in reference to matters that have occurred since
the passage, by this House, of the resolution by
which the committee was raised—thus opening
the door to an investigation certainly not con-
templated by the House. Supposing myself en-
titled to go into matters of the same character, I,
too, offered evidence of that kind, by which I
proposed to prove other things of a startling
character, which would have shown some of the
grossest outrages on the part of those who call
themselves the free-State party. Judge of my
surprise, then, when I found that the majority
of the committee refused to receive this evidence
offered by me, notwithstanding they had taken
the deposition of Butler. Of course, [ was then
driven to the necessity of insisting that, if my
evidence was rejected, that of Butler should be
also. A demand so manifestly right could not
be refused, and the committee agreed that the depo-
sition of Butter should be suppressed, and not made
part of their report. But m the face of this, I
now find Butler's deposition among' the papers com-
posing the report of the majority ! at page 960. Is
this fair' Is it right? Is it just towards me, or
the people of Kansas, or the country' I leave
the House and the country to decide. I should
probably violate the rules of this House if 1
were to characterize such conduct in the terms
which it deserves.
A few words more about the repoit of the
committee". It will strike all just minds with sur-
prise to find that the majoiity of the committee
have embodied in their report a good deal about
the pro-slavery societies of Kansas, and have not
said one word about the secret societies of the
free-State party. And it especially does so, when
it is a notorious fact, that the means proposed to
be resorted to by the pro-slavery men were peace-
able only, while those of the free-State men were
revolutionary—-threatening a resort to bloodshed.
For proof of this, I refer to the testimony of
Laughlin and France.
I pass to the recommendation, that the contest-
ant, Reeder, is entitled to the seat. His preten-
sions are founded on the allegation that the Le-
gislature of Kansas was fraudulently elected, and
therefore, by revolutionary action, the people of
Kansas had the right, without law, to elect a Dele-
gate to represent them in this Congress.
I must here recur, siv, to the statement of the
committee, that on the 30th May, 1854, when the
bill passed, there were but few people in Kansas,
and to the fact that the census of February, 1855,
shows that a majority at that time had been resi-
dents of slave States. Who, then, are the people
of Kansas, who are said to have been so wronged
and oppressed, that a violent revolution was
necessary to protect them ? Sir, they are men who
came into the Territory, mostof them within six
months prior to the 15th of August, 1855, when this
revolutionary action commenced, all of them with-
in eighteen months, for settlers of eighteen months
were the oldest inhabitants of Kansas. Few or none
of them had possessions, for all were squatters on
the public land; and clearly they were men who
saw there were difficulties m Kansas, and rushed
there to take part in them. By no process of
reasoning can they be assimilated to a. people
oppressed at their hereditary homes and firesides;
they were all men who went to Kansas seeking
a quarrel, and now, when they have failed in this
contest of their own seeking, they are calling on
Hercules to help them. If we judge from their
leader, we should be authorized to say they were
residents only for the purpose of strife and con-
tention. This leader went to Kansas in the high
position of Governor, but he never became a resi-
dent—he never took his family there. We find
him recognizing the Legislature as lawful up to
the 15th of August, 1855. On the 30th of August
j1 we find him in Kansas City, with his trunks
>• packed, ieady to leave unless he could be made a
candidate for Congress. I refer to the deposi-
'i tions of Marcus J. Purrott and others. When
questioned by his friends as to las residence, his
replies were so unsatisfactory, that they, Parrott
jj and Lane, both doubted his residence; yet, on
h the 6th of September, resolutions, proved to be in
the handwriting of this man, urging the people
j to revolution and bloodshed and resistance of the
Jilaws, aie passed ut the Big Springs, and he is
j' nominated as thetr candidate for Congress. With
these proceedings there came on boxes of arms,
j'and in this armed resistance to the laws com-
:! menced all the violence and effusion of blood in
|! the Territory.
ji Now, sir, if you reward these men for their
j' conduct and sustain them m their revolutionary
1 course, you seta precedent which strikes at all
■; government in this land, and which, if continued,
:i will burst the bonds of every Slate government
in the Union, and bring anarchy, bloodshed, and
J j devastation into every community in our country,
jj In most of the States of this Union, portions of
!, the people are dissatisfied with some of your laws
".J and institutions; they may regard some of your
I j laws as too severe. Tell them by the authority
!i of Congress that, if they so regard them, they
j! have the right, on their own concerted and com-
ji bincd action, to set them aside; that if they
;i make this effort the sympathies of Congress will
j, be with them. The regular election laws of the
!; State will be piesumed fraudulent; revolutionary
documents will be taken without question, and
|| you will lay the ax at the root of all govern-
, j ment. Sir, if you adopt this policy, you cannot
S; escape these consequences. They must, inevi-
1 tably, come upon the country.
j; I have thus, Air. Speaker, more at length than
jl I could have desired, laid before the House the
views I entertain of the question before it, arid of
j, my right to the seat I now hold. And I have
jj endeavored to do it with calmness, and without
;i passion, because I wish to appeal only to the
jj judgment ol those who hear me. I know how
i easy it is to arouse the feelings of gentlemen j
here in reference to matters arising out of this j
■ i contest; but that I would avoid if possible. And i
1 I beseech the House not to forget, that in the set- |
' tlement of great public questions, its own dignity |
I as well as the welfare of the nation requires that i
: it should be both calm and just—the former that I
, its judgment, and not its passions may prevail; '
and the latter that its example may tend to restore
harmony and concord throughout the country.
But there is one matter, Mr. Speaker, which I
could not pass over without doing violence to my
own feelings—I mean the course in reference to
these matters which the President of the United
States has deemed it his duty to take. No man
ever had a more difficult tflsk to perform—one
which required a more careful exercise of discre-
tion and prudence. And yet, in my judgment,
he has performed it in such a way as to entitle
himself to the respect and admiration of the
whole country. Past Presidents have had diffi-
cult questions to adjust in reference to foreign and
domestic policy; but few of them, and perhaps
none, have had to deal with such a question as he
has. It is complicated in every way. The ques-
tions that have embarrassed our relations with
England are absolutely insignificant compared
with it; for if we should be unfortunately en-
gaged in war with that great Power, we should
present to the world a united nation of brethren.
As it is, however, in reference to Kansas, the
country is divided into angry parties, and every
element of discord is excited. And yet, amidst
the whole of this, the President has borne him-
self like a patriot of enlarged and national views;
and having looked only to the honor and glory of
the whole nation, may have the proud satisfaction
of knowing that he has done his duty. I honor
him for his course; and the people of Kansas,
ajDpreciatinghisintegrity of motive, have already,
without regard to party, also applauded him.
As he has spared no necessary efforts to put a
check to the rein of fanaticism, so he has spared
none, and will spare none, 1 am sure, to defend
the integrity of the Union, and secure a just obe-
dience to law.
A few words more, Mr. Speaker, and I shall
have done. I am here as the representative of
an enterprising and intelligent community—of
men who have disdained the refinements and
luxuries of more polished life, and are content
with the humble roof and rude accommodations
of a " squatter" cabin. Around their rustic
homes their affections cluster with no less ear-
nestness than do yours, sir, around your own
home,in theancientand honored Commonwealth
of your nativity. Go there, and you will already
find our broad prairies studded with simple and
unpietending cottages, while the strong arms of
our people are engaged in redeeming the rich
plains from the dominion of nature, and making
"the wilderness blossom as the rose." Who
would not be proud of such a constituency ? Eu+
the honest pride I feel in being their representa-
tive would be changed into bitter mortification,
if I, as the Delegate of their choice, should be
driven from this Hall. Yet 1 cannot believe, sir,
that the American House of Representatives can
perform an act so at war with all that is repub-
lican in our institutions. I choose rather to flatter
myself with the idea that the asgis of the Consti-
tution is thrown around us all, protecting- every
portion of the country alike, and especially shield-
ing from violation the sacred right of represent-
ation. I would rather indulge the hope, that, by
a faithful observance of the strict principles of
justice, there may be nothing done in this case
that shall weaken the bonds of attachment be-
tween the different parts of our Union; but that
its arms may soon be opened to embrace the
young and thriving State of Kansas, that a new
star may glitter on its flag, and that another Com-
monwealth may take its place amongst the Amer-
ican sisterhood oi States.
Mr. Whitfield's hour having expired, he
asked leave to continue his remarks.
Mr. THORINGTON. I have no objection
to the gentleman having the balance of his re-
marks printed, but I do object to his proceeding
further.
Mr. HOUSTON. The reading of the argument
of Governor Reeder occupied a good deal over
an hour. I suppose it must have occupied an
hour and a half; and now I ask gentlemen if it
is fair to shut out the sitting Delegate from the
same privilege ?
The SPEAKER pro tempore, (Mr. McMullint
in the chair.) The gentleman from Alabama is
mistaken. The Chair understands that Mr.
Reeder's communication did not occupy an hour.
It wanted five minutes of an hour.
Mr. HOUSTON. The Chair is misinformed.
