998
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 22,
of Columbia; also for jurors and witnesses in aid of the
fonds arising from fines, penalties, and forfeitures incurred
in file fiscal year ending the 30th of June, 1856, and pre-
vious years ; and likewise for defraying the expenses of suits
in which the United States are concerned, and of prosecu-
tions for offenses committed against the United States, and
for the safe-keeping of prisoners, $*200,000.
Mr. STANTON demanded the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. CRAWFORD stated that his name was
not recorded in the Globe as having voted yes-
terday on the amendment of the Senate in refer-
ence to the Washington aqueduct. He voted in
the negative, and desired to have the Journal cor-
rected, if his name did not appear on the record.
The SPEAKER stated that the gentleman's
name was entered on the Journal as having voted
in the negative.
The question was taken on the thirty-fourth
amendment; and it was decided in the negative—
yeas 61, nays 70; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Aiken, Barclay, Bocock, Boyce, Branch,
Brooks, Burnett, Carlile, Caskie, Chngman, Craige, Ciaw-
ford, Henry Winter Davis, Denver, Dowdell, Edmund&on,
Elliott, Faulkner, Florence, Goode, Greenwood, Augustus
Hall, Harrison, Haven, Herbert, Keitt, Kelly, Ktdwell,
Lake, Letcher, Lindley, Lumpkin, Samuel S. Marshall,
Maxwell, Smith Miller, Nichols, Paine, Peck, Phelps,
Porter, Ready, Rivers, Roberts, Ruffiii, Scott, Shorter,
William R. Smith, Spinner, Swope, Talbott, Taylor, Thurs-
ton, Tyson, Valk, Walker, Warner, Wells, Wheeler, Wil-
liams, John V. Wright, and Zolhcolfer—61.
NAYS—Messrs. Albright, Bingham, Bliss, Bradsbaw,
Brenton, Butfinton, Burhngame, Chaffee, Clawson, Wil-
liamson K. W. Cobb, Covode, Cragin, Cumback, Damrell,
Timothy Davis, Dean, Dodd, Emne, Galloway, Giddings,
Gilbert, Giow, Harlan, Hollo way, valentine B. Hoiion,
Hughston, George W. Jones, Kelscy, Knapp, Kmsrht,
Knowlton, Leiter, Mace, Matteaon, McCairy, Killnm
Miller, Morgan, Morrill, Mott, Murray, Pelton, Pennington,
Pettit, Pnngle, Puryear, Reade, Robbms, Robison, Sabin,
Sapp, Savage, Seward, Simmons, William Smith, Sneod,
tan ton, Tappan, Thormgton, Trafton, Tiippc, Wade,
Wakeman, Walbrulge, Waldron, Ellihu B.^ Washbume,
Israel Washburn, Watson, Wood, Woodruff, and Wood-
worth—70.
So the amendment of the Senate was non-con-
curred in.
The thirty-fifth amendment of the Senate, i,n
■which the Committee of the Whole on the state
of the Union recommended a concurrence with
an amendment, was reported, as follows:
For the collection of agricultural statistics, investiga-
tions for promoting agriculture and ittral economy, and the
procuiement and distribution of cuttings and seeds, to be
expended under the direction of the Commissioner of Pat-
ents, ^20,000.
The amendment reported by the committee was
to strike out " $20,000," and insert " $30,000."
The question was first upon the adoption of
the amendment.
Mr. H. MARSHALL demanded the yeas and
nays.
Mr. PHELPS, f would suggest to the gen-
tleman not to call the yeas and nays until tiie
amendment shall have been acted on. I will then
go with him for the yeas and nays upon concur-
ring in the Senate amendment.
Mr. MARSHALL. I would say to the gen-
tleman from Missouri, that it is upon tins very
proposition to increase the appropriation that I
want the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
The amendment was agreed to; and the ques-
tion was then upon concurring in the Senate
amendment as amended.
Mr. PHELPS demanded the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the affirmative—yeas 105, nays 32; as follows:
YEAS —Messrs. Albiight, Hemiley S. Bennett, Bing-
ham, Bowie, Bradbhaw, Brenton, Brooks, Buffinton, Bur-
lingame, Burnett, ChalFee, Ezia ClaiX, Clawson, Chng-
man, Colfax, Covode,Ciagin, Cumback, Damrell, Timothy
Davis, Denver, Dodd, Edmundson, Elliott, Emne, Lu. tis,
Evans, Florence, Galloway, Giddings, Gilbert, Greenwood,
Grow, Augurs Hall, Harlan, J. Mornson Hams, Thomas
Ij. Harris, Hairison, Haven, Hoffman, Holloway, Valentine
B- Horton, Hughston, Keitt, KcJsey, Knapp, Knight,
Knowlton, Knox, Kunkcl, Lumpkin, Samuel S. Marshall,
Matteson, MeCarty, Killian Miller, Miliward. Moigan,
Morrill, Mott, Murray, Andiew Oliver, Orr, Peek, Pelton,
Pennington. Pettit, Porter, Pringle, Put year, Ready, Rivers,
Robbing, Robeits, Robison, Sabm, Sandidge, Sapp, Scott,
Shorter, Simmons, William R. Smith, Spinner, Stanton,
Talbott, Tappan, Taylor, Thorington, Thurston, Trafton,
Ty^on, Underwood, Valk, Wade, Wakeman, Walbridge,
Waldron, Ellihu B. Washbume, Israel Washburn, Wells,
Whitney, Williams, Wood, Woodruff, Woodworth, and
John V. Wright—105.
NAYS—Messrs. Aiken, Barclay, Bocock, Boyce, Branch,
John P. Campbell, Caskie, Williamson R. W. Cobb, Cox,
Crawford, Davidson, Henry Winter Davis, Dean, Dow-
dell, Goode, George W. Jones, Kelly, Leiter, Letcher,
Lindley, Humphrey Marshall, Smith Miller, Paine, Phelps,
Ruffin, Savage, William Smith, Sneed, Trippe, Warner,
Wheeler, and Zollicoffer—32.
So the amendment of the Senate, as amended,
was concurred in.
The thirty-eighth amendment of the Senate,in
which the Committee of the Whole on the state
of the Union recommended a non-concurrence,
was reported, as follows:
For repairs of Pennsylvania avenue, $0,000.
The question was taken; and the amendment
of the Senate was non-concurred in.
The thirty-ninth amendment of the Senate, in
which the Committee of the Whole on the state
of the Union recommended a non-concurrence,
was reported as follows:
For taking care of the grounds south of the President's
House, continuing the improvements of the same, and
keeping them in order, $3,000.
The question was taken; and the amendment
of the Senate was non-concurred in.
The forty-first amendment of the Senate, in
which the Committee of the Whole on the state
of the Union recommended a concurrence, was
reported as follows:
For continuing the grading and planting with trees the
unimproved portions of the Mall, $10,000.
The question was taken; and the amendment
of the Senate was concurred in.
The forty-fourth amendment of the Senate, in
which the Committee of the Whole on the state
of the Union recommended a non-concurrence,
was reported as follows:
For placing the sewer openings along Pennsylvania av-
enue under the footway, and trapping the same, $8,000.
The question was taken; and the amendment
of the Senate was non-concurred in.
The forty-sixth amendment of the Senate, in
which the Committee of the Whole on the state
of the Union recommended a non-concurrence,
was reported, as follows:
For the purchase of tiees and tree-boxes, $'5,000.
The question was taken; and the amendment
of the Senate was non-concurred in.
Tiie forty-seventh amendment of the Senate, in
which the Committee of the Whole on the state
of the Union recommended a non-concurrence,
was reported as follows:
For repairs of the navy-yard and upper bridges of the
eastern branch of the Potomac nver, «jj'o,000.
The question was taken; and the amendment
of the Senate was non-concurred in.
The forty-eighth amendment of the Senate, in
which the Committee of the Whole on the state
of the Union recommended a concurrence, was
reported, as follows:
For finishing the portico and exterior of the west wing
of the Patent Office building, to pay the reservations due,
put up lion railing, and lay down the necessary flagging
and pavement^,$Jo0,000.
Mr. PHELPS. In reference to that amend-
ment, I have marked upon my list that a separate
vote was demanded on it, but I think the demand
was afterwards withdrawn. That is an appro-
priation required, in order that the western wing
of the Patent Office may be speedily completed.
The SPEAKER. The Chair is informed that
the demand was withdrawn, but afterwards re-
newed by another gentleman.
Mr. PHELPS. Then I have only to say, that
I hope the amendment will be concurred in.
The question was taken, and the amendment
of the Senate was concurrcd in.
The fiftieth amendment of the Senate, in which
the Committee of the Whole on the State of the
Union recommended a non-concurrcnce, was re-
ported, as follows:
For completing the marine hospital at St. Marks, Florida,
$12,000 m addition to the sum already appropriated.
The question was taken; and the amendment
of the Senate was non-concurred in.
The fifty-first amendment of the Senate, in
which the Committee of the Whole on the state
of the Union recommended a non-concurrence,
was reported, as follows:
Sec. 2. Jlnd be it f wilier enacted, That the joint resolu-
tion of Congress " to fix the compensation of the employes
in the legislative department of the Government, and to
prohibit the allowance of the usual extra compensation to
such as receive the benefits thereof," approved the 20th of
July, 1854, and the provision m the act of 3d March, 1855,
which authorizes the application of the benefits of said
resolution to apply to th^librarian and assistants, and mes-
senger in the library of Congress, bo so constiued as to
allow them twenty per centum upon the compensation pro-
vided by the seventh section of the act of 4th August, 1854,
making appropriations for the civil and diplomatic expenses
of Government; and the said joint resolution shall not be
construed to apply to the public pnnter for cither branch of
Congress; and that so much of the act approved the 3d of
March, 1855, as requires all blank-books, binding, and ruling
for the several Executive Departments shall be furnished
jgiftder the direction and supervision of the Superintendent
of Public Printing, be, and the same is hereby, repealed
Mr. HAVEN demanded the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the affirmative—yeas 67, nays 62; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Aiken, Bingham, Bradshaw, Buffinton,
Burhngame, Ezra Clark, Colfax, Covode, Cox, Cumback,
Henry Winter Davis, Henry M. Fuller, Galloway, Giddmgs,
Greenwood, Harlan, J. Morrison Harris, Harrison, Haven,
Herbert, Holloway, Valentine B. Horton, Hughston, Knight,
Knowlton, Knox, Kunkel, Lake, Lindley, Humphrey Mar-
shall, Kilhan Miller, Morgan, Morrill, Murray, Paine, Peck,
Perry, Pettit, Pringle, Puryear, Reade, Ready, Rivers, Rob-
erts, Robison, Sabin, Sapp, Scott, William R. Smith, Sneed,
Stanton, Thormgton, Thurston, Trafton, Trippe, Tyson,
Underwood, Wade, Walker, Ellihu B. Washbume, Israel
Washburn, Watson, Whitney, Wood, Woodruff, Wood-
worth, and Zollicoffer—67.
NAYS—Messrs. Albright, Barclay, Hendley S. Bennett,
Bliss, Bocock, Boyce, Brenton, Burnett, Caskie, Chaffee,
Clawson, Chngman,Williamson R. W. Cobb, Cragin, Craw-
ford, Damrell, Davidson, Dean, Dodd,, Dowdell, Ellnott,
Emne, Florence, Gilbert, Goode, Grow, Augustus Hall,
Thomas L. Harris, George W. Jones, Kelly, Kelsey, Kid-
well, Knapp, Leiter, Letcher, Lumpkin, Mace, Samuel S.
Marshall, Matteson, MeCarty, McMuUin, Smith Miller,
Mott, Nichols, Norton, Orr, Pennington, Phelps, Quitman,
Bobbins, Ruffin, Sandidge, Shorter, Simmons, William
Smith, Spinner, Tappan, Walbridge, Warner, Wells,
Wheeler, and John V. Wright—62.
So the amendment of the Senate was concurred
in.
The fifty-fifth amendment, in which the Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union
lecommended a non-concurrence, was reported,
as follows:
Sec. 6. Jlnd be it further enacted, That the provision in
the act of July 27,1854, entitled "An act to increase the
salanes of executive and judiciary officers in Oregon, New
Mexico, Washington, Utah, and Minnesota," which de-
claies that the salary of the Governor of New Mexico be,
and the same is hereby, increased to the., sum of $3,000,
shall be construed by the accounting officers of the Treas-
ury to be the full salary of that officer as Governor and as
Superintendent of Indian affairs.
The question was taken; and the amendment
of the Senate was concurred in.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. Mr, Speaker, I
move to reconsider the vote by which the fifty-
first Senate amendment was concurred in. The
previous question has been exhausted, and I will
now merely state, first, the provisions of that
amendment. It extends the benefits of the act
granting twenty per cent increase of compensation
to the employes in the legislative department of
the Government," to the librarian ana assistants,
and messenger in the library of Congress, and pro-
hibits the extension of those benefits to the pub-
lic printer for either branch of Congress. I voted
against the amendment as a whole. I would, if
the opportunity had been afforded me, have voted
against the portion of the amendment which ex-
tends the benefits of the act to the officers men-
tioned, andinfavorof the portion which prohibits
their extension to the public printer. I could not
vote for the latter provision without voting at
the same time for the former. When the latter
comes up on its merits, I shall very cheerfully
vote for it. I shall vote against the other propo-
sition.
Mr. STANTON. I rise to a p.oint of order.
Was not the fifty-first amendment of the Senate
concurred in ?
The SPEAKER. It was.
Mr. STANTON. The gentleman from Ten-
nessee voted against concurrence, and therefore,
under the rules of the House, he cannot make the
motion to reconsider.
Mr. JONES. I withdraw the motion.
Mr. PHELPS. I move that the rules be sus-
pended, and the House resolve itself into the
Committee ofthe Whole on the state of the Union.
The SPEAKER. The regular order of busi-
ness is the reception of reports from the standing
committees.
Mr. JONES. 1 hope that instead of going into
committee, the House will receive reports from
standing committees.
The SPEAKER. The proposition is not de-
batable.
