THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 21.
error by which all tribunals are liable to be misled,
rather than a disregard of the obligations of honor
and of duty, under which they acted, or from
unworthy personal considerations.
I have not the advantage of a personal ac-
quaintance with more than two or three officers
composing the board, and I have not an intimate
acquaintance with one of them; yet, from the
character which these gentlemen bear with the
public generally, I am satisfied that a more hon-
orable and intelligent body of men, belonging to
the different grades of which that board was
composed, could not probably have been selected
by the Secretary of the Navy from the whole
naval list, or one better calculatcd to inspire gen-
eral confidence in the public that they would dis-
charge their duties faithfully. I have heard from
others, who have had better opportunities of in-
formation on the subject than I have had, that
the members of that board, when their names
were first announced to the pitblic, did inspire
very general confidence, both among the officers
of the Navy and others that whatever they did
would be dictated by the highest sense of honor
and duty, as well as by as great a share of wis-
dom as was to be found in any equal number of
officers ir> the Navy.
I cannot conceive that there was a single mem-
ber of that board who, if he had been left to his
own choice, could have been prevailed upon to
discharge a duty so odious, so ungracious as that
of scanning the professional claims of brother
officers under this law, to be classed in the retired
or furlough list, or dropped from the Navy. I
do not suppose that any inducement could have
been held out to any one of them to take upon
himself so invidious an office save the duty of
obedience to the head of the Department, or to
the mandate of the Government. If that be true—
and 1 doubt not it is—it is our imperative duty—a
duty we owe not only to the public interests, but
to public justice—that when we undertake to re-
dress any grievances, actual or supposed, which
may have been suffered by individual officers of
the Navy, we should take care in doing so not to
do injustice to those who have been caiicd to dis-
charge an odious task, from which they could not
shrink.
There is something due to the public and vital
interests connected with the naval service, as
well as to those officers who conceive themselves
to have been injured, or who have actually been
injured by the proceedings of tiais board. It was
impossible that, in any proceeding of the nature
f>rovided for by the law, exact justice could have
>een done 111 all cases, or have given univeisal
satisfaction. Sir, when we shall have.succeeded
in providing some mode of redress in those cases
inwhie.h the injustice of the findings of the board
shall appear manifest, there will still remain a
number of cases of such apparent or real hard-
ship to the families of the individuals, or to the
individual officers themselves, who have been
dropped, well calculated to excite our sympa-
thies; but we must take carc that our sympathies
do not mislead us so far as to foiget what is due
to the country.
This question is a difficult and delicate one in
every aspect m which it can be considered. It
was the general, I may sny the almost universal
sentiment of Congress and the country, that some
reform was needed in the personnel of the Navy.
The last Congress provided the mode which they
thought'was best, and the only one which could
receive the assent of both Houses of Congress.
The grave question is now presented, whether any
remedy under our system of Government can be
provided for the state of things which was sup-
posed to exist in the Navy prior to the passage
of that law, should the proceedings which have
taken place under it prove abortive. If we are
so moved by our feelings in behalf of individuals
who have been unjustly condemned either to the
reserved or furlough list, or who have been
dropped altogether, as to induce us to annul the
proceedings of the board in toto, it may be well
questioned whether any other mode can be de-
vised by which the public interests can be duly
protected.
I respectfully submit to the Senate that the
provisions of the law of the list Congress are
far more favorable to the interest, as well as con-
siderate of the professional pride and feelings, of
those officers who are placed on the reserved list,
j than the provisions of the law for the reduction
) of the Army at "the close of the last war Vith
j Great Britain, which has been cited as a proceed-
ing of far more justice than the present. It does
seem to me that the mode in which the reduction
of the Army was effected must have been felt as
decidedly harsher and more deeply wounding to
the sensibilities of the reduced officers, than the
provisions of the late law, under which a great
number of officers of the Navy have been placed
on the reserved list, can possibly be. Honorable
Senators contend that the officers of the Army
knew that there was a necessity for the reduction
of the Army; and when the board, selected to
guide thejudgment and discretion of the Execu-
tive, had selected from the whole list of officers
the number provided for by law, as the peace
establishment, the reduced officers, under such
circumstances, could not have felt it as a profes-
sional degradation to have been dismissed the
service. Not so. Every officer of the Army who
was thus dropped must have felt keenly the pref-
erence which was shown to those of his brother
officers who were retained in the service; and
though they may have been too proud to com-
plain, yet they had the mortification of perceiving
that they were dropped because the board had
decided that they were less distinguished, less
efficient, and had less claims upon the gratitude
of the country, than those who were retained in
the service.
But this is not all. No matter what the ne-
cessity may have been to reduce the rank and
file of the Army, there was no necessity which
forbade a provision for retiring upon full or half
pay all such officers as had gallantly served their
country in the war which had just terminated;
and the reduced officers must have felt both the in-
gratitude and the injustice of the country in fail-
ing to make such a provision for them. I do not
wish, however, to dwell longer on this point. I
have referred to it only to show that, beyond all i
comparison, the provisions of the law of the last !
Congress, 44 to promote the efficiency of the!
Navy," are more just and liberal to the letired
officers than the provision of the law for the re-
duction of the Army.
I wish now to submit a few observations upon
the case of Lieutenant Maury.
Mr. Maury entered the service in 1825, at the age
of nineteen years. While he was serving at sea
as passed midshipman, he wrote his treatise upon
navigation. It was so highly approved that it
became the text-book of the Navy, as I am in-
formed, and was at one time, if it is not now,
used for the insti action of the students at the
Naval School at Annapolis. In the year 1837 he
was promoted to the rank of lieutenant, and was
appointed astronomer to an exploring expedi-
tion which was then projected, under the com-
mand of Commodore Jones, but which fell
through. The next year he was assigned to the
southern harbor service. In the year 1839, while
absent upon leave in Tennessee, with the pious
intention of removing his aged parents to live
with him at his residence in Virginia, there to
spend the remainder of their days, he received an
order from the Department to procccd with dis-
patch to New York, to join a vessel then fitting
out for sea. In obeying that order, and traveling
to the scene of his duties, he was capsized in a
stage-coach, and by that accident had his right
leg severely fractured. As soon as he was able
he proceeded to New York, but the vessel had
sailed, and, as he then was laboring under dis-
ability for sea service, his orders were revoked.
While in this condition he devoted himself to
the study of naval economy, and at that time
appeared in the public papers those essays under
the signature of44 Harry Bluff," which attracted
so much attention and commendation in naval as
well as other circles. I believe it may be said
that several of the beneficial reforms which have
taken place in the Navy may be attributed to his
writings under that signature. 1 may mention
particularly the substitution of the present bureau
system of the Navy Department for the old Board
of Navy Commissioners; and the adoption of the
policy of giving a thorough education to midship-11
men before they are sent regularly forth to sea. j!
In 1842, however, he was sent to Washington, ]\
in charge of the Depot of Charts and Instru- j |
, ments, and it was then that he commenced his i
i celebrated wind and current charts. In 1844,' !
the National ObserVatory having been completed,
he.,>vas placed in charge of that establishment as
superintendent; and such was his success in or-
ganizing it, with the aid of the assistants assigned
him by the Government, that the first volume of
observations, published soon afterwards, took by
surprise the first astronomers of the age; and the
Washington Observatory from that time was
classed in the foremost rank of such establish-
ments.
By the assiduous attention of Lieutenant Maury,
his devotion and zeal in extending his wind and
current charts, he succeeded, with the aid which
has been given him by the Government, in bring-
ing nearly every maritime state of Europe to co-
operate with lutein the extension of that work.
Two of them have established bureaus for the
purpose of rendering more effective aid—Holland
and England. The bureau established in Eng-
land is called the Meteorological Department of
the Board of Trade; and it is a circumstance
highly complimentary to Lieut. Maury, that the
chairman of the parliamentary committee of the
British Association, (Lord Wrottesley,) to which
all subjects of science are referred, proposed to
call it the Maury Department of the Board of
Trade.
Lieutenant Maury has received acknowledg-
ments of his merit and services of the most dcli-
cate and honorable kind from many of the States
of Europe. Holland, Sweden, and Norway have
struck medals in his honor on account of the ser-
vices which he has rendered to the commercial
world. The King of Prussia has bestowed upon
him the great medal of science for the realm, and
the Cosmos medal. The commander-in-chief of
the Russian Navy, the Grand Duke Constantine,
has also testified to his merits in the most com-
plimentary manner.
It has been estimated by the British Associa-
tion, in two several reports, that the value of
Lieutenant Maury's services to British trade and
commerce alone amounjt to ten millions of dol-
lars annually. From this we may fairly infer
that the benefits derived from his services to the
ti*ade and comnierce~of the United States may
be estimated at several millions. A crowned head
of Europe has sought to place naval officers on
duty under Lieutenant Maury, that they might
have the benefit of his teachings, and his coun-
sel has been sought in the organization of their
naval bureaus.
Sir, while these honors and these acknowledg-
ments have been showered upon Lieutenant
Maury, his dream of honorable ambition was
disturbed by the promulgation, through the of-
ficial gazette of our Government, of an order
announcing to the world his professional incom-
petency, and that he can receive no further pro-
motion in the Navy of the United States.
I know that it has been said that Lieutenant
Maury shines by borrowed light; that he has ap-
propriated the labors and observations of others
to himself in the publication of his celebrated
wind charts. 1 have no doubt that Lieutenant
Maury has availed himself largely—as he had a
right to do, and as it was proper for him to do—
of the labors and observations of men of science
and nautical men, both of the naval and commer-
cial marine, not only of the United States, but of
the world; but stiii he is entitled to the high
credit of having analyzed and deduced from them
general results and conclusions of so much im-
portance to one of the great demands of civiliza-
tion—international and ocean commerce — as
justly to entitle him to be considered a benefactor
of mankind.
Our country may boast many among her sons
of higher attainments in several departments of
science than Lieutenant Maury can claim—some
who have well earned the public gratitude, and
are entitled to the highest distinctions which a
scientific age can bestow. It has been the fortu-
nate lot of Lieutenant Maury to have been placed
in a position which opened for him afield of dis-
covery and science directly and intimately con-
nected with the material progress of the civilized
woild; and his services have been icwaided with
an immediate and wide-spread fame. Lieutenant
Maury, as 1 think all who have noticed his wri-
tings to any extent will agree, is a man of bold
and original cast of mind; and this has led him
to suggest various theories in other branches of
physical science, which, whether or not they may
