1874
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
August 1,
Mr. QUITMAN. I rise to make a personal
explanation.
Mr. GiDDnN"GS. I object to anything out of
bin' regular order of business.
Tlie question was taken on Mr. Gidimngs's
motion; and it wctw fi^teed to.
The House accordingly resolved itself into a
Committee of the Whole'House, (Mr. McMti-
i.in 111 the chair,) and resumed the consideration
of the Private Calendar.
This being objection day. tile reading of the
Calendar was resumed where it was discontinued
on the last objection day; and the bills to which
no objection was made, were, without debate,
under the rule, laid aside to be reported to the
House.
. A bill (H. R. No. 343) for the relief of the
legal representatives of Gustavus B. Homer, de-
ceased. The bill provides that the proper account-
ing officers of the Treasury settle the account of
Gustavus B. Horner, deceased, as a surgeon's
mate of the general hospital of the Army "of the
United States during the revolutionary war, and
allow his legal representatives compensation
equal to five years' full pay of a captain of in-
fantry in the service of the United States on con-
tinental establishment, without interest, (which
five years' full pay is the commutation for his
half pay for life,) to be paid to the legal repre-
sentatives of the said Gustavus B. Horner, out
of any money not otherwise appropriated.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I offer the follow-
ing amendment:
In the settlement of said account tlie lialf pay of ,i hos-
pital physician or on continental extable-hment,
from tlie t io-e of ihe revolutionary war until hi> death, if'
that occurred hefon? the third d.iv of Majoli, but if
died after that unit', then up nulie thud day of Maioh,
JWo, and deducting therefrom ; ny commutation that ni.ty
have bi cn tcooiwd by said suu(con"n <>i his tcpn"
sentative*. under the resolution oi the j>:>vd day of
37?&, and pnv to tHe Jo.'ul repo^eumuves oi the said (,'ti-,-
t-ivius H. Homer, dce«\rscd. out ot au> money not otncrwi-e
appropiiatcd, the nmont.f. witnout 'ini"i,'-t, that may bo
ascertained to be due for Ins hall'pay tor hie.
Mr. GIDDINGS. It is not in order to offer
amendments on an objection day except by
unanimous consent. I hold that the amendment
is not in order. I raise the question that we
may get along with the business.
Mr. COBB, of Georgia. There is no objec-
tion to offering ail amendment unless it gives Vise
to debate. Then the gentleman from Ohio is
right, and the lull must be passed over.
Mr. GIDDINGS. The amendment is objected
to aii around bore.
Mr. SMITH. I appeal to the gentleman to
withdraw opposition to the bill and amendment,
and let them pass.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Pennsylvania. I ask
the gentleman fromOhio to point out the member
who objects.'1 J hear no objection.
Mr. GIDDINGS. if it bo a matter of doubt,
I object.
Mr. SMITH. I hope the gentluman will with-
draw his objection. The lull m m exact con-
formity to one we passed the other day. The
amendment is made to remove n single objection
to the bill.
Mr. (UDDINGS. My only desire is to get
along with the business. If the House is willing
to let the amendment come'm, very well.
Mr. JOZVK.S, of Tennessee. It' the bill gives
rise to debate it must go over.
Mr. Ale OA RTY. Suigeon's mates are pro-
vided for by the general bill winch has lately
passed the House, and for that reason I object
to this bill.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. The amendment
which I have offered is intended to make the bill
conform to the bill passed the other day. There
is a question about the tune of service, which 
Mr. HOUSTON. I object to this debate.
Mr. McCAIlTY. The reason stated by the
gentleman from Virginia is precisely tlmt /or
which i object,
Mr. SMITH. I hope the gentleman will with-
draw his objection.
Mr. McCARTY. I withdraw it.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. This case, in my
opinion, could not be pissed by tne Department
under the commutation law, and [ object to it. j
A bill (H. It. No. 344) for tiie relief of Surah |
Ann Dye. I
The bill provides thatHhe Secretary of the |
I Treasury be authorized and required, out of any
i money in the Treasury not otherwise appropri-
! ated, -o pay the legal representatives of Sarah
Ann Dye, widow of Jonathan Dye, who was a
, lieutenant in the continental army of the United
I States in the war oftNit Revolution,and who was
i killed in the battle of Brandy wine, seven years'
i half pay of a lieutenant in said aimy, in full of
I all claims upon the Government, atlier in the
| way of principal or inter, st on the (same.
Jonathan Dye was a lieutenant m the conti-
nental line of the army in the war of the Revo-
lution, and was k lied at the battle of Brandy wine.
At his death Sarah Ann Dye became his widow,
and so remained till her death in 1813, being a
period of more than thirty years. During* that
period no application was made by Sarah Ann
Dye, or in her behalf, for the seven years' half
pay due her under the resolution of 1778 afore-
said, so that the same remained due her at her
death.
The bill was laid aside to be reported to the
House.
A bill (H. R. No. 345) for the relief of the
; heirs and legal representatives of Mrs. Magdalene
Broutin, widow of De la Ronde.
The bill confirms the claim of the heirs and legal
representatives of Mrs. Magdalene Broutin, the
widow of Don Pedro de la Ronde, to a tiact of
land in the Greensburg district, parish of St.
: Tammany, Louisiana, fronting and on the west
i bank of Pearl river, at about ton miles from its
I fall into_ the Rigolets; containing two thousand
i superficial arpents, as represented oil the plat of
| survey made by Carlos Trudeau,and annexed to
I the utle deed granted by Don Juan Ventura Mo-
I rales, intendent or superintendent general of the
{ province of West Florida, to Mrs. Magdalene
| Broutin, widow of De la Ronde, on the 19th of
Jamuiry,«J.S'J4: " provided, however, that this act
shall only operate as a lebnquishment forever on
the part of the United States to the said lands;
and shall not interfere with adverse valid lights
o< other persons, if such exist, to any part of the
land embraced in the claim and survev afore-
said. "
The bill was laid asid
House.
Mr. COBB, of Alabama. On last objection day
I went off at half-cock in objecting to three cases
without knowing anything of their merits. If it
be the pleasure of the House to take up these
three eases, 1 would be pleased. I have exam-
ined them, and found that there is nothing: obicc-
tionable, in them.
Several Members called for the regular order.
A bill (H. R. No. 34G) for the relief of the
heirs and lo al representatives of Iguacio Delino:
The bill confirms the claim of'the heirs and
legal lenrexenlativcs of [gnacio Dehno to a tract
of laud jn the Gieensburg district, parish of St.
Tammany, Louisiana, irontmg pnd on the west
bank of Pearl river, at about twelve miles fiom
Us 1 all into the Rigoiets, containing two thou-
sand superficial arpents, as represented on the
plat of survey made by Carlos Trudeau, and an-
nexed to the tide deed granted by Don Juan
Ventura Morales, intendent general of the piov-
ince of West Florida, to Ignacio Dehno, on the
18th of January, 1804: <s provided, however, that
j this act shall only operate as a relinquishment
| forever, on the part of the United States, to the
i said lands, and shall not interfere with adverse
! valid rights of other persons, if such exist, to any
' part of the land embraced in the claim and survey
aforesaid."
The bill was laid aside to be reported to the
House.
A hill (H. R. No. 347) to confirm the title of
Ruhama Whitaker and Rebecca Whitaker to
certain lands m the State of Louisiana.
The bill confirms to Ruhama Whitaker the
wyfruct title, during her natural life, in two cer-
tain tracts constituting one bodv of land on the
northwest branch of Thompson \s creek, in Lou-
isiana; the one tract, ot five bundled and sixty
arpenus, having been surveyed in 1793,in the name
ot Juan Brown; the other, of three hundred and
tf n a:;)entv-, having been surveyed m 1806, for
Edward O Conner; and there is hereby relin-
quished to Reivcca Whitaker the reversionary
interest of the United States in fee simple to the
said land; and it shall be the duty of the United I
to be reported to the
States surveyor general to execute a proper survey
of the land,accordmgto the evidence accompany-
ing the memorial of*"the said Ruhama Whitaker
and Rebecca Whitaker to Congress: " provided,
however, that the confirmation and relinquish-
ment by this act shall not interfere with any sub-
sisting valid adverse right, if such exist, to the
whole or any part of the aforesaid land."
The bill was laid aside to be reported to the
House.
A bill (H. R. No. 348) for the relief of the heirs
and legal representatives of Bernatd Hemkin,
The bill authorizes the heirs and legal repre-
sentatives of Bernard Hemkm to locate two hun-
dred arpents of land on any of the unreserved and
unappropriated public lands of the Ouachita land
district, in the State of Louisiana, it being in lieu
of so much of the lot No. 4, recommended by the
register and receiver of said land office for con-
firmation m their report made in July, 1852, in
compliance with an act of Congress, as has been
awaided to John B. Eddins: i4 provided, that by
said location ihey shall not interfere with tlie
preemptive or other valid rights of third persons.''
The report having been read, the bill was laid
aside to be reported to the House.
An act (S. No. 270) for the relief of Richard
Albntton.
The bill authorizes Richard Albritton to locate,
free of cost, six hundred and forty acrcs of land,
upon any of the public lands belonging to the
United States, and subject to private entry at the
minimum price, and provides that the location
i so made shall be in full compensation to said
Richard Albritton for a certain private land claim
for six hundred and forty acres, reported for con-
firmation by James 0. Crosby, commissioner,
under date of June 7, 1813, and confirmed by the
act of Congress approved March 3, 1819.
The bill was laid aside to be reported to tho
House.
An act (S. No. 940) to confirm the title of
Henry Volcker to a certain tract of land in the
Territory of New Mexico.
[Objected to by Mr. Sandidge, at. the instance
of the Delegate from New Mexico, who desired
time to examine the case.]
A bill (H. R. No. 349) for the relief of Andrew
A.H.Knox and Joseph A. Campbell, or their
heirs and legal representatives.
[Objected to by Air. Sandidge.]
A bill (H. R. No. 351) to extend the rights
granted by the act approved 7th January, 1853,
entitled, 44 An act authorizing certain soldiers of
the late war with Great Britain to surrender the
bounty lands drawn by them, and to locate others
in lieu thereof.'3
The bill provides that the hoirs-at-law, being
the wife or children of any soldier who has r°-
ceived bounty land for services in the late war
with Great Britain, by virtue of any of the laws of
the United States, passed prior to 1850, shall be
untitled to the same rights and privileges which
might be enjoyed by the husband or father were
he living, as granted by the act approved January
7, 1853, teferred to in the title of this bill.
The bill was laid aside to be reported to the
House.
An act (S. No. 191) for the relief of Cezaira
Wallace, of the parish of Bossier, and State of
Louisiana.
The bill and report were road.
Mr. HOUSTON. There is some conflict as to
title on the part of the Cadoe Indians, and 1 dis-
like to let tlie bill pass without objection. It
seems to be takingaway the rights of the Indians,
and the report sets forth the fact itself. I object.
An act (S. No. 197) for the relief of Randall
D. Livingston.
The bill confirms Randall D. Livingston in his
title to a certain tract of land, lying and being
within the limits of the Baron de Bastrop grant,
in the State of Louisiana, containing two hundred
acres, being the same tract ot land conveyed by
A.Mor«house to John Martin Merriwether by
deed dated February 1,1805; and beina;, also,
that part of the two tracts of land, amounting m
the ag^re^ate to four hundred acres, claimed by
the said Randall D. Livingston before the com-
missioners appointed under the act entitled "An
act for the settlement of certain classes of private
land claims within the limits of the Baron de
