264
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[March 12,
34th Cong....1st Sess.
Kansas Contested Election—Mr. Wakeman.
Ho. of Reps.
except that which is contained in the Constitution
of the United States and the rules of our own
making. Wit'x this exception, it is entirely with-
out restriction. You may assail any point you
please; you may go through the whole region of
law and' fact in the investigation of the right of
an individual to occupy a seat upon this floor.
That doctrine, Mr. Speaker, has been the prac-
tice of this House for years, and many notable
precedents are to be found upon your records in
its favor.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. If the gentleman
will allow me, I will inquire whether a majority
of this House have the right to turn a minority
of the members out of their seats ?
Mr. WAKEMAN. A majority of this House
have the right to investigate the right of a member
to hold a seat on this floor; ana they may ex-
tend that investigation to the case of two, three,
four, or a larger number.
Mr. SMITH. Will the gentleman allow me
to interrupt him again? If I understand the po-
sition which he assumes, it is this: That there
is an untrainmeled power and authority in the
majority of this Ho use to judge of the election,
returns, and qualifications of the members, and
that their judgmeut simply, if it be their will to
exercise it, may turn out anybody and every-
body; thijt the majority of this House are to de-
termine all legal and constitutional questions that
maybe involved, and decide according to their
pleasure, without control and without restraint.
That I understand to be the doctrine of the gen-
tleman from New York.
Mr. WAKEMAN. I asserted the absolute
power of this House, uncontrolled except by the
Constitution of the United States and the rules
of their own making. Aside from that, the power .
is absolute and uncontrolled. That is my answer
to the gentleman's question.
Now, it is said that the power of the Governor
to declare that those receiving the. highest number
of votes were duly elected, has imposed an es-
toppel to all inquiry upon the part of this House
into the validity ol that Territorial Legislature.
Mr. Speaker, for the purpose of applying a prac-
tical test to the doctrine of the gentleman from
Maryland, [Mr. Davis,] suppose that every one
of the thirteen members of the Legislative Coun-
cil, and the twenty-six members of the House
of Representatives, had been elected by non-
residents, without the aid of a single legal voter
of the Territory. Then suppose that, by col-
lusion with them, the Governor had given them
certificates declaring them to have Deen regu-
larly and legally elected. Suppose, under that
declaration, they should assume to exercise the
functions of a. Territorial Legislature, and pass
an act authorizing the election of a Delegate, and, i
under that act, sotne enterprising individual should 1
claim to have been duly elected, and should pre-
sent himself here at your bar and demand to be !
received and sworn as such, notwithstanding the
earnest remonstrance of the legal voters of the I
Territory. Will it be said that this House has no
r, lV,lrl case to go behind the certificate of
the Governor, to inquire into the election of a
Legislature which had not received the vote of i
a single inhabitant, the whole matter being a :
fraud upon the people of the Territory from j
beginning to end? Yet that is the extraordinary
aosition stated by the gentleman from Mary-
. YV hy, sir, if you believe in the power of
this House to judge of the election, qualification, !
and return of its meaibers, it is an absurdity to jj
suppose that, because a Legislature, having no
legal existence whatever, has been sanctioned by '
the Governor, that this House is therefore for- :
ever foreclosed from an inquiry into its legality,
thisfloo 11 re es 10 Persons claiming seats upon
Do you ask for precedents? Sir, I remember
that several years ago, five gentlemen walked up
this aisle, and demanded at the bar of the House
upon their certificates under the broad seal of the
btate of New Jersey, that they should be received
as members of this House. The law of that
State, precisely like the law of the Territory of
Kansas, declared that the Governor and the Legis-
lative Council should be the sole body to determ-
ine who were legally elected members of Congress
from that State; and under the sanction of that
authority those gentlemen presented themselves,
and demanded to be admitted to seats in this
House as members of tkis body. What said
, the Democracy then ? What said the gentleman
i from Alabama, [Mr. Houston,] who looks up
. so smilingly ? Did they dare to go behind the cer-
i tificate of the Governor and Council ? Sir, they
treated the certificate as naught, and cast the
broad seal of a sovereign State to the winds.
1 Mr. HOUSTON. If the gentleman refers to
me, I will say that they went behind the certifi-
cate in that case to get at the fact of the election
of the members. They did not go behind the
laws of New Jersey.
Mr. WAKEMAN. It is enough for my argu-
ment that they disregarded the certificate, but it
is said they did it to arrive at the fact of the elec- i
fion. That is precisely what we want to get at >
in this case. What constitutes an election ? 1
Mr. HOUSTON. The gentleman proposes to
go back not only to the election of the Delegate
from Kansas, but he proposes to go back to the
election of the members of the Legislature of that
TerritoryIn the New Jersey case the House
went behind the certificate for the purpose of
learning truthfully of the election of members
from that State. They did not interfere with the
Legislature of New Jersey nor with the election
of its members.
Mr. WAKEMAN. Precisely so; and for the
very reason that in that case it was not required
to go behind the action of the Legislature. But
what are we called upon to inquire into in every
case of this kind ? We are called upon to inquire
the wilt of the voters. When a gentleman comes
here and asks to be sworn in as a member of the
House or as a Delegate from a Territory, it is the
duty of the House to ascertain whether he is in
fact the representative of the authorized voters
and citizens of that Territory or not? That is the
question. Does he represent that constituency?
Was he elated and duly authorized by them
to come here and occupy that position? And
to determine that, you may go through every
single act and source of power, from the peopfe
up to the individual, unrestricted except by the
Constitution and your own rules.
Sir, that New Jersey case, so far as it relates
to the power of this House to go behind the
certificate, is directly in point; and that is the
question raised by the gentleman from Maryland.
He says, and says emphatically and presses upon
the House the proposition, that because the
Governor had, by virtue of the statute, authority
to declare the persons receiving the highest num-
ber of legal votes duly elected, and having done
so, therefore the House cannot inquire into it.
In the State of New Jersey the Governor and
Council had authority to determine the question
of the election of members of Congress from
that State. They made that determination, but 1
the Democracy of the House of that day utterly
disregarded it.
Such, Mr. Speaker j was also the result in the
celebrated Mississippi case. You will remember
that gentlemen presented themselves on this floor,
and demanded by virtue of the broad seal of that
State to be received as members of this body.
But what said the Democracy then? They de-
clared that the certificate and the authority under
which those gentlemen were elected were of no
binding force upon this House; and notwith-
standing one of the most distinguished and elo-
quent of modern statesmen, now no more, (S. S.
Prentiss,) entranced the House for three whole
days, lightning with his eloquence and thundering
with his logic, yet he failed to arouse a single
Democratic voice in favor of the doctrine now so
earnestly pressed by the same party, and the
State of Mississippi was left without a delegation J
upon the floor. 1
But, Mr. Speaker, I have another case in point, '
and one that, I think, will satisfy the gentleman
from Alabama, [Mr. Houston,] who, a moment
ago, interrupted me. You all remember the dif-
i q?o <re arose in Rhode Island in 1841 and
1842 in reference to the change of their organic
t the Democratic members of the
Legislature of Rhode Island presented a memorial
praying, among other things, that this House
would institute an inquiry into the fact of the
adoption of a constitution by the people of Rhode
Island, in December, 1841, and its suppression by
the then existing authorities of that State. This
memorial, upon the motion of a prominent Dem-
ocrat, was referred to a select committee, and
subsequently that committee made the same re-
quest that is now made by your Committee of
Elections, to wit: that they should have power
to send for persons and papers. No question
was then raised by the Democracy as to the
power of this House to make that investigation.
No one then contended that constitutions, or-
ganic laws, and statutes were matters of record,
not to be inquired into by this House upon parol
proof. Power to send for persons and papers
was conferred upon the committee, and they
! were authorized to inquire whether the gov-
ernment established by Governor Dorr was ir
legal existence in 1841, or whether the old char •
ter government remained still in authority. And
what did that committee do? They obtained and
examined witnesses from every part of the State
of Rhode Island and the adjoining States, and
ultimately spread upon your record a report of
over one thousand pages of documentary and
parol proof which tney had taken in reference
to that question. What said the House of Rep-
resentatives then ? What said the Democratic
members upon this floor at that time? Why,
sir, they concurred in the report; they concurred
that the Dorr constitution was the constitution of
Rhode Island, and that it had full force, effect,
and authority, and that all acts done and com-
mitted under and by virtue of it should be re-
ceived as valid, and should be recognized as such
by all the sister States of the Union. That was
the determination of the Democracy of that day,
No one then raised the question, tnat you could
not go into the inquiry whether the constitution
existed or not. The House did go into that in-
quiry, and they took the parol evidence of it
great number of individuals to prove that the
constitution of 1841, established by Governor
Dorr, was the constitution of Rhode Island, and
that there was no other constitution existing at
that time but that.
Mr. Speaker, I am unable to see any difference
m the exercise of the power now asked by the
Committee of Elections and the power exercised
by this House in the New Jersey case, the Mis-
sissippi case, and the Rhode Island case just
these cases the House not only went
j u cer''®ca*es Governors, and Councils,
and broad seals of sovereign States, but also into
the existence of constitutions and organic laws.
Mr. Speaker, I submit to the House that it is
now altogether too late to argue, because the
Governor has certified to the legal existence of
the Territorial Legislature, thai, therefore, this
-House is forever barred from an examination of
the question in judging and determining the right
4iLe- Dele&ate t0 a seat upon this floor.
This, Mr. Speaker, is all I desire to submit
upon this point. I now come to the other ami
last branch of the distinguished gen tleman's argu-
ment in opposition to the resolution of the com-
mittee. lie says that, when you turn aw$y and
rise up beyond this question of authority and
come to the great fact, the existence of two grand
, parties in conflict, each one claiming to be the Ter-
: ritonal Government, there must be some power
| to pass upon and determine which, in fact, is the
government, and which must be admitted and
obeyed as such. He says this power is not vested
in the Supreme Court established by the Consti-
tution. In that I fully agree. But he proceeds
to say that the authority by the Constitution is
vested mthe President of the United States whu
is authorized and empowered to recognize'and
determine which is the existing government and
to enforce the existing authority. He then says
that the President of the United States has, in
effect, in his message, recognized the Kangqq
Legislature and the validity of the laws enacted
by it, and that he, under the Constitution, having
thus recognized that Legislature and the laws
passed by it, it is, therefore, conclusive and bind
ing on this House. That, in substance, is the
last argument submitted by the gentleman.
Mr. Speaker, a technical and, indeed, a com-
