1856.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1875
Bastrop grant," &c., approved March 3, 1851,
winch was not confirmed by the said commission-
ers; and provides that the Commissions r of the
General Land Office shall, upon the receipt of a
plat and certificate of survey- of the said tract of
land, legally executed by the proper officer, issue
a patent for the same: provided that such patent
shall only operate as a relinquishment on the part
of the United States, and shall not affect or
prejudice the rights of any third person.
The bill was laid aside to be reported to the
House.
An act (S. No. 198) for the relief of Cephise
Piseros, widow of Louis Labranche, of the par-
ish of St. Charles, and State of Louisiana.
The bill provides that Cephise Piscros, as heir-
at-law of Jean Francois Piseros, deceased, be
confirmed in her utle to a tract of land in the
parish of St. Charles, and State of Louisiana,
situate on the left bank of the Mississippi river,
of about four arpents in fiont, with a depth of
forty arpents, bounded on the north by the claim
of Jean Francois Piseros, designated as "No. "
in the report of the board of commissioners for
the eastern district of the Territory of Oi leans,
and on the south by the lands of Adelard Fortier,
designated as claim " No. 468" by the register
and receiver of the land office for the eastern dis-
trict of Louisiana, in their report of March 22,
1816; and that the Commissioner of the Gen-
eral Land Office shall, upon being presented with
a plat and certificate of survey of the said tract
of land, legally executed by the proper officer,
issue a patent for the same: provided, however,
that such patent shall operate only as a relinquish-
ment on the part of the United States, and shall
not atfect or prtjudice the rights of any third
person.
The report having been read, the bill was laid
aside to be reported to the House.
An act (S. No. 241) for the relief of the legal
representatives of John Morrison and Charles
Gum.
Mr. SANDIDGrE. That bill interests my
constituents alone; and 1 ask that it be passed
over for the present without action.
The bill was passed over.
An act (S. No. 194) for the relief of Joseph
Smith.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. There are a thou-
sand similar cases; and I object.
An act (S. No. 193) to confirm Joseph Wan-
destrand in his title to contain lands.
The bill confirms the title of Joseph Wandcs-
trand to a certain tract of land in the State of
Louisiana, and described as follows, to wit:
Sections numbered fifty-live, fifty-six, and fifty-
seven, in township numbered twelve, south of
range numbered ten east, (east of the Mississippi
river,) m the southeastern district of Louisiana:
provided, that this act shall only be construed to
be a relinquishment on the part of the United
States, and shall not prejudice, or in any way
affect, the rights of any third person.
The bill was laid aside to be reported to the
House.
An act appointing commissioners to ascertain
•certain facts relative to private land claims m the i
State of Michigan. j
On motion of Mr. COBB, of Georgia, the bill I
being general in Us character was laid aside to be j
reported to the House, with the recommendation j
that it be referred to the Committee of the Whole j
on the state of the Union. !
A bill (H. R. No. 352) to confirm to certain \
persons therein named their titles to certain lots !
m Prairie du Cbien, Wisconsin. |
The bill was laid aside to be reported to the !
House.
A bill (H. R. No. 353) for the relief of Tal-'
bot C. Dousman. j
The bill was laid aside to be reported to the '
Mouse. ;
A bill (H. R. No. 354) for the relief of Ben- j
jannn LaFonte, William Altenburg, and others. !
The bill was laid aside to be reported to the .
House. ,
A bill (Hr R. No. 355) for the relief of Napo- j
leon B. Gill, of Perry county, Missouri, and for j
other purposes. # j
The bill enacts that the five hundred and eighty-1
four acres of land, more or less, lying and being
in Perry county, Missouri, which have heretofore
been reserved from sale, on account of the uncon-
firmed claim of Martin Fenwick, (claiming under
Joseph Fenwick,) entered as No. 151, in the
second class of claims, by the late board of com-
missioners for the adjustment of private land
claims in Missouri, be relieved from said reserva-
tion by the Commissioner of the General Land
Office, and the said lands restored to market; and
that Napoleon B. Gill, a citizen of Perry countv,
be authorized to enter, at $1 25per acre, asunder
the preemption law he would have been author-
ized to do but for-said reservation, that portion
of said tracts of land occupied and possessed by
him, in all two hundred and thirty-nine acres
and fifty-eight hundredths; and that, on such
entry and payment by him, a patent or patents
be issued therefor.
It appears, from the report of the committee,
that one Joseph Fenwick claimed some five hun-
dred acres of land under a Spanish grant, parts
of townships thirty-four and thirty-five north, in
ranges thirteen and fourteen east; and his son,
Martin Fenwick, under him; and that said claim
was presented to the board of commissioners
appointed, under the act of Congress of July 9,
1832, "for the final adjustment of private land
claims in Missouri;" and entered by said board
as No. 151 in the second class of claims reported
by them to Congress, and rejected as being " des-
titute of merit m law or equity," &c. Subse-
quently, however, in the year 1^45, Martin Fen-
wick applied to Congress to hnve his chum (or
concession) confirmed to him; and, by order of
the Geneial Land Office, it was, by the register
of the Jackson district, Missouri, (within which
it lay,) reserved from sale, to await the action of
Congress. It has not been confirmed by Con-
gress, and its prosecution seems to feye been
abandoned.
It further appears that Mr. Gill is a settler
in good faith upon a part of said reservation,
having valuable and lasting improvements on the
same, he and those under whom he claims and
holds having occupied and possessed the same
for more than twenty years. The part so occu-
pied and possessed by him consists of two frac-
tional quarter sections, on one of winch Ins
dwelling-house and part of his farm are situated,
and part of his farm and improvements are on
the other of said quarters. Both of said fractions
amount to somewhat more than the genrral pre-
emption act would allow him to enter. But, un-
der the circumstances of the case, it is considered
but just to allow him to enter both of said frac-
tions at$l 25 per acre, as he a<?ks in his petition;
and that the whole of claim No. 151, including
the same, should be relieved from reservation.
The bill was laid aside to be reported to the
House.
A bill (H. R. No. 35G) for the relief of Bridget
Maher.
The bill directs the Secretary of the Interior
to settle and adjust the claim of Mrs. Bridget
Maher, for boarding certain Cherokee Indians
from the State of North Carolina, disallowed by
him on the 19th of July, l'^55,and to pay to her,
out of * iy moneys not otherwise appropriated,
such sum of money as she is m justice emuk-d
to: provided, that the sum so settled and adjusted
shall not exceed s293.
The report having been read, the bill was laid
aside to be reported to the House.
A bill (K. R. No. 3?) granting one hundred
and sixty acres of land to Richard Smith, of Cos-
hocton county, Ohio, for hi<? services m the ex-
pedition against the Iiiekaree Indians.
[Objected to by Mr. Qxiimax.]
An act (S. No. 27G) for the rebef of Norwood
McCtelland, master of the steamboat New World.
The bill and report were read.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I see no principle
m that case whi<'h would be winding between
individuals. I think the same principle should
be applied between the Government and individ-
uals which prevails between individuals, and
therefore I object.
An act (S. No. 213) for the relief of Mrs. M.
E. McKmght, widow of Francis M. McKmght.
The bill and report were read; and the question
being, "Shall the bill be laid aside to be reported
1 to the House, with a recommendation that it do
I pass?"
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I ask for a divis-
ion upon that question. It seems to me there is
not a quorum present.
The CHAIRMAN. Does the gentleman ob-
ject to the bill ?
Mr. JONES. No, sir; but I want to know
if there is a quorum here.
The CHAIRMAN, The question, then, is,
'tffthall the bill be laid aside?"
Mr. HOUSTON. I suggest to my ftiend that,
instead of dividing the committee, it would be
much better that we should rise, go into the
House, and take the bills which have not beea
objected to with us. If we find ourselves without
a quorum on a division, all these bills will be left
in the committee. I would myself rather go on
in committee, if we can.
Mr. JONES. I want to know if gentlemen ara
willing to sit here, and do business without-a
quorum 5
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. If the gentle-
man from Tennessee persists in his call for a
division, 1 shall make a motion that the committee
rise, for the purpose of having the bills that wa
have already passed upon reported to the House,
Mr. MAXWELL. I should like to know how
the inquiry comes before the committee, whether
there is a quorum present?
Mr. JONES. 1 have called for a division for
the purpose of ascertaining whether there is a
quorum present competent to do business.
The CHAIRMAN. Does the gentleman object
to the bill that has just been read?
Mr. JONES. I do not.
The CHAIRMAN. It will then be laid aside
to be reported to the House.
Mr. MAXWELL. It has not been ascer-
tained whether a quorum is present or not; but {
think this much has been ascertained, that "all
those gentlemen who arc most vigilant in making
objection to claims are here present; and I think,
in consideration of that fact, it would lie safe for
'-the gentleman from Tennessee to withdraw his
call for a di\:su n, and allow us to go on with the
Calendar a lit'i«• while longer.
Mr. H. MARSHALL. I move that the com-
mittee do now and report the bills to the
House.
The motion was agreed to.
So the committee lose; and the Speaker having
resumed the chair,
Mr. McMULLfN reported that the Committee
of the Whole House had,nccordingto order, had
the Private Calendar generally under considera-
tion. and had directed him to report sundry bills
to tlie House, with a recommendation that they
do pass; and one bill, with a recommendation that
it be committed to the Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union.
Mr. GIDD1NGS. 1 ask that the list of bills
reported may be read, and such as are not ob-
jected to passed ci\
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I call for a separate
vote upon the first bill reported, and demand a
division.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. If the House
now adjourns, what will be the condition of the
business reported from the commitue?
The SPEAKER. It will come up first in order
in the momma1.
Mr. LExTER. I move that the rules be sus-
pended, and that the House resolve itself into
the Coroauttoe of the Whole on the state of tho
Union.
Mr. JONES. I demand a division upon that
motion.
Mr. H. MARSHALL. I hope I shall have
the consent of the House to take from the
Speaker's table the lull for the relief of Thomas
C'iuuchih. tor the purpose of having it referred.
Mr. JONES. I obiect.
Mr. SIMMONS, "l ask leave to withdraw
certain papers from the flies of the House.
Mr. JONES. 1 object.
The nuesrion was taken upon the notion to gc 
into the Committee of the Whole on the suata
of the Union; and there were—nyes93, noes 17;
no quorum voting.
And then, on motion of Mr. WASHBURNE,
of Illinois, (at half past four o'clock, p. m.,)
the House adjourned until to-morrow at eleven
o'clock, a. m.
