1856.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
iisir
Mr. WASHBURNE. I withdraw the motion
to commit and print.
Mr. NORTON then submitted his amendment
to the bill.
The bill and amendment were then referred to
the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. WASHBURNE, from the Committee on
Commerce, reported back House bills of the fol-
lowing titles, with amendments; which were
referred to the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union, and, with the accompanying
reports, ordered to be printed:
A bill for continuing the improvement of the
Des Moines rapL.j, in the Mississippi river;
A bill to continue the improvement of the har-
bor of .Chicago, Illinois;
A bill for continuing the improvement of the
harbor of Waukegan, Illinois;
A bill making ail appropriation for the construc-
tion of a harbor at Black Lake, in the State of
Michigan;
A bill making an appropriation for the con-
struction of a harbor at New Buffalo, in the State
of Michigan;
A bill making an appropriation for completing
the harbor at St. Joseph, in the State of Michi-
gan ; and
A bill making an appropriation for the con-
struction of a harbor at the mouth of Calumet
river, in the State of Illinois.
Mr. W. also, from the same committee, re-
reported back, severally, without amendment, the
following bills; which were referred to the Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union,
and, with the accompanying reports, ordered to
be printed:
A bill to continue the reopening of a commu-
nication between Albemarle sound, North Caro-
lina, and the Atlantic ocean;
A bill making an additional appropriation for the
enlargement of the custom-house and post office
building at Toledo, Ohio;
A bill making an appropriation for the construc-
tion of a harbor at the mouth of the Grand river,
in the State of Michigan;
A bill for the improvement of the Taunton river,
in the State of Massachusetts; and
A bill to alter and amend "An act to appropri-
ate money to remove obstructions in the Savan-
nah river, below the city of Savannah, in the State
of Georgia," approved March 3, 1855.
Mr. W. also, from the same committee, reported
the following bills; which were severally read a
first and second time, referred to the Committee
of the Whole on the state of the Union, and,
with the accompanying reports, ordered to be
printed:
A bill to provide for the survey of Root river,
in the Territory of Minnesota;
A bill to provide for the survey of the Missis-
sippi river from Fort Snelling to the Falls of St.
Anthony, and thence to the Saut Rapids; and for
the survey of Rock Bar at the Little Falls of the
Minnesota;
4_ bill for constructing a building for a custom-
house and post office at Perth Amboy, New Jer-
sey;
A bill making an appropriation for improving
the harbor of Plymouth, Massachusetts;
A bill to continue the improvement of the har-
bor of Cape Cod, Massachusetts;
A bill to continue the improvement of Cape
Fear river, North Carolina; and
A bill to continue the improvement of the nav-
igation of James river, Virginia.
Mr. W. also, from the same committee, reported
back, with a recommendation that it do not pass,
bill of the House authorizing the construction of
a building at Plymouth, Massachusetts, for a
custom-house and post office.
Ordered, That said bill lie upon the table, and be printed.
" Mr.W. also, from the same committee, reported
the following bills; which were read a first and
second time, referred to the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union, and ordered to
be printed:
A bill for the relief of the owner and crew of
the fishing schooner Florilla; and
A bill fora custom-house, post office, and court
rooms at Ogdensburg, New York.
On motion of Mr. WASHBURNE, it was
Ordered, That tile Committee on Commerce be dis-
charged from the further consideration of Senate bill No.
13, relating to pilotage; and that the same be laid on the
table, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. MAXWELL. I am opposed to monop-
olies. I move that the House do now adjourn.
The motion was not agreed to.
Mr. WASHBURNE also, from'the Commit-
tee on Commerce, reported a bill for the relief of
Joshua Knowles; which was read a first and sec-
ond time, referred to a Committee of the Whole
House, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. W., from the same committee, reported
back Senate bills (No. 105) for the relief of Levi
Robinson; (No. 140) for the relief of the owners
of the fishing schooners Brandywine, Forrester,
Grampus, Ursula, Stephen C. Phillips, and
Union; and (No. 126) for the relief of the owners
and sharesmen of the fishing schooners Wan-
derer, Mary, Olive-Branch, Two Brothers, and
Brothers; all of which were referred to a Com-
mittee of the Whole House, and ordered to be
printed.
Mr. W., from the same committee, presented
adverse reports in the case of inspection of boilers
and hulls at Paducah, Kentucky, and in the case
of fishing schooner Director; which were seve-
rally laid on the table, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. WADE, from the same committee, re-
ported a joint resolution for enlarging the custom-
house, post office,and court-house, at Cleveland,
Ohio; which was read a first and second time.
Mr. WADE. I ask that this joint resolution
be put upon its passage.
The resolution was reported. It authorizes
the Secretary of the Treasury to cause the build-
ing provided by law to be constructed at Cleve-
land, Ohio, for a custom-house, post officc, and
court-house, to be increased in length, over the
plan heretofore adopted for that purpose, not
exceeding twenty-five feet, and to modify and
enlarge said plan so as to adapt the same to such
increased length, if in the opinion of the Secre-
tary the public convenience should require such
modification: provided that such extension and
modification can be accomplished at an expense
not exceeding $30,000, and a sum not exceeding
ten per cent, of said last-mentioned sum for super-
intendence and contingencies: and provided fur-
ther, that no money shall be paid therefor until
after the Secretary of the Treasury shall have
contracted for the completion of such extended
building, at a cost within the sum heretofore and
thereby appropriated therefor.
Mr. PHELPS. I rise to a question of order.
That joint resolution contains an appropriation,
and must therefore be considered in the Committee
of the Whole on the state of the Union.
Mr. WADE. I ask the unanimous consent
of the House to have it put upon its passage. I
have the statements of the Secretary of the Treas-
ury and the Postmaster General in relation to the
matter. I wish simply to suggest to gentlemen on
the other side, that the appropriation made at the
last Congress was insufficient for the accommo-
dation of the business transacted there, and the
Department was obliged to purchase 
The SPEAKER, (interrupting.) This joint
resolution must, under the rules of the House, go
to the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union, inasmuch as it appropriates money.
Mr. WADE. Then I ask leave to withdraw it.
Mr. PHELPS. I object to its withdrawal,
because the object of withdrawing it is merely to
strike out the appropriation and introduce it
again.
The joint resolution was referred to the Com-
mittee ofthe Whole on the state of the Union,and
ordered to be printed.
Mr. WADE, from the Committee on Com-
merce, reported back the following bills; which
were severally referred to the Committee of the
Whole on the state ofthe Union, and ordered to
be printed: ♦
House bill for the improvement of the naviga-
tion of the Patapsco.river, and to render the port
of Baltimore accessible to the war steamers ofthe
United States;
House bill to keep the St. Clair river, Mich-
igan, in a navigable condition, &c.; reported back
with amendments;
House bill, with an amendment, to continue
the improvements of the harbor of Monroe, Mich-
House bill, with an amendment, to continued
the improvements of the harbor of- Huron;;
Ohio; • - " id
House bill, with an amendment, to continue
the improvements of the harbor of Cleveland,
Ohio; • - - i,;:
House bill, with amendments, to continue the
improvement of the harbor at the mouth of Black
river, in the State of Ohio;
A bill to authorize and continue the- construc-
tion of a harbor at BMalo, New York; reported-
back without amenc^Pbt;
A bill making appropriations for continuing the
improvement of the harbor at Milwaukiet-Wis-
consin;
A bill making appropriations for the. improve-
ment of the Saginaw river, in the State of Mich-
igan;
A bill to continue the improvement of the har-
bor at Vermilion,Ohio;
A "bill to continue the improvement of the har-
bor at Sandusky City, Ohio;
A bill making appropriations for continuing
the improvement of the narborat Kenosha, Wis-
consin;
A bill making an appropriation for continuing
the improvement of the harbor at Marquette, on
Lake Superior, in the State of Michigan; _
A bill making appropriations for continuing
the improvement at the mouth of Grand river, in
the county of Lake, and State of Ohio;_ _
A bill for an appropriation for the' improve-
ment of the harbor of Erie, Pennsylvania;
A bill for continuing the improvement- of the
harbor at Dunkirk, New York; _
A bill making an appropriation for the im-
provement of the harbor at the mouth of the On-
tonagon river, in the State of Michigan;
A bill making an appropriation for continuing
the improvement, of the harbor of refuge and com-
merce at Michigan City, on Lake Michigan, and
for the construction of a breakwater thereat; and
A laill to place and keep St. Mary's river, in
the State of Michigan, in a navigable condition
for vessels of war and commerce, and to facilitate
the transmission of supplies to the Northwest.
Mr. WADE, from the same committee, re-
ported a bill making appropriations for continuing-
the improvement of the harbor at Racine, Wis-
consin; which was read a first and second time-,
referred to the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union, and ordered to be printed.
And then, on motion of Mr. ALBRIGHT, (at
half past three o'clock, p.m.,) the House ad-
journed.   
IN SENATE.
Wednesday, April 23, 1856.
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. Henry C. Dean.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS.
Mr. SUMNER presented the petition of Sarah
B. Webber, widow of John A. Webber, late
military storekeeper at Watertown, Massachu-
setts, praying for compensation for an improve-
ment "in the construction of gun-carriages in-
vented by her late husband; which was referred
to the Committee on Claims.
He also presented resolutions of the Legisla-
ture of Massachusetts, in favor of an appropria-
tion for a scientific survey of the harbor of Bos-
ton; which were referred to the Committee on
Commerce, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. BROWN presented a communication, ad-
dressed to him by the Secretary of the Interior,
on the subject of the sale of certain lands in Mis-
sissippi, under the graduation law; which was
referred to the Committee on Public Lands.
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES.
Mr. MASON, from the Committee on Foreign
Relations, to whom were referred the petition of
the heir of Edward Rudd, the petition of Mary-
Martin, the petition of Ann Robinson, the peti-
tion ofthe legal representatives of William jBean,
and the petition of Henry A. Wise, submitted a
report, accompanied by a bill for the relief of
William K. Jennings and others; which wasread,
and passed to a second reading. The report was
ordered to be printed.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred papers in relation to the claim of
