1856.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
275
any other period of time? Is the door of pro-
motion to be shut against him becausc the Gov-
ernment has employed him in service which he
is peculiarly qualified to perform and was denied
his application to go to sea, on the assumption
that he is no longer qualified for efficient sea ser-
vice? I deny both the authority of law and the
assumption. There was no authority to retire him
unless the board deny, upon sufficient grounds,
his competency to" perform his duties ashore as
well as afloat. I say the law meant, in regard to
all officers, that they should be Found incapable
of pel-forming efficiently and promptly the duties
attaching to their respective offices, grades, and
employments, as the condition upon winch they
were cither to be dropped or placed on the reserved
list.
Now, will any honorable Senator say that,
when this law was passed, he conceived that a
class of officers, such as the one to which Mr.
Maury belongs, would be put on the reserved
list, and denied all future promotion in the naval
service ?- The Senator has spoken of money—of
the pay which Lieutenant Maury receives, in
the feelings and estimation of a naval officer, he
would scorn to consider money an equivalent for
official degradation, or the loss of professional
advancement. Suppose Mr. Maury had received
$10,000 instead of $4,500 a year, as is contended,
or $3,500, according to my estimate, he has re-
ceived that amount in consideration of the import-
ance and great public utility of the station which
he has occupied, and no amount of salary can
compensate him for the loss of official rank and
the prospect of future promotion; and if money
is to be considered in competition with, and as an
equivalent for, official mortification, unci the loss
of official rank and preferment, it must be borne
in mind that .Lieutenant Maurv holds his present
honorable position at executive discretion, and
whenever it shall please the Executive, for the
time being, to dispense with his services, he must
remain a lieutenant of the Navy on the reserved list
for the remainder of his days, on a salary of only
$1,200. I mention this merely to show the real
position of Lieutenant Maury—not that I am
authorized by him to estimate the amount of
money compensation he may receive as a lieuten-
ant on the reserved list, as forming any ground
of complaint against the action of the naval board.
I feel authorized to say that ^10,000 a year would
not compensate him for the stigma, as he con-
ceives it, which has been cast on his professional
reputation.
1 should like to know whether my honorable
friend from Florida heard my remarks in regard
-to the naval board?
Mr. MALLORY. No, sir.
Mr. BELL, of Tennessee. The Senator is not
sufficiently informed of my sentiments on that
point to do me justice. He did not hear the remarks
in which I vindicated officers of the board against
many of the charges which have been made against
them.
I shall not detain the Senate further. I have
felt called upon to make these additional remarks
in answer to the statements and arguments of the
honorable Senator from Florida.
Mr. MALLORY. Mr. President, I cannot be
drawn into a general discussion of the character
of the law, the proceedings of the board, or the
parties allege^to have sustained injury under it,
1 confined my remarks originally entirely to this
single case, expressing the opinion, that if the
action of the board could be sustained at all, of
which I entertain no doubt, it must be sustained
in the case of Lieutenant Maury.
Of all the facts which I have stated I have the
evidence before me. 1 hold m my hand the ap-
plication of Lieutenant Maury, "dated 23d Feb-
ruary, 3842, for the Ilydrographical Bureau,
which has grown into the one he now occupies. |
Here are, also, the several applications of Lieu- j
tenant Maurv for furlough and leave of absence, I
as I have aiready stated them to be. It is not !
necessary to read them here. j
Mr. BELL, of Tennessee. I understand the |
Senator's assertion to be, that Lieutenant Maury j
requested to be assigned to the station which he 1
now occupies. i
Mr. MALLORY. Yes, sir. I will have his
letter requesting it read.
Mr. BELL, of Tennessee. If the Senator
says so, there is no necessity to read the letter;
but I have understood that he did not apply for
}he place.
Mr. MALLORY. Let the letter be read.
The Secretary read it, as follows:
Fredericksburg, Virginia, February 23, 1842.
Sir : I have to-day, and for the first time, seen the bill,
as repoited by Mr. Wise, to reorganize the Navy Depart-
ment. The Secretary, it provides, may appoint any one,
in or out of the Navy, to the Hydrogiaphical Bureau.
There is no want in the Navy of the qualifications requi-
site for the duties of such a bureau; and, should this pro-
vision of the bill become a law, I confidently indulge the
hope that the honorable Secretary will have no occasion to
look beyond the Navy for a suitqJMe appointment.
1 do not wish to interfere impropeily with the better
claims of better officeis, but, should oflicera. of my rank be
considered as eligible to the place, T respectfully ask to be
numbered amongst the applicants for it.
As to my qualifications for such an office, I beg leave to
refer to my work on navigation and its Jcmdicd blanches,
to the files of the Department, and to the officers of the
Navy generally; and upon these te&tuuomals I humbly
rest my claims.
Respectfully, your obedient servant,
M. F. MAURY,
Lieutenant United Stales Nax'y.
Hon. A. P. Upshur, Secretary of the Navy, Washington City.
Mr. BELL, of Tennessee. I have not denied
that he desired to be placed in the station spoken
of in that letter. My statement was that he had
not sought his promotion to the head of the Na-
tional Observatory. When, in 1842, he made the
application which has been read, he was probably
disabled for sen service.
Mr. MALLORY. The present Observatory
has grown up out of the Hydrograplucal Bureau.
The system of our administrative Government
consists in clerkships,.bureaus, and departments.
We know, fioni what is gome: on around us
every day, how clerkships grow into bureaus,
and bureaus into departments. When the Hy-
drographical Bureau was established, Lieutenant
Maury sought to be placed at the head of it. I
do not state this with the design of reflecting on
him. I am glad that he did it. Tic has conferred
honoron the position; and I am disposed to yield
him full credit for it. I stated that in 1837 he did
seek to be relieved from sea duty when he had
received a direct order to go to sea, and that he
urged as a reason that it was contrary to his in-
terest to go to sea on that occasion. 1 stated that
in 1838 he was again relieved from sea duty, at
his own request, not because an exploring expe-
dition was disbanded or broken up, as my friend
supposes  *
Mr. BELL, of Tennessee. I did notgive thnt
as his reason for declining; I did not know that
he had declined.
Mr. MALLORY. In 1840 he was again re-
lieved from sea duty in consequence of disability.
In 1841 he was again relieved at Ins own request
for the same cause—disability.
Mr. BELL, of Tennessee. His disability at
that period is admitted.
Mr. MALLORY. Whatever may be the causc,
the fact is, that Lieutenant. Maury has seen less
sea service than many of the midshipmen—I may
perhaps say, less than a majority of midshipmen,
who have seen much sea service afloat. 1 say, in
addition to this, that naval rank should be con-
ferred for service on the sea. My friend from
Tennessee, in defining: the duties of naval officers,
speaks of them as diplomatists, conducting our
treaties with foreign Governments. I acknowl-
edge that such duties arc incidental to the posi-
tion of a naval officer; and, sir, whenever they have
been performed by naval officers, they have been
well and wisely performed, and the country has
sustained them. We have never found a dearth
of that kind of talent in our Navy.
But the duties performed by the head of the
Observatory, and the duties performed by the
distinguished gentlemen now having charge of
the Nautical Almanac, to whom allusion has been
made, are all connected with the. Navy, but they
are not essentially the duties of a naval officer,
which are legitimately, and as universally under-
stood, involved in the protection of the honor and
interests of the country on the seas. If I iinder-
stand anything of the design of Congress in the
passage of this law, it was that the Navy should
be composed of sea-going men, and not of men
unfamiliar with the seaman's duties, however
scientific they might be. I will grant that Mr.
Maury is a Newton, if you please; and when I
grant that, I contend that he is not necessarily a
seaman. I will grant that he is a Herschel, or
a Hassler, if you please; but it does not follow
that he can equip, man, or station your ships, or
carry them into action, or that he is competent
to meet the countless and important duties of a
sea officer in command.
"Why, sir,*if the duties of a naval officer were
such as my friend from Tennessee has depicted
them, I can readily conceive that there might be
many men incompetent to perform them. As it
is, our Navy is so limited—so few vessels have
we afloat—that some of the duties of a practical
seaman are unknown to a large number of our
officers. I believe no commodore has had charge
of a sufficient fleet to enable him to enter upon
fleet sailing, maneuvering-, and tactics, since
Commodore Morris commanded the Brazil sta-
tion. It is quite possible that, in consequence of
ou,r small Navy afloat and the want of practice,
there are many men among our officers who could
not maneuver a fleet for twenty-four hours and
have every ship in sight of his flag all the time.
Why ? Because they have not had the opportu-
nity to learn. The profession is making progress
every day, and to keep up with the times we
want our naval officers on the sea. Those men
who have carried our flag on the great deep—who
have been all over the world during their profes-
sional career, and have not sought the luxury of
places on shtirc—are entitled to yiereased military
rank, the only reward we have to bestow. Create,
if you please, a scientific corps, and confer on it
any emoluments you please; place Lieutenant
Maury at the head of it, and I would say nothing;
he \ftwld then have his appropriate sphere. I uo
not know why the naval board retired Lieutenant
Maury. I have not conversed with one of them,
nor do 1 know their views. I only answer the
position sought to be maintained here, that Lieu-
tenant Maury although engaged for sixteen years
on scientific duties which do not involve the duties
of seamanship, is yet a practical seaman, and
i entitled to military command for civil duties. I
i deny it; and I deny, also, that an astute merchant
j or shipowner would select to navigate one of his
i ships across the Atlantic a man who had not been
| to sea for sixteen years, in preference to a seaman
| in the constant practice of his profession.
( Mr. BELL, of Tennessee. Could he not be
j sent us first or second lieutenant under an ex-
I pericnced commander? Would it not be safe to
send such a man in such a capacity? The hon-
| orablo Senator would not have all officers com-
i manders ? Would ho have midshipmen and heu-
i tenants to be commanders?
| Mr. MALLORY. In answer to that, I beg
; leave to say that we ourselves have established
the theory, and the fact corresponds to the theory,
that there is not a midshipman who leaves the
i Naval Academy who is not competentto take com-
| mand of afiigaie. They are all practical seamen.
1 A lieutenant should not be permitted to stand
' upon deck as a lieutenant unless competent to
perform the captain's duties.
! Rnt Lieutenant Maury's complaint is, that he
| was retired; and if he had nat been retired he
■ must have been promoted to a commander, and
I could not have gone to sea as a lieutenant.
i But, sir, 1 will not detain the Senate. I do not
wish to throw the slightest shade on the reputa-
tion of Mr. Maury, but, on the contrary, to sus-
tain and reward it. But I contend here that the
object of the law of the last session was to reform
our Navy, and to create a corps of efficient officers
; competent to the performance of all its legitimate
I demands.
j The PRESIDENT. The petition will be re-
i ferrcd to the Committee on Naval Affairs.
! Mr. CLAYTON. Mr. President, I will avail
i myself of this occasion to make afew remarks in
regard to the subject which has been under dis-
cussion to-day. 1 was desirous that it should not
be debated m open session; but as it seems to be
the pleasure of gentlemen that memorials shall be
! dav after day presented and remarks made upon
! individual cases, I will express briefly some of
i my own views in regard to the matter. I find no
I fault with the course pursued by my friend from
! Maryland, [Mr. Pearce,] or others like him, who
' have confined themselves to the cases made in
■ the memorials they presented, without attacking
' and criminating' others.
i What is the object of these memorials addressed
' to the Senate ? It is expectcd that some remedy
, is to be found for the evils alleged in them, within
: the power of the Senate. What remedy is sought?
