276
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 21,
It is supposed—for it has been so urged in de-
bate—that it is within our power, and that it is
our duty, to reject the nomination of the officers
whose names, it is understood, have been pre-
sented! to the Senate to fill the places vacated by
the action of the naval board, including members
of the naval board and others—and thus it is
desired to provide a remedy for those who claim
to have been aggrieved by the decision of the
President, founded on the report of the board.
Now. sir, I ask the attention of the Senate for a
few moments to the consideration of that remedy.
Another has been suggested and argued—very
"well argued by anothiA* gentleman; I have nothing
to say about that, but Preference to this proposed
remedy i wish biiefly to examine it.
Is it our duty—can it possibly bo our duty—to
furnish a remedy for these alleged evils by the
rejection of tin* nominations which have been pre-
sented to the Senate to fill the vacancies caused
by the retiring- and dropping of naval officers by
the President? This decision flows from the
joint action of the Senate, the House of liepro-
sentatives, and the President of the United States.
All these coordinate branches of the legislative
department, if I may so call them, had to concur
in the act of Congress which gave authority
to the naval board appointed to deride on the
competency and efficiency of naval officers. If
mdiwdual gentlemen who formed it weie asked
whether they went wdhngly and cheerfully to
the performance of tho duty assigned thi.ni, there
is not one of them who would not say tiff I he
would rather now go into action at any time with
a common frigate agunst a Jir.U-rate seventy-foui,
tnan perform the duty winch lie was compelled to
perform while acting 011 that naval board. There
is not a man who Bought that duty—not one; and
theie is nut a m,>n among them who would not
gladly have avoided it, if that had been in his
power: but, sir, they were under the command
of the Secretary of the Navy, and, although
some of them entreated to be released, they Were
ordered to go upon duty; and they could with
as much propriety have refused, upon the call of
their country or of their superior officer, to go
into action with an enemy as they could huve
relaxed to seive on that boaid. Dismissal from
the Navy jtself would ha\e been a fair punish-
ment for any man who had chosen, on that occa-
sion, to skulk a nd avoided his duty. It presents
itself to my mind as something ivsemblin'j; a jury;
and we have heard that jurors have sometimes,
in some wild sections of the far West, b<*  n run
down, tied, and put into the jury-box and com-
pelled to serve. The jury ihus compelled to
nerve, and to which a specific issue is presented,
decides that issue according to the very best judg-
ment which Govl has gi\en them; and lmmeiii-
iittly ufnr the jurois have thus discharged their
duty, they are, for dom;* so, (o he. tied up,
whipped, or shot, according to the discretion of
those who foiced them into tin* jury-box, and
who choose to decide that they Were guilty of an
error!
Hut, sir, there are considerations extending
beyond the mere matter of justice to these indi-
viduals, as men. The^e is something due to the
ehara( ter of the Senate. As i have remarked, we
are but one of the thiee blanches of the Govern-
ment which concurred m the passage of this act.
X a&k if it is in accordance with good faith for i he
Smote (after tho other two br.tncln s have con-
sented to the act, and whose action was as neces-
sary to the passage of that law as ours) to arroga to
the right to repeal that law, or nullify it, or lo de-
cide the whole question—whether justice has been
done—whether the law has been properly carried
out—m:d to punish the individuals who were
selected by the executive department for the pur-
pose of performing the duty enjoined by that law ?
1 say that it would be in contravention and eon-
tempt of that faith which holds the moral elements
of the world together, end which cannot be vio-
lated without deep and lasting injury to the char-
acter of the Senate. What, sir, are we to go
behind the whole of these nominations, instead
of inquiring into the fitness of the nomm«cs ? Are
we to assume the right to go beyond the question,
whether these naval officers are fit fortlieplacesfor
which they are pioposcd, and because we may
think that some other officers have been unjustly
dealt with; and for that reason alone are we to
reject the. nominations made by the President?
I repeat, that, according to my judgment, such •[ he was not the man to fight a ship or maneuver
a course would be contrary to that implied under- ;i a fleet or a squadron. Having not been to sea in
standing, that honorable understanding, that good ji twenty-one years, it cannot be supposed that he
faith, which ought always to exist between the i j ia now, however gifted by nature, a seaman of the
different members of the same Government. II requisite experience for the standing he had m the
Sir, it is a difficult thing for any man to discuss \ j Navy.
this question publicly and to do it justice. No jl Lieutenant Maury's is not the only case that
one of us feels disposed to wound the feelings i | presents itself prominently. My old friend, Com-
of any individual connected with our Navy. I | modore Stewart, of Philadelphia—whose name
trust that we should all desire, if called upon to j
do an unpleasant duty in reference to any of these !
gentlemen, to do it so as to inflict the least pos- !
sible degree of pain. When we are asked, then, ■
by honorable gentlemen on this floor, as the
is honored throughout the land, whose gallant
actions during the last war won the applause of
all his couiitryineiv, the hero who captured two
British ships of war with one of our frigates—is
represented by some as having been degraded by
i chairman of tho Naval Committee is constantly j; the action of the naval board, and of the Execu-
askod, why was Lieutenant Maury dismissed?—
why was A, or B, or C, or D dropped or retired?
—what a most invidious duty then devolves on
him who undertakes to answer these interroga-
tories! lie is called upon to point out all the
defects, all the evidences of inefficiency or in-
competency in the man whose name is presented,
j "What Senator will willingly undertake any such
task? There" cannot be equal terms granted to
! those who engage in such a discussion. We
cannot meet the:'e inquiries without doing a most
painful duty winch no nun likes to undertake.
No one of us desires to go forward and point out
the defects of any one of the officers of the
Navy. A man may have been intemperate, lie
tive in consequence of it. I look upon it not at
all m that light. I do not consider that any at-
tempt was made to dishonor that gallant veteran.
If I did, I should resent it as an outrage not to
be forgiven. I do not believe that any member
of the naval board would have ever consented
to any report which euuhl have reflected on the
high character Commodore Stewart had so justly
earned. But, sir, wh it is the fact?,, He is said
to he a man of eighty-three years. He is now
superintendent of tho navy-yard at Philadelphia,
and i have no doubt he discharges all the necessary
duties of that station; but he may not have been
inside the gate of the navy-yard perhaps within
i six months. He discharges all Ins necessary
may have been insane, he may have been utterly j j duties there, I am assured; yet, if he were placed on
, but no one will volun- ■; board a ship in his present advanced stage of life,
inefficient or incompetent
teer to say anything about it. Every one teeis
that enough has already been done if the Board
has dropped an incompetent officer. Not one of
us would be willing to add to the pang—if there
has been a pang—cioated by the action of the
board which owed its origin to our own act of
Congress. Therefore, 1 say, each of the^o me-
morials presents a case that cannot be discussed
here with propriety, or so as to do equal justice
to oil concerned.
Now, sir, permit me to say a few words in re-
gard to iliac gentleman whose name has been pre-
sented so prominently to-day—Lieutenant Ivlaury.
We aio all proud of the fame which he has ac-
quired, not only in his own country, but abroad.
"We honor him, and no man among us would
wish to point to a blot on his escutcheon if we
found one. No charge is pretended to have been
made agauist lus character. The report of this
board did not necssarily, or by any fair impli-
catloo, degrade or disgrace Lieutenant Maury, or
any oth. r man who was placed upon the retired
hst. What, sir! may not a man be incompetent
or inefficient as a ua\ al o Ulcer, and yet be a highly
j honoiabie man, fitted for other duties in the world
| and for other avocations in life? Would a law-
i yer, who had gone through along and successful
I caiecr at tho bar, oil being told, when he had
, arrived at eighty or ninety years of age, that he
| was no longer competent to perform the duties of
i his laborious profession, feel himself degraded or
! di>graced by that? Surely not. We know the
' effect of old age, even m our own profession—1
| speak to gentlemen not merely Ii.tc as Senators,
j but knowing the fact that most of them have been
| piiists. No, sir ; and yet the degree of physical
j efficiency required in the ease of a naval ofiieer
| is vastly areatei than in the ease of a competent
| judicial oth'jer or jurist.
! Lieutenant Maury is jus'ly honored by his
| country. He holds a position which he well de-
. serves, where he receives £.3,000 a year, a house,
! a farm, a carnage, 1 believe, and "where he has
; the distribution of sixty or sixty-five thousand
dollars a year, if J am not mistaken, for tho pur
is he the efneient eeaman who should command
your flee' * That he retains his ment'sl powers,
nobody doubis. That he has all that nravery
With which God endowed hmi for th" good and
hoaur of Ins country, no mail questions. But
still is he the man now for active military life, or
for naval warfare?
I tlunk it was Napoleon himself who said, after
the battle of Austciluz, that he should be able
and lit for war for five years longer, he thought,
from the extraordinary strength of lus constitu-
tion, but no longer. We know well, sir, that
even at that period when men are considered to
be in the middle of life,-in his Russian campaign,
how very far infeiior he was to that Napoleon
who was victor in the battles of his fir,>1 great
Italian campaign, and m tho second Italian cam-
paign at ?,lirenoo, and indeed m all those great
battles that were fought while he was in the bloom
of youth and in the vigor of manhood.
Sir, at (lie battle of Marengo—pardon me for
rcc'uring to it for a moment—Melas, the Aus-
trian general, I think, was eighty-four years of age,
but had bem a most able warrior and an admi-
rable general. He was able to keep the field until
four o'clock in the afternoon, and so long as ha
kept it, Napoleon was nearly overthrown. His
| three lines had been driven back in confusion on
I one another, and one part of his army was in
entire rout. When M'das was compelled, by
! physical debility, to leave the field, he lost the
• victory. From thatm en^Jit, as others were igno-
i rant of his plans, which the imbecility of ago pre-
| vented linn from executing, the tide of victory set
I in favor of the French; from that moment the
| sLicre^ful charges were made by Kethman and
: others, which earned victory to the French stand-
i ard.
! Sir, there i-s a period of human life when men
j should retire from active service,^neer as c* 'll-
1 ians or military men. But no man is dishonoicd
i by retiring from such a cause. Age is honor-
, ablrt, and no man can be disgraced by it. Then
1 r.gam, sir, there are many other reasons upon
, which 'ho board may have founded its opinion.
pose of prosecuting those great scientific inquiries j and doubtless did found its opinion, that some of
_ _ '.1. 1,  „ 1.. . - .1   C ,1      .1,. ' 1 ♦ 1   ,  ^,,-,<1 nun' Cri)' nftn-n
which have already conferred upon him so much
honorable faale. He has the cooperation and
assistance of ten or fifteen (1 know not precisely
how many) men to act under hup m making his
charts, and otherwise aiding his investigations.
New-ton himself was not hotter rewarded than he
has been by his country; and are we to be told ,
that such a man, because he cannot stand upon , have engaged m this debate.
these oncers were incompetent and unfit for active
service: and for those reasons did not disgra.ee
them, though they retired or dropped them from
the service altogether.
I thought it proper to say thus much, sir, for
the purpose of arresting some errors whit h had
been propagated by the remarks of others who
the deck of a ship, and do the duty of a young,
: active, and efficient naval officer, is to be held dc-
| graded or disgraced? Far from it. I look upon j
i it in no such light. I am sure no member of the I
j naval board thought of dishonoring Lieutenant j
j Maury by placing him on the retired list, and
' saying, high as he was, elevated as he was justly i
Mi. BROWN. Mr. President, if it had suited
; the purpose of other Senators to allow this whole
question to lie over until the Committee on Naval
Affairs should have reported upon it, that course
would have suited me, and ) think would better
have comported with the fitness of this occa-
sion. But, since other Senators have thought
i considered in the estimation of his country, that j proper to defend their positions, there can bo no
