1856.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1003
ment has presented to Congress. I perceive, by
this bill, that $1,250,000 are wanted for malting
alterations in old muskets. _
I am not much of a military man; the most I
ever did in that way was to go a gunning a little
when I was a boy; but I am told by some of those
who have knowledge on such subjects, that these
old muskets will be worth nothing when your
$1,250,000 shall have been expended on them,—
nothing compared with the improved arms that
have come into use since they were made. The
alteration proposed to be made in these muskets
is, I understand, to change them from a flint-lock
to a percussion-lock, with Maynard's primer. I
believe that is it.
Mr. WELLER. And to rifle them.
Mr. HALE. Then I am right; the proposi-
tion is to take these old muskets now in the arm-
ories with flint-locks, to rifle them, and put on
?ercussion-locks, with Maynard's primer. Now,
am told by those who pretend to have some
knowledge on the subject, that these old arm3,
after this enormous sum shall have been expended
upon them, will not be worth much more than
before, when they are compared with the other
improvements which have been made in small-
arms. , They will be a great improvement on
what they now are, but they will not be what
they ought to be; because modern experience, as
I am told, suggests that the breech-loading mus-
kets and rifles are entirely superseding the use of
those loaded at the muzzle; and one breech-load -
ing rifle is worth a dozen of those of the other
kind. If you spend your $1,250,000 in repairing
these old muskets, and fit Maynard's primer to
them, they will not be so near to the standard
which modern improvements now require,as they
were with flint-locks when they were made. In
other words, the breech-loading rifles will take
the advantage of them altogether.
I further understand—though this subject comes
up so suddenly that I have not had time to inform
myself upon it—that an appropriation was asked
for and granted to the War Department, some
time ago, of $90,000, for the purpose of experi-
menting' with breech-loading rifles; and I am told
that that sum has not been expended; that the
experiment has not been made. These old gun?,
though they will be very good with Maynard's
primer in dry weather, will not stand wet
weather.
Besides, I am opposed on principle to the whole
Government armory business. I can inform the
Senate—and I do not mean to be arrogant in giving
this information—that you can go to the best
armory in the world—at Hartford—and contract
with one of the best manufacturers in this coun-
try—the very best, I believe, Colonel Colt—tdi-
al 1 your work in making and repairing arms, at a
price ten per cent, less than what it now costs
you in the Government armories. He will give
you a much better arm at ten per cent, less cost.
If you want anything of that sort, I think it is
better to go where you can get the work done
best, and at a less price than what it costs in the
Government armories. That is another reason
why I am opposed to this bill.
But here, it seems to me, is another very extra-
ordinary item, and I wish to call to it the atten-
tion of gentlemen who have any doubts about
voting for the bill. Here is an extraordinary ap-
propriation " for supplying ammunition to sea-
coast, garrison, and field guns, $450,000." That
is in addition to the regular estimates of the Sec-
retary at the commencement of the session. If
we go on and appropriate this enormous, this
extraordinary sum of $450,000 for ammunition,
simply for sea-coast, garrison, and field guns, at
this tune, what reason can we give to the people
of this country for it? Is there anything in the
state of our affairs, is there anything in the aspcct
of any question involved in ourforeign relations,
that calls for such an enormous and extraordinary
appropriation for ammunition ?
There is another aspect in which I desire to
look at this question, and in which I wish Sen-
ators to look at it; and that is, as a mere matter of
economy. I do not know but that the day has
passed for talking about economy in this Govern-
ment; but we must come to it. This Adminis-
tration is spending money with a profuseness—
not to use any worse term beginning with a " P,
that is altogether unprecedented. They have
reached, now to a sum between seventy and eighty
millions of dollars a year. We appropriated last
Congress between seventy and eighty millions.
Over fifty millions were exclusive of any pay-
ments for the public debt. That amount was
certainly higher than the expenditures during any
year of the war with Great Britain. I do not know
whether we reached as high a range during the
first or second year of the war with Mexico; but
I think that during the last year, in the time of
profound peace, with a "model President," we
have expended more money than we ever did in
the most extravagant year of war.
Mr. CASS. It is a mistake.
Mr. HALE. "Well, sir, I am glad to hear it;
but it is not a great mistake, is it?
Mr. CASS. It is a mistake.
Mr. HALE. I am told that it is a mistake. I
have not the book before me, and I do not speak
on my own authority. It is nota mistake, how-
ever, to say that the expenditure was between
seventy ana eighty millions.
Mr. CASS. It is nota mistake as to the amount
of the appropriations; but they were made by you
as well as by me.
Mr. HALE. Oh, no; I was in private life.
Mr. CASS. The honorable Senator will par-
don me for a moment. This is the old question
over again, which we have discussed a thousand
times. I wish him to treat the issue with fairness,
and not charge all the blame on the Democratic
party, or on the Administration. The appropri-
ations have been made by Congress itself, of
which he and 1 are a portion—many of them in
spite of executive recommendations. The hon-
orable Senator knows that, within a night or two
of the last session of almost every Congress for
some years past, millions have been added to the
expenses of the country by the action of Congress.
Mr. CRITTENDEN, (to Mr. Hale.) What
were the war expenses?
Mr. HALE. I have not the book before me
which contains the statement, but I have sentfor
it, and expect to have it directly.
The honorable Senator from Michigan wishes
me to treat this question fairly, and I shall en-
deavor to do so. He says it was not the Presi-
dent who did this, nor should I charge it on the
Democratic party, but on Congress. Well, sir,
I if the Democratic party has not controlled Con-
' gress pretty generally, and the Senate particularly,
for the last—I do not know how many years—I
am mistaken; but my friend from Kentucky [Mr.
Chittenden] can tell better than I can, for his
name is connected with the history of Congress.
I admit that, if the Democratic party have not
controlled Congress, they are not responsible. _
Mr. CASS. You slip into the majority once in
a while, and then you control us.
Mr. HALE. We will take the responsibility
when we have the majority. I say the expendi-
ture by this Government of between seventy and
eighty millions of dollars in one year, in a time of
profound pcace, is something that ought to arrest
our attention; and, if it does not arrest our atten-
tion, I think it will arrest the attention of the
people. This expenditure has been, too, at a
period when the people of this country have been
suffering under the pressure of hard times from
one end of the Union to the other, and when there
has probably been more complaint, not merely in
the commercial cities, but in the rural districts,
of hard times and an inability to procure the
necessaries of life, than there has been for a great
number of years before. What has been the
occasion of it? It has been because your Govern-
ment has spent money so enormously.
I sent to the Secretary's office for a list of the
annual expenditures from the year 1790 to the
present time; but it has not yet been brought to
me. I will not detain the Senate, if they feel un-
willing to give me the indulgence w-hich I ask.
Mr. WELLER. Let us take the question.
The PRESIDENT. Does the Senator desire
that the question shall be now put?
Mr. HALE. I sent for the document, but 1
have not yet received it; and I cannot proceed
without it. If the Senate insists on taking a vote
under these circumstancss, of course I have noth
ing to say."
The PRESIDENT. The question is on post-
poning the further consideration of the bill until
to-morrow.
Mr. SEWARD called for the yeas and nays;
and they were ordered.
Mr. ADAMS. I voted againstthe engrossment
of this bill when it was first presented, and 1 shall
vote against its passage now;" but J[ can see,.no.
propriety in its postponement. . It is suggested
by the Senator from New Hampshire that the Sen-
ate is not full, and that there are Senators-absent
who would like to record their votes againstthe
bill. I think that, if Senators wish- to record their
votes against any measure, it is their duty .to be
here; and I have no idea that we shall have a
fuller House to-morrow than we have to-day.
Therefore, I shallagainstthe postponement.
I shall vole against the bill; not because I have
any positive objection to it, but I am tnot con-
vinced of the necessity of the appropriation. On
that ground only, I shall vote against it.  
As to the expenditures of the Government, it
is not my purpose to defend the Democratic
party, or the President. I can only say thfit I
think any objection on that ground comes with
rather bad grace from the Senator from New
Hampshire; for if that Senator voted against any
of the $70,000,000 which were appropriated, 1 am
mistaken. I think that he voted for an appropri-
ation of $15,000,000, which the President vetoed,
and which did not become a law. My opinion
is that there should be individual and not party
responsibility in regard to expenditures.
In my opposition to this bill I have been gov-
erned mainly by the principle suggested by the
Senator. The Senate has already, at the present
session, beyond the ordinary appropriations,
agreed to appropriate $5 ,500,000 for war vessels,-
and $3,000,000 for the defense of our coast; and
we propose to appropriate $3,000,000 more by
this bill. These sums are beyond the regular,
and usual appropriations. We appropriated at
the last Congress over $70,000,000, which, it is
said, were not enough for the purposes of Gov-
ernment by about $4,500,000, now embraced in
the deficiency bill. I think it is time that we
should look into this subject with more caution
and more care; we should rcduce the duties,
diminish the revenues of the Government so as
to cease taxing the people as much as they have
been taxed. I object, however, to the Senator
from New Hampshire speaking of extravagance
when he votes, according to my recollection, for
nearly all extravagant expenditures that are pro-
posed. I shall vote against the postponement.
Mr. FOOT. The morning hour has nearly
expired. At one o'clock the special order will
come up. The remainder of the morning hour
will be occupied in calling the yeas and nays on
the pending question in regard to this bill. I
trust that, inasmuch as the hour of one has so
nearly arrived, when it is understood that the
honorable Senator from Texas [Mr. Houston]
is to address the Senate on another subject, the
call for the yeas and nays will be withdrawn by
common consent, and this bill will go over until
to-morrow.
Mr. SEWARD. I withdraw the call.
The PRESIDENT. The call for the yeas and
nays can only be withdrawn by unanimous con-
sent.
There was no objection; and the further con-
sideration of the bill was postponed until to-mor-
row.
DANISH SOUND DUES.
Mr. MASON. I hope the Senate will allow
me to call up the report and resolution of the
Committee on Foreign Relations on the question
of the sufficiency of the notice to terminate the"
treaty with Denmark. The Senator who moved
the original resolution is in his place; and, as I
shall be necessarily absent after Saturday next for
a week, it would be desirable to me that the mat-
ter should be disposed of in the mean time.
Mr. SUMNER. I have a proposition to make
by way of amendment to that of the committee
on which I shall desire to be heard when it is
called up. I would suggest, therefore, that it may
be called up in the morning hour to-morrow.
Mr. MASON. I ask the Senate to take up the
report now, with a view to make it the special
order for half past twelve o'clock to-morrow.
The motion to take up the report was agreed to.
Mr. MASON. I move that it be postponed,
and made the special order for to-morrow, at jiaif
past twelve o'clock.
Mr. COLLAMER. I wish to hear the reso-
lution reported by the committee.
