1850.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1877
Mr. FITZPATRICK. In answer to the argu-
ment urged by my honorable friend from Florida,
I will say to him, that I think the character of the
claims to which his amendment refers has been
under investigation in the Committee on Military
Affairs; and in the course of the examination it
was ascertained that there was an unexpended
balance of *$30,000, out of which they might be
paid. In addition to that, the claims embraced in
my bill have been the subject of scrutiny and ex-
amination, and report by a board of commission-
ers appointed by the President, and have under-
gone the investigations of committees of this body
for the last ten years. The amendment of my
friend from Florida is presented simply as his
own motion, and the Senate cannot vote under-
standingly upon it. I know, from the examina-
tion 1 have made of the Florida claims outstand-
ing, that there is now in the Treasury almost
money enough appropriated, which has not been
expended, to pay them. Under these circum-
stances, I trust my friend will not persist in at-
taching his amendment to my bill.
Mr.'BROWN. 1 wish to inquire of my friend
from Alabama how much it is estimated to cost
to pay for these claims under this bill, if passed?
Mr. CLAY. It is already fixed by the com-
missioners.
Mr. BROWN". Then the sum ought to be put
in the bill. T do not think it proper to pass bills
to settle Indian claims indefinitely, without limit-
ing the amount, and without any succinct report,
stating upon what these claims are based. So
far as the bill is concerned, if I read it correctly,
it opens the whole Treasury of the United States
to the payment of these claims.
Mr. FiTZPATRICK. I am very willing to
limit it to the amount audited and determined by
the commissioners. I think that is about three
hundred and fifty thousand dollars.
Mr. BROWN. I should consider that safer.
Mr. FITZPATRICK. I am willing to agree
to that amendment.
Mr. HUNTER. What is the object of this
bill? To pay for Indian depredations?
Mr. Fi TZPATRICK. To refer it to the Sec-
retary of War to receive the proof before the
commissioners in 1837 and 1838, and any addi-
tional proof; and if he thinks the claims just, to
pay them.
Mr. HUNTER. I should like to hear the bill
read. I was not in the Chamber when it was
taken up.
The Secretary again read the bill.
Mr. STUAPJT. I desire to make an inquiry
of the honorable gentleman from Alabama as to
the effect oi this language of this bill, as 1 heard
it read, k< without regard to existing rules and
regulations.I wish to know how that changes
the rule of evidence which now exists as to such
° MJ!'FITZPATRfCK. The testimony was
collected by three commissioners sent to the Creek
country m 1837, who have reported all the facts
and evidence, and their report is now on record
n the office of the Secretary of War. Many of
the witnesses are dead; others have moved away
te parts unknown; and the object of this phrase-
ology of the bill is to recognize the testimony
then taken as good, and not to icquire additional
evidence to be taken over again. It is now on
file, taken by Government agents, by the authority
and requirements of law, and reported to the War
Department in 1H38 or 1839.
Mr. STUART. That is not precisely ^ my (
question, although the statement is substantially |
aa answer to a part of it; but what are the exist-
ing rules and regulations which would exclude
that testimony ?
Mr. FITZPATRICK. The existing rules and
regulations I undeistand to lequlru new testi-
mony, and under them the claims would be .
i-ejected, because many ot the witnesses are dead, ■
and others have gone away.
Mr. STUART. When was the latest testimony
taken ?
Mr. FITZPATRICK. In 1840. It is here on
record. Here is the report showing^the nature
and exact amount of each claim. The total is
£3-19,1:20 37.
Mr. TOOMBS. And $20,000 of that has been
paid.
Mr. FFTZFATRICK. Twenty thousand dol-
lars has been paid to the Bank of Georgia. The
name of every sufferer is recorded here, amount-
ing to one thousand and three names. All this
was reported under the authority of three com-
missioners sent out by Mr. Van Buren in 1837. I
am willing to limit the amount by striking out
the $20,0(J0 paid to the Bank of Georgia.
Mr. TOOMBS. That is the claim of II. W.
Jarnigan & Co.
Mr. FITZPATRICK. That will just leave
$329,120 37 as the amount to be paid.
Mr. HUNTER. I should like to know why
it is, if this claim is of so old a date, that it has
never been paid before. If it has been proved that
it existed, what is the reason why it has never
been paid before now?
Mr. TOOMBS. I can answer the gentleman.
He has very frequently pieveuted it himself. I
came within two or three votes, three or four
years ago, of putting it on the Indian appropria-
tion hill, but he opposed it. After these damages
in 1836, upon the recommendation of General
Jackson, commissioners were appointed to go
out and investigate these losses. The commis-
sioners were appointed by Mr. Van Buren. They
went out, and were for a year or more engaged in
taking testimony, which they reported to Con-
gress. The Committee of Claims of the other
House at first reported against payment, on the
ground that the losses occurred during war; and
it has been before one House or the other, like a
great many other claims against the Government,
session after session, without final action. The
ground of objection has been that these were
losses sustained during war. When we get at
the merits of the case, it will be found that only a
portion of the Creek tribe broke out and com-
mitted these depredations, so that there was no
actual war. The matter has been again and again
before Congress, and the whole history*is on the
public records. The object of this bill is to pay
these claims as ascertained by the commissioners
of the United States appointed to take testimony.
It has been regularly reported on favorably for
the last eight or ten years in both Houses, I think.
Mr. IVERSON. If the Senate will allow me,
I will make a very brief explanation in regard to
the character of these claims.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Weller
in the chair.) Only two or three minutes of the
morning hour remain.
Mr. IVERSON. Then I move to postpone
the special order, so as to proceed with the con-
sideration of this bill.
Mr. CLAYTON. Has the morning hour
expired?
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Weller.)
The Senator from Georgia moves to postpone
the prior orders, and proceed with the consider-
ation of this bill.
Mr. IVERSON. It cannot take long.
Mr. CLAYTON. I should prefer going on
with the special order.
Mr. FITZPATRICK. I certainly think I
have some claim on the courtesy of the Senate. :
My State has scarcely ever asked for the consid-
eration of a subject of any importance to her
during the present session of Congiess. This
measure has been delayed for the la>>t five years,
to my certain knowledge; and it s<-ein^ to me, but
an act of sheer justice to a State which ha* made
as few demands on the liberality of Congress as
the State of Alabama, that they should at_ least
extend to us a shoit time for the consideration of
this bill. I am willing to say that, if it proceeds
too far in the day, I shall not insist on it, for I
.do notwish to be unreasonable. I throw myself
on the indulgence of the Senate. 1^ or the con-
sideration of a question affecting so large a num- j
bcr of constituents of mine as this does, it seems
to me but proper to allow a reasonable time. If ,
not closed within the next hour, I shall allow it
to be postponed,
Mr. BRIGHT. By the rules of the Senate,
to-day is set a\>art for the consideration of_ pri-
vate claims; and this is, in fact, but a private
claim. The motion of the Senator from Georgia,
if it shall prevail, will only be, in effect, giving
preference to this over other private bills. If we
can dispose of this, I should like to see it done;
and then I shall be glad to get up the case of Mi.
Thompson, which is another private claim. I
hope the Senate will not object to that course.
Wo shall expedite business by disposing of sub-
jects which we take up.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. This is an ap-
propriation for the States of Georgia and Ala-
bama, and the Chair can hardly consider it a
private claim.
Mr. MALLORY. I ask the Senator from
Georgia to modify his motion so as to postpone
the prior orders for one hour, or some limited
time ?
Mr. IVERSON. I have no objection to that.
I move to postpone the prior orders for one hour,
so as to continue the consideration of this bill.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. SEWARD. I desire to ask the honorable
Senator from Alabama, for information, whether
he has accepted, orproposes to accept, the amend-
ment of the Senator from Florida?
Mr. FITZPATRICK. No, sir. _
Mr. SEWARD. I ask the question because I
think one of these cases is enough to dispose of
at one time—one Indian war—and I think that
heretofore the Congress of the United States has
been liberal in regard to Florida, if it has not
been in regard to Georgia and Alabama. I am
willing to give this hour to Georgia and Alabama,
but I shall want to consider a little while before
I extend the same indulgence to Florida, after
the liberality she has had on that subject here-
tofore.
Mr. IVERSON. If the Senate will listen to
me for a few moments, I will explain the whole
character of these claims. It will be remembered,
no doubt, by the Senate, that it has been the
policy of the Administrations for many years
past, to remove the Indians on this side the Mis-
sissippi to their new homes in the West. It
was a favorite policy of General Jackson, file
Cherokees, Choctaws, Chickasaws, and Creeks,
in the South and Southwest, were exceedingly
troublesome to the Government; and the claims
of the citizens of Alabama and Georgia were
pressing on the Government for the removal of
these Indians to the west. It was difficult to
get them to go west, especially the Creeks, who
were very fond of their old homes. In order to
hinder their removal, they had a law passed by
the nation, which prevented any chief from vot-
ing for a cession of their lands to the General
Government, and imposed the penalty of death
on any man who would vote for the cession
of their lands. Under this law the celebrated
Chief, General Mcintosh, was killed for having
entered into the treaty of Indian Springs. Under
this law, it was impossible for the Government
to effect the removal of the Creek Indians; and,
in order to induce them to cede their lands in the
State of Alabama, and remove to the west, to
carry out this favorite policy of the General
Government, the treaty of March, 1832, wag
enteied into, in which a provision was intro-
duced, giving to each chief of the nation aa
individual reservation of six hundred and forty
acres of land, and to each hpad of a private
family three hundred and twenty acres of land;
and a provision was made by which these reser-
vations could be sold to individual purchasers,
and, if the individuals remained oil them for five
years, they were to he entitled to a fee-simple
for the land. It was the policy of the Govern-
ment to induce the Indians to sell out these reser-
vations, in order to remove West. This provision
was, therefore, introduced into the treaty, au-
thorizing the sales of the reservations, and pro-
viding that agents should be appointed by the
General Government, to certify to the sales, and
insure to the Indians a fair compensation tor
their lands; and, on the payment of the money,
and the approval by the President of the con-
tracts, the purchasers were to be entitled to
patents for their lands.
The policy of the Government, as I have said,
svas to get these Indians west of the Mississippi;
and m order to induce them to go, encoui agement
was held out by the General Government to the
people m the adjoining States to go into the Creek
nation and buy these reservations, so as to get
rid of the only remaining obstacle to the removal
of the Creeks. The object was to get settlers
into the nation so as to crowd the Indians out,
and induce them to go west. From 1832 to 1836
the sales of reservations went on, and settlers
from the adjoining States continued to go into
the Creek nation and settle on these reservations.
In 183t>, a large number of Creeks, having sold
out their reservations, and spent the money which
