1856.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
'267
34th Cong....1st Sess.
Naval Retiring Board—Mr. Millson.
Ho. of Reps.
have lately been produced, but because I wished
to prevent them.
How comes it, then, if the law is such as I
hare described it, that these consequences have
followed its passage? It is because of the man-
ner in which it has been put into execution by
the board. The board had no authority to re-
port the names of any other officers but those
who were " incapable of performing promptly and .
efficiently all their duty,both ashore and afloat." ;
They had no right to investigate conduct and '
character, or to inquire into delinquencies and j
offenses. This could only be done by a court- j
martial. They were required to make a careful
examination into the efficiency of the officers,
but only for the purpose of ascertaining who were
incapable of performing all their duty. An in-
creased efficiency would, of course, be the con-
sequence of the withdrawal of incompetent men,
and therefore the law was properly entitled,
"An act to promote the efficiency of the Navy."
But the board had not a general control over all
the means by which they might suppose the effi-
ciency of the Navy would be promoted. There
are, doubtless, many ways in which the condition
of the Nayy may be improved; but only that kind
and degree of efficiency was intended to be secured
by Ma taw, which would result from the with-
drawal of those officers who are incapable. They
might fancy that an officer's perfect efficiency was
impaired by eccentricity of conduct, by a too mild
or a too impetuous temper, by personal unpopu-
larity, peculiar religious opinions or unwelcome
political opinions, by punishment for past offenses,
or the commiasionof offenses without punishment;
but unless they found him incapable, they could
not touch a hair of his head. They might, and
it seems they did, suppose that it was desirable to
withdraw all those officers who, in the language
©f the president of the board, could not be " relied
on" for a prompt and efficient performance of duty.
But, unless they found them incapable of a prompt
and efficient performance of duty, they had no
further business with them. They might indulge
a thousand theories for promoting the efficiency
of the Navy, but no power was given them to
promote it by any other means, or in any other
way, than by reporting those whom they found
incapable.
I differ then—and I regret to differ—from the
• Secretary of the Navy, for whom I entertain very
high respect and regard, in his construction of this
law. He says: " Efficiency—efficiency—that is
what is required." No, sir, efficiency was not
what was required, except as the result of the
employment of the special means indicated. He
seems to think, too, that the law authorized the
Board to report an officer " of strong mind and
robust frame" because " his moral perception of
right and wrong" was so " blunted and debased
as to render him unreliable." Now, I dissent
from this doctrine altogether. If the officer was
not incapable, in the sense of the law, they must
let him alone. 1 differ also from the chairman
of the Committee on Naval Affairs of the Senate
in the reasoning of his late report. The law did
not refer " the question of 'inefficiency,' without
regard to its character or origin, to the consider-
ation and opinion of the board." It did not refer
to them the question of " an officer's inefficiency
from moral degradation or disqualification." It
gave them no power to inquire whether " one who
was destitute of honor himself could yet be an
• efficient' guardian of the honor of his flag, his
country, or his corps." It gave them no power
to enter upon any dreamy or intangible specala-
-tions about honor. It gave them no power to
consider whether an officer " who, in the ordinary
transactions of life was known t« be corrupt and
faithless, might 'efficiently' command in a corps
of which honor should be the life-blood." It gave
them no power to consider how far "habitual
falsification" or any other quality " which might
excite the reprobation and disgust of his peers,
■might be consistent with efficiency to command."
Habitual falsification, corruption, and faithless-
ness, as well as drunkenness, scandalous conduct,
and disobedience of orders, are grave offenses
against the laws of the Navy. To be known
at all, they must have been manifested in acts.
Such acts would justly subject the offender to
trial and punishment, but not before this board.
They were not a court; they did not bear the
least resemblance to a court. I wonder they
should have so mistaken themselves for some-
thing else. I wonder they should have supposed
there was even a single member of Congress who
would vote for a law subjecting any man to trial
on charges affecting his reputation, his means of
support, and everything that was dear to him,
without notice of the charge, without witnesses,
without the privilege of objecting to any of his
judges, without the right to offer explanation,
and make defense, and even without the knowl-
edge that a secret tribunal was busy with his*
character and his fortunes, till he was struck down
by the fatal bolt they hurled against him. I
wonder they did not see that such a proceeding
was, what the General Assembly of Virginia
declared it to be, " not in accordance with the
principles which our Government recognizes as
the only guarantees of judicial fairness and im-
partiality."
There was,#ir, one contingency, and only one,
in which the board had a right, and were indeed
bound, to investigate conduct and character; and
that was where incapacity was associated with
culpable conduet. The law declared that—
" Whenever said board shall believe that said incompe-
tency has arisen from any cause implying sufficient blame
on the part of the officer to justify it, they shall recommend
that his name be stricken altogether from the rolls."
But, sir, even there culpable conduct alone
would not justify such a recommendation: inca-
pacity alone would not justify it. There must
be culpable conduct ana incapacity combined.
The one without the other was not sufficient.
They must both exist together; and even where
an officer's conduct and character were bad, and
he was also incompetent, the board, under this
law, were not authorized to report him for dis-
missal, unless his incompetency had arisen from
that bad conduct. If his incompetency was alto-
gether independent of any cause implying blame,
then this provision of the law did not apply to
him at all, .and he must be dealt with for his mis-
conduct according to the ordinary methods.
This, sir, was the only contingency in which
the board was authorized to investigate questions
of character and conduct; and even there, I sup-
posed that, after they had made their report to the
President of the United States, ample opportunity
would have been afforded to all those officers
recommended for dismissal to appear before the
President, and show, if they could, that the recom-
mendation of,the board should not be carried into
effect. The law required no secrecy; and I think
it was due to these officers to apprise them of the
charges against them, and allow them a hearing
before confirming the decisions in which they were
so deeply interested. I am sure the President
intended no injustice to any one, and he doubt-
less supposed he was acting in accordance with
the intentions of Congress. But I think it unfor-
tunate that the dismissed officers were not allowed
an opportunity of repelling the charges made
against them.
Sir, this was obviously the view of the House
when the law was passed, and it was undoubtedly
the opinion of my colleague, the chairman of the
Committee on Naval Affairs, [Mr. Bocock,] when
he submitted the law to the House. Here is what
he said in reply to Mr. Chandler, who was in favor
of allowing every man the right to come forward,
if he could, and disprove the accusation:
" The error which seems to lurk in the mind of my friend
ftom Pennsylvania—which I cannot get at, though I have
attempted to reach it three or fbur times—is, that the aetion
of this board is final and conclusive. It is not *o. They
make a recommendation to the President. If they make a
recommendation that the officer shall be dropped from the
list, he can go before the President and say—if he can—
' Sir, this recommendation has resulted from partiality—
from enmity—from hatred—or from something of that sort.
I can shdw from the record that I have been always ready
to discharge my duty.'
"But, sir, if these fifteen men could so conduet them-
selves as to make a false recommendation to the Pres-
ident, do you suppose the President would follow their
recommendation, when these men came before him and
proved that the recommendation was made upon a false
statement of facts ? This bill gives no more power for re-
moval than is now given under the existing system."
I am persuaded that it was not the intention of
Congress that any officer should be disgraced or
punished until he had had an ample opportunity
of vindicating himself against the censures cast
upon him.
Then, sir, the only remedy that is fit and proper
to be applied is to repeal the law, and to annul, as
far as we can, all that has improperly been done
under it. We cannot reach the cases of those
who have been dropped, but let us do what we
may do. Where, as I trust I have shown, a rad-
ical error has pervaded and controlled all the pro-
ceedings of the board, the only recourse is to set
them all aside. Where a trial is conducted on
false principles, or an erroneou# instruction is
given to a jury, the verdict is never allowed to
stand. This is the rule of reason, of justice, and
of the law. We never stop to inquire whether
the decision may not by possibility be right. It
is enough to know that false principles have
mingled with it and controlled it.
And yet, sir, what is the remedy proposed in
another body? It seems to me that the schema
of the Senate committee is an aggravation of the
original wrong. Will any man deny that many
officers of unquestionable capacity, and even of
distinguished ability, have been put upon the re-
served list? Will any one now maintain the cor-
rectness of the principles upon which the board
came to their conclusions? Why not, then, set
them aside altogether? Can anything be more
unjust than to admit the judgment to be wrong,
and yet refuse to annul it? Would it not be an
outrage to confess that a man was illegally sen-
tenced, and yet insist that he shall bear his pun-
ishment till he can prove his own innocence be-
fore a new court that you provide for him ? And
would it not be a mockery, even of the forms of
justice, to have this new court composed of men
who were benefited by the unjust decisions com-
plained of, and to a great extent interested in
maintaining them; ana then to instruct them to
regulate their decisions by the same erroneous
principles which formed the very ground of com-
plaint before?
Mr. Speaker, I am opposed to the partial rem-
edy—if it can be called a remedy—suggested in ■
the report of the Senate committee. I am op-
posed to their whole scheme. I am opposed to
increasing the number of officers, already, per-
haps, too large, when it was expressly pro-
vided in the law authorizing the board that there
should be no such increase. I think my bill pro-
vides a remedy much more simple and easy. I
am opposed to the sections authorizing transfers
from the furlough list to the reserved pay list,
with the consent of the Senate, when I see no
reason why the President cannot do it now, with-
out any such authority and without the consent
of the Senate. I am opposed to the establishment
of "the scientific corps of the Navy," with its
one captain, two commanders, ten lieutenants,
and seven masters. I trust we shall not disparage
our Navy by seeming to limit science to this small
number of officers. I am opposed to their effort to
establish, or revive—I think that is their phrase—
the grade of admiral in our Navy. Sir, I should
like to know when the grade of admiral ever ex-
isted in the American Navy ? But their bill pro-
vides that the grade of admiral shall be revived in
the Navy—ana revived for what purpose? To
enable the President to confer this distinction
upon some naval captain for past eminent ser-
vice's. Obviously, the intention is that it may be
conferred upon Commodore Stewart, who has
been placed upon the reserved list. Sir, I want no
admirals in the Navy. I cannot sympathize with
the delicate distresses of those officers who com-
plain that, although they may command a squad-
ron, yet they are denied those honors which for-
eign admirals will not extend to any but their
own class. I think it probable that, if the President
of the United States were to visit Prance, he would
not receive those elaborate honors which would
be bestowed on CLueen Victoria. I think it very
probable that our Ministers at foreign courts, who
are commoners—and they are all commoners—
may, in their intercourse with foreign embassa-
dors, sometimes fail to reoeive the distinguished
treatment shown to those of them who may be
noblemen. _ But are we to make earls or dukes
of our presidents and ministers to insure their
receiving equal honors with those who may hold
such rank ? You might do it with as much pro-
priety as to create the grade of admiral in the
Navy, for the reason so often assigned for it.
Our whole political system is founded upon the
