1878
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
August 1,
they got for them, although they received a fair
price, that being in the control of the Government
and its agents, had no other means of support,
and seemed exceedingly unwilling to remove to
the west. They broke out in an open state of
rebellion and insurrection. Thov first commenced
by attacking the stages of the l/nited States pass-
ing through the Indian country, and a number
of passengers and drivers were killed. They then
commenced an indiscriminate murder and robbery
of the inhabitants. They passed over the Chaf-
tahoochie river, the border between Georgia and
Alabama, and attacked the frontier of my own
State. They massacred the .inhabitants of one
town, and burned down all the houses. There
was a general state of consternation among the
people of that country. They fled in every di-
rection, leaving their property behind the in, and
it was nearly all destroyed by the hostile Creeks.
Dy the second section of the act of 3d of March,
1837, the President, Mr. Van Buren, was in-
structed to appoint three commissioners to pro-
ceed to Alabama and Georgia, and investigate the
character and extent of these depredations, and
report to the Secretary of War upon the subject,
ascertaining by examination and proof the amount
of depredations, the character of the depredations,
and the value of the property which had been
destroyed. Two of the commissioners went to
Alabama, and held their courts regularly for sev-
eral months, and invited claimants to bring in
their claims. Claims amounting to §1,257,407
nominally were presented. The commissioners
examined the cases critically, and reported
$349,120 as the amount which ought to be paid.
They scaled down the chums from $1,950,000
to ^>349,000, which they ascertained was the
amount of the correct claims upon a low scale of
valuation for the property destroyed, and they
recommended the payment of that amount by the
Government.
From 1S33, when this report was made, until
the present time, these claimants, with a solitary
exception, have never received accnt. Committee
after committee in the other House, and in this
branch of Congress, have reported favorably on
these claims, it has been the policy heretofore
of the claimants, and their agents, and of their
fiiends in this body, to move to put the claims on
the Indian appropriation bill. The Senator fiom
Virginia will well remember that, for three or four
conseeutjw sessions —indeed, oftuner than that—
when the motion was made to put the claims on
the Indian appropriation bill, ho, as chairman of
the Committee on Finance of this body, made a
point of order that it was not competent to put a
private claim on a general appropriation bill; and
the pointof order,on one occasion, was sustained
by only one majority—never more than three or
tour. Committees have always reported favorably
on the claims whenever presented', but from one
difficulty or another they have been postponed
until ihe present time, nud never paid, with the
exception of one.
The State of Georgia became the assignee for
one of the claims, amounting to about $20,000,
of Jarmgan and Company, and was enabled,
through her influence and position, to get the
Government to pay it. That was put on an ap-
propriation bill, and, on a contest between the
two Houses, this claim of the State'of Georgia
was allowed. It was one of the very claims em-
braced in the report of these commissioners in
183d. It stands on no better footing than the
other claims. It is precisely of the character of
all the rest; and Congre&s has recognized the
validity of ail these claims, as reported on by the
commission, by the payment o} the chum of II.
W. Jarmgan and Company, assigned to the
Centiai Dank <>f the State of Georgia—the Ceil- i
tral Bank being owned by the State. j
1 hold that it was the duty of the Government
to protect the citizens in Alabama, who, by the !
policy of the Government, had been induced to <
go there and settle and buy these lands. The
Government induced the people to go into the !
country, and to settle there, and to buy these !
reservations. This was done to carry out the !
favorite policy of removing the Indians wus*. It j
was the duty of the Government to protect these 1
citizens m the enjoyment of the property thus 1
purchased, under these circumstances, having
auoided no protection to thorn, and the Indians
having nsen and destroyed the property as well
as the lives of many of these people, it is, accord-
ing to my conception of the rights of these per-
sons, the bounden duty of the Government to
refund them the amount of actual losses which,
it has been ascertained by the commissioners
appointed by the Government, have been suf-
feied by these individuals.
This is a true history, as succinct as I can pos-
sibly make it, of the whole case. It has been
presented time after time. It has been no fault
of the claimants that it has never been settled.
It has been the effect of technical objections in
this body, and in the other branch of Congress,
when it has been presented from time to time.
In 1841, Mr. Poinsett, then Secretary of War,
reported in favor of these claims. I hold in my
hand Executive document, No. 127, of theTwen-
ty-Fifth Congress, being the report of the commis-
sioners appointed to inquire what depredations
were committed by the Seminole and Creek In-
dians on the property of citizens of Florida, Geor-
gia, and Alabama. It was sent to Congress on the
29th January, 1838, accompanying a message
from President Van Buren to the Hon. James K.
Polk, then Speaker of the House of Representa-
tives. The Secretary of War, Mr. Poinsett, in his
letter,refers to the second section oftheactof Con-
gress of March 3,1837, making appropriations for
the Indian Department, in which this commission
was provided for; and then follow the report of
the Commissioner of Indian Affairs, and of the
commissioners sent to Alabama, going into the
details, setting forth every claim, and tiie amount
of each claim as presented, and the amount
allowed by the commissioners.
The aggregate amount of the second class al-
lowed, that is, for depredations committed during
hostilities, amounts to §349,000, as I have stated.
The commissioners made three distinct classes
of claim^. One was for tho&e arising during the
first period of depredations committed before
hostilities, amounting to §370. We do not pro-
pose to ask for the payment of that. Then for
the third period, depredations committed after
hostilities, we do not ask anything. Thesecord
portion embraces the depredations committed
during the troubles, while the Indians were in an
open state of hostility. It will be remembered
by the Senate that General Scott and General
Jesup were sent out to the Creek Nation with a
Iarg,e army, to put down the hostile Indians. It
cost the Government a large sum of money to
quell this insurrection of the Indians, and more
than twenty-five hundred troops had to be used
to put down the hostilities. We only claim for
depredations committed during the war, and
which come under what is called the (t second
period" m the report of these commissioners,
amounting to ^349,000. They reduced the claims
fiom $J,:&)7,4u7 to $349,120.
The bill before the Senate gives to the Secre-
tary of War the discretion of going into the in-
vestigation of those claims, and thus the whole
matter will be reopened. I do not think that is
proper. I am not willing to devolve this burden
on the Secretary of War. Many of the claim-
ants are dead, and the witnesses gone and scat-
tered, and it would be impossible for the claim-
ants to get justice under such a provision. We
had better, in my opinion, rely on the action of
the commissioners who were appointed by the
President under an act of Congress to investigate
these claims. They were honorable and com-
petent men in every respect. They were on the
ground. They held their sessions m public, ad-
vertised the people to bring their claims forward,
heard testimony, and reported an abstract of the
testimony in each case to the Commissioner of
Indian Affairs. They did, m my opinion, sub-
stantially full justice to these claimants, and I
am not willing to open the door to other claims.
Let us be governed by the report of these com-
missioners appointed by the President under the
authority of an act of Congress. I want to close
the door on tins subject. I move this substitute
for the bill, to carry out tins view:
That the Finn of ^349,1*20 37 be, and the same is hereby,
appropriated out ofany money in the Trea>uiy not other-
appropriated, to pay the several sums awaided by the
commissioners—IVa^e and Smith—
there were three commissioners appointed, but
only two acted—
appointed under the second section of the act of Con-
gress of March 3,1337, to inquire into the depredations ;
committed by the Seminole and Creek Indians on the prop-
erty of citizens of Florida, Georgia, and Alabama, deduct-
ing any payments already made to claimants embraced in
the repoit of said commissioners; and that said appropria-
tion and payment lie confined to the award of s-aid com-
missioners of depredations committed in wiiat ia called liie
second period.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The amend-
ment is not in order, there being one now pend-
ing. *
Mr. SEWARD. I am obliged to the honor-
able Senator from Georgia [Mr. Iverson] for the
explanation he has given, which is a vei-y lucid
one, and relieves my objection about this claim
I think I have always voted for the claim; but the
second section of the bill, if I understand it cor-
rectly, that which provides for dispensing with
the technicality of testimony, is liable to mis-
apprehension, and may prejudice the bill. I
think the amendment which the honorable Sena-
tor from Georgia offers is also too strong. I am
willing to support the bill with an amendment to
the amendment of the honorable Senator, if he
will accept it, and it is this:
Provided, That nothing herein contained shall be con-
strued to warrant the allowance or payment of any sum
winch the t?ccietaryof the Treasury and the Attorney Gen-
eral shall not deem just and reasonable.
]\Ir. IVERSON". I have no objection to thai
amendment, if the Senator from Alabama is will-
ing to agree to it.
Mr. FITZPATRICK. I am willing to agree
°The PRESIDING OFFICER. Thefirst ques-
tion is on the amendment of the Senator from
Florida.
Mr. FITZPATRICK. I presume it is appa-
rent to the Senate that my great object has teen
to avoid delay in the discussion of this question,
I have been conscious that we were limited as to
time, and my object has been to economize it as
much as possible. 1 am sure this is a ease that
will stand scrutiny. Although the claimants are
constituents of mine, if I did not believe the claim
just, I should not sustain the bill.
My honorable friend from Georgia has given a
very able and lucid explanation of the wrongs
committed on the early settlers of this portion
of my State by these Indians; but an important
point, on which I am satisfied there will be scarcely
a dissenting voice in the Senate, he has not
touched. I should like to ask for the reading of
the report of the able and distinguished gentleman
who has examined this matter, and reported it for
the last three years—the honorable Senator from
Georgia, [Mr. Toombs,] who has had this sub-
ject under consideration, and made a unanimous
report from the Committee on Indian Affairs, at
the last Congress and this. I presume he has
given the Senate the best evidence of his ability,
as well as his disposition, to guard the public
Treasury. The Senate will do him that justice
as to his course at this session and heretofore;
and, my word for it, if this claim was not merito-
rious it would never have received a unanimous
report from this Committee on Indian Affairs,of
which he is a member.
It would take a long time to disclose to the
Senate all the facts bearing on this cas:. I could
show to the Senate the message of General Jack-
son, in 1836, in which he recommends to Congress
to provide for the payment of these claims. I could
show that the commissioners made the most
thorough and complete examination into the trans-
actions in that country. The claims set up
amounted to $1,250,000, including consequential
damages; but the commissioners rejected them,
and the amount which they reported was based
upon the most unquestionable testimony. I could
show you letters of General Woodward, but I
knowms equivalent to defeating this bill if I were
to undertake to consume so much time. I could
show the letter of Colonel Hogan, who was in
command of the troops, and had charge of fifteen
hundred friendly Indians in suppressing these
hostilities; and also the letters of Mr. Collins and
Mr. Strange, proving that the whole army wa*
subsisted on the cattle and corn and fodder of
the fugitives from that Territory. I have the
letters here, but I have no time to read them to
the Senate. It is not only an equitable claim on
Congress, but I can show by the testimony of
these men that the friendly Indians and troops took
the horses and mules and bedding,and everything
they could take, without compensation. The
