1856.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1879
friendly Indians were opposed to the hostiles, and j
sent on that expedition Colonel FTogan and Cr-m- H
eral Woodward,and Colonel MeLemore, men of |
distinction in my State, who have occun'cd high n
pubhc trusts,and testify to the facts. 'Pliey say |j
they saw five hundred cattle stolen at one time j|
to feed the troops and friendly Indians. 1 know
(Jeneiai Woodward; I know Colonel tlo^au and ,i
almost all the important individuals who have
testified concerning that point; and if the innate
had any tnue, or if I were not conscious that the ,
prolongation of this discussion would be almost
equivalent to the defeat of the bill, T could show ,
that cattle were shot down wantonly, houses 1
burned, beds ripped open, and furniture destroyed
wantonly by the friendly Indians while m that ;
country. I can show you by the statement of ■
Colonel Iiogan and General Woodward that, j
except the rations which they took when they i
started on that expedition, the troops were en- ;
tirely subsisted on the property of those unior-
tunate men who fled from the country. All that ;
is det tiled in the report made by the commis- j
sionrrs. <
But, sir, I rose merely to say that the facts are j
most conclusively, ably, and fully set forth m the •
report of the gentleman who presents the bill from !
the Committee on Indian Allans, and to call for '
the reading of that report, it is not a lengthy j
one, and I trust the Senate will listen to it. On
that statement I am ready to lisk the cas ;. I call j
for the reading of the report, and I trust the Sen- j
ate will give it their attention. I
The Secretary read the following report, made ]
by Mr. Toombs on the 23d of July: |
The Committee on Indian Affairs, to whom were referred
the bill (H. No. 81) to provide tor the examination and pay- j
m<jnt oti cerium claims of citizens of Georgia and Alabama i
on account of losses Mistdined by depredations or the Cieek
Indian*, have had the same under consideration, and re-
port :
That a bill having the same object was referred to your
committee the m*t session of the Thirty-Tmrd Congieas,
iind was then fully and carefully examined, and was reported
back to the Senate with a recommendation in tavor of its
passage. Your committee iuliyadcpt the report then made,
end herewith annex a copy ot it, and rcpott back the bill, ,
with tiie same recommendation : j
"In Senate, Jipril 20, 1854.
"The Committee on Indian Affairs, to whom wasiefened
Senate hill No. 53, entitled ' A bill to authorize the pay-
ment of certain claims for depredation:* and i-poiiations
daring the Hostilities with the Creek and Seminole Indians;
in 13Jj and 1837,' have had the same uudet consideiation,
and icport:
" T .at in the year 1832 the United States made a treaty
with tlie Crcuk Indians., bv which they <n-ded all their lands
Jjiu:? ea-rofthe Mississippi, ie- ervin^ to each li ;a<i of a
faniiiy a specified quantity of land, who was entitled to
hold the icj>eivMiion in lee -iniph , independentot the lithe.
These lands weie him ned wiioiiy in the Sr.no or' Aiab una.
It was stipulated in the ueaty that the owners of thr^e res-
ervations might occupy or sell them n then plca-uie,the
conUaetj 01  ale being .-subject to approval by the Govern-
ment, to pi event imposition upon the Indians. While the
Indians were not obliged by the treaty to emigrate, hut
mijjiit reiiuun in Alabama if they cho-so 10 do so, the United
Spates set apart and <juaiantivd to litem a large tiact ot
country we&tof the Mississippi river. Alter the ratilieation
of tne treaty, and immediately alter the surveys were made
and tlie reservations? were set apart to them, the Indians
eoaimi'need selling them out to citizens of the United States
under the sanction and approval, and even eneouiasement.
ot the Government, until in the spinis of 1S136 scaicely an
Indian owned a single aeto of land m the reded eonntty.
Tue Government, al&o, immediately after the completion of
the suiveys, put all the balance of the lands ceded to it by
the induiiKs into market, and gieat ntnubots of citizens
bought homes and settled in the ceded country in the midst
of the Indians. The Indians having sold out their lands
and squandered thepioeeeds, were left houseless ;uid hotne-
wanderers and outcast*, and in utter destitution. In
tne sprint? of 1-33 the whole tube were ma state of starva-
tion, ami began thst by stealing, then by b^m?, and finally
by mtunidauon and force, to e.xtoit a Mib-is'enee fiom "he
persons who had settled m the ceded country under pur-
chases ol laud irom themselves and from the Government.
There being no Government troop* stationed in the country,
and the settloiiumts being still sparse and inadequate for
mutual piotection, and the authority of the tube hem?
wludly inadequate to control or restrain starving Indians,
alter the perpetration of numerous murdeis by them pn-
vatcly, it war deemed ungate to reside ni theceded comitty,
a.id almost the whole population abandoned their homes,
leit such of their property as could not be earned away m a
h.uty flight, and sought safety m Georgia and the old settle-
ments ot AJuhama. ,
a Alter the whites had abandoned their homes, maraud-
jdj parties of the Indians continued to devastate the Indian
country, and made occasional itvoad-* aeiops the ^Chatta-
hoochee uver into tiie neighboring settlements of Georgia,
jniud.'icd many of the inhabitants, and destroyed and
cantej away much of their piopcrty. Upon lu'ormation
of tluse events, the Governors oi Georgia and Alabama im-
m-'diatelv called into service a large body of volunteers,
and m u'clied them into the distuibed distnct; and the
Government of the United States oidered troop* and its
own officers to Alabama to suppress these outrages. Gen-
eral Jesup having been ordered to Alabama by the General
Government, immediately upon his arrival in the countiy,
aeeept?d the semce* of Irom thirteen to Ait-en bundled
fiiondiy Indians, to aid m r-iiopies>m<; the outbieaU, and,
UeintJ without tne means of-->ipnort, they joined *n ih<* ;vn-
eia1 piuiidi'r, and wore sulM-ted upon the piop'jitv ot the
unCxtnuate eiu//eus>. li i< eh-arJ} pioven. hv the evidence
(if the eomunndi.i^ officer < t the Indians, (('<dwn<1! llo^an,)
that tins h.ind ot (,'K;ek-, tl-e -erviee of the United
States, inarched inrouab the ceded eountM-, ;!iteied
the <. attle and hoy.-* b.don'ruvi to the oeulei-,and f.iz-i'd and
coie-ummi whatever icmuu.it ot com, bacon, mid oilier
piovisions ot the mnabitants. had e°e;ip.'d the r:iva;ies of
tho-se whom they called the hostile Indian^, and thus the
nun of the unfortunate inhabitants, be<run by kuvb'-^
enemies, wits eonsmmnated by pretended lucnds, under
the sanction of the flag ol then'owu countiy. It is pioven
by the testimony of Colonel John liogan, an agent
of the Government, and'acting adjutant and inspector
perietal ot a brigade of Indian^, u .derthe chief Opotli-le-
yohoio,'that be raided fiom thirteen to fifteen hundred
Indians under that chief, at the instance of Governoi Clay
and General Jesup ; marched them into the distuibed
district, and was ' ordered by Geneial Je-sup to suhsi-t the
force in the best manner (he) could, nnd (he) had linage
parties? out everyday hunting up corn, fodder, and beef.'
lie further states,' that as soon a^> the Indians would duve
up a gang ot cow^, calves, or oxen, belore I wa-> aware ol
their being in any pint of my camp, (which vciy <*\-
teusive, having from thirteen to hlteen hundred Indians
scattered all over the hills about BigSpting-,) tho&e Indians
that were mo-,t in want ot pioviMons would commence
shootingthem down. In this way an immense number of
cattle wete destioyed, and a gieat many moie than weic
lequired tortile actual subsistence ot the whole army. No
effort of nunc, and oi the white peisons who were with ;
me. and who acted ;is otficeis among tlie Indians, could i
prevent the abuse that took place in the destruction of '
cattle.'
"These facts are abundantly sustained by other unques-
tionable testimony, leavmg no doubt but that the Govern-
ment supported it - own t.oopr- by an indisci immate plunder
of the piopcuy of the cuizi ns it was bound to pioteei. It
further appears, that as -oon as volunteer troops could be
collceted liom Geotma and Alabama m sufficient numbers
to repress ihe outia^e and punish the agsiessors, neaiiy all
of the Indians who bad been engaged in the^e depredation^
came in and surrendered to the oihcers of the United
States, received ration*, and weie protected by them, and
emigrated to their homes west of the Mississippi river; and,
so tar liom demanding indemnity fiom them lor their spoli-
ations, which it was per;ectly m its power to obtain, the
Government of the United State* have continued to pay
them laige annual annuities, and occasionally made huge
grants ot money to them under different pretenses, wruns,
in due propoitioiijfiom the hard t<unm s ot the^e plund* i<'d
citizens. A lew stiagglmg p.u'.ie-s only of these Indians \
refused to emigrate, "and attempted to make their way j
thiougb Geotgia to the hostile ►leminolc* m Fhnula, they j
were pursued hythoGeoigia ttoojk-,and those ot them who j
e&caped being killed in battle succeeded in ihi.s eflort; other 1
small pai ties concealed them -eiveo m the ^\v;un|h and other
secure places in the ceiled couutiv, and, stih-equeutly to
the genual enngiation, i.;eomnit need then depiedanoin,
hut wete vperdny met. dcie.ited, and subdued, hv the Ala-
bama vo'uuteer-, comniandcd by G-neial Wellborn.
" It is p ueotiy ele.n that the-e ^polnrions weic not com-
mitted under anv aiuho'ity !ioin tue Cieek Nation of lit
dian«, butthev weic the lawle-s acts of roving bands of
Indians^eekmg plunder. \o action was fought w Ji them
in Alabama, wheie tlie tribe resided, c\eept with tlie small
parries who concealed themselves and retnam-d after the
body of the nation had lemoved : ntid none m Georgia with
the other small pirties, uhoweie ovei taken by the Georgia
nuhtia, ni their piundeimg excui'-ion-, or in their attempts
to "et into Florida. Theieiore,tue whole ot the spoliations
committed tali clearly wirbm the principle of the vaiious
intercourse acts passed by Congress, by which thin Gov-
ernment has bound itself to compel the Indian-- to pa} lor
<?uch outia^es, or to indemnify the citizen-* for them our ot
the public Treasury. Thus tar the Government ha- done
neither the one northe other Compensation fm tb;«t poiuon
of the spoliations committed bv Indians m the service wt the
United States, nnd by theordeis of it* omccr-.. h demanded
under the plain letter and meanmir ot the Con-uunou,
woich fully sustains that demand that Constitution de-
clares that private propetiy shall not he taken lor public u^e
withoutju-t compensation.
" Tmmedtate notu-o was given of t!ie<e deprejntior,- to the
Government, and earnest anpeals weic made to it by the
•aiffeiers for indemnity; and Congrev^ on the/2d da\ ot
March, 1837, pas^f d an at. t authoi i/itig the President oi'the
United States to appoint thice commissioners to mqune
into and lepoitthe amount and nature of these spoliation-.
They were appointed, entered upon the dr-cuuigc of their
duties, visited I lie Cheek counirj, heard evidence on each
clann. and, after a severe sciutmyor the claim*, rejecting
all demands for consequential damages, repotted the actual
value of the propeitv i<tkeri or destr^)ed by the Indian^,
together with all the'attendant circumstances. Tin - repot t
was jubmitted to Congre?^ by the President on tlie ^th of
Januaiy, 1^38, and embiaecs all the claims for winch pay-
ment i- sought and provided foi by the bih referred to ymr
committee. The claimants have continued from time to
time to urge the consideration and payment of their claims
bv Congress, but hitheito in vam.
"« Your committee are not awa.e o«* any object ions having
been uiged against the accuracy of the chums, ot the mode
of ascertaining them, except by the injured parties, who
complain that consequential dom.\gr" ought to have been
allowed, and that the commissioners undervalued the prop-
erty taken and destioyed by the Indians. The only objec-
tion to their payment which seems heietoforo to have be n
ur"od, is, that these depredation-; weie committed by^the
Dublte enemv, in public war, and that therefore the Gov-
ernment is not bound to incemtaft the citi/ens toi thcin.
The first and Mifficient answer to this ob'ieetion is. that it
the rule be a sound one, toe facts do not wauant its apph
cation te these claims. The soundness of the rme itselt is
open to grave objections, tt is against principle, and the
authorities upon it are conflicting. The sound and funda-
mental general piinciple of the social system is, that each
menilHM of society 'shall only bear his quota5 ot the public
burdens or pubhc calamine^, either in peace or was. It
being the duty of society to protect all of its members, even
when the ssttite is really unable t<> peilonn this duty, u vio-
lates the principle upou which it is based, of natural equity,
not to compel each member of the State to bear bi-> equal
proportion of uijunes commuted as un'-t anv on • member,
c\en by the pubhc enemy. Giotiu"- r ays that tee pubh-L ts
aie divided on the question: and Vnttel, w)io«ec-m - io jel.ovi}
society from tne absolute obligation, puts it m imlv «.<>i the
ground that a different rule would soon 4 exhutt t the pubhc
linanees,' but helully admits its stuct justice and conformity
to natural equity, lie says,' it is perfectly consonant to the
duties of tlie £tatc and sovereign, and of course perfectly
equitable, and even strictly just, to relieve, as far as possible,
thone unhappy sufferers who have been ruined by the lavage*
of war, as likewise to take care of the family of those whose
head and support has lost ins life in the service of the State,
Thete arc many debts which are considered as sacrcd by
the man who knows Ins duty, although they do not afioid
any ground of action against But if this rule is sound,
u is not umveisal. Even if this was public war, waged by
pubhc authority on both sides, one of its legitimate objccts
on both sides was to secure the expenses to the Govern-
ment and the losses to the citizens of conducting it.
Vattcl t<ay , 4 whoever uses a citizen ill, uuhieetly offends
the State, which is bound to protect thin citizen; and the
soveieign of the latter should avenge hiswiongs, puuhh
the aggressor, and, if possible, oblige him to make lull
reparation ; since otherwise the citizen would not obtain
tne groat end of the civil association, which is safety.'
All publicists admit that it w not just, but that it is the duty
of the conqueror to compel the enemy to repan the wiongs
which Iin own injustice has occasioned. This Govern-
ment has almost uniformly acted upon this punciple, even
in its pubhc wars with the Indian tribes on tin* continent.
Stipulations for indemnity for injuries committed in war
are to be found scattered through all the Indian italics of
peace. Such provisions are to be found in ail the treaties
made with the Creek Indians, from the treaty of Augu-ta,
m 1783, down to the treatv of Indian Springs
establishing the fact that the Government lias uniformly
demanded of the Indians indemnity for spoliations com-
mitted m actual public war, in her treaties of peace, and
has compelled the Indians to pay for other spoliations com-
mitted by the tribes not in pubhc war, or undertaken her-
self to pay them m her various laws legulating intercourse
witn the Indians; therefore, by the laws of nations, and the
uniform policy of the Government exhibited m its Indian
treaties, these claimants would be entitled to indemnity,
even jf these spoliations had been committed in a puhhc
war. But in this case there was no treaty of peace, for
the reason that there was no public war by the nation.
c' But public war can only exist by authority oi the sov-
ereign powei. The evidence, is full and conclusive that
neither the soveieign power of the Creek nation nor any
other public authoiitvot that nation authorized war against
the United States or its citizens at this tune. On the
contrary, the nation opposed it and its head chief. Opath-
le-Yo-ho-lo, and fifteen bundled warriors enlisted m the
service of the. United States to suppress this lawless violence
and to punish the perpetrators. The spoliations tbr which
redress is now sought were caused by {predatory expedi-
tions, undei taken without lawful authority and without
cause, as likewise without the usual formalities, nnd solely
with the view to plundei,' and is therefore excepted by
Vatrel and all the approved publicists from the piinciples
U;/dei winch redress m here sought to bcdeiived, and bungs
it w'Mun the principle under which, bv the piacticeot all
civilized nations, the citizen or subject has been held enti-
tled to mdemmtv, and under winch this Government has
umfo.inly extended redresg Your committee, therefore,
unanimously recommend the passage of the bill, which is
herewith repotted back to the Senate."
Mr. HUNTER. I was not aware, when !
made an inquiry of the Senator from Alabama in
regard to this ciaim, that it was, in sr>mc measure,
tufold acquatmancc of mine. I th'tik, however,
the action of the Committee on inchan AOe.irs is
so much to be commended in seeking to present
tins as a private claim on its own ments, instead
of endeavoring to thrust it on an appropriation
| bill, that 1 dislike very much to say anything in
j opposition to it. Still, as i think it will establish
! a dangerous precedent, and 1 cannot vote tor the
I bill, f will brieily state die points of objccuon.
i If 1 understand this case, it relates to ten itorr
over which the Slate of Alabama had extended
her laws and jurisdiction. Am I niislakcn in taat?
Mr. TOO.VfBS. Mn, hir.
Mr. HUNTER. TI1.-11 it is an attempt, to ex-
tend tlie principle of th" mt.ercoui'&e laws to cases
which were never destined, as I suppose, to be
embraced in them. Tiie Indian intercourse laws
were designed to cover the cases o! Indians living
within the Territories of the United States, and
under the jurisdiction and laws of the united
States. If the attempt is to bring: the bill within
that principle, it seems to me that it does not
apply; but there is all obvious reason why there
ou^ht to Le a distinction between cases where
Indians fire withm the jurisdiction ot the United
States, and the Federal Government is responsi-
ble, and those in which they are under the juris-
diction of the State governments. _ VVe cannot be
responsible for the good behavior of Indians
when they are under the jurisdiction of another
