1856.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
"mm
ing officers, that the ship in which he had returned
from a recent cruise was found, on her arrival
in the port of New York, to be in unseamanlike
•order, or in bad condition. On that occasion,
however, for the purpose of clearing him, and
stating in a more favorable light the conduct and
the reputation of Captain Stribling, a statement
was made of his former services. On that occa-
sion the honorable Senator from South Carolina
presented a statement in writing by Captain Strib-
ling himself, embracing those services. In that
statement are found these words:
" I was a lieutenant in the war against the pirates during
the years 182-2 to 18-25 inclusive. In this service I at one
time commanded two barges, and succeeded in capturing
one of the most successful piratical vessels, commanded by _
a celebrated pirate named Diaboleto.''
That is the statement. On the next day this
statement was published in the Globe, and came
to the attention of the relatives of a former officer
.of the Navy—Lieutenant Watson. His relatives
—persons of great respectability, living in this
city, were much wounded by this statement.
Lieutenant Watson had been, in his day, a dis-
tinguished officer in the Navy—very distinguished
for his rank. He was the first lieutenant of the
Argus during her celebrated cruise in the British
Channel, in the war of 1812, commanded, as is
remembered by every gentleman, by the gallant
Captain Allen. Captain Allen, it is known, was
killed on the deck of his vessel, and Watson suc-
ceeded to the command. Watson was shotdown,
and borne senseless from the deck, but he re-
turned before the action was concluded, wounded
and maimed as he was. After a desperate en-
counter, the Argus was compelled to surrender
to the superior force of the British vessel. He
returned home. He was engaged in this pirat-
ical war also in 1822 and 1823; and it was this
same Lieutenant Watson who performed the very
achievement which is spoken of in this state-
ment, and not Captain Stribling. Watson, soon
after, and upon the same cruise, without ever re-
turning home, was attacked with the yellow fever
on the coast of Cuba, and there died, lamented
by all who knew him.
That he was the officer who performed this
achievement, I beg the indulgence Senate
to show by his own official report to Commodore
Porter, and by Commodore Porter's report. I
will first read the report of Watson to his com-
mander, Commodore Porter:
United States Galliot Sea Gull,
Allenton, Thompson's Island, July 11, 1823.
Sm: Having had the honor fo report the circumstances
attending the cruise of the division under my orders prior
to our reparation olf St. John de los Remedios, I have
now to communicate, for your information, my subsequent
proceedings m the barges Gallimpper and Mosquito-
After a strict examination of the coa-t and islands from
Cape Fiancis to Cape Blanco, in the vicinity of Port Acoeos,
whilst cruising in Sjgnapa hay, we di^coveied a large top-
sail sehooricr,\vith a launch in company, working up to an
anchoiage. at which several merchant vessels were then
lying. Being to windward, I bore up in the Gallimpper
for the pui pose of ascertaining their characters; and, when
within gunshot, perceiving the laige vessel to be well armed,
and her deck filled with men, I hoisted our colors, on seeing
which they displayed the Spanish flag, and the schooner,
having brailed up her foiesai). commenced thing at the
Crallimpper. I immediately kept away, and ran down upon
her weather quarter, making signal, at the same time, for
the Mosquito to close. Having much the advantage in
sailing, they did not permit us to do so, but made all sail
before the wind for the village of Signapa, to which place
we pursued them, and, after a short action, succeeded in
taking both vessels, and effecting the almost total deduc-
tion of their crews, amounting, as nearly as could be ascer-
tained at the time, to fifty or sixty men, but, as we arc since
informed, to seventy or eighty. They engaged us without
colors of any description, having hauled down the Spaaish
flag after firing the fast gun; and, on approaching to boaid,
(our men giving three cheers and discharging their muss-
kets,) the pirates fled precipitately, some to their launch,
(lying in shore, from whence a fire was still kept up.)
whilst others endeavoied to escape by swimming to tiie
land. A voJley of musketry, directed at the launch, com-
pleted their disorder, and drove them into the sea, but the
boats going rapidly through the water cut ofi their retreat,
witli flic exception of fifteen, cloven of whom were killed
or desperately wounded, and taken piisoncrs by our men,
who landed in pursuit, and the remaining four apprehended
by the local authorities and sent to Matanzas.
The larger vessel was called the Catilina, commanded by
the celebiated pirate Diaboleto, taken some weeks since
from the rfpamaids, between Havana and Matanzas, carried
to Signapa bay. where she received her armaments, had
oaptuiPd nothing, this being the commencement of her
piratical cruise. . ,
1 cannot close this communication without performing a
mo^t pleading task in repoitmg the active gallantry and
good conduct of mv officeis and men, none of whom sus-
tained tiie slightest injury in the action; the result or which
is, I trust, sufficient to satisfy you that all under my orders
did their duty, particularly when it is considered that we
had but twenty-six men opposed to a forcc of piratical
vessels, wellsupphed with arms of all kinds, amongst wjhieh
was one long nine and two six-pounders.
I have much pleasure in naming as my associates,
Lieutenant Inuian,ActingSailingmasterHainbiidge, Doctor
Babbit, and Midshipmen Harwood and Taylor, and Messrs.
Webb and Price, who obeyed and executed all orders and
signals with a pioinputude and zeal which could not be
exceeded.
I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient
servant, W. H. WATSON.
Commodore David Porter, commanding United States
naval forces in the West Indies.
Now, sir, I will read what Commodore Porter
says in writing to the officer of the Government
of that same action:
Sea Gull, Allenton, Thompson's Island,
July 17,1823.
Sir : It is with infinite satisfaction I do myself the honor
to lay before you Lieutenant Commandant Watson's offi-
cial report of the almost total annihilation of the crews of
two piratical vessels by the barges Galhnipper and Mos-
quito under his command.
When we take into consideration the immense superi-
ority of force opposed to him, the advantage and preparation
on the part of the pirates, and the lesult of the acuon, we
cannot but be impressed with the conviction that nothing
less than providential influence and protection could have
occasioned consequences so fatal to the pirates, and so ex-
empt from injury on our side as to appear almost miracu-
lous.
The five surviving pirates, being desperately wounded, I
have, in compliment to the favorable disposition and zealous
cooperation of the authorities of Havana, sent to the Cap-
tain General of Cuba, to be tried by the laws of Spam.
Inclosed is a copy of my letter to him on the subject.
I cannot close this communication without expressing a
hope that the brilliant buccesb of Lieutenant Commanding
Watson, and his excellent character as an officer and man,
may induce the Department to piomote him to a higher
grade, as the most suitable reward for his seivices.
D. PORTER.
Hon. Smith Thompson, Secretary of the Navy.
1 read these reports to establish the fact that
Watson did perform the achievement which, in
the statement read to the Senate, Captain Strib-
ling, after such a lapse of time, supposed to have
been performed by himself. 1 do tut justice to
Captain Stribling when I say that I verily believe
he was mistaken. He is an officer of too high
character, a gentleman of too fair a reputation,
for me to admit for a moment the supposition that
this was a false claim set up to the fame of an
achievement performed by a deceased brother
officer. In the same season, and in the same war,
some few months before that time, Captain Strib-
ling did command in an engagement against the
pirates—one which was quite successful, but by
no means attended with all the consequences
which attended this. They took a piratical ves-
sel and drove the pirates ashore, killing some of
them, but not being able, as it is said in his re-
port, to pursue them because of the thickness of
the wood through which they had escaped.
This is all that I have to say. It shows the
fallibility of memory. Here is a great achieve-
ment. The destruction of sixty or seventy pi-
rates by twenty-six American sailors, and the
capture of their vessels, is no small achievement.
Here it was done with a courage so impetuous,
and a rush so rapid, as to leave no time to the ter-
rified enemy to create any bloodshed on our side.
Not a man was killed of the Americans, while
sixty or seventy of the pirates were killed,
wounded, or taken prisoners.
This was the achievement of Lieutenant Wat-
son. His family here, in somewhat humbler life,
perhaps, than they were at that day, with fortunes
somewhat decayed, but "with a respectability
preserved entire, cherish with pride the memory
of their relative, and this among his brightest
achievements. His is a cherished name by the
fireside of his house, and they have appealed to
me to make this statement. 'They proceeded, I
must say, in the most respectful manner, upon
finding this statement and this claim on the part
of Captain Stribling thus erroneously, and by
mistake as I believe, urged by him. They pro-
ceeded, not with any violence, not with any de-
nunciation, but they addressed a most respectful
letter to Captain Stribling stating that he must be
mistaken; that in their family the recollection of
this event had always been cherished as glorious
to the memory of their deceased relative, and was
so understood by all men of that day.. I cannot
speak of an officer of that day who does not
remember Lieutenant Watson as a pride and
model of the Navy in his time. Captain Stribling
immediately replied to this note acknowledging
the mistake, and saying that, after such a lapse
of time, it was owing to a failure of recollection
son who re&ll y did perform
explanation should also be
merely, and that he confouttdedit iff his mefttorjr
with another achievement which- occurred tturJM
the same piratical war, arid even during the same
summer—the same year's service. " ile sjksikS
v.cry • respectfully of Lieutenant 'Watsoh, arid
assigns to him the nierit of tins achievement.
But, sir, as a statement had been rnadeifi the
Senate of the United States, iti which itKrSs sup-
posed by Captain Stribling that-he "himself had
performed this achievement, and as it had gone
out to the world, it was thought that justice to
the memory of
it, required that
made here.
Mr. BUTLER. Mr. President, Captain StSrib-
ling presented his paper through tae as his rep-
resentative, he being a citizen of South Carolina,
and a captain in the Navy. When he presefiteii
it to me, he did it with a modesty that actually
captivated me. Captain Stribling was. far jfioni
having any dc&ign or purpose to touch one line
that could contribute to perpetuate and emblazon
the memory of his comrade, Lieutenant "Watson;
and the moment it was brought to his view he
said:
" I am mistaken in the name of the vessel; and if I had
now to decide which of the two achievements I would pre-
fer, I do not know that I would not claim the one m which
I was engaged myself at the time the gallant Allen fell."
He referred me to the documents in the" Wavy
Department, saying that of course they -must
stand correct, and the mere mistake of a name
could not change the history of the transaction.
He then put into my hand a jiote, jn wjhjch he
says—as it will be seen when it is-rea^j for I in-
tend to have it read—that he was engaged in the
capture of the pirate Domingo-, whom Commo-
dore Porter regarded as "the notorious head of this
horde of desperadoes." In Commodore Porter's
notice of Captain Stribling, though he does not
distinguish between him and anybody elBe in
point of merit, he speaks of him as having per-
formed a gallant part in the capturcof the vessel,
formerly a pilot-boat at Norfolk, then in the pos-
session of the notorious pirate, Domingo,instead
of Diaboleto, as I before stated.
The only mistake is in the name. I am, Sura
my friend from'Kentuckycaimotsuppose,after the
explanation which has been maoe^ arid no ioiie
here can suppose for a single moment that Captain
Stribling would attempt to appropriate to his brow
the laurels of a gentleman and a hero for whose
memory he cherishes the tenderest and highest
regard. On the contrary, the mistake arises from
confounding two Spanish names. At the time
when'he wrote the letter to me, he had no view to
pervert the truth of history; but he says now, so
far as regards the merits of the different transac-
tions, that he would prefer his own. He does
not say which is the more brilliant—lie does not
arrogate to himself more gallantry; but he says
that, if placed in the historical picture as he really
was, he is entirely satisfied. With that view, I
ask that his modest note be read—I ask for noth-
ing more.
The Secretary read it, as follows:
Georgetown, D. C., dpril 9,1856.
My dear Sir : In my letter to you, in speaking of my
services, 1 mention that the piratical vessel captured was
commanded by Diaboleto—I should have said Domingo, as I
find that to be the name of the piratical chief, as will be
found in the documents, m a letter written t>y Commodore
Porter to the Secretary of the Navy, dated April 16,1823.
He says, " and captured one pirate, a pilot-boat schooner,
formerly the Pilot, of Norfolk, armed with one longtwelve-
pounder, and commanded by Domingo, the notorious head
of this horde of desperadoes, who formerlycommanded the
Laraganano, the vessel in the attempt to capture which the
gallant Allen fell."
If you should tbinli proper to refer to the note I sent you
in reference to the mistakes of the Senator from Texas in
his speech when speaking of mv conduct, I should be
gratified if you would coirectthis mistake as to the name of
the pirate chief; as it has been stated that it might be con-
sidered as detracting fiom the just fame of the late
lamented and gallant Lieutenant William H. Watson,
Nothing could be further from lay wish or intention than to
have done so.
With gieat respect, your obedient servant,
C. K. STRIBLING.
Hon. A. P. Butler, United States Senate.
Mr. BUTLER. The letter explains the whole -
matter.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. I hope that I have been
already sufficiently explicit in declaring my own
convictions that this was nothing more a
mistake on the part of Captain Stribling. - That,
however, did not render it the less necessary that
an explanation should be made. I wouMiiot,for
