1006
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 23,
any consideration, do injustice to Captain Strib-
ling, or express any opinion or sentiment on this
subject that I did not truly entertain; and I do
truly entertain the opinion that it was a mere
mistake on his part.
Mr. BUTLER. And I say now for Captain
Stribling, that he is happy to have the occasion to
afford the Senate the opportunity of joining his
comrade, for whom he had the kindest feelings,
with him in this tribute justly due to both.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. I must, however, in
justice to the whole subjec^tate_ another fact.
1 have before me the official paper in which Cap-
tain Stribling reported his action with the pirate
chief, Domingo. I desire to read it, only because
I wish to put m its proper prominence, in com-
parison with the capture of Domingo, the action
with this "little devil"—Diaboleto.
"In obedience to your orders, I proceeded, at half past
seven o'clock last evening, with the barges Gallinipperand
Mosquito, to examine the coast to windward, as high upas
Escondido, for pirates. In consequence of the lightness of
the wind, we were compelled to make use of our oars most
of the time. This morning, at daylight, several small sail
were in sight; we boarded a number, and found them coast-
ers. At seven, a. m., discovered a schooner about three
miles to the eastward, of a suspicious appearance, and im-
mediately gave chase; the stranger apparently full of men,
and sweeping on shore. At Sh. 15m. fired two muskets to
bring the chase to. On firing the second gun, she com-
menced firing with round and grape, and musketry. We
returned it with our mu&kets, at the same time making every
exertion to get alongside of her. At 8h. 30ia. the schoonei
succeeded tn gaining the shore; in an instant we were on
board ofher, and succeeded in getting onshore. We, how
ever, secured one man, and found two of her crew killed—
one on boaid, the other on shore. We have every reason,
however,to believe that several were wounded. Handed the
marines, with some of the seamen, but the thickness of the
underwood rendered it imprudent to pursue them. We
succeeded in getting off the schooner (late the Pilot, of
Norfolk) without her sustaining any material injury. I am
happy to state that notone of'our men has been injured."
(Dated off Havana, April8,1823; signed C. It.'Stribling,
and addressed to Captain S. Cassin, commanding the divis-
ion of schooners and barges.]
Itwill be seen here that only three or four pirates
were killed or taken prisoners; in the other action
there were seventy or eighty. I have no doubt
that it was an entire mistake*
Mr. HOUSTON. Mr. President 
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. May I trespass
for a few moments on the courtesy of* the Senator
from Texas by asking him to allow me to do a
like duty to a friend ?
Mr. HOUSTON. I yield for that purpose.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. Mr. President, it
will be remembered, that several weeks ago I
notified the Senate that on some suitable occasion
I should endeavor to vindicate Lieutenant Bart-
lett from aspersions which had been hcapdd on
him, and I hoped that I should be able to do it to
the satisfaction of every member of this body. I
have been ready to perform that duty for some
time; but owing to various causes, and the diffi-
culty of getting the subject before the Senate, I
have not been able to do so. If the Senate will
give me their attention for a few moments—I do
not propose to make a speech—! will endeavor to
acquit myself of what I conceive to be one of the
most pleasant duties of the social relations of
life.
I regret that the Senator from Louisiana [Mr.
Slidell] is not in his scat. Ordinarily, the rules
of courtesy would forbid that I should say any-
thing on this occasion in his absence; butas I do
not intend to say a single word, either intended
or calculated to provoke one remark from him, I
feel that I violate none of the courtesies due to
the Senate in making this explanation now.
That the Senator fiom Louisiana felt warranted,
and that he may have been justified, in pronounc-
ing his sentence of condemnation on Lieutenant
Bartlett, is a question which it is not necessary
for my purpose to inquire into. All that remains
for me to do is to satisfy the Senate, if I can,
that there was no intention on the part of Lieu-
tenant BartJett to misrepresent any state of facts
whatever. What is the ground on which this
serious censure has been pronounced on Lieuten-
ant Bartlett? A letter appeared in the New York
Herald, which it is understood was prepared by
Lieutenant Bartlett, not for publication, as I am
informed, but it found its way into the columns
of the Herald. In that letter the following pas-
sage occurs:
I have also seen a letter, in Commodore Perry's hand-
writing, to Mr. Parker, son of Commodore Parker, late a
lieutenant, in which Commodore Perry compliments
Parker, ami then adds: ( I hope the day will soon come
when the monstrous injustice which has been done to you
and others will be corrected.'"
I take it for granted that Lieutenant Bartlett was
the author of that paragraph. That it does not
comport with the letter of Commodore Perry to
Mr. Parker I am free to admit. In order that
the Senate may see it fully, I will read the letter
itself, desiring to extenuate nothing, and not being
willing that anything shall be set down in malice.
The letter of Commodore Perry to Mr. Parker
is as follows:
New York, November 16,1855.
My dear Sir : I have received your communication of
the 14th instant, and, though sympathizing most deeply with
you and others who have been injuriously affected by the
action of the late navy board, I feel myself constiained to
reply, as I have to all similar applications, that an implied
obligation of confidence deters me from giving the informa-
tion asked for.
.Trusting there will soon be some suitable way provided
by which all interested may obtain all the information and
explanation they desire,
I am, sir, your obedient servant, M. C. PERRY.
Lieutenant Foxhall A. Parker, United States Navy, 289
Spruce street, Philadelphia.
Now, Mr. President, I hold in ray hand a com-
munication which has been sent to me by Lieu-
tenant Bartlett, explanatory of that difference in
his construction of the letter. I read it:
To the Senate of the United States :
The uudersigned is compelled, by a just sense of what is
duo to himself and his friends, to advert to remarks made
on the floor of the Senate on Monday last, personal to him-
self, and to state, as he now does, to the Senate, that while
it is apparent, from a reading of the letters, that in at-
tempting to relate hom memory the contents of a letter
winch the undesigned was shown, Without any reserva-
tions, (but only for a moment,) a month previously—and
knowing, as did the undersigned, that the writer of that
letter had expressed himself to the undersigned, and others,
m strong terms condemnatory of the law by which the
naval board was convened, as well as to the final results of
the action under the law, and the belief and hopes of the
writer of that letter (Commodore Perry) that injustice would
be made manifest, and corrected—the undersigned was in-
disci felly led to give to the letter of the commodore a force
and bearing winch the letter itself, unsuppoited by other
testimony, does not sustain.
Tins the undersigned deeply regrets, but submits that it
does not invalidate, or in any degree lessen the force of other
testimony to the same effect, which testimony will be pro-
duced if it shall be nccessary.
The undersigned begs to say that he has not willfully mis-
construed the commodore's views and feehmrs. He believes
that Commodore Perry was a u conservative" on the Navy
boaid ; that he l.ibou;'d and btiuggled (thoughoverruled) to
constitute the Loaul an mquny that would give a chance
to those who mWit be affected by U an opportunity to defend
themselves, before the ax should fall upon them.
The undei signed believes that scores have fallen who
could not have so fallen had tins couise been pursued, and
among them the gallant commodoie's own son.
As toi the undersigned, he stands read} to surrender him-
self as amenable to all the law* and regulations of the
Navy, and all the obligations of a naval officer under tha
laws of the Navy, and under the severest charges which
the Navy Department can frame against him, to go to trial
before a court martial, asking no indulgence but the secu-
rities of the laws. Very respectfully,
WASIl'NT A. BARTLETT.
Washington, Jlpril 2, 1S56.
Mr. President, there is a bold, manly, straight-
forward acknowledgment of his error—just such
an acknowledgment as I think an honest and
honorable man would ever be ready to make. He
admits frankly, without rebervation, that, in at-
tempting to quote the language of a letter which
he had read but for a moment a month before that
time, he stated it in stronger terms than the letter
itself warranted. Is this remarkable when it is
considered that he had not seen it from the time
when he was permitted to read it but for a
moment, till it made it3 appearance here in the
Senate ?
I know it is the pleasure and wish of every
Senator on tins floor to accord justice to every
American citizen; and I know that there is not a
man on this floor whose heart would respond
more promptly to a rendition of justice to an in-
nocent man than would that of the honorable
Senator from Louisiana. From my own long
acquaintance with him, I feel certain that he
would be as happy to know that Lieutenant Bart-
lett stood exonerated from any purpose of inten-
tional falsehood, as I who profess to be his per-
sonal friend.
Was there any ground on which Lieutenant
Bartlett may have been misled, or any reason why
misconceptions may have arisen in his mind?
That Commodore Perry did express himself to
Lieu^nant Bartlett in strong terms of condemna-
tion against a portion of the action of the board I
suppose will not be controverted by any one. I
presume that the commodore has used language
on that subject, saying that he did not concur in a
portion of the action of the board. He so stated
in conversation with Lieutenant Bartlett; but I
am not left to rely on Lieutenant Bartlett's state*®
ment unsupported by others. I hold in my hand
a letter written by Lieutenant Gibson, a highly
honorable officer, to a brother officer, Mr. Mason,
of Virginia, in which he says:
C<I called yesterday to see Commodore Perry. He is, as
you may have heard, very indignant at the proceedings of
the board. He says he did all he could to prevent their
unjust action, but that he could do nothing. He spoke of
your case particularly. He says that he is anxious to be
called on by Congress to give his opinion of the whole pro-
ceedings of the board, and hopes that he may be sent for,
and examined on the subject. He expressed his decided
conviction that, if the leport of the board had not been so
hastily approved by the Secretary of the Navy and the
President, (through the influence of the Secretaiy,) and
had been sent back to the boaid for reconsideration, a very
great chan«e would have been made in it, for he thinks that
by that time the conservatives on the board would have
had more influence. Would it not be as well for you to
endeavor, through whatever influence you can muster, to31
have Commodore Perry ordered before Congress, that he
may relate the proceedings of the august tribunal, the naval
retiring board, and show the Evidence which operated on
the minds of that body in their decisions on the characters
of their biother officers?"
Lieutenant Bartlett had seen that letter, fn
addition to that I must be permitted to say—and
I regret that the Senator from Louisiana is not in
his place to hear it—that I have been informed
by two Senators on this floor that the Senator
from Rhode Tsland [Mr. James] had a conversa-
tion with Commodore Perry of the same charac-
ter and purport, and that he communicated the
substance of that conversation to Bartlett.
With these impressions on the mind of Lieu-:
tenant Bartlett, at a time when he undertook to
give his recollection of a letter which he had read
a month before, is it at all strange that he should
have used stronger language than the letter itself
would bear? Anxious and careful as he was for
the vindication of his own character, and that of
his suffering brother officers, is it strange that he
should have fallen into this unintentional error?
What motive could Lieutenant Bartlett have
had to misrepresent that letter ? Was it not known
that the letter was in existence, and that the truth
—refutin^iis construction of the letter—was at-
tainable IB%ny and at all times? Surely, what-
ever may be said of him, no man has yet ventured
to say that he is wanting in intelligence and com-
mon sense; but he must have been the \eriest
fool outside of a lunatic asylum to venture on an
experiment so fatal as that. All that I ask is,
that the Senate will believe, as I do, that it was
an unintentional error on his part, with no pur-
pose to do injustice to Commodore Perry, or
anybody else; but he was eager and anxious to
vindicate himself, feeling that he was trodden
down, that he had been oppressed, and that he
was suffering under contumely and reproach, and
he was ready to lay hold of anything which came
in his path that might help to release him from
the unfortunate condition in which he found
himself.
I know, from my own personal knowledge,
that there is not a man in the American Navy
who cherishes for the character, for the fame, and
for the services of Commodore Perry a higher
admiration or a more ardent devotion than Lieu-
tenant Bartlett. He has ever looked to him as
the star of his hope; he has ever relied on him
as the best means of ridding himself from the
opprobrium which is attempted to be cast upon
him; and therefore he had no motive, and could
have had no motive, to misconstrue and misrep-
resent him.
As for the charges preferred against Lieutenant
Bartlett I have not a word to say. They are
not before us. When they shall be here, under
all my responsibilities as a Senator, I will give
to them the consideration which they deserve.
If it shall appear that the retiring board have
done but their duty in dismissing him, I shall
bow to that sentence, and shall stand by and
vindicate them in their action. But, sir, I must
be permitted to say—and it gives me unfeigned
pleasure to say it—that I have known Lieutenant
Bartlett long, and I have known him well; and
my honest conviction before Heaven and men
to-day is, that he is as honest a man as lives upon
the earth, and that he is as efficient an officer as
any of his grade in the American Navy. Let
the trial come; let the proofs be adduced, and
then, if he is guilty, I shall say "Amen" to his
