1856.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
371
34th Cong....1st Sess.
Admission of Kansas—Mr. Harlan.
Senate.
historical, political, and legal reading. The rep-
resentations made by these Kansas papers now
under immediate consideration, including the ma-
jority import of the Committee on Territories, are,
as I "think, perverted, partial, and highly colored.
I do not propose to enter into a general review
of all these facts; but that large bodies of men
from an adjoining State did enter Kansas for the
avowed purpose of controlling her elections, and
by false swearing in some districts, and by intim-
idation and force in others, (with guns and knives,
and revolvers, driving away the officers of elec-
tions and free-State voters when necessary for that
purpose,) did deposit votes in sufficient numbers
to determine the character of her first Legislature;
that this Legislature, thus elected by perjury and
violence, and fraud, did enact laws for the estab-
lishment of slavery, with severe and unusual pen-
alties, violating freedom of speech and of the
I ress; and, to secure the execution of these odious
aws among an outraged people, did appoint local
officers from the number of their own friends to
serve (not for three, or six, or nine months, until
the people could be called together at the polls to
elect them, but contrary to all precedent) for
periods of from two to five years; and that all the
difficulties in this Territory—the war, the arson,
the carnage and bloodshed, have been occasioned
by a persevering effort on the part of armed bands
of men residing out of the Territory to compel the
people to acquiesce in the consummation of this
nigh-handed outrage on their rights as freemen,
ts a part of the history of the country which no
amount of learning, no strength of logic, and no fire
of eloquence can ever obliterate. Honorable Sena-
tors may rise in their places and significantly in-
quire, as they inquired of the honorable Senator
from Massachusetts a few days since, for the
authorities on which these statements are made.
I respond by inquiring for the authority of the
world's conviction that Louis Napoleon was ele-
vated to the throne of his imperial uncle " by
force and fraud?" Every lip curled with scorn
when it was officially announced to the nations
that the people of France had voted almost unani-
mously in favor of the " empire." Everybody
knew that this gigantic fraud was secured by the
influence of a secret police, the threat of the guil-
lotine, and the arms of the imperial guards, who
hovered around the polls. But who could prove
this by other than oral testimony and newspaper
articles, which honorable Senators here treat with
such contempt? None. Just so in the election
frauds of Kansas—its only parallel for audacity
in the world's history! Ana here, sir, allow me
to say that I have been somewhat astonished to
find that the newspapers of England are in higher
repute in the American Senate than the public
journals of their own country. Honorable'Sen-
ators complacently quote from the newspapers of
Great Britain—from the London Times and Tele-
graph, and others—on a different subject, without
rebuke, without a sneer, without an expression
of scorn from other Senators; but when Senators
refer to newspapers of their own country, pub-
lished in a given locality, to sustain historical
facts transpiring around them, they are treated
with derision. How is this ? I desire to know,
■ir, if, in the opinion of this Senate, a despotism
is more favorable to newspaper veracity than a
republic?
But, Mr. President, oral testimony and news-
paper statements are sometimes very significant.
Let any one converse with the people of western
Missouri, and of western Iowa, as I have done,—
having the honor to represent, in part, that State
on this floor for the time being,—and with the
people of Nebraska, and the people of Kansas
nerself, and read the newspaper articles on both
sides of this controverted subject, and they will
ascertain this singular condition of facts: that, the
free-State men and the free-State papers all charge
the perjury, the force, the usurpation, and the
fraud to which I have alluded, and charge them
to condemn, whilst the pro-slavery citizens of
those various localities and the pro-slavery papers
admit the force, admit the usurpation, but seek to
justify it. They say this was all necessary for
the purpose of protecting the institution of slavery
in the State of Missouri. There is no denial by
them of the leading facts connected with this con-
troversy; and if these frets are doubted or cailsd
in question by their friends on this floor, it will
be received by them as no compliment; for they
wear the success which has hitherto attended the
part they have performed in the settlement of the
institutions of Kansas, as the tallest plume in their
crown of honor.
They first resolved that Kansas should become
a slave State; to secure this it was necessary to
elect a pro-slavery Legislature, and theymarched
over and elected one; deliberately using enough
force to secure this result. In obedience to their
will this Legislature extended over the Territory
the slave laws of Missouri, and elected officers
among their friends to enforce these laws. And it
is for the purpose of compelling the people of Kan-
sas to recognize as legal a Legislature which they
never elected—as valid, laws which they never
aided to enact—to obey local officers for whom none
of them ever voted—that the President has ordered
out the United States troops in that Territory.
It never has been pretended, and is not now
pretended, that the people of Kansas have ever
refused to obey laws enacted by Congress, or to
respect process issuing from the courts of the
United States in the hands of the duly-appointed
marshals.
But, Mr. President, to compel the people of
Kansas to obey these laws thus made without
their sanction, is to establish slavery in this Ter-
ritory by the strong arm of the Federal Govern-
ment— "squatter sovereignty" to the contrary
notwithstanding—not peacefully by Congress in
these Halls, but by the President, at the head of
our armies. But, believing Congress (if com-
petent) a more desirable tribunal for the estab-
lishment of great questions of State than armed
men on the battle-field, I ask the indulgence of
the Senate while I inquire whether—
1. The Congress of the United States has power to
exclude slavery from her Territories ?
2. Whether this power ought to be exercised in the
organization of territorial governments where slavery
did not previously exist ?
In support of these propositions, I desire to
cite, first, the declaratory acts of Congress fol-
lowing each acquisition of territory by the United
States.
In the year 1784, previous to the adoption of
the Constitution of the United States, Virginia
ceded to the Confederacy all of her territory lying
northwest of the Ohio river. All other States
claiming any interest in this territory made a
similar conveyance, with a few comparatively
unimportant reservations. This was the first,
and comprised all the territory owned by the
Confederacy.
In the year 1787, an ordinance was adopted by
the thirteen old States, containing a provision
styled—"Articles of compact between the original
States end the people and States in the Northwest
Territory," wnich, unless changed by mutual
consent, was "to remain unalterable forever."
This compact provides that
" There shftH be neither slavery nor involuntary servitude
in the said Territory otherwise than in the punishment of
crimes, whereof the party shall have been duly convicted."
This was the act of the thirteen sovereign
States while held together by articles of confed-
eration. It had all the moral force of a regular
treaty between independent nations. It was in
form a mere " law of Congress, "subject to repeal
or modification at the will of the majority; but
had all the moral elements of a " compact," a
bargain, concluded, signed, and sealed between
high contracting parties—unchangeable in its very
nature, without the consent of all the parties in
interest. And thus it was published and acqui-
esced in by the people of all the States and Ter-
ritories. None were then found to complain of
the restriction, and to demand " the right to carry
their property" in men and women into these
Territories. So completely contented were all
the original States, North and South, with this
settlement of our territorial policy, that in the
formation of the Constitution of the United States,
adopted in the year 1789, conferring on the cen-
tral Government all the essential elements of na-
tionality, nothing is said on this subject, only
that—
" The Congress shall have power to dispose of, and make
all needful rules and regulations respecting, the Territory
or other property belonging to-the United States." i
The government of the Territories is not even
named. This had been provided for by the ordi-
nance of 1787, a provision older than the Consti-
tution, which remained unchanged.
By an act passed at the first Congress, the or-
dinance was modified and declared to be in full
! force; and to its provisions all the subsequent
legislation of Congress quietly conformed for
more than thirty years.
I am aware that an objection to the conclusive-
ness of this declaratory act of'Congress has been
urged with great ability by the honorable Sena-
tor from Georgia, [Mr. Toombs,] on this floor, a
few days since, and also in a speech recently de-
livered by him in Boston. That I may do him no
injustice, I read from the latter, because in it I
think his views are presented with more clearness,
precision, and strength, than in his recent im-
promptu reply to the honorable Senator from
New Hampshire, [Mr. Hale.] He says:
" From these facts it is dear that this legislation for the
Northwest Territory does not conflict with the principle X
assert, and does not furnish a precedent for hostile legisla -
tion by Congress against slavery in the Territories. That
such was neither the principle nor the policy upon which
this act of Congress in 1789 was based, is further shAwn by
the subsequent action of the same Congress upon the same
subject. On the 2d of April, 1790, Congress, by a formal
act, accepted the cession by North Carolina of her western
lands, (now the State of Tennessee,) with this clause in
the deed of cession—' that no regulations made, or to be
made by Congress, shall tend to emancipate slaves' in the
ceded territory; and on the 26th May, 1790, passed a terri-
torial bill for the government of all the territory claimed by
the United States, south of the Ohio river. The description
of this territory included all the lands ceded by North Car-
olina, and it included a great deal more, its boundaries
were left indefinite, because there were conflicting claims
to all the rest of the territory. But this act put tiie whole
country south of the Ohio, claimed by the Federal Govern-
I ment, under this pro-slavery clause of the North Carolina
1 deed. The whole action of the first Congress in relation
to slavery in the Territories, wus simply this: it acquiesced
in a government for the Northwest Territory, based upon a
preexisting anti-slavery ordinance, established la govern-
ment for the country ceded by North Carolina, in conformity
with the pro-slavery clause in her deed of cession, and ex-
tended this pro-slavery clause to all the rest of the territory
claimed by the United States. This legislation vindicates
the first Congress from all imputation of having established
the precedent claimed by the advocates of legislative ex-
• clusion. On the 7th of April, 1798, (during the administra-
I tion of President John Adams,) the next territorial act was
passed: it was the first act of territorial legislation resting
solely upon primary, original, unfettered, constitutional
power over tlie subject. It established a government over
; the territory included within the boundaries of a line drawn
! due east from the mouth of the Yazoo river to the Chata-
hoochee river, thence down that river to the thirty-first de-
j gree of north latitude, thence west on thauline to the Mis-
sissippi, then up that river to the beginning. This territory
was within the boundary of the United States, as defined
by the treaty of Paris, and was held not to be within the
boundary of any of the Slates. The controversy arose out
of this state of facts.
I " The charter of Georgia limited her boundary in the
sooth by the ARamaha river. In 1763, (after the surrender
of her charter,) her limits were extended on the south by
the Crown of Great Britain, to the St. Mary's river, and
thence on the thirty-first parallel of latitude to the Missis-
sippi river. In 1764, it Was claimed, that on the recom-
mendation of the Board of Trade, the boundary was again
altered, and that portion of territory lying within the bound-
aries I have described, was annexed to West Florida, and
that thus it stood at the Revolution and treaty of peace.
Therefore the United States claimed it as common prop-
erty, and in 1798 passed the act now undqr review for its
government. In that act, Congress neither claimed nor ex-
ercised any power to prohibit slavery. The question came
directly before it—the ordinance of 1787, in terms, exclud-
ing the anti-slavery clause, was applied to this territory: this
is a precedent directly in point, and is directly against the
exercise of the power now claimed. In 1802, Georgia ceded
her western lands, protecting slavery in her grant, and the
Federal Government observed tbe stipulation. In 1803 we
acquired Louisiana from France by purchase. There is no
special reference to slavery in the treaty; it was protected
only under the general name of property. This acquisi-
tion was, soon after the treaty, divided into two territories,
the Orleans and the Louisiana Territories, over both of
which governments were established. Slavery was pro-
tected by law in tbe whole territory when we acquired it.
Congress prohibited the foreign and domestic slave trade
in these Territories, but gave the express protection of its
laws to slave-owners emigrating thither with their slaves.
Upon the admission of Louisiana into the Union, a new
government was established over the rest of the country,
under the name of the Missouri Territory. This act at-
tempted no exclosion, slaveholders emigrated to the country
with their slaves, and were protected by their government.
In 1819, Florida was acquired by purchase; its laws recog-
nized and protected slavery at th# time of the acquisition.
The United States extended the same recognition and pro-
tection to it. In all this legislation, embracing every act
upon the subject up to 1890, we find no warrant, authority,
or precedent, for the prohibition of slavery by Congress in
the Territories."
The honorable Senator argues against the con-
clusiveness of the ordinance of 1787, as a legisla-
