1856.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
condemnation; but if he is innocent we shall all
rejoice to testify to that innocencc. I must say-
that, with my knowledge of him, and my impres-
sions after a somewhat extended intercourse,
social, personal, and official, I believe that he will
stand vindicated before God and man when the
trial shall come. This is all I have to say, Mr.
President.
Mr. HOUSTON then rose and addressed the
Senate until half past three o'clock against the
acts of the late naval board.
Mr. H. gave way, without concluding, to—
Mr. BELL, of Tennessee. I hope the honor-
able Senator will not be required to finish his
remarks this evening. He is evidently laboring
under indisposition. I move that the Senate
adjourn.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate ad-
journed.
- HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
"Wednesday, April 23, 1856.
The House met at twelve o'clock, m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. Daniel Waldo.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
The SPEAKER stated that the regular order
of business was the consideration of the report of
the Committee of Elections on the Nebraska con-
tested-election case.
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATION.
The SPEAKER, by unanimous consent, laid
before the House a communication from the State
Department, respecting the tariff duties, restric-
tions, prohibitions, and custom-house regulations,
applicable to American tobacco in the principal
commercial countries of Europe, in answer to a
resolution recently passed by the House of Rep-
resentatives; which was laid on the table, and
ordered to be printed.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I call for the reg-
ular order of business.
MOTION TO RECONSIDER.
Mr. SEWARD. I rise to a privileged ques-
tion. I move to reconsider the vote by which
House bill No. 261 was referred to thdMommit-
tee of the Whole on the state of the UrHSfi.
Mr. HAVEN. What bill is that?
Mr. SEWARD. It is the bill in reference to
the improvement of the harbor of Savannah, in
the State of Georgia. I do not care to have the
motion acted on now. Let it be entered, and go
over.
The SPEAKER. The motion will be entered.
MESSAGE FROM TIIE SENATE.
A message was received from the Senate, by
Asbcry Dickins, their Secretary, announcing
that the Senate had passed bills of the following
titles; in which he was directed to ask the con-
currence of the House:
An act to alter and amend the act entitled "An
act to establish a circuit court of the United States
in and for the State of California," approved
March 3, 1855; and
An act to provide for issuing patents in certain
cases where grants of the public lands have been
made by Congress.
Also, that the Senate had passed bills of the
House of the following titles:
An act to amend the act granting bounty land
to certain officers and soldiers who have been
engaged in the military service of the United
States, approved March 3, 1855; and
An aet to continue half pay to Mrs. Lewright
Browning, for a further term of five years.
DEFICIENCY BILL.
Mr. THURSTON. Mr. Speaker, I rise to a
privileged question. I move to reconsider the
vote by which the fifty-first amendment of the
Senate was concurred in. On yesterday, when
the proposition was up for action, I voted under
a misapprehension. On looking more closely to
the subject, I find that it involves general legisla-
tion, and therefore violates the rule which I have
laid down for my guidance in this House, to op-
pose the insertion m appropriation bills of any-
thing but appropriations. I wish to have my vote
conect upon the record; and to do so, make the
motion to reconsider, which I have submitted. 1
move the previous question.
Mr. WASIIBURNE, of Illinois. I desire to
know whether the deficiency bill has not passed
this House, and gone to the Senate ?
Mr. GIDDINGrS. No matter. We can send
for it.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I hardly suppose
the clerks have made up the report, and carried
the bill to the Senate.
The SPEAKER. That fact is not material.
The motion to reconsider is in order.
The amendment was read; and is as follows:
Sec. 2. Jind be it further enacted, That the joint resolu-
tion of Congress " to fix the compensation of the employes
in the legislative department of the Government, and to
prohibit the allowance of the usual extra compensation to
such as leceive the benefits thereof," approved the 20th of
July, 1854, and the provision m the act of 3d March, 1855,
which authonzes the application of the benefits of said res-
olution to apply to the librarian, and assistants, and messen-
ger in the hbraiy of Congress, be mj construed as to allow
them twenty per centum upon the compensation provided
by the seventh section of the act of 4th August, 1854, making
appropriations for the civil and diplomatic expenses of Gov-
ernment ; and the said joint icoOlution shall not be con-
strued to apply to the public printer for either branch of
Con2ress: and that so much of the act approved the 3d
of March, 1855, as requires all blank-books, binding, and
ruling for the several Executive Departments shall be fur-
nished under the direction and supervision of the Superin-
tendent of Public Printing, be, and the same is hereby,
repealed.
The SPEAKER. The motion to reconsider
cannotbe considered at this time except by unan-
imous consent.
Mr. WHEELER. I object.
Mr. HAVEN. I trust that, whatever is done
with the motion, it will be disposed of now.
Mr. SANDIDGE. I move to lay the motion
to reconsider on the table.
Mr. HAVEN. I have the floor.
The SPEAKER. A demand for the previous
question is pending.
Mr. HAVEN. Do I understand the Chair to
state that the motion to reconsider must go over? !
The SPEAKER. The motion to reconsider !
can only now be considered by unanimous con-
sent.
Mr. HAVEN. And do I understand that a
motion for the previous question is pending?
The SPEAKER. The Chair understood the
gentleman from Rhode Island [Mr. Thurston]
to call the previous question.
Mr. THURSTON. I hope the motion to re-
consider may be disposed of now.
No objection being made, the motion to recon-
sider was taken up for consideration.
Mr. HAVEN. I ask the gentleman from
Rhode Island to withdraw the demand for the
previous question.
Mr. THURSTON. I will withdraw it.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. Do I understand
that the gentleman from Rhode Island has the I
right to call up his motion to reconsider at this
time ?
The SPEAKER. The motion to reconsider
has been taken up by the unanimous consent of
the House.
Mr. HAVEN. I hope the House will refuse
to reconsider the vote by which this amendment
of the Senate was concurred in; and that the
action of the House yesterday, in reference to it,
will be sustained. Now, sir, what is the amend-
ment? What is its object? What does it pro-
pose to accomplish ? I am free to confess that,
taken in all its parts—taken in the aggregate—it
is not exactly as I would prefer having it. I would
much prefer getting rid of the first and last parts
of it, and saving that portion of it only which
repeals the twenty per cent, to the public printer,
if I could do so; but I have seen enough here to
know I cannot accomplish that, with this House
or with the Senate. The amendment seems to
aim at three objects. The first one is, to allow '
the librarian of Congress, and his assistants,
and the messengers in his office, twenty per cent,
upon the compensation which was provided for
them by the seventh section of the civil and di-
plomatic appropriation bill of the 4th of August,
1854; and this is all of the first object. It is
expressed in these words in.the amendment it is j
now proposed to reconsider: i
Sec. 9. Jlnd be it farther enacted, That the joint resolu- J
tion of Congress '• to fix the compensation of the employes i
in the legislative department of the Government, and to
prohibit the allowance of the usual extia compensation to
such as leceive the benefits thereof." approved the 20th of
Julv, 1854, and the provision in the act of 3d March, 1355,
which authonzes the application of the benefits of said res-
olution to apply tor he hhranan,and assistants, and nie^sen- .
gor, m the library of Congress, be so construed as to allow j
them twenty per centum upon-tbe, compensation provided *
by the seventh section of the act of 4th August, 1854, making
appropriations for the civil and diplomatic expenses WGovt
eminent. - ~ ■;'i'
Now, sir, what is that seventh,"section-strMcK '
makes this provision for them? Simply-this/
"That the. librarian of Congress: shall" reee'M^
$1,800, the assistant-librarians ft,500 each, arid -
the messengers #1,200 per annumatnd the money;
is appropriated to pay "the same. So it will- be
seen that the first of this amendment applies to ,
nothing, and affects nothing, except the twenty
per cent, to these men in the library of Congress.
The whole amount which this amendment leaves
them in possession of, and .which they have had
heretofore, and which I think they will be enti-
tled to under the appropriation bill of last year,
e.ven if this amendment should be defeated, will
not exceed $1,200 to $1,400. - -* <
That being understood, the second object of'
the amendment is to repeal the provision whi<Sh
has been held to give the public printer'twenty
per cent, upon the compensation given him by the
law of 1852, establishing the superintendent's
office, and fixing the compensation of the public
printer.
Sir, I wish it understood by members here, and
by the country, if this object is not carried out—-
if this amendmentis reconsidered and struck out—^
there will be taken out of the public treasury
annually, contrary to the intention of Congress,
who passed that law, from twenty to onehundred
and fifty thousand dollars—whether it shall be .
agreater or less amount depending'entirely upon
the construction which the Court of Claims, sanc-
tioned by Congress, shall give to the lawi Let
us stop and think of that for a moment. I under-
stand that the Court of Claims have already de-
cided that the public printer is entitled to twenty
per centum extra compensation under the law as
it now stands—that he is an employe of the House
within the meaning of the joint resolution of 1854.
It is to obviate this decision, to get rid of the
effects of this construction, that I wish this amend-
ment retained. But the court has not yet decided
whether the public printer shall have that twenty
per centum on his net profits only—which would
give him about twenty thousand dollars per
annum—or whether he shall have it upon the
entire amount paid him in gross for all the print-
ing—in which event it will, in my judgment,
amount to more than one hundred thousand dol-
lars. It is enormous; it is a public scandal; and
ought to, and will, if understood, bring Congress
into disrepute and disgrace.
Sir, I am determined these things shall be
known; and if men here will not remedy them,
they shall take the responsibility of such derelic-
tion under the public eye. I prefer to let the
librarian and his assistants have this twenty per
cent., addition to their salaries, which -will not
amount to more than $ 1,900 to $1,400 per annum,
and by that means get rid of this wanton, fear-
ful, infliction upon the Treasury for the printer.
I think the legislation of last year gives it to the
-librarian any way, and without this provision in
the amendment; but if it does not, had we not
better give that $1,200 to get rid of the $100,000
to the printer, whether the proceeds are or are
not to be shared by the printer with men in or
about these Halls, or elsewhere?
I have heard, Mr. Speaker, from various sides
of the House, much talking about human rights
and economy. A few days ago I heard a gen-
tleman, who is proclaimed as a leading member
of the Republican party, and, for aught I know,
assumes to be such, [Mr. -Stanton, of Ohio,]
declare in substance, as I understood him, that
he would have to change his course of action ill
this body to enaSle him to arraign this Adminis-
tration in the coming campaign on the subject of
economy. It struck me as curious and peculiar
at the time; it seems still more so since I wit-
nessed the voting on this amendment yesterday.
I saw only yesterday, sir, a great many of these
economical and virtuous Republican members on
this side of the House exhibit a ready, a most
devoted and steady willingness, ay, determina-
tion, so to vote upon this amendment as to con-
tinue this enormous abuse, and still pay, by thou-
sands and tens of thousands, the public money to
this public printer as a mere gratuity. I notice,_
sir, that they fuse and vote with the Democratic
party upon this question. I wish the House anu
the country to understand that, too. Tiioy seem
