1856.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1881
eminent. It is based strongly and directly on the
best settled principles of public law.
I agree with my friend from Virginia, however, !
as to the phraseology of the bill; and I think it i
may le.id to abuses, and may take in aclass of!
cases which has not been audited. I ana willing
to stand to the report of tlie commission who
dealt hardly with the sufferers; for all the com-
plaints have been as to low valuations and the
consequential damages, such as the destruction
of crops. Some of these people have been clamor-
ous for consequential damages, and perhaps the
Senate may hear of that question in the future.
But here was an actual destruction of property
under these circumstances; and in my judgment,
every sound and recognized principle requires
that it should be paid for.
Mr. YULEE. I think there can be no doubt
of 
Mr. FITZPATRICK. T wish to state to the
honorable Senator from Florida, before he offers
his amendment, that 1 will accept the amendment
of the Senator from Georgia, [Mr. Iverson.]
Mr. YULEE. That is not in order now. On
the merits of the question, I think there can be
no doubt on the argument of the Senators from
Georsia. 1 propose to offer now a substitute for
the amendment which 1 presented before; to
which I presume no objection can be made, and
I will state the reasons for it.
This commission was appointed in 1837, with
directions " to inquire what depredations were
committed by the Semmole and Creek Indians
on the property of citizens of Florida, Georgia,
and Alabama," and a specific appropriation was |
made to defray the expenses of the commission.
Tln-y proceeded to the execution of the duty dc- '
volvcd on them, and visited the States of Georgia ■
and Alabama, where they examined into the
claims which were presented; but, as they re-
ported to the Government, they did not proceed
to Florida at that time; and afterwards, in conse-
quence of the exhaustion of the appropriation,
they were not able to continue in the execution
of their duty. They state in their repon:
"The cotnmi^ioners will ptoeeed to Flondnand com-
mence an investigation of claim-, toi <lt picdations upon the
pioptirty of citizens of tlmtTemroiy, as soon as it may be !
deemed expedient. Such was the condition of the coun-
try at the time they closed their duties m Gomgia and Ala-
bama. that it was believed the inquiry could not bop.os-
ecufed then with advantage to the buileiers or the pub-
lic.5'
For that reason the duties imposed by the law
were left unexecuted, and tlie exhaustion of the
appropriation prevented their being resumed.
The amendment which I propose is simply a re-
vival of that provision, for the purpose of pursu-
ing the investigations of the claims included with-
in the class contemplated in the.act of 1S37, not
to be paid by the Depaitment, but to be reported
to Congress. To that 1 presume there can be 110
objection. It is simply to provide for the com-
pletion of the commission. The amendment is:
be it further enacted, That thiee commissioners be
appointed 1))' the Piesidcnt, with the advice and consentof
the Senate, to investigate the claims of the cla^s specified
in the act of MaicU 3, 1837, which weie riot acted upon
by the former commission, and that the repoit of said com-
misfion, when their duties shall have been completed, be
reported to Congress.
Mr. SEWARD. I understood the question to
be upon the substitute for the bill offered by the
Senator from Georgia, [Mr. Iverson.]
The PRESIDING OFFICER. That has been
accepted by the Senator from Alabama.
Mr. PITZPATRICK. The substitute speci-
fies the amount, and is the bill substantially as
the Senator from New York suggested fixing the
amount.
Mr. STUART. I hope the Senator from New
Yoik will allow that substitute to be read before
he proceeds.
Mr. TOOMBS. My colleague introduced a
substitute forthebillof the Senator from Alabama, 1
and the amendment of the Senator from New \
Yorfk can bo accepted to that. >
Mr. FITZPATRICK. Precisely. j
Mr. TOOMBS. And then the amendment of i
the S'm.itor from Florida can be voted upon by ■
the Senate.
Mr. S£ VV ARD. Let us hear the substitute of I
the Senator from Georgia. i
The Secretary again read it. •
Mr. SEWAIiD. I understand the honorable i
Senator from Alabama to say that he will accept
my amendment.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. What has
just been read will be considered as the bill now
before the Senate. The question is on the amend-
ment offered by the Senator from Florida.
Mr. SEWARD I understand that mine was
accepted as a part of the substitute.
Mr. YULEE. If it is desired, I can withdraw
my amendment for the present, in order to allow
the other to be presented to the Senate.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The amend-
ment of the Senator from New York is:
Provided, That nothing herein contained shall be con-
strued to warrant the allowance or payment of any sum
which the Secretary of the Treasury and the Attorney Gen-
eral shall not deem ju>l and reasonable.
The amendment was agreed to.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
now is on the amendment of the Senator from
Florida.
Mr. JOHNSON. I'should like to ask what
amount the Florida amendment involves ? There
is already an appropriation of $349,000 in the bill.
Mr. YULEE. My amendment involves no
particular amount. It merely provides for the
completion of the commission appointed by the
act of 1837. Tne commissioners stated in their
report that they deferred action on that part of
their duties winch related to Florida.
Mr. JOHNSON. This is to authorize them
to proceed?
Mr. YULEE. In the mean time the appro-
priation was exhausted, so that they could not
continue. This amendment merely provides that
commissioners may be appointed for the purpose
of proceeding there and examining the subject,
and the result is to be reported to Congress.
Mr. JOHNSON. That is exactly the way in
which this whole matter commenced. In 1837 a
commission was appointed for the purpose of
examining into the Creek depredations alleged
to have been committed in Georgia, Florida, and
Alabama. They reported a large amount of
claims, of which my impression is that a consid- i
erablo part has already been paid. Payment has
been made in isolated cases that have been brought
before Congress.
Mr. TOOMBS. But one claim of $20,000 has
been paid, and no other within my knowledge,
and I think I understand the subject pretty well, i
Mr. JOHNSON. I know that tiie Senators'
from Georgia and Alabama will appreciate the ;
motives on which I oppose this proceeding to- i
day, for 1 am actuated by the spiiit which leads j
them to oppose projects to poach upon the Tivas- ■
ury from any consideration. I have had no op- '
portuwty to examine this subject now, and I
speak of it as I do simply because, having been
for a number of years a member of the other
House, I know that it was frequently a matter
of conversation before the Committee on Indian
A'ffairs of that body, of which committee I was
a member, and X know that there were always
one or more agents in the lohbv to urge if. ;
The PRESIDING OFFICE!?. The Chair must j
arrest debate on this bill. The hour has arrived ■
to which the prior orders were postponed. j
Mr. MALLOllY. I hope that, by general con- !
sent, we shall go on until we take the vote on this :
bill. i
Mr. JOHNSON. I will not consent to have '
the question taken until 1 have said what I desire
to say, though everybody here knows that I never 1
obtrude myself upon the Senate. ;
The PIIES1DING OFFICER. The Chair !
hears no objection to continuing theconsideration
of the bill, (S. No. 81.) i
Mr. JOHNSON. I cannot so well state the
facts and arguments in regaid to the case, as I ,
can point out the means by which the facts may \\
be af.certamed, and the arguments presented, be- !'
cause 1 have not heard befoie of the bill being <
pending at this session, at least not until yes-;
terday, when it was incidentally mentioned to jj
me. Three hundred and forty-nine thousand
dollars are proposed to be paid by this bill; and '
one honorable Senator [Mr. Iverson] mentions ;
the fact, or r.t least the impression on his mind, I
that it has been reported upon favorably hitherto ;
—I think he said several times—in both branches ;
of Congress. j
Mr. IVERSON. I do not know that it was re
ported favorably for several times in both Houses
but it was for several sessions in this branch, and
my impression is in the other also. I remember
now, that there was a report made in 1838 w its
favor. I am not aware of there having been an-
other report in the House of Representatives on
one side or the other.
Mr. JOHNSON. In 1838 or 1842,1 am not
certain which, a full report was made. J have
sent for the report, but have not been able to find
it. I remember having seen and read it som&
years ago. It is very full and explicit. It was
immediately after the report of the commissioner
came in that had been authorized to investigate
into the depredations committed by the Creek
Indians in those States now applying for relief
The subject-matter was referred at once to the
House Committee on Indian Affairs; and Mr
Whittlesey, whose ability to look into these mat
ters all will readily acknowledge, and whose in-
tegrity, 1 believe, none will disputo,made a very
extraordinarily full, minute, and close investiga-
tion into it, and a full, minute, and distinct report
against the claim. His report was certainly never
disagreed to by the House of Representatives,
and nothing has been done from that diy to this
favorable to the claims in the other branch of
Congress, that I can find m the records.
That report of Mr. Whittlesey is not now
before the Senate, nor is there a single gentleman
in this body who is prepared to state what it
contains; and surely, having heard the arguments
in favor of the bill, we ought to hear the other
side, to enable us to make up our minds. If there
is any claim for giving precedence to this bill, I
think it should be made a special order for a par-
ticular day, (which, it seems, is the usual way
of disposing of important business in this body,)
by which time we may have an opportunity to
look into the facts. Three hundred and forty-nine
thousand dollars is a heavy sum to be appropri-
ated; but the bill comes up to-day for the first
time at this session, and is proposed to be passed
on private bill day, on casual explanations, when
the questions put by those who are not well
posted on this subject cannot be readily an-
. swerod by those on the opposite side, and when
i the rest of the Senate is entirely in darkness ft
I regard to the subject; and none here, I believe,
I undexstand the bill, unless those who advocate it,
< and whose States are interested in it.
j In looking into the Congressional Globe, I find
' that a few years ago $333,000 was asked by the
. Senator from Alabama for these claims; now the
i amount is #349,000—^16,000 more.
1 Mr. FITZPATRICK. Allow me to explain
to the gentleman. The claim paid to the State of
Georgia, 1 suppose, accounts for the reduction.
1 had forgotten that; it has been paid since the
report of the commissioners.
Mr. JOHNSON. That makes it still worse.
Mr. FITZPATRICK. This bill provides for
a reduction of that sum from the $349,000.
Mr. JOHNSON. Since that time a portion
has been paid to the Bank of Georgia.
Mr. FITZPATRICK. Since 1*38.
Mr. JOHNSON". I am speaking of the prop-
osition presented nt the Thirty-Second and
Thirty-Third Congresses, when the Senator from
Alabama offered an amendment to the Indian
appropriation bill for the payment of £333,000.
The Bank of Georgia has been paid itsproporuon,
and instead of the amount being less than $333,000,
it has now got up to $349,000. Nor does the
demand stop at $349,000, for an amendment is
proposed to appoint a commission to make inqui-
ries in regard to similar claims m Florida; and if
lam not very much mistaken, it will be found
that Florida suffered fully as much as Georgia or
Alabama, m proportion to her population, and I
think more so. I shall vote for the proposition
to include Florida, because, if one is provided for,
unquestionably the other ought to be also.
Mr. YULEE. That has been accepted.
Mr. JOHNSON. But if it were not accented,
I should vote to put it on ihe same footing. That
will lead to another batch of claims. A commis-
sion is first authorized to go and investigate and
make a report to Congress, and as soon as it
makes a report the amount becomes a settled
claim, which is demanded to be paid, It has
been urged for twenty years. The report made
by Mr. Whittlesey killed it at first, and has killed
it ever since, when it has been investigated; but
that report is not now in the mind of any man in
