272
appendix to the congressional globe.
[March 27,
34th Cong....1st Sess.
Admission of Kansas—Mr. Harlan.
Senate.
tive precedent, by citing the organic law passed
in 1790, for the territory south of the Ohio river,
to which the clause of this ordinance excluding
slavery was not applied; and also, the organic
law of the Territory of Mississippi, approved m
1798, to which all this ordinance was applied in
tewu, except the clause excluding slavery.
To this I reply, that the act of 1790, although
general, applied practically only to the territory
ceded by North Carolina—now the State of Ten-
nessee. Tennesseei was an inhabited country.
As early as 1785 she had made an effort to secure
a separate State organization. The relation of
master and slave had previously been established
under the laws of North Carolina; who, in her
deed of cession, had stipulated that Congress
should act no law emancipating slaves in the
ceded territory. This in no way conflicts with
the ordinance of 1787, which prohibited the in-
troduction of slavery into new Territories under
the unrestricted control of Congress.
The same was substantially true of the Terri-
tory of Mississippi, organized in 1798. It was
all claimed as a part of Georgia, whose bound-
ary, py virtue of tier charter granted in 1732, ex-
tended to the Mississippi river. In point of fact,
however, the settlements on this river were under
the control of Prance until 1763, when they were
formally ceded to Great Britain, and thus con-
tinued until 1783, when all north of the thirty-
first degree of north latitude became, by treaty,
the property of the United States, over which
Georgia asserted her previous rights. Slavery had
been established; the application of that clause of
the ordinance which says," there shall be neither
slavery nor involuntary servitude in the said Ter-
ritory," would have been to abolish slavery, and
not simply to prevent its establishment.
In the acquisition ofLouisiana in 1803, and of 1
the Floridas, in 1819, the jurisdiction of the Uni-
ted States was extended over vast territories in
which slavery then existed by virtue of French
and Spanish laws. The right of the people to
hold slaves in these provinces, it was supposed, '
had become vested, and was not unsettled by !
the treaties conveying them to our Government. 4
Hence, slavery was silently suffered to exist in j
that part of these Territories in the actual occu-
pancy of slave property. Congress enacted no
law on the subject. Here it was neither ap-
proved nor discarded. But in the enactment of
the Missouri compromise, in the year 1820, Con-
gress provided that neither slavery nor involun-
tary servitude should ever be permitted north of j
thirty-six degrees and thirty minutes. The prin- j
ciples of the ordinance of 1787 were extended
over the Territories now embraced witliin the
limits of Iowa, Minnesota, Kansas, and Nebraska
—then mostly uninhabited. From the history
of these transactions, the conclusion is irresisti-
ble, that Congress intended that all of the im-
mense territories ceded by France and Spain to
this Government, not in the occupancy of slave-
holding communities, should remain forever free;
•and here our territorial policy again rested for
about a quarter of a century.
In the "joint resolution, passed by Congress
in the year 1845, " for annexing Texas to the
United States," it was provided that—
"New States of convenient size, not exceeding four in
number, in addition to said State of Texas, and having suf-
ficient populations, may hereafter, and by the consent of
■aid States, be formed out of the territory thereof, which
shall be entitled to admission under the provisions of the
Federal Constitution. And such States as may be formed
out of that portion of said territory lying south of 36° 30'
north latitude, commonly known as the Missouri compro-
mise line, shall be admitted into the Union with or without
slavery, as the people of each Stale asking admission may
desire. And in such State or States as shall be formed out
of said territory, north of said Missouri compromise line,
slavery, or involuntary servitude, (except for crime.) «h n
be prohibited." "
In the event of the division of this vast domain
of Texas, it was provided that one or more of
these four new States should be absolutely free,
and that all the remaining States thus formed
might be admitted as free States, should the people
desire it. And here again the subject rested until
the year 1850.
But in the adjustment of the difficulties grow-
ing out of the acquisition of large territories from
Mexico, as trophies of war, territorial govern-
ments were established for Utah and New Mexico,
with a conditional provision for each :
" That when admitted as a State, the said territory, or
any portion of the same, shall be received into the Union,
with or without slavery, as their constitution may prescribe
at the time of their admission."
Here, for the first time, the territorial policy of
the Government, settled and uniform for nearly
three quarters of a century, was changed. All
the machinery of the ship of State here began to
revolve in a different direction. The Northwest
Territory, now embraced within the limits of five
large and powerful States, was originally slave
territory, by virtue of the laws of Virginia, (and
other slave States cedingit to the Union,) as much
so as the Territory of Kentucky, once held as a
part of her dominions. But, by the ordinance of
1787, it was all dedicated to freedom.
The territory now embraced within the limits
of Iowa, Minnesota, Nebraska, and Kansas, was
doubtless slave territory, by virtue of French and
Spanish laws. But by the enactment of the Mis-
souri compromise it was dedicated to freedom.^
All the vast domain of Texas was, without dis-
pute, slave territory, by virtue of her own laws,
enacted and enforced during her nationality. But,
by the legislation of Congress, admitting her into
the Union, a large part of this, too, is prospect-
ively dedicated to freedom. But the Territories
of New Mexico and Utah were, by virtue of
Mexican laws, absolutely free, when, by the
legislation of the Congress of the United States,
they were thrown open to slavery.
But this revulsion in the territorial policy of
the Government in 1850; this conditional conver-
sion of free territory to the uses of slavery, in
violation of the settled policy of the country,
growing.out of what had been supposed to be " the
compromises of the Constitution," and in viola-
tion of the moral feelings and clear convictions of
right, of an overwhelming majority of the Amer-
ican people, was secured not by denying the power
of Congress to exclude slavery, but in the name
of concession and compromise, and as a condition
for the admission of California without slavery,
although jrreviously free by force of Mexican laws,
and by virtue of her own constitution at the time
of her application—in connection with the enact-
ment of laws for the modification of the boundary
of the State of Texas, the abolition of the slave
trade in the District of Columbia, and the return
of fugitives from labor.
The passage of these organic laws for Utah
and New Mexico completed the settlement of the
question of slavery in all the Territories of the
United States. Slavery was not prohibited in Utah
and New Mexico by the laws of Congress; but
in all that vast region, including Minnesota, Kan-
sas, Nebraska, Oregon, and Washington, slavery
was still prohibited. This adjustment, obtained
through the influence of such men as Clay and
Webster—now passed to their final reward—and
men that I see around me, with the legislative ex-
perience of half a century crowning their brows,
was said to be final. Reposing confidence in the
wisdom and patriotism of statesmen who had
stood firmly by their country's flag .and the Con-
stitution during the darkest hours of our national
history—who had been defenders of their homes
and their rights while the majority of them were
still in their mother's arms, the people peaceably,
though, in many instances, restlessly and reluct-
antly, acquiesced in this supposed "finality."
The admission of slavery into Utah and New
Mexico was not claimed as a constitutional right;
it was asked as an element of compromise. No
one is sufficiently reckless to pretend that the
compromise measure of 1850 could have received
the approval of Congress—much less of the peo-
ple, with the understanding that this enactment
opened all the territories of the Union to the oc-
cupancy of slave-holding communities.
In support of the proposition stated, I desire,
in the second place, to cite the legislation of Con-
gress in the organization of territorial govern-
ments and in the admission of States formed out
of territory previously free.
From these citations (I remark in passing) it
will be seen that the President is in error when
he says in his annual message, in relation to the
prohibition of slavery in the North west Territory
by the ordinance of 1787, that
" Subsequent to the Constitution this provision ceased
to remain as a law, for its operation was absolutely super-
seded by the Constitution."
In the year 1789 the very first Congress con-
vened under the provisions of the Constitution
passed a law transferring certain duties imposed
by this ordinance on Congress to the President of
the United States, (as is expressly stated in the
preamble to this law:)
" In order that the ordinance of the United States in
Congress assembled, for the government of the Territory
northwest of the river Ohio inay continue to have full
effect."—Statutes at Large, vol. 1, p. 50.
In the year 1800 Congress declared, in the
organic law of the Territory of Indiana,
" That there shall be established within said Territory a
government in all respects similar to that provided by the
ordinance of Congress passed on the 13th day of July, 1787,
for the government of the Territory of the United StateB
northwest of the river Ohio; and the inhabitants shall be
entitled to, and enjoy all and singular the rights, privileges,
: and advantages granted and secured to the people by the
said ordinance."—Statutes at Large, vol. 2, p. 59.
; In 1802 (April 30) Congress passed a law to
enable the people of Ohio to form a State con-
! stitution, in which it is provided that said con-
" tution shall not " be repugnant to the ordinance
of the 13th July, 1787, between the original States
and the people and States of the Territory north-
west of the river Ohio." (Statutes at Large, vol.
2, p. 174.)
In 1809 (February 3) Congress incorporated the
same provision in the organic law of Illinois that
was made a part of the organic law of Indiana.
(Statutes at Large, vol. 2, p. 515.)
In 1805 the same provision was made in the
! organic law of Michigan. (Statutes at Large,
1 vol. 2, p. 309.)
In the year 1816 (April 19) Congress passed a
j law authorizing the people of Indiana to form a
{. State constitution, in which it is provided
;| " That the same, whenever formed, shall be republican,
j j and not repugnant to those articles of the ordinance of the
i 13th of July, 1787, which are declared to be irrevocable
< between the original States and the people and States of
the Territories northwest of the Ohio river."—Statutes at
■ Large, vol. 3, p. 290.
| In 1816 (December 11) Congress passed a
i! resolution declaring, among other things, that
"whereas the constitution formed by the people
of the Territory oftndiana is republican, and in
conformity witn the provisions of the ordinance"
above recited, "the said State is admitted into the
Union." (Statutes at Large, vol. 3, p. 399.)
In 1818 Congress authorized the people of Illi-
nois to form a State constitution, conditioned that
it should conform to the provisions of the ordi-
nance of 1787. (Statutes at Large, vol. 3, p. 430.)
On December 3, 1818, Illinois was, by resolu-
tion, admitted into the Union as a sovereign State,
on the ground that her constitution thus formed,
did conform to the provisions of the ordinance of
1787. (Statutes at Large, vol. 3, p. 536.)
In the year 1820, as we have before stated, Con-.
' gress declared, in the law providing for the admis-
> mission of Missouri into the Union—
"That in all that Territory ceded by France to the
United States, tinder the name of Louisiana, which lies
north of thirty-six degrees and thirty minutes, not included
within the limits of the 8tate contemplated by this act,
slavery and involuntary servitude otherwise than in the
punishment of crimes, whereof the parties shall have been
duly convicted, shall be, and is hereby, forever prohibited."
—Statutes at Large, vol. 3, p. 548.
In 1836, in the passage of the organic law of
the Territory of Wisconsin, which embraced
what is now the States of Wisconsin and Iowa,
and the Territory of Minnesota, Congress again
extended and applied the provisions of the ordi-
nance of 1787 to an immense country beyond
the limits of the Northwest Territory. (Statutes
at Large, vol. 5, p. 15.)
In 1838 Congress again indorsed this ordinance
of 1787, in the passage of the organic law of
Iowa, by extending to the people of this Terri-
tory " all the privileges, rights, and immunities
hitherto enjoyed by the people of Wisconsin."
(Statutes at Large, vol. 5, p. 239.)
In 1845 Congress declared, (as we have before
stated,) in the act providing for the admission of
Texas as a member of .the Union, that slavery
should be prohibited in any State or States there-
after to be formed out of territory north of the
Missouri compromise line established in 1820.
(Statutes at Large, vol. 5, p. 798.)
In 1848 (March 3) Congress extended the pro-
visions of the ordinance of 1787 to all the terri-
