18560
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
273
34th Cong 1st Sess.
Admission of Kansas—Mr. Harlan.
Senate.
tory of the United States west of the Rocky
Mountains, north of the forty-second degree of
north latitude, known as the Territory of Oregon,
in the following words:
dents are not confined to subdivisions of the North-
west Territory. They have constantly followed
the progress of population in the free territory.
It was first applied to Ohio; when the tide of
« jittd be it further enacted, That the inhabitants of said j! population rolled across the Miami, it was applied :
.  -...j   j to Indiana; when it crossed the Wabash, it was
applied to Illinois; when it surged up to the north-
ern lakes, it was applied to Michigan; when it
hugged the western shore of the lakes up to the
British possessions, and dashed across the great
father of waters, it was applied to Wisconsin,
including Iowa and Minnesota, both of which
were beyond the boundaries of the Northwest
Territory; and when it overleaped the Rocky
Mountains, this great vertebral column of the
world, it was applied to Oregon and Washington,
bounded by the Pacific ocean. These consecutive
legislative precedents, commencing in 1787 an<f
continuing to 1854, stand unimpeached and un-
impeachable by any conclusive reasoning.
1 observe, in the third place, there is no adverse
decision of the Supreme Court.
In 1854, Congress repealed the Missouri com-
promise, on the ground of its unconstitutionality.
The power of Congress to exclude slavery from
the Territories was then for the first time denied.
The President has also declared these laws to
be unconstitutional. He says, on the subject of
the organization of the Territories of Utah and
New Mexico:
Territory shall be entitled to enjoy all and singular the rights,
privileges, and advantages granted and secured to the people
of the territory of the United States northwest of the river
Ohio, by the articles of compact contained in the ordinance
for the government of said Territory, on the 13th of July,
1787; and shall be subject to all the conditions, and restric-
tions, and prohibitions in said articles of compact imposed
npon the people of said Territory."—Statutes at Large, vol.
9, p. 329.
This embraced both Oregon ahd Washington
Territories. In 1849 the same provision enacted
in regard to Iowa was incorporated into the
organic law of Minnesota. (Statutes at Large,
vol. 9, p. 407.)
But all this mass of consecutive legislation,
except the act of 1820, is ignored by the President.
He tells us that this provision of the ordinance of
1787 ceased to remain as a law, being absolutely
superseded by the Constitution. It is unfortunate
for tie correctness of this statement that the Stat-
utes at Large of the United States have been pub-
lished from session to session by authority of
Congress, and scattered broadcast over these
States; it is unfortunate for its credence that so
many millions of the freemen of this Republic can
read plain English!
But the honorable Senator from Georgia takes
precisely the opposite tack. He denies the posi-
tion of the President, and says that this ordi-
nance
" Purported on its face to be a perpetual compact between !.
the State of Virginia, the people of the Territories, and the
then Government of the United States. It was unalterable
except by all the parties. The division of that Territory j
was provided for in the ordinance; at each division the ; 1
whole of the ordinance was applied to each of its parts, j
Congress did not assert or exercise the right to alter a com- i
pact entered into with the former Government, (the old j
confederation,) but gave its assent to the Government ,
alreadv established, and provided for in the compact. If !
the original compact was void for want of power in the old !
Government to make it, as Mr. Madison supposed, Con- ,
gress may not have been bound to accept it, it certainly had i
no power to alter It." ■
The honorable Senator froon Georgia arrives
at an erroneous conclusion only because his
premises are untrue. This ordinance does not
purport on its face to be a compact between Vir-
ginia and the people of the Territories, and the
United States; but a " compact between the ori-
ginal States and the people and States in the said
Territory." Virginia was no party to the bargain
" on its face;" nor were the people and States in
said Territories contracting parties. There were
" In the councils of Congress there were manifested ex-
treme differences of opinion and action between some rep-
resentatives who desired the unconstitutional employment
of the legislative powers of the Government, to interfere in
the condition of the inchoate States, and to impose their
own social theories upon the latter, and other represent-
atives who repelled the interposition of the General Gov-
ernment in this respect, and maintained the self-controlling
rights of the States.
" Once more the Constitution of the Union triumphed
signally; the new Territories were organized without re-
strictions upon the disputed point, and were thus left to
judge in that particular for themselves."
Those who desired Congress to exclude slaverjT
from the Territories were said " to desire the
exercise of unconstitutional power;" and when
Congress enacts laws throwing open territory,
before free, to the occupancy of slavery, he tells
us " that the Constitution of the Union triumphed
signally."
But, Mr. President, I desire here to inquire
whence the President of the United States derived
the power to adjudicate the constitutionality of
laws which had previously passed through all
the usual forms of legislation? I had supposed
that such adjudications more fitly belonged to
another department of the Government. The
no States in the said Territory; the people had no framers of the Constitution originally conferred
organization; they had no power to bargain until this power on the Supreme Court.
n. it  1 *      J . _« J * I, _   J« 1^ TT«Ja« +1ii-k nfitiiiinn
Under the Constitution, Congress may enact
laws, the courts may adjudicate them, and the
President may execute them. These three de-
partments of the Government should remain dis-
tinct, because their union forms a despotism.
But if neither the President nor Congress may
expound the laws without a usurpation of powers
never conferred by the Constitution, I inquire for
the opinions of the judiciary, on which the dec-
larations of the President and of Congress are
based. For if these laws were in fact unconsti-
, tutional, it would be strange if none of the courts
I of the country, State or National, in all the com-
! plicated adjudication that has arisen since 1789,
have had occasion to pronounce them void. The
President pronounces these laws unconstitutional.
Senatorssay they were unconstitutional. Congress
repealed the Missouri compromise because it was
unconstitutional; and all who opposed this repeal
_   ^   . _ __r  are denounced as enemies to the Constitution.
promise of 1787. They were both declaratory acts j And yet the courts, the only constitutional tribunals
of Congress—nothing more. The veracity and : on earth that have the right to adjudicate such
honor of the nation were at stake. She had ;| questions, have never, I believe, even intimated
solemnly declared that slavery should not be j i such an opinion! j
permitted in the Northwest territory; and that in j! If I am in error in this, let old and experienced
T miiat'ono vinWh nf 50' alnronr
after the ordinance was passed; and the ordi-
nance bears the signature of no representative of
Virginia, nor of the Territory—and of no one
but " William Grayson, chairman" of Congress,
and "Charles Thomson, Secretary." In other
words, it was a law of the United States, passed
in the usual form, containing a solemn declaration
of the future policy of the Government on the
subject of slavery in her Territories. It was no
more irrepealable than the Missouri compromise.
Like the latter it had all the moral elements of a
perpetual covenant; but, legally, " it was a mere
law of Congress;" and that, too, of a Congress
under the Confederation, with fewer elements of
sovereignty—with less power to bind the indi-
vidual States than is now possessed by Congress
under the Constitution. Hence^if Congress had
the power to repeal the Missouri compromise,
which literally means-an agreement, a bargain,
a " compact, it had the.power to repeal the com-
the Louisiana Territory north of 36° 30' slavery
should be forever prohibited. This was the voice
of the supreme power of the United States,
spoken in the presence of the enlightened nations
of the earth. But it was " a nude compact"—it
bound no one but herself. If she chose to vio-
late her plighted faith with her own citizens, and
to stand a giant liar among the nations, she
doubtless had the power.
But be this as it may, these legislative prece-
New Series—No. 18
Senators here, whose knowledge must be perfect
on this subject, correct me. Does no one answer?
i hear no reply. Then, I infer there are no such
decisions, well authenticated, of any court of the
country, State or National. Then, sir, what be-
comes of these charges oC " treason against the
Constitution and the Union," so liberally fulmi-
nated against the opponents of slavery in Kansas?
Before I am condemned as an enemy of my coun-
try, as a political traitor to her fundamental law,
I desire to know that some court of competent
jurisdiction has decided that my opinions are in
conflict with the Constitution.
I will not detain the Senate with the presenta-
tion of judicial opinions sustaining the constitu-
, tionality of the uniform legislation of Congress,
which I have cited. The honorable Senator from
; Illinois (Mr. Trumbull] discussed this point to
some extent a few days since. It is not necessary
for my argument; for the entire absence of any
judicial opinion, State <w National, in conflict with
the constitutionality of these lawrf, in all the adju-
dication that has arisen during nearly seventy
years, amounts to n negative pregnant, as potent
in its convincing efficacy as the most elaborate
adjudication.
< In the next place, I argue the existence of power
' in the Congress of the United States to legislate
on the subject of slavery in the Territories, from
the relation which they sustain to the Govern-
ment.
In each of the States of the Union the power
1 of the General Government is restricted. Here
the sovereignty is divided between the State and
the United States. The powers of the United
States are all derived from the State; but the
powers of Congress in the Territories are not thus
derived from a local government—the order is
reversed, and the territorial government derives
all its powers from the Government of the United
States.
The Government of the United States acquired
all her rights in the Northwest Territory, not by
grant of all the old thirteen States through the
Constitution, but by deed from Virginia; in the
Territory of Tennessee, from North Carolina;
in the Southwest Territory, including Missis-
sippi and Alabama, from Georgia and Great
Britain; in the Floridas, from Spain; in the Lou-
isiana Territory, from France. The United States
was the successor of each of these. Whatever
the original sovereign of each of these might
have done within its limits, while a part of his
dominions, might be done by his successor.
Prior to the year 1803, I suppose, full, com-
plete, and exclusive^overeignty in the Louisiana
Territory (including Kansas and Nebraska) was
vested in France. The Government of the United
States, by a direct purchase, succeeded to all the
rights and sovereignty originally possessed by
: the grantor; and hence became the actual, full,
I complete, and exclusive sovereign of the Terri-
! tory. I suppose no one of the ola thirteen States
ever had any right, title, claim, or interest, in or
to any part of the Louisiana Territory. No one
of them had ever exercised any jurisdiction over
it. It was a part of the dominions of France;
i she was its absolute sovereign. Hence the Gov-
ernment of the United States must have suc-
II ceeded to the same unrestricted rights, and may
I hold, exercise, and enjoy them, until she chooses
! to confer them on another sovereignty. If France,
II previous to the cession, could have excluded
i slavery from Kansas and Nebraska, this Gov-
ernment may do so now. >
I will not here stop to argue the question of the
constitutional right of the United States to ac-
quire foreign territory. Mr. Jefferson and others
have doubted the existence of this power under
the Constitution. But with the power to acquire
must follow the right to govern.
I argue the power of Congress to exclude
j slavery from the common Territories, from the
i undisputed right to pass the Kansas-Nebraska
i i,act, conferring on the people " the right to regu-
late their own domestic institutions in their own
way."
If Congress had no power under the Constitu-
i tion to regulate the domestic institutions of Kan-
sas—to regulate the rights of person and of
! property—it could not confer this right on the
people of the Territory. The grantor cannot
convey rights and prerogatives which he never
possessed. The grantee can never take more than
the grantor himself held. It is absurd to suppose
Congress capable of transferring to the people of
Kansas rights, and privileges, and prerogatives
which Congress never possessed. The grant
is worthless if the original holder had no title.
Hence the advocates of "squatter sovereignty"
are driven to admit that all the rights, and privi-
ii leges, tuid power of the Territorial Legislature of
