1884
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
August 1,
which called for their judgment. It was not my
intention to express any opinion in this report,
as to whether the claimant, under the present
terms of the law, would be entitled to his money,
or whether, as an act of executive administration,
it was a subject to be determined upon by the
Executive Departments hereafter The latter was
my own opinion. The question, whether the
condition requiring the assent of the Menomonee
Indians to the making of this payment, and the
appropriation of their annuties to the satisfaction
of a private claim, had been complied with by
the claimant, was a question which I did not think
it became the Senate to entertain, but which my
intention was to leave to the Executive Depart*
ments to determine hereafter, as they had under-
taken to determine it heretofore.
Now, Mr. President, because I see that the in-
tention of the committee, as I understood it, is
not represented here, and not understood by the
Senate, and because I am not prepared to vote for
the proposition of the Senator from Ohio to repeal
this law in toto, I have prepared a proposition
which I shall ask leave at a proper time, after a
vote has been taken on the proposition of the Sena-
tor from Ohio, to have substituted in lieu of the
whole report; and that is, that the report be re-
committed to the Committee on Indian Affairs,
with instruction to report a fair and just compen-
sation to Thompson for his services, and restore
that proviso which it was evidently the intention
of Congress to have inserted in the law passed
at the last session.
Mr. PUGK. 1 am willing to withdraw my
instruction for the purpose of receiving that of
the Senator from Arkansas. If was only in con-
sequence of what the Senator from Indiana said
that I offered mine.
_ Mr. SEBASTIAN. Then I offer the proposi-
tion which I have indicated:
• Ordered, Th.it the report and accompanying documents
be recommitted to the Committee on Indian Allans, with
instructions to report an amendment to the genetal appro-
priation bill, ti.Mtig a reasonable compensation for the ser-
vices ot haul Thompson, with a pu>vi?,oauihon/ang thcMune
to be paid only upon the assent of the Menomonee Indians.
Mr. BRIGHT. The effect of that proposition
will be to require Mr. Thompson to do that
which he has already done at a great deal of trou-
ble and expense; and perhaps, tlirough the active
interference of the Commissioner of Indian Affairs,
he will be prevented entirely from doing it. Mr.
Thompson has already obtained the assent of the
Indians to the payment of whatever amount of
money Congress might award to him. Why put
him to the trouble and expense of ngain making
the effort, when it is a matter of public notoriety
that this tribe of Indians, more or less under the
influence of the Commissioner of Indian Aifairs,
might refuse to do that which they have hereto-
fore solemnly agreed to do?
They made a contract, employing Mr. Thomp-
son to perform for them certain professional ser-
vices, agreeing to pay him the one third of what-
ever he might recover. They came to him, as
the papers disclose; lie did not go to them. They
have had the benefit of his sen ices. The effect
has been to award to them over $c240,000. Under
his written contract with them, which is incor-
porated the document before me, he was enti-
tled to over 000—clearly entitled to every dol-
lar of the one third of whatever they recovered;
but rather than be pursued and r< sisted at, every
point, as he had been, he eonsent'-d, at the Inst
session of Congress, to take half of that sum.
I say he has the wiittcn assent of the chiefs and
head men of that tribe, and 1 have if before me,
agreeing to give him the amount stipulated in the
contract. Why should the Senate adopt a pro-
vision to send him again to the forest to collect
these Indians, when, perhaps, the influence of
the Indian department will be thrown against
him, to prevent his obtaining that to which he is
justly entitled ? I hope the Senate will agree to
no such proposition.
Mr.PUGH. i ask the Senator from Indiana,
when this consent of the Menomonee Indians
was ever given'5
Mr. BROWN. In a memorial which they
sent here, and in which they asked that he should
be paid.
Mr. niUGHT. In general council at the falls
of Wolf river, October 4, 1854. I send it to the
Secretary, and ask that it be read.
Mr. PUGH. Is it their memorial, or a con-
tract ?
Mr. BRIGHT. Let the Secretary read it.
The Secretary read as follows:
Whereas, on the 9th September, 1850, at the city of
Washington, before the Commissioner of Indian Allairs,
a deputation of the chiefs and head men of the Menomonee
nation of Indians employed Richard W. Thompson, of the
State of Indiana, to act as the attorney of said nation in
endeavoring to prevent rheir removal west of the Missis-
sippi river, and in the prosecution of a claim against the
Government of the United States for additional compensa-
tion tor the lands sold by said nation to the United States
by the treaty of October 18, 1848; and whereas, our s>aid
nation, in general council assembled, did, on the 10th of
February, 1851, ratify and approve the appointment of
said Thompson, as aforesaid; and whereas, on the 15th
of February, 1851, we, the chiefs, warriors, and head men
of our nation, in general council assembled, of our own free
will and aeeoid, and with the consent of the said nation,
made our certain agreement, by which we promised that
the said Thompson should have and^receive thirty-three and
one third per cent., or one thud part of whatsoever sum
should be allowed our nation by the United States, in addi-
tion to what was allowed oui said nation by the said treaty
of October 18, 1848, for the faithful fulfillment of which
agreement we, the said chiefs, did then pledge the honor
and faith of our said nation, by the authority of the
whole nation ; and whereas our said attorney ha< attended
faithfully to the business aforesaid, since the said 9th Sep-
tember, 1850, and has secured to us a home upon Wolfe
river, in Wisconsin, where we now live, and has obtained
the consent of the Legislature of saiti State that we may
remain here, which was the most important obiect to be
gained by our nation, as by the said treaty of 1848 we were
to have been sent to Crow Wing river, west of the Missis-
sippi, where we would have been destroyed by the Chippe-
was, Wmnebagoes, and Sioux—all of which services have
been rendered by said attorney without the payment, to hint
of a single dollar by our said nation : and whereas, we have
lately made a treaty with the United States, by the provis-
ions of which, and the amendment thereto made by the
Senate of the United States, our nation is allowed, in addi-
tion to what they were allowed by the said tieaty ot 1848,
the sum ot two hundred and lorty-tvvo thousand dollars, or (
thereabouts, to be made in the manner therein ^pecitied: \
Now, theretoie, we, the undersigned, the chiefs and head
men oi the jVIenoinoneenation ol Indians, m geneial coun-
cil ,trembled, do heieby again ratify and contain and rec-
ognize our --aid agreement with our said attorney, and do
hereby reijue^t our cieat hither, the Piesuient of the United
Stales, and the Congress of the United States, that iie and
they will pav, or enu^c to be paid, to oui said attorney,
Richard W. Thompson, the one thud pan of what is al-
lowed oui nation by the aforesaid la^t-named treaty, to he
paid in money at The city of Washington, and do heieby
stipulate lor out selves and our said nation, that whatsoever
sum shall be thus paid oui said attorney shall be charged
against the amount due us under said last-named tieaty,
and deducted from the amount heieatter to be paid us hy
virtue thereof, in whatsoever manner the same is to be paid
by said treaty, and that the United States shall l>e discharged
tlu-retiom torever hereafter; and we tuulier request that
the same may be paid to our saul attorney before any other
claim against us is paid, out of the proceeds of the last-
named tieaty; and we further stipulate and agree that, if it
shall be neee^sniy to depait ("10111 any of the stipulations or
said treaty in order to pay said money to our said attorney,
the same mav be done, and if done, the same is hereby rat-
ilied and declared to be binding upon our said nation.
Done, 111 ijeneial conned, at the lulls of Wolf river, this
'1th day ol Octobei, A. 1). I8.VI.
Mr. BIMGIIT. It is unnecessary to road the
names of the chiefs and head men, whose signa-
tures are attached; but I should like to have the
accompanying certificates read, to show whether
the paper was understood by the Indians at the
time when they signed it.
The Secretaiy lead the following:
We, the nndeisigned, certify that we understand and
speak the Menomonee language, and that the atoies-aul in-
strument was fully interacted to the chiefs arid head men
ot the Menomonee nation, in geneial council, on the 4th ot
October, at the falls of Wolfe river, and that they
signed the same of their own free will and accord, fully
understanding the contents thereof.
WILLIAM POWELL. Interpreter.
WILLIAM JOHYSTON, Interpreter.
JOHN' G KlTTSOiVY,
TALBOT rUfCKET,
GL< >[\GL ('<>W\,
ALLK. GKIGXOtt,
JU11.V L. WILLIAMS.
We, the utidprsisncd, certify that we were present and
beau! the atore«aid instrument explained by William Powell 1
and William Johnston, mteipretei-,, to the aforesaid chiefs !
and head men, and that the same was signed by them, after J
said explanation, of their own fiee wilfand accord.
G. J\ WRIGHT.
DAiVlFJj M. WfQTNEV.
G. 1). GUSNAER.
G W MURRAY.
W. it. McKEON".
Mr. TOOMBS. As the chairman of the Com- I
mufee on Indian Affairs, of which I am a member, [
proposes to recommit this subject to them, I have j
a word to say in opposition to his motion. I
This question was referred to us at the last !
Congress. The Senate then, upon discussion, I !
think, 011 the report of the Senator from Missis-
sippi* [Mr. Brown,] passedabill for this payment
without any proviso, on the single ground that
Mr. Thompson had rendered valuable services to
those Indians, and ought to have his money. It
went to the House of Representatives, and there
a proviso was put to it, which proviso, in enrolling
the bill, was lost, but he went on and accepted the
proviso and complied with it. The proviso was,
" Provided, The same be paid with the consent of
the Menomonees." I was in favor of paying him
whether the consent of the Indians was had or
not. The Senate so voted on the argument, and
voted right, as I will show in the sequel of the
case. Then Mr. Manypenny gets up a fight with
Mr. Thompson, and that creates the whole#
trouble. He sent a report here through the Sen-
ator from Wisconsin, [Mr. Dodge,] I think.
The Commissioner of Indian Affairs gets up a
muss about it. It goes to the committee, and
there we had the documents, and called the par-
ties, and had a full examination of the whole case;
and, as far as I am concerned, the chairman may
refer it as often as he pleases—but I have inves-
tigated it for the last time. There is no new light
on it. We went through the whole of the docu-
ments. I read the papers from the beginning to
the end, and suffered the inconvenience of hearing
long speeches, as I deemed it my duty to listen.
I read the Commissioner's one hundred and fifty
pages, and looked into all the private quarrels of
Mr. Manypenny and Mr. Thompson, and nearly
the whole of them are really outside the case.*
When the bill was passed, it was said there
was a proviso that the consent of the Indians
should be had. Mr. Thompson said that was
true. After the bill passed the Senate, and went
to the House, through this same agency the pro-
viso was got in, but in enrolling the bill it was
omitted. When the law was signed by the Pres-
ident the proviso was not there; but Mr. Thomp-
son said, M It was intended to be there,and I look
upon it as in the law, and T wish it treated as
part of the law." Acting" in pursuance of it, he
showed the ratification. Then the Commissioner
sent his agent, and did not refer the matter to the
chiefs, as is the usual course, but took the most
improper means to get the hoys, and chiefs, and
all—a sort of regular, Indian squattersovereignty
—in order to defeat it; and that was done, as is
shown by the papers, by fraudulent pretenses;
for the Indians were told, when they signed a
paper refusing consent, that they might still sign
a lecommendation to the great father to pay the
money. When it was signed, the council was
broken up by the agents of Manypenny. These
are the facts, as I find them in the document on this
subject, which T presume many Senators have not
looked into on account of its size. That rejection
was the basis for the statement of the Senator
from Michigan [Mr. Stuart] yesterday. I ad-
mit they did sign a statement rejecting the claim
under declarations made to them, that if they
agreed to it they would be bound for all the
money; but that they might reject it, and then
agree to pay the portion contained in the bill.
Now what was the contract ? There never was
a fairer contract made with an Indian or any-
body else on the face of the earth. Mr. Thomp-
son, 011 the application of the Indians to look
into this claim and secure it by treaty or act of
Congress, went to the Department, and made a
contract, which was approved by the Secretary
of the Interior, and executed, m his ofBce, 111 the
presence of the then Commissioner of Indian
Affairs. The Indians were to allow him one
third of the amount recoveicd, which I believe
is not an unusual allowance for white men,
who are considered better able to take care of
their affairs than Indians, to their agents. When
they got the $240,000, (which I opposed, and
do not believe to-day one dollar of it was due,)
he was not only entitled to fees, but entitled to
salvage, for he got them $240,000, of which
they had not a right to one cent. I resisted
it in committee and in the Senate, but was over-
borne in both places. As the elfoits of their agent
got them $240,000, of which I think they were
not entitled to one sous, he had a right to £80,000.
It was said that he was fortunate, for the sum
was very large. "Well," says he, st T will
refer it to the President and to the Indian Com-
mittee what I shall have. I will put it on a quan-
tum meruit,"although I have a contract, executed
by the consent of the Indian Department, and in
their presence, with the chiefs and head men of
