274
appendix to the congressional globe.
[March 21,
34th Cong....1st Sess.
Admission of Kansas—Mr. Harlan.
Senate.
Kansas, were previously vested in the Govern-
ment of the United States. But if this Govern
ment originally possessed the right to legislate for
this Territory and has since intrusted its exercise
to a local Legislature, she is still responsible. The
principal is responsible for the acts of the agent
within the limits of his instructions. What a
man does by an agent, he does by himself. Hence,
what this Government does by another, she does
by herself. What she does by the "spurious"
Legislature of Kansas, is her own act. The real
sovereign can never avoid the responsibility of
governing by interposing a subordinate. Hence
these Kansas laws, enacted by her "Rump"
Legislature, establishing slavery, appointing offi-
cers for a period of from two to five years, abridg-
ing "freedom of speech and of the press," and
making it a penal offense to deny the validity of
such laws, ore the laws of Congress. By recog-
nizing them and suffering the President to enforce
them, you make them your own.
This conclusion can only be avoided by sup-
posing Congress to have transferred this sover-
eignty to the people of the Territory without
reservation—without the right of review and repeal.
But if this right to make all local laws regulating
the relations of husband and wife, parent and
child, guardian and ward, master and slave, as
well as the rights of person and property, was
transferred absolutely, and irrevocably vested in
the people of the Territories of Kansas and Ne-
braska .by the law of 1854, Congress in that act
created two Stales. Something less than a sov-
ereign might interpret and apply a law, something
less than asovereign might enforce its provisions;
but nothing less than " the supreme power in a
State" can make a law. If, then, the people of
Kansas have power, under the Constitution of
the United States, to legislate on all fit subjects
of legislation, as perfectly as Virginia, or Iowa,
or New York, independent of Congress, she is
now a State !—and she became a State the mo-
ment this supreme power to make all needful
laws was conferred.
It may be said, however, that these organic
laws do not confer power on the Territorial Legis-
latures; that they are merely declaratory of "great
principles of government;" that the right to
govern is inherent in the people; that it is not
the subject of transfer; that it is an inalienable
right; that it follows American citizens wherever
they may go within the jurisdiction of the United
States; that the right of self-government, held as
citizens of a State, is carried by the people to the
Territories; that it is never lost; that to take it
away is an act of despotism.
But this does not change the conclusion. It mat-
ters not w/lence the power is derived—whether from
Congress or from nature; whether from the Gov-
ernment of the United States or from Jehovah!
Does the power to make all needful laws exist in
the Territory? Is it absolutely vested in the peo-
ple of Kansas ? You say in the Kansas-Nebraska
act that it is thus vested; and being so vested, that
Congress is released from all responsibility grow-
ing out of the character of these laws. But if the
people of Kansas have the absolute right to make
all needful laws for their own government, they
may create offices and fill them; they may establish
courts, appoint judges and executive officers.
The power to make laws without the power to
interpret and apply them is worthless. The
power to make and adjudicate laws without the
power to execute is perfectly nugatory. It is a
Pretense—11 shadow—a name—a mockery/
_ The appointment of a temporary Governor, and !
judges, and marshals, to put the machinery of;
State in motion, may have been well; but when !
these utterly fail to effect the object of their ap- '
pointment, and bring about anarchy and civil
war, the people, if sovereign—clothed with the su-
preme power of a State—the power to make all need-
ful laws, would be unworthy the honor of the
American name should they neglect to provide
for themselves. And it is marvelous that the
authors of the Kansas-Nebraska act—the authors
of the doctrine of squatter aovereigntyin Kansas 
should complain that her people have organized
a State government. As well might the old
heathen deity, whose prolific brain gave birth to a
Minerva, when confronted by his own offspring,
complain that he had created a god.
But if Kansas is not a State—if she does not
possess the power to make laws, which is defined
to be "the supreme power in a State"—if this
right of self-government was not carried by the
people from the States to this Territory; and if
Congress did not confer on the people of Kansas
the right to enact all needful laws, and to regu-
late their own domestic institutions in their own
way; if the squatters are not sovereign—then this
supreme power must be vested in the Government
of the United States. Her will, legitimately ex-
pressed, is the law. She has the full and com-
plete power, in legislating for her Territories, " to
command what is right, and to prohibit what is
wrong."
The power of Congress to exclude slavery from
jill the Territories of the United States, not em-
braced within the limits of any State, being estab-
i lished or conceded, I inquire, secondly, whether
this power ought to be exercised in the establishment
of territorial governments where slavery did not pre-
viously exist ?
In the discussion of this proposition, I desire
to probe the subject to the core. I prefer to brush
: away the surface rubbish, and to lay the founda-
tions of the superstructure on the solid rock.
1. Is slavery right ? Is it in accordance with
the principles of natural justice ? The time has
been when very few in the country defended the
moral right of one man to hold another in perpetual
bondage. Its continuance hitherto has been
defended by citing the difficulties that surrounded
the question of emancipation. But the passage
of the Kansas-Nebraska law has wrought a sad
change, I fear, in the moral tone and temper of
this discussion. Members of Congress now tell
.you that the enslavement of the African race by
the Ano;lo-Saxon is no evil; that it is a blessing;
that it is the natural condition of the two races;
that an enlightened philanthropy requires the
enslavement of the African; that he belongs to an
inferior race; that he cannot endure the shock of
contact with his superiors; that annihilation or !
servitude is the only alternative.
As the African is presented to my mind by the
traveler and the historian and by my personal
observation, I am compelled to admit the inferi-
ority; but, if the right of the Anglo-Saxon to
enslave him depends on his manifest inferiority,
it becomes the duty of every Senator to examine
closely the nature of that inferiority. Is it the
result of the enslavement of his ancestry for more
than a thousand years; or is it a natural specific
difference developed in an analysis of the elementary
laws of matter and of mind ?
In laying the foundations of new States, this
! problem is worthy of the careful attention of the
proudest and wisest statesman on the floor of the
American Senate; for in its solution he legislates,
by its influence, for the whole human race—not
and compressed; and the perspiratory exhalations
of the one are said to be more odorous than of
the other. But these are all said to be but super-
ficial modifications of the same specific faculties
and functions. No specific organ has been omit-
ted or added.
We are told by writers on mental science that
the natural sensibilities are aroused in both by
the use of the same organs; that the African and
Anglo-Saxon alike experience pleasure in the
mastication of food, in the inhalation of fragrant
odors, in the exercise of the sense of touch, in
gazing at the beauties of creation, and in listening
to the melody and harmony of sounds; that the
same sounds, and colors, and motions, and
heights, and depths, and expanses, and manifest-
ations of power, that elevate the feelings of one
to a key of grandeur or sublimity, overwhelm
the other with kindred emotions. They tell us
that in each they find the same specific desires,
instincts, appetites, and passions; that each may
love, and hope, and fear, and hate—may be en-
vious, jealous, and revengeful; that in each they
discover the faculty of perception, of conception,
of memory, of imagination, of belief, and of
will; that each experiences paternal, fraternal,
and filial affection; that each experiences emotions
of humanity, of patriotism, and of piety,
j From this physical and mental analysis, it will
| be perceived that each organ may be weaker in one
j race than in the other; but that in other respects
j they do not materially differ. The anatomy of
! the one is the anatomy of the other; the mental
1 science that describes the laws of mind of the one
delineates the spiritual nature of the other; the
moral philosophy that analyzes the moral emotions
of the one, reveals the moral faculties of the other.
All the laws of health and culture applicable to
the one, are applicable to the other. The same
physician that prescribes for the African slave in
his hovel, on a bed of straw, prescribes with equal
success for his master, in a stately mansion, on ,
a couch of down. The same minister of right-
eousness who soothes the sorrows,and assuages
the griefs, and energizes the hopes of the slave,
when the shadows of death hover around him,
administers, with equal success, the consolations
of the same Gospel to the man of whiter skin.
The manifest inferiority of the African to the
Anglo-Saxon, does not consist in a generic or
specific difference. It is that kind of inferiority
which, doubtless, the enlightened statesman
would expect to find among the descendants of
those who had been doomed to absolute servitude
from time immemorial. His body is less symmet-
rical; his face less beautiful; his appetites, pas-
sions, instincts, and desires, less manageable;
his perceptions less acute; his conceptions less
clear; his memory, consciousness, belief, powers
of reasoning and will, more feeble; his love of
I ft « , _ •••« 1 • WM  * Hi) lllUlg ICCUluj xljij 1(J V C ui
only for the one thousand millions of people that ;; parents, ofoffspring, of man, of country, of truth,
now live, but for these teeming millions as thev '  " ' ■ - ~ - -
shall continue to come and go while time shall
last.
That each may arrive at a correct decision of
the nature of the admitted inferiority of the African
to the Anglo-Saxon, 1 request Senators to allow
me to refer them to their early elementary read-
ing—to a succinct view of this subject, derived
from standard writers on physical, mental, and
moral science—from such works as are used in
colleges, academies, and seminaries of learning,
all over the country—such works as are placed
in the hands of the student of law, of medicine,
and of theology.
Physiologists tell us that there is no specific
difference in- the physical structure of the two
races; that the solid parts of their bodies are con-
stituted of the same number of bones and joints, !
similarly located and distributed; that there is j
not a muscle, or tendon, or ligament, or vein, or i
artery, or secretion, or absorbent, or nerve of I
motion or of volition, found in the organism of
one that does not exist in the other; that each j
possesses the same senses of sight, of touch, of II
tast^, of smelling, and of hearing; that each pos- j
sesses the same specific means of mastication,
digestion, and procreation. There are, however,
physical differences. The skin of one is black—
of the other, white; the hair of one, fine and knot-
ted—of the other, coarse and straight; the lips of
the one, thick and protruding—of the other, thin
of honor, of justice, and of God, less reliable.
But is any one of these absent? If so, what ele-
ment of manhood has been omitted ? None; not
one! " But if he is inferior to the white man in
this sense"—if his body is weak, his mind feeble,
his moral sensibilities obtuse—does that confer
the right on the man of strong body, of vigorous
! intellect, and of acute moral sensibilities, to seize,
overawe, and enslave him? Is it might that deter-
mines the right ? Because you have the power,
may you of right enslave your Mlow-men ? Is
this the voice of northern gallantry and of south-
ern chivalry? .
It might do for Louis Napoleon, as he sits on
a usurped throne, to claim the right, because he
has the power, to control the destinies of other
men. It might do for Alexander, the Czar of
Russia, as he sits enthroned where the old Wizard
of the North spiritedaway the liberties of Europe,
to make might the measure of right. But will it
do for the American Senate to indorse and-de-
fend this doctrine of tyrants, discarded by our
fathers—to place this country, in the eyes of the
civilized nations, on the platform of the despots
of the Old World, which has so long been the ob-
ject of our ridicule and scorn ? If not, you must
return to the doctrine of the fathers of the Re-
public, and defend the weak against the aggres-
sion of the resolute and powerful. It will not do
to deny the privileges of freedom to all who are
your inferiors in physical, mental, and moral
