1010
THE CONGRESSIONAL ©LOBE.
April 23,
to the Globe of that period, he will find that I
not only voted against that joint resolution, but
that I spoke and struggled earnestly against its
passage—not, perhaps, with as much ability as
the gentleman from New York would have ex-
hibited, but with as much earnestness. I have
uniformly struggled against these propositions to
increase salaries, because I regard this as the
greatest evil to which the country is exposed,
with the exception, always, of one other question,
which, however, I do not now propose to discuss.
Why, sir, during the administration of John
Cluincy Adams $14,000,000 was regarded as a
very large sum. The expenses of the Govern-
ment increased to $30,000,000 or $40,000,000
under Van Buren; and he went out of office under
a storm of indignation, in consequence of his prof-
ligacy in the Government expenditures. During
the administration of Mr. Fillmore the expendi-
tures were still further increased. During that
Administration the salaries of those clerks were
increased. Four years ago a still larger increase
was made; and so this increase has been going
on. Both sides of the House are responsible
for it.
But, sir, lest the remarks I have made should,
by implication, place me in the attitude of doing
injustice to the present Administration, I will say
that I presume that the appropriation s contained in
the amendments ofthe Senate to the deficiency bill,
for the Army and the Navy, are all needed. The
money is needed, and must be paid at some time.
We liaveinthelastfourorfive years acquired Cali-
fornia, Utah, and New Mexico. In this large ex-
panse of territory, exposed to the depredations of
Indians, the Government must necessarily main-
tain troops, and they must be maintained at an
cnormousexpense. The consequence is, that while
you used to be able to maintain your Army at a
cost of two or three hundred dollars a year per
man, it now costs eight hundred or a thousand
dollars. But the officers' of the Army and civil-
ians also say, and I believe they are right, that
the Army cannot be maintained in that country
for much less than it now costs.
Now, whether these Indian wars could have
been prevented, or not, I do not now propose to
ask. But 1 say to the Republican gentlemen of
this House, that if they refuse to vote money for
the defense and protection of the helpless people
on the frontier, ill defiance of the recommendation
of the Administration, and the well-known fact
that a large number of troops have to be kept there
at an enormous expense, and at the same time
vote to increase the salaries of their own partic-
ular friends here, they will place themselves in
an unenviable attitude before the country.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. As the gen-
tleman has spoken of the votes of members ofthe
Republican party in this House, I will, with his
permission, correct an error m the statement of
the gentleman from New York, [Mr. Haven.]
I find, on referring to the yeas and nays on con-
curring in this amendment to the deficiency bill,
that thirty-eight votes of the Republican party
were given with that of the gentleman from New
York in favor of the amendment, and only twen-
ty-four voted against it.
Mr. CLINGMAN. I do not propose to trouble
myself with that matter. I was saying (and I
make the proposition directly in order that I may
not seem to do injustice to my political friends)
that I regard this increased expenditure as a
growing evil. It is now getting up to §70,000,000
a year, and a great deal of that is not for the or-
dinary support of the Government; and I believe
that any party that would set itself firmly against
this increase of expenditures would take strong
hold on the heart of the country. At the rate we
are going on, our expenses will in tell years
reach $200,000,000; and it will never stop until
every man in the country gets an office; and then,
if one man received more than another, and un-
less every man received as much as the President
of the United States gets, there would bo dissat-
isfaction and clamor. I should be gratified to see
these expenditures reduced, but I do not believe
you will ever be able to stop the system until you
concludc to adopt direct taxation. I am for free
trade, and then for direct taxation to defray the
expenses of the Government. The Government
will then become economical. Indeed, the fear
is, that you would not then appropriate enough
to pay the expenses of the publie service. But
now, whenever a proposition comes in to increase
somebody's salary, it goes through the fclouse
without difficulty; we can scarcely get enough to
order the yeas and nays upon it.
But, sir, I rose with no disposition to make a
speech upon the subject. I did not know that this
question was coming up; I merely wished to call
the attention of the House to the subject. I agree
with the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Giddings,]
that, when there is a large surplus in the treas-
ury, it would be wise to make appropriations for
permanent works of improvement. I therefore
voted with him for the appropriation forthe Wash-
ington aqueduct, and I regretted that it did not
pass. These Army appropriations are necessary;
and I trust that the House will reconsider its vote,
and adopt these amendments. In 1859, I recol-
lect, the House reduced the appropriations esti-
mated for the Army and Navy $2,500,000; but
the Executive went on and spent the money, apd,
at the next session of Congress, it was voted as
a deficiency. I resisted the appropriation, butit
was carried through; and they will do it again.
Indian hostilities are im progress in Oregon, Cali-
fornia, New Mexico, and Nebraska; the Presi-
dent is authorized by law to control the Army
and Navy; the expenses will be incurred; we
shall have to foot the bill at some time, and I
think we had better do it now. I will not trouble
the House longer.
Mr. GIDDINGS. Mr. Speaker, we are living
in the midst of great events; occurrences interest-
ing to the world are taking place. The European
war has closed, and sundry important conversions
have taken place in this Hall, very recently.
[Laughter.] Sir, I rejoice, I congratulate the
country on this display of patriotism, in favor of
retrenchment. And, sir, I rejoice again to see the
Republican party taken underthe peculiarinstruc-
tion of gentlemen all around us. Why, sir, the
good feeling manifested is cheering to my heart.
[Renewed laughter.] It bespeaks the return, or
rather the in traduction, of that political millennium
of which we have heard a good deal of talk, and
seen but little.
Much has been said about the Whig and Dem-
ocratic parties of the country. I would to God
that I could erase the facts resting upon the records
of those two parties.
I myself have sat in this Hall too long to sit
in my place in silence, and allow to pass without
reply some remarks to which I have listened.
Thirteen years ago, I myself introduced into this
House a resolution to let out the public printing
to the lowest bidder. It was adopted; and that
very night one of the most reputable firms of this
city offered to take the whole of the public print-
ing at $60,000 less than the price which we were
then paying for it, under the law of 1819. The
next morning, with this information published to
the world, the Democratic party here, under a
Democratic Administration, came in and recon-
sidered the vote by which that resolution was
adopted, and laid it upon the table; and then went
on andelecteda printer, and paid him the $60,000,
in the face and eyes of the whole country. I sol-
emnly proclaimed then, that it was my fixed de-
termination to fight this question of public printing
so long as I occupied a seat in this Hall.
Soon 1 saw another party come into power. I
saw the Whig party take the reins of the Gov-
ernment; a party with whom my friend from New
York and I were connected. God forgive us!
[Laughter.] The first thing we did when we got
into power was, by resolution, to cut down the
cost of the public printing^wenty per cent.; but
we did not make the deduction in a deficiency
bill. I rejoiced at the good move toward retrench-
ment and reform, and congratulated myself, the
Whig party, and the country. This went on glo-
riously until about the last week of the session,
when a resolution was adopted which restored
the_ twenty per cent. This is a partof the history
which I wish I could blot out.
A Member. Tell it all.
Mr. GIDDINGS. We did restore it. [Laugh-
ter.] We gave to our printer exactly what the
Democrats had given to theirs. It does megood to
hear these two parties now talking of reforming.
Their conversion is more sudden than that of
Paul, and pecuniarily more beneficial to the coun-
try. [Renewed laughter.]
Mr, Speaker, I am not about to go into a dis-
cussion of the extravagant squandering of the
public funds. I would be entering, if I did, a field
that is unlimited—a pool of corruption beyond
our power to fathom. I never would undertake
such a task upon an amendment to the deficiency
bill. Look at the doings of the last Congress.
Ten million of dollars was voted to Mexico for
a little strip of territory that does not contain
enough arable land to make a garden. Go back
a little further, to a Whig administration. I will
not boast of it. 1 will only remark, that I am
ready to go with men from any and every side of
this House for retrenchment and reform in the
administration of the Government. I wish to do
away with a reckless squandering of the public
money. I care not who it may hit, I shall always
favor such propositions. Look at the lately
established naval retired list, to maintain an army
of naval officers in indolence, vice, and corrup-
tion, while we tax the laborers of our country in
order that these men may feed upon the earnings
of their toil and sweat! Look', too, at the Army-
list ! In all these there is a useless and injurious
expenditure of money. We should prune them
all, and restore an economical administration of
the Government.
I have, sir, only risen for the purpose of say-
ing a word or two. I have no desire to make an
argument. Now, what are the facts of the present
case ? We passed a deficiency bill; the Depart-
ments reported to us that there were deficiencies
in the appropriations for the public service, which
it was necessary that we should supply. There
were deficiencies in the civil, naval, and military
departments of the Government. The bill went
to the Senate. It has returned, with numerous
other deficiencies to be supplied. We were defi-
cient in not giving extra compensation to certain
officers! That was one of the deficiencies. We
were deficient in not cutting off the extravagance
aimed at by the amendment under consideration.
We were deficient in not providing for matters
taken care of by the last two or three Senate
amendments. These were our other deficiencies.
Now, sir, to insert in a deficiency bill matters of
general legislation is a practice which ought to be
scouted and opposed by every man of reflection
It is a practice which every statesman will con-
demn, a*d which we ought not to consent to in
the legislation of this country. But, so far as
gentlemen have provided for retrenchment and
reform in the present case, I shall hold them to
it. If I can catch Whigs and Democrats going
for any measure of legislation that will cut down
the public expenditures, I will hold them to it if
I can.
Mr. CLINGMAN.* I do not want the gentle-
man from Ohio to misunderstand me. He speaks
of the friendship and kind feeling shown to the
Republican party. It is not friendship. I would
not object to the devil for an ally in a good cause.
[Laughter.] It was in that view I noticed the
subject.
Mr. GIDDINGS. Mr. Speaker, old acquaint-
ances should never be .separated. [Renewed
laughter.] I only alh^"^ to the fact that the
gentleman from North Carolina had displayed a
fatherly desire to instruct the Republican party.
We thank him for his kindness—at least I do.
I am thankful for small favors. We take the
gentleman's kindness; we cherish it; we love it.
We ask him to go with us. I hope and trust
that we shall show ourselves vigilant, earnest,
and sincere, in carrying out the proposition of the
gentleman for retrenchment and reform. We
shall, I think, carry it out, whether it comes from
him or others. We cannot but know that it ig
dictated by justice and propriety. Let us do
something to show the country that we are sin-
cere and determined in our professions.
The gentleman has stated that the Republican
party has a majority in this House. I did not
know it before. I presume the gentleman must
be with us. The Republicans are, and ever have
been, in a minority here. My friend need not
have any apprehension of an improper coalition
between him and myself, nor between Democrats
and Republicans, we stand, and I trust the gen-
tleman and the mass of his party will stand, for
truth and justice. I am sure that will be the po-
sition of the Republican party. I hope it may
be so of the Democratic party, as well as of the
other party, if there is another party here.
[Laughter.] 1 have done.
Mr. H. MARSHALL. Mr. Speaker, I do not
