*76
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[March 27.
34th Cong.... 1st Sess.
Admission of Kansas—Mr. Harlan.
Senate.
But the "construction" of their "constitu-
tional" powers " by the South," he tells us, is:
" That the common Territories be left open to the
common enjoyment of all the people of the United
States," "with their property of every sort;"
that this property shall be protected " by the Fed-
eral Government, until its authority is superseded
by a State constitution;" and that then, not before,
" the domestic institutions of the new State may
be determined by the freemen thereof." Yes,
sir, this is "the equality of the States," which
■we are gravely tola by able southern Senators,
" in measured words, that must be preserved
in the national Territories if you would perpetuate
the Union. You must continue slavery in all the
Territories, and protect it by the strong arm of
the Federal Government as long as these terri-
torial governments continue, or the honorable
Senator from South Carolina [Mr. Butler] will
advise the people of that State to dissolve the
Union.
From this we may readily infer why those who
have resolved to make Kansas a slave State will
resist her admission into the Union until her pop- i
ulation shall have reached ninety-three thousand.
Slavery is to be continued by force as long as the
territorial government lasts; but when that is
•uperseded by a State government, her people
are to have the gracious privilege of determining
lor themselves the character of their domestic
institutions! This is a feature of " self-govern-
ment" for Kansas, which the people of the North
and of the West have not hitherto fully under-
stood. They supposed their free sons, though
poor in worldly wealth, might go to Kansas with
nothing but hard hands, with strong arms, with
sane minds, and with honest hearts, and by their
own votes settle the question of slavery at once
and forever. But in this they were grievously
deceived. The equality claimed by southern
States requires that slavery shall continue, and
receive the protection of the strong arm of the
Federal Government in all the common Territo-
ries, until superseded by State governments; that
then they may abolish it or continue it at discre-
tion. This is the equality tendered to the North;
this is the equality claimed by the South—the use
and occupancy of all your Territories by slave-
holding communities during the entire period of
the continuance of territorial governments! This
modest demand sounds to my ear very much like
the claim of the lion's share. And men are de-
nounced on the floor of the Senate as fanatics,
as disunionists, as Black Republicans, and as
traitors to the Government, v ho discard such a
construction of the great charter of freedom—the
Constitution of the United States.
Sir, it is apparent to the least observant, that
you establish slavery in Kansas, and defend it
with the armies of the nation, as you are now
doing, until her population shall reach ninety-
three thousand it will have become so firmly es-
tablished, and so deeply rooted and interwoven
•with the framfr-work of society, as to render its
removal a practical impossibility; as much so as
U now is in Missouri, Kentucky, or Louisiana,
olavery has never been removed from any one
** new States admitted into the Union
Mr. President, this "equality of States "in the
.territories, which permits ana defends slavery
in all of the Territories, chimbles under a careful
analysis as readily as the doctrine of " squatter
sovereignty. The doctrine, " that the people of
^1 the States may enjoy the common Territories
wL P™P?rty of every «orI. as a band of
brothers, until their pupilage is terminated by a
State government, and that then they may frame
such institutions as they desire," seems so plaus-
ible in fact, and so beautiful in theory;, as to al-
most palsy the tongue and bewilder the brain of
him who disputes its truth. Nothing was ever
more false that seemed so fair. The establish-
ment and continuance of slavery in the Territo-
ries not only predetermines the question for the
ntr't •? ' jUt lt vlolates the very equality
which it pretends to foster and protect.
The millions of hardy laborers of the North
and Northwest will not live in a slaveholdins-
community. i need not answer "why?" A
thousand reasons are on their tongues. To vou
^ thl r-esultof,a si<*'y sentimLt-
ausm. io them their conclusion^ seem to be
| the result of the clearest reasoning, sustained by
i the strongest sense of moral duty. If, then, you
I establish slavery in the Territories, you exclude
them from the enjoyment of this common herit-
age. The thousands and tens of thousands of men
and women of the free North who migrate to
the West are laborers. Many of them go to your
new Territories with no capital except industri-
ous habits, strong arms, generous hearts, and
lofty purposes. They go to form new commu-
nities ana a new society, where labor is honorable;
where he who is too proud to work is discarded;
where he who refuses, by his own toil, to add
something to the solid capital of the country is
disgraced; where the industrious, the vigilant, and
the frugal are honored and promoted; where, in
time, nearly all live in their own houses, culti-
vate their own soil, arid run their own machinery.
They live on a common platform of equality, be-
cause all are willing to labor for a living. Such
men will never so degrade themselves as to
labor in the fields, side by side, with southern
slaves.
Establish slavery in the common Territories and
yoi> exclude the working-men of the North; pro-
hibit slavery in the Territories, and you exclude
slaveholders. Which is the greater "inequality ?"
The white population of the United States was
reported by the officers of the Government in
1850 at about twenty millions; the number of
slaveholders at less than one quarter of a million.
If this be true, the enactment of laws excluding
slavery from the Territories would deprive less
than a quarter of a million of the citizens of the
country of the right to hold a species of property
I there which nineteen millions seven hundred and
fifty thousand of their fellow-countrymen discard.
Nineteen and three fourths millions of the people
of the United States may still go to Kansas with
" their property of every kind." The quarter of a
million may go on equal terms. To make room for
the slaves of the one quarter of a million, you are
required to exclude the free millions of the North;
for, by establishing slavery in the Territories, you
practically exclude free laborers, who are too
proud to become the companions of slaves. Is
this right? Is it just? Is that constitutional
equality ?
For myself, sir, I am free to admit that I am
one of the number practically excluded. I esteem
it no disgrace to say, sir, in the Senate of the
United States, that from childhood I have been
taught to labor. The sweat of my brow has been
my only capital. I have been required to fulfill
the edict pronounced by the Almighty, in th 
original formation of the human family, " that by
the sweat of his brow he shall earn his bread."
On a platform of equality, I have never been
disposed to shrink from an honorable competi-
tioni with the most favored in lifers ever recurring
conflicts; but, sir, I never will, by act or vote
of mine, place myself in a condition to struggle
for position in social life with those whose slaves
are the companions of my daily toils. If I would
not thus stultify myself, I will not thus wrong
my child. I would be equally pleased to see him
compete, in the school-room—at the black-board
—in the lecture-room—on the rostrum—in the
field, or in the shop, with the son of the south-
erner as well as the son of the northerner. But
?lr, ^never could feel a father's pride in witness-'
■ iJ1P-, T ,str,u^ies for position in the polite circles
while I bad, by vote of mine, made him the com-
panion of slaves at his daily labor. Rather than
see him reduced to a practical inequality of this
kind, I would prefer to see his eyes plucked out
and given to the eagles-, and his heart snatched out
and given to the vultures. Place him on a plat-
form of equality—let him labor in the same sphere,
wi th the sagie chances of success and promotion
j 'u con'est beexactly equal between him
and others; and if, in the conflict of mind with
mind, he should sink beneath the billow, let him
perish!—but by no vote or act of mine will I
give him an unequal battle.- If I could not thus
wrong my own child, I will not, as a Senator rep- ,
resenting in part one of the States of this Union, I
t>y any officii act of mine, either exclude her free
r!;nr ™ ,the enjoyment of our common Ter-
I p ?ce them 112 companionship with the
field-hands of southern planters.
It is this claim of southern statesmen to the use
of all the Territories for slaveholding communities
that is upheaving the elements of society, and
dissolving old parties, North and West. The cry
of Black Republicanism, nor the throat to dissolve
the Union, will stay the swelling wave. The cry
of Abolitionism will l>e equally impotent.
" Abolitionist," with its original meaning, was
exceedingly odious in the North and West, as
well as South. W^hen it meant an officious inter-
meddling of the people of one State with the
domestic affairs of another—when it was said to
mean social equality and amalgamation of the
two races, there were but few to approve it; and
1. sir, was never one of that number. While
I saw no generic distinction between the two
races, it has always seemed to me that something
was due to the common instincts, affinities, and
decencies of life; all of which were so flagrantly
violated by the great Democratic party, in 183C,
by elevating a practical amalgamationist to the
second office in the gift of the nation, and again
in 1840, by attempting to repeat the outrage. I
never acted with such a party; I never consulted
them, advised with them, nor voted for them. I
have always defended the right of the people of
the southern States " to regulate their own do-
mestic institutions in their own way." But, sir,
I claim an equal right for the people of the whole
co-untry, by their representatives m Congress, to
regulate the domestic institutions of all the Terri-
tories belonging to the United States. This is
constitutional equality, as I understand it. Let
each State control its own domestic affairs, within
its own jurisdiction; and let Congress control the
domestic affairs of the nation, wherever her sov-
ereignty is unrestricted by an existing State gov-
ernment. And I shall not be deterred from the
defense of this position by the cry of Abolition-
ism.
And now, Mr. President, I conclude these desul-
tory remarks by recapitulating the argument. I
conclude that the Congress of the United States
has power to prohibit slavery in the Territories
of the United States—
1. Because Congress has exercised this power
by declaratory acts following the acquisition of
the Northwest Territory, the Louisiana Terri -
tory, the State of Texas, and Oregon.
2. Because Congress has prohibited slavery ui
the organization of territorial governments, and
in the admission of States formed out of all terri-
tory where slavery did not previously exist, em-
bracing all that vast country north of the Ohio
riyer and the 36° 30' of north latitude, extending
fiom the eastern line of Ohio to the Pacific ocean
—embnujing a period of time commencing with
1787 and reaching to 1850.
I 3. Because there is not on record, in all the
a .iUAT'Ca-tlon ^e. c°urts of the country, State
and National, extending from the foundation of
the Government to the present moment, a single
adverse decision.
4. Because, in the acquisition of the Territories,
the Government of theUnited States acquired full,
complete, and exclusive sovereignty over them
as the successor of the sovereigns from whom
they were procured, of which she cannot divest
herself until she transfers this sovereignty to State
governments.
5. Because this power is indirectly asserted in
the Kansas-Nebraska act, conferring the power
to legislate on all suitable subjects of legislation,
and to regulate their own domestic institutions in
their own way—since a power could never be
Cong" lcil was not previously held by
Secondly, I conclude that this power ought to
be exercised in the organization of territorial
governments where slavery did not previously
I exist—
^Because natural justice, as interpreted by
the fathers of the Republic, demands it.
2. Because the supposed or real inferiority of
the African race increases instead of diminishes
the obligations of civil society to protect him from
the oppression of the strong and powerful.
3. Because equality among the people of all the
States requires it: the permission of slavery in
the Territories practically excluding an over-
whelming majority of the Americait peouje from
their .occupancy.
4. Because the peace and quiet of the Territo-
