1012
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 24,
Mr: LETCHER. I move that the House do
now adjourn.
The motion was disagreed to.
Mr. GIDDINGS. I ask the unanimous con-
sent of the House to introduce, for the purpose
of reference, a bill to continue the improvements
in the harbor at Ashtabula, Ohio.
Mr. LETCHER. I object, and call for the
regular order of business—which is the call of
committees for reports.
ENROLLED BILL.
Mr. PIKE, from the Committee on Enrolled
Bills, reported as truly enrolled £S An act to con-
tinue half-pay to Mrs. Lewright Browning, for a
further term of five years;" when the Speaker
signed the same.
And then, on motion of Mr. GALLOWAY,
the House (at three o'clock, p. m.) adjourned
till to-morrow at twelve o'clock, m.
IN SENATE.
* Thursday, April 24,1856.
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. Henry C. Dean.
The Journal ofyesterday was read and approved.
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS.
Mr. DODGE presented a memorial of the Le-
gislature of Wisconsin, praying for an appropria-
tion for the erection of a building for the accom-
modation of the post office ana United States
court at the city of Madison, in that State-, which
was read, and referred to the Committee on the
Post Office and Post Roads.
Mr. JONES, of Iowa, presented the petition of
David W. Rogers, praying to be allowed bounty
land and remuneration for losses sustained by him
in consequence of rendering assistance to Ameri-
can prisoners in Montreal during the war of 1812;
which was referred to the Committee on Military
Affairs.
Also, a petition of Jeremiah Pendcrgrast, pray-
ing to be allowed an increase of pension; which
was referred to the Committee on Pensions.
Mr. FISH presented the petition of John Mc-
Kesson, praying for the payment of certain Con-
tinental money held by him, which was issued
for the services of his ancestors in the revolution-
ary war; which was referred to the Committee
on Revolutionary Claims.
Mr. SEWARD presented the petition of the
owners and other persons interested in the canal
boats navigating the canals of New York, pray-
ing that such canal boats may not be required to
be enrolled and licensed at the ports of entry
within that State; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Commerce.
Mr. JOHNSON presented the petition of
George J. Knight, praying for compensation for
a vessel impiessrd into the service of the United
Status in the year 1814, and destroyed while in
their possession; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Commerce.
ATMOSPHERIC TELEGRAPH.
Mr. SUMNER. I present the petition of Lu-
ther V. Bell, of Charleston, Massachusetts, in
which he sets forth that he is the first discoverer
of what is known as the atmospheric telegraph,
and that he described it in several public lectures
more than six years ago. He then proceeds to
ask Congress, in the event of its deciding this in-
vention to he worthy of trial, that his just claims
shall not be passed over in favorof others of later
date, and borrowed from him. He also prays
that, in the event of such trial being ordered, it
may not be done without his having some direc-
tion m the matter; and he finally suggests that a
full experimental trial of it, in a large way, suf-
ficient to settle its practical efficiency anu cost,
could be made at the most moderate expense in
connection with the iron pipes to be used in the
present undertaking to supply the city of Wash-
ington with water.
1 move the reference of this memorial to the
Committee on the Post Office and Post Roads;
and 1 also ask the unanimous consent of the Sen-
ate for an order that it be printed. In support of
that suggestion, I will-make one remark. It will
be remembered that the claim of Mr. Richardson
to this invention has been considered by a com-
mittee of this body, and made the subject of an
elaborate report, in which all the facts sustaining
it have been laid before the Senate. It seems to
me, injustice to the distinguished and estimable
gentleman from whom this memorial comes, that
his statement of his claim should also be put on
record before the Senate. I therefore ask unan-
imous consent that it be printed.
Mr. BIGGS. I obje'et.
The PRESIDENT. Then the motion to print
goes to the Committee on Printing under the rules.
The memorial was referred to the Committee
on the Post Office and Post Roads.
COOLIE TRADE.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I have had on my tabic
for some two weeks a resolution which I wished
to submit, but, before I obtained an opportunity
to do so, the Senator from Massachusetts [Mr.
Sumner] presented a resolution on the same sub-
ject, which has been referred to the Committee
on Commerce. I now offer this resolution with
the hope that the Senate will take it up and adopt
it, as it only calls for information to the end that
the Committee on Commerce may act understand-
ingly on the subject:
Resolved, That the Seci etary of State be directed to fur-
nish the Senate any documents papeis, or other infoima-
tion to be found in his Department, tending to show the
extent to winch the transportation of laborers is now being
carried on from the continent of Asia, or any of the Asiatic
islands, to English or Spanish colonies in America, or to the
Clnncha Islands; whether said laborers are termed slaves
coolies, or apprentice*; al&o, any inlbimation m his De-
paitrnenf tending to show the manner in which sueli labor-
er are tieated during ti asportation, and after arrival m the
couutiies into which they are imported, together with sta-
tistics sliowing the sacrifice of human life resulting from said
tiaffiic.
The resolution was considered by unanimous
consent, and agreed to.
REPORTS PROM COMMITTEES.
Mr. WELLER, from the Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs, to whom was referred the petition
of James Davidson, submitted a report, accom-
panied by a bill for his relief; which was read, and
passed to a second reading. The report was
ordered to be printed.
Mr. STUART, from the Committee on Public
Lands, to whom was referred the bill (S. No.
217) to continue the land office at Yincennes,
Indiana, and to ascertain and adjust the titles to
lands in the States of Indiana and Illinois, form-
erly included within the Vincennes land district,
reported it without amendment.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
were referred resolutions of the Common Council
of Vincennes, Indiana, reported a bill (S. No.
263) to transfer certain rights and duties con-
ferred upon the trustees of the town of Vincennes,
Indiana, to the Common Council of the city of
Vincennes, Indiana; which was read, and passed
to a second reading.
Mr. FISH, from the Committee on Foreign
Relations, to whom was referred the bill (H. 11.
No. 72) for the relief of John S. Pendleton, re-
ported it without amendment; and on his motion
the Committee on Foreign Relations was dis-
charged from the further consideration of the
memorial of John S. Pendleton, which was pre-
sented to the Senate, which requires no further
action, as the House bill to grant the prayer of
his petition has now been reported.
Mr. TOUCEY, from the Committee on the
Judiciary, to whom were referred the following
bills, reported that they ought not to pass, and
they were laid on the table:
A bill (S. No. 31) for the construction of suit-
able building for the accommodation of the circuit
and district courts of the United States and the
several offices connected th<?tewith, and the post
offices at Rutland and Windsor, Vermont.
A bill (S. No. 47) to provide for the construc-
tion of a suitable building for the accommodation
of the district court of the United States at Key
West, in the State of Florida.
A bill (S. No. 65) for the construction of a
suitable building for a court-house and post office
at Boston.
A bill (S. No. 83) for the construction of a
suitable building for the accommodation of the cir-
cuit and district courts of the United States and !
the several offices connected therewith, and the
post office, at Springfield, Illinois.
On motion of Mr. TOUCEY, it was
Ordered, That the Committee on the Judiciarybe dis-
charged fiom the further consideration of the petition of
citizens of Windsor, Vermont, in relation to a court-house at j
tlrot place, !
NOTICE OF A BILL.
Mr. JONES, of Iowa, gave notice of his inten-
tion to ask leave to introduce a bill to incorporate
the Columbia Library Association of Washing-
ton city.
BILL INTRODUCED.
Mr. HAMLIN asked and obtained leave to
introduce a bill (S. No. 264) to amend an act en-
titled "An act requiring foreign regulations of
commerce to be laid annually before Congress,"
approved August 16,1852, and forotherpurposes;
which was read the first and second time by unan-
imous consent, and referred to the Committee on
Commerce.
DEFICIENCY BILL.
A message was received from the House of
Representatives, by Mr. Cullom, their Clerk, an-
nouncing that the House agrees to some, and dis-
agrees to other amendments of the Senate to the
bill (H. R. No. 68) to supply deficiencies in the
appropriations for the service of the fiscal year
ending the 30th of June, 1856, and that they agree
to other amendments of the Senate to said bill
with amendments, in which they request the con-
currence of the Senate.
On motion of Mr. STUART, the bill and
amendments were referred to the Committee on
Finance.
APPEALS FROM FLORIDA COURTS.
Mr. PUGH. I desire the Senate to take up
the bill which I reported from the Committee on
the Judiciary a month ago, in response to a res-
olution of the Senate, and to which I presume
there is no objection. It is a bill (S. No. 196) to
authorize the circuit court of the United States
for the southern district of Georgia to entertain
appeals, and grant writs of error in certain cases.
Mr. MALLORY. It is a bill to which there
will be no objection.
The motion was agreed to; and the bill was
read the second time, and considered as in Com-
mittee of the Whole. It proposes to allow ap-
peals from the decisions of the United States dis-
trict courtsin Florida in civil causes of admiralty
and maritime jurisdiction, and in equitable causes
where the sum in dispute amounts to $200, to be
taken to the circuit court of the United States for
the southern district of Georgia. It also pro-
poses to confer on the circuit court for the south-
ern district, of Georgia authority to grant writs of
error to review the judgments of the district
courts in Florida, in civil causes at common law,
where the amount in dispute is $200. These pro-
visions, however, are not to interfere with the
direct appeal now allowed to the Supreme Court
of the united States from the Florida district
courts where the parties prefer that course.
Mr. ADAMS. The Senator from Ohio informs
me that he can explain the bill, but I desire to
state, in a few words, my objections to it.
In the first place, T am broadly and uncondi-
tionally opposed to all intermediate appeals. I
presume it is the case in Florida as it has been
in my own Stato, that the district judges exercise
circuit court jurisdiction. We know that the
Judges of the Supreme Court, constituting the
circuit judges, are required to be here nearly all
the time; theii business requires their attendance
on the^ Supreme Court. The appeal now pro-
posed is from one district to another—from the
State of Florida to the State of Georgia. Florida
has a smaller population than Georgia, but I do
not know that there will be any great advantage
from the change. My objection is to taking in-
termediate appeals. Experience has shown that
it delays, without benefiting the party, and in-
creases the expense. I am perfectly willing to
give an opportunity of appealing in all cases to
any amount that the representatives of that
State may desire; but I cannot vote, without
some stronger reason being assigned than I have
heard heretofore, to allow an appeal from a com-
petent tribunal having jurisdiction to any other
than the highest court directly.
Mr. PUGH. If this were a new subject, I
should agree with my friend from Mississippi.
I am opposed to these intermediate courts. I am
in favor of a trial at nisi prius, and then an appeal
or writ of error to the highest court; but that
is not the system adopted in the United States.
Our present practice is to have a cause, where
the amount is under a certain sum, tried in the
