1856.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
287
the Senate in a few remarks, some days ago,
that I could see no other mode of effectual re-
dress against what I consider a great wrong to
the public service by the passage of the law in
question, and by the administration of it, but to
set the whole thing aside, and begin de novo in
reference to it. I retain that opinion; but I un-
derstood the honorable Senator from Louisiana,
[Mr. Benjamin,] and perhaps some others, to
say, on a former day, that that could not be done;
that the law was executed, and a repeal of the
law would not replace these officers where the law
found them. I differ from that honorable Sen-
ator. The law is not executed—at least there yet
remains enough to be done under the law to carry
it into full execution; and until all is done that
remains to be done the law is not executed.
The lau&provides authority in the President to
fill the vacancies that may be occasioned by the
retired list; but whatever commissions are issued
to fill those vacancies expire and become null,
unless they are confirmed by the Senate at the
present session of Congress. Whenever those
nominations shall be made, if it shall be the pleas-
ure of the Senate not to confirm them, the com-
missions will become null, and the officers to
whom they were issued will be remitted to the
exact position in which they stood before the
.commissions were given to them. Nobody will
doubt that. So far, then, as these intended pro-
motions can take place, it is in the power of the
Senate to stop the execution of the law where it
now is, and the commissions will be null, and
those officers who have been promoted will be
remitted exactly to the position in which they
stood before the new commissions were issued.
Then, if the law should be repealed, (which
will require the action of both Houses.) where
will stand those who have been placed on the re-
served list? They are yet in the Navy; they have
all the functions belonging to naval officers ac-
cording to their rank, except so far as they have
oeen taken away by the law of the last session.
Repeal that law, and thcie will be no longer a
reserved list; there will be no longer officers on
that reserved list, and all the provisions of the
law being abrogated, I hold, and hold clearly,
that those on the reserved list will be again re-
mitted exactly to the position? which they held
before the law was passed.
Mr. BUTLKll. What would become of those
who have been dropped? 4
Mr. MASON. I have been speaking of those
who have been retired. As to those who have
been dismissed or dropped,, they are out of the
service. That has been done by the action of
the President under the suggestion of the law,
and, unless the President should restore them, 1
do not see at piesent that they are within the
reach of Congress; and yet I should entertain a
very confident opinion tfiat, if the Congress of
the United States by their action were to exhibit
to the Executive their belief that the law in itself
was wrong, that the vice was originally in the
law of the last session, and that they had done all
that pertained to legislative power to redress the
wrong, it would be a case appealing very strongly
to Executive discretion to restore those who were
to be restored only by his action.
I throw out these ideas because I understood
the.honorable Senator from Louisiana the other
day strongly to insist that it was not now in the
reach of both Houses of Congress, or of eithei,
effectually to nullify and destroy the effect of the
law of the last session. I move to refer the me-
morial which I have presented to the Committee
on Naval Affairs.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I merely desire to say, as
I said the other day, that I do not think the pre-
sentation of these memorials furnishes a proper
occasion for an extended debate on the questions
connected with the action of the naval board,
and I think it cannot but strike Senators around
me, that whilst Senators on this floor are desirous
of- remedying what they suppose to be the injus-
tice of the action of the board, as regards the
particular cases of particular officers, we are run-
ning into great danger of doing gross injustice to
those high and honorable gentlemen who consti-
tuted that board. Until we can ascertain from
some source worthy of credence, from authentic
information derived from the Department, or
which we shall ask the officers of that board to
give us, upon what reasons their action was
grounded, so far as relates to the particular offi-
cers whose^cascs arc brought before us, it seems
to me that we are running into that very course
of action which gentlemen deprecate so much in
the case of the board, and which'they deem
worthy of reprehension on this floor. We arc
exposed to do gross injustice in debates got up on
such occasions and on such limited means of in-
formation.
I merely throw out these remarks for the pur-
pose of showing how irregular, in my estima-
tion, it is to animadvert upon the action of the
officers who composed the naval board, when
they cannot be heard, and when they have no
memorial before the Senate, and when the ani-
madversions are founded entirely on the ex parte
statements of officers who have been disrated or
displaced by the board. 1 will say further, that
when the proper time shall come when the de-
bate shall be fixed in advance for a day, when
gentlemen will expect the discussion to come up,
and will be prepared to meet all the subjects that
shall be brought before the consideration of the
Senate, I think it will be no difficult matter to
defend the action of tllo board from all the re-
proaches and all the obloquy that have been cast
upon it.
With regard to the interpretation of the law to
which the Senator from Virginia refers as having
been mentioned by me the other day, I have to
state that I am not now propped, for the reasons
I have already given, to go into a discussion of
the legal question. I do not deem it now neces-
sary. At the same time, I will say that the gen-
tleman agrees with mo, at all events, to this
extent: that those officers who have been dropped
from the service, cannot be put back into the ser-
vice by any action of ours; but he seems to think
that, although we ourselves cannot put back any
officers from the reserved list to the active list, by
any action of the Senate, yet that, by a repeal
of the law, (which would destroy the reserved
list and the furlough list,) all the officers on those
lists might, by that action of Congress, if ap-
proved by the Executive, ho placed again in active
service. It is possible that might be the result
of such action on the part of Congress; but I put
it to the Senator himself—I put it to honorable
Senators around me on all sides of this Cham-
ber, if they are prepared to put back into the
active service-of the country the whole of the
officers in a body that have been reported by this
board of fifteen officers as inefficient to perform
their duty in the Navy. I ask if Senators can
be prepared for a responsibility like this? I ask
if this is a remedy to be proposed to Congress?
Is it not our duty to cast about us for some
means by which redress can b® given in cases of
particular wrong and injustice, rather than that
the Navy should be ogam reduced to the situa-
tion from which it has been found by Congress
so difficult to redeem it?
Mr. CLAYTON. Mr. President, I concur
fully with the honorable Senator from Louisiana,
that these memorials do not present the proper
occasion for a general debate of the whole merits
of the law or the action of the naval board; yet
honorable gentlemen first get up a debate in favor
of the memorialists, and then those of us who
desire to see justice to all sides must necessarily
participate when Such discussions aie admitted.
The honorable gentleman from Virginia [Mr.
Mason] told us this morning that Congress was
not organized, and that we could not go on with
legislative business, and he, therefore, objected to
a debate on the subject of the foreign relations of
the country. It seems to me that the objection
wouid have applied with still greater force to the
speech which he himself delivered. 1 concur
with the honorable gentleman fiom Louisiana in
his main position, and I see not how, by any ac-
tion of this body, or of this body and the other
branch of Congress, when it shall be organized,
we can reinstate the whole mass of the naval
officers who have been dropped or those who have
been placed on the retired list. 1 cannot per-
ceive it. This is one of the remedies which is
suggested to cure what are considered to be the
defects of the law. Another remedy has been
suggested, which I attempted to dispose of when
the subject was last before us, and that is, to
reject the appointments made by the President.
I do not consider that either of these modes
furnishes any proper mode of redress. I will nfct
now go on with the discussion of the subject,
but at the proper time, if it shall ever arise, I shall
be ready to show that such a remedy as the
repeal of the law would be utterly ineffectual, and,
if it could be carried out, would produce results
which I think the honorable Senator from Vir-
ginia himself would concur with the general com-
munity and the Senate ought not to be arrivedat.
1 have heard repeatedly on this floor objections -
made to the action of the naval board because it
kept no record, and again it has been said that it
condemned men upon rumor. In relation to the
first remark, that they kept no record, I beg leave
to say that, if I had supposed at the time this
hw was under consideration before the Senate,
the naval board meant to keep a record of all the
objections made in every case of an officer pre-
sented for their consideration, I never would have
voted for such a law. There could not have been
any record kept under this act. There was no
record kept when the officers of the Army were
retired, some fifteen hundred in number, after the
last war with GreatBritain. I have recently had
occasion to look at the instructions that were
given on the 17th of May, 1815, by the Secretary
of War to the board composed of Major Gener-
als "Brown, Jackson, Scott, Gaines, Macomb, and
Ripley, detailed by him for the purpose of invest
tigating the question who should be dropped and
who should be retained in the Army. I find that
the instructions given by the Secretary of War,
on that occasion, were like the instructions given
to this board by the present Secretary of th 
Navy. I do not, therefore, sec anything to con-
demn in the conduct of the Secretary of uie Navy
in drawing up instructions, unless we are to go
back and condemn all the action of the Secretary
of War when the officers of the Army were re-
tired in 1815.
In regard to the other remark, that these men
were condemned on rumor, what evidence have
we of that? Fifteen of the ablest men *of the
Navy were selected for the purpose of examining
into the efficiency or competency of naval'officers.
They were their own associates: tlvy were men
who had been acquainted with them during the
greater part of their nautical lives. They were
intended by us, when we passed the law, and by
the President, when he approved" it, and by the
Secretary of the Navy, when he convened the
board, and by the President, when he approved
their acts, to be men so well acquainted #ith
their brother officers in the Navy, as to under-
stand fully the position of each officer, so far as
it related to the subject of competency. They
must have acted often upon their own knowledge.
They must have resorted to another source of
information—from the reports which were made
from time to time in relation to the conduct of 1
officers of the Navy to the Navy Department—
reports made by their superior officers. The
naval board had free access to them. I see no
ground for the assertion that men were condemned
upon mere rumor.
If there are errors, the question which we
should consider, and which the Committee on
Naval Affairs ought to consider^ is how to rem-
edy them. I am anxious to hear the suggestions
of others, as to the remedy for such cases. If
you can show me any instance in which an error
has been committed, I stand ready to adopt any
proper measure of redress—to reinstate the per-
sons wronged, if it can be done; or if it cannot
be done, to do them ample justice in any suitable
way that may be pointed out. I stand ready to
be convinced if error has been committed. God
forbid that we should stand on technical ground
to refu.se justice to any individual who has actu-
ally been wronged; bullet that fact appear; let
the individual case be presented by the Committee
on Naval Affairs, and then we will find a remedy.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I do not propose
to debate this question. I concur very fully in
most of the remarks made by my friend from Lou-
isiana, [Mr. Benjamin;] and it is to obviate the
difficulty which he has suggested that I now rise.
You will remember, Mr. President, that, at an
early day of the session, I offered a resolution
calling-for the very information which the gentle-
man has now suggested as being necessary to
enable us to arrive at a just conclusion touching
this interesting and important matter. I fear we
are leading ourselves astray, and that we are
