1856.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
27?"
34th Cong.-... 1st Sess. Kansas Contested Election—Mr. Bennett, of Mississippi.
Ho. of Reps.
ries requires that this, and all great questions of
State, should be settled by the supreme legis-
lature. ,
And, lastly, because its speedy exercise seems
to be the only means for restoring to the people
of Kansas the rights of freemen, of -which they
have been deprived by violence.
KANSAS CONTESTED ELECTION.
SPEECH OF HON. H. S. BENNETT,
OF MISSISSIPPI,
In the House of Representatives,
March 14, 1856,
On the Resolution reported by the Committee of Elections
in the Contested-Election case from the Territory of
Kansas.
Mr. BENNETT, of Mississippi, said:
Mr. Speaker: By the very kind indulgence of
a majority of the members upon this floor, I have
the opportunity to make a few remarks upon the
momentous proposition now before the House. I
am not indebted to the courtesy of the gentleman
from Maine [Mr." Washburn] for this opportu-
nity.
Sir, I have no idle panegyrics to offer, either
for General "Whitfield or Governor Reeder, or in
reference to any one who may be a contestant
before this House for a .seat as a Delegate from
Kansas. I may well feel alarmed, I confess, sir,
ill approaching this subject, at the magnitude
of the task I have undertaken. We are not left
in this investigation to the ordinary questions of
law, where decision travels with ease and confi-
dence upon the highway of precedent; but, sir,
slowly and cautiously must be our march when
we attempt to travel the unbeaten path of consti-
tutional construction in searching into the prin-
ciples of organic law, in examining and surveying
the  xact extent and relative position of the bases 1
which maintain the pillars of the political fabric;
it must be approached with skill and experience,
which should always be the companions of reason
and discretion; and I confess I feel greatly defi-
cient in botTi. I know that I have around me
materials more than sufficient for an impregnable
argument, and from that abundance one more
skilled would at once make a selection which dis-
tracts my attention and confuses my choice.
I should, to-day, if I attempted, in my place
as a member upon this floor, to send out to the
country inflammatory appeals to heighten the ex-
citement which already exists in the minds of the
community, feel that 1 was unworthy of occupy-
ing the seat 1 now hold. There are grave and im-
portant legal questions to be determined. They
" involve the nicest and most important principles
pertaining to our system of Government. They
are questions involving not merely the right of
Governor Reeder or of General Whitfield to a
seat upon this floor, but they involve the great
principle, whether the people of Kansas, in obe-
dience to the organic law of that Territory, shall*
determine for themselves the election of a Dele-
fate upon this floor, or whether that power shall
e exercised by the Congress of the United
States—whether the people of Kansas shall choose
for themselves, or shall Congress usurp that power
in violation of the dearest principle of all repre-
sentative Governments. I, sir, am in favor of
holding the coordinate departments of this Gov-
ernment to a strict and rigid accountability, and
that neither shall be permitted, with my consent,
to encroach upon the other hi the exercise of their
respective delegated powers.
It is true, Kansas, in an inchoate state, has no
power, civil or political, except such as is dele-
gated. The right does not exist strictly to form
a constitution and government for themselves
without the^ permission of Congress; and Con-
gress possessing nothing but trust powers in the
exercise of its delegated authority, and such others
as may be assumed as necessary to carry into
effect the delegated powers, can only do so in sub-
ordination to the reserved rights of the States.
This is not a contest of sovereignty; it seems
to me it is only a contest with the people of Kan-
sas, as fo whether the powers delegated have been
complied with or altogether disregarded.
I oo not in thi  argument deny, but, upon the
contrary, I mailllain, that the people in the form-
ation of governments are tested with supreme
sovereignty; and in the formation of such govern-
ments, they need not look to the existing author-
ities for approbation, but the exercise of this
authority mustalways be by the sovereign people,
not by a faction. This power, thus exercised by
the sovereign people, includes the tight to abolish,
as well as to establish; and this right exists in the
The rules of law by which this party ought
to be estopped and precluded from setting up his
claim are founded upon the wisest principles of
justice and well-being of society. They are as
essential to the protection of life, liberty, and
property in the country as is the organization
of the Government itself. And that there shall
be a period at which no party can travel behind
the record in determining questions of litigation
States under the Union, not as the right of force, , between parties litigant ana contestant, whether
but a right of sovereignty. There can be no j determined in judicial or political forums, the
exercise of the rights of majorities except in obe- j Constitution confers upon the House the power
dience to existing laws, and never in violation of | to decide as to the election, returns, and qualifi-
law. ! | cations of its members. And if, sir, Whitfield
• It may also be assumed as an undeniable fact i has been elected in conformity to law by legal,
that two politicalindependentsovereigntiescannot ! qualified voters, or by but one legal, qualified voter,
exist in the same State or Territory. The power I he having no opponent at that election contesting
to be exercised by the judiciary is an intervening j his claim,"as he was, most unquestionably, accord-
power between the people and the law-making ing to the returns and certificate of the Governor,
powers, upon existing and subsisting law. If I if his return has been properly made to this House;
am told, in the application of these principles, that , and if he is qualified to take his seat, we are
the people may be wronged, my answer is: They estopped from going behind that and instituting
must appeal to the ballot-box, or to the Executive,
for redress for all wrong in his jurisdiction; and,
if not sufficient to give relief, then, in obedience to
law, th®ir remedy is to be found in convention.
It appears that, in obedience to the organic law
of Kansas, her then Governor ordered elections
to be held for members of the Territorial Legis-
lature; that the same were held; and, upon the
returns being made to Reeder, as such Governor,
in obedience to the organic law, he approved and
gave certificates to all but seven, whom he rejected;
which election for the rejected members was again
ordered.
an investigation.
We are told by gentlemen on the opposite side
of this question, that the Legislature of Kansas,
and the laws passed by them are nullities, because
of the illegal and forcible interference of Missou-
rians in the election, and of their placing men in
the Legislature who were elected hy such inter-
ference. Now, sir, let us investigate this question,
and see how the case stands when tested by the
principles of law.
By the law extending a territorial government
to Kansas, it is prcrvided that the Constitution of
the United States, and all laws not locally inap-
The organic law provides, that the place of the*plicable to the Territory of Kansas, shall be in as
meeting of the Legislature of Kansas should tem- [j full force and effect there as in any other portion
porarily be at Fort Leavenworth, but that the 11 of the United States. These laws give the Legis-
~ * 11 .i i lature the power to determine who are their own
members; and after the Legislature of Kansas
have decided that question for themselves, can
Congress go behind that decision? I deny the
proposition that Congress can now go behind the
election returns and qualifications of the members
elected to the Territorial Legislature. If Whit-
field was regularly elected as the law directs, I
maintain that not only is Reeder estopped by his
own act, but the people of Kansas are estopped
by theirs; neither can they, as the contestant here,
confer upon C^gress, by anything stated in their
memorial, the power to go behind such law for the
purpose of instituting an inquiry as to the legal-
ity of the election of the members who enacted the
law.
If it be alleged here that Reeder comes to con-
test the seat of Whitfield, not on his own account,
but in behalf of the people of that Territory, then
I maintain that the people are as much estopped
in the assertion of their claim as Reeder himself
is;—and why? Because they had the power
through their Legislature to have contested the
election of the members elected, and slept upon
their rights.
The question was a proper one for the adjudi-
cation of Reeder, or the Territorial Legislature,
under the organic law governing the Territory
of Kansas. There is no principle better Bettlea
than that, where a party has adequate remedy for
the redress of wrong in a particular forum, the
neglect to prosecute such right will never give
another forum jurisdiction of the question. It is
no answer that the facts did notcome to the knowl-
edge of Reeder until after the Legislature had
acted. Neither Reeder nor the people can now
be permitted to stultify themselves. The people
were compelled to have knowledge of the fact
whether the members were elected by them or
others. It is a mere delusion when we are asked,
to believe that freemen in Kansas were frightened
ought of their rights. He who could believe it
could easily at night convert a bush into a bear.
If the people were permitted to vote at their
election, and those persons elected to the'Legisla-
ture, when assembled as such Legislature, enacted
laws under which the sitting Delegate now holds
his seat, then I maintain they are estopped^ as
much as Governor Reeder from calling in question
the election of the members to the Legislature.
But the people of Kansas have presented no such
memorial; and if they had, Congress is powerless
to institute the investigation.
Sir, we do not take the position, as genuemtn
Governor was vested with power to assemble the
Legislature at such other places as he might deem
proper. The Governor did convene them ati
Pawnee City, sent in his message, and the Le- I
gislature remained there until they passed a law
locating the seat of the Legislature at Shawnee
Mission. _ *
These are the questions to be determined. We
are told, however, that these are legal questions,
and that we are not to determine them in the
manner in which they would be determined if
they were pending before a legal tribunal. The
whole argument addressed to the House by gen-
tlemen on the other side of this subject is a mere
question of jurisdiction, as to whether the judicial
tribunals of the country or the political tribunals
of the country shall entertain'jurisdiction over it.
But it does not follow that, because the political
power of the country entertains jurisdiction of the
question, it is not governed by the same rules of
law which would in like case govern the judicial
power. The arguments of gentlemen on that point
have fallen like paper pellets on the fortress that
has been erected around the question by the logi-
cal and'terse arguments of the gentlemen from Ala-
bama, Georgia, and Delaware, [Messrs. Walker,
Stephens, and Cuxlen.] It is said, sir, that,
because we sit here as a political tribunal for the
purpose of determining the most important legal
question that has ever been presented to the Con-
gress of the United States, we should not be gov-
erned by the rules of law usually controlling such
legal questions. If we are to be governed by the
same rules of law, 1 ask gentlemen on the other
side, can they, according to the facts stated by
Reeder—not only in his memorial, but before the
committee—vote to give him (Reeder) a seat on
this floor as Delegate from the Territory of Kan-
sas?
There is no principle better settled than that j
settled in the book from whifch the gentleman
[Mr. Washburn, of Maine] read this" morning—
that the election of a party who has been elected
by the voluntary assemblage of voters without
law and without authority is null and void, and
of no effect as respects a party duly elected ac-
cording to law. Then, sir, if Reeder comes here
with no claim to a seat save that derived from his
being chosen by the voluntary assemblage of the
people without law and without authority—with-
out any enactment whatever of the Legislature—
how can it be maintained that such a baseless
claim gives rise to the necessity of sending to
Kansas for persons and papers?
