1856.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1018
district court, with the right of appeal to the
circuit court, and a subsequent appeal to the
Supreme Court of the United States. Whenever
it is proposed to remodel the judiciary system of
the United States, I shall be found supporting
the proposition of my friend from Mississippi,
but that is not now the question. There is no
circuit court in Florida; the district court exer-
cises circuitcourtpowers. In causesin admiralty,
in equity causes, and in causes at common law,
where the sum involved is less than two thousand
dollars, the party has no right of appeal, and no
writ of error; the decision of a single judge sitting
in Florida is final. It is vain to say that the
United States have conferred on the State of
Florida the benefit of the judicial power designed
by the Constitution; they have not done it. The
purpose of this bill, then, is to allow a writ of
error, and an appeal from the district courts in
Florida to the circuit court for the southern dis-
trict of Georgia.
The judge of the Supreme Court of the United
States in charge of that circuit has authorized me
to say that he is perfectly willing to take that
labor on himself, and he thinks he can discharge
it satisfactorily. If we allow a writ of error
directly to the Supreme Court of the United
States, we increase that burden which is already
too great for the judges; they arc protesting
every day against any increase in the number
of the writs of error and appeals to them.
It must be remembered that in causes of admi-
ralty, where the amount really involved may be
many thousands of dollars, the point of jurisdic-
tion is decided with respect to the claim of each
individual. Take the case of the claim of seamen
for wages; the claim of no one man maybe equal
to $2,000, and yet the amount involved may be
over $10,000, and the decision of the district court
is final in such eases. You have conferred upon
a single judge arbitrary power in such cases. It
seems to me to be utterly at variance with your
whole judicial system. It is to remedy that
defect temporarily, until such time as there shall
be a general reorganization of the judicial sys-
tem, that the committee, in obedience to the res-
olution of the Senate, have presented this prop-
osition.
As I said before, I am willing to unite with
Senators generally in a proposition to reconstruct
the judiciary of the United States. I think it
needs reconstruction; but I do not see, at present,
any prospect of it; and the object of the bill is
simply to mitigate a confessed evil. The causes
in admiralty arising at Key West are, I pre-
sume, as great as at almost any other point in the
United States,unless atNewYork and Sail Fran-
cisco; and I see no reason why the citizens of
Florida, having all the burdens of the Union,
should not have the benefit of her judicial sys-
tem, especially when, as 1 have stated, the judge
•f the Supreme Court, who sits in the southern
district of Georgia has authorized me to say,
that there is time enough to hear these appeals,
and that he is willing to undertake the labor.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. I should like to heir
the bill read.
The bill was read.
Mr. TOUCEY. Mr. President, this is a long
bill, and yet the object is a very simple one. The
United States have no circuit court in Florida,
and of course the decision of the district judge is
final, in a very large class of cases in which
everywhere else there is an appeal allowed te a
circuit court. This bill gives an appeal to the
circuit court of Georgia, instead of creating a new
court in Florida. It is satisfactory to those con-
nected with the courts in Florida, and to the cir-
cuit judge who presides in the southern district of
Georgia. I think there can be no objection to it.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I have no objection to this
bill, if it is perfectly certain that the people of
Florida are willing to go to a neighboring State
with their appeals. Is that made to appear clearly ?
Mr. TOOMBS. It is done on their petition.
Mr. MALLORY. What is the question of the
Senator from Louisiana?
Mr. BENJAMIN. Are the people of Florida
willing to go to another State with their appeals ?
I know of very few States that would be willing
to do so.
Mr. MALLORY. The Legislature of Florida
have twice memorialized Congress on the subject.
In addition to the reasons given for allowing such
an appeal, I will state, that the admiralty causes
in the southern district of Florida are in amount,
perhaps, equal to any other district in the country,
with the exception of San Francisco; and as each
salvor is treated as a separate party, it amounts
to a denial of an appeal, because no salvor has a
case amounting to $2,000, exclusive of costs, and
hence he has no appeal. We are perfectly satis-
fied with the appeal to Georgia.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading; was read the third time, and passed.
THREE-MILLION BILL.
On motion of Mr. WELLER, the Senate re-
sumed the consideration of the bill (S. No. 124)
to increase the efficiency of the United States
Army.
Mr. HALE. Mr. President, I began to address
the Senate briefly, though i confess imperfectly,
on this subject when it was under consideration
yesterday. I had occasion then to make a state-
ment—speaking of the expenses of the Govern-
ment—in which the honorable Senator from
Michigan thought I was mistaken. I stated—
" We appropriated last Congress between seventy and
eighty millions. Over fifty millions were exclusive of any
payments lor the public debt. That amount was ceiuinly
higher than the expenditures during any year of the war
with Gieat Britain. I do not know whether we reached as
high a range dunng the first or second year of the war with
Mexico; but I think that during the last year, in the time
of profound peace, with a 'model President,' we have
expended more money than we ever didin the mostextrav-
agantyearof war."
At this point the honorable Senator from
Michigan [Mr Cass] interrupted me, by say-
ing: "It is a mistake;" and he repeated again,
'' it is a mistake." I wish to call the attention
of the Senate to this point very briefly. I think
this bill is the most appropriate one oh which we
can call attention to it. I'have the documents
before me. At the last session of the Thirty-
Second Congress, which was the Congress that
went out of office on the 4th of March, 1853,
when the present Administration came into power,
the gross appropriations weie $45,410,192 CO.
At the first session of the Thirty-Third Congress,
after the present Administration came into power,
the appropriations ran up from forty-five millions
to sixty-five millions, being an increase of nearly
fifty per cent.—the exact sum is $65,107,361 62.
That great increase was made up of over four
million live hundred thousand dollars increase on
the single item of the civil and diplomatic ex-
penses "of the Government. During the year
preceding the advent of this Administration, the
appropriations for those expenses were $11,420,-
038 29; and they were §15,944,852 44 at the year
succeeding it—being an increase, as I said, of
nearly fifty per cent. The naval appropriations
went up from §8,209,200 77 to $12,510,808 46—
being an increase on that item of fifty per cent,
and over.
I will not allude to the amount expended up to
July, 1854; because, up to that time, the appropri-
ations were made before this Administration came
into power. It will be seen, however, by refer-
ence to the President's annual message, and the
report on the finances, that, during the fiscal year
from July 1, 1854, to June 30, 1855, there was
expended, exclusive of any payments for the
public debt, the enormous sum of §56,365,393 80.
For the year ending June 30, 1856, we have
not full accounts; but we have most of the ex-
penditures and an estimate of the balance from
the Secretary of the Treasury. The appropri-
ations made last year at the second session
of the Thirty-Third Congress, were, as I stated
yesterday, between seventy and eighty millions
of dollars—the exact sum is $71,574,557. The
actual and estimated expenditures for the year
ending June 30, 1856, arc §71,226,846 91. 1_he
Secretary of the Treasury, for the redemption
of the public debt, wishes to use, of this suni,
$7,750,000, making the net expenditures tins
year, exclusive of any payment on the public
debt, $63,476,846 91. I will show how these
items are made up. The civil and diplomatic
expenses, which, in the first year of this Admin-
istration, ran up from eleven to fifteen millions
of dollars, now reach seventeen and a quarter
millions. The naval expenses, which were in-
creased fifty per cent, the first year of the pres-
ent Administration—that is, from eight to twelve
millions of dollars—are again. increased some-
thing like twenty-five per cent, more, to wit:
from twelve millions to over fifteen' millions of
dollars. The gross amount of expenditure, as I
have said, for this year, is more than seventy-one
millions of dollars, and, exclusive of payments
for the public debt, sixty-three millions of dol-
lars.
I wish now to ask the attention of the honor-
able gentleman from Mississippi [Mr. Adams]
to a statement which he made. When the notice
of the Senate was directed to this subject yester-
day, the Senator from Mississippi said:
" As to the expenditures of the Government, it is not my
purpose to defend the Democratic party, or the President.
[ can only say that f think arty objection on that ground
comes with rather had grace from the Senator from New
ttampshne; tor if that Senator voted against any of the
$70,000,000 winch were appropriated, I am mistaken. I
think that he voted for an appropriation of $15,000,000,
winch the President vetoed, and which did not become a
law."
Now, sir, I have no doubt the Senator from
Mississippi is entirely honest in that convicHbn;
but a very simple statement of fact will, I think,
explain it; and that is, that I was not a member
of either branch of Congress when these appro-
priations were made. [Laughter.] I was an
humble outsider; and, therefore, it is true, as the
Senator says, that I did not vote against them—
that part of his remark is right. But I am not
responsible for them.
Mr. ADAMS. I acknowledge the mistake. I
only spoke from memory. When I first came to
this body the Senator from New Hampshire was
here, and I spoke of his general character, know-
ing that he is understood always to vote for lib-
eral propositions.
Mr. HALE. I always go for what is liberal,
but I stop short of what is profligate. [Laughter.]
Now, sir, I wish to compare these expendi-
tures—and I speak by the book—with some of
the former expenses of this Government. It will
be seen, by reference to the annual expenditures
of the Government from 1789 down to the present
moment, that, in President Washington's time, in
no year did the expenditures get up to $2,000,000'.
Mr. TOOMBS. That would not pay for print-
ing books now.
Mr. HALE. I know it. From the 4th of
March, 1789, to the 30th December, 1791, the
appropriations, exclusive of the public debt,
were $2,797,123 66. In 1792, the amount was
$1,873,774 35; in 1793, $1,787,396 55. The Sen-
ator from Georgia says that this does not pay for
the printing now. It did not cost us $2,000,000
■a year to administer the Government during Gen-
eral Washington's administration. It costs us
more than $60,000,000 a year during General
Pierce's administration. In other words, it costs
the country thirty times as much to keep General
Piercc as it did to keep General Washington.
[Laughter.]
Lift us come down a little later. The war with
England was declared in 1812; and it was in
regard to the war with England that the honorable
Senator from Michigan yesterday thought I was
mistaken. The total expenditures in the year
1812 were $28,492,349 71—$8,000,000 of which
were for the public debt. Exclusive of payments
for the public debt, we spent $20,000,000 in 1812.
In 1813, the second year of the war, we spent
$29,078,974 05; and the third year, 1814, we spent
only $38,602,719 28.
That wasduringthe war with England; the high-
est expendituie for one year being $38,000,000.
Next, we come to the war with Mexico, when we
were carrying on a very expensive contest in a
foreign country with an army of about fifty thou-
sand°men. That war you know was commenced
"by the act of Mexico," [laughter,] in 1846.
During that year we appropriated, exclusive of
payments for public debt, $33,257,013 72; the next
year, 1846-'47, $54,193,012 35; and the next year*
1847-'48, $50,757,898 69; and the next year,,
when peace had been proclaimed, $40,373,080 62-
, It appears, then, that during the war with Mex-
! ico, when we were supporting an army of fifty
! thousand men in aforeign country, it did not cost
j so much to carry on this Government as it does
i now, in a time of profound peace, by something
1 like $10,000,000 a year. 1 am sorry to have to.
i state these facts, because I am afraid they will
S encourage the President to go into another war,
| thinking that war is more economical than peace.
