1858.
the congressional globe.
1887
the facts. I am aware of that paper which the
Senator from Indiana claims to ue an assent. I
fiuve n-tid it. It was in 1854.
Mr. BRIGHT. I want to state the fact to the
StMidtp, thai llif! contract which the Senator from ,
Michigan declares void under an act of Con- !
gross, was made before' the passage of the act of
1852.
Mr. STUART. I may be mistaken in the
dales, bat 1 think the fact is as I have stated-
Mr. BRIGHT. The contract of Mr. Thomp-
son with the Indians toundert&ke to recover their
rights from tiie United States, was made on the
9th of September, 1850; and their assent, which
has been read at the desk by the Secretary, is
dated the 4th of October, 1854, after the service
had been rendered. Furthermore, while 1 am
up, I will state that this very paper was in con-
troversy last year, as a reference to the debates
will show, Mr. Thompson's friends contending
that he had the conscnt of the Indians in the
most solemn manner.
Mr. STUART. The point as to the consent
of the Indians did notarise in the Senate. The
action of the Senate was without reference to it.
As the amendment passed the Senate there was
no proviso attached to it, but was simply an open
question of whether Mr. Thompson should have
the pay. I did allude to the original contract of
Mr. Thompson; that would present a very nice
question; but I said Congress, in the law which
tnev passed, intended to reach past as well as
future contracts.
Mr. COLLAMER. I understand that law
related to Indian agents.
Mr. STUART. AH agents and attorneys, as
the Senator will find by looking at it.
Mr. COLLAMER. I supposed, from the
statement, that it applied to agents appointed by
this Government.
Mr. STUART. No; it applied to all agents
and attorneys for the Indians. The evil was,
that men went and got themselves employed as
attorneys for Indians, who agreed to pay them
a very large percentage.
Mr. COLLAMER. I thought it applied to
our national agents, who took advantage of their
position.
Mr. STUART. No, sir, it related to attor-
neys for Indians; and I say Congress meant to
reach past contracts as well as future ones. I
believe that the Supreme Court of the United
States has determined that Congress has the
power to declare void an existing contract. The
limitation against laws impairing contracts is on
the State Legislatures by the Constitution; but
the Supreme Court of the United States has de-
termined, when Congress declares void a con tract,
it is not limited as the State Legislatures are.
Eut, sir, I was speaking about the assent that
is claimed. The paper which has been read was
drawn up in 1854; that was after the passage of
the act of 1852, and, therefore, that paper agree-
ing to pay this amount of money is clearly de-
clared null and void; so that he had no agree-
ment and no consent at all. That was reached
by the law of 1852. Again, the courts have de-
termined that the action of parties themselves
lias very much to do with the construction of a
law. Mr. Thompson agreed to the appointment
of Mr. Clarke, as agent, to get the consent of
the Indians. He went to the Mcnomonee Indi-
ans himself, and attended to the submiss:on of
Ins claim. He made his speech in its favor. It
was submitted to the Indians, and it was, as the
agent returns, rejected. When it was rejected,
what did Mr. Thompson do? He claims that he
is not bound by the proviso. You may read
through this long reply of Mr. Thompson, of
more than three hundred pages, to the Commis-
sioner, and you will find that he does not pre-
tend that he has got the consent of the Indians;
buthe puts it on the ground that he is not required
to get their consent. That is his ground to-day,
and that is the ground of the committee—not
thjt he has got the consent, but that he is not
obliged to get it.
Li this state of affairs, what course of conduct
does it become the Senate of the United States to
pursue ? A gentleman was selected to see whether
the Indians consented, who, Mr. Thompson
a'Jsiiiis, was in every respect a highly honorable,
intelligent, and proper man; and in saying so he
but does him justice. Sir, he lives in my own
town. I have known him since I was a boy. He
is as honest and competent a man as could have
been selected for this purpose. What does he
say.-' Let me turn you lo what he says. I beg
the attention of the Senate for a moment while 1
read the report of Mr. Clarkef which is very
short. He says:
Kalamazoo, October 1, 1 ?55.
Sir: In obedience to your communication, dated the
"■28th ot June la-t. advi-ing me thai the 1'ieMdeni had
selected me a* the agent oi'the Government to ascertain
whether the consent oi the Mpnoimmee Indian*   wilt or
will not be given to the paymeni ol the chum of Richard
VV. Thompson against the^aid Indians lor professional ser-
vices out ot tiiHir annuities hereafter to arise,'' 1 left home
tiie 2?th of August. baviny been previously advised bv the
fciipertmendeui (Dr. Hueb ctmianu) that the payment would
take place on ilie 7th of September, and, in company with
him, ! arrived on the pay ground at Keshena, on the
Wolf river, Wisconsin, the 5th ultimo of September. Mr.
Thompson arrived the following day.
I immediately took inest-mes to have the Titdian? assem-
bled in council on tiie 7th. takiny due care that the pro-
ceedings should he fairly conducted, and that no improper
means were u-cd to bias or eonuol the determination oi the
Indiana on either vuJo m the matter.
On the opening ol the council. I stated to them that I
had them convened for the purpose of ascertaining whether
oi not they would consent to th< payment oj Uiehaid W.
Thomp-on'<- chum, which I explained freely to them ; also,
before proceeding to the consideration of the matter, I
desired to know whether all the Fiuhan^ who were author-
ized to Het I'ur the tribe in sueb c«i<es were present; in
reply to winch, J was tnfonued they were.
Mr. Thompson then pioceeded with ln> statement and
argument in behalf of hi? claim. Attei In-arm*: himihrough,
and Dr. Huebschmann in behalf of she Government, I then
cautioned ihe Indian.- ayanM peimming anvone to talk
with them ni refmeuee to the matter, and that, it any did
so, to repori their names to inc..
The conned wishing tune to consult, it was adjourned
until the next morning.
Oh a^emlihng in the morning of the 8ih, agreeably lo
said adjournment, I vva< mloi iin'd by their chief thai they
could not agree, and asking for further time; it wa«
accordingly again adjourned over until .Monday, the 10th.
at which tune the accompanying paper, marked •' A," wa 
signed by all the eluets and head men of the tribe. The
decision being unanimous, i did not deem it advisable to
spend tune in taking the signatures of all the young men
of the tribe. By said pap^r it wdl be seen that the tribe
refuse to allow Mr. Thump-on*- elaun.
The paper marked u H"' contain* the name? of al! the
Indian? who have authorit} to act (or the tribe; with a few
exceptions, they were all present in council. The aeeom-
pammg papeis, marked •' C'- and u D," have been handed
me "with the request that I would forwaid them to the
Oeptrtmen* with my rcpott.
Truly yours, SAMUEL CLARKE.
Hon. James Guthrie, Secretary of the Treasury.
There, I say, was Mr. Thompson acting in the
construction of the law which the President had
put upon it. He appeared there, and represented
the claim to the Indians. Dr. Huebschmann,
the superintendent, appeared for the Government
on the other side, and made his statement. All
this was in the presence of Mr. Clarke, the agent
sent out by the Government. He then cautioned
the Indians. They took time to consider, and
they unanimously rejected the claim.
Now, 1 ask the Senate of the United States if
this proceeding has not something; to do with the
construction of the law? Will it do to allow a
claimant to come to Congress, get a law passed
authorizing payment, if the Indians consent to
it, and when the Indians refuse to consent allow
that claimant to come here and contend that he
has a right to the money without their consent?
That is this case. The papers accompanying
the letter which I last read, marked C and D,
are the statements of Thompson, on the one side,
complaining that there was unfair action by the
superintendent, and the statement of the super-
intendent on the other side, that there was unfair
action by Thompson and his friends. But what
docs the officer, who was appointed in accord-
ance with the law of Congress, say about it?
Who will the Senate of the United States believe
to-day, the agent of the Government, having no
interest in thik matter whatever, who reports
that the claim was honestly and fairly presente-d, !
and unanimously rejected, or the claimant, who
says it was unfairly done? What ground have
you for setting this action aside?
But, more than that, does not this show clearly
that Mr. Thompson now sets up a claim to be
paid as if the proviso were not m the bill because
the proviso defeats it? What did Congress mean
to dor Did Congress intend to pass the law with
that proviso in nor not? Did they pass the law
with it or not ? That pi oviso was in the engrossed
bill. I ask the espccial attention of the Senate
to this point: the bill was engrossed with that .
proviso, but it was left out oi the enrolled bill, i
I That is a most remarkable occurrence. It is one
, that I cannot explain, and it is one that this claim-
| ant had better explain before he undertakes to
, cast imputations against Government officers.
I M'"- BROWN. What do you mean by that?
. tie is not the enrolling clerk.
| Mr. S IUART. I say it is an occurrence most
j remarkable, that after a bill has been engrossed,
j written out with the amendments ail in,it should
I be enrolled with this proviso omitted. If it were
I left out of the engrossed bill i n the hurry in w hich
business is done at the heel of a session, the civil
and diplomatic appropriation bill having had a
very large number of amendments tacked to it,
the circumstance could easily be accounted for.
Butthefact of its having been engrossed correctly,
written out in full, and then omitted in the en-
rolled bill, is not so easily accounted for.
Then, what did this man* do? It is claimed
that he is a most magnificently honest man. I
am not going to say that he is otherwise; but I
will say this: he himself states that he went and
got a copy of the amendment without the pro-
viso, and demanded the money, and his own let-
ters show that he continued to demand it, and
urge on the Government officers that he had a
right to it, without regard to the proviso. His
own statement shows that, when the Attorney
j General and President compelled him, he yielded
i to the submission of his ease to the Indians, and
, when they rejected it, he returns to his original
' demand, and contends that the law is to be con-
strued without the proviso.
Now, sir, does anybody impeach the Hon.
Samuel Clarke5 There is no attempt lo doit.
The claimant himself says that Mr. Clarke is a
highly honorable and competent man, and acted
properly on the ground, that he is in all respects
t>atisfi« d with him. Mr. Clarke, in his report
tells the Secretory of the Treasury that the In-
dians unanimously rejected the claim upon a full
; hearing, and a fair understanding of it. How is
this sought to be got over ? We are told that this
is a personal controversy between the claimant
: and the Commissioner of Indian A flairs, and the
commissioner has acted in the most outrageous
manner, and therefore we must pay this money
regardless of the fact, that the Indians have re-
fused ii. Thai is a species of logic which I do
not at all understand.
The Senator from Georgia alluded to a fact
which 1 conceive to be a very important one. You
will see, sir, on looking through this document—
which the Senator from Mississippi,aday ortwo
ago, thought i had not looked into, or did not
understand—that Mr. Thompson is exceedingly
plausible and polite to every officer with whom he
has to deal, up to the time when that officer stands
between him and (he money, and then he turns
around and abuses him in the most unmeasuied
terms J ever heard in my life, I never heard, in
all my life, an article published by any man, to be
read and used by an intelligent public, not to say
the Senate of the United States, that is so excep-
tionable  n us language find terms as this com-
munication of Mr. Thompson. He attacks the
veracity of these public officers. Here 1 call the
attention of the Senate to one fact, which, in my
opinion, ought to turn this case beyond all dis-
pute, because the claim rests solely on the state-
! ment of Air. Thompson against facts certified by
] Government officers. Mr Thompson sends in
! his communication in about this language: "J am
| happy to know that the President of the United
; Slates does not consider me concluded by the
! refusal of the Indians, but is of opinion thatl am
| entitled to the money, and he kindly proposed to
| send the documents to Congress and express to
' Congress that opinion." Now, let me read the
| letter which lie says he addressed to the President
j of the United States on the subject, and I say
i again, I beg the attention of the Senate to it,
' because it tests the veracity of Mr. Thompson,
j It is dated Washington, November fi, 1855, and
I he writes as if the President had made him the
'proposition. Would it not be a most remaik-
j able thing for a President to submit a proposition
j to a private citizen. Here is the letter:
j Washington, Xovciuber 5. 1855.
I I accept, with a ju-i appteei.mo.i of your kind te-s. the
i proposition thru m\ ea>e fiiall lemam n« it is, to b.' reported
; to Congress. with an expression ol opinion by you, that
! the late paper e.\eeuted b> tue Indians bhouid not conclude
| mynghts; and that,in youi opinion, f should be paid. I lee
i to assure you that the magnanimity which has prompted
