m
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 24.
falling into the very error that some of us seek to
correct. I am not disposed to judge this board
without a hearing; I am not prepared to condemn
them untrt they have been heard; and in order
that they may. have a hearing, and that their views
may be not only before the Senate, but before the
Committee on Naval Affairs, I ask the Senate
now to take up and adopt that resolution, and
thus obviate the very difficulty which my friend
from Louisiana suggests, and which is suggested
by others.
Mr. MALLORY. Mr. President, if it is the
pleasure of the Senate to have a discussion of this
question on every memorial that is presented to
tne Senate, I have no objections whatever. 'I
only wish to say to those gentlemen who have
memorials to present, that, upon the slightest
notice to any member of the Committee on Naval
Affairs that such a memorial is to be presented,
that committee will endeavor, as far as they can,
to satisfy the inquiries which are thrown out here
informally as to why parties were retired or dis-
missed. I only wish to remind gentlemen that
similar memorials have been referred to the Com-
mittee on Naval Affairs, and to submit whether a
discussion on this question, which involves the
character of the law, the instructions of the Sec-
retary of the Navy, and the whole action under
and results of the law, had not better be deferred
until a report of thai committee to which the sub-
ject has been referred shall be made to the Sen-
ate, and we shall have some information before
us.
I do not propose to answer any of the sugges-
tions thrown out, because I am not prepaied,
physically, this morning, to do so; but I am indis-
posed to let any memorial be presented in such a
manner as to create 111 the country a false impres-
sion in any wpy reflecting on the board, when 1
have, in any respect, in my own power, the means
of giving a correct staiement on the subject.
My friend from Virginia, [Mr. Mason,] who
presents the memorial of Commodore Jones, was
foremost at the last session of Congress in obtain-
ing for that officer a remission of the penalty
imposed 011 him by a courl-mm 1L1I, which had
subjected him to three years'suspension, without
pay, upon very grave and serious charges, which,
if he had been convicted of them in any other
Navy in the vPorld, would have broken him or
any other officer in the naval sendee. The propo-
sition for that remission was passed by tins body;
the bill for Commodore Jones's relief was passed
here, but it failed in the other Hounc. 1 am free
to say that there are many members of this body
who would not have voted for that bill but on
account of the great sen ices which Commodoie
Jones had performed for the countiy, and because
of the fact that he was physically incompetent to
>■ perform any further service. JVJy friend from
South Carolina [Mr. Butler] sustained the bill
on those grounds; he will recollect tiie circum-
stance. His first words, as 1 have them before
me, were, that he voted for the bill upon this gen-
eral proposition: that, when Supio was railed
upon to answer to charges, he replied, " Upon
this day I fought the barde of Zama." Myfnend
from Vnginia, in reflecting 011 this case at that
time, said:
" Who w this ofiicei ? Tie is .uimi.iik the oldest of our
naval captains. J believe not the viy oltl1 -t. but anion <j the
oldest. He ha-:, pe.L.ips, pcrfoimed as much aetn e vice
as any officer m the Navy, and dming the late war, win 11
licwos a younger man, the mo--t effluent soivice. an ttie
annals of the eountjy show, Mr. Pie-ident. some tJuee
y«. ars ago, that officer did in the honoi. at our mess in the
cty of Washington, to call one morning to pay a M-it.
The pavements wore covered with ice and i-lcot; and when
lie let't uf. and took Ins leave, he fell upon the pav.nnrnt.
ancl we found him there utterly disabled, i am at libei ty to
pponk of' thi.-<, bceamc it pav?cd under my eye ; and, I am
fiee to admit, made a very powerful appeal to my MmMhih-
tv, although it, was before he had been subjected to the offi-
cial action of the Government.
"Mr BuTLfe-u. was afterwards.
{< Air. Mason. My friend from South Carolina says it
was afterwards. Pcihaps if was. J known made a veiy
strong appeal to inj He tell upon the pave-
ment. was disauled.'and wa- b) ought into the hotr-<e. The
fear vva-, that he had diflocated his .shoulder, and it was
neeessaiy to stnp hi,? clothes nom hi.< shoulder to see the
extent ot' tiie injury 5 and we theie found the honorable
wounds and sca s that he had leceivcd during the war. The
shoulder was utteiiy disabled. The jomt was destroyed.
Thtjpowoi of coufiolhns the aim was gone ; and the maiks
nrd eieatiif'e^ weio upon his peison. He told that, un-
fortunately having lost the control ot that side of hto person,
lie had been unable to preserve )ih balance, and thus fell
upon the pavement. We wtw there the condition of his
person, lie had lost the free and efficient control of the
muscles on that side. Where did he get these wounds ? He
got them, sir, m the preliminary defense of New Oilcans.
1 think I may appeal to my recollection of the history of
that day—it was impressed upon my"mmd at the time—
that it was by the flotilla commanded by this officer that
the whole British fleet was delayed several days 111 its
approach to New Oileans, giving time to General Jackson
to complete his organization. It was in that figlit he was
thus disabled."
That bill for the relief of Commodore Jones
passed the Senate, taking the extraordinary
ground of reviewing the decisions of a legal
court-martial—this body constituting itself a court
of appeals, and setting aside the derision of a
court-martial on Commodore Jones, purely from
sympathy. " On this day I fought the battlc-of
j Zama"—on this mere appeal to our sympathies,
| we constituted ourselves a court of appeals and
; set aside the judgment of a court-martial. Wc
: did it on the representations of the Senator from
Virginia, that this gentleman was physically dis-
abled, having lost the entire use of one side of
his person.
Now, wc have constituted a board to create
a set of naval captains, limiting them to*sixty-
cight, who are competent to command on the high
seas, competent to carry our flag everywhere,
competent to sustain themselves on deck under
any emergencies and contingencies, and not men
to "remain on shore. "We wished to have active
men. Wc limited the number to sixty-eight
active captains, and wc constituted a board of
I naval officers to select them. They come for-
j ward and say, on their judgment, one 011 our old
j list is physically incompetent. Are wc to judge
j better than those who sailed with Commodore
1 Jones, and who have had him m their eye all the
i days of their lives? If we are to judge, have we
5 not evidence before us, have wc not the evidence
produced by the honorable Senator from Virginia
liimself, to show that he is physically incompe-
tent? I believe, though I am not certain of it,
that Commodore Jones has been furloughed.
Mr. MASON. No, sir; he has been retired
on leavc-of-absence pay.
Mr. MALLORY. Then I will say nothing on
that subject. I hope my friend from Virginia
will not insist 011 the construction of the law that
this retirement really confers any degradation.
Why, sir, Commodore Jones receives more pay
than any of the British rear admirals, under this
leave-of-absenee pay. Neither in the incipient
stages of the law, nor in its passage throne h this
House or the other, nor m the instructions of the
Secretary of the Navy, nor in the view of the
1 President, is any degradation conferred. Why,
' sir, selecting a man who has worn himself out 111
honoi\d>1e service, and who is covered with hon-
orable wounds, and putting him with the oldest
captains of the Navy on the retired list, with &2,500
a year, is not to be construed as a mark of degra-
dation.
1 shall not go into the subject further. I only
rose to show some reason, some cause patent here
on our own debates, why the board acted m this
way. X do not know that this is the cause, but
it would have been sufficient cause. I know not
the cause, for I have not conversed with the mem-
bers of tin' boaid. I will say again, that I would
respectfully suggest to this body that discussion
011 this Biibiect is entirely premature. If the whole
subject is to h<j gone into, we shall come here
picparod to discuss it; but! think it would be
proper first to hear the report of the committee.
Mr. MASON. Mr. President, I shall not de-
tain the Senate long; but I think it is due, both to
the honorable officer whose petition I presented
j! and to myself, that I-should advert to some re-
:! marks which have bccnjiwde by the honorable
Senator from Floiida. I understand that Senator
to say, based upon the report of the debate of the
last session which he read, that 1 then contended
that Commodore Jones had lost the use of one
sideofhis person. I think that was his language.
Mr. MALLORY. I read the Senator's words
from the report of the debate.
Mr. MASON. That language is not to be
found in the debate. I remember, perfectly,
that my honorable friend from South Carolina
[Mr. Butler] and myself, in asking the Senate
not to review the action of the court-martial, but
to remit so mucli of its judgment as deprived
I Commodore Jones of his pay for a certain time,
! spoke of his wound, which wo had accidentally
i seen by his falling on the pavement on the ice
near to our house. I spoke of the wound as
having disabled one of his arms, and, his arm
being thus disabled, he was unable to balance his
person and fell. The Senator will find that in the
debate; but there is nothing there to show that
the officer was incapable of service, or was not in
fact just as capable as he was before he received
the wound.
I aid not say, because it escaped me at the time,
what I will now say, that in the battle of gun-
boats off New Orleans in 1814, the fleet of British
boats which Commodore Jones there met was
commanded by a certain Sir Alexander Camp-
bell, who fought on a wooden leg. He was his  
adversary then 011 the active Jist, a captain in the
British scrviee, who fought in that action with a
wooden leg when Commodore Jones received that
wound; and, I am informed, he is now an ad-
miral in the British navy. His opponent, who
was there stricken down on his deck, having lost
one half of his men, has been in the active service
of the country for forty years since that time,
until he is now dechued, as I understand from
the honorable Senator, disabled from activc ser-
vice because of that wound which lie bore 111
active service for forty years.
As to the court-martial, I hardly suppose the
honorable Senator means to say that the board
of naval officers undertook to base their judgment,
disrating this officer and declaring him inefficient,
on the judgment of that court-martial which sat
upon him some three or four years ago, and whose
sentence was remitted after having been 111 part
executed.
The honorable Senator from Florida, who is
the chairman 0^ the Committee 011 Naval Affairs,
said that if Senators would apprise the committee
of their purpose when they introduce their peti-
tions to inquire into the causes why particular
officers were disrated, the committee would prob-
bly have it in their power to answer. I would .
asfc of that honorable Senator where the committee
would get their information ? There is no source
from whence that information can be obtained. It
is buried in the breasts of those officers who con-
stituted the board. Ea^h man might give his indi-
vidual opinion, but could do no more;and m domg
it, nine times out of ten, he would give the wrong
opinion which operated on the majority of the
board. That I consider one of the strongest ob-
: jections to the mode in which the board discharged
thifc duty; for what did they do ? They reported
a list of ! wo hundred and one officers to the Pre si-
dent, recommending that certain of them should be
dropped, others placed on furlough-pay and others
on leave-of-absenee pay, and assigned 110 reason
whatever for thus discriminating between those
officers. The law contemplated that the Execu'ive
should approve or disapprove their report. How
washe to do it? How was it possible for the Presi-
dent to do any more than he did, cither to approve
it in the whole or to reject it in the whole? He
could not discriminate; he could not know thru*
reasons; it was impossible that he could: he must
therefore take it as it stood, or reject it. I think
that is one of the great objections to the mode in
winch the board acted.
The honorable gentleman from Louisiana [Mr.
Bexjamin] protested against any obloquy—I
think that was his language—being thrown on the
members of the naval hoard, because of their
action in this matter. Certainly none came from
me. I said, in relation to the board, that I did not
doubt that a great many of the officers who Went
upon it went upon it conscious that they were
to discharge a most ungrateful, ungracious, and
odious duty, and they did it in obedience to an
order which they were obliged at the peril of
their commissions to obey—an order issuing
from their proper superiors. Yet I did say, seeing
what the board did, (not only in its consequences
in individual wrongs to certain officers, some of
which are admitted, but, in my judgment,, as far
as I could exercise it, in a measure of the most
pernicious i*esults to the naval ^service ond the
naval character,) that the time would come when
some, at least, of those officers would regret that
they did not put their commissions against the
order of the Secretary of the Navy, and ask to be
relieved from the duty: not that tftere is any cen-
sure to be cast upon them—I east none: 1 spoke
of the future. If a board of this kind is to be got
up, to sit in secret to pass on the conduct of offi-
' cers without assigning any reasons, (who can only
