278
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[March 14,
34th Cong....1st Sess. Kansas Contested Election—Mr. Bennett, of Mississippi.
Ho. op Reps.
on the other side seem to think, that because the
sitting Delegate has received the certificate of the
Governor, and his election adjudicated on by the
proper officers of the Government, this House,
therefore, cannot go behind that certificate. But,
we say, that when the Governor of the Territory
has given his certificate to the sitting member,
in pursuance of a law passed by the Legislature
of the Territory, that it is prima facie evidence of J
his right to the seat which he now holds upon
this floor. No, sir; 1 would as soon see Gov-
ernor Reeder take his seat here as the Delegate
of the Territory of Kansas, without color or au- ,
thority of law, as to see the doctrine established J
that the official act of a Governor could prevent
this House from going behind it to ascertain the j
validity of the election of its own members. We
do say that such certificate, made in pursuance of
law and the duties devolving on the Executive,
is, and of right ought to be, primafacie evidence
of the facts therein certified to; and as Reeder
does not, in any way, gainsay the facts contained
in Governor Shannon^ certificate, this House,
without such proof, is estopped from its denial.
We do maintain that there is a point beyond
which this House cannot go in prosecuting its
inquiries. The Legislature of Kansas passed a
law providing for the election 6f a Delegate to
this House. That law is in pursuance of the
organic act extended over the Territory of Kan-
sas. That is the law of the Territory. Under
that law General Whitfield has been elected to
this House. That law, and the election under
it, does, in my opinion, estop this House from
going behind the law and the election, for the 1
purpose of making inquiry as to the legality ol(B
authority of the law-making power, in conse-
quence of irregularity in their elections; not be-
cause of the old and strict technical rule of estop-
pel, but*because the question of the legality of
the acts of that Legislature having been properly ,,
adjudicated, this House cannot go behind its
acts, unless we assume to exercise appellate pow-
ers over the action of the Territorial Legislature
which the Constitution of the United States has
not conferred upon us. To the exercise of any
such power, I am utterly opposed. My every
inclination is to keep, so far as in me lies, the
coordinate branches of this Government within
the strictest limits of the exercis#bf their respect-
ive delegated powers.
Sir, by the organic act of Kansas the President
of the United States has the power to recognize
the existence of a Legislature in Kansas. He
may acknowledge its existence, and the act of the
President in the exercise of such power is binding
upon the judicial tribunals of the country. The ;
judicial tribunal of the country can only act in '
obedience to the legislative power. They can
only act.upon existing laws. They cannot create
laws nor determine upon the existence of another
branch of the Government; but they can act
upon laws when enacted by the proper author-
ities of the Government. No principle is better
settled. When Cromwell, the usurper, was driven
from the throne, and Charles the Second rein-
stated, the acts and judicial adjudications were
recognized as valid. It has been so from the
earliest history of civilization. But, because the
President of the United States can alone recog-
nize and acknowledge the existence of a Gov-
• ernor and Legislative Assembly in the Territo-
ries, and that his acknowledgment is binding
upon the judicial tribunals,it does not follow that
the courts of the country may, for themselves,
independently of any other branch of Govern-
ment, determine many questions that may be pre-
sented for their adjudication. Ours is a complex
form of government. The various departments
of the Government are dependent, in many re-
spects, upon each other, and independent in
others. Under the Constitution of the United
States, if Congress shall adjudge an individual
member here entitled to his seat, right or wrong,
there is no power in the Government authorized
to annul that adjudication; and with the States
and territorial governments the judicial tribunals
may determine, independently, many questions,
and their decisions become binding upon Con-
gress, binding upon the Executive, and binding
upon all the other coordinate branches of Govern-
ment. But it is only in those cases where that
power is expressly conferred T^on it; and, sir,
whenever any of th<? departments of the Govern-
ment shall assume powers not expressly dele-
gated, they trespass, and may be considered as
wrong doers upon the reserved rights of others.
Sir, what was the question raised in the cele-
, brated Dorr case ? They simply determined that
the judicial tribunals of the country had no juris-
diction over the matter; that it was a question
of political power which the political tribunals of
the country had to determine.
But , upon what principle do you propose that we
shall in this case adjudicate this question? Vio-
late the established practice of the Government,
and decide that we shall have jurisdiction, when
the courts of the country, if the case was before
them for adjudication, would deny you the right
ad limitatio to send for men and papers to Kansas ?
Do you propose that we shall send for men and
papers without limit, to prove—what fact ? What
do you propose to prove ? There is not a single
allegation contained in Governor Reeder's me-
morial—not a single specification of any fact
which he proposes to prove by sending for men
and papers admitting all he states—if here and
the facts proved—that would establish his right
to a seat in this body as Delegate from Kansas.
What is it you propose to do ? Is it a random
shot by which you propose to elicit anything
new, or is it a shot fired against slavery and slave
institutions? When have we heard a speech of
fifteen minutes in length by any gentlem&n on the
other side of the House, without urging, as one
of the strongest reasons for sending for men and
papers, that Kansas ought of right to be a free
State? We have been called the oligarchy of
slavery. In short, that we are here only for the
purpose of propping up the sinking fortunes of
the President, who has, in accordance with the
Constitution of this country, recognized the polit-
ical rights of every portion of this Confederacy.
I say to gentlemen that, when they make that
charge they do us great injustice, and most sland-
erously do violence to our motives. If they will
look tq^the manifestations of the popular mind in
sustaining the acts of the President, they will see
the utter groundlessness of the charge, and to
what extent fanatical feelings of gentlemen may
be led when they make their own distorted imagin-
ations the source from which they derive their
facts.
Sir, this is a grave question which is now pre-
sented for the consideration of this House, and it
should be determined without party bias. Let
me ask, has any party toad been permitted to
squat itself in this Hall, and whisper its poison-
ous breath of party in the ear of any member
upon this floor? If so, let us string our bows, and
drive, with hisses and scorn, all such influences
tropi this Hall. Let no one on this floor be so
much deluded as to suppose he is to act for party;
that our party is in danger. We are called upon
to determine this question under oath. Let us act
upon it—upon its merit, and upon the facts as
they are presented to usj let us determine it in
accordance with the truth—in accordance with
the law and the facts in the case. Let us act for
truth, and truth's sake, upon this most important
question.
But, sir, how stands the fact on the other side
of the House ? They tell us that the sitting Del-
egate is not entitled to his seat in this body, be-
cause he was not elected under any law—that
there is no Legislature in existence in the Terri-
tory of Kansas, and that the whole pretended
legislation is null and absolutely void.
Now, sir, if that be so, how comes it that the
Committee on Territories have introduced a bill
to annul certain acts of the Legislature of Kan-
sas? Where is the necessity of abolishing any
laws enacted by the Territorial Legislature of
Kansas, when you maintain no valid Legislature
exists there? Do that party suppose they can
shield themselves by such flimsy pretenses from
the scrutiny of a just public? Do they suppose
that justice, even-handed justice, should not be
administered by the sworn members on this floor?
adjudicating this question of vital interest, and of
the utmost importance to the rights and interests
ot individuals, and of the most momentous im-
portance to the rights and liberties of the people
of Jiansas? that everything—law, evidence and
justice—all are to be surrendered upon the altar
of party? that these questions are to be determ-
ined by party, and that we are governed by
party at the command of party behest? Do they
suppose that by these this cause is to be adjudged?
Tell us not that we fear investigation, when by
your solemn act on this floor you admit that the
very thing you urge as the necessity for sending
for men and papers is a mere pretense, and there
is no foundation for its truth; or else why the
grave proposition to annul that law which you
claim is a nullity, inoperative, and absolutely
void? I appeal to the consistency of gentle-
men. Why is it you invoke the extraordinary
power of this Government to send for men and
papers in Kansas, when every man on this floor
must know that essential good to the country
never will, or can, by the remotest possibility,
i result by adopting such a policy? Are southern
! men to be insulted by the incoherent declamations
' of gentlemen against slavery or slave institutions?
And are we to De informed that whatever may be
the issue—however solemn and important the
question—the only rule of adjustment is to be de-
pendent on your unceasing hostility to slavery?
If blood shall continue to flow upon the conse
crated soil of Kansas, in the name of that people
I lay the blame at your doors. Your course here
is well calculated to urge still further outrage, vio-
lence, and resistance to the constituted authori-
ties of Kansas. If violence and disregard to law
is continued in Kansas, the extraordinary course
pursued by the opposition in this House is justly
responsible to the country. Sir, if the proper
and legal course had been adopted by Congress,
promptly and without delay, peace and concord
would have followed, instead of brother against
brother being now arrayed in warlike attitude
and preparation for civil discord. The excited
mind would have been quieted, and domestic
peace and quiet would now prevail. But, sir, the
inflammatory speeches which have gone to Kan-
sas from members on this floor, like fire-brands
thrown into the fierce civil strife in Kansas, have
encouraged men there, amid the shrieks of women
and children, to steep their hands in their broth-
er's blood. Why is it, sir, that gentlemen at-
tempt to incumber this question with others hav-
ing no bearing upon it? The charge, sir, that the
South has been led on by pro-slavery motives, is
wanton and groundless; but, sir, the opposition
on this floor know no right, no law—nothing ex-
cept hostility to slavery.
But, the other day, Mr. Speaker, the gentleman
from Massachusetts [Mr. Trafton] undertook
to read the House a lecture on the morality of
slavery. That gentleman has seen proper to draw
his pious lance in defense of Massachusetts aid
societies. I will say to the gentleman, that his-
knighthood would have been much more praise-
worthy if that lance had been drawn in defense
j of insulted and outraged females, whose inno-
cence and privacy were insulted and disregarded
at the behests of a lawless mob.
, Your emigrant aid societies, which, in imita-
tion of the Legislature of your State, go to Kan-
sas to violate the law of the land, are schooled,
sir, at home to violate law and resist the consti-
tuted authorities. It comes with an ill grace from
the pious gentleman from Massachusetts to speak
so feelingl y upon the subject of discord and violence
m Kansas. There is one other theme to which I
will invite his attention, that may be more fruitful
ana quite as well suited to his eloquent and pious
lectures. Tell this House, and the country, how
much blood has been shed in Massachusetts in
resisting the execution of the laws of the Federal
Government. Yes, sir, tell the country of the
mobs and armed forces in Massachusetts, that
have been employed in resisting the reclamation
of fugitives by_their owners; and who have re-
sisted the constituted authorities of the country.
^Not only have your people been encouraged to
resist law and order, but, sir, your Legislature,
filled with men who profess to be called of God
to proclaim glad tidings to all mankind, acting
under the sanction of an oath in the solemn ca-
pacity of legislators, have seen proper to enact
on their statute-book a law pledging themselves,
and requiring of those vested with the authority
to execute the.laws, to resist and disobey the
a Legislature that has dared to drive men from
