1856.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
279
34th Cong.... 1st Sess. Kansas Contested Election—Mr. Bennett, of Mississippi.
Ho. of Reps.
legislation of the Congress of the United States—
office who had the moral courage to discharge a
legal and sworn duty. Was it not reasonable,
sir, to suppose that such men, sent out to Kansas,
would imitate your example in resisting all law,
regardless of justice and right, if, in the slightest
degree, it conflicted with their fanatical and mis-
guided opinions upou the subject of slavery?
Massachusetts has sown to the winds, and is now
in Kansas reaping the whirlwind. They have
disregarded law, and yet the gentleman appeals to
us, in behalf of morality, of peace, and harmony,
to stay the civil discord and revolution in Kansas!
Go home, sir, and raise your eloquent voice in
Massachusetts. Tell them to wipe out from their
statute-book your unjust and iniquitous laws;
yes, sir, tell them to repeal the law removing an
honest judge from office, because, in obedience to
law and his oath, he delivered to your brother in
the South his property; strike from your statutes
your enactment refusing the officers of the law
the use of your jails and prisons for the impris-
onment of our stolen or runaway property; wipe
from your statute-book that act imposing a fine
and imprisonment upon your southern brother
who enters the limits of your State to demand his
property; blot out that law imposing a fine and
imprisonment against those who were called upon
by the constituted authorities to aid in the due
execution of the laws; strike out that law declaring
the fugitive slave law, passed in express obedience
to the provisions of the Constitution, null and void;
and blot out your resolutions sending your law-
less mob to insult female innocence; tear them from
your statute-books as an incubus; yes, strike out
those iniquitous laws passed by your holy men of
God, and repent in sackcloth and ashes that they
ever had a place in the legislative archives of the
land of a Webster; and ask that they be remem^"
' bered against you no more forever. Bid thepeople,
schooled and sent to Kansas, to cease violence and
bloodshed, to return and learn peace and order,
and the observance of law; and then, sir, and not
till then, will we give ear to your reasonings in
- these Halls in relation to the deeds and influ-
ences of the oligarchy of slavery in the South.
Desecrate not the names and memories of our
Puritan fathers in your comparisons .with those
lawless mobs sent to Kansas, who have disre-
fard^d all law, order, and every principle of
umanity in instigating in that Territory civil
discord of brother against brother. Your Mas-
sachusetts aid societies have caused the sword of
civil discord to be steeped in fratricidal blood,
and that, too, in resisting the constituted author-
ities in Kansas—your aid societies, conceived
in sin and brought forth in guilt, the. very exist-
ence of which were intended as a fraud upon the
. rights of the South, and intended forcibly to de-
prive the South, of a fair and equal participation
in the Territory common to the whole people of
this Union. You tell us of the Yazoo speculation
or emigration society in Georgia; go, sir, and
tell Massachusetts to do as Georgia did—to collect
the iniquitous acts of her State Legislature and
make a bonfire" of its wickedness; offer it up
as a burnt-offering upon the altar of justicee,
and ask absolution for State dishonor and cor-
ruption.
Let the pious Templar of the Massachusetts aid
societies cause Massachusetts to wipe out the
national stain from her escutcheons, and atone
for her wrongs and State degradation, and bring
fruits meet for repentance; and I pledge myself
that none will be more ready and willing to for-
give than the South; but think not to enjoy our
friendship and share our confidence, until you
shall have repealed "the wrong done us, and atone
for the insult offered. ,
know that fanaticism has swayed and directed
public mind, and demagogism has contrib-
uted to fix permanently there this delusion; yet
I feel certain there exists in the masses in Mas-
sachusetts a real sense of justice, that will arouse
them from the error of their way, and ere long
reason and justice will triumph over bigotry ana
fanaticism, and justice will be done to the South,
even if the heavens shall fall.
Mr. Speaker, we do not claim in the Legisla-
ture of Kansas to determine the election and qual-
ification of its own members—that it is an inherent
power in the Legislature to do so. We are not
driven to that necessity, although it may be main-
tained to the satisfaction of every legal mind here.
We say that Congress has conferred on the Ter-
ritorial Legislature power to judge oftheelections,
returns, and qualifications of its own members.
] Not only so, but the Governor by the organic act
had that power conferred on him expressly; and
j in obedience to the law, he exercised it. We say
that the GovernorandLegislature having determ-
ined this question for themselves, whether right
or wrong, Governor Reeder, General Whitfield,
and everybody else are estopped and cannot go
behind it. The certificate of Governor Shannon
: is prima facie evidence, and we cannot go behind
it, unless we have some evidence before us to re-
i but that prima facie showing; and that we have
I not, nor is it proposed to be proven. But if we
ascertain that Whitfield is here in violation of
laws passed by the Legislature, then it would be
our duty as honest men, aside from party, aside
from slavery, aside from emigrant aid societies,
to seek and establish justice, and do that which
is right by refusing him his seat.
It is not necessary to call attention to the vari-
ous cases which have been cited here to show
how we are to determine this question. What
principle are we to adopt? Is it proposed that
we shall be governed by legal rules; or is it pro-
posed that we should investigate without law, or
in obedience to law ? Can we not arrive at the
object which we seek without resort to this
extraordinary power to send for persons and
papers?
Admitting, for the sake of the argument, that
Reeder has stated facts that would authorize this
investigation, (which he has not done,) it would*
be, in my opinion, a wanton outrage to resort to
this extraordinary policy of sending for persons
and papers, when all the facts can as readily be
elicited and brought before the House by the
adoption of the resolution now presented, of ap-
pointing commissioners to take the evidence that
may be presented, to establish the facts in rela-
tion to the legality of the election of Whitfield
under the territorial law; for, behind that, no man
will contend we can go, having the slightest re-
gard for the rules of law and common sense.
And what do the records and papers in Kansas
contain that will prove essential to eliciting the
truth in this case ? What is the purport of the
papers? No man has asserted, and Reeder him-
self does not assert, that they contain anything
which will be of the slightest importance. If,
then, you propose to prove nothing by those pa-
pers, and records, and witnesses, why do you
propose to confer this extraordinary power to
send for them ? I ask you by what rule it is you
expect to invoke this power? Why incur this
enormous expense ? Is it to deprive Whitfield of
his seat?
I have already stated that there can be no Dele-
gate upon this floor if Whitfield should be re-
moved; and there is no contestant who can show
his election under the act of the Legislature of
Kansas. If this be so, under the rules of law,
the testimony which you propose to bring here
would not be admissible before this House. Then
I ask why should a process of this extraordinary
character go forth ? Why this enormous expend-
iture to the country ? Is it merely, as they say,
to quiet the public mind in Kansas ? Let me tell
gentlemen upon the other side, that they must
propose some rule of law by which they will be
governed. You must be governed either by the
rules of the courts of law or equity. Do you pro-
pose to invoke the rules of the court of chancery,
and to be governed by its adjudications ? If you
do, let me tell the Free-Soil party in Kansas, and
Governor Reeder, their memorialist here, that one
of the fundamental principles of that court is, that
the party invoking its aia for redreSs of wrongs
must come before the court with clean hands, and
free from all connection with the fraud of the case
which he proposes to redress. No blame must be
atReeder'sdoor. You must be governed by some
rules. If not by the rules of chancery, then it
must be by the rules of the common law courts.
Because we sit here as a legislative body it does not
follow that we must not be governed by the same
rules of law by which judicial tribunals are gov-
erned, in the adjudication of this question. Then I
appeal to the gentlemen on the other side to say by
wnat rule do you invoke the extraordinary power
of this House to send for persons and papers ?
Why persist in this mode? Do you expect to
deprive Whitfield of his seat? According to the
adjudications of every court, from the beginning
of judicial proceedings down to the latest adjudi-
cation, you cannot deprive Whitfield of his seat,
unless it be for some irregularity, or illegality in
the election under the law, defective return, or
want of qualification in the person elected.
The case adjudicated in 6 Cranch's Reports is
conclusive upon this point. It was proposed in
that case that the members of the Georgia Legis-
lature, in making a grant of land, were actuated
by corrupt and fraudulent motives. The court
(Chief Justice Marshall) held that you could not
go behind the law; the party was estopped from
setting up any fact previous to the enactment of
the law. The principle is a wise one; and to dis-
regard it we would not only unsettle all the vested
rights acquired, but we would bastardize every
child born in theTerritory where the marriage has
taken place under the act. There may be vested
political rights as well as personal, and, if essen-
tial to the well-being of society, they should be
regarded and respected.
Sojealous is the law of the rights of individuals,
that if a man transfers a supposed interest, hav-
ing none at the time, he will not be permitted
afterwards to be heard—to setup a claim against
the party claiming under it; and so in the case of
a tenant—he will never be permitted to call in
question the title of his landlord; and in many
cases, where a man stands by and permits another
to purchase, thereby neglecting to set up his own
claim, he will be estopped from afterwards doing
so. Indeed, the principles governing this case are
so analogous to every principle of common sense,
law, and justice, that nothing seems to me neces-
: sary to be added to convince every man that there
i exists objects and feelings governing this case,
' aside from the investigation on its merits, which
I leave to be passed upon by a just and discrim-
inating public.
Reeder stood by and witnessed the whole pro-
ceedings of the election; gave certificates to the
members; and, when they took their seats, he ad-
dressed them as the constitutionally-organized
Legislature of the Territory of Kansas.. He sent
a message to them; but because they removed the
seat of government from the place designated by
him, he afterwards refused to recognize them as
the constitutional Legislature of Kansas. Upon
what ground could he do that ? The Legislature
had the power of choosing its place of meeting.
They did so by law. The temporary seat was
fixed at Fort Leavenworth, ana the Governor
had the power to convene them at such other
places he might adjudge proper. He did so con-
vene them at Pa^ee City, a place at which, it
is said, Reeder had an interest. The act of 1855
—the act of Congress making an appropriation
for the public buildings for the Territory of Kan-
sas—provided that the Legislature, previous to
the appropriation of the money, should perma-
nently fix the seat of government.. Then, if the
Legislature, -under the- territorial law, had the
power to fix the seat of government, and did so,
and then passed a law, under which Whitfield
was elected, I ask what pretense there is that
Whitfield is not entitled to a seat here ? Tell
me not that this question is to be decided by the
South or by the North. Tell me not that your
prejudices are to be invoked in the determination
of this question by saying that the South—'the
negro-holders of the South—are influenced in
their votes in favor of Whitfield because of his
pro-slavery sentiments. Let me say to gentlemen
that they mistake the feelings of southern men
when they make such a charge. I hurl back the
charge as slanderous and untrue—as groundless,
and without foundation. No man upon this floor
from the South, I am satisfied, can be actuated by
any motives, save that cf regard to justice and
law, in the determination of this question. I
appeal to the common sense of every gentleman
upon this floor to answer me, when before was
such a case ever presented in the Congress of the
United States? A man presents his certificate
