1016
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 24,
time; and this is the very one which, in my
opinion, ought to be disposed of at once. I insist
on my motion to postpone it until Monday, and
make it the special order for one o'clock.
Mr. BROWN. I move to amend the motion
by saying " half past one o'clock."
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
will pat the question on the longest time. ,
Mr. BIGGS. I desire .to state to the Senate
that I have no preference about this matter at all.
I entirely concur -with the suggestions which have
been made, that it is desirable to have this ques-
tion disposed of at the earliest day. I am pre-
pared to go on at any time, and I now notify the
Senate, in consequence of a remark which has
been made by the honorable Senator from South
Carolina, that I shall not indulge in any cross in-
dictments or other indictments. My purpose is
t  condense my remarks as short as possible on
the general subjects now before the Senate. In
regard to the suggestion of the honorable Sena-
tor from Tennessee, I have only to state that it
wil^afford me great pleasure to give way, either
temporarily or permanently, to any Senator who
may desire to address the Senate on a question
in which he feels a deep personal interest.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on the motion to postpone the further consid-
eration of this subject until Monday, at half past
one o'clock.
The motion was agreed to.
MESSACE FROM THE HOUSE.
A message from the House of Representatives,
by Mr. CtrLLOM, their Clerls, announced the pas-
sage of a bill creating- Columbus, in the Slate of
Kentucky, a port of delivery.
On motion, the Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Thursday, Jlpril 24, 185G.
The House met at twelve o'clock, m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. Daniel Waldo.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
The SPEAKER stated the first business in order
to be the reception of reports from the Committee
on Commerce.
Mr. BRENTON. I ask the unanimous consent
of the House to take from the Speaker's table
House bill No. 8, with the Senate amendments
thereto, for the purpose of having it referred to
the Committee on Public Lands.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I object, and call
for the regular order of business.
The SPEAKER. The regular order of busi-
ness is the reception of reports from the Commit-
tee on Commerce.
Mr. KNIGHT. I would ask the gentleman
from Tennessee to withdraw his objection, so as
to allow me to ofi'er the l ('solution which I pre-
sented the other day. I wish to leave the city.
Mr. JONES. I have just objected to taking
up a bill out of its regular order—a bill which I
introduced into this House, which was passed
without objection, which has come back from the
Senate with amendments, and which is more im-
portant to the widows of revolutionary soldiers
than any other bill you can pass. I objected to
it, because I have refused to withdraw my ob-
jection to anything out of the regular order of
business, on the appeal of friends to let them re-
port bills, until the committees are called,and we
get down to the Committee for the District of
Columbia, from which the gentleman from Mis-
sissippi [Mr. Rr.\'\t.tt] wishes to report a bill.
Mr. SAGE. As I notice that tws or three j
gentlemen of the Committee on Commerce who :
have bills to report are not in their seats, I move ;
a call of the House for the purpose of giving i
these gentlemen an opportunity of getting in and :
taking care of their business. i
Mr. MATTESON. On that motion I call for
the yeas and nays. ;
The yeas and nays were ordered. i
The question was taken; and it was decided in i
the negative—yeas 20, nays 97; as follows;
YEAS — Messrs. Henry Bennett, Burlmjanie, dawson,
D.imrell, Henry Winter Davis, Dodd, Galloway, Green-
wood,.!. Morrison Harris, Hotlman, ilojloway, liake, Mat-
teson, Noifoil. ileade, Sage, Saudirige, Hliortei, fjninner
and WaMron—JO.
\A Yn—Messrs. Aiken, Albright, Barclay, Barksdale,
Hendley a. Bennett, Benson, Bliss, Bradtiiaw, ilicutou,
Broom, Buflinton, Burnett, Carlile,Caskie, Chaffee, Cling-
man, Howell Cobb, Williamson R. W. Cobb, Cragin,
Craige, Crawford, Cumback, Davidson, Timothy Davis,
Dean, Edmundson, Elliott, Erarie, Foster, Giddings, Gil-
bert, Goode, Grow, Augustus Hall, Sampson W. Harris,
Harrison, Haven, Hughston, George W. Jones, Kelly, Kel-
sey, Kidwell, Knapp, Knight, Knowlton, Knox, Xunkel,
Leiter, Letcher, Mace, Humphrey Marshal], Maxwell,
Smith Miller, Morgan, Morrill, Murray, Nichols, Paine,
Peek, Pelton, Perry, Phelps, Pike, Porter, Pringle,Puryear,
Quitman, Ready, Richardson, Ritchie, Robison, Ruffin,
Sabin, Sapp, Scott, Seward, Sneed, Stanton, Swope, Tap-
pan, Thorington, Thurston, Trippe, Tyson, Vail, Valk,
Wakeman, Walker, Warner, Ellihu B. Washbume, Israel
Washburn, Watson, Wheeler, Whitney, Williams, Wood-
ruff, and John V. Wright—97.
So a call of the House was not ordered.
REPORTS FROM COMMITTEES.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois, reported from
the Committee on Commerce a bill to continue
the improvement of the Illinois river; which was
read a first and second time, referred to the Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union,
and ordered to be primed.
PORT OF DELIVERY.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. The Com-
mittee on Commerce, to whom was referred a
resolution of the House directing it to inquire
into the expediency of reporting a bill for the
purpose of establishing a port of delivery at
Columbus, Kentucky, has directed me to report
back a bill for that purpose and to ask to have it
put upon its passage. I will send to the Clerk's
table and have read a letter on the subject from
the Secretary of the Treasury.
The bill creating Columbus, in Kentucky, a
poit of delivery was read a first and second
time.
The bill was then read in extenso. It provides
for constituting Columbus, in the State of Ken-
tucky, a port of delivery in the district of New
Orleans, under the same regulations usually ap-
plied to such bills, with the further provision that
it shall be the duty of the Secretary of the Treas-
ury to discontinue said port of delivery whenever
m his judgment the public service shall no longer
require its further continuance.
Mr. BURNETT. It will be seen,'from the
reading of the bill, that the Secretary of the
Treasury is authorized to discontinue this port
of delivery, if the House shall pass the bill,
whenever in his opinion the public service no
longer requires its continuance. The object of
establishing a port of delivery at this point is to
allow the Ohio and Mobile Railroad Company to
bond their iron at Columbus, which is the north-
ern terminus of the road. Unless the bill is passed
at once, the object of the bill will be defeated. I
hope the House will pass the bill.
Mr. MORGAN, it lias become the fashion to
establish ports of delivery at every point where
there happens to be a little piece of railroad. I see
no reason why Congress should establish ports
of delivery at a thousand different places all over
the country, for the purpose of accommodating
railroad companies. I hope the bill will not
pass.
Mr. WALKER. It seems to me that a very
few words in addition to what has been said by
the gentleman from Kentucky will satisfy the
House that it will commit no indiscretion by
putting the bill on its passage at this time.
Mr. WASHBURNE. I ask that the letter
from the Secretary of the Treasury on the sub-
ject may be read.
The letter was read, as follows:
Treasury Department, 18o6.
Sir: I hart the honor to receive your letter of tile 9t!i in-
stant, inclosing absolution or tne House ot Repieseuta-
tivf-J, which instiucts the Committee oil Commerce to
inquire into the expediency of establishing a poit of delivciy
at Columbus, Kentucky, and you request on belialt of said
coniniutt.se an expression ot the views of the Department
on the subject
111 reply I beg leave to state that the railroad now being
cou-tiuctert, lion) the mouth of the Ohio river to Mobile,
tout lies at Columbus. This road connocts at tile former
place iviiu the Illinois Cunual io,id;and maid of both loads
giants ot laud were made to the States oi Alabama and [ill-
ten- by the act or -jtilh of September, 18-iO.
Tne railioad company are desirous ol landing their iron
at Columbus, anil warehousing it, and pawng the duties
from tune to time, as it is witiidiawn loi 'tlie'puipose of
being laid down ; and as this eari only be done at a poit of
entry or delivery, and under the supervision of an officer of
tile custom-', tile establishment ef a port ol delivery at Co-
lumbus would be of great convenience to tiie company.
It is hot probable that any other dutiable goods would be
reeewed at this place ; but the railroad iron reijuned by the
railroad company at Columbus would, perhaps, ju.-.tity its
being made a port of delivery, at least during the time for
which said iron should be received and in warehouse.
The resolution is returned.
I am, very respectfully, JAMES GUTHRIE,
Secretary •/ the Treasury.
Mr. WALKER. It seems to me that the letter
which has just been read at the Clerk's table
should of itself be sufficient to satisfy the House
of the propriety of passing this bill. But, sir, I beg
leave to make a very brief statement to the House,
which, I trust, coupled with the letter which has
just been read, and with the remarks of the gen-
tleman from Kentucky, [Mr. Burnett,] will
induce the House to allow the bill at once to
This road, commencing at Mobile, runs par-
tially through the State of Alabama, crossing
the States of Mississippi and Tennessee, and
piercing the State of Kentucky, and terminating
at Columbus, on the Ohio river. It must event-
ually connect with the Illinois Central railroad,
and thence with Chicago, and, by the branch of
that road connecting with the Fond du Lac and
its extension, will form a complete chain of road
from Mobile to some point on Lake Superior.
The charters of this road were given by the four
States of Mississippi, Alabama, Tennessee, and
Kentucky; and, if 1 am not mistaken, one or two
of them require the iron to be laid on certain dis-
tinct sections of the road at specified points in its
construction. For instance, the charter of the
State of Alabama requires that the iron shall be
laid on certain sections of the road lying within
that State. This is required in order to insure a
full and complete cooperation on all sections, so
far as the stockholders are concerned. Thechartcr
given by the State of Kentucky also, I think, re-
quires that the iron shall be laid on the northern
terminus of the road.
The State of Tennessee has a general law for
the purpose of encouraging this class of internal
improvements. That State, by a certain railroad
law, has declared that the Governor is authorized
to issue his bonds for the benefit of the road at the
rate of $19,000 per mile, whenever a section of
twenty miles has been placed in a condition for
laying tile rails.
Now, sir, unless this bill passes, and Colum-
bus, at the northern terminus of the road, is made
a port of delivery, so that the iron landed there can
be bonded at that point, the lower end of the road
must be burdened with the whole dutiable taxes
of the entire length of the road. The whole of
it must be bonded at Mobile. It seems to me
that there can be no reasonable objection to the
passage of this bill; and I trust it may be passed
at once. To test the sense of the House on the
subject, I demand the previous question.
Mr. MORGAN. I ask the gentleman from
Alabama to withdraw his demand for the previ-
ous question for one moment, to enable me to
ask a question.
Mr. WALKER. I will withdraw it for that
purpose.
Mr. MORGAN. This iron comes, I suppose,
in some foreign vessel, or at least from some
foreign point. At what point has "it to be
transhipped?
Mr. WALKER. At NewOileans.
Mr. MORGAN. It is landed first at New
Orleans and is there transhipped. I do not
see, therefore, why it may not be carricd from
thence to Columbus without additional duties
being paid. There is, consequently, no necessity
for a port of delivery at Columbus.
Mr. WALKER. It must be bonded some-
where.
Mr. MORGAN. Well, sir, the additional
expense would be very trifling.
Mr. WALKER. I will state to the gentleman
that the company at the lower or southern portion
of the road are now landing their iron at Mobile;
and, in the next two or three months, the iron
landed by them will cost §600,000 or $700,000.
This is only for that portion of the road; so that
the gentleman will see that the expense is by no
means small. I renew the call for the previous
question.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered to be put.
The bill was then ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time; and, being engrossed, it was
read a third time.
Mr. MORGAN demanded the yeas and nays
on the passage of the bill.
