290
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 24,
desire to be understood as anxious to open it to the
fullest extent for inquiry in every case. But still,
I am decidedly in favor of leaving to the Execu-
tive the responsibility of his proper duties, while
we here confine ourselves to those which belong
to ourselves—namely, those which are of a legis-
lative nature only.
Mr. BUTLER. Mr. President, in what I pro-
pose to say now, I shall confine myself in good
faith strictly to a few words of explanation; for
I agree with many who have made the sugges-
tion, that this,debate is out of order. Perhaps,
upon the proper occasion, when my friend from
Florida—the chairman of the Committee on Naval
Affairs—shall bring in his report, I may offer
such amendments as, in my judgment, the occa-
sion shall call for; but what I rose mainly to say
now, was that my friend from Florida took an
isolated remark of mine, and did not give the
proem.^1 said, in the beginning of the remarks
which I made last year, m regard to the remis-
sion^ the sentence which had been passed on
Commodore Jones, that my friend from Virginia
knew that it was with great difficulty I had come
to the conclusion to join him in that application.
Now, so far as I can gather from the tenor of
my remarks then,as I have read them, instead of
intending by the vote which I then gave, or by
the action of the Senate which I invoked, to re-
verse the sentence of the court-martial under
which Commodore Jones was suffering, 1 put it
expressly on the ground of an honorable pardon
in so many words.
Sir, m the very language that I then used, (for
I wish to be correct on this subject,) I said that,
whilst I was attempting to do what I regarded as
an act of justice to a worthy officer, I would not
do injustice to the court-martial, rind I would be
very far from making such remarks as would
sustain Commodore Jones even m the complaint
that this sentence was unjust. There stand my
remarks.
Now, with regard to the passing remarks which
I made on that occasion,! nope my friend will not
review all of the.m, for perhaps they will not stand
the ordeal; but, sir, Commodore Jones's applica-
tion to have his sentence remitted happened to be
about the same month and at the time when he
fought the battle of New Orleans; and I did then
say,perhaps in order to give what I said a stronger
impression, that Commodore Jones, mutilated as
he had been in that engagement upon the very
month when the application was made here, might
come before the Senate of the United States as
Scipio did before the Roman Senate, when he
was arraigned Oil charges, and say, "This is the
day on which I fought the battln of Zama."
Mr. BROWN. Mr. President, I am not going
to engage in this discussion, ospocially 011 the
points which lmvo boon introduced; but it does
appear to me that there seems to be a purpose to
produce the belief in the public mind that the
officers who have been displaced arc thereby, in
some mode, discredited. I took occasion, the
other day, to say that I did not think so, and that
I was at a loss to determine why others should
think so. Sir, js every man who is turned out
of office by the President, and who as.si«ns no
reasons for turning him out, disgraced thereby?
Scarcely a day passes that the President does not
send in nominations here of A, R, and C to
office in piace of D, E, and F, removed; and lie
gives to the displaced officers no reason why they
were displaced, nor does he give to the Senate
or the country any reasons for displacing them.
Tlfey are discharged simply because the remov-
ing power thinks they are not as efficient as
others might be.
Now, suppose that instead of this law having
provided for a board, Congress, as it unquestion-
ably had the right to do, had directed that the
President himself should discharge such as were
wholly inefficient, furlough those who were a
iittie more efficient, and retire those who did not
come up to the highest standard, and retain only
those who were perfect. Suppose this duty, in-
stead of having buen confided to the naval board,
as a mere advisory hoard, had been imposed on
the President, ana he had done precisely what !
has been doue by the board with his consent and !
approval, could you have called on the President i
to assign reasons why he dismissed this man or !
the other from office? Suppose he had, of his 1
©wn will, stricken A and B from the roll, and !
sent m the nominations of C and D to take their
places on the roll, would the officers thus dis-
missed have been disgraced ?
It seems to me that the board was simply an
advisory board to the President, made so by law,
instead of having been so constituted by the
President of his own will. The President has
approved what they have done; and you have as
much right to call on the President to assign
reasons why he approved of the action of the
board, as you have to call on the board to assign
reasors why they recommended to the President
to do Ihus or so. No man dismissed, in my judg-
ment can be dishonored by the act of the Presi-
dent or of the board.
Mr. POSTER. Mr. President, I am charged
with the presentation of a memorial from an offi-
cer on this subject, which it will take but a mo-
ment to present, and which will not interfere
with the debate, if gentlemen see fit to indulge
in it.
The PRESIDENT. There is a question pend-
ing on the motion of the Senator from Tennessee,
to take up the resolution to which he has referred.
Mr. FOSTER. I propose to present a memo-
rial from a naval officer, and it will not interfere
with the debate 011 that resolution.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I give way to the
Senator from Connecticut.
Mr. FOSTER. Air. President, I desire to pre-
sent the memorial of James Thomas McDonough,
late a lieutenant in the naval scrvice, who resides
in Middletown, in the State of Connecticut. He
states that ho entered the Navy in 1826 as a mid-
shipman, and that it was then his intention to
devote the remainder of his life to the service of
his country; that he continued faithfully, to the
best of his ability, to do so, for a period of twenty
years, when, in consequence of injuries to his
health received in the service, he became inca-
pacitated for the performance of active duty in
his profession. He continued thus until the last
year, when, without noticc, without a hearing,
without a trial, he was dropped from the service
and his name stricken from the rolls of the Navy.
He states further, that at his present period of
life, even if he were not physically incapable,
which he is, of resorting to other modes of sub-
sistence, he at the present time has no mode by
which to procure a decent livelihood. He has
no nearer relatives than the children of the late
Commodore McDonough, into whose family he
was received when a youth.
He asks that the facts sets forth in his petition
may be investigated, and that if they are found
to be true, which he is confident they will be, he
'will be restored so far to his position in the Navy
as to be placed on theretiredlist, with such moans
of support simply as will save himself from being
a burden upon his friends or a charge upon the
public.
I said that I did not propose to make any com-
ments upon the merits of this case. I do not. I
shall move that it be referred to the Committee
on Naval Affairs; and I have full confidence that
that committee will recommend such action as
may be just and liberal toward this officer. I
may be pardoned for adding that it would seem
to me to be a reproach to the Senate, if an appli-
cation of this description, coming from a man
bearing the name of McDonough, and closely
allied by relationship to him whose gallant deeds
shed so bright a luster on the Navy and on his
country, should not be entertained in a spirit not
merely of simple justice, but of generosity.
The memorial was referred to the Committee
on Naval Affairs.
Mr. PEARCE. I present the memorial of
Captain Joseph Smoot, of the United States Navy,
praying relief from the action of the late naval
board. This gentleman states that he entered
the Navy in 1809. He served under Lawrence
and Biddle, and was in the two gallant'actions in
which the Hornetand the Penguin were captured.
He has been altogether about twenty-five years
in sea scrvice, and he has rendered much service
on shore. He has a sound constitution, as he
says, and is in vigorous health. I know him and
believe this to be the fact. He has, to be suie,a
very great abundance of silver hair; but in that
he sutlers a calamity, if calamity it be, in common
with so many young gentlemen, mombors of this
body, that I suppose it will hardly be considered
ground of inefficieiicv.
Now, sir, I have stated briefly the contents of
his petition. I shall not go into the discussion
which I think has been somewhat inopportune,
and certainly very desultory. I will only say
that I am disposed to unite with the members of
this body who think it proper; when they are
satisfied a clear case of injustice has occurred, to
do everything m their power to remedy it; but
we cannot disguise from ourselves the fact that
the manner in which any remedy for injustice
of this sort shall be provided presents a question
of exceeding difficulty and nicety. Not a gen-
tleman who has spoken here, earnest and ardent
as many of them seem to be, has suggested any-
thing like a remedy. It is always proper in
cases, whether any difficulty is presented or not,
that the subject should not be disposed of on ex
parte considerations or discussions. A committee
of the Senate, whose duty it is to give it a fair
and full investigation, should perform that duty
We are referring petitions every day \tfith that
view. _ I think it is peculiarly proper in this case,
which is one of admitted difficulty, that we should
not undertake to decide here, or even to discuss
here, until the committee has in private entered
into all the considerations which belong to the
subject. When they shall be prepared to report,
I shall be as ready as anyone else to concur with
those gentlemen who think it their duty to remedy
any injustice.
The memorial was referred to the Committee
on Naval Affairs.
PETITIONS, ETC.
Mr. MASON presented a paper signed by R.
H. Chilton, major in the United States Army,
formerly commanding Fort Kearny, Oregon
route, in favor of granting to the troops at that
fort the same amount of extra pay as was allowed
those at Fort Laramie; which was referred to the
Committee on Military Affairs.
Mr. PEARCE presented a petition of the
Merchants'Exchange of the District of Columbia,
praying for the incorporation of the Merchants
and Mechanics' Bank of Washington, and the
Washington Insurance Company in said District;
which was referred to the Committee on the Dis-
trict of Columbia.
PAPERS "WITHDRAWN.
On motion by Mr. PEARCE, it was
Ordered, That the petition and papers of Philip R. J.
Fnus, praying for payment of <1 balance of d(jbentiuel)ond,
with mtfMf-t, on the filc< of the Senate, be referred to the
Couit of Claims.
On motion by Mr. JONES, of Iowa, it was
Ordered, That the papers in the case of John Gue«tbe
withdrawn fiom the lik^ of the Senate, and referred to the
Celnmitlue 011 Naval Affairs.
V/ TERRITORY OF KANSAS.
Mr. Sidney Webster, the Secretary of the
President, appeared below the bar and said:
I am directed by the President of the United
States to deliver to the Senate several messages
in writing:. . .
Mr. MASON. I will suggest to the Senate
that a message has just been received from the
President which, 011 looking at it, I find is of im-
portance, and may, perhaps, make it necessary
that it should be at once read to the Senate. I
submit to the Senate, therefore, that the Chair
present that message and let us hear what it is.
Its reading may possibly make it necessary that
we should revoke our order to adjourn over.
The PRESIDENT. The Chair will present
the message of the President of the United States.
The Secretary read the message. It will be
found'in the House proceedings.
Mr. SEWARD. Mr. President, when the
President of the United States sent his annual
message to Congress, a large portion of it was
found to refer to the Territory of Kansas, and to
the questions which were supposed to be kindred
to the great questions which were to come before
Congress in relation to that Territory. That was
the concluding part of his message. It seenflfcd
to me ill-timed. It set forth principles and doc-
trines which seemed to me heretical—which
seemed to me wanting 111 all the elements of
statesmanship. But while tins was the perora-
tion of the message, its exordium was occupied
with laying before Congress information about the
critical state of our relations with a foreign power
—the greatest, the most grasping, and the most
rapacious m the world. It was made a question
in the Senate, whether those who differed from
