1018
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 24,
citizens of the United States; and if so, and the
Congress of the United States shall hereafter
make an appropriation of money for the payment
*of these claims, then, upon the principles of the
bill, the accounting officers of the Treasury will
be authorized to pay them.
Mr. WALKER. I beg leave to suggest, in re-
lation to the decision pronounced by the Speaker,
that there has been a judicial decision upon this
very point, inthe case of Kendall as. the United
States. In that case, the law^authorized certain
officers of the Government to institute an inquiry
and to settle the accounts of the General Govern-
ment with certain parties. By the terms of the
act, it was made the duty of the head of the De-
partment thereupon to satisfy the claim, if it
was found to be due on the part of the Govern-
ment. The inquiry was held, but the Postmaster
General refused to act upon the report of the
Solicitor of the Treasury, and the case went to
the Supreme Court of the United States. That
court, m its decision in the case, held in this wise:
that inasmuch as the act of Congress had in ex-
press terms declared that, upon a report being
made by the Solicitor of the Treasury, containing
a settlementof the accounts between the Govern-
ment and the claimants, ascertaining that the
amount claimed was due by the Government, the
Postmaster General should be required to pay the
money, or allow credit for the amount, the De-
partment could exercise no discretionary power
in the matter, and 110 subsequent legislation was
necessary for the payment of the money.
I alluded to this case the other day in the brief
argument which I made upon another subject;
but the case is conclusive upon this point. It is
reported in 4th Peters, and the decision was
that, upon the report being made by the Solicitor
of the Treasury, the Department had no right to
refuse the payment of the money.
The SPEAKER. It appears to the Chair,
upon the question of order raised, that further
legislation will be necessary before the money
can be paid from the Treasury. The Chair is
therefore of the opinion that the bill does not
necessarily, under the 133d rule, go to the Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union.
The Chair so decides. From this decision the
gentleman from Tennessee [Mr. Jones] takes an
appeal; and the question is, "Shall the decision
of the Chair stand as the judgment of the House?"
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine, moved to lay
the appeal on the table.
Mr. PHELPS demanded the yeas and nays
upon that motion.
The yeas and nays wore ordered.
Mr. PELTON. I ask to be permitted to state
that 1 am willing to withdraw my demand for the
previous question, and, after giving briefly the
reasons why I called the previous question, to
have the bill postponed to some day ccrtain.
Mr. PHELPS. No, sir, 1 object to that.
The question was taken on Mr. Washburn's
motion; and it was decided in the negative—yeas
72, nays 83; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Albnght, Henry Bennett, Benson, Bing-
ham, Bishop, Bliss, Biadshaw, iifciuon, JLiioom, Buihn-
ton, BuiliuguuiCj Chalfee, Bayatd Clarke, Clawson, OolUix,
Covode, Uragm, C'uiriback, Oamrell, Henry Winter Davis,
Timothy Davis, Denver, Dodd, Emrie, Euitis, Henry M.
Fuller. Galloway, t« Hidings, Chlbeit, Grow, Uarrioon, Iler-
bort, Uoiioway, Kels^y, heimctt, Knapp, Kmght, Knowl-
ton, Knox, Matte*on, McCaity, Killian Miller, Millward,
Morgan, Momli, Mott, Muiray, Andrew Oliver, Polton,
iw>-v Piirp. Pririflfi. Jlohhms. Robison. Sabm. Sasre. Saim.
Wasliburne, Israel Washburn, Whitney, and Williams,
—79
NAYS—Messrs. Aiken, Barclay, Barksdale, Cell, Hend-
iey S. Bennett, Bocock, Bowie, Boyce, Branch, Burnett,
Carlile, Caskie, Exra (Jlark, (Jhngiuan, Howel' Cobb, Wil-
liamson 11. W. Cobb, Cox, Uraige, Crawloid, Davidson,
Dean, Dowdeil, Edmundson, Elliott, Evans, Foster, Goode,
Greenwood, Augustus Hall, Harlan, J. Morrison lldins,
Sampson W. Harris, Valentine ft. Hoi ton, Hugfi&ton,
George W. Jones, Kcitt, Kelly, Kidwell, Leiter, Letcher,
Jjmdlev, Xiumpkin, Mace, Humphrey Marshall, Samuel S.
Marshall, Maxwell, McMulhn, Smith Miller, Nichols, Orr,
Paine, Peek, Petut, Phelps, Puryear, Q.uitman, Ready,
Richardson, Ritchie, Rivers, Ruffin, Sandidge, Shorter,
William R. Smith, Sneed, Spinner, Swope, TalbotuThurs-
ton, Underwood, Vail, Valk, Waldron, Walker, Warner,
Watson, Wells, Wheeler, Winslovv, Woodruff, Wood-
worth, John V. Wright, and Zolhcoffer—83.
So the House refused to lay the appeal upon
the tabic.
Pending the call of the roll,
Mr. NORTON, when his name was called.
stated that he had paired off with his colleague,
Mr. Harris, of Illinois.
Mr. KUNKEL stated that he had paired off
with his colleague, Mr. Florence.
Mr. HAVEN stated that he was not within
the bar when his name was called; if he had
been, being of the opinion that the bill does not
make an appropriation of money, he should have
voted " ay.
The question recurred upon sustaining the de-
cision of the Chair as the judgment of the House.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois, demanded
the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the negative—yeas 74, nays 78; as follows:
YEAR—Messrs. Albrisht, Henry Bennett, Benson, Bing-
ham, Bliss, Biadshaw, Brenton, Broom, Buffiuton, Burlin-
garne, Chaffee, Bayaid Clarice, Ezra Clark, Clawson,Colfax,
Covode, Cragm, Cumback, Bamreli, Henry Winter Davis,
Timothy Davis, Denvei, Dodd, Emrie, Eustis, Henry M.
Puller, Galloway, Giddings, Gilbert, Grow, ilairison, Ha-
ven, Holloway, Valentine B. Ilorton, Kelscy, Kennctt,
Knapp, Knight, Knowlton, Matteson, McCarty, Killian
Miller, Milhvard, Morgan, Morrill, Mott, Murray, Andrew
Oliver, Pelton, Feiry. Pike, Porter, Pnngle, Robbins, Rob-
ison, Sabin, Sage, Sapp, Scott, Seward, Simmons, Stanton,
Tappan, Thoinigton, Tral'ton, Tyson, Wade, Wakeman,
Walbndge, ElhlniB. Wadibume, Israel Washburn, Whit-
ney, William:,, and Woodruff—74.
NAYS—M.-ssis. Aiken, Barclay, Barksdale, Bell, Hend-
ley 8. Bennett. Bocock, Bowie, Boyee, Branch, Burnett,
Carlile, Caskie, Clmgman, Howell Cobb, Williamson R.
W. Cobb, Oiaige, Crawford, Davidson, Dean, Dowdeil,
Edmundson, Evans, Foster, Goode, Greenwood, Augustus
Hall, Ilarlan, Sampson W. Hams, llughston, George W.
Jones, Kent, Kelly, Kidwell, Knox, Leiter, Letcher, Lmd-
ley, Lumpkin, Mace, Humphrey Marshall, Samuel S. Mar-
shall, Maxwell, McMulhn, Smith Miller, Orr, Paine, Peck,
Phelps, Puryear, Quitman, Ready, Richardson, Ritchie,
Jtiveis, Robeits, Ratlin, Sandidge, Shorter, William R.
Smith, Snecd, Spinner, Swope, Talbott, Thurston, Under-
wood, Vail, Valk, Waliiion, Walker, Warner, Watson,
Welch, Wells, Wheeler, Winslovv, Woodwortli, John V.
Wright, and Zolhcoffer—78.
So the decision of the Chair was overruled; and
the biB, under the rules, was referred to the Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union.
Mr. CL1NGMAN moved that the bill and re-
port be printed.
The motion was agreed to.
WITHDRAWAL OF PAPERS.
On motion of Mr. ORR, by unanimous con-
sent, leave was granted to withdraw from the
files of the House the papers in the case of Gen-
eral Walbacli, for the purpose of having them
presented ill the Senate.
Mr. BRENTON. As the morning hour is out,
I move that the House proceed to the considera-
tion of the business on the Speaker's table.
The motion was agreed to.
REFERENCE OF SENATE BILLS.
The following bills and joint resolution on the
Speaker's table were then taken up in their order,
read a first and second time, and disposed of as
indicated below:
House bill to amend an act entitled " An act
granting bounty land to certain officers and sol-
dieis who have been engaged in the military ser-
vice of the United States," approved March 3,
1855. Returned from the Senate with amend-
ments. Referred to the Committee on Public
Lands, and the amendments ordered to be printed.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I wish to give
notice to the House that, when the Committee on
Public Lands report back that bill, I shall ask
that the amendments of the Senate may be dis-
posed of without further delay.
Resolution providing for the election of a chap-
lain. Laid on the tabic.
An act providing a necessary increase and
better organization of the medical and hospital
department of the Army. Referred to the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs.
An act for the relief of Samuel V. Niles. Re-
ferred to the Committee of Claims.
An act for the relief of Abraham Kintzing. Re-
ferred to the Committee of Claims.
An act for the relief of William Marvin, of
Florida. Referred to the Committee of Claims.
An act for the relief of the heirs of Samuel
Scott. Referred to the Committee on Revolu-
tionary Claims.
An act for the relief of F. A. Cunningham,
Paymaster United States Army. Referred to the
Committee on Military Affairs.
An act for the relief of the legal representatives
of James Bell, deceased. Referred to the Com-
mittee on Revolutionary Claims.
An act for the relief of Elizabeth V. Lomax,
only surviving child of Captain WilliamLindsay,
of the Revolution. Referred to the Committee
on Revolutionary Claims.
An act for the relief of Lemuel Worster. Re-
ferred to the Committee on Invalid Pensions.
An actforthe relief of Daniel Doland. Referred
to the Committee on Invalid Pensions.
An act to confirm the title of Henry Volcker
to a certain tract of land in the Territory of New
Mexico.^ Referred to the Committee on Private
Land Claims.
An act for the relief of the legal representatives
of John Morrison and Charles Ginti. Referred
to the Committee on Private Land Claims.
An act for the relief of Franck Taylor. Re-
ferred to the Committee of Ways and Means.
An act granting a pension to Mrs. Olivia W.
Cannon, widow of Joseph L. Cannon, late a
midshipman in the United States Navy, now
deceased. Referred to the Committee on Revo-^
lutionary Claims.
An act granting a pension to Morris Powers.
Referred to the Committee on Invalid Pensions.
An act to alter and amendanact entitled " An
act to establish a circuit court of the United States
in and for the State of California," approved
March 3, 1855. Referred to the Committee on
the Judiciary.
An act to provide for issuing patents in certain
cases where grants of the public lands have been
made by Congress. Referred to the Committee
on Public Lands.
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATION, ETC.
The SPEAKER laid before the House a com-
munication from the Department of the Interior,
transmitting a letter from the Commissioner of
Pensions, setting forth the necessity of some
legislation in relation to anticipated frauds by the
forgery of certificates or warrants for bounty
land, and assignments of the same, accompanied
by a bill prepared, after consultation with the
heads of the pension and land bureaus, and de-
signed to provide a remedy for the evil.
On motion of Mr. PHELPS, it was referred
to the Committee on the Judiciary, and ordered
to be printed.
The SPEAKER also laid before the House tes-
timony in the contested-election case of the sev-
enth congressional district of Illinois; which was
referred to the Committee of Elections.
WITHDRAWAL OF PAPERS.
On motion of Mr. HARLAN, it was
Ordered, That leave be granted for the withdrawal from
the files of the House of the papers m the case of Commo-
dore Hiram Paulding, of the United States Navy, for the
puipose of reference to the Senate.
Mr. J ONES, of T ennessee. I demand the reg-
ular order of business.
Mr. PHELPS. Have all the bills and com-
munications on the Speaker's table been referred ?
The SPEAKER. Every one except the bill
from the Court of Claims, which is pending on a
motion not yet decided.
Mr. PIIBLPS. Then I move that the rules be
suspended, and the House resolve itself into the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union.
The motion was agreed to.
INDIAN APPROPRIATION BILL.
The House accordingly resolved itself into the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union, (Mr. Cobb, of Georgia, in the chair.)
The CHAIRMAN. The business before the
committee is the consideration of the Indian ap-
propriation bill; and the pending question is on
the motion made by the gentleman from Ohio
[Mr. Stanton] to strike out the first section. The
gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. Ritchie] is
entitled to the floor.
Mr. RITCHIE discussed the power of Con-
gress over the Territories, contending that the
convention which framed the Constitution intend-
ed to and did confer upon Congress, by the Con-
stitution, the power to legislate for the Territories
without restriction so far as the subject of slavery
was concerned, and absolutely to reject or admit
new States on such terms and for such reasons
as to Congress might seem proper.
Mr. R.'s speech will be found in the Appendix.
