282
appendix to the congressional globe.
[March 20,
34th Cong....1st Sess.
Admission of Kansas—Mr. Douglas.
Senate.
of their creed. It is intended to detach here and
th ere a Democrat from his party , and to carry them
captive into the Black Republican camp to help
fight the battle in the next presidential campaign;
and iu the event of succesi, he will be rewarded
for his services upon the ground thftt the end
justifies the means.
Again, he makes the following quotation from
my report, cutting the sentence in two, and omit-
ting the first part of it:
" Another branch of this report to which 1 desire to call
attention is in these words:
"1 In obedience to the Constitution, the Kansas-Nebraska
act declared, in the precise language of the compromise
measures of 1850, that' when admitted as a State the said
Territory, or any portion of the same, shall be received into
the Union with or without slavery, as their constitution
may prescribe at the time of their admission.'"
On this passage of the report he comments as
follows:
" From this clause, which has no practical eflect what-
ever, either in the compromise measures of 1850 or the
Kansas-Nebraska act, it has been contended that the com-
promise measures of 1850 were inconsistent with the com-
promise of 1820. i deny the position. There is no incon-
sistency between them. The Missouri compromise, as
already shown, did not prevent tile admission of a fctate
into the Union with or without slavery, as its constitution
might prescribe at the time of its admission."
Here we are told that there " ia no inconsist-
ency between them"—the Missouri compromise,
the Kansas-Nebraska act, and the compromise
of 1850; that " the Missouri compromise did not
prevent the admission of a State (Kansas or Ne-
braska) into the Union with or without slavery,
as its constitution might prescribe at the time of
admission." If this assumption be true—if the
Missouri Compromise was not designed to pre-
vent Kansas and the rest of the territory north of
36° 30' from coming into the Union as slave States
—if it did not impose any prohibition or restric-
tion upon them in this respect—if, as is here
asserted, they were at liberty to come, into the
Union with or without slavery, as they might
choose, before the Kansas-Nebraska bill was
passed—and if the passage of that bill made no
change in this respect, why is my colleague de-
claiming against it in the name of freedom and
humanity ? What harm has the Kansas-Nebraska
act done to him and liis associates and to the cause
of freedom, of which they profess to be the especial
champions, if it be true, as my colleague now
asserts, that slavery was not prohibited "forever"
in those Territories, and that they would have had
the same right to come into the Union as slave
States, as they now have under the Kansas-Ne-
braska act? Why his desertion from the Demo-
cratic party and his alliance with Black Repub-
- licanisiM^ if he really believes that the Missouri
compromise, like the Kansas-Nebraska act, left
the people of those Territories perfectly free to
form and regulate their domestic institutions in
their own way, and to come into the Union with
slavery or without, as they please? If his con-
struction of the Missouri compromise be correct,
it was a mere temporary expedient, possessing
none of the characteristics of a covenant, or com-
pact, or contract—an ordinary legislative enact-
ment, which was liable to be repealed at any time,
and which, if it had not'been repealed, would
have become nugatory and void in a very brief
f eriod. I fear that the anti-Nebraska party of
llinois will regard these opinions of my colleague
as " unfounded assumptions." I regret that he
did not enlighten his political brethren upon this
subject, and persuade them of the correctness of
these opinions, prior to his own election to the
Senate. Had the fusionists of Chicago under-
stood the question in 1854 as he now explains it,
I think I would have had very little trouble in
obtaining a hearing in my own defense when I
returned home that year.
But, sir, I said that I would not take time in
the discussion of these minor points which my
colleague desired to bring ftito the debate, over-
looking the great question at issue. My colleague
states that question in these words:
" The great fact remains, and it is not met by the report,
that the people of Kansas have been conquered, as the
Governor himself once said, and a Legislature has been
imposed upon them by violence. WiUiout denying this,
the report, to use a legal phrase, demurs to the declaration,
thereby admitting Jhe charge, but denying that it affords
any reison why the acts of such a Legislature should not
be enforced!"
Is it true that the great fact remains undenied
that Kansas was conquered ? Is it true that the
report demurs to this allegation, and thereby
admits its truth? In what part of the report is
such an admission to be found? What line,what
word in the report, gives the slightest pretext for
such an assertion? On the contrary, the report
of the committee not only denies, but disproves
the truth of such a charge so conclusively, that
no man is inexcusable for repeating it. So over-
whelming is the proof of the majority report on
thia point, that the only mode in which the mi-
nority could avoid or break its force was by sup-
pressing the testimony which disproved the truth
of the allegation. I am aware that it is a grave
and serious matter to state that the minority
report suppresses the evidence which conclusively
disproves the truth of the allegation that Kansas
was conquered, in order to arrive at a conclusion
which could never have been rendered plausible
except by the suppression of the facts as they
appear on record and in official journals. But I
make the declaration boldly, with a full conscious-
ness of all its responsibilities, and with a willing-
ness and ability at all times to make good the
proposition to the entire satisfaction of all fair
and impartial minds.
The facts as presented in the majority report,
and proven by official and incontrovertible evi-
dence, are, that of the eighteen election districts
into which Kansas was divided, allegations of
violence and illegal voting were made in seven,
while there was not at the time any pretext of
fraud, violence, or illegal voting in the othereleven
districts. The election was held on the 30th of
March, 1855, under the proclamation of Governor
Reeder, and in pursuance of the rules and regula-
tions prescribed by him. The proclamation
provided, among other things, that "in csise any
person or persons shall dispute the fairness or
correctness of the return of any election district,
they shall make a written statement, directed to
the Governor, and setting forth the specific cause
of complaint or errors in the cfthducting or re-
turning of the election in said district, signed by
not less than ten qualified voters of the Territory,
and with an affidavit of one or more qualified
voters to the truth of the fact therein stated; and
the said complaint and affidavit shall be presented
to the Governor on or before the 5th day of April
next, when the proper proceedings will be taken
to hear and' decide such complaint."
In view of this direct invitation on the part of
the Governor, to all men who were dissatisfied
with the result, to contest the election, and the
assurance that he would " hear and decide such
complaint," it does not appear from any source
that ten men were ever found in any one of the
eleven districts who were -willing to sign the
statement, or any one man who was willing to
swear to the truth of the statement that there had
been fraud, violence, or illegal voting in any one
of these eleven districts! Such statements were
made and presented to the Governor in reference
to some of the precincts in seven of the eighteen
districts, but none in the other eleven. These
facts are distinctly set forth in the majority report,
and conclusively proved by reference to the offi-
cial papers. While these facts are cautiously
concealed in the minority report, and the vague
charge of fraud and violence substituted for them
in general terms, there is no specific denial of any
one of these facts—no pretense that the election
was contested in any one of those eleven dis-
tricts, or any man found to make the charge,
much less to swear to the truth of it, as required
by the Governor in his proclamation. These
eleven districts, where there were no contests and
no complaints filed with the Governor, elected a
large majority of both branches of the Legisla-
ture, to wit—ten of the thirteen councilmen and
seventeen of the twenty-six representatives, of
which, by tffe organic law of the Territory, the
Legislature was composed, and a majority of
whom were to constitute a legal quorum for the
transaction of legislative business. Hence it is
entirely immaterial, so far as the legality of the
Legislature is involved, whether the contested
cases in the other seven districts were decided
right or wrong. -In either event there was a legal
quorum of each branch of the Legislature duly
and fairly elected—a sufficient number, under the
organic law of the Territory, to constitute the
two houses a lawful legislative assembly, compe-
tent to pass laws binding on the inhabitants of
the Territory, and to impart vitality and validity
to their legislative acts. It is true that in the
seven contested districts the Governor, after re-
ceiving the protests and hearing the allegations
of the parties, and inspecting the returns, sef
aside the returns, and ordered new elections in
those districts, to be held on the 24th of May
of that year. At this second election three of the
same persons who had been returned as duly
elected on the 30th of March, and whose elections
had been set aside by the Governor, were re-
elected , and in the other districts different persons
were elected than those who received the highest
number of votes at the general election on the 30th
of March. Thus it appears that each one of the
twenty-six representatives and thirteen council-
men, who assembled at Pawnee City on the 2d of
July, in obedience to the Governor's proclama-
tion, went there with his commission certifying
that he had been duly elected a member of the
Kansas Legislature. These facts are all dis-
tinctly set forth in the majority report, and no one
of them directly contradicted in the report of the
minority.
Now, let us see how the minority report dis-
poses of these incontrovertible facts. It says:
" The Governor of Kansas having, in pursuance to law,
divided the Territory into districts, and procured a census
thereof, issued his proclamation for the election of a Legis-
lative Assembly therein, to take place on the 30th day of
March, 1855, and directed how the same should be con-
ducted, and the returns made to him, agreeably to the law
establishing said Territory. On the day of election large
bodies of armed men from the State of Missouri appeared
at the polls in most of the districts, and by most violent and
tumultuous carriage and demeanor, overawed the defense-
less inhabitants, and by their own votes elected a large
majority of the members of both Houses of said Assembly."
Not a word about the eleven districts where
there were no contests and no complaints filed'.
Not a word about the seven districts where there
were contests, and complaints filed, and the elec-
tion set aside by the Governor !  Not a word in
regard to the specific number of districts to which
J the alleged invasion reached, and the number of
^councilmen and representatives whose elections
were supposed to be affected by it! The minority
report is not burdened with such details as would
convey to the mind of the reader a distinct idea
of the real state of facts, from which the inference
is attempted to be drawn that " Kansas had been
conquered." In lieu of these facts, we have the
vague, unfounded statement that in " most of the
districts" frauds were perpetrated, which con-
trolled the election of " a large majority of the
members of both Houses of said Assembly."
"Most of the districts! " "A large majority
of the members! " Do seven out of eighteen con-
stitute most of the districts ? Do three councilmen
out of thirteen, or nine out of twenty-six repre-
sentatives, constitute a large majority? These
vague, unsupported declarations are interposed
to break the force of a distinct statement of facts,
the truth of which is sustained by the official rec-
ords, and the correctness of which no man can,
with truth, question or deny.
The minority report continues thus:
" On the returns of said election being made to the Gov-
ernor, protests and objections were made to him in relation
to a part of said districts; and as to them, he set aside such,
and such only, as by the returns appeared to be bad."
_ What is the inference ? That the Governor
did not go behind the certificate, and only set the
election aside because the certificate on its face
was " bad! " Such is not the fact. The Gov-
ernor did go behind the certificates—did inquire
into the regularity of the proceedings, and the
legality of the votes, as well as the form of the
certificates. But it so happened that, there having
been more or less illegal votes cast in these seven
districts, the judges refused to certify in the form
prescribed in the Governor's proclamation, aiid
verify the same by their oaths.
In each of the other eleven districts, where the
proceedings had been fair and regular, the judges
did make their returns in due form, and, no pro-
tests being filed, no allegations of fraud or illegal
voting being made, the Govefnor granted certifi-
cates, as a matter of course, to the persons who
had received the highest number of legal votes.
This was the reason why, in every case where
there had been illegal voting or unfairness in the
