1856.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1019
Mr. MAXWELL then obtained the floor, but
yielded to
Mr. BUFFINTON, who moved that the com-
mittee rise.
The motion was agreed to.
So the committee rose; and the Speaker having
resumed the chair, Mr. Cobb, of Georgia, re-
ported that the Committee of the "Whole on the
state of the Union had, according to order, had
the state of the Union generally under consider-
ation, and particularly the Indian appropriation
bill, and had come to no resolution thereon.
WITHDRAWAL OP PAPERS.
On motion of Mr. BARKSDALE, it was
Ordered, That leave be granted for the withdrawal from
the files of the House of the papers of Sallie J. Matthews,
for the purpose of reference to the Court of Claims.
On motion of Mr. BROOM, it was
Ordered, That leave be granted for the withdrawal from
the files of the House of the petition and papers of Stephen
C. Ford, for The purpose of reference to the Court ofClaims.
INTRODUCTION OF BILLS.
Mr. GIDDINGS, by unanimous consent, in
pursuance of previous notice, introduced bills of
the following titles; which were severally read a
first and second time, and referred to the Com-
mittee on Commerce:
A bill to continue the improvement of the har-
bor at Conneaut, Ohio; and
A bill to continue the improvement of the har-
bor at Ashtabula, Ohio.
Mr. KELLY. I object to any business out of
order.
The SPEAKER. The objection comes too
late, so far as the bills introduced by the gentleman
from Ohio are concerned.
Mr. KELLY. Then I wish to give notice now
that I shall object to all business out of the reg-
ular order, until the Committee for the District
of Columbia have an opportunity of reporting
back the bill in reference to suffrage in the city of
Washington.
Mr. PHELPS. I hope the gentleman will
withdraw his objection, so far as it applies to some
bills which I desire to introduce. They are bills
of my colleague, (Mr. Caiujtiiers,) who is absent
from the city, and himself unable to present them.
^Previous notice of an intention to introduce them
has already been given.
Mr. KNIGHT. I hope the gentleman from
New York will withdraw his objection, to allow
me to offer the resolution which I have several
times endeavored to introduce. I desii-e to leave
the city, and the House can act upon the resolu-
tion in a few moments.
Mr. KELLY. Under other circumstances I
would willingly withdraw my objection. But
when the gentleman from Mississippi [Mr. Ben-
nett] asked leave to report back the bill in
reference to suffrage in the city of Washington,
gentlemen on the othersidc objected,and persisted
m their objection to it.
Mr. KNIGHT. I did not object to it.
Mr. KELLY. It is important that the bill to
which I refer should be considered and passed;
and until we have an opportunity to do so, I shall
make objection to all business out of order.
Mr. BOCOCK. I move that the House do
now adjourn.
The motion was agreed to; and thereupon (at
three o'clock, p. m.) the House adjourned until
to-morrow, at twelve o'clock, m.
IN SENATE.
Friday, Jpril 25,1856
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. Henry C. Dean.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATIONS.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore laid before the
Senate a report of the Secretary of the Treasury,
communicating, in compliance with a resolution
of the Senate, a statement showing the number
of each grade of officers employed in the several
collection districts wherein any change is pro-
posed by Senate bill (No. 155) relating to the ap-
pointment of officers for the collection of the cus-
toms, and to provide for their compensation, the
compensation at present allowed to each, and that
proposed by the bill; wffich, on motion of Mr.
Fish, was ordered to lie on the table, and be
printed.
HOUSE BILL REFERRED.
The bill (H. R. No. 303) creating Columbus,
in Kentucky, a port of delivery, was read the
first and second times by its title, and referred to
the Committee on Commerce.
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS.
Mr. JONES, of Iowa, presented two petitions
of citizens of Iowa, praying for the establishment
of a mail route from St. Charles to Sherlock Falls,
in that State; which were referred to the Com-
mittee on the Post Office and Post Roads.
Mr. HUNTER presented the memorial of
Harrison H. Cocke, a captain in the Navy, who
has been placed upon the retired list, praying to
be restored to his former position in the service;
which was referred to the Committee on Naval
Affairs.
Also, the petition of citizens of Gloucester
county, Virginia, praying that Joseph A.Seawell,
late a passed midshipman in the Navy, who has
been dropped from the service, may be restored
to his former position in the Navy; which was
referred to the Committee on Naval Affairs.
Mr. BIGGS presented the petition of Ann
Turner, widow of Elbert Turner, praying to be
allowed a pension; which was referred to the
Committee on Pensions.
Mr. PRATT presented a memorial of citizens
of Baltimore, Maryland, praying for the establish-
ment of a marine hospital at that port; which was
referred to the Committee on Commerce.
Also, two petitions of citizens of New Jersey
and Pennsylvania, praying for an extension of
the provisions of the act of 1852 for the better
security of the lives of passengers on board of
vessels propelled in whole or in part by steam, to
ferry-boats; which were ordered to lie on the
table.
Mr. MASON moved that the memorial of
Chailes E. Anderson, on the files of the Senate,
be referred to the Committee on Foreign Rela-
tions; which was agreed to.
Mr. WRIGHT presented two memorials of
citizens of New Jersey and Pennsylvania, praying
that the provisions of the act of 1852, for the
better security of the lives of passengers on board
of vessels propelled m whole or m part by steam,
may be extended to ferry-boats; which were
ordered to lie on the table.
Mr. PUGH presented the memorial of Joseph
Graham, praying for compensation for diplomatic
services performed at Buenos Ay res, in South
America; which was referred to the Committee on
Foreign Relations.
Mr. SUMNER presented a petition of citizens
of Boston, Massachusetts, praying for a general
modification of the postal system in the United
i States and with foreign countries; which was
! referred to the Committee on the Post Office and
j Post Roads.
| Mr. WILSON presented a petition of*W. G.
! Gilderslieve, ofWilkesbarre, Pennsylvania, pray-
ing for the adoption of constitutional measures
for the abolition of slavery in the United States;
which was ordered to lie on the table.
REPORT Or A COMMITTEE.
Mr. MASON, from the Committee on Foreign
Relations, to whom was referred the petition of
Eugene Rellieux, praying for indemnity for losses
sustained by the bombardment of Greytown,
asked to be discharged from its further consider-
ation, and that it be referred to the Court of
Claims; which was agreed to.
RESOLUTIONS ADOPTED.
Mr. WELLER submitted the following reso-
lution; which was considered, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee on the Judiciary be in
sti acted to inquire into the expediency of increasing The
salaiy of the judge of the southern district of the United
States couit m California.
Mr. TOOMBS submitted the following resolu-
tion; which was considered, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee on the Judiciary are hereby
instructed to inquire into, and report upon, the expediency
of repealing the act passed the 26th of June, 1848, amend-
ing the naturalization act of 1813.
ADJOURNMENT TO MONDAY.
On motion of Mr. STUART, it was
Ordered, That when the Senate adjourns, it be to meet
011 Monday.
BILLS INTRODUCED.
Mr. JONES, of Iowa, asked and obtained
leave to bring in a bill (S. No. 26§) to incorporate
the Columbia Library of Capitol Hill, in the City
of Washington; which was read twice, and re-
ferred to the Committee on the District of Co-
lumbia. • .
Mr. DODGE asked and obtained leave to
introduce a bill (S. No. 266) authorizing the erec-
tion of a post office and United States court room
in the city of Madison, State of Wisconsin; which
was read the first and second times by unanimous
consent, and referred to the Committee oji the
Post Office and Post Roads.
ENROLLED BILL SIGNED.
A message was received from the House of
Representatives, by Mr. Cihllom, their Clerk,
announcing that the Speaker h*ad;signed the act
to continue half pay to Mrs. Lewright Browning,
for a further term of five years; which was there-
upon signed by the President pro tempore.
GEORGE P. MARSH.
On motion of Mr. FOOT, the Senate, as in
Committee of the Whole, resumed the consider-
ation of the bill (S. No. I43-) for the relief of
George P. Marsh. When it was before the Senate
on Friday last, it was amended so as to read—
Be it enacted, <^c., That the Secretary of the Treasury be,
and he is hereby, directed to audit and settle the accounts
of George P. Marsh, late Minister Resident of the United
States to the Ottoman Porte, for additional compensation
and expenses incurred by him in the performance of speeial
services not pertaining to the mission, and at a point differ-
ent from that to which he was accredited, in compliance
with instructions from the Department of State j in settling
which accounts, the sum of $9,000 shall be allowed as com-
pensation for said special services in the mission to Greece;
and m ascertaining the amount of said expenses the certifi-
cate of the party shall be regarded as sufficient where no
regular voucher can be produced.
Mr. BRODHEAD. This, Mr. President, is a
bill of some importance: it is a bill to which I
'have some very serious objections. The claim
is for money that I think has never been earned;
and a bill to pay the amount of this claim should
not be suffered to pass the Senate. I will pro-
ceed to submit to the Senate some very significant
facts from the record, in relation to the mission
of Mr. George P. Marsh to Turkey, and his claim
for alleged diplomatic services in Greece. The
bill before the Senate proposes to appropriate
$9,000 to compensate Mr. Marsh for extraordi-
nary services rendered in Greece, while he was
minister resident at Constantinople. We re-
cently passed a bill for the relief of Mr. Marsh,
giving him $1,000 per annum, thus appropriating
between three and four thousand dollars for judi-
cial services while he was minister resident at
Constantinople; and here is a second bill to pay
him compensation for extra services. When the
bill to which I refer was before the Senate, the
honorable Senator from "Vermont, (Mr. Foot,)
who introduced it, used this language:
" 1 need not say that the salary of the minister to Turkey
at that tune wa* at most a meager one—being only $6>000,
without an outfit. Tins was intended as ail additional
compensation for additional-scrvices imposed. The salary
for the Turkish mission has since beeu laised to $9,000.
This sum, the payment of which is now nought, has been
withheld from Mr. JVIaisli at the Department—l will not
say improperly, but upon a mere technicality."
Upon that statement we passed a bill appropri-
ating over §3,000 for alleged judicial services
performed when he was minister resident in
Turkey. I think it will be ascertained that there
were no judicial services rendered; or, if any were
rendered, he should have rendered them ex officio 
and as part of his duty as minister resident for
the regular salary which he received. But I pass
that by, and come now to more important facts.
When was Mr. Marsh appointed ? I low long did
he remain in this country after he was appointed ?
Did he receive an outfit and an infit? The Sen-
ator from Vermont said that he received no outfit.
I will show that he not only received an outfit,
but an infit.
Mr. FOOT. Mr. President, I will now make,
with the Senator's permission, a correction of an
accidental error m the remarks which I submitted
when the other case was before the Senate. Mr.
Marsh received no outfit at the time when he left
this country, but a year ortwo afterwards an oatfit
was allowed in one of the general appropriation
bills.
Mr. BRODHEAD. For his mission to Con-
stantinople ?
Mr. FOOT. Yes, sir. *
Mr. BRODHEAD. Now, sir, I wish to call
