1856.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
m
Mr. CASS. Allow the Senator from South
Carolina [Mr. Butler] to say a word, and the
matter will bo. .settled.
Mr. BUTLER. I think that if this matter can
be terminated by a Single remark, I may 
Mr. CLAYTON. 1 believe I have the floor?
The PRESIDENT. The Senator from Dela-
ware boo the Hoar.
Mr. CLAYTON. WherrI suggested the idea
of a select committee, I was influenced by the
ancient precedents and by an anxious desire to
do justice. I did not press the motion; but I
remember very well, that when Michigan was
presented for admission, the question of the va-
lidity of her constitution went to the Committee
on the Judiciary, of which I was, at the time,
chairman.
Mr. JONES, of Iowa. That is the point in
regard to which I wished to interrogate the Sen-
ator.
Mr. CLAYTON. The question of the admis-
sion of the State of Michigan, however, went to
a select committee, of which I also was a mem-
ber, and the Hon. Thomas H. Benton was chair-
man. That was the disposition which was made
in that case; and, as it was the case of a State
which presented herself with many questions of
law and fact, embarrassing to the Congress of the
United States, as much so, perhaps, as the case
of Kansas, though not attended with so much
excitement, I thought that precedent ought to
govern. Further, in reference to the Commit-
tee on Territories, I found that the chairman of
that committee was away, and I had no intima-
tion when he was to be here. That committee,
therefore, is not full. If it is to be referred to
that committee, it ought to be filled.
For these considerations, and following the
ancient usage, I was disposed to take this mes-
sage, the great leading idea of which is the ad-
mission of a State into the Union, and to refer it
to a select comtmttee. With legard to what the
honorable Senator from Massachusetts [Mr. Wil-
son] chose to say, that he wished for no more
omnihusses, I will remark that I am sure I never
was one who desired to present an omnibus, nor
did I suppose that the reference of a paper which
contains two distinct propositions, to be consid-
ered by a committee, would justify any committee
in making an omnibus bill, and embracing things
that were not contained in the reference. When
the bill to which the Senator alluded, called the
omnibus bill, was committed to the committee of
thirteen, a great many questions, besides that of
the admission of a State, were submitted with it,
and the committee was therefore authorized to
make an omnibus. Such a committee as I pro-
posed, however, could not be authorized to make
any such thing.
But, sir, I have withdrawn the proposition. I
made it on behalf of those who have objected to
it. I contemplated the distribution of the mem-
bers of that select committee according to the
feelings of the people of the United States, so
that all sections might be represented upon it;
but inasmuch as the gentlemen in whose behalf
1 have made the suggestion think the. Committee
on Territories is preferable, I yield to their wishes
and concur in their desire.
Mr. CUTLER. Mr. President, I hope this
subject will take the direction which has been in-
dicated by what seems to be the geneial voice of
the Senate, and that it will go to the Committee
on Territories. My honorable friend from Ten-
nessee, [Mr. Bell,] who is a member of that
committee, is an able lawyer. There is another
member of that committee, [Mr. Collamer,]
who has, I believe, been distinguished for his
judicial learning. I have no right, by anticipa-
tion, to suppose that anything will come from
that committee but what will be proper; but I
hav^hcard it said here, or at least I have heard
it iflWnated, that what would come from the
Committee on the Judiciary would come without
authority. Perhaps it is so; it may be so, be-
cause two of us are from the southern States—
it is not worth while to disguise the fact—one
from Georgia and the other from South Carolina.
There is, however, on that committee a very dis-
tinguishecMawyer from Connecticut, [Mr. Tou-
cei\] who, I am sure, would do justice to the
subject. I am glad, however, that this question
is to be taken from those committees of thir-
teen which have, I believef from the time they
were first organized, been associated with com-
promises and discord.
The PRESIDENT. Does the Senator from
Virginia withdraw his motion to refer the message
to the Committee on the Judiciary?
Mr. MASON. I made the motion,because I
could not see in the message of the President that
a single territorial question was presented by it,
but a question upon the proper construction of
the laws of the Territory, or die way of enforcing
them if improperly executed*. My honorable and
distinguished friend from South Carolina, to whose
experience, as well as years, I always defer, and
who is at the head^of that committee, asks that it
shall not be referred to him. As I understand
him to do that, I will withdraw the mbtion. I
wish to say, however, that in making.the motion
I had no reference whatever either to those who
are absent or present on the Committee on Ter-
ritories. I have entire confidence in them. 1 had
no reference to the condition of that committee at
all. I made the motion purely because I thought,
and yet think, that every question contained in
the message is a proper question for those who are
the censors of the law.
The PRESIDENT. The question is on the
motion to refer the message to the Committee on
Territories.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. JONES, of Iowa. It is very well known
to the Senate that the distinguished Senator who
is at the head of the Committee on Territories
[Mr. Douglas] is now absent. It is also known
to myself, because I received the information to-
day, that he cannot be expected to be here for
some time to come. I therefore move that a
temporary chairman of the committee be ap-
pointed by the President of the Senate, until the
distinguished Senator from Illinois shall he
present and resume his place as chairman of that
committee. I desire to have the committee full. I
am perfectly willing to undergo all the labor that
I can; but everybody knows that I am not a law-
yer, and do not pretend to be able to expound the
laws even of the Territories.
Sir, I rccollcct perfectly well that when the
people of Michigan formed a constitution and
State government and elected their Representa-
tive And two Senators, and sent them here with
their constitution, that constitution was referred
to the Committee on the Judiciary, and not to the
Committee on Territories. I believe, as the
Senator from Virginia does, that all the questions
to be decided in this case are purely of a judicial
character, and that they ought to go to that com-
mittee which is constituted for the purpose of
deciding upon such questions. I do not wish to
shrink from the performance of any duty that
may be devolved upon me as a member of the
Committee on Territories; but I do not wish to
assume the discharge of duties for which I do
not feel myself as competent as other gentlemen.
I move, therefore, that the President of the Senate
be authorized to appoint a chairman pro tempore
of the Committee on Territories to act in the
absence of the Senator from Illinois.
Mr. CASS. Allow me to suggest whether the
honorable Senator from Iowa will not accomplish
his object without any uncommon procedure, by
allowing the committee to elect its own chairman.
There are five gentlemen on that <^Jpimittee.
Mr. JONES, of Iowa. We want another
member; my object is to have a full committee.
Mr. CASS. During the temporary absencc
of the chairman, I think every member of the
Senate will be disposed to trust the five members
of the committee who arc left. Let me read the
list of the members of that committee. They are
Messrs. Douglas, Jones of Iowa, Collamer,
BeLl #f Tennessee, Sebastian, and Biggs. I
thmVit is a subject which these gentlemen are
perfectly competent to manage.
Mr. ADAMS. The difficulty arises from the
modesty of the Senator from Iowa.
Mr. JONES, of Iowa. On the suggestion of
the Senator from Michigan I withdraw the mo-
tion.
EXECUTIVE SESSION.
On motion by Mr. FITZPATRICK, the Sen-
ate proceeded to the consideration of executive
business; and after some time spent therein, the
doors were reopened, and the Senate adjourned
to Monday.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Thursday, January 24, 1856.
The House was called to order by the^Clerkat
twelve o'clock, m. Prayer by Rev. Dr. Teas-
dale.
The Journal of yesterday was read andapproved.
INVITATION TO CANDIDATES TO WITHDRAW^
The CLERK. The House having decided yes-
terday that the main question should not then bo
put on the resolution submitted by Mr. Rust,
the^ question recurs this morning, il Shall "the
main question be now put?"
Mr. ALBRIGHT. I call for the yeas and
nays on that question.
Mr. COBB, of Georgia. The yeas and nays
have already been ordered by the House.
The CLERK. They were ordered yesterday,
and the vote was then taken by yeas and nays.
Mr. PRINGLE. I move to lay the 'whole
subject on the table.
Mr. FULLER, of Pennsylvania. Before the
vote is taken, I desire, with the permission of the
House, to say a few words. [Cries of " Hear
him!" " Agreed!"]
The CLERK. If there be no objection, the
gentleman from Pennsylvania will proceed.
[Cries of "No objection!"]
Mr. FULLER. I have but a single remark to
make.
The CLERIC. No objection being made,.th®
gentleman will proceed.
Mr. FULLER. I believe it is generally un-
derstood, that immediately upon the introduction
of the resolution of the gentleman from Arkansas,
[Mr. Rust,] I signified my wish and intention
to withdraw as a candidate for the speakership.
This has been my desire for weeks; I have so
expressed myself to my friends. As, however,
they have considered my name under their con-
trol, and not under my own,I have permitted the
continuance of its use, without public objection.
But I desire now distinctly to withdraw it, and
to have it so understood. I wish, at the same
time, to return my acknowledgments for the sup-
port which I have received, and for the uniform
kindness and courtesy with which I have been
treated; and to express the hope that we may
now adopt some plan of action by which these
difficulties may bo settled—some mode of adjust-
ment which will bo agreeable to ourselves, satis-
factory to our constituents, and honorable to the
whole country.
Upon the motion of Mr. Pringle, to lay the
resolution of Mr. Rust upon the table, the yeas
and nays were demanded, and ordered.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. 1 hope the House
will permit the names of Messrs. Richardson
and Fuller to be stricken out of the resolution,
as they are not now candidates.
A Member. I object.
Mr. JONES. Of course it cannot be done if
there is objection..
The CLERK. As objection is made, it is not
competent to alter the resolution.
Mr. HOUSTON. I propose Jo ask for a divis-
ion of the resolution, so that there may be a vote
taken upon the resolution separate from the pre-
amble.
The CLERK. Such a proposition is not in
ordrtr now, as the pending motion is to lay the
resolution upon the table.
Mr. CLTNGMAN. I-ask that the resolution
may be again read, as some gentlemen do not
remember the phraseology.
The resolution was accordingly again read, as
before reported.
The question was then put, with the following
result—yeas 100, nays 99; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs Albright, Allen, Allison, Barboar, Bar-
c'uiv, Henry Bemieu, Benson, Bjllingliurst,Bingham, Bliss,
BiarUlmv, Brenton, Buffington, Burlingame, Lewis D.
Campbell, Chatfre. Claw^on, Williamson K. W. Cobb, Col-
f.u, Corom?, Covodc, Oragm, Craigc, Cumbaok, Pamrcil,
Tuuoihy Davis, Day, Dean, l>e Witt, Dick,Dickeon,Dodd,
Durt'ee, Edie, Eimie, Giddings, GUbeit, Granger, Grow,
Robert 13. Hall, Harlan, HoIJoway, Thomas R. llorton, Val-
entine B. Iloiton, Howard, Hugh^on, Kel&ey, King, Knapp,
Knight, Kuowlton, Knox, Loiter, Mace, Matteson,JVIc-
Robbms, Sabm, Sapp, Sherman, Simmons, Spinner, Stan-
ton, Stranahan, Tappan, Thonngton, Thurston, Tratton,
Tyson, Wade, Wakeman, Walbndge, Waldron, C&dwal-
ader C. Wastibume, Bliitiu B. Wasshburne, Israel W&ah-
