294
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 24,
burn, Watson, Welch, Wells, Wood, Woodruff, and Wood-
WNAYS-^Messrs. Aiken, Barfcsdale, Bell, Hendley S. Ben-
nett Bocock, Bowie, Bovce, Broom, Burnett, Cadwalader,
John P. Campbell, Carlile, Caruthers, Caskie, Chngman,
Howell Cobb,Cox, CaJJen, Davidson, Dowdoll, Dunn, Ed-
mundson, Edwaids, Elliott, English, Efchendge, Eustis,
Evans, Faulkner, Florence, Foster, Henry M. Fuller,
Thomas J. D. Fuller, Goode, Greenwood, J. Morrison Har-
ris, Sampson W. Harris, Thomas L. Harris, Harrison, Ha-
ven,Herbert, Hoffman,Houston,Jewett,George W.Jones,
J. GJancy Jones, Kelly, Kennett, Kidvvel), Lake, Letcher,
Lumpkin, Alexander K. Marshall, Humphrey Marshall,
Samuel S. Marshall, Maxwell, McQueen, Smith Miller,
Millson, Milhvard, Mooie, Mordecai Oliver, Orr, Packer,
Pamc, Peck, Phelps, Poiter, Quitman, lleade, Ready, Ric-
aud, Richardson, Riilin, Rust, Sandidge7 Savage, Scott,
Samuel A. Smith, William Smith, William R. Smith, Sneed,
Stephens, Stewart, Svvope, Talbott, Taylor, Todd, Tnppe,
Valk, Walker, Wainer, Watkins, Whitney, Wil basis,
Winslow, Daniel B. Wnght, John V. Wright, and ZolJi-
coffer—99.
So the resolution was laid upon the table.
VOTE FOR SPEAKER.
The House then proceeded to vote the one
hundred and twenty-third time for Speaker, with
the following result: Whole number of votes
cast, 203; necessary to a choice, 102; of which—
Nathaniel P. Banks received  86
James L. Orr 
James B. Ricaud  IB
Henry M. Fuller  32
Lewis D. Campbell    3
Alexander 0. M. Pennington  1
Solomon G. Haven  1
John R. Edie  1
Smith Miller    1
Lui'iier M. Kcimett.    1
John Williams    1
So there was no choice.
* The following is the vote in detail:
For Mr. Messrs. Albright, Allison, Ball, Har-
bour, Henry Bennett, Benson, Biihnghmst, Bingham, Bli^s,
Bradsshavv, Bienton, Bulnngton, Buriumame, Lewis D.
Campbell, Chafloe, Colfax, Coimns, Olaweon, Covode,
Ciagin, Citmbaek, Damiell, Timothy Davis, Day, Dean,
JDe V\ritt, Dick, Dickson, Dodd, Durfee, Edie, Emne, Gid-
dings, Gdbeit, Grungci, Grow, Hall, Harlan, Ilolloway,
Thomas 11. Horton, Valentine B. Ilorton, Howard, Hmrb-
ston, IteUcv, King* Knapp, Knight, Knowlton, Knot, Loi-
ter, Mace, Matteson, MeOarty, Meaeham, lvillian MiHei,
Morgan, Morrill, Mott, Nichols, Noiton, Andiew Oliver,
Parker, Pennington, Polion, Peiry, Pcrtit, Pike, Prinze,
Purviance, Ritchie, Bobbins, Sabm, Bapp, Sheima-i, Sim-
mon*, Spinner, Stanton, Stianahan, Tappan, Thoungton,
Thurston, Todd, Trai'ton, Ty.-on, Wade, WaUeman, Wal-
bndge, Waldron, Cadwalader C. Waahbutno, EUihu B.
Washbume, Israel Washburn, Watson, Welch, Wood,
WoodiutF, and Wuodwortb.
For Mr. Orr—Afc*^s>i>. Aiken, Allen, Barclay, Barksdrde,
Bell, flendl(j)' S. Bennett, Bocock, Howie, Bovce, Bui ne*t,
Cadvvalader, Caruthcis, Ca-kie, Chnginan, Howrlj Cobb,
Williamson R. W Cobb, Ciaice, Davidson, Dowdoll, ild-
muiuison, Elliott, Enifii-li. Faulkner,-Florence, Thomas J.
D. Fuller, Goode, Greenwood, Sampson W. Hani-**, Thomas
L. Hams, Herbeit, Houston, Juwrtt, Geoig'1 W. Join's, J.
Glaney Jones', Kelly, Kidvvell, Letcher, Lumpkin, Samuel
S. Marshall, Maxwell, McMullin, McQueen, Smith Miller,
Million, Moulecai Oliver, Packer, Peek, Phelps Powell,
Quitman, Itiohnrdson, llufim, Rust, Paiuhdso, Bavaixe, S.un-
uei A. Smfth, William Smith, Stephens, Stewart. Talbott,
Ta'ylor, Warner, Watkiiw, Wells, Williams, Winslow,
Daniel B. Wiight, and John V. Wuglil.
For Mr. Uicaitd~MQ$i>v*. Broom, John P. Campbell, Cox,
Henry Winter Davis, Foster,Henry M. Fuller. J. Moin^on
Harrir., Hoffman, Kennett, Lake, Alexander K. Marshall,
Humphrey Marshall, Milhvard, Reade, William R. Smith,
Tnppe, Valk, and Whitney.
For Mr. Fuller—Me-^rs. Carhlc, Cullen, F.theiidge,
Eu.«tis,Evans, Paine, Poiter,ReadyjRicaud, Sneed, Walk-
er, and Zolltcoifer.
For Mr. Campbell—Messrs. Edwards, Moore, and Scott.
For Mr. Pcnnmgton—Mr. Haven.
For Mr. Haven—Mr. Hamson.
For Mr. Efiie—Mi. Dunn.
For Mr. Miller—Mr. Orr.
For 3fr. Kennett—Mr. Swops,
For Mr. Williams—Mr. Wheeler.
When Mr. Underwood's name was callcd,
Mr. ALEXANDER K. MARSHALL an-
nounced that Mr, Umderwood was sick, and
had desired him to say to the House that, for
that reason, he was not present to vote.
RESOLUTION.
Mr. FAULKNER. I desire to submit, for
the consideration of the House, the resolution I
Bend to the Clerk's desk; and upon it I move the
previous question.
The resolution was read, as follows:
lioso/rcrf, That the persistent adherence of the Republican
p.nty to tin' Hon. N vTHANirr, P. Banks as its candidate for
the office of Speaker, aft^r the repeated manifestations by
the majority of the membcis of this House that he does
nut po-j-ess their confidence for that situation, exhibits a
detei mutation to sacufiee the public interests of the coun-
tty to the triumphs of a personal and sectional party, and
that the further continuance of his name before this body,
as the candidate of his party for the office of Speaker,
justly attaches to ins supporters the responsibility for a
failure to organize this House.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I move to
lay the resolution upon the table.
Mr, FAULKNER. I demand the yeas and
nays upon that motion.
Mr. DUNN. 1 hope the gentleman from Vir-
ginia will withdraw that resolution. It will prob-
ably increase an existing unkindness here, which
I think ought to be avoided.
Mr. FAULKNER, I will not withdraw it,
because it expresses my opinion fully. If that
gentleman cannot stand it, I do not know who
can.
TheXJLERK. Debate is out of order.
The yeas and nays were then ordered upon the
motion to lay the resolution upon the table.
Mr. ZOLLICOFFER. Is that resolution amend-
able ?
The CLERK. Not at this stage of the action
of the House—the yeas and nays having been
ordered upon a motion to lay the resolution upon
the table.
Mr, ZOLLICOFFER. Will the gentleman
from Virginia withdraw the motion for the pre-
vious question,in order thut an amendment may
be offered?
The CLERK. A motion to lay the resolution
upon the table is pending,
Mr. FAULKNER. At the request of my
friends, I withdraw the resolution for the present.
VOTE FOR SPEAKER.
The House then proceeded to vote the one
hundred and twenty-fourth time for Speaker,
with the following result: Whole number of
votes cast, 203; necessary'to a choice, 101; of
which—
Nathaniel P. Banks received 95
Jamed L. Oir <58
Henry M. Fuller '2r> '
James B. llicaud 5
Lewis D. Campbell  3
Alexander C. JVl. Peiuungton  1
John Williams  1
William II. English  1
John K. JGdie..:  1
Solomon G. llaven.    X
So there was no choice.
The following is the vote in detail:
For Mr. Banks—Messrs. Albright, Allison, Ball, Barbour,
Heniy Bennett, Benson, Billinghmst, Bingham, Bliss,
Biad-haw, Brenton, Bufhngton, Burlinsamc, Lewis
Campbell, Chafiee, Clawson, Colfax, Comms, Covode,
Crajrin, Cumback, Uairiioll, Timothy Davis, Day, Dean,
Dp Witt. Dick, Dickson, Dodd, Dinfee, JCdio, Emne, Gid-
din.r;s, Gilbert, Gianger, Glow, ltobeit B. Hall, Hailan,
Hollo'.vtiy, Thomas It. Honon, Valentino B. Ilorton, How-
ard, Ilugnsion, KcJscy, King, Knapp, Knight, Knowlton,
Knox, Letter, Mace, Matteson, McCarty, Meaeham, lvil-
lian IMiller, Morgan. Morull, Mott, Nichols, Norton, Andrew
Oliver, Paiker, Pelton, Pennington. Pony, Fottit, Pike,
Piingle, Pmvianee, Ritchie, Robbing, Babin, Sapp, Sher-
man, Smimons, Spinner, Stanton, Stianahan, Tappan,
'i'hormgion, Thurston, Todd, Tyson, Wade, Wakernan,
Walbildg", Waldron, Cadvvalader C. Washburnc, Eilihu
B. Wnshburne, Israel Washburn, Watson, Welch, Wood,
Woodruff, and Woodworth.
For Mr. Orr—Messrs. Aiken, Allen, Barclay, Barks-
dale, Bell, Hendley B. Bennett, Bocock, Bowie, Boyce,
Burnett, Cadwalader, Caruthers, Caskie, Chngman, How-
ell Cobb, Williamson R. W. Cobb, Craig, Davidson, Dow-
dell, EdmumUson, Elliott, English, Faulkner, Florence,
Thomas J. 1). Fuller, Goode, Greenwood, Sampson W.
Harns/fhoinas L. Hams, Herbert. Houston, Jewett, George
W. Jonf^j J. Glancy Jones, Kelly, Kid well, Letcher, Lump-
km? Samuel S. Maishall, Maxwell, McMullin, McQueen,
Smith Miller, Millson, Mordecai Oliver, Packer, Peck,
Phelps, Powell, Quitman, Richardson, iluftin, Rust, San-
didg", Savage, Samuvl A. Smith, William Smith, Stephens,
Stewa't. TalliQJj. Taylor, WTarner, Wotkms, Well?, Wil-
liam^, Wmsloi^Dainel B. Wnght, and John V. Wnght.
For Mi. Fuller—Messrs. Broom, John P. Campbell, Car-
hie, Cnllen, Henry Winter Davis, Eustis, Evans, Foster, J.
Morii-on Hams, Hoffman, Alexaidei K. Marshall, Flum-
phicy Marshall, Milhvard, Pame, Porter, Reade, Ready,
Ricaud, William R. Smith, Sneed, Swope, Valk, Walker,
Wnitncy, and Zolhcofl'er.
For Mr. Ricaud—Messrs. Cox, Henry M. Fuller, Ken-
nett, Lake, and Trippe.
For Mr. Campbell—Messrs. Edwards, Moore, and Sc
For Mr. Pennington—Mr. Haven.
For Mr. WiWahxs—Mr. Wheeler.
For Mr. English—Mr. Orr.
For Mr. Edi'c—Mr. Dunn.
For Mr. Haven—Mr. Harrison.
Mr. ETHERIDGE announced that he had
paired off for the day with Mr. Trafton.
MESSAGE FROM THE PRESIDENT.
Pending the call of the roll,
Mr. Sidney Webster, the Private Secretary
to the President of the United States, appeared
before the bar of the House, and the Doorkeeper
announced, "A message from the President of
the United States."
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio. I object to the
reception of any message.
, and Scott
V
Mr. CRAIGE. I want to know what the mes-
sage is.
Mr. BOYCE. I move to repeal the resolution
restricting debate.
Mr. WALKER simultaneously made the like
motion.
Mr. ORR. I would suggest to the gentleman
from Ohio that the Secretary should first be
allowed to make the announcement that he has a
message from the President, and then let the gen-
tleman [Mr. Campbell] make objection.
The CLERK. Will the House please come to
order ?
[At this time there was great commotion and
excitement in the Hall, a large number of mem-
bers addressing the Clerk, amid loud cries of
" Order!" " Order!"]
Mr. CRAIGE. The gentleman from Ohio [Mr.
Campbell] objects to the reception of something
We do not know what it is. Wow, I desire that
the Clerk shall bo permitted to announce to the
House what it is. After that announcement, it
will be time enough to object. [Loud and con-
tinued cries of " Order!"]
The CLERK. If gentlemen would come to
order, the Clerk would state that the gentleman
from Alabama [Mr. Walker] makes a motion
to rescind the resolution of the House prohibiting
debate.
Mr. dUITMAN. I hope the gentleman from
Alabama will withdraw that motion until we hear
what the Secretary has to say.
Mr. ORR. I hope the Secretary will be allowed
to state to the House whether he has a message
or not.
A Mejiber. What Secretary ?
Mr. ORR. The President's Secretary. And
then, if ho make the announcement that he has a
message, the gentleman from Ohio may object to
its reception.
Mr. CRAIGE, (amid shouts of " Order !") I
do not intend to let any such rifle govern me in
this matter; let gentlemen call " order" as much
as they please. The gentleman from Ohio objects
to the reception of—- [Criesof " Order!"] Call
"order" as much as you please. I understand
all that; nevertheless, I am going to be heard. I
represent a district which was the first to proclaim
independence; and I am not going to be put down
in the performance of my duty. Wo, sir; I in-
tend to be heard.
Mr. FLORENCE. Let us rescind the rule,
then.
Mr. CRAIGE. The gentleman from Ohio ob-
jects, I say, to the reception of a paper, ["Order!
order!"] without anybody having heard what
that paper is. I want to know what u is first;
and I do not intend to be put down. [Continuous
calls to order.] You may call to "order" as
much as you please; it has no weight upon me.
If you want to put me down by force, you may
try it; I will let you know whether I am to be
put down by force or not.
The CLERK. The Clerk would respectfully
appeal to gentlemen to preserve order.
Mr. CRAIGE. I have risen to a point of order;
and I do not intend to be put down.
Mr. PAINE. In the name of God and of my
country, I protest against this whole thing; and
if gentlemen cannot keep order, I call upon you,
Mr. Clerk, to adjourn the House; it is your duty
to do it.
Mr. CRAIGE. I desire to make a point of
order, which I have a right to make, and which
I intend to make.
Mr. PAINE. I stand here as an American
citizen, and proclaim, before God and my country,
that I am ashamed to witness such a scene of
disorder growing up in this House.
Mr. CRAIGE. And I am ashamed that I
should have a colleague who would object to what
is right. I am endeavoring here to exvmse a
right, which it is my privilege to exerc™, and
which I intend to exercise.
Mr. PAINE. I stand up for my country against
the world.
The CLERK. All this debate is out of order.
Mr. CRAIGE. I intend to stand up against
every attempt to trample on my rights.
The CLERK. The Clerk respectfully appeals
to the gentleman from North Carolina to wait
until the motion to rescind the rule precluding
debate be acted on.
Mr. CRAIGE. I desire to state my point of
