1020
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 25,
the attention of the Senate and of the country
to a monstrous evil that has grown up in our
system, and which led to the passage of the dip-
lomatic and consular reform bill of last year. I
find, by reference to Executive document, No. 21,
of the Thirty-Third Congress, second session, a
report from the State Department in answer to
a resolution adopted by the Senate on my mo-
tion, "a statement of the names of ministers,
charges d'affaires, andsecretaries of legation of the
United States, appointed since the 4th of March,
1849, together with the datesof their commission,
the time of the commencement of their compen-
sation, of their departure for their posts, and of
their entering on their official duties thereat."
When was Mr. Marsh appointed? When did
he leave this country? How long did he stay in
Paris ? When did he enter on the discharge of
the duties which had been assigned to him? I
ascertain by this document that he was appointed
on the 29th of May, 1S49, that his salary com-
menced on that day, that he remained in the
United States until the 21st of September, 1849,
and that he entered upon the discharge of his
duties at Constantinople on the 11th of March,
1850, nearly ten mouths after he was appointed.
He remained in this country during the entire
summer after his appointment. Including his out-
fit he received about eleven thousand dollars before
he entered upon the discharge of his duties. He
remained nearly four months in this country
receiving his salary, though no minister was at
the post m Constantinople; he then passed over t#
Parjs, and spent the winter there and in Italy.
Finally, nearly a year after his appointment,
he arrivedat Constantinople, and entered upon the
discharge of the duties of his office. During the
period of his absence from the United States he
received, as I shall show, nearly fifty thousand
dollars. I have a statement from the "Fifth Aud-
itor's office, by which it appears that he received
for salary, $27,348 30; for outfit, $6,000; for con-
tingent expenses, $9,095 07; forinfit, $1,500; for
the special mission to Greece, for which we are
now asked again to compensate him, $£,155 09;
and he received for Mr. J. P. Brown, who dis-
charged his duties I understand during hisabsence
in Greece, $3,558 32; makmga total of $49,657 38.
To this must be added the amount which we
agreed to appropriate theotherday—ovcr$3,000—
making a total of $53,000.
One would suppose that this was a pretty large
sum for a brief trip to Europe. I believe lie was
absent nearly four years in Europe, but he was
only at his post, as well as 1 can learn from the
records—including the time spoilt in the special
mission to Greece—about two years and a half.
He was in Egypt, in Paris, in Switzerland, and
in Trieste. His instructions in regard to the
special mission to Greece were that he wns to
remain in the neighborhood; but where did he go
to? Athens, the point where he was dir^ctod^to
go on this great diplomatic mission, to which I
shall refer pre.sontly, is only three hundred miles
distant from Constantinople; but after going to
Athens, he went from there to Trieste, about a
thousand miles further, to write out his instruc-
tions, and he took ninety days to do it.
These are the facts which I have obtained from
the record. What minister, with an outfit and a
salary of $6,000 a year, ever made out bills for
such contingent expenses as Mr. Marsh did, and
to wnom were they ever allowed before ? I read
you some of the items of contingent expenses
for which he has been paid. I find one item:
"JL.very of two hoises, and grooms, twenty-
eight months, $810." 1 find another item: " Fur
pos*age, §316 17; wages of official servants,
This was not while he was employed on the
special Greek mission, but whilst he was dis-
charging the duties of his regular mission at Con-
stantinople. We were paying for his servants,
for his carriage, for boat hire, and for anew boat
to the legation, and for other contingencies, sums
of money amounting in all to over $9,000. Sup-
pose our minister to England, who received under
the old law a salary and outfit, should charge for
his servants and horses, and have his bills paid
out of the contingent fund of the State Depart-
ment, what would be thought of it? One would
naturally imagine tfcat this gentleman had re-
ceived enough, and that he would not be setting
the bad example of making a claim of this nature
against the Treasury. He has received (53,000.
He should not complain of not receiving enough.
He received an outfit of $6,000; he remainedfour
months in the United States after his appoint-
ment, drawing his salary at the rate of $6,000 a
year; he spent the next winter in Paris, receiving
his salary there also. I take it for granted that
he spent his winter at Paris, because he was not
at his post, as the record shows, for he did not
report himself there until the next spring.
It seems to me, Mr. President, that these are
very substantial objections to the allowance of
this claim. But, now, let me inquire what were
the services for which he asks us to allow him
an additional outfit of $9,000? For going to
Greece on a special mission. For what purpose
was he sent there? To settle a little difficulty
that Dr. King had with' the Grecian Government
in regard to two acres of land adjoining the city
in which he lived. Mr. Marsh went for that
purpose, but he did not complete the settlement of
that matter. He went from there to Trieste, and
took ninety days to write out his report in that
case, for which he received $540, included in the
item of $2,155, to which I have already adverted.
I have copies, obtained from the Fifth Auditor's
office, of the bills which were paid for the con-
tingent expenses of this special mission; and
this is one of them.
For what is he to have $9,000 ? He made no
treaty at Athens. The honorable Senator from
Vermont says that the question was settled after-
wards on the terms which he suggested; but he
did not make the settlement. Mr. Soule, Mr.
Buchanan, and Mr. Mason, our Ministers to
Spain, England, and France, went from their re-
spective missions some time ago to Ostend, on
much more important business than the settle-
ment of this little difficulty of Mr. King, about
two acres of land. What would be thought if
each of those gentlemen should ask for an outfit
of $9,000 for going to Ostend ? It would not be
nearly so absurd, in my opinion, as this claim;
but yet I doubt whether it would receive any
countenance here.
The honorable Senator from Vermont, who
utges this case, told us, in his speech, of Mr.
Marsh's great weight of character as a states-
man, as a man of scicnce, and as a scholar. I
do not know that such considerations have any-
thing to do with a just claim. It makes no dif-
ference who he is, or what he is—it is to the
claim we are to look. On these topics, to which
the Senator referred, I do not "wish to say any-
thing at present. Mr. Marsh was a member of
the llouse of Representatives from 1845 to 1848,
and I am willing that he shall be adjudged, in the
particulars to which the Senator from Vermont
referred, by his record there. I shall say nothing
about it now.
It seems to me that I have stated some conclu-
sive objections to the passage of this bill. It is
of evil example. One sum of this kind, paid .
without just cause or proper evidence, for pre-
tended service, for colorable services, will bring
twenty other cases here. Compare the services
tendered by Mr. Marsh,for which hehasaheady
received $50,000, with the services of the officers
of the Army connected with the topographical
bureau who have made our boundary surveys j
—who have obtained valuable information in re- j
spect to the geography and topography of the |
country—who have been compelled to lie down to ,
rest on arid plains for many nights in succession j
—who have received fifteen or sixteen hundred !
dollars a year. j
These, sir, are my reasons, briefly stated, for
resisting the passage of this bill. 1 know it is
not a pleasant duty to oppose claims made by
ex-members of Congress. It affords me no
pleasure; but it is a duty in this case, and I have
endeavored to discharge it. I have stated the
facts plainly and bluntly, but with no intention
of giving olFense in any quarter whatever. I
have endeavored to state them truly from the
record, and I shall be sorry if I have done mjus- I
tice to anybody. j
Mr. FOOT. Mr. President, I shall make but
a brief reply to the course of remark in which the ■
honorable Senator from Pennsylvania has seen j
proper to indulge m reference to this claim. I |
shall not indulge in any spirit of passion; neither
shall I speak with any feelings of unkindness to-
wards that Senator. I shall seek no personal
controversy with him. I have'known him and
been associated with him fer many years in this
and in the other branch of Congress; and I am
happy to say, that our personal relations have
always been marked by a kindly and courteous
intercourse. I shall provoke no interruption of
those relations. I can bear cheerful testimony to
the fidelity, and especially to the assiduity, with
which he has always devoted himself to the dis-
harge of his public duties as a member of either
House of Congress. I have been accustomed to
regard him as an honorable matf—as a man of in-
tegrity, uprightness, and justice; and as one who,
while exercising a proper care for the public in-
terest, would at the same time deal justly by all
men, and would not intentionally do injustice to
any. I entertain the same opinion of him still.
I am not prepared to believe that, in the course of
remark in which he has seen fit to indulge on this
occasion, he has followed the promptings of his
own better nature, or the convictions of his own
better judgment. I cannot but suppose that he
has been prompted to this extraordinary demon-
stration unadvisedly—unconsciously, perhaps—
but, nevertheless, through some strange misap-
prehension of the merits of this case. He must
have been misinformed upon many points; at any
rate, he must have been deceived and imposed
upon from some quarter. I apprehend he must
have been prompted to this opposition by some
extraneous, outside, sinister influences which
may have been brought to bear upon him. I
will accept almost any supposition in charitable
extenuation for what I cannot but regard as an
unjust and unjustifiable assault upon an honor-
able man, and upon a just claim.
It is not to be disguised that, for some reason—
for some cause, satisfactory to himself, no doubt
—that Senator has always manifested a singular
hostility to this claim, if not to Mr. Marsh him-
self, which he, however, disclaims, and I accept
his disclaimer. Other claims for similar services,
and for much larger sums, have again and again
passed this body, without eliciting a word of
objection from the honorable Senator from Penn-
sylvania; but whenever this case comes up fo-r
consideration in his presence, it encounters his
manifestly bitter opposition—not altogether un-^
mixed, apparently,! regret to say, with feelings of
personal resentment; but again, I do not charge
it or impute it to the gentleman against his dis-
avowal of personal hostility.
Sir, the character, and position, and services
of Mr. Marsh, require no defense at my hands
before this body. They are well known here;
they are well known and appreciated by the coun-
try. He served for six years in the other branch
of Congress with distinguished merit, and where
many of us who are here to-day, together with
the Senator from Pennsylvania himself, served
with him. He has been the accredited and hon-
ored representative of this Government at a
foreign court—a position for which he was emi-
nently qualified, and whose duties he discharged
with great credit to himself and to the country.
An intimate personal acquaintance of thirty years
authorizes me to say that his private life and
character are above reproach. He is a man upon
whose integrity a whisper of suspicion or doubt
never rested. Asa scholar, a statesman, and a
diplomatist, he stands proudly eminent before
this country, and commands the respect of all
men who appreciate learning, and talent, and
virtue. He is known to the literary world as
one of its most distinguished ornaments.
But, sir, I do not stand here to speak the praises
of George P. Marsh. I stand here now only to
repel unprovoked and unjust assaults upon him,
or upon his claim; and to ask that justice—
simple, even-handed, impartial justice, bo done
him; and which, I am happy to say, has never
been denied him, or withheld frbm him in the
Senate of the United States. This claim is a
very plain one; it is one very simple in its char-
acter; and it is a very clear one. It has been
once and again brought before this body, and it
is well understood by us all. The bill simply
directs the Secretary of the Treasury, in the
settlement of Mr. Marsh's accounts, to make him
the same allowance which has been uniformly
made under like circumstances in all other eases.
The case is briefly this: Mr. Marsh was com-
missioned by President Taylor to represent this
Government at the Ottoman Porte, at Constant!-
