1894
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
August 2,
ruling necessity now requiring; any such extrava-
gant expenditure. True, it is very well to keep
up the system so far as the great commercial sea-
ports are concerned—such as San Francisco, New
York, and other important points; but I regard
this system of building up fortifications at the
jneuth of every stream, as a gross and wanton
extravagance on the part of the Government. We
might just as well ask to have fortifications at the
mouth of the Great Miami river in Ohio, in my
judgment, as to ask to have fortifications built
upon the northern lakes. I, therefore, hope the
committee will stand by the bill as it is. There
was no estimate in the regular estimates pre-
sented to the committee for the fort for which
gentlemen now propose to provide. I think it
would be a useless expenditure of money; and,
with all deference to the gentleman from New
York, I think it is not called for by the public
interest, and I trust it will not be allowed.
Mr. McCARTY. The report says:
" Fort Ontario, Oswego, New York.—Nothing has been
done during the year. On examination, early in the year,
the timber revetment of the scarp was found to be more
decayed than was anticipated, and will require extensive
renewal; several of the wooden gun-platforms also require
renewal. Stone pmtle-blocks and traverse-circles are also
needed.-*'
The estimates were subsequently furnished to
the committee; and the letter addressed to the
chairman of the committee ia before the House.
Mr. GIDDINGS, by unanimous consent, with-
drew his amendment.
The question recurring upon Mr. McCarty's
amendment, it was put; and the amendment was
disagreed to.
The Clerk then resumed the reading of the
biH.
The following clause being under considera-
tion:
For fortifications at Alcatraz Island, San Francisco bay,
California, $200,000.
Mr. H. MARSHALL offered the following
amendment:
Provided, That the permanent title to the said island
Shall be seemed to the United States before any of tlus
appropriation shall be expended.
Mr. HOUSTON. 1 desire to ask the chair-
man of the Committee of Ways and Means, in
connection with this amendment, whether the
title to this island has not already passed to the
Government, and whether the island is not already
tinder its jurisdiction ?
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio. I understand that
it has, but the proviso cannot do any harm.
Mr. HOUSTON. I understand that that pre-
caution was taken at an early stage of our legis-
lation upon this subject, and hence the proviso
is unnecessary now. The injurious effect which
the proviso would have is this: it would show a
distrust on the part of the Government of its own
title, whereas its title may be good. I have no
doubt the title is good; but this proviso would
seem to imply that the Government believed that
it had not a good title, and that might throw diffi-
culties in the way.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio. I am instructed
by the Committee of Ways and Means to offer
the following amendment:
For the purchase of additional land for defensive purposes
on Staten Island, New York harbor, $43,300.
The amendment was agreed to.
The following clause being under considera-
tion:
For repairs of Fort Morgan, mouth of Mobile bay, Ala-
bama,^,000— '
Mr. WALKER. I move to increase the ap-
propriation to |35,000. I will state to the Bouse
that FortMorgan is, in fact, the only means ofpro-
tection for the channel leading from Mobile point
to the Gulf of Mexico. The fort stands a short
distance from the Mobile Point light-house. As
evidence of the value of that fortification, I need
only mention the fact which is known in the his-
tory of the country, that during the war with
Great Britain, a large British frigate was sunk at
the entrance of the channel of Mobile bay, by
funs fired from the walls of that fort. 1 have
een within it several times, and I know it to be
one of the best built fortifications upon any por-
tion of our coast, but for some years past it has
been shamefully neglected. I think, perhaps,
that not more than one or two men have been
stationed there for the last eight or ten years; and
the buildings, going to decay, have been renewed
in part, and some repairs made, by small appro-
priations which have been made from time to
time. I find, by examining the report of the
Secretary of War, that he considers that §25,000
will be sufficient to put them in repair for the
accommodation of officers and men. I trust the
committee will consent to increase the appropria-
tion to $35,000.
Mr. LETCHER. We have inserted in this
bill exactly the amounts that were presented to
us in the annual estimates. I see from the re-
port of 1851, which was made to this House, that
the estimated cost of the construction or repair
of Fort Morgan, Mobile Point, was $1,245,556.
The amount expended was $1,212,556. The
amount required at that time to complete or con-
struct was $30,000. That appropriation was
made in the year 1851. Now I uo not know
exactly what appropriations were made between
the year 1851 and the year 1856; but inasmuch
as this $25,000 is furnished as the estimate from
the War Department, I take it that it must have
been furnished on some data satisfactory to them,
that that would be sufficient, in their estimation,
to complete the erection of that fortification.
Mr. WALKER. I propose to modify my
amendment by reducing the sum §500. I do this
merely for the purpose, of replying to my friend
from Virginia. What the gentleman says about
the annual estimate is true. But, if I mistake
not, the only expenditure made on that fort since
1851 has fallen short of $3,000. The gentleman
and myself draw our conclusions from wholly
different papers. He refers to the annual esti-
mates. 1 refer to the estimate diawn from the
Department by a special resolution offered at the
present session of Congress. In reply to that
resolution, in March last, the chief engineer says
that $50,000 is necessary to put this fort in proper
condition. It seems to me that, where money
has been appropriated for the completion of these
fortifications, the wisest policy is to make appro-
priations which will at once attain the desired
end, instead of running the appropriations through
a long scries of years. The latter policy must,
as a matter of course, result in a larger expendi-
ture than if the policy were adopted of making
sufficient appropriations at the time. I will not
trespass on the time of the committee, but I trust
the committee will adopt my amendment.
The question was taken; and the amendment
was not agreed to.
Mr. QUITMAN. I am directed by the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs to propose the follow-
ing amendment after line fifty-two:
For tiie [imcha^e of seven hundred and fifty-two thou-
sand seven hundred and fltty-one r-quaie teet ot giound
adjacent to the Washington arsenal, and for the use thereof,
the sum of ;^7,2o0, to be applied under the dnection of the
Secretary of War: Provided, The said quantity of land can
be purchased for an amount not exceeding that sum ; and
for draining the swamp land adjoining the said arsenal, to
improve tiie health of that site, the sum of $2,000, to be
expended tmder the direction of the Secretary of War.
Mr. LETCHER. I raise a point of order
there 
Mr. QUITMAN. Allow me to explain.
Mr. LETCHER. I would very cheerfully
allow the gentleman to explain, but if 1 did, I
should also allow other gentlemen to explain
amendments which I might think not in order.
Mr. QUITMAN. I presume I may be per-
mitted to point to the bill for the purpose of
showing that the amendment is in order. I refer
in the first place to the title of the bill " making
appropriations for fortifications and other works
of defense, and for repairs of barracks and quar-
ters, for the year ending June 30, 1857," and
then I refer to the conclusion of the bill, " for
contingent expenses of fortifications not herein
mentioned, the preservation of sites, the protec-
tion of titles, and repairs of sudden damages to
forts."
I refer also to the amendment which the chair-
man of the Committee of Ways and Means lias
just offered without any objection from the gen-
tleman from Virginia, for the purchase of land on
Staten Island for the purposes of defense. The
Washington arsenal is now m a state of decay.
The ground is so low that the works cannot be
preserved; and if some means are not taken at
the present session of Congress to remedy this
state ofthings, the Government willprobablylose
more in damage than half the amount asked.
The Committee on Military Affairs have had
this matter under consideration. The works will,
if some means be not taken, be so ruined as to
cause a greater loss to the Government than the
sum here asked. After a fulf'examination, accord-
ing to the recommendation of the chief of ord-
nance, and in pursuance of the recommendation
of the Secretary of War, the committee unan-
imously determined that the most economical
mode was to purchase the adjacent land, which i3
offered at reasonable price. The contracts for the
purchase have been laid before the War Depart-
ment. It seems to me that the amendment is
appropriate here; and as there is no doubt of the
necessity of it, I hope the gentleman will with-
draw his objection, because gentlemen will all
agree that it is absolutely necessary that some ap-
propriation be made at the present session to pre-
vent loss to the Government.
Mr. LETCHER. I ask that the question of
order may be decided. If it be decided against
me, I wish to say something in reply.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair holds the
amendment to be in order.
Mr. LETCHER. Well, it strikes me that that
is rather an odd decision.
The CHAIRMAN. If the gentleman is not
satisfied with it, he can take an appeal.
Mr. LETCHER. No, sir, 1 shall not do that.
I should dislike very much to reverse the decision
of the Chair, knowing that it would mortify the
Chair very much, [laughter,] and 1 would not like
tovmake the experiment. It seems to me that so
far as the arsenals are concerned, the yare legiti-
mate amendments to the Army bill; but that is
the first time within my knowledge and experi-
ence in this House, that repairs of arsenals were
regarded as legitimate amendments to the for-
tification bill. So far as the Army bill is con-
cerned, we have already made the appropriations
in it for arsenals which were recommended by the
War Department. Now, when the fortification
bill comes up, we are asked to allow this proposi-
tion to be introduced, and to pass it on the ground
of the pressing necessity, that exists for it. I have
not seen anything brought into this House during
the present session that was not a matter of press-
ing necessity, that could not possibly be post-
poned, and which must be done now, or not done
at all. And yet this arsenal has been standing
here for years. It has been in the use and occu-
pancy of the Government for years, and no rec-
ommendation whatever has been made in regard
to an appropriation for it m connection with this
bill, by the Secretary of War.
So far as these fortifications are concerned, we
have taken the estimates furnished to us at the
opening of this session, and we have confoimed
to these estimates, I believe, in every single in-
stance where they were presented by the War
Department. Now, if this proposition is to be
introduced here, it seems to me it will be a very
difficult matter to tell what proposition would not
be in order on this fortification bill.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair will state to
the committee that, at the time the point of order
was made by the gentleman from Virginia, lie
did not state the ground of it, nor did he call the
attention of the Chair to the point he now makes.
In the view of the Chair, the amendment is not
in order to the fortification bill.
Mr. McCARTY. I move to amend the bill in
line fifty-two, by inserting the following:
For repans of Foit Ontario, in Oswego county. New
York, ®5o,000.
I have simply to say, in reply to the remarks
of the chairman of the Committee of Ways and
Means, that the whole force of his remarks goes
to show that the other appropriation should not
have been made, and that this should. It is
true, that, looking to the existing state of things,
there is no danger impending over this coast,
but still we should take care that these fortifica-
tions do not go to ruin. If there ever was
reason for keeping up fortifications at all in any
portion of the country, it seems to me that this
fort, within fifty or sixty miles of a foreign coun-
try, should be kept up. I call the attention of
gentlemen to the fact, that there are cities upon
that coast to defend. The gentleman from Oluo
speaks of the annexation of the Canadas. Sir,
if he will bring forward a bill for that purposi , 5
will waive this amendment, and will go with hira
