1856.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1021
nople. While he was there, he was charged by-
President Fillmore with a special and responsible
mission to Greece; and he spent eleven months
of arduous labor in the discharge of the duties
connected with that special mission; and the vol-
ume of his reports and correspondence corrobo-
rates my assertion. The fidelity and the ability
with which he discharged the difficult and re-
sponsible duties of that important trust have
received the unqualified commendation of the
present Secretary of State, (Mr. Marcy,) as well
as of his predecessors, (Mr. "Webster and Mr.
Everett.) I will offset their indorsement against
the statements of the Senator from Pennsylvania,
from whatever quarter they may be derived.
All that is now claimed for these extra services
is the same measure of compensation which this
Government has uniformly, and without excep-
tion, allowed when a foreign minister has been
charged with a special extra mission outside of,
and foreign to, the Government to which he was
regularly accredited. It has the recommendation
of the State Department; it has been twice re-
ported by the Committee on Foreign Relations;
it passed the Senate at the last session for pre-
cisely the same amount, without even a call for a
division upon it, after full consideration and dis-
cussion.
Now, sir, we have arrayed before us the amount
of money that Mr. Marsh received while minis-
ter resident at Constantinople. I have not looked
over the figures; I have made no mathematical
computation of his receipts. Undoubtedly, Mr.
Marsh received his regular salary of $6,000 a
year, and an outfit of the same amount, and
nothing more.
But I again say this salary of $6,000 was alto-
gether inadequate; yet I do not use that as an
argument in favor of this claim, but in reply to
what has been said by the Senatorfrom Pennsyl-
vania. It was altogether inadequate to the sup-
port of a minister resident at Constantinople, and
Congress have so admitted, by the fact of their
having since raised it from $6,000 to $9,000 per
annum.
I know the fact that, so inadequate was this
salary for his support while residing there, that
he was obliged to draw from his private funds dt
home to the amount of $5,500, every farthing of
which was applied to his ordinary ex|:>enses; and
that he is a man of economical habits, everybody
who knows him will admit.
This claim, let me repeat, rests on the authority
of precedent, as well as of principle and justice.
It is but one half of the amount of the extra al-
lowance that was recently made—no longer ago
than the very last session—to my friend, Mr.
Schenck, of Ohio. Eighteen thousand dollars
were allowed him for special diplomatic services
in South America, in addition to ins regular sal-
ary as minister to Rio.
It is but half the amount which is proposed to
be allowed to my friend, Mr. Pendleton, of Vir-
ginia, who was associated with Mr. Schenck in
the same commission, fie has received part of
the $18,000. A bill has already passed the House
of Representatives this session, making him an
allowance equal to that made to Mr. Schenck. It
has been sent to this body, referred to the Com-
mittee on Foreign Relations, and reported yester-
day by my friend from New York, [Mr. Fi^h,]
recommending its passage, and will receive my
vote. This claim is less than half the amount of
the extra allowance paid to Commodore Perry
for special diplomatic services in Japan. It is
less, according to the time spent and the labor
performed, than was allowed to Mr. Sanford for
exercising for eight months the office of acting
charge d'affaires while secretary of legation at
Paris. It is the same which was allowed to Mr.
Kerr, of Maryland^late charge d'affaires to Nic-
aragua, for a special journey to San Salvador
and Guatemala.
All these extraordinary allowances were made
at the last Congress, with the exception of that
of Mr. Pendleton for the balance of the $18,000,
a bill for which is now pending before this body.
The precedents are numerous and uniform, and
of the earliest as well as of the latest dates.
These claims are addressed to the discretion of
Congress; but that discretion is to be exercised
in accordance with long-established and well-
settled usage, and in accordance with the plain
principles of justice and of equity. Why, then,
I ask, this opposition to the claim of Mr. Marsh
alone? Plis services were commanded by your
Government, and in obedience to that command
they were rendered; and will you now refuse to
pay him for them ? Why, I ask again emphati-
cally, is his case to be selected from all the rest,
and made the only exception ? Is he to be made
the solitary victim of this injustice ? No, sir; I
apprehend not. No such unjust and partial dis-
crimination will ever be made by this body. The
case is too plain and too clear to require discus-
sion here, and I submit it to the decision of the
Senate without a fear or a doubt of the result.
Mr. BRODHEAD. Mr. President, I have no
disposition to prolong this debate. I have cer-
tainly no unkind feelings towards my friend from
Vermont.
Mr. FOOT. We are good friends always.
Mr. BRODHEAD. My distinguished and
venerable friend from Vermont thinks that I spoke
with an earnestness of manner which betokened
some feeling. I have perhaps, in that respect, an
unfortunate manner. When I speak what I think
and believe to be the truth, I do it with earnest-
ness.
Mr. FOOT. I have not criticised the Senator's
manner. I never do that; it would be very un-
civil.
Mr. BRODHEAD. I admit that I spoke with
some warmth—perhaps more than was becoming
the occasion, because the sum claimed is "only"
$9,000; but I thought that the allowance of the
claim would be of evil example. I think my
friend from Vermont will do me the justice to
say that I have spoken with earnestness against
other claims.
Mr. FOOT. Yes, sir.
Mr. BRODIIEAD. This is not the first in-
stance whore I have opposed claims; but yet he
seems to think that I have singled out this claim,
and have made special opposition to it.
Mr. FOOT. I had reference to claims of the
same character.
Mr. BRODHEAD. I am glad that the Sen-
ator makes that concession; but he will remem-
ber, when I recall it to his recollection, the op-
position which I made in the closing moments of
the last session, in the dead hour of midnight,
to similar claims presented by Messrs. Schenck
and Pendleton, both of them ex-members of
Congress, and ex-ministers, who had negotiated
treaties which had been ratified by the Senate;
and in that respect their case was different from
this. He will remember that I occasionally make
opposition to the purchase of picture-books. 1
know very well that this is not the course by
which to become popular. I know very well that
it creates many enemies, and I do not think it
makes any very warm friends; but I am one of
those who claim to represent on this floor the peo-
ple at home who do the work of the country; who
iaisc bread for the country; who pay the taxes
for the country: and who do not hang about these
halls for extra allowances.
My friend says that Mr. Marsh is a distin-
guished scholar and statesman, and that he
rendered great services m the House of Repre-
sentatives. I have the Congressional Globe here
at my desk, to which I can refer, if necessary, to
show his course there. I think that he ought not
to put the cLum in on that ground. In his first
speech he brought forward, to sustain this claim,
the character of Mr. Marsh. That was quite
unnecessary. Perhaps, before I get through, I
may read some extracts from the Congressional
Glo'bc, from speeches made by Mr. Marsh while
a member of the House of Representatives, and
when I served there also. I recollect very well
his appeal for a dismemberment of this Union. I
recollect very well that he said it was his wish
and desire that our possessions on the Pacific
ocean should be organized into a separate govern-
ment, which of course would become hostile to
this. I recollect his chaste expressions towards
the northern Democracy. I recollect the charges
of plunder which he made against the Democratic
party in regard to the annexation of Texas, and
the declaration of war against Mexico. If the
honorable Senator from Vermont presses me on
this point, I will read them to the Senate. I did
not bring them here, but I recollect them very
well, and have them marked.
Mr. HALE. Let us have them.
Several Senators. Oh, no!
Mr. BRODHEAD. I do not press them; but
I say that such considerations ought not to be
presented here in support of this claim. I make
no charge against him, and I do not intend-to
make any. I have spoken from the record. ' •
It is said that we have paid other similar claims,
and that this is sustained by precedent. Prece-
dent, sir? Do not our evil deeds rise up against
us ? Can you not find a precedent in this Gov-
ernment for anything? Because we have paid
improper claims, is that any reason why we should
pay this? ?
It is said that Mr. Marsh's salary at Constan-
tinople was insufficient. That is a cheap place
to live in, as I understand. The honorable Sen-
ator from Vermont has made no answer to the
remarks which I made; he has not given any
ieason why Mr. Marsh remained in this country
for so long a period after he was appointed^ and
drew his salary.
Mr. FOOT. Can the honorable Senator inform
the Senate how much longer he remained in the
United States than Mr. Buchanan did after he
was appointed minister to England ? how much
longer than other ministers have remained in the
country in order to make necessary preparations
to leave their families and their homes for years,
and before receiving their instructions from the
State Department? Can he diaw a comparison
in this case between the period during which Mr.
Marsh remained, and the time when Mr. Buch-
anan remained in the United States, and various
other diplomatic agents, before going abroad? *
Mr. BRODHEAD. I do not think Mr. Buch-
anan remained as long; but it is not necessary for
me to undertake his defense. The honorable
Senator from Vermont urges that other ministers
remained in the country and drew their salaries
befoie going to their posts. Surely it rests upon
him to produce the record. I have produced it
in this case. I know of no other similar cases.
Besides, two wrongs do not make one right. It
is said that Mr. Marsh's salary was not sufficient.
He received nearly one year's salary and an out-
fit before he arrived at his post. Why is it that
he remained four months in the United States
before leaving? Why did he remain so long in
Paris before going to Constantinople? Surely,
we needed a representative in Tuikey at that
time; but he was not there until nearly a year
after the date of his appointment.
I thought these facts wore worthy to be brought
lo the notice of the Senate. I did not seek any
discussion or controversy in regard to Mr. Marsh 'a
character or standing as a scholar or a states- ^
man, or anything of that land. Such consid-
crayons weie improperly brought heie origin-
ally. They were not necessary. I have confined
myself to the record; I have shown the time
when he was appointed, and how much money
he has received. Is there anything out of order
in that? Is there anything in his case that ex-
empts it from criticism and a just examination ?
I think not. He made no treaty; he negotiated
no important treaty, as did others who have
gone on special sei vic.es; and we have il line upon
line and precept upon precept" against double
salaries and extra allowances. Nearly every year
we have passed acts of Congress prohibiting
extra allowances to those who are bound to give
their whole time to the scrvice of the Govern-
ment. He held a diplomatic appointment from
the Government; he was requested to attend to
Dr. King's case in Greece—a distance of three
hundred miles from his regular mission.
attended to it, and had his expenses paid. His
servants, wages, carriage hire, and other contin-
gent expenses, amounting to $9,000, were paid
out of the contingent funds of the State Depart-
ment. Surely we have dealt libei ally with Mr.
Marsh. Already at this session we have passed
a bill allowing him between three and four thou-
sand dollars. I think it is enough. For that
reason I object to this claim.
The PRESIDENT The hour appointed for
the special order has arrived, and it will be taken
up unless the Senate directs otherwsse.
Mr. FOOT. I apprehend that no special order
takes precedence of this bill. This day was spe-
cially assigned at one o'clock for the considera-
tion of private bilis. It was generally conceded,
however, that, inasmuch as on Friday last we
went through with the Private Calendar, District
of Columbia business should be taken up to-day;
