1856.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
285
34th Cong.... 1st Sess.
Admission of Kansas—Mr. Douglas.
Senate.
since its settlement, and now are, without any law-making
power," &c.
Thus it appears that they started with the as-
sumption that the people of Kansas were then
"without any law-making power," notwithstand-
ing the Territorial Legislature established by
Congress was actually in session making laws on
that very day. We next find them assembled in
convention at Big Springs on the 5th and 6th of
September, when Governor Reeder was nomin-
ated for Congress, and resolutions were adopted
repudiating the validity and authority of the ter-
ritorial government.
In the following resolution they approve of
the proceedings of the Lawrence meeting, for the
reason that they repudiate the acts and authority
of the territorial government established by Con-
gress :  
" Resolved, That this convention, in view of its recent
repudiation of the acts of the so-called Kansas Legislative
Assembly, respond most heartily to the call made by the
people's convention of the 14th ultimo for a delegate con-
vention of the people of Kansas, to be lield at Topeka on
the 19th instant, to consider the propriety of the formation
of a State constitution, and such matters as may legiti-
mately come before it."
Does this look like peaceably assembling to
petition Government for the redress of grievances ?
What humble petitioners ! Approve and indorse
the Lawrence meeting of the 14th for reason that
it repudiated the action and authority of the gov-
ernment which Congress had established for the
Territory! The Lawrence meeting was local,
being composed 6f the inhabitants of the town
and immediate vicinity. The Big Springs meet-
ing was a convention composed of delegates from
every portion of the Territory. Thus, the move-
ment became general, and reached every county
and district in the Territory. "*
But let us pursue the inquiry whether this move-
ment did proceed upon tne idea and keep within
the rule laid down by Attorney General Butler,
in regard to petitioning for redress of grievances
" in strict subordination to the existing territorial
government."
. Here is another resolution adopted by the Big
Springs convention:
" Resolved, That we owe no allegiance or obedience to
the tyrannical enactments of this spurious Legislature ; that
their laws have no validity or binding force upon the people
of Kansas; and that every freeman among us is at lull
liberty, consistently with his obligations as a citizen and a
man, to defy and resist them if he chooses so to do."
This is the first allegation I have been able to
find that the Legislature was a " spurious assem-
blage!" " Owe no allegiance!"—no " obedience
t#the tyrannical enactments!" The "laws have
no validity!"—no "binding force on the people
of Kansas!" Every freeman at liberty " to defy
and resist them!" Is this what is meant by the
sacred right of petition ? Is this what the mi-
nority report means when it asserts the right of
the people " peaceably to assemble and petition
the Government for tne redress of grievances?"
The next resolution points out the mode in
which these humble petitioners propose to redress
their grievances. It is in these words:
" Resolved, That we will endure and submit to these laws
no longer th in the best interests of the Territory require, as
the least of two fevils, and will resist them to a bloody issue
as soon as we ascertain that peaceable remedies shall fail,
and forcible resistance shall furnish any reasonable pros-
pect of success; and that, in the mean time, we recommend
to our friends throughout the Territory, the organization
and discipline of volunteer companies, and the procurement
and preparation of arms."
They will submit only until "peaceable reme-
dies shall fail!" What are these peaceable reme-
dies ? Fortunately we are not left to conjecture
to ascertain. They are clearly defined by Gov-
ernor Reeder, in a speech before the same conven-
tion which passed these resolutions, to be "an
appeal to the courts, to the ballot-box, and to
Congress." But suppose the courts sustain the
validity of the laws, and the people sustain the
Legislature, and Congress refuses to overrule the
people, what then ? Governor Reeder has antici-
pated all these contingencies in the same speech,
and clearly indicated the course to be pursued in
that event. I will let him speak in his own forci-
ble language. He says:
" But if, at last, all these should fail—if, in the proper
tribunals, there is no hope for our dearest rights, outraged
and profaned—if we are still to suffer, that corrupt men
may reap harvests watered by our tears—then there is-one
more chance for justice. God has provided, in the eternal
frame of things, redress for every wrong; and there remains
to us still the steady eye and the strong arm, and we must con-
quer, or mingle the bodies of the opjrressors xuith those of the
oppressed upon the soil which the Declaration of Independence
no longer protects."
Is this what the minority report calls " peace-
ably assembling to petition Government for re-
dress of grievances?" Does this sustain the dec-
laration in the minority report that their action
was all conditional, dependent upon " the acceptance
and ratification by Congress?" The whole argu-
ment of the minority report for the vindication qf
these revolutionary movements in Kansas rests
solely upon these two propositions, which are
directly and undeniably contradicted by the whole
current of their proceedings. It was in the event
that redress could not be had "in the proper tri-
bunals" that Governor Reeder proposed to have
recourse to "the steady eye and the strong arm,"
and " to mingle the bodies of the oppressors with
those of the oppressed upon the soil which the
Declaration of Independence no longer protects!"
It was in the same event, and dependent upon the
same contingencies, that the convention at Big
Springs, professing to represent every county in
the Territory, resolved that they would " resist
them [the laws] to a bloody issue!!" But
having no faith in the legality of their own pro-
ceedings, and consequently no hope of success
"in the proper tribunals," they advised their
friends not to wait for the decision, but "in the
meantime" to organize and discipline military
volunteer companies, and to provide arms and
munitions of war! Does the minority report refer
to the organization and discipline of these volun-
teer companies, and to their " procurement and
preparation of arms," when it speaks of their
Iraving assembled peaceably to petition for redress j
of grievances ? !
In view of these facts I submit the question to
the Senate and the country, with what show of;
fairness or truth does the minority report pretend j
that these proceedings in Kansas were had under j
that clause of the Constitution which secures to .
the people the right " peaceably to assemble and
petition Government for redress of grievances;"
and that they were all conditional, dependent
upon "their acceptance and ratification by Con-
gress
?" It must not be said that these facts
were not known to the minority when the report
was prepared. There were several pamphlet;
copies of these proceedings before the committee |
for more than three weeks before the reports were I
made, and at least one of them in the hands of!
the author of the minority report during all that)
time. These facts are all set forth in the majority ;
report, and were read in open cofnprnttee as a part I
of the report, in the presence of the author of the i
minority report, two days before either report j
was submitted to the Senate. Hence charity and ,
courtesy require us to assume that the author of i
the minority report did not deem these facts ma- 1
terial, and for that reason suppressed them; and,
in consequence of their suppression, he was ena-
bled to arrive at conclusions directly the reverse
of those to which he would have been irresistibly
driven if he had not suppressed them.
In pursuance of the recommendation of these
two conventions, the first at Lawrence, on the
14th of August, and the second at Big Springs
on the 5th and 6th of September, a territorial con-
vention was held at Topeka on the 19th of Sep-
tember, which provided for the election of dele- j
gates to another convention, to be held at the :
same place on the fourth Tuesday of October, to \
form a constitution and State government. At |
an early stage of the proceedings of the constitu- !
tional convention, a Mr. Smith offered a resolution !
instructing the various committees to frame their
work with reference to an immediate organization i
of a State government. This resolution put in
issue the direct question whether their constitu-
tion and other proceedings should be conditional
and dependent upon their acceptance and ratifi-
cation by Congress, or whether they should be
absolute and independent of Congress? This
proposition led to an elaborate discussion, and
was at length adopted, and in substance incor-
porated into one of the articles of the constitution.
A synopsis of this debate on both sides is set out
in the majority report, from which it is apparent
that the proposition was understood and decided
then precisely as I state it now. .Mr. Delahay,
who has since been elected a member of Congress
under that constitution, made an elaborate speech
against the proposition, upon the ground that it
was avowedly an "act of rebellion."- On the
other hand, it was justified and defended as stand-
ing upon the same footing with the Declaration
of Independence, with the distinct avowals on the
part of its advocates that they would not wait a
day for the action of Congress.
No man can read that debate and doubt that
it was their fixed purpose to put a State govern-
ment in operation in conflict with the existing
territorial government, and in defiance of the au-
thority of Congress. The idea of acting in subordi-
nation to the constituted authorities was scouted.
The party which wished to re:nain loyal to the
existing government, until supsrseded by lawful
i means, was defeated, and the revolutionists car-
ried everything their own wav. The constitu-
tion was adopted; the election for State officers
and Legislature has taken place, and the govern-
ment put in operation on tne 4th of this month,
without the consent of Congress, and in defiance
of the constituted authorities in the Territory.
These facts are all set forth in the majority re-
i port—while the minority report passes over in
silence the debates and proceedings of the con-
vention which.formed the constitutional Topeka,
and the Big Springs convention, and all other
acts which give the real character to the move-
ment, and show it to be a case of open and un-
disguised rebellion. The minority does not ques-
tion, much less disprove, the truth of any fact
stated in the majority report, nor does it produce
any new or additional evidence which would
qualify or change the character of the revolution-
ary movement as presented in the majority re-
port. The distinguishing feature of the minority
report is, that it suppresses a large portion of the
material facts, and, in consequence of that omis-
sion, is enabled to arrive at conclusions which
would have been utterly impossible had all the
facts been truly and fairly presented. While the
minority report distinctly states that the whole
movement in • Kansas w^ nothing more than
" peaceably to assemble and petition Government
for the redress of grievances," and that their ac-
tion was conditional upon " the acceptance and
ratification by Congress, "there are some passages
which betray doubts of the correctness of this
position. For instance:
" Whatever views individuals may at times, or in meet-
ings, have expressed, and whatever ultimate determination
may have been entertained in the result of being spumed
by Congress and refused redress is now entirely immaterial.
That cannot condemn or give character to the proceedings
thus far pursued.'.'
" Immaterial" as to the object of the assembly!
Why, sir, its character depends on its object—
the motive and the ultimate design give character
to the transaction. Is it immaterial whether they
assembled peaceably to petition for redress of
grievances, or to organize and mature a plan of
rebellion against the United States? Is it imma-
terial whether the plan contemplated submission
or resistance to the authority of Congress in case
of an adverse decision upon their application for
admission into the Union ? The mere statement
that " whatever ultimate determination may have
been entertained in the event of being spurned by*
Congress and refused redress, is now entirely
immaterial," betrays a consciousness that there
was an "ultimate determination" inconsistent
with their loyalty to the Constitution and laws
of the land. Why not state all the facts from
which that "ultimate determination" clearly
appears, instead of concealing it by suppressing
the material facts which gave character to "the
movement?"
Again:
" Thus far this effort of the people for redress is peaceful,
constitutional, and right. Whether it will succeed rests
with Congress to determine; but , cleat it is that it should
not be mot and denounced as revolutionary, rebellious,
insurrectionary, or unlawful, nor does it call for, or justify
the exercise of, any force by any department of this Govern-
ment to check or control it."
A movement should not be called " revolution-
ary" when its origin, progress, and aim consist
in nothing but revolution ! It should not be called
" rebellious" when its authors,.in an event certain
to happen, avowed their "ultimate determina-
tion" to be rebellion! It should not be called
" insurrectionary" when its first act, ajid each
