1856.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
295
order; I have a right to do go, and am determ-
ined to exercise that right.
Mr. GIDDINGS attempted ineffectually to
make himself heard.
Mr. CRAIGE. I have got a right to make a
point of order here, and I intend to make it. My
point of order is this: As soon as a gentleman
comes into this House, whom we do not know
either by name or otherwise, a gentleman from
Ohio [Mr. Campbell] gets up and objects to the
reception—of what? Why, we do not know
what it was. Now, my point of order is, that
we have a right to know who the messenger is,
what message he brings us here, and what he
asks of this House. And then, if the objection
of the gentleman from Ohio to the reception of
the message be good, we will sustain him; and,
if the objection be not well founded, we will vote
him down. We are the House of Representa-
tives of the United States—a coordinate branch
of this Government; and while we are, wc have a
right to hear what the President of the United
States deems it his duty to communicate to us.
Let the messenger announce to us first who he
is, and what he brings us.
Mr. WALKER. Mr. Clerk, I wish to state 
The CLERK. Will the gentleman first allow
the gentleman from North Carolina to state dis-
tinctly what is his point of order ?
Mr. WALKER. I wish to state that I want
the message to be properly announced. I will
withdraw my motion to rescind the rule prohib-
iting debate, until it has been announced what it
is that is to be received. Then I shall renew it.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio. I raise the ques-
tion of. order, that under the rule, under the res-
olution of the House, passed some days ago, we
cannot do any other business except to go on
and vote for Speaker. It is not, therefore, com-
pet^t for the House to receive the message, un-
less they rescind that rule.
Mr. STEPHENS. I move to receive the mes-
sage; and upon that motion I ask the previous
question.
Mr. HUMPHREY MARSHALL. I second
the demand for the previous question.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. The gentle-
man moves to receive the message. What mes-
sage? There is 110 message that the motion can
apply to.
Mr. STEPHENS. The Doorkeeper has an-
nounced a message from the President of the
United States.
The CLERK. The gentleman from Georgia
will allow the Clerk to suggest that there are two
questions of order pending, which must first be
decided. The gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Camp-
bell] originally rose and objected to something;
to which the gentleman from North Carolina
[Mr. Craioe] followed, with the point of order,
that the gentleman from Ohio had no right to
object until the paper, whatever it was, had been
received and read, so that it could be known
what it was.
Mr. CRAIGE. No, sir; the Clerk does me
' injustice. The gentleman from Ohio rose and
objected to the reception of the paper—or to
something.
Mr. HUMPHREY MARSHALL. The mes-
sage ?
Mr. CRAIGE. No, sir; not to the message.
No message has been announced. We do not
know that there is a message. The gentleman
from Ohio objected to something; we do not
know what that something was. I then made
the point of order, that we, as a representative
body, should be doing injustice to ourselves, and
injustice to another and coordinate branch of the
Government, if we did not hear and understand
clearly and distinctly what it is that is desired
of us, who is the messenger, and what he bears
to us. The objection of the gentleman from
Ohio, or of any one, cannot be received until
that much is known.
The CLERK. The gentleman from North
Carolina will permit the Clerk to suggest that
this difficulty may all be avoided by the motion
which has been made by the gentleman from
Georgia, [Mr. Stephens,] and seconded by the
fentleman from Kentucky, [Mr. IJumphrey
Iarsiiall.] The previous question has been
demanded; and if gentlemen will withdraw their
tjuestions of order, the House can then determ-
ine for itself whether it will receive the paper.
Mr. CRAIGE. But, sir, I want before any
such question is put, before any question is de-
cided, that the messenger, whoever he is, shall
announce to the House what proposition it is
that he makes. The House can then determine
whether they will grant it. The messenger has
that right, and the members of the House have
the right to this information.
Mr. HOUSTON. If the gentleman from
Georgia will wait for a moment, before making
his motion,until the message has been announced,
it seems tome that it could, with better propriety,
be submitted to the House. It seems to me that
the gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Campbell] should
wait until it has been announced before making
his objection. Then would be the proper time
to raise the objection.
Mr. CAMPBELL. The message was an-
nounced.
Mr. HOUSTON. No, sir; the message was
not announced. We do not know what is asked
of us by the messenger. The gentleman from Ohio
will see, upon a moment's reflection, that we do
not know what may be the character of the com-
munication the messenger has to make. It may
be that the message is something that is entirely
within the competency of the House, in the gen-
tleman's own view, to receive. It may be that it
furnishes some information in response to a res-
olution of a former Congress, requiring no Iegis-,
lation, and to the reception of which there can
be no objection. I think the Secretary should be
permitted to make his announcement; and then,
if he announces a message, we shall be prepared
fo vote upon its reception.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio. On a former oc-
casion, when a message from the President was
transmitted to us, the point was made upon me
that the objection to its reception came too late,
that the announcement was made, and the mes-
sage deposited by the Secretary of the President
upon the Clerk's desk, before objection was made.
I desired now to enter my objection in time.
Mr. CRAIGE. The point was made upon the
former occasion to which the gentleman refers,
that the objection came too late. My point now
is, that the objection came rather too soon.
Mr. CAMPBELL. As it has been suggested
that the motion of the gentleman from Georgia
will permit the question on the reception to be
settled by the House, I wilt withdraw my point
of order, and allow the question to be taken upon
that motion.
Mr. STEPHENS. I demand the previous
question.
The CLERK. The gentleman will recollect
that there are two points of order that m List ,.J)e
settled before the main question can be ordered
upon the motion that the message be received.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I have already stated that
I withdraw my question of order for the purpose
of allowing the vote to be taken upon the motion
of the gentleman from Georgia.
Mr. CRAIGE. I am perfectly willing to con-
cede to the gentleman from Ohio the right to ob-
ject to the reception of the message; but the
point of order I have raised is as to the time of
making it. The point was made the other day
that it was made too late: I now make the point
that the objection was made too poon. [Cries of
"Order!"] m.
The CLERK. The gentleman will permit the
Clerk to state 
Mr. CRAIGE. I insist upon my point of order.
I want that the message should be announced
before objection is made to its reception. [Cries of
"Order!"]
Mr. QUITMAN. Mr. Clerk, I have this point
of order to make to the House, and I pledge
myself that whatever my opinions may be I
will abide by them. I have no wish that the
House should be taken by surprise; but, sir, I
submit that it is the right of every member of the
House to hear what announcement the Secretary
of the President has to make. How is it known
that he has a message to present ? To what does
the gentleman from Ohio object? If there is a
message presented here, I am willing that the
gentleman from Ohio should have a fair chance
to object to its reception; but let us hear what
announcement the Secretary wishes to make.
Mr. CAMPBELL. A message has already
been announced by the Doorkeeper
Mr. CRAIGE. No,-;,.
Mr. ORR. The Doorkeeper made the an-
nouncement in the visual form. The gentleman
from Ohio knows that the Doorkeeper should
announce a messenger from the President of the
United States, or something of. that sort. The
Secretary himself announces that he has a- mes-
sage. When that announcement has been made,
it will then be competent to object to its recep-
tion.
Mr. HUMPHREY MARSHALL. It occurs;
to me that it is a matter that involves the privi-
lege of a member of this House  [Cries of
" Order!"]
Mr. RUST. I call the gentleman from Ken-
tucky to order. If gentlemen are to be allowed
to speak out of order I have something to say.
If this debate is to go on, let all have an equal:
opportunity. [Cries of " Order !" "Order!"]
Mr. STEPHENS. I rose to a privileged ques-
tion some minutes since. 1 moved that the mes-
sage be received, and demanded the previous
question. I ask that the vote may be taken upon
my motion. [Considerable confusion ensued.] v
Mr. BARKSDALE. I demand that the vote
be taken upon the motion of the gentleman from
Georgia.
Mr. CRAIGE. I want the vote to be first taken
upon my point of order. I insist that no objec-
tion can be raised—no vote taken until the an-
nouncement desired to be made by the Secretary
of the President has been made.
Mr. BARKSDALE. I insist that the vote
shall be taken upon the motion of the gentleman
from Georgia, [Mr. Stephens.]
The CLERK. The House must first settle the
questions of order that have been raised.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I desire to know
what it is that the gentleman from Georgia moves
to rcccivc ^
Mr. STEPHENS. The message.
The CLERK. Does the gentleman from North
Carolina withdraw his question of order? or, if.
not, will the gentleman state precisely what it
is?
Mr. CRAIGE. My jioint of order is that the
messenger from the President shall be allowed to
announce to the House what it is that he has for
us. The House will then be prepared to act
upon it.
The CLERK. The Clerk would suggest to
the gentleman from North Carolina that he should
withdraw his point of order until the vote has
been taken upon the motion of the gentleman
from Georgia, which will obviate the necessity
for the point. Does the gentleman from North
Carolina now withdraw his point of order?
Mr. CRAIGE. I withdraw my point of order
if the gentleman from Ohio withdrew his whole
proposition.
The CLERK. The gentleman frcSm Ohio did
so.
Mr. CRAIGE. I understood that he did not
do so. He still holds on to his point on the re-
ception of the message; therefore I insist on my
point of order.
The CLERK. J The gentleman from Ohio
simply objected to the reception of the message.
He still adheres to that objection. The gentleman
from Georgia now moves that the message be re-
ceived; and on that motion calls for the previous
question. The call has received a second.
Several Members. Yeas and nays.
The question was taken; and the Clerk de-
clared tlie yeas and nays ordered.
Mr. BOCOCK. I think there is a misunder-
standing in reference to the yeas and nays. The
House, in my judgment, want the yeas and nays
on the main question, and not on ordering the
main question to be now put. [Cries of " Yeas
and nays on the main question; that is it."]
The CLERK. The Clerk will hold, then, that
the main question has been ordered to be now
put; and that the yeas and nays are ordered on
the main question, which is, "Shall the message
be received?"
There was no objection, and it was so held.
Mr. HOUSTON. Mr. Clerk, wo are now to
vote on the question, "Shall the message be re<-
ceivedr" WJiat message? I wish the announce-
ment to be made by the messenger what is the
character of the message, so that I may vote in-
telligently. I want to know what it is I am
voting on.
The CLERK. The Clerk cannot answer the
