THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
gentleman; the House is now in the execution
of $n order. [Cries of " Call the roll!"]
Mr. MORGAN. Has the last vote for Speaker
been announced?
■The CLERK. It has not. The question was
taken on the question, "Shall the message be re-
ceived?" and it was decided in the affirmative—
yeas 117, nays 84; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Aiken, Allen, Barclay, Barksdale, Beil,
Hendley S. Bennett, Bocock, Bowie, Boyce, Burnett, Cad-
walader, John P. Campbell, Carhle, Carutliers, Caskie,
Clin raan, Howell Cobb, Williamson B. W. Cobb,Comins,
Co*, Craige, Cullen, Davidson, Timothy Davis, Dowdell,
Durfee, Edntundson, Edwards, Elliott, English, Etheridge,
Eustis, Faulkner, Florence, Foster, Henry M. Fuller,
Thomas J. D. Fuller,Goode, Greenwood, J. Morrison Harris,
&amp?on W. Harris, Thomas L. Harris, Harrison, Haven,
Herbert, Hoffman, Houston, Jewett, George W. Jones, J.
Glancy Jones, Kelly, Kennett, Kid well. Knight, Knox,Lake.
Letcher, Lumpkin, Mace, Alexander K. Marshall, Hum-
phrey Marshall, Samuel S. Marshall, Maxwell, MeMulhn,
McQueen, Smith Miiler, Million, Mlllward, Moore, Nich-
ols, Andrew Oliver, Moidecai Oliver, Orr, Packer, Paine,
Peck, Pennington, Phelps, Porter, Powell, Ghntman, llcadc,
  Beady, Ricaud, Richardson, Ritchie, Baffin, Rust, Sandidge,
Savage, Scott, Samuel A. Smith,William Smith,William K.
Smith, Sneed, Stephens, Stewart, Swope, Talbott, Taylor,
Thurston, Todd, Trippe,Tyson, Valk, Wakeman. Walker,
Warner, Watkms, Wells, Wheeler, Whitnev, Williams,
Winslow, Darnel B. Wright, John Y. Wright, and Zoiiicof-
fer—'117,
' NAYS—Messrs. Albright, Allison, Ball, Banks, Barbour,
Henry Bennett, Benson, Billmghurst, Bingham, Bliss,
Bradshaw, Brenton, Broom, Bufiington, Burhngame, Lewis
D. Campbell, Chaffer, dawson, Colfax, Covode, Cumback,
Damrell, Henry Winter Davis, Daj*, Dean, Be Witt, Dick,
Dickson, Dodd, Dunn, Edte, Emue, Evans, Giddmgs, Gil-
bert, Giauger, Grow, Robert B. Hall," Harlan, Holloway,
Thomas 11. Horton, Valentine B. Ilorton, Howaid, Hugh-
stem, Keisey, Knapp, Knovvlton, Leiter, Matteson, Mc-
Carty, .Meachain, lvillian Miller, Morgan, Morrill, Mott,
Norton, Parker, Pelton, Perry, Pettit, Pike, Prmgle, Pur-
vmnce, Robbing, Sabm, Sapp, Sherman, Simmon?, Spin-
ner. Stanton, Strnnahan,Tappan, Thorington, Wade, Wal-
bridge, Waidrou, C'advvaladcr C. Washburne, Elhhu B.
Wa^liburne, l-ra< I W,i>hbuin, "Watson, Welch, Wood,
"VVoodrufi*, and Woodwottii—8-i.
So the message was ordered to be received.
Pending the call,
Mr. ALKXANDERK. MARSHALL rose and
said: Mr. Clerk, am I called on to vote in refer-
ence to the reception of the message from the
President of the United States, now m the hands
of his Private Secretary, who appears below the
bar of the House?
The CLERK. That is the question. '
M). MARSHALL. Then 1 vote ay.
The result of the one hundred and twenty-
fourth vo(f was, by unanimous consent, here
announced as it is above set forth.
The CLERK. The House has voted to re-
ceive thft message.
Mr. MeQAILLN. Mr. Clerk, J move thatthe
President's Private Secretary present his message,
and that it bo now received in the usual lbrm.
The CLERK. That will be done. (To the
Private Secretary.) The House will now receive
the message from the President of the United
States.
Mr. Sidney "Webster, the Private Secretary
of the President, then appeared at the bar of the
House, and said:
I am directed by the President of the United
States to deliver to the House df Representatives
a message in writing, if it lie the pleasure of the I
House to receive it. |
Several Mothers. It is the pleasure of the I
House to receive it. 1
The Doorkeeper laid the rncssa on the Clerk's
table.
Mr. ALEXANDER K. MARSHALL. I
move that the message be read.
Mr. WAKEMAN. And I move that that
motion be laid on the table; and on that motion I
demand the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. CADWALADER. Mr. Clerk, on the
matter ol the constitutional privilege of the House
I desire to refer to the Constitution of the United
States. [Loud and protracted cries of " Order1"
from all parts of the Hall.J
The CLERK. Objection being made, debate
is not in order.
Mr. CADWALADER. I rise to a point of
order. I have the right to state it. [Continued
cries of " Order !"]
The CLERK. The gentleman has the rightto
state his nomt of order.
Mr. CADWALADER. I rise to a point of
order, involving a question of constitutional priv-
ilege. I submit that the House, before the elec- i
January
tion of a Speaker, has a right to have the message
read as "information" communicated by the Pres-
ident, under the third section of the second article
of the Constitution. This section authorizes the
President, on extraordinary occasions, to " con-
vene both Houses, or either of themand makes
it his duty " from time to time" to " give to the
Congress information of the state of the Union,"
&c. The objection founded on the act of Con-
gress of 1789, requiring the Speaker to be sworn,
&c., " before entering on any other business," has
no weight. The word "business" is found in
the fifth section of the first article of the Consti-
tution, which, wheti compared with the third
section of the second article, confirms the propo-
sition, founded on the common sense antl ordi-
nary understanding of mankind, that the receipt
of information, with a view to the future transac-
tion of business, does not involve any present trans-
action of business. It is thus our constitutional
privilege to receive this information at once; and
if we should exclude it we would violate our
duty to our constituents and to ourselves.
[Cries of " Order!" interrupted the above re-,
marks in many places.]
The CLERK decided that the gentleman from
Pennsylvania had the right to state his point of
order, but not to argue it.
Mr. CADWALADER. I have said all that
I desired in ^explanation of my point of order.
The CLERK. Does the gentleman insist on
his point?
Mr. CADJVALADER. I wish the message
read.
The CLERK. The gentleman from Kentucky
moves that the message be read. The gentleman
from New York moves that that motion be laid
on the table. The question is first on the latter
motion, on which the yeas and nays have been
ordered.
The question was taken on the motion to lay
on the table; and it was decided in the negative
—yeas 90, nays 108; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Albright, Allison, Banks, Barbour, Hen-
ry JSemlett, Benson, Billmghurst, Bingham, Bliss, Brad-
shaw, Brenton, Buffington, Burlnigame, Lewis D. Camp-
bell, Chaffee, dawson, Colfax, Coniins, Covode, Ciagin,
Cumbaclt, Damrell, Henry Wintei Davis, Timothy Davis,
I>ay, Dean, Dick, Dickson, Dodd, Dunn, Durfee, Edie,
Kmrie, GuUhngs, Gilbert, Gran^ei, Grow, Robert B. Hall
Ildilau, Holloway, Thomas R. Hoiton, Valentine 33. Hor-
ton, Howard, Ilugh&ton, Keisey, King, Knapp, Knowlton,
Knox, Leitei, Mace, Matteson, McCarly, Meacham, Moore,
Morgan, Morrill, Mott, Norton, Parker, I'elton, Perry,
Pettit, Pike, Pimgle, Puiviance, Ilitcine, Bobbins, >Sabm,
Sapp, Scott, Sherman, Simmon*, Spinner, Stanton, tstran-
alian, Tappan, Thormgton, Wade, Wakeman, Wallmd^e,
WaMron, Cadvvalader C. Washburne, Elhhu B. Wash-
burne, Israel Washburn, Watson, Welch, Wood, Woud-
ru&and Woodworth—90.
jTAYS—Messrs. Aiken, Allen, Barclay, Barksdale, Bell,
Ilendlcy S. Bennett, Boeock, Bowie, JBovce, Broom, Bur-
nett, Cadwalader, John P. Campbell, Carhle, Caruthcr-*,
Caskie, Chngman, Howell Cobb, Williamson R. W. Cobb
Cox, Craige, Cullen, Davidson, Dowdell, Edmundson, Ed-
wards, Elliott, Enqiish, Ethcridge, Eustis, Evans, Fdulk-
nei, Florence, Foster, llenrvM. Fuller, Thomas J. D. Ful-
ler, Goode, Greenwood, J. Morrison Harris, Sampson W.
Ilaiiis, ThomasL. Hams, Haven, Heihert, Hoffman, Hous-
ton, Jewett, George W. Jones, J. Glancy Jones, Kelly, Ken-
nett, Kidweil, Knight, Lake, Letcher, Lumpkin, Alexan-
der K. Marxian, Humphiey Marshall, Samuel S. Maishaii,
Maxwell, MeMulhn, McQueen, Smith Miller, Millson,
Milhvard, Nichols, Andrew Ohvei, Mordoeai Oliver, Oir
Packer, Paine, Peek, Pennington, Phelps, Powell, Quit-
man, fteade, Ready, Ricaud, Richard-on, Euffin, Ru>t,
bandidge, Sjrn™, Samuel A. Smith, William Smith, Wil-
liam R. Smith, SnfM, Stephens, Stewart, Swope, Talbott,
iaylor, Thurston,Todd, Tnppc, Tyson, Valk, Walker,
VWirnei, Watkins, Wells, Wneeler, Whitney, Williams,
Yv inslow, Daniel B. Wright, John V. Wright, and Zolh
coffer—108.
So the House refused to lay the motion on the
table.
The CLERK. The question now recurs on
the motion that the message be read.
Mr. WATSON. I demand the yeas and nays
on the motion.
The CLERK requested those in favor of or-
dering the yeas and nays to rise, and, on count-
ing them, declared that there was not a sufficient
number up.
Mr. WATSON. I demand tellers on the yeas
and nays.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Watson
and Winslow were appointed.
The question was taken; and the yeas and
nays were ordered, the tellers having; reported-
ayes thirty-seven; more than one fifth .of those
present.
The question was then taken on the question,
" Shall the message be read?" and it was decided
in the affirmative—yeas 108, nays 86; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Aiken, Allen, Ball, Barclay, Barksdale,
Beil, Hendley S. Bennett, Boeock, Bowie, Boyce, Broom,
Burnett, Cadwaladei, John P. Campbell, Carlile, Caiuthers,
Caskie, Chngman, Howell Cobb, Williamson Ii. W. Cobb,
Cox, Craige, Cullen, Davidson, Dowdell, Edmundson,
Edwards, Elliott, English, Etheridge, Eustis, Evans, Faulk-
ner, Florence, Poster, Henry M. Fuilei, Thomas J. D.
Fuller, Goode, Greenwood, J. Morrison Harris, Sampson
W. Harris, Thomas L. Harris, Haven, Herbert Hoffman,
Houston, Jewett, George W. Jones, J. Glancv Jones, Kelly,
Kennett, Kidweil, Knight, Lake, Letcher, Lumpkin, Alex-
ander K. Marshall, Humphrey Marshall, Samuel S. Mar-
shall, Maxwell, MeMullin, McQueen, Smith Miller, Mill- /
son, Nichols, Andrew Oliver, Mordecai Oliver, Orr, Packer,
Paine, Peek, Pennington, Phelps, Powell, Quitman,
Reade, Ready, Ricaud, Richardson,Ruffin,Ru,-t, .Sandid"e,
Savage, Scott, Samuel A. Smith, William Smith, William
It. Smith, Sneed, Stephens, Stewart, Swope. Talbott, Tay-
lor, Thurston, Todd, Trippe, Valk. Walker, Warner, Wat-
kms, Wells,Wheeler, Whitnev, Williams, Wmslow, Daniel
n2-Jn' Joh" Wn?l!t> and Zolhcoffer—108.
iNAYh— Messrs. Albiight, Allison, Banks, Barbour,
Henry Bennett, Benson, Billinghiirs-t, Bingham, Bliss,
Bradshaw, Brenton, Buffington, Burhngame, Lewis D.
Campbell, Chaffee, dawson, Colf;ix, Coimns, Covode,
Craem, Cumback, Damrell, Timothy Davi.-, Day, Dean,
De Witt, Dick, Dickson, Dodd, Dunn, Durfee, E,lie, Emrie,
Giddings, Giibeit, Granger. Giow, Robert B. Hall, Italian,
Holloway, Thomas E. Ilorton, Valentine B. Hoiton, How-
ard, Hugliston, Keisey, Knapp, Knowlton, Knnv Knnkel,
Leiter, Matteson, McCarty, Meacham, Kilhan Miller,
Mooie, Morgan, Morull, Mora, Noiton, Parker, I'elton,
Perry, Pettit, Pike, Pringle, Pnrviance, Ritchie, Bobbins,
Sabm, Sapp, Sherman, Simmons, Spinner, Stanton, Stian-
ahan, Tappan, Thorington, Wade, Wakeman, Walbnd™e,
Waldron, Cadvvalader C. Washburne, EHilm B. Wash-
burne, Isiael Washburn, Watson, Wood, Woodruff, and
Woodworth—86.
So the message was ordered to be read.
The CLERK then read the message, which is
as follows:
To the Senate and House of Representatives:
Circumstances have occurred to disturb the
course of governmental organization in the Ter-
ritory of ICansas, and produce there a condition
of things which renders it incumbent on me to
call your attention to the subject, and urgently
to recommend the adoption by you of such meas-
ures of legislation as the grave exigences of the
case appear to require.
A brief exposition of the circumstances referred
to, and of their causes, will be necessary to the
full understanding of the recommendations which
it is proposed to submit.
The act to organize the Territories of Nebraska
and Kansas was a manifestation of the legislative
opinion of Congress on two great points- of con-
stitutional construction: one, that'the designation
ot the boundaries of a new Territory, and pro-
vision for its political organization and adminis-
tration as a Territory, are measures which of
right fall within the powers of the General Gov-
ernment; and the other, that the inhabitants of
any such Territory, considered as an inchoate
State, are entitled, in the exercise of self-govern-
ment, to determine for themselves what shall be
their own domestic institutions, subject only to
the Constitution and the laws duly enacted by
Congress under it, and to the power of the exist-
ing States to decide according to the provisions
and^ principles of the Constitution at what time
the Territory shall be received as a State into the
Union. Such are the great political rights which
are solemnly declared and affirmed by that act.
Based upon this theory, the act of Congress
defined for each Territory the outlines of repub-
lican government, distributing public authority
among lawfully created agents—executive, judi-
cial, and legislative—to be appointed either by
the General Government or by the Territory.
The legislative functions were intrusted to a
Council and a House of Representatives duly
elected and empowered to' enact all the local laws
which they might deem essential to their pros-
perity, happiness, and good government. Acting
m the same spirit, Congress also defined the per-
sons who were m the iirst instance to be consid-
ered as the people of each Territory ; enacting
that every free white male inhabitant of the same
above the age of twenty-one years, being an
actual resident thereof, and possessing the quali-
fications. hereafter described, should be entitled
to vote at the first election, and be eligible to
any office within the Territory ; but that the
qualifications of voters and holding office at all
subsequent elections should be such as might
be prescribed by the Legislative Assembly: Pro-
vided, however, that the right of suffrage and
of holding office should be exercised only by
