960
appendix to the congressional globe.
[March 20,
34th Cong....1st Sess.
Admission of Kansas—Mr. Douglas.
Senate.
successive act, proclaimed violent resistance to the
laws of the Territory, even to " a bloody issue !
It should not be called " unlawful when its
avowed object was to overthrow by force the
whole system of laws under which they lived!
Neither the Government nor any department of it
should use any force to "check or control'' this rev-
olutionary movement, even when the supremacy
of the laws could be maintained in no other way!
Such are the conclusions of the minority report!
In reply to all of this, I have only to say that
the majority of the committee are of the opinion
that things should be called by their right names—
that revolution should be checked—that rebellion
should be put down—that insurrection should be
suppressed—and that the Government should use
with firm hand and. steady nerve whatever force
may be necessary to maintain the supremacy of
the laws against all organized resistance, from
whatever quarter it may come.
In this connection it is worthy of remark that
the particular acts of the Legislature which have
been forcibly resisted, and for the violation of
which the prisoners have been rescued from the
officers, are not the same laws that are represented
as being barbarous and oppressive. Ot the vast
number of enactments affecting almost every re-
lation in life,and filling a volume of nearly one
thousand pages, only two are complained of as
being unjust and oppressive. These are the stat-
utes in regard to elections and slaves.
All of the other laws, so far as we have been
informed, are entirely unobjectionable, and well
adapted to the promotion and protection of the
best interests of society. The disturbances which
have arisen in Kansas have no connection with
these two obnoxious laws. Noprosecutions have
been had under them; no complaints have been
made of their violation, and hence no attempts
have been made to enforce them. The outrages
complained of are murder and arson, and breaches
of the peace. Persons charged with these various
crimes have been violently rescued from the cus-
tody of the officers of the law by armed mobs,
upon the pretext that tfce acts of the Legislature
providing for the punishment of persons guilty of
these crimes against life and property, and so-
ciety, are invalid,and consequently the offenders
axe entitled to go free. I rejwat, that in every in-
stance where a collision has taken place between
the officers of the law and the mob which rescued
the prisoners, it was a case arising under the law
against murder, or house-burning, or a breach of
the peace. In no one instance has the violence
grown out of a case under the election law, or the
slavery law. And yet, the moment the sheriff
arrests a person on the charge of murder, or rob-
bery, or arson, or breach of the peace, and a mob
armed with Sharpe's rifles rescues the prisoner,
and the sheriff summons a posse of good citizens
to enforce the law, the action of the mob is just-
ified upon the ground that the same Legislature
which passed the laws for the punishment of those
crimes also passed two other laws upon the sub-
ject of elections and slavery which the mob did
not like, and their friends here think .ought to be
declared null and void. Should the whole frame-
work of society be destroyed and blotted out
merely because it may contain a small portion of
material which is not entirely sound and accept-
able? Marriages have been solemnized, children
have been born, deaths have occurred, estates
have been distriDuted, contracts have been made,
and rights have accrued under the system of laws
which the Kansas Legislature haveenacted, which
it is not competent tor Congress to divest and
annul. Are you prepared to disturb and destroy
all the social, domestic, and pecuniary relations
and interests of the whole people of Kansas,
merely because you do not like two acts of their
Legislature, which have remained a dead letter
upon the statute-book, if, indeed, they bear the
construction which you seek to place upon them
in order to render them odious ? For what pur-
pose, and to what end, are all these calamities to
be inflicted upon the people of Kansas ? Is it ne-
cessary that the whole body of white people shall
suffer in order that the interests of the negro may
be advanced ? How do you expect to promote
the interests of the negro by annulling the whole
system of laws enacted by the Legislature of the
Territory > The constitution which your friends
have formed at Topeka, under which the State
government has recently been organized,and with
which the Senator from New York [Mr. Seward]
proposes to admit the State into the Union, forbids
the negro forever to enter the State. You profess
to be the especial friends of the negro; your con-
sciences are greatly disturbed lest he will not be
well treated in Kansas, and, at the same time, you
are in favor of a proposition which denies to him
forever the right to enter, live, or breathe, in the
proposed Slate of Kansas. If the negro be free,
you will not let him come! If he be a slave, you
will not let him stay! And yet you are so much
aggrieved at his sadcondition that you are willing
to blot out and destroy the whole system of laws
for the protection of white folks on account of the
injustice which you fear will be done to the poor
negro!
Mr. President, there are a few other points
which I wish to discuss briefly, if my voice and
strength will permit me to continue.
Mr. BUTLER. If the Senator will give way
I will move an adjournment.
Mr. DOUGLAS. 1 am grateful to the Senator
for his kind proposition; but my health is such,
that I fear I would not be able to speak to-morrow,
after the exhaustion of to-day, if I should avail
myself of his courtesy. I prefer, therefore, to
finish now what I have to say, if possible.
It has been my unpleasant duty thus far to trace
the points of difference and conflict between the
two reports, and the conclusions to which they
lead. I now approach a material point, and
invite the especial attention of the Senate and
country to it, in which the majority and minority
reports agree—I allude to the causes which
have produced all op these unfortunate dif-
ficulties in Kansas. We agree in ascribing
them to the same general causes, although we
differ widely.in regard to the remedies proper to
be applied. We agree that they were the natural
and legitimate results of two rival and hostile sys-
terns of emigration, organized in and prosecuted
from the opposite and extreme sections of the !
Union, for the purpose of controlling the domestic
institutions of the Territory—thg one having for
its paramount object the prohibition, and the
other the protection, of the institution of slavery
in Kansas. The proposition is thus stated in the
majority report:
" Combinations iivone section of the Union to stimulate
an unnatural and false system of emigration, with the view
of controlling the elections, and forcing the domestic insti-
tutions of the Territory to assiniilate to those of the non-
slaveholding States, were followed, as might have been
foreseen, by the use of similar means in the slaveholding
States, to produce directly the opposite result. To these
causes, and to these alone, in the opinion of your commit-
tee, may be traced the origin and progress of all the con-
; troversies and disturbances with which Kansas is now
convulsed.
" if these unfortunate troubles have resulted as natural
consequences from unauthorized and improper schemes of
foreign interference with the internal atlairs and domestic
concerns of the Territory, it is apparent that the remedy
must be sought in a strict adherence to the principles, and
rigid enforcement of the provisions, of the organic law."
The minority report, after justifying and ap-
plauding the movements and operations of tfie
Massachusetts and New England emigrant aid
societies, by sending emigrants to Kansas for
the purpose of controlling the elections and pro-
hibiting slavery as a "lawful and laudable" ex-
periment, and after commending and applauding
m like manner the counter movement in Missouri
and the other slaveholding States as " a highly !
praiseworthy and commendable " effort, speaks ;
thus of the consequences of the experiment of
arraying the whole inhabitants ofthe Territory
into two opposing and hostile parties, each
struggling to defeat the other in the accomplish-
ment of the object which brought them there :
" It now becomes necessary to inquire what has in fact
taken place. If violence has talcen place as the natural, and
perhaps unavoidable, comequence of the nature of the experi-
ment, bringing into dangerous contact and collision inflam-
mable elements, it was the vice of a mistaken law, and im-
mediate-measures should be taken by Congress to correct
such law. If force and violence have been substituted for
peaceful measures there, legal provisions should be made
and executed to correct all the wrong such violence has
produced, and to prevent their recurrence, and thus secure
a fair fulfillment of the experiment by peaceful means, as
originally professed and presented in the law."
Mr.COLLAMER. That word "experiment"
I have uged throughout as referring to the experi-
ment of the law. *
Mr. DOUGLAS. I will show what it moans.
I will show that the word "experiment" is used
to designate the operations of the emigrant aid
societies of Massachusetts and New England,
and the counter movement which these emigrant
aid societies drew after them by way of antago-
nism in the slaveholding States. I will now read
other passages to show that I have stated the
position of the minority fairly:
" This subject, then, which Congress has been unable to
settle in any such way as the slave States will sustain, is
now turned over to those who have or shall become in-
habitants of Kansas to arrange ; and all men are invited to
participate in the experiment, regardless of their character,
political or religious views, or place of nativity."'
What experiment? That of settling the slavery
question by "those who have, or shall becomc,
inhabitants of Kansas." In order to lay the
foundation for justifying the New England emi-
grant aid societies for their participation in this
experiment of foreign interference with the do-
mestic affairs of a distant Territory, the minority
report proceeds to justify all that has been done
by Missouri and the other slaveholding States to
counteract the efforts and defeat the designs of
the New England aid societies, and to send per-
sons there for the purpose of controlling the elec-
tion, and making Kansas a slaveholding State.
The minority report proceeds as follows:
"Now, what is the right and the duty of the people of
this country in relation to this matter? Is it not the right
of all who believe in the blessings of slaveholding, and
regard it as the best condition of sqpiety, either to go to
Kansas as inhabitants, and by their votes to help settle this
good condition of that Territory; or, if they cannot so go
and settle, is it not their duty, by all lawful means in tlieir
power, to promote this object by inducing others like-
minded to*go? This right becomes a duty to all who follow
their convictions. All who regard an establishment of
slavery in Kansas as best for that Territory, or as necessary
to their own safety by the political weight it gives in the
national Government, should use all lawful means to secure
that result; and, clearly, the inducing men to go there to
become permanent inhabitants and voters, and to vote as
often as the elections occur in favor of the establishment
of slavery, and thus control the elections, and preserve it a
slave State forever, is neithef unlawful nor censurable. It
is, and would be highly praiseworthy and commendable,
because it is using lawful means to carry forward honest
convictions of public good. All lawfully-associated effort
to that end is equally commendable. Nor will the applica-
tion of opprobrious epithets, and calling it propagandism,
change its moral or legal character, from whatever quarter
or source, official or otherwise, such epithets may come.
Neither should they deter any mau from peaceably per-
forming his duty by following his honest convictions."
Having said thus much in behalf of the4' right''
and "duty"of the Missourians to go into Kansas
and control the elections for such a " highly-
praiseworthy and commendable" object as " tl^
establishment of slavery" in the Territory, the
minority report proceeds in this wise to show
that it was equally "praiseworthy and commend-
able" for the New England emigrant aid socie-
ties to send men there to " control the elections
and prohibit slavery:"
" On the other hand, all those who have seen and realized
the blessings of universal liberty, and believe that it can
only be secured and promoted by the prohibition of domes-
tic slavery, and that the elevation of honest industry can
never succeed where servitude makes labor degrading,
should, as in duty bound, put forth all reasonable exertions
to advance this great object by lawful means, whenever
permitted by laws of their country. When,therefore, Kansas
was presented, by law, as an open field for this experiment,
and all were invited to enter, it became the right and duty
of all such as desired to go there as inhabitants for the
purpose, by their numbers and by their votes lawfully cast,
from time to time, to carry or control, in a legal way, the
election there for this object. This could only be lawfully
effected by permanent residence, and continued and re-
peated effort, during the continuance of the territorial gov-
ernment, and permanently remaining there to form and
preserve a free-State constitution. All those who enter-
tained the same sentiments, but were not disposed them-
selves to go, had the right and duty to use all lawful means
to encourage and promote the object. If the purpose could
be best effected by united efforts, by voluntary associations
or corporations, or by State assistance, as proposed in some
southern States, it was all equally lawful and laudable.
This was not the officious intermeddling with the internal
affairs of another nation or State, or the territory of another
people."
In these two extracts we have the position of
the minority report clearly defined.
First, it was the " right" and " duty" of the
slaveholding States to send men to Kansas to ac-
quire the right to vote, and thus control the elec-
tions and establish slavery in the Territory; and
" if the purpose could be best effected by united
efforts, by voluntary associations, or corpora-
tions, or State assistance, it was all equally law-
ful and laudable."
