1850.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1023
to his descendant, though it came under none of
the established principles.
Mr. TOOMBS. I will say to the gentleman
that, although that was a claim of my own State,
it came under no principle, and it met my uniform
opposition. I voted against it from first to last,
although the claimant was the daughter of Gov-
ernor Irvin, of Georgia.
Mr. BELL, of Tennessee. I understand, then,
that the honorable Senator has been consistent
in regard to every claim of that sort. I do not
understand the circumstances of this case; I know
nothing of it, except what I derive from hearing
the report and the remarks of the two honorable
Senators from Connecticut, in both of whom I
have the utmost confidence, as to their sound
judgment, and their regard for principle and for
the interests of the country. It is, I think, prop-
erly a case which may be made an exception to
the general principles heretofore established. It
seems to me to be somewhat similar to Irvin's
case, which was extraordinary in its nature, where
Congress appropriated a considerable sum of
money to his sole heir.
I do not wish to extend this debate, but I must
say that I do not think such allowances as this
establish a'general rule. If I did, I should vote
with the honorable Senator from Georgia. I do
not think they establish any rule. I would not
be bound by them myself in any case not fairly
brought within their scope. But look to such
services as those of Colonel Ethan Allen, of Ver-
mont, from whose descendants a petition has been
presented at this session. I would ncverhesitate,
at any time, to make an allowance to the descend-
ants of such a man, although he did not come
within the provisions of the resolves of the Con-
gress of the Confederation on the subject of com-
mutation. I could never dream or suppose that
any present or future Congress of the United
States would consider an extra appropriation, or
an application of this description, for the services
of such a man as that, a dangerous precedent. If
there are other cases of great merit, though of
less distinction and inferior note, I would not
consider that voting for them was establishing
a principle. I shall vote for this claim, but I do
not consider that by so doing I am establishing
any principle.
Mr. TOOMBS. Immediately after the Revo-
lution, many of the meritorious officers who had
done a great deal more service than those who
came under the commutation resolution, ex-
pressed their dissatisfaction. The commutation
resolution was passed in 1780; and, if an officer
happened to be in the service on the day of the
passage of that resolution, if he served only
two years, he got the halfway for life, which
was afterwards commuted to five years' full pay.
This gave great dissatisfaction. Immediatelyafter
the close of the war, the officers appealed to the
Continental Congress to extend the commutation.
Theysaid: " these gentlemen who got commuta-
tion have not done half the service we have."
But their confreres—men who had served them-
selves—denied the application. Mr. Monroe, I
recollect, was the head of the committee (and he
had served himself through the Revolution with
distinction as a captain of the Army) who re-
ported—and it was unanimously passed by Con-
gress—that the principle should not be extended.
That was the judgment of the honest men who
fought for the liberties of the country—that they
would extend it to no one not embraced in the
original resolution. "While these men lived they
did not give it to any one on the face of the earth
not originally included.
Mr. BROWN. I am very reluctant to inter-
fere with the bill of my friend from Connecticut;
but I foresee it is to exhaust the whole day.
[No, no.] Congress is the local Legislature for
this District; and I hope we shall take up the
District bills.
Several Senators. Let us vote on this bill.
Mr. CLAY. I do not feel able to enter into a
debate on this bill, but I must add a single remark
t,o what has been said by my friend from Georgia,
as a reason why I shall vote against it.
The honorable Senator from Connecticut [Mr.
Foster] says, as I understand him, that there
are some precedents, and that one has been made
during this session. I remember that, during the
last Congress, I presented a memorial of the
daughter of Colonel Williams, who was killed at
the battle of King's Mountain in South Carolina.
That lady is a constituent of mine. She is the
only surviving child of Colonel Williams. She
lost in that battle her father, and shortly after two
or three of her brothers. She was thus cast on
the charity of the world an orphan. She was
reared by stranger hands, and she has lived in
poverty from that day until the present. She
memorialized Congress for a similar charity to
that which we propose now to extend to this lady.
I presented her memorial, and it was referred to
the Committee on Pensions. That committee
unanimously reported against her prayer. I in-
troduced the report myself, and voted with the
committee against extending the relief which was
prayed for.
I examined with a view of ascertaining whether
such an allowance could be sustained by prece-
dent; I failed at that time to find such a precedent;
I was satisfied that it would initiate a class of
pensions which would prove almost interminable,
and which would tax the Treasury far beyond any
or all classes of pensions at this time. Therefore,
I felt constrained on principle to vote against it,
though it was to me a painful duty; but I now
give notice to the Senate that, if this bill be passed,
I shallfeelit due, as an act ofjustice,as a matter
of equality to this body, to offer a bill of a similar
character for her relief, and I shall call on the
Senate to vote to sustain it. I am sure that no
stronger case can be presented; none more meri-
torious, and none that appeals more to the sym-
pathy of Senators than that of the lady whom
I represent. If we do not intend to make the
relief general; if we are going to legislate for the
benefit of individuals, governed rather by sym-
pathy than by principle, I must ask Senators to
extend their sympathies a little further, and relieve
those in my State in a similar position.
Mr. EVANS. Mr. President, as this case
underwent my examination, as a member of the
Committee on Revolutionary Claims, I beg leave
to say a word or two upon it. The case does
not come within tile provisions of the resolution
of 1780, for two reasons: first, that resolution did
not extend to naval officers at all; and, second,
even if it had extended to naval officers, this gen-
tleman was not in the service of the United States.
It does not come within any of these provisions;
but it is an anomalous case, resting on its own
peculiar merits. It is like the case of Miss Irvin,
and several others, that have been acted on favor-
ably in the Senate.
It is said that if you pass this bill, you will
open the door to a very large extent. That is a
misapprehension. If you open the door as far
as this bill opens it, you will admit but very few.
Miss Irvin's case had this peculiar feature in it:
that she was the only surviving child of a man
who had rendered great public service, and there-
fore she was a fair subject of legislative inter-
ference. This case is precisely of "that character.
Miss Niles is the only surviving child of a man
who rendered great public services. The two
cases are exactly alike. There is no danger of
extending it, because the principle goes no further
than relief to the surviving child—a female, too—
of the soldier who rendered the service. It is
probable that the case which the Senator from
Alabama [Mr. Clay] mentions, will come under
the same principle. Let him present it to the
same committee who reported this bill, and I
doubt not it will be favorably reported on by
tliem, precisely on the same principle on which
-this bill has been presented.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment; and the question was stated to be on
ordering it to be engrossed for a third leading.
Mr. TOOMBS. On that question I ask for the
yeas and nays in order to test the principle.
The yeas and nays were ordered; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 21, nays 13; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Bell of New Hampshire, Bell of Tennes-
see, Benjamin, Bjgler, Brodhoad, Blown, Collamer, Dodge,
Durkee, Evans, Fisll, Foot, Fosler, Mason, Pratt, I'ugi),
Seward, Sumner, Toueey, Trumbull, and Wright—21.
NAYS—Messrs. Adams, Alien, Bl«gs, Bright, Clay, Crit-
tenden, Fitzpatrick, Hamlin, Harlan, Houston, iierson,
Johnson, and Toombs—13.
So the bill was ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading. It was then read the third time,
and passed.
NOTICE or A BILL.
Mr. CLAY gave notice of his intention to ask
leave to introduce a bill for the relief of Mrs.
Elizabeth Griffin. . .
COLUMBIA WOOD-GAS COMPANY.
The PRESIDENT. In pursuance of the order
of the Senate, the public bills reported by the
Committee on the District of Columbia will now
be taken up. The first District bill 6n the Cal-
endar is the bill (S. No. 74) to incorporate the*
Columbia Wood-Gas Company.
Mr. BRODHEAD. I think we had better take
up some bill relating to the District of Columbia,
of more general importance. This is a bill to in-
corporate the Columbia Wood-Gas Company—
in other words, to repeal the charter of an existing
company, for it amounts to that. Itis an import-
ant measure to individuals owning stock in the
present company, and it must lead of course to
considerable debate. If the chairman of the Com-
mittee on the District of Columbia [Mr. Brown]
desires to press the District business to a conclu-
sion to-day, I think it would be better for him
to agree to lay this aside and take up some other
bill of more importance to the District. There
are some Senators absent, one in particular, who
I know feels considerable interest in this measurer.
Mr. PRATT. I hope the Senate will act on
this bill now. Whatever may be its pleasure-in
regard to the measure, it is certainly right that,
having precedence on the orders of business, it
should receive the action of the Senate at once,
whether favorable or unfavorable. The Senator's
reasons for not taking it up occur to me to be, in-
consistent. He first said that we ought to take'
up some bill that was more important. In the
conclusion of his remarks, he said this was a
subject of very deep importance to a great many
persons in the District. Now, take it either
way: If the bill be not of much consequence, I
take it for granted the honorable Senator will
not desire to debate it, and we shall soon have
a vote on it. If it be of great and deep import-
ance to the people of the District, being first in
order on the Calendar, I think it would be better
for us to act on it, and dispose of it one way or
the other.
The PRESIDENT. • Does the Senator from
Pennsylvania submit a motion in reference to the
bill ?
Mr. BRODHEAD. No, sir.
The PRESIDENT. The bill is before the
Senate as in the Committee of the Whole, and it
will be read.
The bill was read.
Daniel Campbell, Marshal Brown, Roger C.
Weightman, Alexander Lee, John P. Pepper,
William P. McConnell, and Stephen Eddy, and
!j their present and future associates, are proposed
i to be constituted a body-politic and corporate, by
ji the name of the Columbia Wood-Gas Company,
il with the usual powers and privileges of a corpo-
1 ration. The capital stock is nottoexceedfoO,000,
m shares of twenty-five dollars each.
The object of the company is to manufacture,
make, and sell gas, of wood or other material, to
be used for the purpose of lighting any portion
of the District of Columbia, or the streets and the
, buildings of the cities of Washington and George-
town, and to lay pipes for the purpose of con-
1 ducting gas in any of the streets, avenues, and
alleys of the two cities. Each stockholder is to
be individually liable, to the amount of his inter-
est, for all debts contracted by the corporation.
Power is reserved to Congress, at any time, to
alter, amend, or repeal this charter. Restrictions
are placed on the company to prevent their issuing
paper money.
Mr. PRATT. In the last section the com-
mittee have instructed me to ask that the word
" six " be stricken out, and " twelve" inserted.
Mr. FOOT. In what respect does it change
the bill ?
Mr. PRATT. It extends the time within
which they are to commence to make gas from
six months to twelve months.
Mr. FOOT. I have no objection to it.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. BIGLER. I wish to submit a motion to
postpone this bill for the present. I only recol-
lect now that some of my constituents have written
10 me on this subject, but the communication at-
tracted very little attention at the time, and I an*
not prepared to present the view which is given
to me. I think, however, that it would satisfy
