1856.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
m--
citizens of the United States, and those who
should have declared on oath their intention to
become such, and have taken an oath to sup-
port the Constitution of the United States and
the provisions of the act: And provided, further,
that no officer, soldier, seaman, or marine, or
other person in the Army or Navy of the United
States, or attached to troops in their service,
should be allowed to vote or hold office in either
Territory by reason of being on service therein.
Such of the public officers of the Territories
as, by the provisions of the act, were to be ap-
pointed by the General Government, including
the Governors, were appointed and commissioned
in due season; the law having been enacted on
the 30th of May, 1854, and the commission of
the Governor of the Territory of Nebraska
being dated on the 2d day of August, 1854, and
of the Territory of Kansas on the 29th day of
June, 1854.
Among the duties imposed by the act on the
Governors was that of directing and superintend-
ing the political organization of the respective
Territories. The Governor of Kansas was re-
quired to cause a census or enumeration of the
inhabitants and qualified voters of the several
counties and districts of the Territory, to be
taken by such persons and in such mode as he-
might designate and appoint; to appoint and di-
rect the time and places of holding the first
elections, and the manner of conducting them,
both as to the persons to superintend such elec-
tions and the returns thereof; to declare the num-
ber of the members of the Council and House
■ of Representatives for each county or district;
to declare what persons might appear to be duly
elected; and to appoint the time and place of the
first meeting of the Legislative Assembly. In
substance, the same duties were devolved on the
Governor of Nebraska.
While, by this act, the principle of constitution
for each of the Territories was one and the same,
and the details of organic legislation regarding
both were as nearly as could be identical, and
while the Territory of Nebraska was tranquilly
and successfully organized in the due course of
-law, and its first Legislative Assembly met on
the 16th of January, 1855, the organization of
Kansas was long delayed and-has been attended
with serious difficulties and embarrassments,
partly the consequence of local mal-administra-
tion, and partly of the unjustifiable interference
of the inhabitants of some of the States foreign
by residence, interests, arid rights to the Territory.
The Governor of the Territory of Kansas, com-
missioned, as before stated, on the 29th of June,
1854, did not reach the designated seat of his
government until the 7th of the ensuing October;
and even then failed to make the first step in its
legal organization—that of ordering the census
or enumeration of its inhabitants—until so late a
day that the election of the members of the Le-
gislative Assembly did not take place until ther
30th of March, 1855, nor its meeting until the 2d
of July, 1855. So that, for a year after the Ter-
ritory was constituted by the act of Congress and
the officers to be appointed by the Federal Exec-
utive had been commissioned, it was without a
complete government, without any legislative
authority, without local law, and of course with-
out the ordinary guarantees of peace and public
order.
In other respects, the Governor, instead of ex-
ercising constant vigilance and putting forth all
his energies to prevent or counteract the tenden-
cies to illegality which are prone to exist, in all
imperfectly-organized and newly-associated com-
munities, allowed his attention to be diverted fi-fmi
official obligation by other objects, and hirijelf
• set an example of the violation of law in the per-
formance of acts which rendered it my duty, in
the sequel, to remove him from the office of chief
executive magistrate of the Territory.
Before the requisite preparation was accom-
plished for election of a Territorial Legislature,
an election of Delegate to Congress had been held
in the Territory on the 29th day of November,
1854, and the Delegate took his scat in the House
of Representatives without challenge. If arrange-
ments had been perfected by the Governor so that
the election for members of the Legislative As-
sembly might be held in the several precincts at
the same time as for Delegate to Congress, any
question appertaining to the qualification of the
persons voting as people of the Territory would
have passed necessarily and at once under the
supervision of Congress, as the judge of the
validity of the return of the Delegate, and would
have been .determined before conflicting passions
had become inflamed by time, and before oppor-
tunity could have been afforded for systematic
interference of the people of individual States.
This interference, in so far as conccrns its pri-
mary .causes and its immediate commencement,
was one of the incidents of that-pernicious agita-
tion on the subject of the condition of the colored j
persons held to service in some of the States, ;
which has so long disturbed the repose of our j
country, and excited individuals, otherwise pat- j
riotic and law-abiding, to toil with misdirected j
zeal in the attempt to propagate their social theo- j
ries by the perveision and abuse of the powers of I
Congress. The persons and the parties, whom ]
the tenor of the act to organize the Territories of
Nebraska and Kansas thwarted in the endeavor
to impose, through the agency of Congress, their
particular views of social organization on the
people of the future new States, now perceiving
that the policy of leaving the inhabitants of each
State to judge for themselves in this respect was
iner4dically rooted in the convictions of the peo-
ple of the Union, then had recourse, in the pur-
suit of their general object, to the extraordinary
measure of propagandist colonization of the Ter-
ritory of Kansas, to prevent the free and natural
action of its inhabitants in its internal organiza-
tion, and thus to anticipate or to force the determ-
ination of that question in this inchoate State.
With such views, associations were organized
in some of the States, and their purposes were
proclaimed through the press in language ex-
tremely irritating and offensive to those of whom
the colonists were to become the neighbors. Those
designs and acts had the necessary consequence
to awaken emotions of intense indignation in
States near to the Territory of Kansas, and
especially in the adjoining State of Missouri,
whose domestic peace was thus the most directly
endangered; but they are far from justifying the il-
legal and reprehensible c&unter-movements which
ensued.
Under these inauspicious circumstances, the
primary elections for members of the Legislative
Assembly were held in most, if not all, of the
precincts at the time and the places, and by
the persons designated and appointed by the
Governor according to law.
Angry accusations that illegal votes had been
polled aboumkd on all sides, and imputations
were made both of fraud and violence. But the
Governor, in the exercise of the power and the
discharge of the duty conferred and imposed by
law on him alone, officially received and con-
sidered the returns; declared a large majority of
the members .of the Council and the House of
Representatives "duly elected;" withheld cer-
tificates from others because of alleged illegality
of votes; appointed a new election to supply the
place of the persons not certified; and thus at 1
length, in all the forms of statute, and with his
own official authentication, complete legality was
given to the first Legislative Assembly of the
Territory.
Those decisions of the returning officers and
of the Governor are final, except that, by the ;
parliamentary usage of the country applied to \
the organic law, it may be conceded that each |
House of the Assembly must have been compe-
tent to determine, m the last resort, the qualifi-
cations and the election of its members. The
subject was, by its nature, one appertaining ex-
clusively to the jurisdiction of the local author-
ities of the Territory. Whatever irregularities
may have occurred m the elections, it seems too
late now to raise that question. At all events, it
is a question as to which, neither how nor at any ,
previous time, has the least possible legal auth ority '
been possessed by the President of tfec United
States. For all present purposes the legislative
body thus constituted and elected was the legit-
imate Assembly of the Territory.
Accordingly, the Governor, by proclamation,
convened the Assembly thus elected to meet at a
place called Pawnee City. The two Houses met,
and were duly organized in the ordinary parlia-
mentary form; each sent to, and received from,
the Governor the official communications usual
on such occasions; an elaborate message, opening
the session, was communicated by the Governor;
and the general business oflegislatioir was entered
upon by the Legislative Assembly. .
But, after a few days, the Assembly resolvesd
to adjourn to another placc in the, Territory. A
law was accordingly passed, against the consent
of the Governor," but in due form 'otherwise; td
remove the seat of government temporarily to the
"Shawnee ManualLabor School," (or Mission,)
and thither the Assembly proceeded. After this,
receiving a bill for the establishment of a ferry at
the town of Kickapoo, the Governor refused to
sign it, and, by special message, assigned for
reason of refusal, not anything objectionable" in
the bill itself, nor any pretense of the illegality or
incompetency of the Assembly as such, but only
the fact that the Assembly had by its act trans-
ferred the seat of government temporarily from
Pawnee City to Shawnee Mission. For the same
reason he continued to refuse to sign other bills,
until, in the course of a few days, he, by official
message, communicated to the Assembly the fact
that he had received notification of the termination
of his functions as Governor, and that the duties
of the office were legally devolved on the Sccretar-y
of the Territory; thus to the last recotjnizing the
body as a duly-elected and constituted Legislative
Assembly.
It will bo perceived that, if any constitutional
defect attached to the legislative acts of the As-
sembly, it is not pretended to consist in irregular-
ity of election, or want of qualification of the mem-
bers, but only in the change of its place of session.
However trivial this objection may seem to be, it
requires to be considered, because upon it is
founded all that superstructure of acts, plainly
against law, which now threatens the peace, not
onlyofthc Territory of Kansas, butof the Union.
Such an objection to the proceedings of the Le-
gislative Assembly was of exceptionable origin,
for the reason that, by the express terms of the
organic law, the seat of government of the Ter-
ritory was "located temporarily at Fort Leaven-
worth," and yet the Governor himself remained
there less than two months, and of his own dis-
cretion transferred the seat of government to the
Shawnee Mission, where it in fact was at the
time the Assembly were called to meet at Pawnee
City. If the Governor had any such right to
change temporarily the seat of government, still
more had the Legislative Assembly. The objec-
tion is of exceptionable origin for the further rea-
son, that the place indicated by the Governor,
without having any exclusive claim of preference
in itself, was a proposed town site only, which
he and others were attempting to locate unlaw-
fully upon land within a military reservation,
and for participation in which illegal act the
commandant of the post—a superior officer of
the. Army—has been dismissed by sentence of
court-martial.
Nor is it easy to see why the Legislative As-
sembly might not with propriety'pass the terri-
torial act transferring its sittings to the Shawnee
Mission. If it could not, that must be on account
of some prohibitory or incompatible provision of
act of Congress, But no such provision exists.
The organic act, as already quoted, says "the
seat of government is hereby located temporarily
at Fort Leavenworth;" and it then provides that
certain of the public buildings there " may be
occupied and used under the direction of the
Governor and Legislative Assembly." These
expressions might possibly he construed to imply
that when in a previous section of the act it was
enacted that "the first Legislative Assembly
shall meet at such placc and on such day as the
Governor shall appoint," the word "place"
means place at Fort Leavenworth, not place
anywhere in the Territory. If so, the Governor
would have been the first to err in this matter,
not only in himself having removed the seat of
government to the Shawnee Mission, but in again
removing it to Pawnee City. If there was any
departure from the letter of the law, therefore, it
was his in both instances.
But, however this may be, it is most unreason-
able to suppose that by the terms of the organic
act Congress intended to do impliedly what ft
has not done expressly—that is, to forbid to the
Legislative Assembly the power to choose any
place it might sec fit as the temporary seat of
its deliberations. That is proved by the signifi-
cant language of one of the subsequent acts of
