298
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 25,
Congress on the subject, that of March 3,1855)
which, in making appropriation for public build-
ings of the Territory, enacts that the same shall
not be 'expended " until the Legislature of said
Territory shall have fixed by law the permanent
seat of government." Congress, in these ex-
pressions, does not profess to be granting the
power to fix the permanent seat of government,
but recognizes the power as erne already granted.
But how? Undoubtedly by the comprehensive
provision of the organic act itself, which declares
that " the legislative power of the Territory shall
extend to all rightful subjects of legislation, con-
sistent with the Constitution of the United States
and the provisions of this act." If, in view of
this act, the 'Legislative Assembly had the large
power to fix the permanent seat of government
at any place in its discretion, of course by the
same enactment it had the less and the included
power to fix it temporarily.
Nevertheless, the allegation tKatthe acts of the
Legislative Assembly were illegal by reason of
this removal of its place of session was brought
forward to justify the first great movement in
disregard of law within the Territory. One of
the acts of the Legislative Assembly provided
for the election of a Delegate to the present Con-
gress, and a Delegate was elected under that law.
But, subsequently to this, a portion of the people
of the Territory proceeded without authority of
law to elect another Delegate.
Following upon this movement was another
and more important one of the same general
character. Persons confessedly not constituting
the body politic, or all the inhabitants, but merely
a party of the inhabitants, and without law, have
undertaken to summon a convention for the pur-
pose of transforming the Territory into a State,
and have framed a constitution, adopted it, and
under it elected a Governor and other officers, and
a Representative to Congress.
In extenuationof these illegal acts, it is alleged
that the States of California, Michigan, and
others, were self-organized, and, as such, were
admitted into the Union without a previous ena-
bling act of Congress. It is true that while, in
a majority of cases, a previous act of Congress
has been passed to authorize the Territory to
present itself as a State, and that this is deemed
the most regular course, yet such an act has not
been held to be indispensable, and, in some cases,
the Territory lias proceeded without it, and has
nevertheless been admitted into the Union as a
State. It lies with Congress to authorize before-
hand, or to confirm afterwards, in its discretion;
but m no instance has a State been admitted
upon the application of persons acting against
authorities duly constituted by act of Congress.
In every case it is the people of the Territory,
not a party among them, who have the power to
form a constitution, and ask for admission as a
State. No principle of public law, no practice or
precedent under the Constitution of the United
States, 110 rule of reason, right, or common sense,
confers any such power as that now claimed by
a mere party in the Territory. Infact, what has
been done is of revolutionary character. It is
avowedly so in motive and in aim as respects the
local law of the Territory. It will become trea-
sonable insurrection if it reach the length of or-
ganized resistance by force to the fundamental
or any other Federal law, and to the authority of
the General Government.
In such an event, the path of duty for the
Executive is plain. The Constitution requiring
him to take care that the laws of the United
States be faithfully executed, if they be opposed
in the Territory of Kansas, he may and should
place at the disposal of the marshal any public
force of the United States which happens to be
within the jurisdiction, to be used as a portion
of the posse comitatus; and, if that do not suffice
to maintain order, then hS may call forth the
militia of one or more-States for that object, or
employ for the same object any part of the land
or naval force of the United States. So, also,
if the obstruction be to the laws of the Territory,
and it be duly presented to him as a case of in-
surrection, he may employ for its suppression
the militia of any State, or the land or naval force
of the United States. And if the Territory be
invaded by the citizens of other States, whether
for the purpose of deciding elections or for any
other, and the local authorities find themselves
unable to repel or withstand it, they will be en-
titled to, and upon the fact being fully ascertained
they shall most certainly receive, the aid of the
General Government.
But it is not the duty of the President of the
United States to volunteer interposition by force
to preserve the purity of elections either in a State
or Territory. To do so would be subversive of
public freedom. And whether a law be wise or
unwise, just or unjust, is not a question for him
to judge. If it b^constitutional—that is, if it be
the law of the -land—it is his duty to cause it to be
executed, or to sustain the authorities of any
State or Territory in executing it in opposition to
all insurrectionary movements.
Our system affords no justification of revo-
lutionary acts; for the constitutional means of
relieving the people of unjust administration and
laws, by a change of public agents and by repeal,
are ample, and more prompt and effective than
illegal violence. These constitutional means must
be scrupulously guarded—this great prer<%ative
of popular sovereignty sacredly respected.
It is the undoubted right of the peaceable and
orderly of the Territory of Kansas to elect their
own legislative body, make their own laws, and
regulate their own social institutions, without
foreign or domestic molestation. Interference,
on the one hand, to procure the abolition or pro-
hibition of slave labor in the Territory has pro-
duced mischievous interference; on the other for
its maintenance or introduction. One wrong
begets another. Statements entirely unfounded,
or grossly exaggerated, concerning events within
the Territory, are sedulously diffused through
remote States to feed the flame of sectional ani-
mosity there; and the agitators there exert them-
selves indefatigably in return to encourage and
stimulate strife within the Territory.
The inflammatory agitation, of which the pres-
ent is but a part, has for twenty years produced
nothing save unmitigated evil, North and South.
But for it the character of the domestic institutions
of the future new State would have been a matter
of too little interest to the inhabitants of the con-
tiguous States, personally or collectively, to pro-
duce among them any political emotion. Climate,
soil, production, hopes of rapid advancement and
the pursuit of happiness on the part of the settlers
themselves, with good wishes, but with no inter-
ference from without, would have quietly determ-
ined the question, which is at this time of such
disturbing character.
But we are constrained to turn our attention to
the circumstances of embarrassn#nt as they now
exist. It is the duty of the people of Kansas to
discountenance every act or purpose of resistance
to its laws. Above all, the emergency appeals to
the citizens of the States, and especially of those
contiguous to the Territory, neither by interven-
tion of non-residents in elections* nor by unau-
thorized military force, to attempt to encroach
upon or usurp the authority of the inhabitants of
the Territory.
No citizen of our country should permit him-
self to forget that he is a part of its Government,
and entitled to be heard in the determination of
its policy and its measures, and that, therefore,
the highest considerations of personal honorand
patriotism require him to maintain, by whatever
of power or influence he may possess, the integ-
rity of the laws of the Republic.
Entertaining these views, it will be my imper-
ative duty to exert the whole power of the Federal
Executive to support public order in the Terri-
tory; to vindicate itslaws, whether Federal orlocal,
against all attempts of organized resistance; and
so to protect its people m the establishment of
their own institutions, undisturbed by encroach-
ment from without, and in the full enjoyment of
the rights of self-government assured to them by
the Constitution and the organic act of Congress.
Although serious and threatening disturbances
in the Territory of Kansas, announced to me by
the Governor in December last, were speedily
quieted without the effusion of blood, and in a
satisfactory manner, there is, I regret to say,
reason to apprehend that disorders will continue
to occur there, with increasing tendency to vio-
lence, until some decisive measure be taken to
dispose of the question itself which constitutes
the inducement or occasion of internal agitation
and of external interference.
This, it seems to me, can best be accomplished
by providing that, when the inhabitants of Kan-
sas may desire it, and shall be of sufficient num-
bers to constitute a State, a convention of dele-
gates, duly elected by the qualified voters, shall
assemble to frame a constitution, and thus to pre-
pare, through regular and lawful means, for its
admission into the Union as a State.
I respectfully recommend the enactment of a
law to that effect.
I recommend, also, that a special appropriation
be made to defray any,expense which may be-
come requisite in the execution of the laws or the
maintenance of public order in the Territory of
Kansas. FRANKLIN PIERCE.
Washington, January 24, 1856.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio. I suppose, Mr.
Clerk, that it is not in order to debate the mes-
sage ?
The CLERK. Debate is not in order.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I congratulate the coun-
try  [The remainder of the sentence was
lost amid almost deafening cries of " Order " from
every part of the Hall.] I move that the message
be laid on the table.
Mr. ALEXANDER K. MARSHALL. I
move that it be kept by the Clerk, to be handed
over to his successor.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I accept that as a modifi-
cation of my motion.
The CLERK. The gentleman will please state
his motion as modified.
Mr. CAMPBELL. It is that the message be
laid on the table, and committed by the House to
the hands of the Clerk, to be delivered by him to
his successor.
Mr. WALKER. I hope the motion may be
withdrawn, so that I may submit a motion to
rescind the ten-minute rule.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I wish my motion to be
voted on now, and as a distinct proposition.
Mr. J ONES, of Tennessee. If the message be
laid on the table, it will always be in the power
of the House to take it up and make whatever
disposition of it members may see fit.
Mr? SNEED. I move that the motion be laid
on the table, which will, I believe, carry the mes-
sage and all there.
The CLERK. It will.
The question was taken, and the motion of
Mr. Campbell, embracing the message, was
laid upon the table.
Mr. CADWALADER obtained the floor.
Mr. LEITER. I move that the House do now
adjourn.
The CLERK. The gentleman from Pennsyl-
vania is on the floor.
Mr. ALEXANDER K. MARSHALL. I
move that when the House adjourns to-day it
be to meet on Monday next.
Mr. CADWALADER. I yield tothatmotion.
The question was taken, and the motion was
disagreed to.
Mr. CADWALADER. I move that the an-
nual message of the President of the United States,
now in the possession of the Clerk, and which
has not been read to the House, be taken up and
read. [Cries of " Order!"]
The CLERK. The gentleman has the right
to make the motion.
Mr. SMITH, of Tennessee. I move that the
House do now adjourn.
The motion was agreed to; and thereupon (at
quarter to four o'clock, p. m.) the House ad-
journed till to-morrow at twelve o'clock, m.
journld
^H(
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Friday, January 25, 1856.
The House was called to order by the Clerk at
twelve o'clock, m. Prayer by Rev. Byron Sun-
derland.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
CALL OF THE HOUSE.
Mr. BOYCE. I move that there be a call of
the House.
Mr. COBB, of Georgia. I demand the yeas
and nays on the call of the House.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
RESOLUTIONS.
Mr. BENNETT, of New York. Mr. Clerk,
if the gentleman from South Carolina will with-
draw lug motion for a call of the House, I will
