288
appendix to the congressional globe.
[March 20,
34th Cong....1st Sess.
Admission of Kansas—Mr. Douglas.
Senate.
eents me as saying in the majority report that
the New England Emigrant Aid Company did
intend to wa^ti a relentless warfare on the insti-
tution of slavery within the limits of the State of
Missouri,and then demands the proof to sustain
the truth of the assertion. His mode of defending
his friends who have linked their political for-
tunes with these emigrant aid societies is more
ingenious than creditable. He cuts in two the sen-
tence which he professes to quote entire, repre- j
gents me as saying what I did not say, and then
demands the proof to sustain the false issue which
he has made for me. What the majority report
did say on this point is as follows:
" When the emigrants, sent out by the Massachusetts
Emigrant Aid Company, and their affiliated societies, passed
through the State of Missouri in large numbers, on their j
way to Kansas, the violence of their language, and the un- ,
mistakable indications of their determined hostility to the
domestic institutions of that State, created ap/rrehenstons
that the object of the company was toabolitionize Kansas,
as a means of prosecuting a relentless warfare upon the ,
institutions of slavery within the limits of Missouri. These
apprehensions increased and spread with tile progress of
events, until they became the settled convictions ol the
people of that, portion of the State most exposed to the
danger by theirproximity to the Kansas Border. The natural
consequence was. tli.tt immediate steps were taken by the
people of the western counties of Missouri to stimulate,
organize, and carry into effect, a system of emigration
similar to that of the Massachusetts Emigrant Aid Com-
pany, for the avowed purpose of counteracting the effects,
ami protecting themselves and their domestic institutions
from the consequences of that company's operations."
The report does not say that these aid societies
intended to make war on slavery within the State of
Missouri. 1 made no such charge. My statement
was, that the conduct of the emigrants " created
apprehensions that the object of the company
was to abolitionize Kansas as a means of prose-
cuting a relentless warfare upon the institution of
slavery within the limits of Missouri." Does my
colleague take issue with this statement, as I made
it, ana as it reads in the report, and not as he
chooses to make it for me ? Does he deny that ,
the conduct of the emigrants produced such an
"apprehension" in the minds of the people of
Missouri, and that in the progress of events this
"apprehension" became a "settled conviction,"
under which they acted when they took steps to
organize a counter movement, and! avert the con-
sequences which might be expected to result from
the emigrant aid societies' operations? I will now
adduce the testimony to prove that such was the
case, to the end that it may not be questioned
hereafter. A convention of delegates from all
portions of the State of Missouri was held at
Lexington, in that State, in the month of July,
1855, to consider what measures were necessary
to protect themselves and their domestic institu-
tions from the machinations of the New England
emigrant aid societies. At that meeting a pre-
amble and resolutions were adopted, and a com-
mittee appointed to prepare and publish an address
" To the People of the United States" expressive
of the views of the people of Missouri touching
the slavery question and Kansas difficulties:
" Whfereas, this convention have observed a deliberate
and apparently systematic effort, on the part of the several
States of this (Jnion, to wage a war of extermination upon
the iustitution of slavery as it exists under the Constitution
ot the United States, and the several States, by legislative
enactments annulling acts of Congress passed in pursuance
of the Constitution, and incorporating large moneyed asso-
ciations to abolitionize Kansas^ and through Kansas to oper-
ate upon the contiguous States of Missouri, ^Arkansas, and
Texa*; this convention, representing tha  portion of Mis-
souri more immediately affected by the^e movements, deem
it proper to make known their opinions and purposes, and
what they believe to be the opinion and purposes of the
whole State; and to this end have agreed to the following
resolutions." ^
[This preamble shows conclusively that the
Missouriana did labor under the impressions,
and act under the apprehensions and convictions,
stated in the majority report. The resolutions
unanimously adopted by the same convention
show with equal clearness that the people of Mis-
souri were opposed to the whole scheme of foreign
interference with the affairs of the Territory, and
•were in favor of leaving to the actual bona fide
inhabitants of the Territory the right to decide the
slavery question for themselves, unmolested by
intrusions from any quarter; and that they only
adopted the counter-movement to the New Eng-
land emigrant aid societies in what they believed
to be necessary self-defense.] I will now read a
portion of the resolution: '
" Resolved, That the incorporation of moneyed associa-
tions, under the patronage of sovereign States of this Union,
for the avowed purpose of recruiting and colonizing large
armies of Abolitionists upon the Territory of Kansas, and
1 for the avowed purpose of destroying the value and exist-
; ence of slave property now in that Territory, in despite of
the wishes of the bona fide independent settlers thereof, and
for the purpose, equally plain and obvious, whether avowed
i or not, of ultimately abolishing slavery in Missouri, is a
' species of legislation and a mode of emigration unprecedented
in our history, and is an attempt, by State legislation, indi-
rectly to thwart the purposes of a constitutional and equitable
enactment of Congress, hy which the domestic institu-
tions or the Territories were designed to be left
to the exclusive management and control Of the
bona fide settlers thereof." v
'■ Resolved, That we disclaim all right and any intent to
interfere with the bona fide independent settlers in the Ter-
ritory of Kansas, from whatever quarter they may come, or
whatever opinions they may entertain; but we maintain the
right to protect ourselves and our property against all un-
just and unconstitutional aggression, present or prospective,
immediate or threatened; and we do not hold it necessary
or expedient to wait until the torch is applied to our dwell-
ings, or the knife to our throats, before we take measures
for our security and the security of our firesides."
The address which accompanies the series of
resolutions from which I have read these two is
written with great clearness and ability, and in
a spirit of conciliation and patriotic devotion to
the Constitution and the Union. I had marked
copious extracts which I intended to read to the
Senate, but will refrain, except to a limited
extent, for the want of time, and in consequence
of the too great length to which my remarks have
already been extended. It condemns, in strong
and unequivocal terms, the whole system of
foreign interference with the internal concerns
and domestic affairs of the Territory as "a
scheme never before heard of or thought of in
this country, the object and effect of which was
to evade the principle of the Kansas-Nebraska bill,
and, in lieu of non-intervention by Congress, to sub-
stitute active intervention by the States."
It arraigns the Massachusetts Aid Company
as " a scheme totally at variance with the genius
of our Government, both State and Federal, and
with the social institutions which these govern-
ments were designed to protect, and its success
would have been as fatal to those who contrived
it as it could have been to those intended to be its
victims."
It alleges that" no siagreholding State has ever
{ittempted to colonize aTerritory," but has always
left the public lands to " occupancy of such set-
tlers as soil and climate invited." It argues that
if Massachusetts, by her legislation, has a right
to send an army of Abolitionists into Kansas for
the purpose of controlling its domestic institu-
tions, she would have an equal right to send them
into Missouri for a like purpose; that South Car-
olina would have the same right to send an army
of slaveholders to Delaware or Iowa; that " there
is no difference in principle between the cases
supposed;" that" ifjustifiable and legal in the one,
it is equally so in-tlie other;" that " they differ only
in point of practicability and expediency;" that
" the one would be an outrage, easily perceived,
promptly met, and speedily repelled; that the
other is disguised under the forms of emigration,
and meets with no populous and organized com-
munity to resent it. The address asserts that
" what Missouri has done, and what she is still
prepared to do, is in self-defense and for self-
preservation; and from these duties she will
hardly be expected to shrink."
1 In view of these considerations, and with the
, hope of preserving peace, and harmony, and fra-
| ternal feeling between all portions of ouf common
I country, this address appeals to the patriotism
! of the North to join with the South in putting
down this pernicious and mischievous foreign in-
: terference with the domestic concerns of a distant
Territory, and to allow the bona fide inhabitants
of Kansas to form and regulate their domestic
institutions to suit themselves, in obedience to the
fundamental principle of the Kansas-Nebraska
act. Upon this point it says:
" If ever there was a principle calculated to commend
itself to all reasonable men, and reconcile all conflicting
interests, this would seem to have been the one. It. was
the principle of popular sovereignty—the basis upon which
our independence had been achieved—and it was therefore
supposed to be justly dear to all Americang'of every latitude
and every creed."
But why should I accumulate Evidence on this
point? I have already produced sufficient to
convince any reasonable man that the people of
Missouri never contemplated the invasion and
conquest of the Territory of Kansas; that, to
whatever extent they imitated the example of the
New England emigrant aid societies, it was done
upon the principle of self-defense, and only for
the purpose of counteracting what they believed
to be the dangerous tendencies of the operations
of these societies; that the Missourians have at
all times been ready and willing to abandon their
counter movement so soon as those who forced
upon them the necessity of such action should
abandon their designs, and cease their efforts
to shape and control the domestic institutions
of Kansas by an unwarranted scheme of foreign
interference. From these facts it is apparent that
the whole responsibility of all the disturbances
in Kansas rests upon the Massachusetts Emigrant
Aid Company and its affiliated societies. The
remedy for these evils must be found in the removal
of the causes and abandonment of the policy which
produced them, and in faithfully and rigidly car-
rying into effect the provisions of the Kansas-
Nebraska act which guaranty to the people of that
Territory the perfect right " to form and regulate
their do7nestic institutions in their own icay, subject
only to the Constitution of the United States."
A word or two more on another point, and I will
close. My colleague has made an assault on the
President of the United States for his efforts to
vindicate the supremacy of the laws, and put
down insurrection and rebellion in the Territory
of Kansas. In my opinion, the President of the
United States is entitled to the thanks of the whole
country for the promptness and energy with
which he has met the crisis. It was his impera-
tive duty to maintain the supremacy of the laws,
jyid see that they were faithfully executed. It
was his duty to suppress rebellion, and put down
treason. * My colleague says that it will be neces-
sary to catch the traitor before the President can
hang him. My opinion is that, from the signs of
the times, and in view of all that is passing around
us, as well as at a distance, there will be very
little difficulty in arresting the traitors—and that,
too, without going all the way to Kansas to find
them! [Laughter.] This Government has shown
itself the most powerful of any on earth in all
respects except one. It has shewn itself equal to
foreign war or to domestic defense—equal to any
emergency that may arise in the exercise of its
high functions in all things except the power to
hang a traitor!
I trust in God that the time is not nearat hand,
and that it may never come, when it will be the
imperative duty of those charged with the faith-
ful execution of the laws to exercise that power.
I trust that calmer and wiser counsels will pre-
vail, that passion may subside, and reason and
loyalty return, before the overt act shall be com-
mitted. I fervently hope, that the occasion may
never arise which shall render it necessary to test
the power of the Government, and the ftrmnesa
of the Executive in this respect; but if, unfor-
tunately, that contingency shall happen, if
treason against the United States shall be con-
summated, far be it from my purpose to express
the wish that the penalty of the law may not fall
upon the traitor's head !
My colleague also arraigns the President be-
cause he has issued a proclamation against the
insurgents in Kansas on what he considers insuf-
ficient evidence, and because he did not take effect-
ual steps to prevent illegal voting by non-residents
of the Territory at the general election on the
30th of March, 1855. His words are:
"Senators have justified and commended the entire
action of the Executive in reference to Kansas affairs ; but,
for my part, 1 can see no justifjpation in the documents
before us for such a proclamation and sue/t orders as have
been issued. When an invading army marched into Kan-
sas, and controlled its elections by driving its inhabitants
from the polls, we were told th  President had no such
official knowledge of the fact as would justify his interfer-
ence to protect the ballot-box. How is it that he could
neither see nor hear of those invasions, in utter disregard
of ad act of Congress, and yet is so ready, without any
official information, to take, notice of an opposition to the
enactments of a spurious Territorial Legislature? The fact
that Governor Reeder did not officially notify him of the
Missouri invasion is no excuse. Tt is the duty ol the Presi-
dent to see that the laws of the United States be faithfully
executed; and if Reeder neglectednis duty he should have
removed him. It cannot be that the President was unin-
formed of the manner in which the elections in Kansas
were carried; the facts were proclaimed throughout the
land, and known to everybody."
