1856.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
introduce a resolution. About the same time will
be consumed by it as would be taken up by a call
of the House.
The Clerk read, the resolution for information,
as follows:
Resolved, That it is a fundamental principle of our polit-
ical system, that ours is a government of the people, anting
by their Representatives duly elected; that the members of
this House, as the direct Representatives of the people and
a necessary part of the Congress of the United States, are
not here merely to act as political partisans, but have higher
duties to discharge, among which it is their duty to organ-
ize and proceed with the legislation necessary to carry on
the Government and promote the general welfare; that the
Representatives should be so organized as truly to reflect
and carry out the sentiments and wishes of a majbrity of
the American people; and in order to do this, where there
are more than two political parties represented in this
House, which adhere to a separate organization, the Speaker
should, in accordance with the true theory and principles on
which our institutions rest, as well as in conformity to the
general practice of the legislative assemblies, be taken from
that party having the largest number of members; and
where, in such a case, a reasonable effort has been made,
and neither party is able to command the votes of a ma-
jority, so as to elect a Speaker, the adoption of the plurality
rule is the only fair and practical mode loft to organize the
House, and that it is right in principle and m conformity
with the former practice of this House.
Mr. DUNN. I desire to offer, as a substitute
for that resolution, what I send to the Clerk's
desk.
THe Clerk read the resolutions for information,
as follows:
Resolved, That regarding the political complexion of the
present House of Representatives as indicating the. un-
doubted sentiment of a large majority of the people of the
United States against the act of the last Congress, repeal-
ing the lestiiction against slavery in the Teriitories of Kan-
* sas and Nebraska, imposed by the compromise of 1829, no
man ought to be cliosen Speaker of this body who does not
fully and heartily harmonize with that sentiment, or who
will hesitate to exert himself earnestly for the restoration
of that restriction in terms or in substance.
Resolved, That said restiiction ought to be restored as an
act of justice to all the people of the United States, as a
proper vindication of the wisdom, patriotism, and plighted
honor of the great statesmen who imposed it, and as a
neccssary and certain means of reviving that concord and
harmony among the States of the American Union which
arc essential to the welfare of our people and the perpetuity
of our institutions. ^
Resolved, That a useless and factious agitation of the
slavery question, in or out of Congress, is unwise, unjust
to a portion of the American people, and, some extent,
injurious to every section of our country, and therefore
should not be countenanced; but until the Missouri restric-
tion of 1820 shall have been restored, in fact or in sub-
stance, to tlie said Territoues of Kansas and Nebraska,
fully and completely, to that extent and for that puiposc, it
is our solemn duty to the past, the present, and the future,
steadily and fumly to persist m our efforts.
^ The question was then taken on the motion
# that there be a call of the House, and it was de-
cided in the negative—yeas 57, nays 142; as fol-
lows:
YEAS—Messrs. Aiken, Banks, Barksdale. Bell, Hendley
S. Bennett, Boyce, Burnett, Cadwaladcr, James II. Camp-
bell, John P. Campbell, Caihlc.Caiuthcis, Curiae, Howell
Cobb, Cox, Cullon, Davidson, Dowdell, Dunn, Edmutul-on,
Elliott, Eu.ttir>, Evans,Faulkner, Florence, Henry M. Fuller,
Goodc, J. Morrison liams, Hcibert, Hoffman, Houston, J.
Glancy Jone^, Kelly, Kennett, Kidwell, Lake, Lumpkin,
Maxwell, McMullin, McQueen, Mott, Orr, Paine, Peck,
Phelps, Ready, Richardson, Ruffin, Savage, Sneed, Stewart,
Taylor, Underwood, Walker, Warner, Watkms, Wheeler,
Wmslow, and John V. Wnght—57.
NAYS—-Messrs. Albright, Allison, Ball, Barbour, Henry
Bennett, Benson, Bilhnghurst, Bingham, Bliss, Bocock.
Bradshaw, Brenton, Bioom, Buffmgton, Burhngame, Lewis
ft.Campbell, Chaffee,dawson,Clmgman,Williamson R.W.
Cobb, Colfax, Comins, Covode, Cragin,Cumbaek,Damrell,
Timothy Davis, Day, Dean, De Witt, Dick, Dickson, Dodd,
Durfee, Edic,Emue,English, Etheudge, Foster, Thomad J.
' D. Fuller, Giddmga, Gilbeit, Granger, Gieenwood, Grow,
Robert B. Hall, Hailan, Sampson W. Harris, Thomas L.
Harris, Holloway, Thomas R. Horton,Valentine B. Hoiton,
Howard, Jewett, George W. Jones, Ivelsey, King, Knapp,
Knight, Knowlton, Knox, Kunkcl, Leitcr, Letcher, Mace,
Humphrey Marshall, Samuel S. Marshall, Matteson, Mc-
Carty, Meacham, Killian Miller, Smith Miller, Millson,
Milhvard, Moore, Morgan, Morrill, Nichols, Norton, An-
drew Oliver, Mordecai Oliver, Packer, Parker, Pennington,
Perry, Pettit, Pike, Porter, Powell, Pnngle, Purviance, Pur-
yeai, Quitman, Reade, Robbms, Roberts, Ru«t, Sabin, San-
didge, Sapp, Scott, Sherman, Simmons, Samuel A. Smith,
William Smith, William R. Smith, Spinner, Stanton, Ste-
phens, Stranahan,Talbott, Tappan, ThoVmgton, Thurston,
Todd, Trai'ton, Trippe, Tyson, Valk, Wade, Wakeman,
Walbridse, Waldion, CaHvalader C. Washbume, Ellihu
B. Washbume, Israel Washburn, Watson, Wells,Whitney,
Wood, Woodruff, Woodworth, Daniel B.Wright, and Zolli-
coffer~142.
So the motion was disagreed to.
Pending the call of the roll,
Mr. RUFFIN (when Mr.CRAiGE's name was
called) said: lam requested by Mr. Craige to
'state that he has paired off with Mr. Hughston,
of New York, the arrangement to extend to the
meeting of the House ou Saturday morning, the
9th February.
Mr. HUGHSTON (when his name was called)
Said: In consequence of sickness in my family i
am under the necessity of going home, and I have
paired off with Mr. Craige, of North Carolina,
until the morning of the 9th of February. I
therefore do not vote.
Mr. SMITH, of Tennessee. I move to rescind
the resolution prohibiting debate for one week;
and on that motion I call for the previous ques-
tion.
Mr. McMULLIN. I second it.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. I would sug-
gest to the gentleman from Tennessee, that it is
hardly worthwhile to rescind the resolution to-day."
It will expire by its own limitation to-morrow.
Mr. SMITH. I want to rescind it to-day.
We have tried it long enough. I call for the yeas
and nays on my motion.
Mr. J ONES, of Tennessee. I move to lay the
motion of my colleague on the table.
Mr. SNEED. I ask for the yeas and nays on
that motion.
" Mr. FLORENCE. I call for tellers on the
yeas and nays.
The Clerk appointed Messrs. Florence and
Holloway to act as tellers.
The House was divided, and the tellers re-
aped—ayes thirty-two, noes not counted.
}j0o the yeas and nays were ordered.
v The question was taken; and it was decided in
the affirmative—yeas 104, nays 91; as follows:
YEAS —Messrs. Albright, Allen, Allison, Ball, Banks,
Barbour, Barclay, Benson, Bingham, Bradshaw, Brenton,
Broom, Buffington, Burhngame, Cadwaladcr, Chaffee,
Clmgman, Howell Cobb, Williamson R. W. Cobb, Colfax,
Comins, Covode, Cullen, Cumback. Damrell, Henry Win-
ter Davis, Timothy Davis, Day, Dean, De Witt, Dick,
Dickson, Durfee, Emrie, English, Etheridge, Foster,
Thomas J. D. Fuller, Greenwood, Grow, Robert B. Hall,
Sampan W. Harris, Hoffman, Holloway, Houston, How-
ard, George W. Jones, J. Glancy Jones, King, Knapp,
Knight, Knowlton, Knox, Lake, LmdJcy, Mace, Meacham,
Kilhan Miller, Smith Miller, Millson, Mott, Nichols, Nor-
ton, Andrew Oliver, Parker, Pelton, Pennington, Peiry,
Phelps, Pike, Porter, Pnngle, Puiviance, Pin year, Reade,
Ricaud, Robeits,'Sabui, Scott, Sherman, Simmons, Wil-
liam R. Smith, Stanton, Stranahan, Swope, Thormgton,
Thurston, Todd, Tyson, Undeiwood, Wade, Wakeman,
Walbridge, Waldron, Cadwalader C. Washbume, Israel
Washburn, Watson, Welch, Wells, Wood, Woodiuff, and
Woodworth—104.
NAYS— Messrs. Aiken, Barksdale, Henry Bennett,
Hendley S. Bennett, Bliss, Bocock, Bowie, Boyce, Bur-
nett, John P. Campbell, Lewis D. Campbell, Carlile, Ca-
ruthers, Caskie, Clawson.Cox, Davidson, Dodd, Dowdell,
Dunn, Edmundson, Elliott, fiustia, Evans, Faulkner, Flor-
ence, Iicnry M. Fullei, Gidduigs, Gilbeit, Goode, Gianger,
IJarlan, J. Morrison Han is, Thomas L. Harris, Harrison,
Herbeit, Thomas it. Horton, Valentine B. Horton, Jewett,
Kelly, Kelsey, Kennett, Kidwell, Kunkel, Leitcr, Letcher,
Lumpkin, Humphrey Marshall, Samuel  . Marshall, Mat-
teson, Maxwell, McCartv, McMulhn, McQueen, Milhvard,
Moore, Morrill, Mordecai Oliver, Oir, Packer, Paine, Peck,
Powell, Quitman, Ready, ltichardsot], Ruffin, Ru^t, San-
didge, Sapp, Savage. Samuel A. Smith, Stiecd, Sptnner,
Stewart, Talbott, Tappan, Taylor, Tnppe, Valk, Walker,
Warner, Ellihu B. Wa-Oibuine, Watkms, Wheelei, Whit-
ney, Williams, Win«lovv3 Daniel B. VViight, John V.
Wright, and Zollicoffer—91.
So tho motion was laid upon the table.
Pending the call of the roll,
Mr. STEPHENS slated that he had paired off
for the day with Mr. Trafto>t.
VOTE FOR SPEAKER.
The House then proceeded to vote the one
hundred and twenty-nfth time for Speaker, with
the following result: Whole number of votes cast,
200; necessary to a choice, 101; of which—
Nathaniel P. Banks received 94
James L.Oir  66
Henry M. Fuller 28
James B. Ricaud  3
JohnR. Edie  2
William Smith  2
Lewis D. Campbell  1
Alexander C. M. Pennington  1
Solomon G. Haven  1
John Williams  1
Augustus Hall...   *
So there was rfWrnoice.
The following is the vote in detail:
For Mr. Banks—Messrs. Albright, Allison, Ball, Barbour-
Henry Bennett, Benson, Bilhnghurst, Bingham, Bliss, Brad-
shaw, Brenton, Buffington, Burhngame, Lewis D. Camp,
bell, Chaffee, Colfax, Comins, Clawson, Covode, Cragm,
Cuinback, Damicll, Timothy Davis, Day, Dean, De Witt,
Dick, Dickson, Dodd, Durfee, Edie, Emrie, Giddinsrs, Gil-
bert, Granger, Grow, Hall, Harlan, Holloway, Thomas
R. Horton, Valentine B. Horton, Howard, Kelsey, King,
Knapp, Knight, Knowlton, Knox, Kunkel, Leiter, Mace,
Matteson, McOarty, Meacham, Kilhan Miller, Morgan,
Morrill, Mott, Nichols, Norton, Andrew Oliver, Parker,
Pelton, Perry, Pettit, Pike, Pnngle, Puiviance, Ritchie,
Robbins, Roberts, Sabin, Sapp, Sherman, Simmons, Spin-
ner, Stanton, Stranahan, Tappan, Thorlngton, Thurston,
Todd, Tyson, Wade, Wakeman, Walbridge, VValdron,
Cadwalader C. Washbume, Ellihu B. Wasbbuflie, Israel,
Washburn, Watson, Welch, Wood, Woodruff, and Wood-
worth. ,
For Mr. Orr—Messrs. Aiken, Allen, Barclay, Barksdalej
Bell, IlendJey S. Bennett, Bocock, Bowie, Boyce, Burnett,
Cadwalader, Caruthers, Caskie, Clingman, Howell Cobb,
Williamson R. W. Cobb, Davidson, Dowdell,'Edmundson,
Elliott, English, Faulkner, Florence, Thomas J. D  Fuller,
Goode, Greenwood, Sampson W. Harris, Thomas L.
Harris, Herbeit, Houston, Jewett, George W.. Jones, J.
Glancy Jones, Kelly, Kidwell, Letcher, Lumpkin, Samuel
S. Marshall, Maxwell, McMulhn, McQueen, Smith Miller,
Millson, Mordecai Oliver, Packer, Peck, Phelps, Powell,
Quitman, Richardson, Ruffin, Rust, Sandidge,' Savage,
Samuel A. Smith, William Smith, Stewart, Talbott,Taylor,
Warner, Watkins, Wells, Williams, Wmslow, Daniel B.
Wright, and John V. Wright.
For Mr. Fuller — Messrs. Broom, Cox, Cullen, Henry
Winter Davis, Etheridge, Eustis, Evans, Foster, J. Morri-
son Harris, Hoffman, Kennett, Lmdley, Humphrey Mar-
shall, Millward, Paine, Poster, Reade, Ready, Ricaud, Wil-
liam R. Smith, Sneed, Swope, Trippe, Underwood, Valk,
Walker, Whitney, and Zollicoffer.
For Mr. Ricaud—Messrs. Carlile, Henry M. Fuller, and
Lake.
For Mr. Edie—Messrs. Dunn and Moore.
For Mr. Smitk—Messrs. Puryear and JohnJP. Campbell.
For Mr. Campbell—Mr. Scott.
For Mr. Pennington—Mr. Haven.
For Mr. Haven—Mr. Harrison.
For Mr. IVilhanis—Mr. Wheeler.
For Mr. Hall—Mr. Orr.
Pending the call of the roll,
Mr. PtJRYJEARsaid: On Monday last, when
the resolution was introduced, declaring the hon-
orable William Smith, of Virginia, Speaker of
this House, I was absent, having paired off. If
I had' been here, I should have voted for that res-
olution. I have been in favor, for several weeks,
of bringing that gentleman forward as a candi-
date for Speaker; and I am ready now to vote for
him, whenhver a sufficient number of his friends
can be brought forward to his support, in connec-
tion with the Democratic party, to render his
election probable. I vote for Mr. Smith.
The House proceeded to vote the one hundred
and twenty-sixth time for Speaker, with the fol-
lowing result: Whole number of votes cast, 199*,
necessary to a choice, 100; of which—
Nathaniel P. Banks received   94
James L. Orr   . .65
IIcniyM. Fuller 29
William Smith  2
John R. Edie.      2
Alexander C. M. Pennington  1
John Williams    X
James B. Ricaud     1
Solomon G. Haven   r... 1
George W. Peck     1
Lewis D. Campbell  1
Percy Walker      1
So there was no choice.
The following is the vote in detail:
For Mr. Banks— Me r<! Albright, Allison, Ball, Barbour,
Henry Bennett, Benson, Billtnghmst, Buigham, Bliss, Brad-
shaw, Bienton, Buffington, burhngame, Lewis D. Camp-
bell, Chaffee, Claw-on, Coilax, Comins, Covode, Crasitn,
Cumback, Damtcll, Timothy Davi«, Day, Dean, De Witt,
Dick, Dickson, Dodd, Duriee, Edie, Emne, Giddmgs, Gil-
bert, Granger, Glow, Robert B. Hull, Hailan, Holloway,
Thomas R. Horton, Valentine B. Horton, Howard, Kelsey,
King, Knapp, Knight, Knowlton, Knox, Kunkel, Leitcr,
Matteson, McCarty, Meacham, Kilhan Miller, Morgan,
Mornll, Mott, Nichols, Norton, Andiew Oliver, Parker,
Pelton, Perry, Pettit, Pike, Pringle, Purviance, Ritchie,
Robbms, Robtson, Sabin, Sapp, Sherman, Simmons, Spin-
ner, Stanton, Stranahan, Tappan, Thormgton, Thurs-ton,
Todd, Tyson, Wade, Wakeman, Walbridge, Waldion, Cad-
waladcr C. Washbume, Elhhu B. Wa&hburne, Tsrael
Washburn, Watson, Welch, Wood, Woodruff, and Wood-
worth.
For Mr. Orr—Messrs. Aiken, Allen, Barclay, Bell, Hend-
ley S. Bennett, Bocock, Bowie, Boyce. Burnett, Cadwala-
der, Caruthers, Caskie, Clingnidn, Howell Cobb, Williamson
R W. Cobb,Davidson, Dowdell, Edmundson, Elliott, Eng-
h>h, Faulkner, Florence, Thomas J. D. Fuller, Goode,
Greenwood, Sampson W. Harris, Thomas L. Hairis, Her-
bert, Houston, Jewett, George W. Jones, J. Glancy Jones,
Kelly, Kidwell, Letcher, Lumpkin, Samuel S. Marshall^
Maxwell, McMullm, McQueen, Smith Miller, Millson,Mor-
decai Oliver. Packer, Peck, Phelp*, Powell, Ottoman, Rich-
ardson, Ruffin, Rust, Sandidge, Savage, William Smith,
Samuel A. Smith, Stewart, Talbott, Taylor, Warner, Wat-
kins, Wells, Wmslow, Williams, Daniel B. Wright, and
John V. Wright.
For Mr. Fuller — Messrs. Broom, Carlile, Cox, Cullen,
Henry Winter Davis, Etheridge, Evans, Foster, J. Morrison
Harris, Hoffman, Kennett, Lake, Lindley, Humphrey Mar-
shall, Millward, Paine, Porter, Reade, Ready, Ricaud, Wil-
liam R. Smith, Sneed, Swope, Trippe, Underwood, Valk,
Walker, Whitney, and Zollicoffer.
For Mr. Smith—Messrs. John P. Campbell and Puryear
For Mr. Edie—Messrs. Dunn and Moore.
For Mr. Pennington—Mr. Haven.
For Mr. Williums—Mr. Wheeler.
For Mr. Ricaud—Mr. Henry M. Fuller.
For Mr. Haven—Mr. Harrison.
For Mr. Peck—Mr. Orr.
For Mr. Campbell—Mr. Scott.
For Mr. Walker—Mr. Eustis.
