1856.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1899
For hoses, carriages, and saddle horses, $5,000.
For fuel, oil, and candles, .$2,500.
For ncw.-papers, .$14,500.
For engraving, eleotiotyping, and lithographing, $125,000.
For Capitol police, $5,-190.
For miscellaneous items. $250,000.
For pages and mail boys, $8,400.
For folding documents, including pay of folders, folding
paper, twine, and paste, $40,000.
For twenty-four copies of the Congressional Globe and
Appendix for each member and Delegate of the first session
of the Thirty-Fourth Congress, $34,704.
For binding twenty-four copies of the Congressional Globe
and Appendix for each member and Delegate of the first
session of the Thirty-Fourth Congress, $16,757 92.
For twenty-four copies of the Congressional Globe and
Appendix foi each member and Delegate of the second ses-
sion of the Thirty-Fourth Congress, $17,352.
For bind mg twenty-four copies of the Congressional Globe
and Appendix for each member and Delegate of the second
session of the Thirty-Fouith Congress, $8,676.
Forreporuiigaiid publishing the proceedings of the House
of Representatives, $15,620, m addition to the unexpended
balance of the appropriation contained m act approved 15th
Way, 1856, for the same purpose, -prior to the l.^t July, ltf56.
For ciciks on land map^, olerks to committees, and teni-
poraiy clerks in the office of the Cleik of the House of
Representatives, $28,460.
For one hundred copies of the Congiession.il Globe and
Appendix, and for binding the same, for the firstand >eeond
sessions of the Thirty-Fourth Congress, for the House Li-
biary, ^1,500.
Forlurmtnre for committee.-!ooins iu the south wing of
the extension of the Capitol, $10,000.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I will state to the Com-
mittee that these changes in the bill originally
reported by the Committee of Ways and Means
have been rendered necessary by the amended
estimate of the Clerk of the House, which gen-
tlemen will find in document 133. The highest
item has been occasioned by the resolution to
furnish new members with books, adopted in the
House of Representatives, July 7, 185G.
Mr. HOUSTON. How much is added by
that?
Mr. CAMPBELL. One hundred and eighty
thousand dollars is the amount that has been
added to the original bill by reason of that which
is commonly known as the book resolution.
Mr. COBB, of Alabama. Why do you not
say soJ
Mr. CAMPBELL. 1 do say so; if the gen-
tleman cannot hear me, let him draw nearer.
[Laughter.] That is the highest item. The gen-
tleman will find that these items are all author-
ized by law; and the Committee of Ways and
Means unanimously agreed to report the amend-
ment.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I cannot feel that it
is right or proper, or m any way to be defended,
to appropriate $250,000 in solido, under the head
of "miscellaneous." I want the items of the
appropriation specifically, as it is the duty of the
Committee of Ways and Means to furnish them.
It is their duty to specify the items, and 1 think
that duty ought to be performed. This head of
" miscellaneous," for §250,000, is a vast cover.
I call for the items; I desire to have them put
down in the bill.
Mr. CAMPBELL. If the gentleman from Vir-
ginia will allow me, I will refer him—as I have
aheady done—to the printed document (No. 133)
that was laid upon his desk some weeks since,
lie will find all the items there.
Mr. SMITH. Allow me to say to the gentle-
man from Ohio, that this is not the proper form in
which to put it. I want to see the specifications
of this appropriation. We know perfectly well
that, where a miscellaneous head is adopted, it
leaves the largest discretion to the executive offi-
cer. I want the specific items. I want to keep
from the executive officer as much discretion as
possible.
Mr. CAMPBELL. If the gentleman will al-
low me to explain, I will say that, among other
items, there is one of $31,000 for reporting
speeches, a fair proportion of which were made
by the gentleman himself.
"Mr. §M1TH. That gentleman has but poor
memory, if he is not aware that I have spoken
very little—not so much as 1 might have desired.
I have made but one single speech, as a speech,
this entire session; but the gentleman has spoken
on every occasion, and has, I say, forgotten his
duty to this House, by thrusting the negro ques-
tion jnto almost every subject that came up for
discussion.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I call on the gentleman
to inform me when I have thrust this question
on the House. Specify when?
Mr. SMITH, t shall take occasion to do it.
The gentleman did it the other day on the Kan-
sas bill.
Mr. CAMPBELL. Well, that was legiti-
mately before the body; and whenever it is legiti-
mately before the body I will discuss it.
Mr. SMITH. It is a question whether it was
legitimately before the body; and I am only sur-
prised that the gentleman from Ohio could assume
that it was.
Mr. FLORENCE. I rise to a question of
order. Neither the gentleman from Ohio nor the
gentleman from Virginia is discussing the ques-
tion immediately before the House. I feel it to
be due to myself, to the House, and to the coun-
try, at this late hour of the session, to call both
these gentlemen to order.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair is ©f opinion
that the point of order is well taken.
Mr; ORR. Is it in order to move an amend-
ment to the amendment?
The CHAIRMAN. It is in order.
Mr. ORR. I propose to oiler two amendments.
The fnst is, to reduce this item for miscellaneous
matters from <>.250,000 down to $>200,000. I un-
derstand, from the chairman of the Committee of
Ways and Means, that this item of £250,000 is
made up largely of the sum necessary to pay for
the books under the book resolution—$180,000;
and I see that $20,000 additional is accounted for
as for per diem and mileage of candidates for
seats in the House during the present session of
Congress, making $200,000. Now, sir, 1 make
this proposition to amend with a view of ascer-
taining from the gentleman from Ohio how it is
i that this additional $>50,000 is made up ?
| Mr. CAMPBELL. If the gentleman will refer
! to document No. 133 
j Mr. ORR. That is the document which I hold
i in my hand.
| Mr. CAMPBELL. You will perceive there
: that the increase in the tenth item is rendered
necessary to pay outstanding bills. Twenty
thousand dollars is estimated as the amount re-
quired to pay the per diem and mileage of contest-
< ants for seats in the House during the present
Congress. There are various other items of a
similar character.
Mr. ORR. I have that information before me.
I understand, from the gentleman from Ohio, that
§180,000 is necessary to pay for books voted to
members, and $20,000 for mileage and per diem
of contestants for seats. That is $200,000. Now
I desire the items for the lemaining $50,000.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I will state to the gentle-
man from South Carolina that the original esti-
mates of the Clerk were presented at the com-
mencement of the session—very soon after the
organization of the House. Since_ that time he
has presented these amended estimates, which
were made necessary in consequence of items
which were not provided for in those estimates.
I Mr. ORR. Will the chairman of the Com-
| mittee of Ways and Means inform me what is
1 the number of the document which gives the
; details of these estimates ?
j Mr. CAMPBELL. The items of the contin-
! gent fund are set forth in the estimates in detail,
, with the exception of $50,000, the details of which
| are not set forth as usual in estimating for the
: contingent fund.
! Mr.lDRR. I do not object to this appropriation
i if it is needed; but 1 think the items should have
been set forth. I think $250,000 is too large a
sum to be placed at the discretion of the Clerk.
Mr. CAMPBELL. It has been the uniform
practice of the House, as the gentleman very well
knows, to make this appropriation of §50,000
for the contingent expenses of the House.
Mr. ORR. Such an appropriation is usually
made, but I think not to the extent of $250,000.
Mr. CAMPBELL. But there# was a large
deficiency provided for in the deficiency bill.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I wish to ask the
gentleman from Ohio if this item under the head
of "miscellaneous " provides for the purchase
of books ?
Mr. CAMPBELL. It docs.
Mr. JONES. How much is required to carry
! out the resolution on that subject?
| Mr. CAMPBELL. One hundred and eighty
I thousand dollars.
! Mr. JONES. I think, if the gentleman will
| look to the appropriation for the purchase of
i books made in the Twenty-Eighth Congress, he
will find that the item is placed by itself in the
appropriation bill, specifying for what purpose it
was intended I think that is the proper course
to pursue, and I will move to reduce this appro-
priation $180,000, and insert:
For the purchase of books voted for distribution among
the new members of this House, $180,000.
It will then conform to the uniform practice of
legislation upon this subject.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I will say this in refer-
ence to this amendment: it has been agreed upon
after full examination of the estimates In the
Committee of Ways and Means. If tfie Com-
mittee of the Whole see fit to amend it by setting
out in detail all the estimates presented by the
Clerk, I have no objection. The items in detail
have been given in the estimates which form a
public document, and go before the country as a
matter of course.
Mr. NICHOLS. As I understand it, there are
§20,000 included in this item for paying the per
diem and mileage of contestants. I would suggest
that this be taken out, and made an item by itself;
then let the $180,000 for the books be made an
item by itself; and the balance ($50,000) be made
an item by itself, under the head of " miscella-
neous."
Mr. HOUSTON. It has been usual for an
appropriation to be included in the miscellaneous
items for the purpose of paying the expenses
incident to these contested elections. I do not
think that appropriation has been separated into
an item by itself. I think the gentleman from
Ohio is under a mistake to some extent, when
he states that the amount of this miscellaneous
item has generally been as high as $50,000. That
item has usually been about $20,000. It may
have been as high sometimes as §30,000. I do
not remember that it has. But the Committee of
, Ways and Means have, for the last four years,
I always required the Clerk of the House to give
' the items that were to make up that $,20,000, or
$30,000. We did not insert them in the bill, for
! the reason that they were of such a nature that
] they could not well be inserted in the bill; but I
! remember distinctly that they have always re-
j quired the Clerk to furnish them to the committee.
I The amendment to the amendment was not
! agreed to.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I move to strike
out "$350,000," and insert " $35,000," so that
the appropriation will be $35,000, what it was ori-
ginally. Mr. Chairman, an unsophisticated man
would naturally inquire why it is necessary to
appropriate so large a sum as $35,000 under the
head of miscellaneous. Here we are providing
for our own expenditures, and yet when we un-
dertake to specify the appropriation we reach the
sum of $250,000. Why is it necessary to have
so large a sum as that? If it is necessary to have
$180,000 for books, why not say $180,000 for
books? If it is necessary to have an additional
sum for contested scats, we know what that sum v
must be; and why not specify it? Why should
we not let the country know the character of the
expenditures that we authorize? I understand
the gentleman from Alabama to say that " miscel-
laneous items" is the head under which the ex-
penditures for contested scats are to be found?
Is not this amount sufficient to cover it ? I pre-
sume there is no doubt of it. I move that the
miscellaneous items be cut down to $35,000, be-
cause I am satisfied that that is an ample sum.
If further appropriation is necessary for other
objects, let it be made; but let the object be spe-
cified. As to the report referred to by the gen-
tleman from Ohio, the country sees it not. They
can have no knowledge of these particular items,
as they ought to have—none whatever.
Mr. SMITH, of Tennessee. I am opposed to
the amendment. I have an amendment which I
think will satisfy gentlemen, and do justice to the
Committee of Ways and Means, and to this
committee. I give notice that I shall offer it at
the proper time. It is as follows:
For the purchase of books fordistnbution among the new
members of this House, ,*5180,000.
For pay and mileage of contestants of seats in States ana
Toiritories, $30,000.
For miscellaneous items, $25,000.
I think that it has been customary to make an
appropriation, under the head of
to be applied to various purposes. The ft]WJ,UoU
for the purchase of books, and the $20,000 for
