1900
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
August 4,
the pay of contestants—and there have been a i
great many contested-election cases 111 this Con- J
gresa, and the appropriation consequent thereon '
is somewhat extraordinary—will cover those two
items; and $25,000, it seems to me, is sufficient
to cover the miscellaneous items which could not
be in the eye of the Committee of Ways and
Means, so as to set them out specifically. These
expenses, at this session of Congress, have been
extraordinary. I am not willing that the miscel-
laneous item shall be stricken from the bill. X
think my amendment will satisfy gentlemen on
both sides.
The question was taken on the amendment to
the amendment; and it was disagreed to.
Mr. H. MARSHALL. It is now four o'clock
of the afternoon, and as gentlemen desire an
evening session, I move that we take a recess
until seven o'clock, p. m.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I hope the gentleman will
withdraw his motion until we get through with
the particular appropriation now before us.
Mr. MARSHALL. 1 will say to the gentle-
man that that is one of the reasons for my motion.
1 want time to look into the matter.
Mr. CAMPBELL. The document on which
it is based has been printed for weeks, and it is
the gentleman's own fault if he does not know
everything in relation to the amendment.
Mr. GROW. Let us understand the matter.
Are we to do business 'to-night, or are we to
meet for discussion on general topics ? If the
latter, then we ought to take up another bill on
which debate has not been terminated.
Mr. JOJNfES, of Tennessee. I move that this
bill be laid aside informally, and that the Com-
mittee proceed to the consideration of the Navy
appropriation bill.
The motion was agreed to.
The question was then taken on Mr. H. Mar-
shall's motion, and it was agreed to; and the
committee accordingly (at four o'clock) took a
recess until seven o'clock, p. m.
EVENING SESSION.
The committee resumed its session at seven
o'clock, (Mr. IIavf.n in the chair,) the Navy
appropriation bill being nominally under consid-
eration.
Mr. LUMPKIN spoke of the Black Republican
party as being organized on sectional principles,
and said its success would be the commencement
of a revolution, for that party would conduct the
Government m accordance with the views of the
triumphant majority, and no southern man could
accept office under it. He charged that tlie poli-
ticians of that party intended to bring about a dis-
ruption of the Union, and said to the rabid spirit
of anti-slavery might be attributed the existing
evils.
Messrs. WADE and LETCHER severally
made speeches on the slavery question,
Mr. VALK addressed the committee upon gen-
eral politics, the presidential election, and the po-
sition and principles of the American party.
Mr. PELTON made a speech m favor of the
refunding of duties on goods destroyed while in
their original and unbroken packages as im-
ported.
_ Mr. PETTIT argued that, in establishing ter-
ritorial governments, Congress had uniformly,
up to the passage of the Nebraska bill, estab-
lished conditions and obligations, preventing
every struggle of passion and interest in their
settlement, and especially on the subject of
slavery; that the principle began under the Con-
federation, and had been maintained since, in
ail instances, and by every department of the
Government, under the Constitution—that the
Missouri compromise was such a provision,
having for its object not more the establishment
of the public peace then, than of the peaceful
settlement of that part of Louisiana acquired
from France, north of 3(P30', when it should
come to be occupied; that the Nebraska bill was
the first infraction of that practice, but less excus-
able, because, m repealing that compromise, it
destroyed not merely a law, but the agreed a'nd
pledged faith of the States that promised perma-
nence to it, and gave it character and respect as
a measure of peace; and that to restore it, would
end all present angry passions, and bring back
oonfidenca, peace, and happiness. He contended
that after the repeal of the Missouri restriction
had opened Kansas and Nebraska as fields of
contest for angry passions and interests, the Pres-
ident had overstepped official duty, became a
partizan of the extension of slavery, and lent the
influence of his administration, either by active
interference and direct influence, or, where that
interest was served better by abstaining, when
bound by duty, from acting to maintain law and
order in the Territories.
Mr. RUPFIN addressed the committee on the
presidential question.
The speeches of the above named gentlemen are
withheld for revision, and will be published in the
Appendix.
Mr. BROOM took the floor.
Several members then obtained permission of
the Committee to publish their speeches in case
they should be deprived of an opportunity of
delivering them by a cessation of the evening ses-
sions for general debate.
Mr. BROOM, I will take occasion to say that
my purpose is to address the Committee on the
slate of the Union—a matter, taken in its legiti-
mate sense, requiring emphatically the considera-
tion of the American people. I will not ask per-
mission to publish my remarks, in case no oppor-
tunity shall be afforded me to make them here,
but I will observe that I shall avail myself of the
stump pretty generally for the expression of my
views between this and the presidential election.
I now move that the committee rise.
The motion was agreed to.
So the committee rose; and Mr. Letcher having
taken the chair a% Speaker pro tempore, Mr.
Haven reported that the Committee of the Whole
on the State of the Union had had the Union
generally under consideration, and particularly
the Navy appropriation bill, and had come to no
resolution thereon.
And then, on motion of Mr. Haven, (at a
quarter after ten o'clock, p. m.,)the House ad-
journed until Monday, at eleven o'clock,a. m.
IN SENATE.
Monday, August 4, 1856.
Prayer by the Rev. Henry C. Dean.
The Journal of Friday was read and approved.
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS.
Mr. STUART presented a petition of citizens
of Kalamazoo, Michigan, praying for the admis-
sion of Kansas into the Union as a State with the
Topeka constitution; which was ordered to he on
the table.
Mr. BROWN presented the memorial of the
Young Men's Christian Association in the city
of Washington, praying that a chaplain may be
appointed for the jail in that city; which was
referred to the Committee on the District of
Columbia.
Mr. WELLER presented a petition of citizens
of Marion county, California, praying for the
establishment of a mail route from Petaluma to
Tomales, in that State; which was referred to the
Committee on the Post Office and Post Roads.
Mr. JONES, of Iowa, presented five petitions
of citizens of Iowa, praying for the establish-
ment of a mail route from Dyersville to Decorah,
in that State, and a petition of citizens of Taylor
county, Iowa, praying for the establishment of a
mail route fromPhilo to Bedford, in Iowa; which
were referred to the Committee on the Post Office
and Post Roads.
Mr. IVERSON presented the petition of Mar-
garet McClure, widow of John McClure, a revo-
lutionary soldier, praying to be allowed a pension;
which was referred to the Committee on Pen-
sions.
Mr. FITZPATRICK presented a petition of
the printers of the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives during the last and present Congress,
praying for the payment of certain moneys equi-
tably due to them forpubiicprinting, and withheld
from them by the accounting officers; which was
referred to the Committee on Printing.
WITHDRAWAL OF PAPERS.
On motion of Mr. SEBASTIAN, it was
Ordered, That the Committee on Indian Affairs be dis-
charged from the further consideration of the petition of
James Taylor, heir of James Bigbey, and that he have leave
to withdraw his petition and papers.
On motion of Mr, FESSENDEN, it was
Ordered That the pelition and papers of Ephraim Hunt
be withdrawn from thf tiles? ot the Senate, and that tliey be
referred to the Committee on Claims.
REPORTS FROM COMMITTEES.
Mr. SEWARD, from the Committee on Com-
merce, to whom was referred the bill (S. No.
424) for continuing the improvement of the har-
bor of Providence, Rhode Island, reported it
without amendment.
Mr. SEBASTIAN, from the Committee on
Indian Affairs, to whom was referred the memo-
rial of Charles A. Kinkead, submitted a report,
accompanied by a bill (S. No. 425) for the relief
of Livingston, Kinkead & Co.; which was read,
and passed to a second reading.
BIRD ISLAND.
Mr. SEWARD submitted the following reso-
lution; which was considered by unanimous con-
sent, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the President of the United States be re-
quested, if in his opinion compatible with the public inter-
est, to communicate to the Senate the correspondence of
the Department, touching the claim of Philo S. Shelton,
to Aves or Cud Island, in the Caribbean Sea.
TREASON IN KANSAS.
Mr. "WILSON submitted the following resolu-
tion, and asked for its immediate consideration:
Resolved, That the Committee on the Judiciary be in-
structed to report forthwith a resolution authorizing the
President of the United States to direct the district attorney
of the Territory of Kansas to enter a nolle prosequi on each
of the indictments against Chailes Robinson, U. W. Smith,
G. Jenkins, John Brown, Jr.,H. H. Williams, G. Brown,
and G. W. Deitzler, for treason against the United States.
Mr. BROWN objected to the consideration of
the resolution, and it lies over under the rule.
CONQUEST OF CALIFORNIA.
Mr. THOMSON, of New Jersey. I submit
the following resolution:
Resolved, Tiiat the President of the United States be re
quested to furnish this body with copies of the dispatches
from Commodore Stockton in 18-16, forwarded by Mr.
Christopher Carson, giving an account of his operations in
California.
Also, if in the possession of the Government, any dis-
patches or history from Messrs. W. B. Ide, John Gu<j>by,
and Samuel Nash, lelative to the declaration of independ-
ence, and the hoisting of the bear flag in California, pre
viously to the arrival of Commodore Sloat on that station.
I move that the resolution be printed; and I
shall be very much obliged to the Senate if they
will to-morrow give me an opportunity of making
some remarks on the subject embraced in the res-
olution.
The resolution was ordered to be printed.
MESSAGE FROM THE HOUSE.
A message from the House of Representatives,
by Mr. Barclay, their Clerk, announced the
passage of the following Senate bills:
An act for the relief of Joseph Hill;
An act for the relief of Richard Albritton;
An act for the relief of Randall D. Livingston;
An act for the relief of Cephise Piseros, widow
of Louis Labranche,of the parish of St. Charles,
and State of Louisiana;
An act to confirm Joseph Wandestrand in his
title to certain lands; and
An act for the improvement of the navigation
of the Patapsco river, and to render the port of
Baltimore accessible to the war vessels of the
United States.
REFERENCE OF HOUSE BILLS.
The message also announced that they had
passed the following House hills and joint reso-
lution; which were read twice by their titles, and
referred as indicated below:
A bill for the relief of the heirs and legal rep-
resentatives of Mrs. Magdalena Broutin, widow
of De la Rondes—to the Committee on Private
Land Claims.
A bill for the relief of the heirs and legal rep-
resentatives of Ignacio Delino—to the Committee
| on Private Land Claims.
i A bill to confirm the title of Ruhama Whitaker
! and Rebecca Whitaker to certain lands in the
! State of Louisiana—to the Committee on Private
I Land Claims.
I A bill for the relief of the heirs and legal rep-
resentatives of Bernard Hemkin—to the Com-
mittee on Private Land Claims.
A bill for the relief of the heirs and legal rep-
