1856.}
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
291
34th Cong....1st Sess.
Kansas Contested Election—Mr. English.
Ho. or Reps.
peace, and doubt whether they would even restore
the Missouri compromise if they had the power.
What they do leant is agitation and political capital
to keep themselves in power, and prostrate the
supporters of the Nebraska bill. I shall not give
them a chance to gather ammunition, through the
agency of their election committee, if I can pre-
vent it. I am aware of the love these gentlemen
have for a Nebraska Democrat. I have felt their
"loving kindness," and think I know them.
Whv, sir, grant the power asked, and one half
the dissatisfied spirits in Kansas will be brought
here to give evidence—to say nothing of Free-
Soil zealots, and " willing witnesses" from other
quarters—and all at the expense of the United States.
-1 am informed that the list of witnesses one party
lias already made out contains seventy names,
most of whom reside a distance of fifteen hundred
or two thousand miles. When I consider the
large number of witnesses which would be brought
here, the great distance many of them would have
to travel, the immense tax it would be to the
Treasury, the bad feelings that would probably
be engendered, and the little practical good to be
attained, 1 am really surprised that the proposi-
tion should meet with favor in any quarter.
For like reasons I cannot vote for the proposi-
tion of my eloquent colleague from the Madison
district, [Mr. Dunn,J that three members of the
House shall be appointed by the Speaker, to col-
lect evidence, and inquire into " all violent and
tumultuous proceedings" in Kansas, ltis objec-
tionable to me for several reasons. In the first
place, I am unwilling to place the selection of
these commissioners in the hands of the Speaker;
and I must say, after the violent opposition of
ray worthy colleague, and the intimations thrown
out by him in the earlier periods of the session,
that I am surprised he should bring forward such
a proposition. Has he discovered that" Caesar"
is a better man, after all, than he took him to be,
and more entitled to confidence ? I know that my
distinguished colleague never acts without suffi-
cient reasons, but it is my misfortune upon this
occasion not to be able to see them.
Now, for my own part, although entirely op-
posed to the political views of the Speaker, I have
never believed half the bad things said of him,
and really consider him the .best presiding offi-
cer in the Black Republican ranks. I know it
was gravely announced in leading newspapers in
Europe, that we had elected a black man to be
Speaker, and I felt indignant when I read it. The
mistake was in attributing a color to the person
which might, with some propriety, be applied to
his principles. It is bad enough in all conscience
to be a Black Republican; and it is because he is
such, and has such strong Free-Soil proclivities,
that I am unwilling to place this power in his
hands. He was elected upon that issue, and in
the formation of committees has shown a determ-
ination to favor the views of his party to the
utmost extent of his power. A commission, em-
anating from that source, would be nothing more
than a second edition of the Committee of Elec-
tions, abridged in numbers, but in nothing else.
Besides, it is not a partial investigation, by par-
tisan members of Congress, (and we are all party
men,) that will satisfy the country.
Tiiese, however, are not my only objections.
would hardly pay the cost of printing the evi-
dence and report, which cannot fail to be vol-
uminous. It will probably embrace a little of
everything; for the commissioners are not only
to collect evidence in reference to the pending
question, but in regard to " all violent and tumult-
nous proceedings in that Territory." There is no
limit to the powers proposed to be conferred;
and they have just as much right to consume
time and the money of the Government in exam-
ining into a row over a squatter's claim, a dog
fight, or a whisky jug, as in reference to this
contested election. Is that right ? Sir, it would
not only be in their power to examine into such
things, but would seem to be their imperative
duty. What says my colleague's proposition ?
"They shall fully investigate and take proof of all violent
and tumultuous proceedings in said Territory at any time
since the passage of tbe Kanaaa-Nabraska act."
Free-and-easy characters, with rather belligerent
qualities, are to be found in all new countries;
and, unless Kansas is a remarkable exception,
these commissioners, if they do all that is required
of them, will certainly have their hands full.
Perhaps it is with a view to this extensive range
of examination that they are to have power to
appoint an unlimited number of clerks, assistant
sergeants-at-arms,&c. " That they be authorized
to employ one or more clerks, and one or more
sergeants-at-arms;" such is the language of the
resolution. What nice places these would be for
correspondents and sub-editors of Black Repub-
lican newspapers, and all to be paid out of the
pockets of " Uncle Sam What attention would
a report from such a source receive at the hands
of the people ? What faith would they have in
it? Sir, I submit that in these exciting times no
examination and report in relation to this matter
will command the respect and confidence of the
country if conducted by members of Congress
or mere politicians. The plan of my colleague
and of the Committee of Elections are alike ob-
jectionable upon that ground; and also because
J they involve* an unnecessary expenditure of the
people's money — an expenditure, in my judg-
ment, not called for by the occasion. On these and
other accounts I shall vote against both the propo-
sitions, and must adhere to the plan I have already
indicated.
In order that it may be seen whether I have
correctly represented my colleague's proposition,
I will submit the whole of it. Hear it is:
Resolved, That a committee of three of the members of
this House, to be appointed by the Speaker, shall proceed
to inquire into and collect evidence in regard to the troubles
in Kansas generally, and particularly in regard to any fraud
or force attempted or practiced in reference to any of the
elections which have taken place in said Territory, either
under the law organizing said Territory, or under any pre-
tended law which may be alleged to have taken effect therein
since. That they shall fully investigate and take proof of
all violent and tumultuous proceedings in said Territory,
at any time since the passage of the Kansas-Nebraska act,
whether engaged in by residents of said Territory, or by
any person or persons from elsewhere going into said Ter-
ritory, and doing, or encouraging others to do, any act of
violence or public disturbance against the laws of the United
States, or the rights, peace, and safety of the residents of
said Territory: and for that purpose said committee shall
have full power to send for and examine, and take copies
of all such papers, public records and proceedings, as in
their judgment will be useful in the premises; and, also, to
send for persons, and examine them on oath, or affirmation,
as to matters within their knowledge, touching the matters
of said investigation; and said committee, by their chairman,
shall have power to administer all necessary oaths or affirma-
tions connected with their aforesaid duties.
Resolved further, That said committee may hold their
investigations at such places and times as to them may
seem advisable, and that they have leave of absence from
the duties of this House until they shall have completed
such investigation. That they be authorized to employ
one or more clerks, and one or more assistant sergeants-at-
arms, to aid them fl  their investigation; and may adminis-
ter to them an oath or affirmation faithfully to perform the
duties assigned to them, respectively, and to keep secret
all matters which may come to their knowledge touching
such investigation as said committee shall direct, until the
report of the same shall be submitted to this House; and
said committee may discharge any such clerk, or assistant
sergeant-at-arms, for neglect of duty or disregard of instruc-
tions in the premises, and employ others under like regula-
tions.
Resolved further, That if any person shall in any manner
obstruct or hinder said committee, or attempt so to do, in
their said investigation, or shall refuse to attend on said
committee, and to give evidence when summoned for that
purpose, or shall refuse to produce any paper, book, public
record, or proceeding in their possession or control, to said
committee when so required, or shall make any disturbance
where said committee is holding their sittings, said commit-
tee may, if they see fit, cause any and every such person to
be arrested by said assistant sergeant-at-arms, and brought
before this House to be dealt with as for a contempt.
Resolved further, That for the purpose of defraying the
expenses or said commission, there be, and hereby is, ap-
propriated the sum of $10,000,to be paid out of the con-
tingent fund of this House.
Resolved further, That the President of the United States
be, and is hereby, requested to furnish to said committee,
should they be met with any serious opposition by bodies of
lawless men, in tbe discharge of their duties aforesaid, such
aid from any military force as may at the time be conve-
nient to them, as may be necessary to remove such opposi-
tion, and enable said committee without molestation to
proceed with their labors.
Resolved further, That when said committee shall have
completed said investigation, they report all the evidence
so collected to this House.
Mr. Speaker, I do not wish to be understood as
justifying any tumult or outrage which may have
occurred in Kansas—far from it; but I have no
idea that the difficulties there have been anything
like as serious as represented. I am assured by
gentlemen of the highest respectability, and who
Iiave the best opportunities of knowing, that one
half the stories which are going the rounds in
partisan newspapers about outrages in Kansas,
are totally unfounded, and the other half grossly
S exaggerated. There are more or less irregular-
ities in all new countries, and it has no doubt been
so in Kansas. Young territories, like most young
1 men, have wild oats to sow, but soon settle down,
and become peaceful, law-abiding, and prosperous
, communities. So it will be with Kansas, and es-
pecially if she is let alone by your emigrant aid
societies, and kindred organizations of both sec-
tions. There is the origin of all the difficulties
that are really of a serious character—outside in-
terference. Why will not the slavery fanatics and
agitators let the actual settlers in Kansas alone to
determine all these matters for themselves ?
That there has been improper outside inter-
ference in the affairs of that Territory, I am not
disposed to question; and that it is so must be a
source of regret to every well-wisher of his coun-
, try. I deeply regret it, and condemn it as un-
qualifiedly as any gentleman upon this floor.
Whether it is now in the power of this House to
remedy the irregularities which have occurred is
another question. But they ought not to be re-
peated—must not be; and to that end I am glad
to know the President of the United States has
issued his proclamation and taken the proper steps
to maintain law and order in the Territory, and
protect the people in the establishment of their
own institutions. The President says:
" It will be my imperative duty to exert the whole power
of the Federal Executive to support public order in the
Territory; to vindicate its laws, whether Federal or local,
1 against all attempts of organized resistance; and so to pro*
tect its people in the establishment of their own institutions,
I undisturbed by encroachment from without, and in the full
enjoyment of the rights of self-government, assured to tlieiq
by the Constitution and the organic act of Congress."
J Sir, it may not be profitable to inquire whether
i the people of New England or Missouri are most
to blame for the difficulties which have occurred,
or whether one side is more censurable than the
other My impressions are, that both are to
blame. The people of the North, through the
agency of emigrant aid societies, began the inter*
ference, and tneir acts provoked retaliation upon
the part of the people of Missouri. It was wrong
in both—all wrong; and mischief the natural re-
sult to be expected from such proceedings.
Kansas ought to have been left, like the other
Territories of the country, to the control and
management of actual settlers—men who wer«
acting in good faith. None others had a right to
interfere.
I know that it is common with gentlemen upon
the other Bide to attribute these Kansas difficul-
ties to the passage of the Nebraska bill; and they
endeavor to throw the responsibility upon the
supporters of that measure. Sir, the effort is un>-
just and wholly unwarranted by the &cts. It is
made, no doubt, with a view of diverting public
attention from the real authors of the mischief.
The able letter of the gentleman from North Care
olina, [Mr. Clingman,] to his constituents, says:
" The responsibility must rest on the Abolitionists, in spite
of the efforts of some of their secret allies to charge it on
the authors of the Kansas and Nebraska bill. If a body of
infidels should enter a church and create a disturbance, it
might as well be said that those who had built the church
ana attempted to worship in it were responsible for the
mischief, as that the legislators of the last Congress are to
be blamed for the efforts of those wrong-doers to defeat the
operation of the law."
Yes, sir, the comparison is well made by my
friend from North Caroling; and gentlemen upon
the other side cannot escape from it. Their Abo-
lition and Free-Soil allies violated the principles
of the Nebraska act by an unjust interference,
which provoked retaliation by the citizens of
Missouri, and that led to the mischief. That is
the true state of the case. It is not the law, then,
but the violation of its principles, that has brought
about these unfortunate troubles. Are we who
made the law to be responsible for the acts of
those who violate its provisions? Could any
proposition be more absurd ? Sir, I repeat, the
fault is not with the law, but with the outsiders
of both sections who have interfered in violation
of its principles. View it as they will, gentle-
men cannot fairly escape from the conclusion, that
if the actual citizens of Kansas had been left
