1856.
THE CONGRESSIONAL &LOBE.
There was no objection, and the modification
was made.
The question was taken on the second resolu-
tion, and it was agreed to—yeas 101, nays 100;
as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Albright, Allison, Ball, Banks, Barbour,
Henry Bennett, Benson, Billinghurst, Bmgham, Bishop,
Brad. haw, Brcnton, Buffington, Burlincame, Lewis 1).
Campbell, Chaffee, dawson, Colfax. Comins, Covode,
Crugin, Cumback, Damiell, Timothy Davis, Day, Dean, De
Witt, Dick. Dickson, Dodd, Dunn, Durfee, Edie, Emrie,
Giddiugs, Giibeu, Gian«er, Grow, Robert B. Hall, Xlarian,
Harrison, Haven, Ilolioway, Thomas R. Ilorton, Valentine
B. .Morton, Ilowaid, Kelscy, King, Knapp, Knight, Knowl-
ton, Kno.v, Kunkel, Leitei, Mace, Mattcson, McCarty,
Meacham, Killian Miller, Millvvard, Moore, Morgan, Mor-
rill, Mutt, Muiray, Nichols, Norton, Andrew Oliver, Par-
ker, Pelton, Pennington, Periy, Pettit, Pike, Pringle, Pur-
vianee, Ritchie, Roberts, Salmi, Sapp, Scott, Sherman, Sim-
mons, Spmner, Stanton, Stranahan, Tappan, Thoungton,
Thurston, Todd, Wakeman, Walbridge, Wuldron, Cadwal-
ader C. Washburne, Ellihu B. Washburne, Israel Wash-
burn, Welcli, Wheeler, Wood, Woodruff, and Woodworth
—101.
NAYS—Messrs. Aiken, Allen, Barclay, Barksdale, Boll,
Hendley S. Bennett, Bocock, Bowie, Bovee, Branch,
Broom, Burnett, Cadwalader, John P. Campbell, Carlile,
Caruthers, Caskie, Clingman, Jlowell Cobb, Williamson R.
W. Cobb< Cox, Cullen^ Davidson, Ilemy Winter Davis,
Dowdel!, Edmundson, Elliott, English, Etheridire, Eu^tis,
Evans, Faulkoer, Foster, Henry M. Fuller, Thomas J. D.
Fuller, Goode, Greenwood, Augustus Hall, J. jMoukoii
Harris, Sampson W. Harris, Thomas L. Harris, Iloibeit,
Hoffman, Houston, Jowett, George W. Jones, J. Glancy
Jones, Kelly, Kennett, ICidvvell, Lake, Letcher, Lindley,
Lumpkin, Humphrey Marshall, Samuel S. Marshall, Max-
well, McMullin, McQueen, Smith Miller, Millson, Mor-
decai Oliver, On, Packer, Pame, Peek, Pheips Porter,
Powell, Puryear, Quitman, Reade, Ready, Rieaud, Rich-
aidson, Ruffm,Rust, Sandtdge, Savage, Samuel A. Smith,
William Smith, William R. Smith, Sneed, Stephens, Stew-
art, Swope, Talbott, Taylor, Tnppe, Undeiwood, Valk,
Walker, Warner, Watkins, Whitney, Williams. Window,
Daniel B. YV light, John V. Wright, and Zollicoffer—100.
When the name of Mr. Alexander K. Mar-
shall was called,
Mr. UNDERWOOD stated that his colleague
was detained m his room and prevented from
attendance by indisposition.
The third resolution was then reported.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. I move a division of
the question; that the vote be first taken on the
first part of the resolution down to the words,
"but until the Missouri restriction of 1830,"
&c
The CLERK. The Clerk would suggest that,
if the proposition be divided, the last portion by
itself would be mere verbiage.
Mr. LETCHER. I differ from the Clerk in
reference to the susceptibility of the proposition
to an intelligible division. 1 insist 011 a division.
The CLERK. The Clerk has again read the
resolution, and thinking that it may be suscep-
tible to a division, will put the question to the
House.
Mr. STEPHENS. Mr. Cldrk, I thought it
was divisible at first, and wanted it done; but I
do not think so now. Suppose the first branch is
voted out, would the portion left make any sense ?
That is the question. There would be 110 sense
in it, and I therefore hold that the proposition is
not divisible.
The CLERK. If the first part were stricken
out, the rcmainingportion would certainly be in-
expressive. The Clerk does not think that the
question is divisible. He will, however, put the
question to the House. Those who are in favor
of a division of the question will say ay.
Mr. COBB, of Georgia. I object to the mode
in which the question is put. 1 am in favor of
having the proposition divided; but as I think
that it is not divisible, let the point of order be
submitted thus: those who are of the opinion
that the proposition is divisible will say ay, &c.,
bo that we shall not be placed in a false position.
Mr. DUNN. I suggest that we take a vote on
the first, and then on the second branch of the
resolution, waiving the point of order.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I suggest that the
word " that" he inserted in place of "but," at
the commencement of the second branch of the
resolution.
Mr. KELLY. I demand the yeas and nays
on the question of division.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
The question was taken; and the House decided
that the resolution was not divisible.
Mr. WALBRIDGE. 1 demand the yeas and
navs on the resolution.
■the yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken on the third resolu-
tion; and itevas disagreed to-
as follows:
-yeas 100, nays 103;
YEAS-Messrs. Albright, Allison, Ball, Banks, Barbour,
Henry Bennett, Benson, Billinghurst, Bingham, Bishop,
Bl^s, Bradshaw, Bienton, Buffington, Burhnaanns Lewis
D. Campbell, Chaffee. Clawson, Colfax, Comma, Covode,
Cragm, Cumback, Damreli, Timothv Davis, Day,De Witt,
Pick, Dickson, Dodd, Dunn, Durfee,"EdiG, Emrie, Giddmgs,
Gilbert, Gianger, Grow, Robert B. Hall, Haiian, Hariison,
Ilolioway, Thomas R. Horton, Valentine B. Hoi ton, How
ard, Kelsey, King, Knapp, Knowhon, Knox, Kunkel,
Leiter, Mace, Mattesori, McCarty, Meacham, KiUian Mil-
ler, Moore, Morgan, Morrill, Molt, Murray, Nichols, Nor-
ton, Andrew Oliver, Paikoi, Pelton, Pennington, Perry,
Pettit. Pike, Pringle, Ptirviancc, Ritchie, Robbms, Roberts,
Sabin, Sapp, Scott, Sherman, Simmons, Spmner, Stanton,
Stranahan, Tappan, Thosmgton, Thurston, Todd, Wade,
Wakeman, Walbridge, Waldron, Cadwalader C. Wash-
buinc, Ellihu B. Washburne, Israel Washburn, Watson,
Welch, Wood, Woodruff, and Woodworth—100.
NAYS—Messrs. Aiken, Allen, Barclay, Baiksdale, Bell,
Hendley S. Bennett, Bocock, Bowie, Boyce, Branch,
Broom, Burnett, Cadwalader, John P. Campbell, Carlile,
Caiuthers, Caskie, Chngmnn, Howell Cobb, Wilimm-on
l\. W.Cobb, Cox, Cullen, Davidson, Henry Winter Davis,
Dowdell, Edmund^on, Elliott, English, Ktheridge, Eusus,
Evans, Faullcuci, Foster, Henry M. Fuller, Thomas J D
Fuller, Goode, Greenwood, Augustus Hall, J. Morrison
Hams, Sampson W. Hams, Tliomas I,. Ilairis, Haven,
Ilerbeit, Hoffman, Houston. Jewetu George W. Jones, J.
Glancy Jones, Kelly, Kennett. Kidwetl, Knight, Lake,
Letcher, Lindley, Lumpkin, Humphrey Maishall, Samuel
S. Maishall, Maxwell, McMulhu, McQueen, Smith Miller,
Millson, Milhvaitl, Mordecai Oliver, On, Packer, Pame,
Peck, Phelps, Porter, Powell, Puryear, Quitman, Reade,
Ready, tlicaud, Richard -on, Ruflin, Rust, Saudidge, Savage,
Samuel A. Smith, William Smith, William R. Smith,
Snced, Stephens Stewart, Swope, Talbott, Taylor, Tuppe,
Undenvood, Valk, Walker, Wmnor, Watkins, Wheeler,
Whitney, Williams, Wmslow, John V. Wright, and Zolh-
coflei—103
Mr. WHITNEY (when his name was called)
said: Tho resolution, in my judgment, contains
a flat contradiction in itself; but as I do not desire
to avoid any responsibility, I vote no.
AGITATION OF THE SLAVERY QUESTION.
Mr. FULLER, of Pennsylvania. I offer the
following resolution, and call for the previous
question and the yeas and nays on it:
Resolved, That a useless and factious agitation of the
question of slavery, m or out of Cougie<s, is unwise, unjust
to a poil ion of the Ameucan people, and mjuuoiisto eveiy
section of oui countiy; and therotoro should not be coun-
tenanced.
Mr. VALK. I second the demand for the
previous question.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I suggest that the
words "useless and factious,"be stricken out of
the resolution. I think that all agitation of the
question is wrong.
Mr. FULLER. I agree with the gentleman
from Tennessee entirely; but I wish the resolu-
tion voted on just as it is.
The mam question was ordered to bo now put.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. FULLER. Mr. Clerk, I accept the mod-
ification proposed by the gentleman from Ten-
nessee.
Mr. MEACHAM. I have a substitute for that
resolution, which I desire to have readfor inform-
ation.
The Clerk read the substitute, as follows:
RctohoL That m the opinion of this Ilou-e the repeal
of the Mi^oun compiomne of 18JU, piolnbitmg slavery
noith of latitude 30" 30', was an example of u>elcss and
lactiou* agitation of the tdavery question, both in and out
of Congiess, winch was unwise arid unjust to a poitiori of
the Ameucan people.
Mr. B^LL. I move that the resolution be
laid on the table.
The question was then taken on Mr. Ball's
motion; and it was decidedm the negative—yeas
92, nays 110; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Albright, A11i«on, Ball, Banks, Barbour,
Henry Bennett, Benson, Bilhncliurst, Bingham, Bishop,
Bliss., Biad.shaw, Bienton, Bufiington, Buiimuamc, Chaffee,
dawson, Collax,Comm«, Covode, Ciasm, Cumback, Dam-
reli, Timothy Davi-, Day, Dean, Oe Witt, I)ick,xDiek*on,
Dodd, Duifee, Edie, Ennie, Giddmgs, Gilheit, Giangei,
Grow, Robert B. Hall, Harlan, Ilolioway, Tliomas R. Hor-
ton, Valentine B. llortoflj&iovvaid, KcKey, King, Knapp,
Knight, Knowltou, Kno™Kunkel, Loiter, Maee, Matte-
son, McCaity, Meacham, Killian Miller, Morrill, Mott,
Muiray, Nichols, Norton, Parker, Pelton, Pennington,
Perry," Pettit, Pike, Pringle, Purviance, Robeits Sabtn,
Sapp, Scott, Sneiman, Simmons, Stanton, Stianahan,
Tappan, Thonnjrton. Tnurston, Todd, Wade, Walbtidge,
Waldion, Cadwaladei C. Wa~liluune, Ellihu B. Wash-
burne, Kino! Washburn, Watson, Welch, Wood, Wood-
ruff, and Woodwoith— 9-2.
NAYS—Messrs. Aiken, Allen, Barclay, Barksdale, Bel),
Hendley S. Bennett, Bocouk, Bowie, Boyce, Branch,
Broom, Burnett, Cadwal.ider, John P. Campbell, Lewis
D. Campbell, Caihle, Carutners. Caskie, Cluigman, Howell
Cobb, Williamson R. W. Cobb, Cox, Cullen, Davidson
Henry Wmter Davis, Dowdell, Dunn, Edmundson, Elliott,
English, Etheridge, Eustis, Evans, Faulkner, Foster, Henry
i^M. Fuller, Thomas 3. T>. Fuller? Goode, Greenwood,
flAugustus Hall, J. Morrison Harris, Sampson W. Harris,
Thomas L. Harris, Harrison, Haven, Herbert, Hoffman,
Houston, Jewett, George W. Jones, J. Glancy Jon$s, Keitt,
Kelly, Kennett, Kidweil, Lake, Lctcher, Lufnpkin, Hum-
phrey Marshall. Samuel S. Marshall, MaxwoH, McMuflin,
McQueen,Smith Miller, Millson,Millwar<l, Moore, Andrew
Oliver, Mordecai, Oliver, Orr, Packer, Paine. Peck, Phelps,
Porter, Powell, Puryear. Quitman, Reade, Ready, Ricaad,
Ru-haidson, Robbms, Ruffin, Rust, Sandid^e, Savage,
William Smith, William ft. Smith, Snced, Spinner, .Ste-
phens, Stewart, Swope, Talbott, Taylor, Trippe, Under-
wood, Valk, Wakeman, Walker, Warner, "Watlnris,
Wheeler, Whitney, Williams. Win slow, Daniel B. Wright,
Jolm V. Wright, and Zollicoffer—110.
The question recurred upon the adoption of
the resolution.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the affirmative—yeas 101, nays 1-00; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Aiken, Allen, Barclay, Barksdale, Bell,
Hendley S. Bennett, Bocock, Home, Boyce, Branch,
Broom, Burnett, Cadwalader, John P. CampbeU, Carlile,
Caiuthers, Caskie, Ciingman, Howell Cobb, Williamson U.
W.Cobb, Cox, Cullen, Davidson, Henry Wmter Davis,
Dowdell, Edmund&ou, Elliott, English, Etheridge, JEustis,
Evans, Faulkner, Foster, Henry M. Fuller, Thomas J. D.
Fuller, Goode, Greenwood, Aucu^tus Hall, J. Morrison
Harris, Sampan W. Hanis, Thomas L. Harris, Haven,
Hoffman, Houston, Jcwett, Geoigc W.Jones, J. Glancy
Jones, Kelly, Kennett. Kidweil, Lake, Letcher, Lindley,
Lumpkin, Humplncy Marshall, Samuel S. Marshall, Max-
well, McMutlm. McQueen, Smith Miller, Millsoti, Mill-
waid, Mordecai Ohvei, On, Packer, Paine. Peck, Phelps,
Porter, Powel^ Puryear, Q,uitnian, Iteade, Ready, tticaud,
Richardson, Kuliin, JUi-t, Sandidge, Savage, William
Smith, William R. Smith, Sneod, Stephens, Stewart,
Swope, Talbott, Taylor, Tnppe, Underwood. Valk,
Walker, Wamei, Watkins, Wheeler, Whitney, Williams,
Wmslow, Daniel 1J. Wnglit, John V. Wlight, and Zolli-
coffer—101.
NAYS—Messrs. Albright, Allison, Ball, Banks, Barbour,
Henry Bennett, Benson, Billinshurst, Bingham, Bi-hop,
Bliss, Bradshaw, Brcnton, Buffington, Burlmiramn, Lewis
D. Campbell, Chaffee, Claw on, Colfax, Couuns, Covode,
Cragin, (;umback, Damreli, Timothy Davi*, Day, Oean,
l)c Witt, Dick, Dickson, Dodd, Dunn, Purlee, Edie, Bmrie,
Giddiugs, Gilb^it. Grander, Giow, Robert B. Hall, Harlan,
Hanson, Ilolioway,Thomas R. Horton, Valentine B. Hor-
ton, Ilowaid, KeLey, Kins, Knapp, Knight, Knowlton,
Knox, Kunkel, Leitoi, Matto-on, McCartv, Meacham. Kil-
| lian Milter, Moore, Morgan, Moriill, Mott, Murray, Nich-
ols, Norton, Andrew oiivei, P.uker, Pelton. Pennington,
Perrv, Pettit, Pike, Piuiglc, Puivi.nice, Robbing, Robeits,
Sabm, Sapp, Scott, Sherman, Simmon^,Spmner, Stanton,
Stianahan, Tappan, Thoiimrton, Tliuiston, Todd, Wade,
Wakeman, Walbndge, Waldron, Cadwalader C. "Wasli-
buinc, Ellihu B Wa-hburne, lsiael Was-hburti, Watson,
Welch, Wood, Woodruff, and Woodwoith —100."
Pending the call of the roll,
Mr. GIDDINGS said: I wish to inquire
whether this resolution condemns agitation for
slavery or against it ? -' •
The CLERK. Debate is not in order.
Mr. GIDD1NGS. I vote no.
The result was th,on announced.
Mr. MEACHAM. I now offer my resolution
as an independent proposition, and call for the
previous question upon it.
Mr. LETCHEIl. We have had abstractions
enough to-day, to satisfy even a Virginian; and
1 move that the House do now adjourn.
Mr. GREENWOOD, i ask the gentleman to
withdraw that motion for a moment, to allow me
to have read a proposition which I desire to offer
as a substitute for the resolution of the gentleman
from Vermont.
Mr. LETCHER. 1 will withdraw it to let the
gentleman's proposition be read for information.
The CLERK. The following is the resolution
offered by the gentleman from Vermont:
Resolved, That, m the opinion of this House, the repeal
of the Missonu compromise of 1820, prohibiting slavery
uouh of oG° 30', was an example of useless and factious
agitation of the slavery question, unwi&e and unjust to the
American people.
The previous question was seconded.
Mr. STEPHENS. I wish to oiler a substitute
for the resolution of the gentleman from Vermont.
Mr. LETCHER. I withdraw the motion to
adjourn, in order that the proposition of the gen-
tleman from Aikansas may be read.
The CLEP^K. If gentlemen will permit the
Clerk to state how the case stands, he will do so
with great pleasure. The gentleman from Ver-
mont has offered a resolution upon which he de-
mands the previous question. The Clerk will
now read for information the proposition of the
gentleman from Arkansas, [Mr. Greenwood.]
It is as follows:
Resolved, That the Clerk instinct the pages to inform the
members who occupy the vacant seat5* on the Repubh- an
side of the House, that the votes have been taken upon the
lesolutions of Messrs. Dcnn and Fuller, and that they can
now resume their seats in this Hall.
Mr. STEPHENS. X desire to offer tho follow-
