302
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 28,
ittg as a substitute for the resolution of the gen-
• tleman fr®ni Vermont:
Resolved, That the original friends of the' Kansas and
Ncbia^ka act, though in a larce minority on this floor,
de-em this a fit occasion to extent! to the country their con-
gratulation upon the encouraging progress of their cause,
and the brightening prospect of its ultimate success.
Mr. GREENWOOD. I will not insist on my
resolution.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I would like to know how
these substitutes get in, when the previous ques-
tion has been ordered ?
The CLERK. The substitute is not in order,
the previous question having been moved and
seconded.
Mr. STEPHENS. I give notice, then, that if
the main question is voted down, I will offer that
as a substitute.
Mr. PAINE. I move to lay the resolution
upon the table; and on that motion I demand the
yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
The question was taken; and the motion was
disagreed to.
Mr. PRINGLE. I call for the yeas and nays
upon the passage of the resolution of the gentle-
man from Vermont.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. BOYCE. Is it in order to move an amend-
ment to the "resolution ?
The CLERK. It is not, as the previous ques-
tion has been moved and sccondcd.
Mr. BOYCE. I wish to move to amend by
inserting the words il excitement growing out
of," so that the resolution shall read:
Resolved, That in the opinion of this House, the excite-
ment growing out of the repeal of the Missouri compiom^e
of 1S2J, prohibiting slavery noilli of latitude 30', was an
example of useless and factious agitation of the slavery ques-
tion, unwise and unjust to the Ameucan people.
The CLERK. The amendment is not in or-
der, and no debate is in order.
The question was then put; and it was decided
in the affhraative—yeas 108, nays 93; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Albright, Allison, Bali, Banks, Bdtbout,
Honry Bennett, Benson, Bilhnghurst, Bingham, Bi>hop,
Bliss, Bradshaw, Brenton, Broom, Butlington, Buihngame,
Lewis D. Campbell, Chaffee, Ezra Claik, dawson, Collar,
Comins, Covode, Cragin, Cmnback, Damrrll, Timothy
Davis, D$y, Dean, l)e Witt, Dick, Dickson, Dodd, Dunn,
Durfee, Edie, Emrie, Ethcridge, Giddmgs, Gilbert, Gran-
ger, Grow, Robeit B. Hall, Harlan, Harrison, Haven,
Holloway, Thomas It. Horton, Valentine B. Horton, How-
ard, Kelsey, King, Knapp, Kmgiir, Knowlton. Knox, Kun-
kel, Loiter, Maueson, McCaity, IVleacham, Kilhan Miller,
Milhvaid, Moore, Moigan, Mot nil, Mott, Murray, Nichols,
Norton, Andrew Oliver, Paiker,Pelton, Pennington, Perry,
Pettit, Pike, Prnigle, Purviance, Bobbins, Roberts, Sabm,
Sapp, Scott, Sheurian, Simmons, Spinner, Stanton, fetian-
ahan, Tappan, Thorington, Thurston, Todd, Wade, Wake-
man, Walbridge, Waldron, Cadwaladcr C. Waslilmrne,
EilihuB. Wasliburne, Isiael Washburn, Watson, Welch,
Wells, Wheeler, Whitney, Wood, Woodruff, and Wood-
worth—108.
NAYS—Messrs. Aiken, Allen, Barclay, Barksdale, Bell,
Hendley 8. Bennett, Bocock, Bowie, Boyce, Branch, Bur-
nett, Cadwalader, John P. Campbell, Carhle, Caiuthers,
Caskic, Chngman, Howell Cobb, Williamson It. W. Cobb,
Coy, Davidson, Henry Winter Davis, Dowdell, Edmund-
son, Elliott, English, Eustis, Evan*, Faulknei, Foster
Henry M- Fuller, Thomas J. D. Fuller, Goorle, Greenwood,
Augustus Hall, J. Morrison Hairis, Sampson W. llatri^
Thomas L. Harris, Herbert, Hoffman, Houston. Jewett,
George W. Jones, J. Giancy Jones, Kolly, Kcnn'ctt, Kid-
well, Lake, Letcher, Lindley, Lumpkin, Humphrey Mar-
shall, Samuel S. Marshall, Maxwell, McMullin, McQueen,
Smith Miller, Mxllson, Mordccai Oliver, On, Packer, Paine,
Peck, Phelps, Porter, Powell, Quitman, Reade, Ready,
Ricaud, Richardson, Ruffin, Rust, Sanclidge, Savage, Wil-
liam Smith, William R. Smith, Sneed, Stephens, Stewait,
Swope,Talbott, Taylor, Trippe, Underwood, Valk, Walk-
er, Warner, Watkins, Williams, Wm&low, Daniel B.
Wright, John V, Wnght, and Zollicoffer— 93.
Pending the call of the roll,
Mr. FULLER, of Maine, said: At the last
session of Congress I voted against the Kansas-
Nebraska bill, as my judgment dictated at the
time, [v Order!" "Order!"]
The CLERK. Debate is not in order.
Mr. FULLER, if the resolution were differ-
ently worded, I should vote ay. [Renewed
cries of " Order !"]
The CLERK. The Clerk must say to the
gentleman that objection is made, and that debate
is clearly out of order.
Mr. ETHERIDGE. I rise to a point of order;
which is, that the resolution adopted by this House
a week ago, prohibiting all debate or personal ex-
planation during the progress of the business of
the House, has expired by its own limitation; and
there is no rule now operating upon this House
which will prevent the gentleman from Maine
from making a personal explanation.
The CLERK. The Clerk desires to state to
the gentleman from Tennessee, that he entirely
misapprehends the resolution. The resolution,
so far as*it refers to personal explanation during
debate, has no limit. It is this:
" Resolved, That during the call of the roll, no debate or
personal explanation shall be in order; and tins rule, and
the ten-minute rule, shall not be suspended except by the j
unanimous consent of the House."
The gentleman will see that this is not the rule
by which all debate was prohibited for one week.
Under this rule, all debate and personal explana-
tion during the call of the roll are out of order.
Mr. NICHOLS said: I vote for all of that
resolution, except the word " factious."
Mr. BARCLAY said: The word " factious"
being in the resolution, I vote no.
The result of the vote was then announced, as
above recorded.
The House adjourned until Monday next, at
twelve o'clock, m.
Erratum.—In the fourth sentence of Mr. Clayton's
speech of Thursday, the 24th instant, [page 2S3, Cong.
Globe,] in the note on the letter of Lord John Russell, sub-
stitute the words in the concluding sentence of that letter
for the slight misquotation of them in the report, a few lines
below that sentence
IN SENATE.
Monday, January 28, 1856.
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. Henry C. Dean.
The Journal of Thursday was read and approved.
CREDENTIALS.
Mr. BRODHEAD presented the credentials of
Hon. "William Bjgler, chosen by the Legisla-
ture of Pennsylvania a Senator from that State,
for the term of six years from the 4th of March,
1855; which were read, and the oath prescribed
by law having been administered to Mr. Rigler,
he took lus scat in the Senate.
PETITIONS, ETC.
Mr. MASON presented the memorial of the
heirs and representatives of officers of the Virginia
Continental Line, asking for half pay, due under
the resolve of Congress of October 21, 1780, after
deducting the commutation at one eighth its
nominal amount, the rate to which it became re-
duced at the time of the issue; which was referred
to the Committee on Revolutionary Claims.
Mr. HAMLIN presented the petition of citizens
of Maine, who were officers and soldiers of the
war of 1812, praying for an amendment of the
pension laws; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Pensions.
Mr. FITZPATRICK presented the petition of
Joseph Mount, a private in Captain Wvman's
company of volunteers during the Indian disturb- i
ances in Alabama in 1836, praying to be allowed
the bounty land withheld from him inconsequence
of his name not appearing on the muster-roll;
which was referred to the Committee on Claims.
Also the petition of George W.Fletcher, United
States Consul at Aspinwall, praying for an in-
crease of his salary; which was referred to the
Committee on Foreign Relations.
Mr. TOUCEY presented the petition of pilots
and masters of \essels, praying for an appropri-
ation for a light ship to be stationed at a sand-
shoal on Long Island Sound, near Cornfield Point,
in order to afford requisite aid and assistance to
navigation, and insure greater safety to commerce;
which was referred to the Committee on Com-
merce.
Mr. WELLER presented the petition of "Wal-
ter M. Rockwell & Co., praying for a donation
of land to aid in constructing a telegraph line
from San Francisco to some point on the Missis-
sippi river; which was referred to the Committee
on Public Lands.
Also, two petitions of Ifcccrs of the Army,
praying for an increase of me commutation price |
of the A rmy ration from twenty cents to forty!
cents; which were referred to the Committee on
Military Affairs.
Also, the memorial of the president and direct-
ors of the San Diego and Gila Southern Pacific ,
and Atlantic Railroad Company, in California, i
praying for a grant of land to enable them to con-1
struct their road; which was referred to the Com- j
mittee on .Public Lands. j
Also, the memorial of Colonel William Gates, j
of the United States Army, praying to be indem-
nified for property lost in consequence of the de-
struction of the steamship San Francisco; which
was referred to the Committee on Military Af-
fairs.
Also, the memorial of the trustees of the city
of San Diego, California, praying for an appro-
priation to deepen the harbor at that place; which
was referred 'to the Committee on Commerce.
Also, the memorial of Edward H. Harrison,
late collector of the port of San Francisco, pray-
ing to be relieved from liability for public money
collected at that port and Stolen while in his cus-
tody; which was referred to the Committee on
Claims.
Also, the petition of Dent, Vantine & Cornier-
chants in California, praying compensation for
supplies furnished to certain tribes of Indians in
that State, under an order of the United States
Commissioner for treating with those Indians;
which was referred to the Committee on Indian
Affairs.
Mr. FISH presented the petition of seamen
who were on board the United States steamer
Missouri, which was destroyed by fire at Gibraltar,
in 1843, praying to be indemnified for the loss of
their clothing by the burning of that \ essel j'wliich
was referred to the Committee on Naval Affairs.
Mr. DURKEE presented a petition of citizens
of Dane county, Wisconsin, praying for a modi-
fication of the present system of weights and
measures; which was referred to the Committee
on Commerce.
Also, a petition of citizens of Brown county,
Wisconsin, praying for the passage of an act
authorizing the sale of the military reservation at
Fort Howard, in that State; which was referred
to the Committee on Public Lands.
Mr. DODGE presented the memorial of the
register and receiver of the land office at Menasha,
Wisconsin, praying for an increase of compensa-
tion; which was referred to the Committee on
Public Lands.
Also, the petition of the grand and petit jurors
of the district court of the United States for the
district of Wisconsin, praying for a change of
the terms of the court, and for an increase of the
salary of the judge of that district; which was
referred to the Committee on the Judiciary.
Mr. FOOT presented the petition of John
Woodworth, an invalid pensioner, praying to be
allowed arrears of pensions; which was referred
to the Committee on Pensions.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I have received a memo-
rial from a committee appointed at the Illinois
State Educational Convention, praying for a grant
of land to each State in the Union , for the purpose
of endowing industrial universities, to cooperate
with each other, and with the Smithsonian Insti-
tution at Washington, for the education of the
industrial classes and their teachers. It is accom-
panied by resolutions adopted by the Legislature
of the Starte of Illinois, favoring the project. 1
move that they be referred to the Committee on
the Public Lands.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. MALLORY presented the memorial of
John C. Carter, praying that the accounting offi-
cers of the Treasury may be directed to allow
him the full amount of his expenses while acting
as purser on board the ship Massachusetts, which
amount is stated in a joint resolution passed for
his relief February 13, 1855; which was referred
to the Committee on Naval Affairs.
Mr. BROWN presented two petitions of citi-
zens of Washington, District of Columbia, pray-
ing for the enactment of a law to prevent abuse
at elections; which were referred to the Com-
mittee on the District of Columbia.
Mr. SEWARD presented the memorial of A.
Levesque, and other citizens of the United States,
late residents of San Juan del Norte, or Grey town,
praying for indemnity for the destruction of their
property by the bombardment of that place by
the United States'sloop of war Cyane, July 13,
1854; which was referred to the Court of Claims.
Mr. BRODHEAD presented resolutions of the
Board of Underwriters of the city of Philadelphia,
in behalf of Commander B. F. Sands, who has
invented means of ascertaining the character of
the bottom in deep sea-soundings, and recom-
mending such legislation as will compensate him
and give to the mercantile marine the benefit of
his invention; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Commerce,
