1028
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 25,
and ought not to permit, the inconvenience of
individual Senators to arrest this important con-
nection.
This is a simple application to Congress to
allow this connection to be made, in order to re-
move a grievous nuisance. It is a convenience
demanded by the traveling community, by the citi-
zens of Washington, ana by everybody, as far as
I know, except some members of the two Houses
of Congress who are here three months in one
year ana eight months in another—which is about
twice too long, in my judgment. It is a measure
demanded by the pablic convenience and the pub-
lic interest.
The Senator from Michigan says this company
can carry their road by way of Georgetown. I
had occasion to examine that question, as it was
once referred to the Committee on the judiciary,
of which I am a member. I know it is not im-
possible to carry the road by way of Georgetown,
for I believe we have passed the day when any-
thing is impossible in engineering; but if they
carry the road around byway of Georgetown,
there must be a great deal of tunneling, and it
will result in compelling tliem to make a road ten
or twelve miles long, in order to accomplish a
distance of six or seven miles. When tlioy get
to Georgetown and cross the river above that
place, they are almost as far from the point they
wish to reach as they wore when they started.
Is this injustice to be done by Congress?
Simply because a Senator may have to stop for
a moment until a railroad car shall pass, are you
to put the traveling community to a great incon-
venience? I am willing to suffer a little incon-
venience myself to promote the great interests of
the community. Ihe completion of these con-
nections will save a vast amount of money arid
time to the people of this Union; and what reason
can be given for Breaking the connection ? Nothing
but the inconvenience to individual Senators. I
trust that will not influence the judgment of the
Senate on this occasion, and that they will reverse
what is said to have been the former opinion of
the Senate. So far as I am concerned, even if I
had concurred in that opinion, I should now be
willing to reverse it, in obedience to this public
necessity, to right, to justice, to propriety. It is
a proper demand on the part of these people, and
one which Congress can grant. On the point of
authority, if it were necessary I am prepared to
show that the city corporation have the very right
which they have granted, and that the fourth
section of the act of 1854 gave it to them. That
question, however, is not involved now. The
simple point is, whether the Congress of the
United States, who have the authority, will per-
mit this to lie done as long as it suits their will
and pleasure—no more. I think that the Senate
and House of Representatives, holding the exclu-
sive jurisdiction over the District, should allow
this connection to be made, demanded as it is by
so many interests, or should at. leant test it until
it be shown that the inconvenience to Senators
is greater than the advantage to the public—for
that is the issue now involved.
Mr. STUART. I should be entirely willing,
Mr. President, to submit to the criticism of the
honorable Senator from Georgia, as to the char-
acter of my argument, if he had not himself com-
mitted the very blunder for which he complains
of me. 1 do not know that 1 ever heard the hon-
orable Senator make a speech which had less of
reason and more of denunciation in it than the
one which he has just submitted to the Senate.
If I was unfortunate in submitting- a similar ar-
gument, the Senator, when he was criticising my
misfortune, ought not to have fallen into the game
error himself. He has not met the argument; he
lias not attempted to meet it; but on the contrary
he has added to the force of the position which I
took. When he said that the thousands of per-
sons who are traveling from South to North, and
from North to the South, must go across this
point, he has fixed the inconvenience growing
out of a train of cars stopping here—not a single
car drawn by a horse, for these connections can-
not be and are not made m this way. This is a
subject that does not rest in opinion. We have
the experience of fifteen years to guide us. It
requires a train of baggage and passenger cars to
make the transit, and the train will stop at this
point. I say it is the point where it must stop.
The crossing- of the Pennsylvania avenue is
the point of accommodation, and the trains will
stand there for those who wish to get on or to
get off. Will it not be a great inconvenience to
have a whole train of cars stopping as they cross
the avenue ? I agree with the honorable Senator
from Ohio, that if a place could be selected to
cross the avenue more objectionable than any
other, that place has been selected. There is not
a point in its whole length which is not less ob-
jectionable than this.
The Senator derides my argument, but he does
not answer it. He says that it is an argument
that may do in some places. I think much the
same of his. I should not have been surprised
to hear the honorable Senator on the hustings,
when borne down with reasons which he could
not answer, attempt to ridicule them. It is inge-
nious; but, after all, it does not answer the posi-
tions.
Sir, I said that Congress had been liberal with
both these companies, and had given a charter to
each one of them, by which they could make the
great connection between the North and the South.
It was given to this company by way of George-
town, with the leave to occupy every other ave-
nue and street except Pennsylvania avenue; and
to the Baltiinure company, we gave the right to
pass south and east of the city, and make the
connection opposite Alexandria. This avoided
all break in the communication -between North
and South. Congress has not put itself in the
condition of declining to allow such a connection.
It has granted the right to make it to two compa-
nies, and they hold it to-day.
When I said that the company would be likely
to override Congress,! took advantage of what
had been done. I stated that my opinion upon
their couise was the unanimous opinion of the
Committee on the District of Columbia. I under-
stand, too, that it was the opinion of a majority
of the Committee on the Judiciary, to whom the
subject was first referred, but they asked to be
discharged from its consideration, because they
considered it a judicial question, and becausc
they would not tolerate what they said was chcap
legislation; but the majority of that committee
were of opinion that this company had no such
right. Now, I say that when, in violation of
right, in their very inception, within a year from
their grant, the company seize upofi what you
never gave them, it is the spirit of wisdom to be
careful how you give them an opportunity to go
farther. T think, sir, the Senator from Georgia,
instead of ridiculing this argument, might have
quoted the opinion of the great Henry in relation
to the Revolution, and might have guided his
steps m the future by the lamp of the experience
of the past. This company have got the ground
now without right, and they ask you to sanction
their usurpation. A company who start in this
way in the outset, give you notice that they will
take all you give, and as much more as they can
seize.
The Senator cannot put me in the position of
blocking these great connections. It is but a day
or two .since he charged me with being the most
liberal gentleman in the Senate on this question.
Mr. TOOMBS. That was in squandering the
public money.
Mr. STUART. The Senator adapts his argu-
ments to convenience. He likes to make an argu-
ment to suit his wishes; and he seeks to trans-
form me a little faster than I can consent to be
changed, m order to satisfy his wishes. I am
liberal in regard to these great connections; I am
liberal in regard to the construction of railroads.
I believe they are a benefit to the whole country;
and it has always been a mistake to suppose that
the construction of a railroad in any part of the
country is not a benefit to every other portion of
the Union, in a greater or less degree.
But, sir, I submitted before, and I repeat now,
that this city and its avenues can be preserved,
according to the original intention, according to
the convenience of its citizens and the officers of
the Government necessarily compelled to reside
here, without interrupting the great connoction
between the North and the South. The Senator
says it will cost more money if we do not allow
them to carry this track across Pennsylvania
avenue. I say let it cost more money. The
point which I urge is a question which has always
been considered and is now regarded in all cities.
Take the city of New York, to which the Senator
alludes. They do not consult the convenience
or expense of the company. It is a question of
convenience to the city—not to prevent the com-
pany from crossing at all, but to consult the con-
venience of the city as to where they shall cross.
Congress has consulted the convenience of the
city as to where these companies should make
their connection, and it will not do to say that it
costs more to go there, and that, therefore, they
will disregard the views of Congress and the con-
venience of the city, for the purpose of saving
dollars and cents.
These are the positions which I occupy; and
if the Senator from Georgia cannot see any rea-
son in them, I shall not undertake to decide who
is to blame—he or I.
Mr. BROWN. Mr. President, I do not desire
to occupy the attention of the Senate, because it
is my wish to have the District bills disposed of
as soon as possible; but, after the debate which
has occurred, I feel it to be my duty to say a few
words.
I differ from the Senator from Georgia in re-
gard to the question of jurisdiction. We start
from different points. He says, that the Consti-
tution gives to Congress exclusive power over"
the District of Columbia. I think there is some-
thing more than that to be taken into account.
The original proprietors of the soil on which the
city of Washington now stands, when they ceded
the soil to Congress, expressly provided that
the jurisdiction over the streets and reservations
should remain in Congress, for the benefit of the
people of the United States. When you accepted
the cession, it was, as a matter of course, upon
the conditions of the deeds. According to the
original authorities, according to your Presidents,
your Congresses, your Attorneys General, and all
who examined the subject, it was decided that the
jurisdiction was in Congress, and weis inalien-
able. That this Thirty-Fourth Congress has the
right to give a particular party the privilege of
occupying a street or reservation for the time
being, I am ready to admit; but if the next Con-
gress be dissatisfied with it, they have a right to
require the party occupying it under the autnoijty
of the Thirty-Fourth Congress to remove from
its occupancy. The ground on which the report
of the committee, on which the Senator from
Georgia has commented, is based, is that no one
Congress has a right to cede the streets and res-
ervations in perpetuity cither to a corporation
or to an individual.
The report does not deny that Congress may
give to this company the temporary use and oc-
cupancy of a portion of Pennsylvania avenue.
What it denies clearly and distinctly is, that Con-
gress has power to cede the occupancy of the ter-
ritory in perpetuity to a corporation; because
that is a cession of the jurisdiction which no one
Congress can make, on the broad ground that the
jurisdiction must be exercised equally by one
Congress as by another.
My friend from Georgia says that, under the
act of 1854, this company had the right to cross
Pennsylvania avenue. 1 take issue with him on
that point. By the first section of the law it was
clearly contemplated that the road should cross
the Potomac river, above the aqueduct, at George-
town, and then it was provided that they should
not pass through or "along Pennsylvania avenue.
If you will take up the map of the city you will
see, that if they crossed the Potomac river at that
point they would have had no occasion whatever
to pass through, along, or across Pennsylvania
avenue. Congress, in enacting that section, de-
signed to prevent their passing along or through
the avenue from Georgetown to Washington.
The company had not then proposed to cross
Pennsylvania avenue. They proposed to bring
their road to the Potomac river, and to cross the
river at a point above Georgetown, and hence
they would have to go out of their way to cross
Pennsylvania avenue. Their proposition, then,
was to come into the avenue at its western end,
and come along and through it to the Capitol,
and then turn off to the Baltimore and Ohio depot.
Congress was guarding against the proposition
then before them.
If anything which was suggested, or if any-
thing which was before Congress, could have led,
in the remotest possible degree, to the supposi-
tion that there was a purpose to cross Pennsyl-
vania avenue, the phrase, " you shall not cross
