1080
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 25,
chandise destroyed by fire, I only desire to have
the motion entered. By making the motion, I do
not commit myself in favor of a reconsideration.
I wish to inform myself on the question. I am in
doubt as to whether, on yesterday, I voted right
or wrong. I find myself at variance with gentle-
men in whose opinions I have great confidence. I
only ask now that the motion be entered.
Mr. PHELPS. I desire to say something on
the motion to reconsider. The question may as
well be decided now as at any other time.
Mr. GIDDINGS. I hope the gentleman from
Missouri will not press the motion to reconsider
to a vote at this time, to the detriment of private
bills. This is objection day; and if we go into
committee we can dispose of most of the business
on the Private Calendar.
Mr. PHELPS. I am satisfied with the decision
the House which was made on yesterday. I
think it is right.
Mr. COBB. I object to the consideration of
the question at this time. I insist that my motion
must be first put.
The SPEAKER. The Chair understands that,
under the practice of the House on private bill
day, a motion to go into Committee of the Whole
House has precedence. If the motion of the gen-
tleman from Ohio be pressed, it will be entered
and considered in its order.
Mr. WATSON. All I desire at this time is to
have the motion entered, that it may be consid-
ered at some future time.
Mr. CLINGMAN. I rise to what I consider
to be a question of privilege. When amotion to
reconsider is made, it is a privileged question, and
takes precedence of all other matters when any
one chooses to call it up, as any member may do
at any time. The gentleman cannot have the
motion entered and then claim that its considera-
tion shall go over until another time. I take it
that I have the right to call for its consideration
now, and I do so, and move to lay it upon the
table.
The SPEAKER. The motion made by the
gentleman from Alabama is a privileged question
also, under the rules of the House. Such has
been the uniform practice of the House.
Mr. CLINGMAN. I desire to get rid of this
matter now.
Mr. ORR. Did I understand that the gentleman
from Alabama withdrew his motion or not?
Mr. COBB. I did not.
Mr. _ORR. Then X move to reconsider the vote
by which the House referred that bill to the Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union,
and I move to lay that motion to reconsider upon
the table.
Mr. CLINGMAN. The House did not refer
it.
Mr. GIDDINGS. I rise to a question of order.
My friend from Alabama [Mr. Cobb] had the
floor upon a privileged question, and the gentle-
man from South Carolina [Mr. Orr] could not
take it from him to make another privileged
motion.
The SPEAKER. The motion of the gentle-
man from South Carolina is not in order, inas-
much as the House did not refer the bill to the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union.
The House, in overruling the decision of the
Chair, decided that the bill was an appropriation
bill, and the Chair then said that it would go to
the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union, under the rules of the House.
Mr. ORR. Do I understand that there was no
vote of the House referring it ?
The SPEAKER. There was not a vote of the
House upon the question, whether it should be
referred or not? The vote was upon the ques-
tion, whether the decision of the Chair was cor-
rect in deciding that the bill did not necessarily
go to the Committee of the Whole on the state
of the Union ?
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. Did I understand
the gentleman from Ohio to make a motion to
reconsider the vote by which the House over-
ruled the decision of the Speaker yesterday?
The SPEAKER. That is his motion.
Mr. JONES. Then I make this question of
order. The gentleman from Ohio has made his
motion: that is a privileged motion. Now, how
does the gentleman from Alabama [Mr. Cobb]
supersede that privileged motion by making
another privileged mo'tion ?
The SPEAKER. The motion of the gentle-
man from Alabama was first in point of time.
Mr. JONES. If, then, the gentleman from Ala-
bama made his motion first, that being aprivileged
motion, I take it the gentlemanfrom Ohio could not
supersede it by malting another privileged motion.
He could not take the floor while the motion of
the gentleman from Alabama, being a privileged
motion, was pending, in order to make another
privileged motion. If I am right in that position,
then the gentlemanfrom Ohio could not make his
motion, but would have to wait until he could get
the floor ,to make that motion when there was
nothing in the way to prevent it.
The SPEAKER. The Chair is informed that
it has been the uniform practice of the House to
receive motions to reconsider when other matters
are pending, and to enter them for future consid-
eration.
Mr. JONES. That is done by unanimous con-
sent, and when there is no controversy.
Mr. ORR. I invite the attention of the Chair
to the 56th rule of the House.
Mr. GIDDINGS. There is no appeal from
the decision of the Chair pending, and I object
to the time of the House being occupied with this
matter. If the gentleman takes an appeal, that
will present a different question. If he does not
appeal, I object to this discussion.
Mr. ORR. I take an appeal from the decision
of the Chair, and ask for the reading of the 56th
rule.
The SPEAKER. From what decision does
the gentleman appeal?
Mr. ORR. From the decision of the Chair
deciding that it was not in order for the gentle-
man from North Carolina to call up for consider-
ation the motion to reconsider made by the gen-
tleman from Ohio; and I ask for the reading of
the 56th rule.
The 56th rule was then read, as follows:
" When a motion has once beon made, and canied in the
affirmative or negative, it shall bo in order for any memher
of the majority to move for the reconsideration thereof on
the same or succeeding day; and such motion shall take
precedence of all other questions cxccpt a motion to ad-
journ, and shall not be withdrawn after the said succeeding
day without the consent of the House; and thereafter any
member may call it up for consideration."
A portion of the note to the above rule was
then read as follows:
" If the motion be made when a different subject is before
the House, it is entered, and remains until that subject is
disposed of, and then takes precedence of aJl other business
except a motion to adjourn."
The SPEAKER. The Chair decides; under
what he understands to be the uniform practice
of the House, that the motion of the gentleman
from Alabama is a privileged motion, and, being
first made, must be first put to the House, but
that the gentleman from Ohio, being entitled to
make the motion to reconsidcr, has the privilege
of making the motion, and of having it entered.
Such has been the uniform practice of the House.
Mr. ORR. I desire to know whether the last
clause read by the Clerk is a rule of the House ?
The SPEAKER. It is a note to rule 56th,
which was read.
Mr. ORR. Who made the note?
The SPEAKER. It is impossible for the Chair
to say.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. I desire to in-
quire whether it has not been the uniform usage
of tho House for a person to make a motion to
reconsider by filing it with the Clerk ? Has it not
been done without making a motion before the
House?
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. Never.
The SPEAKER. The Chair decides that the
motion of the gentleman from Alabama is in order,
and that, pending the motion, the motion of the
gentleman from Ohio can be received by the Chair
and entered. Such has been the practice of the
House under the rules of the House. If the gen-
tleman from Tennessee takes an appeal, the Chair
will put the question to the House.
Mr. COBB, of Alabama. If I were to withdraw
my motion——
Mr. CLINGMAN. Tho motion of the gentle-
man from Alabama having been withdrawn under
the express decision of the rule which has just
been read, this question of reconsideration takes
precedence of everything else but amotion to ad-
journ. I now make my motion to lay the motion
ti> reconsider upbn the table.
The SPEAKER. The Chair would inquire
of the gentleman from Alabama whether his mo-
tion has been withdrawn ?
Mr. COBB. As several gentlemen around me
are pressing me to withdraw it, and as I do not
want to make any proposition to the House to
which any gentleman can object upon rational
principles, I will withdraw it, and let the House
take such course as they please upon the subject
of reconsideration.
Mr. CLINGMAN. As this is private bill day,-
I will not take up time in discussing the motion
to reconsider; but, as I am fully satisfied that the
decision of the House yesterday is right, I hope
it is prepared to affirm it to-day, and I move to
lay the motion to reconsider upon the table. That
motion is not debatable. We can take the vote
upon it, and, if a majority are in favor of the
motion, that will end the matter. If they are not,
and vote against it, then, if any gentleman moves
to go into a Committee of the Whole on the Pri-
vate Calendar, I shall not object.
Mr. GIDDINGS. I move that the House re-
solve itself into a Committee of the Whole on the
Private Calendar.
Mr. CLINGMAN. I raise the point, that,
under the rule which has just been read, that
motion cannot be acted on until the other one is
disposed of. Nothing but a motion to adjourn
can take precedence of that question.
The SPEAKER. The Chair is of opinion
that the motion to reconsider must be entertained
and acted on first.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. I ask the gen-
tleman from North Carolina to withdraw lor a
moment his motion to lay on the table; and I will
renew it.
Mr. CLINGMAN. I cannot do so. Mr.
Speaker, I have declined speaking myself on the
question. I call for the yeas and nays on my
motion.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. WALKER. I would ask the gentleman
from North Carolina to withdraw his motion to
lay on the table for a double reason. One is, that
I may be allowed to explain the error into which
I was inadvertently led yesterday in voting, quot-
ing from memory the decision of the Supreme
Court. The other is, that I think this is an im-
portant matter, and should be well considered
by the House before the vote be taken. I trust,
therefore, the gentleman will withdraw his mo-
tion.
Mr. CLINGMAN. Having refused to do so
at the request of the gentleman on my right,
[Mr. Washburn,] the gentleman from Alabama
will see that it would not be proper for me to do
so now.
Mr. TRIPPE. Have we a right to call for the
reading of the bill which lies at the foundation
of this question? I have never heard it read;
and I have now to vote on what I really do not
understand.
The SPEAKER. The Chair is of opinion that
tho gentleman from Georgia has a right to have
read that portion of the bill referred to in the de-
cision of the Chair, and on which that decision
was predicated.
Section four of the bill was accordingly read, as
follows;
" Stc. 4. Jind be it further cnactetl, That it shall be tho
duty of the Secretary of the Treasury, with as little delay
as practicable, to examine the testimony taken before the
said commission from time to time, as the same shall bo
returned to him ; to compare the same Willi the said state-
ment and adjudication of said commissioners, and to signify
to them his appioval or disapproval of the claim, in whole
or in part, as he shall deem just; and as soon as said de-
termination of the Secretary of the Treasury shall be made
known to the said commissioners, if it be favorable to the
claims, in whole or in part, they shall issue to eaeh claim-
ant. whose claim is so approved, a certificate signed by
thein, and stating the amount of duties which the claimant
is entitled to have refunded or remitted to him, according
to the provisions of tins act; which said certificate shall
entitle the person or persons named therein, or the legal
holder thereof, to he paid the sum also named therein upon
presentation of the said certificate at the Treasury of the
United States, within one year from its date: Provided —
The SPEAKER. On that section of the bill
the question of order was raised by the gentleman
from Missouri, that, under the 133d rule of the
House, the bill should necessarily be referred by
the Chair to a Committee of the Whole House.
The Chair decided that, inasmuch as it did not
involve an appropriation, and was not necessarily
an appropriation bill, it did not, under that rule',
