1904
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
August 4.
tiave the approval of the Department. It seemed
that was the principle which the committee pro-
fessed to act upon when they started out, that
the engineer department had approved the esti-
mates on which they based the appropriations.
If I correctly understand a member of the com-
mittee now, that is not true as to this appropria-
tion, but they have never been reviewed or revised
by the Department, and therefore they do not
come under the principle of the committee, unless
hey take the estimate of anybody out of doors
on any survey that may be made.
Mr. SEWARD. The committer, in the absence
of the Senator from Massachusetts, called on the
topographical bureau for the purpose of getting
the reports and estimates, and the topographical
•bureau furnished these as the estimates made by
the engineer in their employ. That, I suppose,
brings this case within the principle on which all
the cases have been decided—those that have
heretofore passed, and those which are to come,
though the bureau may have revised some, and
not others.
Mr. CLAY. They furnish them as the esti-
mates of Colonel Thayer, but not the estimates
of the board of topographical engineers; for, in-
deed, they did not revise them. They do not
indorse his estimates, nor approve them, nor
recommend them. We must take them, if at all,
on the recommendation of Colonel Thayer, and
not theaboard of engineers.
Mr. CLAYTON. Are they recommended by
the Secretary of War?
Mr. SEWARD. They are contained in the
reports of the Secretary of War, of the dates
which I have named. «
Mr. CASS. How do the estimates come here—
through whom ?
Mr. SEWARD. On the application of the
committee to the topographical buredu.
Mr. CASS. Were the estimates made byCol-
' onel Thayer?
Mr. SEWARD. A portion by Colonel Thay-
er, and others by Lieutenant Blunt.
Mr. CASS. Those made by Colonel Thayer
relate to military defense?
Mr. SEWARD. The construction of those
works.
Mr. CASS. Some are with a view to prevent
the destruction of works. He is the head of the
engineer corps proper.
Mr. SEWiVRD. The appropriation at Ply-
mouth Beach is for continuing repairs which the
wall has suffered. The appropriation for con-
tinuing the sea-wall for the protection of Great
Brewster's Island is a work of military defense.
For continuing the improvement of the harboi of '
New Bedford is a commercial work, though as ;
everybody knows it is a very important harbor :
for defense.
Mr. TOOMBS. We seem to be entirely with-
out information. A number of years ago, I know
this same caseof Great Brewster's Island came up
in the House of Representatives. It was certainly
stated, and I believe shown, that this verv work
was for nothing in the world but to protect pri-
vate property at Great Brewster's Island. We
get nothing from the committee now; but I recol-
lect that the work at the island was said to be
intended to protect private property which was
washing away. I recollect that that argument
was held on this same case in the House of Rep-
resentatives.
_ Mr. CASS. Was not the wall deemed essen-
tial to the preservation of the harbor? i
Mr. TOOMBS. 1 have no doubt they put up j
some pretense of that kind. When it first came j
up it was pretended to be necessary for some !
military works; but the opinion was that it was ;
more necessary to protect private property at that j
island. The allegation, 1 admit, was that it was •
necessary to protect public works. 1
Mr. WILSON. Mr. President, the prcserva- j
tion of these islands m the harbor of Boston is of
vital importance to that harbor. These estimates '
which have been read by the Senator from New j
York, we-re obtained by me at the proper Depart- 1
body knows, who knows anything about the
matter, that the harbor of New Bedford is one of
the most important in our section of the country.
I hope these appropriations which have been pro-
posed in this bill, will be sustained by the Senate.
These appropriations are absolutely necessary to
preserve the harbors on the coast of Massachu-
setts from the wasting effects of the storms that
sweep our shores, or to complete works essential
to the preservation and safety of harbors import-
ant to the shipping and commercial interests of
the State and country. But Lwill not detain the
Senate longer.
Mr. SEWARD. I desire to state that on
turning to the report of the topographical bu-
reau to the Secretary of War, contained in the
report of the Secretary of War for 1854 and
1855, I find;
" Protection of the Great Brewster Island, in the harbor
of Bodon, Massachusetts. —This section of the sea-wall
tor the piotection of this island, put up this year, is three
hundred and eighty-six feet in length; the total length con-
ducted up to tins time is one thousand three hur.died and
fifty-three feet, there art; yet requued to be added to the
wall eight hundred and ninety-seven feet. The work has
now reached to withm one hundred and fifty feet of the
most salient point of the northeast Head of the island. The
head, rising seventy to eighty feet above low water, is rapid-
ly wa«lmg away. Until it shall be reached and protected,
the unfinished work will be of little service, and is even
exposed to be swept away.
Balance in Treasury, 1st October, 1855 $6,100
Probable amount to be expended by 30th June,
1835 £6,100"
The-protection of LoveWs Island, and sea-wall in Deer
Island, Boston harbor, Massachusetts.—The injury to these
works is mcieasmg from delay. The engineer in charge
estimates that it will now require §1,000 more for their re-
pair than would have sufficed last year."
Repairing the injuries done to the Government works on
Plymouth beach, in the great storm of 1851.—The closing of
operations, the means being exhausted, was reported last
year. The work-<, where not repaired la«t year, ate m a
state needing attention.; but further means are necessary,
and for repair of injuries arising from the ordinary action
of the elements, and the lap^e of time."
a Preservation of Great tVoods Hole harbor, Massachu-
setts.—Nothing has since been done."
" Rcpaain« the break irutcr at Jlyannh harbor, Massachu-
setts.—The appropriation was exhausted soon after last
vear's report; since which nothing more has been done.
Seven handled and fifty feet of the breakwater still remain
uncapped, and consequently in an exposed condition.
The appropriations contained in this bill are for
the purpose of maintaining and saving these
public works, the character of which was already
established before I had anything to do with the
business of Congress.
The bilL was reported to the Senate as amended,
and the amendment made as in Committee ofthe
Whole was concurred in. The bill was ordered
to be engrossed for a third reading, and was read
the third tune.
Air. HUNTER. I call for the yeas and nays
on flu' passage of the bill.
The yeas and nays were ordered; and being
^ taken, resulted—yeas 26, nays 12; as follows;
YEAS—Messi.4, Bell of New Hampshire, Bell of Ten-
i nessee, Benjamin, Bright, Cass, Clayton, Collamer, Crit-
tenden, Dodge, Durkee, Fessenden, Fish, Fostei, Geyer,
Harlan, Houston, James, Jones of towa, Push, Seward,
Stuart, Thomson of New Jeisev, Trumbull, Wade, Wil-
son, and Wright—1'2t>.
NAYS—Messrs. Bigg*, Brown, Butler, Clay, Douglas,
Fit/spatrick, lluntei, lverson, Mailory, lleid, Toombs, and
Yulee—12.
So the bill was passed.
HARBOR OF NEW CASTLE.
The Senate next proceeded, as in Committee
j of the Whole, to consider the bill (S. No. 96) for
j continuing the improvement of the harbor of
j NewCastle. It appropriates $lf>,000 for continu-
ing the repairs of the piers and the enlargement
of tho harbor of New Castle, Delaware.
Mr. CLAYTON". This bill was introduced
early in the session by my honorable colleague,
who is now absent. I have addtessed the De-
partment of War on the subject of the estimates.
I have them here, and any Senator can have them
read if he desires it. But I rose for the purpose
of showing that this stands on different grounds
from any other of the improvement bills now on
the flies of the Senate.
   t This is the case of a contract between the Gen-
rnent. They are in the handwriting of the proper j! eral Government and a State. , There is no qucs-
officer. The proposed works at Piyniouthare.to p tion of the constitutionality of internal improve-
remedy damages done there a few years ago by a ii merits arising on the passage of this bill.
storm, and it is ofgreatimportance to preserve that !l On the 6th of April, in the year 1805. not long
harbor. For the harbor at New Bedford, the esti- || after Mr. Jefferson came into the administration
matus are §70,U00, and the bill proposes to appro-Ij of the Government, Congress passed an act
priate $12,000 to commence the work. Every- II inviting the State of Delaware to make a cession
to the United States of not only the jurisdiction
over the harbor of New Castle, but also of the site
of the harbor, and to relinquish, in fact, this part
of her territory to the United States. The Gov-
ernment wished to make some valuable improve-
ments in the river there for the commerce of the
nation, and especially for that of Philadelphia,
then the first commercial city in the Union; and
the State, having title over the whole river within
the twelve miles wide, to the water mark on the
Jersey shore, the Government, in order to obtain
a complete title to the whole harbor, pressed the
State to make a cession of it to the United States.
The State had previously constructed a number
of valuable piers and wharves for her own com-
merce, and for the commerce of the Delaware river.
When thus solicited by theGovernment, she ceded
all her own piers and improvements, and all the
site of the harbor, and the concurrent jurisdiction
over the river, to the Government, on the express
condition specified in the act of Congress of 1802,
that the Government of the United States should
proceed to improve and keep up the harbor. I
hold in my hand the act, in the third volume of
the Laws of Delaware, page 261, being an act by
which the State ceded the whole harbor to the
Government of the United States; and I will ask
that part of it may be read.
It was'read, as follows:
An Act ceding to the United States of America the sites
ot piers, and piers, m the river Delawate, off the town of
New Castle, and jurisdiction in, ana over the >arae.
Whereas, by an aetof the Congress of the United States
of America, passed the 6th day of April, m the year of our
Lord 1804, entitled uAn act authorizing the erection of
certain light-houses, and for other purposes," it was, among
other tiling, enacted, that it should be lawful for the Sec-
retary of the Treasury, under the direction of the President
of the United State-, to cause to be expended, in repamng
and erecting public piers in the river Delawaie, a sum not
exceeding &'SU.0U0, and that the same be paid out of any
moneys in the Treasury not otherwise appropriated : Pro-
videdThat the jurisdiction of the site where any such piers
may be erected shall lie first ceded to the United Stares,
accouling to the condition? m such ease by law provided;
arid whereas, it is proposed that part of the said sum of
money shall be expended and laid out, pursuant to the said
recited provision, in the erection of certain piers m the river
Delaware, at the port of New Castle, provided that the Le-
gislature of the State of Delaware shall by law cede to the
United States the sites where any such piers may be
erected, according to the conditions in such case by law
provided.
Sac. 1. He it therefore enacted by the Senate and House
of Representatives of the State, of Delaware in General As-
sembly met, That the sites of all piers that may hereafter be
erected undei the hereinbefore recited provision of the act of
Congress, aforesaid, oft the town of New Cattle, in the river
Delaware aforesaid, and the lands and tenements thereunto
belonviwf, together with the jurisdiction of, m, and over
the same ; and the said piers when ercctcd arc declared to
be, and are hereby, ceded to, and vested in, the United
States of America, lully and absolutely.
St.r.2. Jlndheit (mlher enacted, That the public piers
heretoloie erected olf the said town in the river Delaware
atbresaid, and the sites thereof, and of whatsoever additions
that may be made thereto, and the lands and tenements
thereunto belonging, together with the jurisdiction of, ui, and
over the same, aic declared to be, and are hereby,ceded to,
and vested in, the United States aforesaid, fully and abso-
lutely.
Mr. CLAYTON. This act was passed on the
11th of January, 1803.
The act, after ceding the jurisdiction and the site
of the harbor, and the piers, and ail the property
of the State, then directs that, according to the
act of Congress, the two Senators in Congress
from the State of Delaware should sign the deed
for the harbor and wharves, piers, and other
property of the State, and deliver it to the proper
Department here. The deed was executed by the
Senators from Delaware accordingly; and tho
United States now own the property absolutely
under an express contract to improve it.
This contract to improve the harbor has been
very badly executed by the Government; in truth
I must, say, that by the mismanagement of some
engineers m former davs, a part of the harbor has
'i been much injured. Every man who has been at
!| NewCastle—and I suppose every Senator has been
j! there—has observed the unfinished pier near the
'j railroad depot, a huge pile of stone standing m the
:■ Wtiy of any steamboat sucking to lay herself along-
ij side of the steamboat and railroad wharf. That
i( was put there by the Government for an improve-
. nunt, and two ships have already been badly in-
jj jured by running, on this pier in the night. Ihat,
!! as it now stands, is a nuisance; and as the Govern-
'! mcnt placed it there, I suppose no one will con-
| tend (hat it has no power to take it away, or con-
i| vert it to some useful purpose. This small sum
i! of $15,000 will take away what is useless, and
