894
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[April 1,
34th Conq....1st Sess.
The Slavery Question—Mr. Allison.
Ho. op Reps.
the United States Statutes at Large, 2d volume,
page 284. . . .
[Mr. A. here read from the law organizing Or-
leans Territory, which empowered the President
to appoint a Governor and a Legislative Council
of thirteen, who should have power to enact and
repeal laws, &c.: " Their legislative power shall
extend to all the rightful subjects of legislation."
Section ten " prohibits the introduction into the
Territory of any slaves"imported into any of the
States since 1798, and prohibits the importation
from abroad, under a penalty of $300, and sets
such slave free. No slave could be introduced
into that Territory unless by families who should
move into the Territory. In 1805, Congress or-
ganized LouisianaTerritory,and vested the power
of Legislation in the Governor and three judges,
with the same prohibition as to the introduction
or importation of slaves. See Statutes at Large,
page 331
Ye admirers of squatter sovereignty, here is
an evidence of the respect which the Democratic
administration of Mr. Jefferson had for that doc-
trine, first announced as a cunning device of an
anxious candidate to dodge the slavery extension
issue. No recognition of such a doctrine in Mr.
Jefferson's days ! And here we have, in these ter-
ritorial laws, the prohibition of the introduction
of slaves into all the Louisiana purchase, unless
by families moving into the Territory. Did Jef-
ferson's administration consider it as disloyal to
the Constitution to oppose the extension of sla-
very? Does this look like an intention upon the
part of Congress to extend slavery, when four
years before the importing of slaves generally
an the States was prohibited, they made a law
prohibiting the importation of slaves into that
Territory ?
And again, sir, the act of 1798, organizing the
Territory of Mississippi .prohibited the importa-
tion of slaves into that Territory. I say, does
this look like an intention on the part of Congress
to extend slavery ?
Mr. Chairman, the next step in the progress of
this inquiry brings us up to the period when Mis-
souri asked for admission into the Union, with
a constitution tolerating slavery. My colleague
[Mr. Cadwalaber] dwelt especially in his speech
on the able efforts of an able man from the State
of Pennsylvania, (Mr. Baldwin,) in support of
the compromise. But I call my colleague's atten-
tion to the fact—I am sure it has been called to it
before—that the most pertinacious resistance that
Was made to the admission of that State into the
Union, with a constitution tolerating slavery, was
made in the Senate by a Senator from the State
of Pennsylvania—Mr. Roberts. He never yielded
the question. Aid now, to show something of j
the soundness of my colleague's Democracy, I i
propose to refer him to the action of the Demo- ti
cratic Legislature of Pennsylvania upon this same I
question. Here is a long report of the Pennsyl-
vania Legislature composed of a large majority
of Democrats, signed by William Pindley, as
Governor; Isaac Weaver, as President of the
Senate; and Joseph Lawrence, as Speaker of the
House of Representatives. I am sure my col-
league has read it.
Mr. CADW ALADER. I am sorry to say that
at the date of that resolution, the views of the
Legislature of Pennsylvania coincided with those !
the gentleman oh the floor no\fr entertains. ,'
Mr. ALLISON. I will read from it. It is ;i
dated December 22,1819: j]
'■ The Senate and House of Representatives of Pennsyl- 11
vania cannot tat deprecate any departure from the humane ' t
1?h,C£ p?reued' not on'y by the illustrious j!
Congress of 1787, but by their successors, without exception.
They ye persuaded that to open the fertile regionsTuTe
West to a servile race would tend to increase their num-
bers beyond all past example, would open a new and steadv
market for the lawless venders of human flesh, and would
render all schemes for obliterating this most foul blot upon
American character useless and unavailing. Under these
convictions, and in full persuasion that upon this topic there
u but on* opuuon in Pennsylvania" 
Then follow resolutions of instructions to the
Senators and members of the House of Repre-
sentatives in Congress to oppose the admission
ofany Territory as a State, unless slavery shall
be prohibited. This preamble—the closing para-
graph of which I have read—and those resolu-
tions ifrere passed at the time Of the great excite-
ment growing out of the proposition to admit
Missouri with a constitution tolerating slavery.
Mr. CADWALADER. I am very glad to
say that recent events show that the public sen-
timent has changed in the State of Pennsylvania
upon this subject.
Mr. ALLISON. Then I have only to Say that
we have fallen upon degenerate times. Nothing
more forcibly proves the degeneracy of the times
j than the total reversal of the opinions entertained
and expressed by the would-be leaders of the great
Democratic party upon this question of human
rights and human freedom. Nothing proves the
degeneracy of the times more than the acts, within
the last two or three years, of the so-called Dem-
ocratic party. I am sorry to say that it is true
of the leaders of that party, but I trust that it
will not prove so of the great mass of that party.
When we have such men for leaders as there are
now the days are degenerate. When they talk
about the unconstitutionality and " immorality"
of the measures of our former great men—the
illustrious founders of this Government—what
better evidence can we have of a lamentable de-
generacy ?
I was upon the subject of the Missouri com-
promise. Gentlemen from the South allege that
that compromise was forced upon them by the free
States. They come here and talk about their
bearing that compromise, acquiescing in it, and
of its inequality and injustice to them. If it was
forced upon them, it was done by the legislation
of their own men in the Senate and in this House.
So anxious were the southern men of 1820 to get
the compromise through, that they snatched the
bill from that table, and took it off to the Senate,
to prevent Mr. Randolph making a motion to
reconsider it. Yet we have men here who taunt
us with forcing that compromise of injustice and
inequality upon the South. They do not read
the history of the times. They do not consider
what was said and done, or they would not take
the position which they do. Let gentlemen read
the speeches of those who opposed the com-
promise in all its stages up to the final vote, but
who were finally prevailed upon to change their
position by appeals to vote for it, and prevent the
dissolution or the Union. Listen to what a gen-
tleman from New Jersey said just before the final
vote was taken:
" Mr. Kesnet. I firmly believe that upon the question
now before us rests the highest interests of the whole
human family. Now, sir, it is to be tested whether this
grand experiment of free government is to continue, or,
alter forty years' enjoyment of the choicest blessings of
Heaven under its administration, we are to break asunder
on a dispute concerning the division of Territory. On this
question, which for six weeks has agitated this House, I
have voted with the majority. I voted the same last ses-
sion; but I am convinced should we [of the North]
persist to reject the olive branch now offered, the most
disastrous consequences will follow," &c. " The South
have agreed to fix an irrevocable boundary, beyond which
slavery shall never pass."
Irrevocable!—ah! irrevocable! I will now
give an extract from a speech delivered during
the discussion of the Kansas-Nebraska bill by
one of the greatest living statesmen, Colonel
Benton, who came into the Senate of the United
States upon the consummation of the Missouri
compromise by the admission of Missouri, and
who remained there for thirty years, an honor to
the State and an ornament to the Senate. Colonel
Benton, in speaking of the Missouri compromise,
uses this language:
"The third one—that of the Missouri anti-slavery line 
was not made upon agreement. It was imposed by votes
—by the South upon the North—resisted by the North at
the time—acquiesced in afterwards: and by that acquies-
cence became a binding covenant between both parties;
and the more so on the South because she imposed it. I
repeat: It was an Imposition, not a compact. The South
divided, and took choice; and now it will not do to claim
the other half on tile ground of the original dissatisfaction
of the other party. Brothers cannot divide an estate in that
way—one make the division, and take choice, and after-
wards claim the other half. The South has her half, she
gave it away once—gave it to Spain; and the North helped
her to get it back, even at the expense of war—without sus- '
pecting that she was strengthening the South to enable it to
take the other half. But this attempt does not come from
tne south, and finds resistance there."
Mr. Chairman, it would be useless to attempt
to give emphasis or point to such testimony, from
such a source; but I would suggest the impro-
priety of gentlemen charging the North with
| forcing the Missouri compromise upon them. If
those who helped to repeal the restrictive clause
of 1820 by the passage of the Kansas-Nebraska
bill of 1854, had looked into the circumstances
under which it was passed, they would not, I
think, have done the deeds. They would not
have obliterated the legislation which gave peace
to the country, and joy to the hearts of thousands
of patriots, both North and South. I have a
great deal to read from speeches find writings of
different persons upon this subject, but 1 find
that I will not have time. I will, however, pub-
lish these extracts in my printed speech. I will
show what Mr. Clay thought of that compromise.
It is alleged that the compromise of 1850 being
inconsistent with the compromise of 1820, the act
of 1854 was rendered necessary to make them
consistent with each other. There never was
such a bald pretense attempted to be palmed oiF
upon an intelligent public before.
. Mr. Clay, in his great speech, delivered on the
5th and 6tn of February, 1850, when urging the
•Nortfc not to insist upon the Wilmot proviso, but
to accept of the compromise of 1850 as a " healing
measure," says:
" Adopt these, or similar measures, and I venture to pre-
dict that, instead of the distractions wliich now prevail, we
shall have peace and quiet for thirty years hereafter, such
as followed the disposition of the same exciting and un-
happy subject after the Missouri compromise."
Little did that great and patriotic man think
that the passage of the very compromise which
he so eloquently pleaded for, would be made the
pretext to open the "bleeding wounds" which
were healed by the compromise of 1820—the
Missouri compromise.
After Mr. Clay has passed away—after the
only link that connected us with the revolutionary
patriots had been broken—the last of those great
men who adorned the Senate during the second
era of our country's history had been taken
from the scenes of their glory and fame, we are
modestly told by the present leaders of the Dem-
ocratic party, that the action of the fathers of the
Republic, and of Mr. Clay and his compeers
who succeeded that race of intellectual giants,
was wrong, "immoral, unjust" to the South,
and unconstitutional.
Mr. Chairman, I will not insult the memories of
the great dead by instituting a comparison between
themand those Lilliputian statesmen who origin-
ated that measure which violated the compromise
of 1820, and which substituted violence where
peace reigned, and distrustfor confidence. I can-
not charge that they were so perfidious as to de-
liberately, and with a knowledge of all the cir-
cumstances of the previous measures, pass this
diabolical measure. I must say, however, that if
they had made themselves fully acquainted with
the history of all the difficulties which attended
these compromises, they would be inexcusable
for the legislation of 1854 which abrogated a sol-
emn compact between the North and South.
Mr. Chairman, the President, in his annual
message, has thought it proper, or I might say
good policy, to call our attention to alleged " short-
comings" of certain sovereign States. He ar-
raigns them in the following language:
" It has been matter of painful regret to see States, con
spicuous for their services in founding this Republic, and
equally sharing its advantages, disregard their constitutional
obligations to it," &c.
He continues:
" Is it possible to present this subject as truth and the occa
sion require, without noticing the reiterated but groundless
allegation, that the South has persistently asserted claims
and obtained advantages in the practical administration of
the General Government to the prejudice of the North, in
which the latter has acquiesced ?"
He acquits the South in these words:
" While the people of the southern States confine their
attention to their own affairs," &c.
I meet the President's charge against the North
and acquittal of the South, by an extract from
Mr. Clay's speech, before quoted, which was
made before the passage of that act of perfidy
which has given rise to the present unhappy
state of affairs. Mr. Clay said:
" But I mu3t say, in all candor and sincerity, that least
of all ought the South to reproach the North, when we look
at the long list of measures we have had under our sway
in the councils of the nation, and which have been adopted
as the policy of the Government.
