1856.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGKESSlOftAL GLOBE.
295
34th Cong....1st Sess.
The Slavery Question—Mr. Granger.
Ho. or R&ps.
" Let us take another view j and of these several views
BO one is brousht forward in any spirit of reproach, but in a
spirit of conciliation—not to provoke or exasperate, but to
quiet and produce harmony and repose, if possible. What
have been the territorial acquisitions made by this country,
and to what interests have they conduced ? Florida, where
slavery exists, has been introduced. All the most valuable
parts of Louisiana have also added to the extent and con-
sideration of the slaveholding portion of the Union; for,
although there is a large extent of that territory north of 36"
30*, yet in point of intrinsic value and importance, I would
not give the single State of Louisiana for the whole of it. !
All Louisiana, with the exception of what lies north of 36*
30, including Oregon, to which we have obtained title
mainly upon the ground of its being a part of the acquisition
of Louisiana—all Texas, all the territories which have been
acquired by the Government of the United States during
sixty years' of the operation of that Government, have been
slave territories—theaters of slavery—with the exception I
have mentioned lying north of the line of 36° 3C. But how
was it in the case of a war made essentially by the South,
growing out of the annexation of Texas, which was a meas-
ure pressed by the South upon the councils of the country,
and which led to the war with Mexico ? I do not say of
the whole South; but a major portion of the South pressed
the annexation of Texas ugon the country, and that led to
a war with Mexico, and to the ultimate acquisition of these
territories which now constitute the bone of contention
between the members of the Confederacy. And now, when,
for the first time, any free territory—after these great acqui-
sitions in Florida, Louisiana, and Texas, had been made
and redounded to the benefit of the South—now; when, for
the first time, free territories are attempted to be introduced
—territories without the institution of slavery, I put it to
the hearts of my countrymen of the South, if it is right to
press matters to the disastrous consequences that have been
intimated no longer ago than this very morning, upon the
presentation of the resolutions from North Carolina."
Thus, Mr. Chairman, would I meet the allega-
tion of the President, that the people of the free 1
States have no cause to complain. I am willing
that the greatest of southern Senators should pre-
sent the case to the people, in opposition to the ;
statement of the President. Ada the Kansas and
Nebraska iniquity, and the millions paid for |
Mesilla Valley, to Mr. Clay's statement, and we j
have the case—the issue of fact presented for the i
consideration of the people of this country. The
President must be conscious that he is chargeable
with our present difficulties, and seeks to escape
by making counter charges against those whom
he has wronged.
The President makes these serious charges
against a large portion of the country, against
those who hold opinions similar to those which
I have avowed; against those who hold opinions
similar to those held by Washington, Mason,
Judge Wilson, Luther Martin, and Jefferson.
Because they announce such doctrines, and stand
by such principles, they are denounced by the
President of the United States as being disloyal
to the Constitution and to the Government. A
charge made by the highest functionary known
to our laws, should be treated with some kind of
respect; but I am afraid to allow myself to speak
of it lest I should not show him the respect which
the office should secure to him. The charge,
however, shows this, that small men have, by the
machinery of party, been elevated to places which
have formerly been occupied by men illustrious
for their deeds, and ennobled by their virtues, and
worthy to occupy Jhe most exalted stations on
earth.
We must remember the circumstances under
which those charges were made. The Cincinnati
convention assembles in June. The elections held
in the free States since the Kansas bill passed, give
little promise of support to the present incumbent
of the White House. In other quarters, that act ]
of perfidy was thought to be a passport to favor; i
and the message afforded a fine opportunity of !
presenting the subject to the consideration of |
those who were supposed to be interested in sus- '
taining the President's " south-side view" of our j
domestic aifairs. We might turn upon him, and ]
charge him with being disloyal to his pledges, >
disloyal to sacred compacts, with being disloyal j
to the Constitution, with disloyalty to the spirit
which animated the fathers of the Revolution. We
should be unworthy of those we represent, unless
we meet these charges, let them come from what
quarter they may, or from however elevated a
position. It becomes the Representatives of the
people to meet them, and denounce their author
as unworthy of the high position which he occu-
pies.
Ah, Mr. Chairman, there is a tribunal before
which we all shall have to appear before long.
The people will review the acts of their servants,
whether they be members of Congress or Presi-
dent. They will pronounce upon his conduct,
and upon ours; and we will have to obey their
behests and abide their verdicts. I do not fear
that tribunal before which he and I, and every
member here, will be called to answer—we as the
Representatives of the people,and heas the Chief
Magistrate of the nation. His conduct will be
weighed; and I think that " he will be found
wanting." He made most solemn pledges to the
country in his inaugural address. He made use
of this language:
" We have been carried in safety through a perilous
crisis. Wise counsels, like those which gave us the Con-
stitution, prevailed to uphold it. Let the period be remem-
bered as an admonition, not as an encouragement, in any
section of (he Union, to make experiments, where experi-
ments are fraught with such fearful hazard. Let it be
impressed upon all hearts that, beautiful as our fabric is, no
earthly power at wisdom could ever reunite its broken
fragments."
Was not the President warned in time, that to
attempt to violate the Missouri compromise would
be a dangerous experiment? Yet he heeded not |
the admonition of Colonel Benton and others, j
In his first annual message, in alluding to the
difficulties which were settled and adjusted by
the compromise of 1850, he said :
" A successful war had just terminated. Peace brought
with it a vast augmentation of territory. Disturbing ques-
tions arose bearing upon the domestic institutions of one
portion of the Confederacy, and involving the constitutional
rights of the States; but, notwithstanding differences of
opinion and sentiment which then existed in relation to
details and specific provisions, the acquiescence of distin-
guished citizens, whose devotion to the Union can never
be doubted, has given renewed vigor to our institutions,
and restored a sense of repose and security to the public
mind throughout the Confederacy. That this repose is to
suffer no shock during my official term, if X have power to
avert it, those who placed me here may be assured."
That was the pledge made. How has he
redeemed that pledge ? Let a disturbed and dis-
tracted country answer. Did not he bring to bear
all the power and patronage of this Government
to produce the state of things which, unfortun-
ately for the country, now exists, by the abroga-
tion of the restrictive clause of the Missouri com-
promise ? Will any man say, that he used all his
power to prevent that foul deed ?
Rulers of nations in all ages have been prone
to forget that there is a " higher law" than that
which emanates from their edicts, or from the acts
of councils, congresses, or parliaments. They
appear to forget that there is one who, by the
higher law, rules among the nations of the earth,
raising up and abasing whom he will. I know
that it has become fashionable,in some quarters,
to ignore the doctrine of a higher law; and it is
treated by some in this day, as it was in the days
of the French Revolution, with impious derision.
The philosophers of that school, in their impious
revels, taught the maxim, "No monarch in
heaven, no monarch on earth." That was the
lower law doctrine of the French reign of terror.
While I subscribe to the doctrine that there should
be no monarch on earth, I bow to the doctrine that
there is one in heaven who holds in his hands the
destinies of nations and of men. j
We learn from sacred history that there was a !
certain King of ancient Babylon who issued his [
edict that, if any man in his kingdom should recog- j
nize a " higher law" than his imperial edict, ne :
should suffer utter destruction. This great king
found, to his dismay, that there was One higher
than he, who had the power to stay the execution
of his edicts, and who drove him from his throne,
and from among men, to herd with the beasts of
the field "until his hairs were grown like eagles'
feathers," and the nails of his fingers became
as the claws of a bird. This haughty king was
restored to his reason, and brought to praise arid
extol the King of heaven, and to acknowledge
that " He doth according to His will in the army
of heaven and among the inhabitants of the earth;
and none can stay His hand, or say unto Him,
What doest Thou ?" Let us not forget the teach-
ings of the founders of this Government, who
acknowledged and recognized that higher law by
which the actions of rulers and of the ruled will
be judged. By recognizing this as the rule of
conduct in our legislation, we may hope to per-
petuate a Government which was brought into
existence by and through the blessing of the King
of kings, who is the author of the "higher law.
the slavery question.
SPEECH OF HON. A. P. GRANGER,
OF NEW YORK,
In the House of Representatives,
April 4, 1856.
The House, being in the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union.
Mr. GRANGER said: Mr. Chairman, I am
aware, sir, that the subject of slavery is one of the
most vital importance that can come before you for
discussion—one that brings with it the hignest in-
terest, the deepest feeling, and involves principles
of the most sacred character. I approach it, sir,
with great reluctance, and prompted to it only by
the stern demands of duty—a duty that, were
it not a duty, I would gladly avoid. I know, sir,
that southern feeling is ardent, and on this subject
sometimes fiery. The North is slow and con-
templative— passive and yielding; but there is
a point beyond which it will not go. To that
point, sir, it has arrived. The mighty difference
between the North and the South requires a set-
tlement, and it can be delayed no longer. It must
be met and disposed of. Freedom and slavery
must meet face to face, and try titles. The ques-
tion, I regret to say, assumes a sectional aspect.
The North and the South are opposite parties. I
would it were not so; but since it is, let us meet
it like friends and fellow-citizens of this highly
favored Commonwealth, guided strictly by the
Constitution, and sustaining the Union in every
emergency. The Constitution was made to pro-
tect freedom or slavery—one or the other—not
both. There can be- no compromise between
them—no joint ownership. It is time one or the
other had full possession. The Constitution was
formed by the convention, and adopted by the
people, to secure the inalienable rights of man.
Slavery is incompatible with those rights. Sla-
very in the Unitea States is unconstitutional, and
therefore unlawful. Slavery can have no legal
existence in this country without specific consti-
tutional legislative enactment, creating it or estab-
lishing it. Sir, there are none—there can be no
such enactments. That slavery can have no legal
existence without specific legislative enactments
creating or establishing it, I assert, on the au-
thority of the Supreme Court of the United States.
In the case of Prigg vs. Penn, 16 Peters, the coort
declared "that the state of slavery is a mere
municipal regulation founded upon, and limited
to, the verge of territorial law." Now, I assert,
there is no such lam; and I assert it on the author-
ity of the father of the fugitive slave law, the
honorable Senator from Virginia, [Mr. Mason.]
When advocating the passage of that law, an*
discussing its provisions, the honorable Senator
objected to trial by jury, on the ground that it
would imply proof that slavery is established by
existing law; and, said he, "it is impossible to
comply with the requisition, for no such law can
be found." Now, sir, put that and that together,
and the '' illegality of slavery is seen at a glance.''
Go back with me, sir, to colonial times, before '
we were independent, and had a Government bf
our own, ana observe the landmarks that guide
us on this subject from that time to this. Slavery
then existed in England as it did in the colonies
here. In 1772, Charles Stewart, of Virginia, was
in England with James Sommerset, his slave.
The slave absconded and became a fugitive. He
was pursued and recaptured; and confined on
board of a ship to be transported to the Weft
Indies and sold. From his prison he found means
to reach the ear of Mansfield, Lord Chief Justice
of England, and obtained a writ of habeas corpus,
and claimed his freedom. The parties appeared
Mid took issue. The Chief Justice gave sentence
as follows:
" The state of slavery is of such a natnre that H is inea-
pabte of being introduced on any reason, moral or political,
but only positive law. It is so odious that nothing can ha
suffered to support it but positive law. Whatever incon-
venience, therefore, niay follow from a decision, I cannot
say this case is allowed or approved by the law of England;
and the black must be discharged."
That decision, sir, was never controverted, and
remains, from that day to this, the law of Eng-
land. It covered the colonies, and condemned
slavery here as well as there. Four yean after,
