1906
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
August 4,
suggest that Senators may rip open the goose
that is laying the golden eggs, by two much
eagerness. I think they started with about two
million one hundred thousand dollars; but on the
best estimate I can make now, it is about three
and a half millions of dollars; and my opinion is,
that before it gets through the two Houses, the
amount will reach $5,000,000. 1 do not know
any part of the United States—I have spoken ray
opinion very freely as to the lake country—better
able to pay for the transportation of their com-
modities than my friends in the valley of the
Mississippi, fheyhavegotamagnificentcountry;
they have got the finest natural river in the world.
It is true they have snags in them, and must
necessarily have difficulties of that sort; but their
commerce, as they themselves state, is enor-
mously great, and increasing. That they should,
on the principle announced by the Senator from
Louisiana, [Mr. Benjamin,] sock to make the
transportation of their commodities cheaper, at
the expense of the people of the United States, is
a principle that I wish to protest against again
and again; and the more so, as a large portion of
my section of the Union are presumed to-be ben-
efited by it. It is violative of the fundamental prin-
ciples of justice and the confederation. They have
no right to demand it, and nobody has the right
to grant it. I could not give it to them under any
circumstances whatever. They are able to pay,
and ought to pay. Itis but just that they should
pay. It is unjust that they should make others
aid. them in that payment.
Mr. BELL, of Tennessee, addressed the Senate
in regard to the bill pending, and the general sub-
ject. His remarks will be published in the Ap-
pendix.
Mr. TOOMBS. Mr. President, the Senator
from Tennessee has entered into an elaborate
defense of this system, which lias been, in mv
judgment, very properly from the beginning of
this Government designated, m its essence, as 1
have described it. It has not only been so des-
ignated by myself, but by the great body of the
opponents of the system, including the patriots
of the Revolution, and even some of the author-
ities which the Senator himself has quoted, as a
system relying for success upon combination,
and as essentially unjust and improper in itself,
and corrupting in its tendencies. That is my
judgment, ana as such it became my duty to
say so.
The Senator from Tennessee attempts to ward
off the consequences of an admission of this fact,
by analogizing it to other expenditures. It has
been admitted by the Senator from Louisiana, to
the full extent I charge, that the object of the
appropriation for the Missouri river was to en-
able the people who used that river to cheapcn
the transportation of their commodities by throw-
ing the cost on the public Treasuiy instead of
paying it out of their own pockets. That is ex-
actly the statement, in inoifensive language, of my
idea of the whole system. It is an attempt by
these people to throw upon others the cost of
cheapening the transportation of their commodi-
ties. I say, therefore, it is prompted by private
interests. It is unjust; it is unequal; it is viola-
tive of every principle of public justice. It seeks
and obtains an unjust advantage over others.
Hut, says tlu; Senator from Tennessee, similar
imputations may be made against other approprt-
tions—attempts to analogize this to the public
defense. He charges me w>ih having studied a
theory on tluit subject in < tder to answer this
argument. I plead guilty to this accusation. 1
deem it my duty to study these questions. I am
seirt here to examine them to the best of my
ability—to give all the tune, all the research, and
all the intellect with which God has blessed mo,
to the investigation of them, and arriving at truth.
I stated in my former speeches that there was no
analogy between those appropriations and the
expenditures for your Army nnd Navy, for two
great grounds: The first was, that the Constitu-
tion jxpr^ss'y gave the power, and made it your
duty, to ■ a-id support armies, and to provide
and mairuem a navy: and upon this great prin-
eipl'1, that the national defense was indivisible;
tnat it was a fundamental principle in the social
sy-.<i<.nu Lnat th>: whole so( lety, without reference :
to ixt. should defend every member m it; that I
here the expenditure for the public defense stood, .
and tnat it was an equally sound principle of
government that you should not take money out
of the public Treasury for private purposes. That
was the basis of my distinction and illustration.
I said I believed it had been held in all ages and
in all countries to be violative of the fundamental
principles of justice and right, for Government to
take money out of one man's pocket and put it
into another's. Your Constitution expressly
says, that private property shall not be taken for
public use without just compensation. On what
principle, then, can you devote public property to
private uses? It violates the same principle of
justice.
The public defense is indivisible. You may
expend thousandsof lives and millionsof money,
but it is your duty to defend the humblest man
in the social system. That is the foundation of
the compact. The whole theory of the Senator
from Tennessee on the subject of fortifications
is untenable. Congress has an express power
to use all the powers of the Government for the
common defense, and Congress is presumed to
put their fortifications precisely where they are
most effective for the national defense. This is
done for a purely public and national object, in
obedience to an express provision of the Consti-
tution, and in conformity to the fundamental law
of this and every other society; in short, for the
" public defense." The other system is without
constitutional authority; but in derogation there-
of is the application of the common fund for local
and personal objects, and intended to promote local
interests at the general charge, and is opposed to
the fundamental basis of every justsocial system.
Mr. PUCH. Will the Senator shoV me the
power in the Constitution to build a fortification ?
.Mr. TOOMBS. Oh, Mr. President, I have
other questions to argue; I cannot now stop to
diseu.-s a collateral issue, which does notadvance
the mam aigument.
Mr. I>I£LL, of Tennessee. But do Congress
put the fortifications where they are most neces-
sary 5
Air. TOOMBS. I say they are presumed to
do that. I am not going into the issue, whether
they do not promote local interests at the general
charge. Do localities benefit by these appropri-
ations? Do they benefit any man's industry?
Do they put money in his pocket? If you put a
fortification at the mouth of the Chesapeake for
the purpose of defending your capital, the city
of Baltimore, the city of Norfolk, or to prevent
an enemy landing, and going into the interior,
it is put whore it ought to be placed. What
would you do with it in the interior? The Sena-
tor from Tennessee seems to complain that we
do not place the fortifications in the interior.
Why, sir, m all countries and in all ages of the
world fortifications have been generally put on
the frontiers. Reasonable people always prefer
defending their nationality like their domiciles at
the door-sill, rather than at the hearth-stone. They
put fortifications where danger is to be met. If
you have prospect of difficulty with the Indians
m the interior, you put forts there. You have
local defenses against local dangers; but the great
defenses of the country must be on the Atlantic
coast, because it is fiom that quarter any enemy,
dangerous to the existence of the nation, must
come. Ought you to expend the same amount of
money for Cincinnati as at New York? Every-
body would say that we would display a want of
common sense if we acted thus absurdly. The
public man who proceeded on thatprinciple would
be lit only forthe lunatic asylum. You put your
fortifications at assailable points for the purpose
of holding the enemy in check until the interior
of the country can come to its defense—until the
stout hearts and strong arms of the people can
come there from Ohio and other parts of the Union
to defend these great entrepots of property. They
pi essen t the greatest temptations to an enemy: their
possession would not greatly strengthen him, but
would greatly weaken us. There are many and
overwhelming considerations which do control,
and hnve always controlled, the statesmen of all
conn'; ;'-s to defend such points, which I need not
^o in <> the examination of.
Th,' o''j,-'c- of fortifications is to defend the Re-
public. They arc not to help any man's business.
They are ik-c to take money out of one man's
pocket, and put it into another's. Even if that
power to piovide forthe public defense should
be improperly applied, it is not subjcct to the
objections which I n$%ke against this system. I
say of this system, its direct object and its effect
is to take one man's money to cheapen the trans-
portation of another man's commodities. That
was distinctly admitted by the Senator from Lou-
isiana the other day. He admitted that the pur-
pose of the Missouri river bill was to enable
Eersons who used that river to transport their
emp and tobacco down the Missouri cheaper,
and to do it by taking money out of the public
Treasury instead of out of their own pockets. I
say thatis unjust; and I repeat it before the Senate,
before Heaven, and all the people. It can be
justified on no sound principles of government.
The Senator from Tennessee passed very rap-
idly over the illustration I offered in the postal
system. We have a right to establish post offices
and post roads. Congress did establish them.
How ? The benefit that every man received from
that expenditure being approximately ascertain-
able, Congress divided it according to the bene-
fits received, in fixing the rates of postage, and
said that if a letter was carried twenty-five miles,
he should pay so much; and if a hundred miles,
more; and a thousand miles, still more; the price
bearing in proportion to the cost of transporta-
tion. It was not precisely equal, but it was the
nearest approximation that the wisdom of man
could make, and Congress labored for that re-
sult. There is no such labor here. But the Sena-
tor tells us that we have no rivers in my State.
Shall we improve the transportation of other peo-
ple, while we are compelled to make our railroads
out of our own money, and pay into your Treas-
ury $1,500 a mile for the privilege of importing
the iron to lay down upon them ? According to
the argument of the Senator from Tennessee,
God has given to his people rivers, real rivers,
and no shams like those in Georgia; and there-
fore those who have the best natural advantages,
must be endowed by the bounty of the Govern-
ment! I believe that, without the action of this
Government, taking away the Mississippi river,
our rivers in Georgia are naturally better than
any in Tennessee. Without the Government
having spent anything on the Savannah river, it
is navigable for two hundred and fifty miles. So
the Chattahoochie, on the western borders of
Georgia, is navigable four hundred miles; and
the Ocmulgee, running up through the center of
the State, one of the best streams of water in the
whole country, is navigable for a great distance.
You compel us to make our own improvements,
and build our own roads; and if, because we have
no rivers, you tax us to improve your rivers, of
course you can make them navigable, by an
abundance of public money, With a small quan-
tity of water.
The Senator has alluded to the naval appropri-
ations. They come within the same principle to
which I have already adverted. You cannot
divide the benefit which each man receives from
the common defense, either by the Army or the
Navy. Then, the nearest approximation you
can make to it, every human being, and every
particle of property in the country beinginterested
m the universal defense, is to observe equality in
levying taxes. The expenditure does not put
money m anybody's pocket. There maybe a
few particular persons in a neighborhood who are
benefited, but even that is not always the case.
Take the case of fortress Monroe, or the fortifi-
cation of the Rip-Raps. The contractors of these
works may be from Philadelphia or Boston, or
somewhere else, for aught I know. So of the
fortification at the mouth of the Savannah river.
There being no stone suited for the purpose nearer
than New England, it was brought from there;
and that is legitimate and proper. The improve-
ment which is necessary for the public defense
there, puts no money in my pocket. It is for the
general defense of our nationality. It is just as
much the duty of the man in Kentucky or Ten-
nessee to defend the man in Maine or California,
who is exposed to an enemy, as if he was in the
heart of the Republic. There is no other way of
doing it but by keeping up an adequate Navy to
repel sudden onsets from abroad. You are bound
to use all the money, and all the people of the
country, to preserve the national bfe. The life
of the nation cannot be preserved without giving
protection to every man at any and every cost.
And as far as these appropriations are confined
honestly to the protection of his life, liberty, and
