me
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 28,
honorable member from Iowa—could have retired
ti> his room and sent a letter for publication in my
State, charging that I knew of the fact that the
resolution was to be offered, and imputing treach-
ery, is beyond my comprehension.
It is only necessary now, Mr. Clerk, that I
should put this matter right on the record in refer-
ence to my own action; and with a view of doing
so, I call upon the gentleman from Iowa now to
state whether any knowledge of any kind was
imparted to me, directly or otherwise, of his inten-
tion to introduce that resolution. When he an-
swers, 1 shall call upon two of my colleagues for
a statement in this connection. The gentleman
from Iowa will be good enough to give me the
benefit of his testimony.
Mr. THORINGTON. My attention, Mr.
Clerk, was this morning called to that communi-
cation by the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Camp-
bell.] I read the article then for the first time;
and I must say that I never read an article which
surprised me more than the one just read from
your desk. The declaration which I made on
this floor at tl® time of my introducing the reso-
lution referred to, declaring the gentleman from
Ohio [Mr. Campbell] Speaker of this House,
was sufficient, and I thought, in the innocency of
my heart, that to members on this floor, at least,
it would be; nor did 1 for one moment suppose
that it would have been ever called in question
here. But it seems that it has. And now, sir,
so far as that article is concerned, I have only to
say, that I would infinitely prefer the position
that I occupy to that occupied by the writer of
that article. And I will further state, that the
allegations contained in that article, so far as
they have reference to mc, are untrue and false
in inference and in fact, when they charge inc
with colluding with political opponents.
Now, sir, so far as my having any intercourse
with members upon the other side of the House,
either the American or Democratic party, is con-
cerned, in connection with the presentation of
that resolution, I can say with c^ual candor that
no communication whatever passed between
them and me. And I can also say that I had
very little conversation, either directly or indi-
rectly, with gpnllcmcn upon this side of the
House—the Republican party—in reference to the
matter. Mr. Campbell had no connection with
the presentation of that resolution, nor am I
aware of his knowing anything concerning the
use that was being made of his name in that reso-
lution, until he appeared in his seat on this floor.
No words, or communication of any kind, di-
rectly or indirectly, passed between us upon the
subject. Those members with whom I uiu con-
sult approved the act, and were uncompromising
friends of Mr. Banks, who had previously and
who have subsequently voted for that gentleman,
as continuously and as consistently as thd writer
of that article himself.
Now, sir, in reference to the connection of the
offering of my resolution with caucus nomina-
tion, I have to say, that I have attended all the
anti-Nebraska caucuses that were held before
that time and since. Jn the caucus previously
held, in which it is said that Mr. Banks, received
the nomination, I did not remain, however, until
the alleged nomination was made. I occupicd a
seat in the last omnibus that left the Capitol on
that evening, on my way to my residence in
Georgetown. Some gentlemen who were present
when the same was made informed mo that Mr.
Banks had been nominated, but that the nomina-
tion was only considered as binding until some
candidate, if practicable, could be found who
would more effectually concentrate the action
upon the part of the anti-Nebraska voters; and
that it was considered as a mere understanding,
with no caucus pledge. I felt under no obliga-
tions to vote for the distinguished gentleman
from Massachusetts, except so far as I should
think proper and the interests of my country re-
quired. I did, however, vote for that gentleman
cheerfully, as I had done previously, and have
voted for him since. But at the time I offered
the resolution, I thought that the country had suf-
ficiently long witnessed our ineffectual attempts
to elect that gentleman, and that there could be
no injury to parties on this floor in making an
effort in another direction. Under these circum-
stances, I presented the resolution offering the
name of my distinguished friend from Ohio [Mr.
Campbell] for the speakership. I did not con-
sider myself under any trammels of caucus to
prevent, nor did I suppose that any member upon
this floor considered himself bound by the action
of that caucus referred to not to vote fo,r my
friend, orany memberotherthan the distinguished
gentleman from Massachusetts. Since the meet-
ing of the House on the first Monday of Decem-
ber last, I have voted upon every call of the roll
for either the gentleman from Massachusetts or
the gentleman from Ohio. I voted for Mr. Banks
as long as I deemeditto be necessary and proper,
and I shall follow that course in future. But, on
the other hand, I did not hesitate to present the
name of Mr. Campbell for that place, to which,
in my opinion, he richly, deserves to be elected,
and who is sound upon the slavery question.
As to the attacks made upon me upon the part
of the press, I have only to say, that I hope the
result of this contest will show'that the persons
who assailed me have been doing, the country as
good service as I intended when I presented the
resolution proposing my honorable friend from
Ohio as the Speaker elect for the House of Rep-
resentatives of the Thirty-Fourth Congress. I
believe I have acquitted my honorable friend from
any participation with me in the use of his name
in connection with the speakership. I will, there-
fore, consume no more of his time.
Here the hammerfell, and the Clerk announced
that the time of the gentleman from Ohio [Mr.
Campbell] had expired. [Cries of "Go on!"
" Go on!" from all parts of the Hall.]
No objection having been made,
Mr. CAMPBELL proceeded: Mr. Clerk, I
have no words of harshness or of denunciation
for my colleague. I never have cherished an
unkind feeling towards him; none. I regret
that he should have placed himself in this atti-
tude. I intend to take this testimony in my own
vindication as a member of this body, and place
it upon the record, and send it, with his letter,
among the people of my native State, whose
minds have, for some reason unknown to me, been
lately poisoned against me by misrepresentations.
And there I shall leave the matter.
Treachery secms'covertly to be imputed to me
in this letter, because of my action on that occa-
sion. As before stated, I entered the Hall while
the resolution was before the body. I was at a
loss to determine what I should do. My posi-
tion was embarrassing, and I felt that I ought to
have a friend or two with whom I should take
counsel. My colleague from the Richland dis-
trict [Mr. Sherman] occupies a desk immediately
in front of me. I requested him to call another
colleague, the gentleman from the Stark district,
[Mr. Leiter.] They came to my desk, and I
besought their advice. They are now present,
and I request them to state what was my conduct
upon that occasion.
Mr. SHERMAN. Sincc my colleague has
requested me, I will state ver^j briefly the occur-
rences 011 the occasion to which he has referred.
On the morning when the gentleman from Iowa
offered his resolution declaring Mr. Campbell
Speaker, I came into the Hail after the session
had commenced. The yeas and nays had been
ordered on the resolution, and the vote was about
to proceed. A few moments after, my colleague
[Mr. Campbell] came in—and wo inquired mu-
tually of each other what was pending. My col-
league did not, I am persuaded, know that such
a resolution was to be offered. So far as I am
concerned, I was taken entirely by surprise. We
ascertained, however, presently, the nature of the
question, and thereupon, my colleague [Mr. Camp-
bell] requested me to speak to my other col-
league sitting nearest me, [Mr. Leiter,] for the
purpose of consulting as to what was best to be
done under the circumstances. This I did.
The first impulse upon the part of my distin-
guished colleague [Mr. Campbell] was to rise
in his place pending the vote on the resolution,
and request the gentleman from Iowa to withdraw
it. My colleague [Mr. Leiter] and myself en-
deavored to dissuade him from pursuing that
course, because we did not know but the proceed-
ing might have been the result of a general under-
standing upon the part of the anti-Nebraska
members of the House, and that the gentleman
from Iowa was carrying out the common design.
After the vote had proceeded, however, we dis-
covered that the friends of Mr. Banks, including
most of our colleague's, were voting against the
resolution; but it would then have been indelicate
and improper, without a consultation with the
gentleman from Iowa and others, and without a
better knowledge of the purpose of offering the re-
solution, for my colleague to have withdrawn his
name while the vote was proceeding, after having
allowed the proceeding to go on thus far without
protest.
We therefore urged him to allow the vote to
be taken sub silentio. I myself voted for the res-
olution; but it having been voted down, I have
since, as I did before, cast iny vote for the dis-
tinguished gentleman from Massachusetts, [Mr.
Banks.] The resolution, at most, was inoppor-
tune—introduced without sufficient consultation.
But I never supposed it would be made the pre-
text of assailing the motives of either the mover
of it, or of my colleague, or of those who, like
myself, felt impelled by a sense of duty to vote
for it. Is this the explanation my colleague
desires ?
Mr. CAMPBELL. I now appeal to my col-
league from the Stark district for his understand-
ing of the matter.
Mr. LEITER. Mr. Clerk, I am happy to
reply, at my colleague's request. At the time the
resolution was introduced by the gentleman from
Iowa, [Mr. Thorington,] I looked toward the
seat of-my colleague, [Mr. Campbell.] I saw
that he was absent. Some little discussion en-
sued. Before the vote was taken, and during the
call of the roll, I perceived my colleague in con-
versation with my other colleague, [Mr. Sher-
man.] I went to them, and then learned that
Mr. Campbell was anxious to withdraw his
name. I told him—and I take the entire respons-
ibility for everything that I do—that he ought
not to withdraw; that I was exceedingly anxious
for an organization of the House: and that an
anti-Nebraska man should be elected to the speak-
ership. Any one of the hundred men suited me.
I was not tied to any man; and I did not, and do
not, mean to be. I advised that Mr. Campbell
should let the vote be gone through with. I said
that if we could elect him, it would be right; if
not, there would be no harm done. That is my
position.
I will say further that, in my judgment, but
for the counsel of my colleague [Mr. Sherman]
and myself, Mr. Campbell would have with-
drawn. Still, he had no idea that we were plot-^
ting treason against the anti-Nebraska party of
this House. Has it come to this, that because
we vote for a man who is an anti-Nebraskaman,
an anti-slavery man, a man whose reputation is
well-established in the country, we are, therefore,
committing treason against the Banks men ? In
God's name who are the Banks men? From
whence comes this new party?—Banks party!
I never assisted in the organization of any such
party; and I never will assist in the organization
of any party that has a mail for its object without
any principle. I voted for my colleague from
Ohio, [Mr. Campbell;] and 1 have only one
regret, and that is, that he had not votes enough
to elect him. This is all I have to say.
Mr. CAMPBELL. Mi. Clerk, I know that a
studied effort has been made in various quarters
to place me in a false position in reference to this
matter. On the 7th of December I withdrew my
name from the struggle in which we are engaged.
I was then, have been ever since, and am now,
ready to make any sacrifice for an organization
of this House and for the interests of my country,
except that of personal honor. That is my own,
and I am here to defend it against all assaults,
come from whatsoever quarter- they may. An
attack upon it seems to have been made by my
colleague, and I have therefore called the atten-
tion of members to these facts.
Now, sir, if there is any man, of any party, or
from any section, in this House who knows of
any dishonorable or selfish act of mine connected
with this struggle for the speakership, I ask him
to rise now in his place and make the charge, so
that I may confront him before the House and
the country. [Here Mr. Campbell paused some
seconds for a reply.] Theie is not one. I hope,
therefore, that I may not again have occasion to
take the floor on this subject to repel assaults
made by members of this body. For the sake
of harmony and good feeling in my native Ohio,
and among her Representatives here, I trust that
