296
appendix to the congressional globe.
[April 4,
34th Cong....1st Sess.
The Slavery Question—Mr. Granger.
Ho. or Reps.
in 1776, this country declared its independence,
and assumed to speak tor ltseli- . „ .
The Continental Congress—the most august
bodv of men that ever met—by legal enactment
sustained the decision of the Chief Justice; and,
calling God to witness, declared liberty alien-
able, and bondage impossible, in these United
States In that immortal instrument—the Dec-
laration of American Independonce-in language
too specific and positive to be misunderstood,
they declared liberty sacred; and to maintain it
pled°-«d their lives, their fortune, and their sacred
honor. This was the first great organic law, and
has never been repealed. The people indorsed
the declaration, and sealed it with the blood of
an eight years' war. Sir, it has become the
.. - .i -   — an(i since the
just, and thereupon to do as justice shall appertain. It is
to be directed to the person detaining another, and com-
mnnding him to produce the body of the prisoner, with the
davand cause of his capture and detention, to do, submit
to and receive whatsoever the judge or court awarding the
writ shall consider in that behalf."
It is for the special protection of personal, indi-
vidual liberty, a right to the privilege of which
all are entitled who claim they are deprived of it ij
without due process of law. All, without dis- 1
crimination of caste or color; all, male and female,
citizen and alien. Sir, it is the body-guard of
personal, individual liberty, in this country• Sir,
the hand that is raised against it aims a blow at
the heart of liberty itself. This the fugitive slave
law has done. Here again slavery finds in the
Constitution a successful rival, and is forced to
yield. Sir, this potent privilege of the writ of |
political liturgy of the country;®";/a?mually ' habeas corpus, this all-powerful protector of indi-
4th of July, 1776,11 has been rehearsed annua y | 1^ ^ £ nded> or
in the presence of all the people, in uie , f L siv thorp is
Articles of Confederation were agreed to, the
constitution under which this Government was
administered till 1789. Most of the States then
held slaves; yet, so universal was the sentiment
that slavery was temporary and soon to expire,
that in the Articles of Confederation not the slight- ;
est allusion was made to it. And here, sir, 1 ask
you to note that, when the United States Consti-
tution was adopted, every one of the old thirteen
States had constitutions except Rhode Island and
Connecticut, and not one of those constitutions
established or recognized slavery. Rhode Island
and Connecticut continued on under their old
royal charters, neither of which, in the slightest
degree, encouraged slavery. Up to this time, sir,
there had been no rightful authority, or legal
foothold, for slavery in this country.
Slavery was first introduced here without law
by a crime the law declares piracy. Without
law it has been tolerated—permitted to remain,
until it has attained a degree of strength and
slavery'can be no longer tolerated. Sir, there is
not a slave in this Union who is not entitled to the
privilege of this writ, and not one who, with a ;
fair and impartial trial under it, would not, like
Sommerset, obtain his freedom.
" This writ," says Blackstone's commentator,
" makes slavery impossible in England."
I say, sir, this writ makes slavery impossible in
America.
If he could say thus much of it in a monarchy,
May I not say as much of it in a republic ?
Sir, the writ of habeas corpus and slavery cannot
exist together;
They cannot breath the same atmosphere;
One or the other must perish.
Again, sir, at section ninth, the Constitution
reads as follows:
"The 'United States shall guaranty to every State a
republican form of government."
A State constitution that expressly authorizes
slavery and legalizes an institution that allows
one man to enslave another—that chattelizes
arrogance that it presumes to -ne here, in tins .
temple of liberty, and par rank with treedom. We * -■
have now arrived to the date of our present glo-
rious Constitution; and unworthy be the ingrate
who will not maintain it to the last extremity.
And now, sir, comes the question: Did the Consti- j
tution create or establish slavery ? Sir,, examine j
the entire document, and mark its general scope,
object, spirit, and bearing—nay, its very letter,
and let it decide whether freedom or slavery shall
bear sway in this Republic. The Constitution,
article one, section nine, on the one hand, says,
".Wo title of nobility shall be granted;" on the
other, in the same section, "No bill of attainder
shall be.passed." Not content with that, it
reads, (section ten) " No State shall pass any bill
of attainder." We had revolted from a mon-
archy where privileged orders prevailed; hence
the framers of the Constitution determined to
bar the door against them. Sir, a law to create or
legalize slavery, either by Congress or any
State, would be to pass a bill of attainder, and,
therefore, as null and void as would be a bill to
grant a title of nobility. I
Sir, to grant a " title of nobility," or to elevate
a class or family by law above the level, was an
idea never for a moment entertained by the
frtlmers of the Constitution. And, sir, a proposi-
tion to enslave, degrade, and chattelize one class
of persons for the avarice or pleasure of another,
and to attaint the blood and send it cursed with
hereditary taint through succeeding generations,
would have been. repelled with indignation.
Here, sir, is a direct and positive prohibition of
slavery, and cuts it up root and branch. In the
same tenth section it is also written," No State
shall pass any bill impairing the obligation of con-
tracts. " Now, that slavery not only impairs the
obligation of contracts by wholesale, but actually
deprives a large class of persons of the power of
-making contracts at all, and declares such con-
tracts as they may make null and void. Here
again slavery meets a repulse, and is driven from
the Constitution. Again,article one,section nine:
*' The privilege of the writ of habeas corpus shall
not be suspended in time of peace;" the fugitive
slave law to the contrary notwithstanding. Now,
sir, what is this writ of habeas corpus, the privilege
ofwhich shall not be suspended ? SaysBlackstone:
"The object of the writ is to bring the body of the
prisoner who has been restrained of liberty into court, who
■ (hall determine whether the cause of his commitment be
horses and swine—that a man has no right to liis
wife, his children, nay, does not own himself,
but can be sold on execution, and made to follow
like a dog and obey his master—a constitution
like that lias, in my view, very little claim to a
republican character. Perhaps I may be called
on to vote for the admission of a State with such
a constitution. When I vote for it, sir, I give due
notice it will be after this.
If there still remains a doubt how the Consti-
tution should be understood on this subject, askit.
Ask it, sir, and it will tell you. It gives no un-
certain sound. Listen, sir, and hear its own
explanation:
" We, the people of the United States, in order to form
a more perfect Union, to establish justice, to insure do-
mestic tranquillity, provide for the common defense, pro-
tect the general welfare, and secure the blessings of liberty
to ourselves and our posterity, do ordain this Constitution
for the United States of America."
Here, sir, you are expressly told by the Consti-
tution itself, that it has liberty, not slavery, for its
object. Sir, this is language that cannot be trifled
with. And lest there might be some that hesi-
tate, and perhaps claim that the Constitution was
made, not for freedom but for slavery, a codicil
was subsequently added, explaining, qualifying,
overruling, nay, sir, annulling, everything incon-
sistent with it in the original instrument. I will
read it, sir, from the fifth article of amendments
to the Constitution:
" No person shall be deprived of life, liberty, or property,
without due process of law."
This, sir, goes back and covers the whole
ground. No person—owing labor or not—no per-
son shall be deprived of liberty without a fair
trial for his offenses. There it is, sir, in letters of
iron. It stands out in bold relief, the all-pervad-
ing sentiment of the Constitution. Sir, this alone,
made pursuant to it, shall be the supreme law of the lard,
constitutions of tho States, and laws of the States to the
contrary notwithstanding."
As against all these positive provisions of the
Constitution in favor of liberty, and against sla-
very, the advocates of slavery present us with
the second section,article fourth, which provides
for the return of persons owing service or labor,
and who have absconded and left the State. And
it provides for nothing else. It reads as follows:
" No person held to service or labor in one State under
the laws thereof escaping to another, shall, in consequence
of any law or regulation therein, be dischaigcd from Mich
service or labor,"but shall be delivered up on claim of the
party to whom such service or labor may be due."
A person owing labor in one State and fleeing to
another, shall not be discharged from such labor
by any law of the State to which he goes,but shall
be given up—to whom ? To the person to whom
such labor may be due. And if that is not to be
ascertained by a fair trial, by due process of law,
then you may as well take one mail as another.
If you are not to ascertain by due process of law
who the person is that owes labor, and to whom
he owes it, then I say you may as well take one
person as another. Mark, sir, color has nothing
to do with it. So far as the question of slavery
is concerned, this section is of very little conse-
quence, one way or the other. That it means
slaves I deny. It does not describe their condi-
tion. It cannot mean slaves, for the framers of
the Constitution objected to the word slave; and
President Madison, the father of the Constitu-
tion, said: " It is wrong to admit into the Con-
stitution the idea that there can be property in
man;" and even the word " servitude" was, on
motion of Mr. Randolph, of Virginia, unani-
mously rejected, and the word "service"inserted.
Sir, let Virginia and the whole country hear and
heed the reason given for this unanimous vote;
the reason given, sir, was—" because the former
was thought to express the condition of slaves,
and the latter the obligation of freemen."
The idea that it meant slave is repudiated by
the very terms of the section, for it says, "persons
owing service or labor." Sir, if you are to trans-
form a person owing service or labor into a slave,
you must look elsewhere for a license to do it.
Now, a slave, a chattel, no one will contend is
indebted or owes anybody labor or anything
else. That is impossible. A slave is incapable of
making any contract whatever. The slave you
catch under that clause is just no slave at all. It is
;ome person owing labor and gone out of the State
to get rid of the debt. In defiance of at least
three positive provisions of the Constitution, the
fugitive slave lawgrabs somebody, black or white,
for it makes no distinction of color—demands
of him a life's labor—suspends " the privilege of
the writ of habeas corpus"—denies him " trial by
jury"—and "deprives him of liberty without due
process of law," and works him, or whips him,
or sells him, as it likes.
There is one other clause in the Constitution,
referred to by the advocates of slavery as favor-
ing their views: •
"Art. 1. Sec. 2.—Representatives and direct taxes shall
be apportioned among the several States which may be in-
cluded within tlits Union, according to their respective num-
bers, which shall be determined by adding to the whole
number of free persons, including those bound to service
for a term of years, and excluding Indians, not taxed, three
fifths of all other persons."
It is claimed that the three fifths of all other
persons means slaves. Then, why not say so.
But suppose it does, it was merely a compromise
with slavery, in which, like all other compromises
•with slavery, freedom gets cheated. With an
understanding that the public burdens would be
borne, or taxes paid by the slave states in pro-
portion to their representation in Congress, the
slave States obtained, and now possess, the unfair
if there was nothing else in the Constitution to j advantage of some twenty-one members of Con
sustain it, settles the question and seals the death- '. gress, and an equal number of presidential electors
warrant of slavery. No State has power to save j
it, even within its own borders. No State rights,
no State sovereignty has power to protect it. And
so declares the Constitution:
" No person shall be deprived of life, liberty, or property,
without due process of law."
Sir, was ever language more emphatic? Was
ever law more decisive ? Article sixth sums up
as follows:
" This Constitution and laws of Congress, and treaties
more than a fair share, while they have long
since ceased to furnish a dollar in consideration
of the arrangement. Thus the slave States have
a controlling property representation in Congress
with which they continually invade the soil of
freedom, while the free States have no such prop-
erty representation to resist the invasion. Be-
sides, sir, by a property representation which the
free States do not enjoy, the slave States meet us
at every presidential election with some twenty-
