1856.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1907
property, they are just and proper, and cannot
be complained of. But I insist it is not the sys-
tem here advocated. This system is openly de-
fended upon the ground that it cheapens the
transportation of one man's commodities by
taking money out of the common fund. That,
I tlunk, entitles it to every appellation or epithet
I have given it. They are strong—they may be
offensive; my defense is, they are just and appro-
priate.
That very fact,admitted by one member of the
committee, js all that I intended to charge. It
admits the injustice of the system. I have heard
'log-rolling defended in the other House. If any
Senator on this floor had improvements in his
own State which he believed as worthy of national
patronage as those patronized by Government,
i do not think he would vote for one of these bills
if his improvements were excluded. I have heard
that principle avowed again and again in both
branches of Congress. These bills could not be
passed but on that system. For this reason Mr.
Polk and Mr. Pierce have said, do not put these
measures in an omnibus bill, but separate them.
Their recommendation was avowedly for the pur-
pose of getting rid of the difficulties of combina-
tion; for it was seen that combination would
result wherever there were local and personal in-
terests. It did not succeed. Why ? The cause still
remains; the sting still remains; the public mis-
chief still remains. The friends of the system see
that unless they cooperate together all will be de-
feated; and hence, whether they put their meas-
ures in one bill, or in separate bills, the result is
the same. I have seen, and the Senator from
Tennessee will find, by looking to the Journal of
the House of Representatives, the members of
Tennessee refusing to vote for, and actually de-
feating, one of these appropriation lulls, because
the Tennessee river was not put in. I helped them
to do it. Why? If this system is constitutional
it should be equal. Equality is equity; and deem-
ing that to be vastly more important a measure
to be supported out of the public Treasury than
many others in the bill, I opposed it. Unless
there is some fair division, I apprehend opposi-
tion to it would be the rule of conduct of every
Senator on this floor; it certainly would be mine.
I have never known one who was put to the test,
when he thought he had improvements largely
superior in merit in his own State, which were
excluded entirely, who went forward and voted
for another one on its own independent merits.
I take it that such a case, if there be any, is a
very rare exception. Therefore, I say that this
system is a system of log-rolling—a log-rolling
I once heard defended m the other House by a
member fiom Massachusetts, in one of the most
ingenious defenses of bad legislation 1 overheard.
I allude to Mr. Winthrop. He described the
system of log-rolling as a necessity of govern-
ment. Under this system various local interests
have combined until they are strong enough to
reach the public Treasury. That is the basis of
the system, m my judgment, and I concur with
my friend from Virginia. If Missouri got no
more from the public Treasury for the improve-
ment of the Missouri river than she paid into it,
why should she call on the Treasury to pay for
it? Why should New York desire it for her
improvements ?
If you raised a specific fund for internal im-
provements by taxation, which will best illus-
trate this point, and you gave each State no more
than she paid, would New York come here to
ask you to improve the North river? She has
improved many of her rivers, dug canals around
some, used the bed of others where it suited her,
and charged tolls. That has been the custom of
all States throughout the civilized ivorld for
twenty centuries. There has been no difficulty
about it. It has been partially practiced by this
Government in the case of the Louisville and
Portland canal. The great principle for which 1
contend is, that when a public improvement is
made the beneficiaries shall pay for it. Tennes-
see acts upon this principle. She grants charters
to her citizens to make railroads; she indorses
their bonds; she takes stock with them, and
allows them to charge a sufficient amount of
money on those who use the roads to pay the
interest and reimburse the principal in a reason-
able time. New York does it on her canal.
Every State in the Union does it on her public
improvements as a universal rule. There may Si get it as cheap, he will take it, no matter how.
be local and partial departures from it, but this much transportation you have paid. It is the
is the general rule throughout this country, and j! quality of the wheat to-which he looks. A thou-
has been throughout the world from the time of sand elements may go to make up its market
the Greeks down, ever since men learned to pay I j value. That most remote from market, and
for going over bridges and turnpike roads. The II attended with the most expenses, produces less
burden should not come on society, but those i' to the producer, but costs no more to the buyer
who use the improvement should pay for it. I, Mr. BELL, of Tennessee. I wish to put a
the benator talks to me of the light-house i; question to the Senator from Georgia, as I see he
system. Why, Mr. President, I have stood here |;has the power of answering everything. Is it
of no use, m time of war, to have the Arkansas,
the Missouri, the Mississippi, opened as great
endeavoring to put that on a proper basis, and
resisting it on its present basis, ever since I have
been in Congress. The light-houses, however,
are not confined to the Atlantic coast. They are
to be found all over the lakes, and on the Mis-
sissippi river, as well as on the Atlantic. The
light-house system has grown enormously, and
is one of the most profligate and expensive
branches of expenditure m this Government.
I have again and again insisted that that is an
effort of commerce to put its charges on agricul-
ture. I will unite with the Senator froni Ton-
nes see, though he has never united with me, to
vote against it. It has gone up from $300,000
since I have been in Congress to a million and a
half a year, and in ten years it will go up to
, channels of intercommunication ? Would H not
; be a great advantage to have these rivers opened
I for the transportation of our heavy supplies and
| munitions of war, and even our troops, though
j railroads may dispense with the necessity of them
; for the latter purpose ? I go on the ground that
i these improvements are justifiable and constitu-
i tional under the war-mating power, and the right
; and duty of this Government to put the whole
i country in a proper state of defense. I wish to
call the Senator's mind to the fact, for I know ha
; must have adverted to it, that if Russia had from
St. Petersburg!! to Moscow a great river, or rail-
road, sufficient to facilitate the transportation of
$10,000,000, if you leave it under the control of i troops, Moscow might have been saved. This
light-house boards. There is no limit, because
there is no check upon the present system. In
England the light system is put under a board
called the Trinity-house board, and every ship get-
ting the benefit of the lights pays for their main-
tenance, and there they have no more than are
necessary. We ought to do the same thing. 1
have deemed it my duty to support this better
system, but I have not been successful. I have
uniformly voted against appropriations from the :
Treasury for light-houses. That being an ex- J
pense which can, according to my own princi- !
pies, be distributed between the ships, foreign j
and domestic, that get the benefit, it is a pecu- !j
liar hardship that we should levy a tax on the j:
honest labor of this country to protect not only jj
our own ships, but the ships of all the world. I:
Let me give an illustration. If a steamer of the |
Collms line goes from New York to Liverpool, :
she has to pay three or four hundred dollars
light dues. Let a Cunarder come from Liver-
pool to New York, and she does not pay a cent. 1
Who pays it? The Treasury of the UniAd ,
States, levying it out of the pockets of the people. I commerce.
England is justrr and wiser than we in this ! Mr. BELL, of Tennessee.
respect. When your ships go to Havre, France [' tion of power'
compels them to pay light dues. When her ''
ships come here they pay none.
So far from the Senator getting, in that respect,
a case opposed to my argument, it is one to which
I have endeavored for years to call the attention
of the country, and arouse the agriculturists to
sec to their own rights, and not allow themselves
to be thus plundered by the mercantile interests.
I agree with all he says on that point. 1 admit
that the light-house system is as unjust as this
system of internal improvement, and may be as
easily avoided. It'would be much better, then,
for the Senator to aid me in reforming these
abuses, than to endeavor to justify one abuse by
pointing to another, and the very one which I
have endeavored, as a Representative and Sen-
ator, for years, to get rid of.
Again, take the case of the coast survey. That
is another benefit to commerce, for which, legiti-
mately, a tonnage duty ought to be levied to pay.
Foreign ships and our own ships get the benefit
of it. I have been opposing it for years, but 1
never heard a word from the Senator from Ten-
nessee against it. He supports one abuse by [j
quoting another. I say, join me in uprooting ]i
both. This is another effort of the navigating ;
interest. It is no more advantage to Georgia ;
than to Tennessee. The man who carries wheat |
to Charleston or Savannah may receive no benefit j
from the coast survey; but the ship-owner, who
lessens his insurance, his lisk, and his expenses, i-
is surely and directly benefited. ]
Mr. BELL, of Tennessee. We get more for ;
our wheat by increasing the facilities of naviga- N
tion on the coast. jj
Mr. TOOMBS. Every ship-owner will tell you Jj
that, but you can never make the buyer act on 'i moteness of the probability of^\var,aiul the y. '
it. You can transport wheat to Augusta or New | use the army would probably have for th
York, and the cost of getting it there is never L works, it does not warrant the expenditure. If
inquired of by the man who buys it. If there is !; that is the true reason—if it be necessary and
wheat made on the adjoining lulls, and he can :! proper for the public, defense, and the Senate'
internal communication, to bring our resources,
men, munitions, troops, from the interior to the
sea-board, is our great security agamst a foreign
enemy, fortifications arc not much protoctian.
Why will he not allow appropriations for the
public defense in making these great intercom-
munications between the sea-board and the inte-
l rior, at the same time that he admits the propriety
of erecting fortifications?
Mr. TOOMBS. There is a great deal of force
in the Senator's argument; but I have looked at
it very closely, and I have attempted to give the
distinction. It is very true, that the taking out
of snap's from the Arkansas, and the Mississippi,
and all the rivers of the country, when war does
come, will cheapen whatever tiansportation may
be necessary for our Government on those riv-
ers; but the question is; will the probabilities of
war. and the quantity of supplies, troops, &c.,
we shall probably have to carry on those rivers,
be a sufficient justification for the improvement?
They will not; and they are intended for no such
purpose; they are averred to be for facilitating
But on'this ques-
Mr. TOOMBS. I say that wherever it is ne-
i cessary to make an improvement for the public
defense I admit the power to be complete. In
my argument upon the St. Clair flats bill, I ad,-
muted that, if it were necessary for defensive
purposes to use our navy upon the lakes, it was
fair and legitimate within the power of Congress;
but that the transportation of a few thousand
barrels of flour at a greater expense than it
would bo done without the improvement, would
not warrant it. Upon the same principle it will
not do to put forts all over the country, because,
in the event of war and an invasion by the enemy,
and they come by these places, the forts may be
a valuable defense to the particular locality. It
would be valuable, then, in such an event, but
that would not justify placing them there; because
the true basis of such public works is, that there
should be a just proportion between the probabil-
ities of advantage to the public and the amount
of expenditure.
Mr. BELL, of Tennessee. Does not the Sen-
ator know that the navigation of the lake near
New Orleans saved that city ?
Mr. TOOMBS. There is no question that good
rivers and good roads and railroads are all de-
fenses in time of war. I object to the use of the
war power as a pretense to facilitate commerce.
The Senator from Michigan and the Senator from
Louisiana do not put it on the same ground as
the Senator from Tennessee. He puts it on one
ground; they on another. They put it avowedly
on the ground that it will cheapen their commod-
ities at public expense. The Senator from Ten-
nessee puts it as an expenditure for purposes of
war. i will tell him that, taking in view the re-
call
