1856.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
my colleague [Mr. "Wade] will not ill future
retire from this Hall to make assaults upon my
integrity, as a newspaper correspondent.
On the subject of slavery my position is, I trust,
well known to every one in this House, and fully
understood by those I represent. I have never
occupied a doubtful position on that question hero
or among my constituents.
My position on the subject of Americanism is
also well known, and has been boldly avowed.
I apprehend it is because it is so well known here
arid at home that these assaults are made upon
hie. If this principle of " crushing out " is to be
pursued because of my avowals on the subject,
then I can say to my colleague that he will have
a lively time of it before lie finishes his contest
with me. Sir, we have nailed the banner to the
mast on which the principles of American reform
are inscribed. If he seeks to prostrate me for
this cause, I point him to that banner:
. " Our flag is there! our flag is there !
We'll hail if with our loud huzzas!
Our flag is there J our flag is there!
Behold its glorious stripes and stars
We do not intend to abandon it—never! never!
Mr. Clerk, I thank the House for its kindness
and attention.
Mr. HOUSTON. Mr. Clerk, I rise for the
purpose of stating a fact. I do not intend to enter
into any argument. The statement made in the
letter which has been read to the House, that
those on this side of the Hall with whom I have
been voting for Speaker, kept out of the way-and
did not vote on the resolution to which reference
has been made, has been repeated on sfeveral oc-
casions. Now, I have put myself to the trouble
of making an examination of the vote referred to.
There were eight gentlemen of the seventy-four
who did not vote on that resolution. One of the
eight, Mr. Hendley S. Bennett, was at the time
confined to Ins bed by sickness. The remaining
seven all paired off, and six of them were absent
from the city. Then the factisnot true that any,
even a solitary one, of those present with whom
I have been voting, failed to vote. Every one
wKo had not paired off, except Mr. Bennett,
who was sick, voted against the proposition.
One gentleman who was in the city, but paired
off, was at the time, I believe, making an argu-
ment before the Supreme Court. I will conclude
by again distinctly stating the fact, that every
Democrat, or Richardson man, who was present
in the city, and not paired off, voted against the
resolution with one exception, and that was the
gentleman from Mississippi, and ho was unable
on account of illness to be in attendance.
Mr. WADE obtained the floor.
Mr. ALEXANDERK.MARSHALL. I will
stale, Mr. Clerk, that if the letter alluded to in-
cluded those who arc denominated South Ameri-
cans, without examining the matter, still I will
venture the assertion, that a large majority, if not
all of them, voted against the resolution declaring
the gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Campbell] the
Speaker of the Thirty-Fourth Congress. [A
Voice. Except one.] I am informed that there
was one who did not cast his vote.
Mr. "WADE. I want to say, Mr. Clerk, that
the letter which has been read makes no direct
charge of treachery against my colleague. None
was intended to be made against him. It was
but an inference from facts which I supposed were
taking place before the eyes of us all: nothing
more was intended.
My colleague says now, that he rose up and
stated distinctly, that he had no knowledge that
the resolution was to be introduced. Now, the
gentleman perhaps may have done this, but I did
not see or hear him oil that occasion. My col-
league refers to the report of what then took place,
but I did not read the report of it as published in
the Globe or elsewhere. The report referred to
by him may make that statement, but not having
been read by me I did not, and could not be cog-
nizant of his disclaimer. The resolution-of the
gentleman from Iowa was received with surprise
and astonishment, and made no little stir m the
part of the Hall where I sit. It would be far
from me to impugn his veracity or his personal
honor. Suppose I did. i have a high respect for
the gentleman's honor, and intended to state only
the impressions made on my mind at the instant.
I do_ not intend ,to reiterate any supposed charge
upon him in respect to this matter.
I said in that letter—what I believed I was
warranted in saying—that an inference might be
drawn from the course that the proceedings took,
that there was some understanding between some
individuals. • Who they were I did not pretend
to state. . I know that the gentleman from Iowa
disclaimed at the time having consulted with
any one, as I understood him. He stated that
he offered it solely on his own responsibility.
He stated afterwards that he had consulted with
but a few. Who these few were, or how many
of them there were, I did not kiTow. I knew
nothing about it. Gentlemen around me knew
nothing about it. The resolution was suddenly
sprung upon us, and precisely that use was made
of it by the Nebraska rfen which I inferred any
man might have expected would be made of it.
I supposed that any man would know that it
would lead to embarrassment, and that our ene-
mies would take the advantage of it that they
have taken. .  
That letter, sir, was written hurriedly and
under the excitement of indignation at the course
that things took here, under the erroneous im-
pression that my colleague was giving them his
sanction by his silence.  
My colleague speaks pompously about his
honor, and his determination to spread these
matters abroad among my constituents, and over
the State of Ohio. Well, now, I am perfectly
content that my colleague shall send anything
he chooses among my constituents; and I will
venture to say, that they will never believe that
1 intentionally made a wrongful charge against
him, or that I will not do justice to him to the
fullest extent in my power. When my colleague
disclaims that he huu any knowledge of the intro-
duction of the resolution, there is not a man upon
this floor—be ho American, European, Asiatic,
or African—who will do him justice with greater
alacrity than I will; and I have only to say
upon this subject, that I did not intend in that
letter to do him any wrong. I thought the intro-
duction of the resolution most extraordinary; and
not knowing that my colleague made any remarks
in reference to it, but supposing, on the contrary,
that he remained silent, permitting the vote to be
taken without disclaimer, I supposed myself war-
ranted in drawing the inference that there was
some understanding about it. I am happy that
my colleague disclaims it; and I am happy to
admit the full length and breadth of his disclaimer.
I voted for my colleague, whilst he remained a
candidate, I think, as steadfastly as any other
gentleman upon this floor. I stood ready to vote
for him to the end, and would not have flinched
or faltered under any pressure; and when my
colleague knows me better, ho will understand
that I do not change my course until satisfied
that I am wrong.
I have nothing further to say with regard to
that letter. It expresses exactly the impressions
that were mjule upon my mind by the occur-
rences upon this floor at the time.
The gentleman from Alabama [Mr. Houston]
says that'-tliere were no gentlemen here who did
not vote. There was one gentleman from North
Carolina [Mr. Paine] who declined voting, and
many members went out of the Hall while that
vote was being taken. Who they were I could
not tell; but there were gentlemen who went out
from this side of the Sail before their names
were called. Whether they went out to avoid
that vote I know not, and could not say; but I
expressed, in that letter, the impression made
upon my mind at the time. I exculpated the
gentleman from/Iowa from all preconcert in the
matter. I did not implicate my colleague from
the Stark district, [Mr. Leiter;] and lie, I pre-
sume, neither desires nor expects any explana-
tion as regards him for anything stated in that
letter.
Mr. LEITER. No, sir.
Mr. WADE. I know he does not. I have
made no charge against him, nor did I intend to
implicate (any further than I was led by misunder-
standing) my colleague [Mr. Campbell]—further
than I was led by my ignorance of his disclaimer.
That letter, like any letter written on the spur of
the moment, doubtless contained some stronger
expressions than it ought to hove done, but it
conveyed the impressions made upon my mind
at the time, and they were thrown ofl m my seat
ill the excitement of the moment.
Now, with regard to thf>s<? gfntlemep whom I
called the "scatterers" orrecusants,',' I do
say now, that if those gentlemen had acted ,Tyiilj
the Democracy—if they had voted for the gentler
man from Illinois, [Mr. Richardson,] or we^c?
now voting for the gentleman from South .Carolina,
[Mr. Orr,] they would not have thrpwn, n„or
would now throw, so great an obstacle in the
way of an organization of this House, by t&e
election of an anti-Nebraska Speaker as they aye
doing .by the course which they have pursued
and are now pursuing. Thai is my opinion
I do not charge them with intending it. Thai; IS
not what I said, qr what I meant to say. I in-
tended-to say that such, in my humble judgment,
was the effect of their course; and it is as true now
as it was then. These are all the remarks that X
propose to submit to the House in relation to this
matter.
Mr. DUNN. I very much regret that some
gentlemen cannot be undeceived upon one point,
and that is, as to the extent of the power whiph
they have over their associates upon this floor.
Not only are they without power over each other's
votes, but the effort, directly or indirectly, by the
means employed here for weeks to assert and
exercise that power, is devoid, of ull decency. That
gentleman who sends his slanders throughout the
country—not having the courage to gutliis name
to them, against his own colleague, as gallant a
man as ever fought the battle of freedom in this
Hall—comes here, now, and reads his lectures,
and enforces his inferences upon this House anil
the country in regard to what, ho says, is the
disorganizing spirit of gentlemen who do npt
happen to agree with him.
It ought to be a matter of utter astonishment,
and surely is so to every honest man ill his sober
senses, to observe such attacks as that contained
in the letter we have had read, and are daily
seeing in one form and another, upon the gen-
tleman from Ohio, [Mr. Campbell,] who'is the
subject of them. Everybody knows that, in the
last Congress, he stood here the acknowledged
leader of a little band of faithful and patriotic
men, without food or repose, in a contest of
thirty-six hours—the longest, and fiercest, and
most inveterate parliamentary conflict in our his-
tory—in defense of the just rights of Vreodom
and the repose of the country. That little band,
with 110 other power or protection, than that af-
forded by the Constitution to compel the calling pf'
yeas and nays, and their own integrity and courage
under his leadership, steadily and successfully
maintained the fortress of freedom against leagued
aggression in overwhelming numbeis, cncouraged
and marshaled to the battle by a gentleman of con-
summate skill and ability. Yet that strong host
was at last driven, by this steady repulse^ ex-
hausted and disheartened from the field. Never
again would that conflict have been renewed, but
for what was then unsparingly denounced as a
shameless betrayal by those to whom I have
alluded on a former occasion, and shall not now
further speak of. These imputations, then, come
not near the gentleman "from Ohio, [Mr. Camp-
bell]—far from it. The friends of freedom
rose up everywhere " to do him reverence,"and
those who like him had never wavered. They
were covered with the empty honors, as it now
seems, of only thanks and praise. Prom that
day until now there has no public circumstance
transpired, nor any private, judging from the
fact that the challenge has more than once been
offered here by that gentleman to any and every
man to refei to such facts, public or private, which
in the least should detract from the just appre-
ciation of his conduct then. But now it would
seem important for the promotion of the ambi-
tious aims of others that he should in some way
be destroyed in this well-deserved regard of
the public generally, and especially of all the
members of this body. Hence, it is too palpable,
all these attacks. It had been his misfortune to
have bci'n thought of and voted for more than
i once, without asLing public leave to do so, for the
11 speakership. This is the "head and front of
1 Ins oil ending" in the estimation of his colleague
I [Mr. Wade,] and of others who are of his par-
! licular way of thinking, or it may be only of wish-
I ing. Hence all these attacks upon others here,
'I who in any possible way become the object of
|j suspicion of that gentleman [Mr. Wade] and
II his very charitable coadjutors. But it matters not
