kPPMDiX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[April 1,
34th Con6....1st Sess.
Slavery in the Territories—Mr. Warner.
Ho. of Reps.
to the other elaveholding States, so far as the
foundation of that title is concerned. The colony
x>f Georgia was originally settled as a free colony;
that is to say, African slavery was prohibited
from being introduced there by the charter grant-
ed to the trustees; it remained a free colony about
fifteen years after its first settlement; the soil and
climate was adapted to slave labor; the colonists
desired to have it, but the home government
refused to repeal the prohibition; the result was,
that the colony was about to come to nothing;
the prohibition was taken off, and African slaves
were allowed to be brought into the colony; some
few were brought in from the other slavenolding
colonies, but the most of them were brought in
by those who were engaged in the African slave
trade; and who they were, the past history of the
country furnishes abundant evidence. African
slaves were brought into the colony as property;
they were made property before they were brought
there; they were sold to our people as property,
purchased by them as property, paid for by them
as property, held by them as property, precisely
upon the same footing as they held every other
Species of property.
Were those from Whom my constituents origin-
ally purchased their slave property engaged in a
lawful trade, in a trade recognized as lawful by
the universal law of nations? This question
came before the courts of Great Britain in the
year 1817. A French vessel called the Le Louis
was engaged in the African slave trade, and was
captured by a British cruiser. France at that
time not having entered into treaty stipulations
abolishing that trade, the vessel was taken into a
British port, and condemned by the vice admi-
ralty court as lawful prize for being engaged in
■a trade forbidden by the universal law of nations,
and therefore criminal by that law. From the
judgment of the vice Admiralty court an appeal
was taken to the high court of admiralty of
Great Britain. The appellate court reversed the
judgment of the vice admiralty court, and held
that the African slave trade was not unlawful by
the universal law of nations, and was not criminal
by that law, which recognized property in Afri-
can slaves. The judgment of the nigh court of
admiralty was delivered by Lord Stowell, better
known as Sir William Scott, and I beg leave to
read to the House a portion of that judgment.
Speaking of the African slave trade, the learned
judge said:
"Let me not be misunderstood or misrepresented as a
professed apologist for this practice, when I state facts which
no man can deny—that personal slavery arising out of forci-
, ble captivity is coeval with the earliest periods of the history
of mankind—that it is found existing (and, as appears, with-
out animadversion) in the earliest and most authentic rec-
ords of the human race—that it is recognized by the codes
of the most polished nations of antiquity—that under the
light of Christianity itself, the possession of persons so ac-
quired has been in every civilized country invested with the
character of property, and secured as nvch by all the protec-
tions of lata— that solemn treaties have been framed, and
national monopolies eagerly sought to facilitate and extend
the commerce in this asserted property—and all this, with
all the sanctions of law, public and municipal, and without
any opposition, except the protests of a few private moral-
ists, little heard and less attended to in every country till
within these very few years in this particular country. What
. is the doctrine of our courts of the law of nations relatively
to those nations which adhere to the practice of carrying
on tlie African slave trade ? Why that their practice is to
be respected; that their slaves, if taken, are to be restored
to them ; and if not taken under innocent mistake, to be
restored with costs and damages- All tliis surely, upon the
ground that such conduct on the part of any State is no
departure from the Jaw of nations. The notorious tact is,
that in the dominions of this country, and others, many
thousands of persons are held as legal property, they and
their posterity, upon no other original title than that which
I am now called upofri to pronounce a crime—every one of
these instances attended with ai] the aggravations that ap-
pertains to the long continuation of crime, if crime it be;
and yet protected by law with all the securities that can be
given to property in its most respected forms."—2d Dodson's
JldmtraUy Report, pp. 2o0-'l-'2.
In Madrazo vs. Willis, (5th Eng. Com. Law
Rep., p. 315, the same doctrine is fully recognized
by the Court of King's Bench.) Bayly, J., in
delivering his judgment in that case, said, speak-
ing of the African slave trade;
" It is true that if this were a trade contrary to the law of
nations, a foreigner could not maintain this action. But it
is not; and, as a Spaniard cannot be considered as bound by
the acts of the Brittih Legislature prohibiting this trade, it
would be unjust to deprive him of a remedy for the wrong
which he has sustained. He had a legal property in the
privett   116 ias  by th® defendant'6 act, been de±
Best, J., after citing several authorities, says:
" It is clear, from these authorities, that the slave trade is
not condemned by the general law of nations."
In the case of the Antelope, reported in 10th
Wheaton, page 121, Chief Justice Marshall,
speaking of the legality of the slave trade, says:
" Both Europe and America embarked in it, and fornearly
two centuries it was carried on without opposition and with-
out censure. A jurist could not say that a practice thus
supported was illegal, and that those engaged in it might be
punished either personally, or by deprivation of property."
But I have still higher authority in favor of
the legality of the African slave trade—and that
is the Federal Constitution. The African slave
trade was not only recognized as lawful by that
Constitution, but it expressly stipulates for its
continuance for twenty years, and provides that
each slave who might oe imported into the States
should be taxed not exceeding ten dollars per
head.
Mr. GIDDINGS. Will the gentloman permit
me to propound a question to him?
Mr. WARNER. Oh yes, certainly.
Mr. GIDDINGS. I would inquire whether
the gentleman holds that those American Chris-
tians, who were captured and held to slavery,
and who were transferred from owner to owner,
by the Algerines, in the latter part of the last and
the first part of the present century, were prop-
erty ?
Mr. WARNER. I am not discussing the
question of Algerine slavery—I am discussing
the question of African slavery, as recognized by
the Constitution.
Mr. GIDDINGS. Does the gentleman ac-
knowledge that those Americans, captured and
held by the Algerines, were property ?
Mr. WARNER. 1 do not make any such ad-
mission, nor is it necessary that I should do so,
for the purposes of my argument.
Mr. GIDDINGS. That is what I want an
answer to.
Mr. WARNER. I have not referred to the
Americans who were captured by the Algerines.
I am discussing the question of African slavery
as it exists in the United States.
Mr. GIDDINGS. Africans can be held by
Americans as slave property.
Mr. WARNER. They were recognized as
property by the universal law of nations before,
and at the time of the adoption of the Constitu-
tion, and are now held as property under the
sanction and guarantee of that instrument.
Mr. GIDDINGS. Are Americans property
when held by Africans as slaves?
Mr. WARNER. I do not recollect at this
time such a state of things as the gentleman from
Ohio supposes.
Mr. GIDDINGS. I commend the gentleman
to the history of the country.
Mr. WARNER. I will not allow the gentle-
man to make a case for me to discuss. I am dis-
cussing questions which arise under the laws and
Constitution of f/iiscountry; and in return for his
admonitory counsel would heartily commend
him to the Constitution of his country, and the
obligations which it imposes.
Mr. Chairman, when interrupted by the gentle-
man from Ohio, I was endeavoring to demon-
strate that property in slaves was recognized by
the universal law of nations before, and long
since the adoption of the Constitution; and that
my constituents originally purchased their slave
ij property from those who were engaged in a law-
ful trade, and recognized to be lawful by the uni-
ij versal law of nations, and that their title to
their slave property is based upon that universal
law of nations, as it existed before, and at the
time of the afioption of the Constitution, and not
upon any positive law of the State.
I am not ignorant, sir, that long since the adop-
tion of the Constitution, and long since the title
of my constituents to their slave property ac-
crued, the United States, and most of the inde-
pendent nations of the world, have entered into
treaty stipulations, abolishing the African slave
trade; but those treaty stipulations were not in-
tended, and could not have the effect, to divest
rights to slave property which had accrued and
vested prior thereto, and which were recognized
by the Constitution as lawful and valid. After
tne Rerdlution, as wfc all know, tha colonies >
became independent States. The State of Georgia
had as perfect and complete jurisdiction over all
persons and property within her territorial limits,
as any sovereign State or nation on the face of the
earth; she owed allegiance to no other Power or
Government. The commission issued by that
State to her delegates to frame the Federal Con-
stitution states her true character at that time.
That commission is headed with these memorable
words: "The State of Georgia, by the grace of
God, free, sovereign, and independent."
Now, sir, let us inquire what rights the people
of that independent State had, in relation to taking
their slave property into any foreign territory,
and to have that property protected there by the
universal law of nations before and at the time
of the adoption of the Constitution ?
I maintain, sir, that a citizen of Georgia had,
according to the fundamental principles of inter-
national law, the undoubted right to take his slave
property into any other foreign Territory where
the introduction of such property was not pro-
hibited by some positive law operative in that
foreign Territory, declaring it to be against the
policy, or prejudicial to the interests of the Gov-
ernment having jurisdiction over that Territory;
and to have such property protected in that for-
eign Territory. It is the undoubted right of every
independent sovereign State or nation to declare
by positive law, that the introduction of slave or
any otherproperty into the territory of such State
or nation, shall be against its policy, or prejudi-
cial to its interests. My position is, that, in the
absense of any such declaration as to what shall
be its policy, or prejudicial to its interests in
regard to the introduction of slave property, a
citizen of the independent State of Georgia had
the unquestioned right to take his slave property
into foreign territory, violating no law of that
foreign territory, and would be entitled to have
that property protected there. Let us see what
are the fundamental principles of international
law regulating this question. Huberus, in dis-
cussing the conflict of laws between independent
States and nations, in book first, section second,
thus states the rule:
"Every nation from eomity admits that the laws of each
nation of force within its own territorial limits, ought to be
in force in all other nations, without injury to their respect-
ive powers and rights."
This great fundamental principle of interna-
tional law has been fully recognized by the Su-
preme Court of the United States, as applicable
to the States of this Confederacy, in the Bank of
Augusta vs. Earle, 13th Peters, 589. Mr. Chief
Justice Taney, in delivering the opinion of the
court in that case, states the rule in these words:
" In the silence of any positive rule affirming, or denying,
or restraining the operauon of foreign laws, courts of jus-
tice, presume the tacit adoption of them by their own Gov-
ernment, unless they are repugnant to its policy, or prejudi-
cial to its interests. It is not the comity of the courts, but
the comity of the nation which is administered and ascer-
tained in the same way, and guided by the same reasoning
by which all other principles of municipal law are ascer-
tained and guided."
I have the authority of Mr. Webster upon this
point, who, in his correspondence with Lord
Ashburton, demanding satisfaction for slaves from
the British Government, which had been taken
into one of the Bahama Islands, and set free by
the authorities of that place. He combated the
idea that a mail's title to his slave property has
no extra territorial operation, in the following
strong and emphatic language. After referring
to local law in respect to marriages, he continues:
" Did any one ever imagine, that local law acted upon
such marriages to annihilate their obligations, if the party
should visit a country in which marriages must be cele-
brated in another form? It may be said, in such instances,
personal relations are founded in contract, and, therefore,
ought to be respected; but that the relation of master and
•hive is not founded in contract, and therefore is to be re-
spected only by the law of the place which recognizee it.
Whoever so reasons encounters the authority of the whole
body of public law from Grotius down; because there are
numerous instances in which the law itself presumes, or
implies contracts; and prominent among these instances is
the very relation which we are now considering, and which
relation is holden to draw after it mutuality of obligation."—
Correspondence in the Creole case, Senate document, Twenty-
Seventh Congress, vol. 1, p. 119.
Mr. Nathan Dane, whose authority I know-
will not be questioned in the free States, in the
sixth volume of Dane's Abridgment, p. 430,
speaking of the law of nations, says;
