ft-rr
BOB
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 28,
"whose blunder or treachery, for the time being,
inspires the indignation of these new, self-consti-
tuted, and exclusive guardians of liberty and the
land—or who are self-appointed (or it may be, for
aught I know, that there is a little coterie on this
floor that issues commissions for that purpose)
to administer appropriate punishment on such
occasions; one thing is always certain—that is,
an imperious demand that " the stragglers" should
- come in and submit themselves, soul and body,
to the tender mercies of those to whom? I.sup-
Eose, we shall sopn learn, the destiny of empire
ere belongs i( by divine right." Every gentle-
man can obey this requisition who chooses. I
never shall.
After the remarks, this morning, of the gentle-
man from'Iowa [Mr. Thorington] in regard to
the pretended caucus, which has so much embarrassed
gentlemen, I should hope we are to hear no more
of that dodge which has strangely enough been
made to answer the double purpose of a shield
to protect one set of gentlemen here, and a sword
to destroy another. The candidate for whom
the gentleman is voting [Mr. Banks] expressly
repudiated it in his remarks here upon the occa-
sion of the general catechism of candidates, by
declaring, in substance, that he was not the re-
cipient of any caucus nomination. And now the
gentleman .from Iowa shows us precisely what
was understood at the time, by all concerned,
as to this sham caucus. It never would have begn
understood orepresented in any other light, but
that it afforded a pretext for one of the thousand
falsehoods which have been flying out from this
Capitol on black wings, like birds of ill omen,
to ttefamc and blast every man before the country,
who would not tamely, as a hound, submit him-
self to the lash of the hunter. To that end the
gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Wade] sent out, upon
swift wings, this croaking raven of his. Let him
cease his unprofitable and unworthy toil.
. I should be a dishonored man if I would act
with him upon the matter which he is now urging
upon us; and I tell him now—while there is
nothingat all of the spirit of bravado in my nature,
nothing which defies physical danger and suffer-
ing—there is no power under Heaven that can
move me to yield that which my deliberate judg-
ment tefis me is a-point of honor? Does the gen-
tleman understand me now? I hope he may,and
I hope others may. And I tell him further, that
he has colleagues who, if he does not, do under-
stand this difficulty. There is very little in my
disposition which opposes a proper and just ac-
commodation of differences. I have sfiown a
willingness to accommodate differences, time and
again, in this matter; and time and again have I
been ruthlessly and insolently thrust off. Sir, I
will not always go a beggar to any man's door
for the setflement of differences. This letter-
writing, and this editorial system of forcing men
into submission, have gone a very great way in
preventing the organization of this House. Why,
sir, upon my colleague over the way, [Mr. Bren-
ton]—than whom thej'c lives not, or ever has
lived, a purer-hearted or truer man, or a man of
more rugged and unbending faithfulness in the
cause of truth, of justice, and of freedom—we
have all seen and read, within the last three or
four days, an assault so base, so infamous, that
there is not one word in all the fullness and rich-
ness of our language vile enough to give it a
name.
And this is part and parcel of a system carried
on, in and outof this Hall, to drive men to submis-
sion—not to principle, but to a servile support of one
man. Sir, under God, I never will submit to any-
thing which is not in accordance with my own
well-considered and deliberate judgment as to
what is right, just, and honoranle. Gentlemen
may use their tongues andfin^ers as they choose;
they may bring out their whips; but all will be
unavailing.
| seek no further controversy in this matter. I
have sought to avoid it; I have desired harmony
with the anti-Nebraska men; I have submitted
to very great injustice to sccure it; I have been
disposed to turn aside from personal indignity
and insult, and bear these wrongs in patience, for
this end; but I say to all men that, in the just and
proper defense of that which is mine, and which
the Supreme Ruler of all things and my great
Benefactor has put in my charge—not for myself
alone, but in trust for those who are to bear my
name and blood hereafter, and keep alive in the
world, it may be for a little while, the memory
of my actions—I will never yield a point of honor
or plain duty in the face of any consequences to
myself. Cease, then, your fruitless efforts; they
will never avail. I leave the responsibility of my
actions to the just judgment of my country ancl
my God. To them I will be answerable, but not
to thatjpowerhere, whose demand is simply arro-
gant and insolent. But if there are those here who
are resolved to force upon me a conflict, as with
bears—or " me beasts at Ephesus,"—it is pos-
sible, that my repugnance to such a condition of
things may, in the end, yield to my necessity.
You can press matters to that point, if nothing
less will satisfy your curiosity.
I will remark still further, in reference to the
imputation oF that letter-*—for the precise language
I do not remember—that we, who are modestly
called recusants, were as well in the pay of the
Administration, and serving it for compensation,
as to occupy tli£ attitude we do, let gentlemen
look at the record. I do not mean that gentle-
man 's individual record, but the record upon that
table; and I say,asl have said before, that it will
tell a tale which will bring shame to their faces,
rather than mine, if they have any.
Now, sir, so far as I am concerned, this con-
troversy ends. When gentlemen assail, I strike
them back; and all I ask of them is, that they
strike like men—upon my face, and in the blaze of
day. Do not practice the assassin's game, seeking the
j cover of darkness, and strike my unobserving and un-
I protected back.
Mr. WADE. I have but a word to say in
reply to the remarks of the gentleman from Indi-
ana, [Mr. Dunn.] Iam not in the habit of boast-
ing or using bravado. I am but a very plain
man, making no pretensions of adherence to the
code of honor, as understood among duelists. I
could not do it, with my notions of what is re-
quired of me as a man. I discard that code
utterly.
But so far as rendering to every man what is
justly his due, and not taking from him aught
that belongs to him, I am the first man to ac-
knowledge the wrong, if I have' done wrong.
Gentlemen will always find me there. I am no
bully; I am no duelist.
Now, sir, the gentleman from Indiana should
not feel so sensitive, under the circumstances,—
myself being judge,—and if he attempts to as-
sert that I have charged him, in that letter, with
being in the pay of the Administration, he
charges what is not warranted by that letter, and
what was not intended by it. All 1 intended to
say there—and all I intend to say now—is, that
in the relations which those gentlemen sustain to
the organization of this House, in my judgment
they are doing for the Administration a service
which they could not do if they were in the ranks
of that Administration. I did not impugn those
gentlemen's motives; I never have impugned
their motives, here or elsewhere; and I call upon
any and all the members upon this floor to say
if they ever heard me impugn the motives of
those gentlemen, in any form whatever, as cor-
rupt or dishonest. I have never had an intention
of doing so. I have stated that, according to my
intellectual views of the position of those gentle-
men, they were wrong, and wrong in the course
they have marked out for themselves. But f
have not passed judgment on their motives in
this matter.
I can understand that gentleman just as well as
he can understand himself, when he says that
force cannot he brought to bear upon him, whether
by newspaper charges, newspaper letters, news-
paper writers, or anything of that kind; for I
understand what a man who stands by his duty
means; and if that gentleman believes himself
in the right, he has the same right to believe that
I and those with whom 1 am acting are utterly
in the wrong. There is nothing in that letter
which goes to sustain the inference that there is
any charge upon the gentleman's personal honor,
or anything of that kind. He is acting in his
way—I in mine. I condemn his course as inju-
rious to the cause which I advocate and which he
i advocates; he does not; and there is the difference
| between us. The gentleman's gallantry and cou~
| rage and all that sort of thing, take no effect—
I are lost upon one who disdains imputing mten-
' tional wrong to him.
Mr. DUNN again took the floor.
Mr. WADE intimated that he would yield to
the gentleman from Indiana.
Mr. DUNN., No, sir; finish your remarks.
-Mr. WADE.' I had nearly finished them. I
had gone as far as I wished to go in making the
explanatidn I desired to make. All that I have to
say is, that the gentleman [Mr. Dunn] is not
charged with anything by me, unless he construes
that into a charge which was but an expression
of opinion as to the consequences of his course
in relation to the election of Speaker.
Mr. DUNN. A single word, Mr. Clerk, with
the indulgence of the House. If anything in my
remarks had the remotest tendency to suggest to
the mind of any man on this floor or in the world
that I look upon it as even an allowable thing in
any proper sense to resort to brute force in vindi-
cation of right, or in opposition to wrong, except
in obedience to the law of nature, and that is the
law of God, or unless where that brute force is
moved up by the great mandate of human law,
where army meets army, led by their respective
chieftains, in obedience to the commands of their
respective Governments,—if any remark of mine,
I say, has made the impression that I would
sanction, with judgment, a resort to brute force
under other circumstances, I beg the pardon of
all men for having so misled them. What I
might do, in violation of my conviction of duty,
it will be time enough to say when there is a
great calamity upon me. I trust that no such
misfortune ^shall ever come. I should turn from
it—press away from it—struggle to escape it,
as I would from a den of adders, in all excusable
ways. I have no toleration for the thing to
which the gentleman [Mr. Wade] has alluded.
I suppose he alluded to it with the amiable design
of impressing others than me, or those who
heard me, that that is what 1 meant, and that
that is what I want others to understand. Sir,
there is nothing of the spirit of the bully about
me; let me assure the gentleman of that. A kind
Providence gave me my intellect to fight all bat-
tles of this character; and he does not allow that I
should resort to other weapons, except as a defense
to that temple in which, for a season, he has setup
his light, or of something else equally as sacred.
I hope to be able to keep his law, and that I may
have no temptation to do otherwise. That is
what I meant to declare, and did declare. Provi-
dence has given me the moral firmness to abide
by the obligations of duty. That is what I meant
when I referred to my refusing to submit to all
physical impulsion to a courso where duty and
iionor clearly forbade submission or even conces-
sion. As to any other resort, such as the gentle-
man pretends he understood me as referring to, I
repeat, it will be time enough to consider what is
to be done when serious alternatives are presented.
No prudent man will be in haste to say or de-
termine how far he would observe or disregard
ordinary maxims, when he found himself, wholly
without fault on his own part, being driven to
that impassable point where degradation begins. #
No man ought to say in advance what he would
do in such extremity. " Sufficient unto the day
is the evil thereof."
Now, sir, one other thing: The gentleman
[Mr. Wade] said that he did not arraign the
motives of myself and others who have refused to
vote with him. Sir, what he published in that
letter was not enough for him; but, being exposed
in that transaction, he now comes here to repeat
the offense; and yet he says he does not assail
our motives; but he cannot so escape. Itisalcgal
maxim and a just one—that a man is presumed
to intend that, and precisely that, which is the
legitimate consequence of his act. And I ask
who can read that letter of the gentleman, unac-
quainted with the circumstances which have con-
trolled the situation and conduct of members
here,—who I say, can read it, and not be forced to
feel that our conduct was wrong, and so subject
to public condemnation? Taking, then, as a
guide, that legal maxim, the object and effect of
which is to promote justice, and which does pro-
mote it, I have a right to say, and do say, that
the gentleman intended to do me an injury, and
tliat, too, wholly without cause or excuse; and,
as an aggravation of his wrongful act, he has not
borne himself in it as a brave or a just man, but
to do that injury he sought to hide himself under a
fictitious signature. He covers himself from view
