1908
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
August 4,
believes it to be so, the fact that there may be in- |
cidcntal advantages to commerce is no objection, i
In that view I admit the power to be ample, j
plenary, and perfect to every extent; but J say !
that this power is claimed under the right to reg- |
ulate commerce; and these improvements are
avowed by some of their advocates to be for the !
purpose of cheapening the transportation of com- ;
modities. That, I say, is taking money out of the j
fenoral fund paid by the people of the United i
rtates, and putting it into the pockcts of pro- '
ducers who happen to live along the side of those
rivers.
I am told these improvements are valuable.
So a railroad from Maine to Georgia is very valu-
able in time of war; but will anybody contend
that, because it would be useful in time of war,
we -ought to construct il ? Perhaps it would rot
before we had <i war. No prudent man proposes
euch a thing. We have not had a war for forty
years. If we had had a railroad of that kind
during the last war, it would have been of con-
siderable use towards the public defense. Butour
coast is in much less danger than is generally sup-
posed. I believe there were but two points of
our coast in the possession of the British during
the last war for any length of time—Castine, in
the State of Maine, and Amelia Island, in the
State of Florida. The British made predatory
invasions along the coast, and they occupied this
city; but did not permanently have possession of
one foot of the American continent on the Atlan-
tic coast, except the two points which I have
named. They took some forts in the Northwest;
but I am speaking of the Atlantic coast. These
very fortifications were placed in their positions
for the purpose of preventing it; and if they were,
they were put in good places. If a fort is built at
a point to benefit the business of the people, I tell
the Senator from Tennessee it is a perversion of
power, and is unjust and unconstitutional.
Mr. HELL, of Tennessee. I think the Senator
hardly does me justice. Many of these appro-
priations for the lake harbors i know nothing of,
and I think we ought to have a better system for
them; but I have attributed a great deal of that
difficulty to the strenuous opposition which these
improvementshaveeucounteied. I merely wished
to show the Senator that there was just as much
inequality in the appropriations under the defens-
ive power from necessity. 1 did not complain
that the coast was fortified, but I said that forti-
fications were placed at some places where they
■were unnecessary, because of the local expendi-
ture.
Mr. TOOMBS. The difference between the
systems is, that one must necessarily be abused,
and the other must almost necessarily not be. It
is no more the interest of the upper partof Geor-
gia, than Tennessee, to put an unnecessary fort
at the mouth of Savannah river. They have no
more interest m paying for it than Tennessee.
But when we get great bodies of people, includ-
ing fifteen States of this Union, combining to-
gether for their personal interests, the danger is
so great tliat it is almost impossible to resist it;
ana for that reason the wisdom of our fathers
placed great public powers to be used for great
public purposes in this Government, and denied
those that would benefit the pursuits and local
interests of any particular community. There
lies the grand distinction. The framers of the
Constitution, knowing what was necessary and
public, as contradistinguished fiom local and
private, gave the power complained of, concern-
ing the Army, and Navy, and Post OiKcc, and
withheld the power to take money out of the
public Treasury for the local improvement of rivers
and harbors. Such was the judgment, as I have
already shown, of the men of "the Convention
who refused to grant the power. Such was the
opinion of Mr. Jefferson. The Senator has al-
luded to my strong remark of resistance. Mr.
Jefferson, in the protest which he drew up for
Virginia, used almost identically the same lan-
guage as I did. 1 do not claim it to be original
in me. In that protest, speaking of a rupture on
account of such things, lie says:
'• .They would consider such a rupture a.-? anions the
greatest cal.unutcs that could Mall them. There is one
greatei — to u Government of unlimited poweis.
L-ISi vyil,iu lfle *i0Pe or'avoiding this shall become
absolutely desperate, that further foibearance cannot be
indulged."
This was a protest on this power of improve- i
ment; and he declared that the very power now |
in question was null and void in point of right, j
Mr. BELL, of Tennessee. Was not that in
regard to a proposition to construct a road by the !
authority of this Government in a State? j
Mr. TOOMBS. It was in regard to the gen- |
eral system. i
Mr. BELL, of Tennessee. That was origin- ]
ally the general system. I
Mr, *TOOMBS. It was under Mr. Adams's E
administration, when roads and canals, and rivers
and harbors, were altogether. General Jackson
vetoed some bills containing rivers, harbors,
roads, and canals all combined. I have said
before that General Jackson's practice was not
consistent with his theory. If you will look
through his messages, the Maysville road veto
and others, you will find that he denounced the
system m the strongest words he could find in the
English language, as corrupt and corrupting.
Mr. CASS. Allow me to say to the Senator
that General Jackson, in my opinion, was per-
fectly consistent. He never denied the power to
make a river or harbor of a national character,
which national character is the jurisdiction of
Congress over it. It was confined to boats of ten
tons burden, according to the original act of Con-
gress, and was confined to salt water; but Con-
gress afterwards recovered its senses, and ex-
tended the same principle to fresh water.
Mr. TOOMBS. They did not do it, but the
Supreme Court did. The Senator from Michi-
gan has repeatedly defended General Jackson's
consts ency. I have his veto messages before
me, but ic is not necessary to go into them now.
The Senator from Michigan having been a part
of the Administration during these acts may think
it necessary to sustain its consistency; but I say
it cannot be sustained; and I sny that, if here-
after it shall become my duty, I will show its
inconsistency. 1 wish to treat the memory of
General Jackson with great respect; but 1 say
his vetoes of five rivcifand harbor bills are totally
inconsistent with some of those he signed.
Mr. CASS. I shall not argue this question
with the Senator from Georgia: but I wish to read
to him a few sentences from o'ne of the most emi-
nent men we ever had in this country, and let
tAm be my answer to the Senator's argument.
I allude to Mr. Calhoun. 3n his celebrated
Memphis report, after going on to describe the
losses upon the Mississippi river, he says:
" It'there was no other evidence of the vast amount lost,
the hiijh tate ofmsuiauce, which is stated at from twelve
to eitihfoeri pe  cent, per annum on boats, and m reference
to which ihero can be no mateual ciror, would of itself con-
clusively show that the data furnished by the St. houis
statement do not make the annual loss greater than the
reality. The lowest rate per cent, of insurance would in-
dicate a annually of $3,000,000 on the estimated
amount of the eonimeice of the river."
Recollect, this was ten years ago, and we all
know how it has increased since.
v' To thus great loss of property must be added that of
lives hom the hazaid of Us navigation ; but the means for
making an estimate anvrhmg like approaching accuracy,
aie so imperfect that it will not he attempted. It i s known
to be very considerable. The St. Louis statement gives
twenty-one per annum for one hundred and twenty-six
boatSj which would make about one hundred and thirty-
five tor the estimated number of boats now engaged in
navigating the-Mis-isjuppi and its wateis.
''Tins great loss, both of pioperty and life, will go on
progiessively ineiea&mg with the commerce of the valley,
unions something should bo done to render the navigation
ot the nvei more safe. Assuming that its commerce will
keep pace with the increase of population, and that the
h.iKjid wilt continue to be as great as it now is, the annual
lo-:s would be, in all piobability, three times as great at the
end of tiie next twenty, and five times at the end of the
next torty years.
" That the navigation of the uver should be rendered more
safe, and that the pie ent heavy lo«s, and the still heavier
which may be anticipated hereafter, with the increase of its
commciee, be lessened by the removal of the causes of the
danger, if it be practieable, will be readily admitted b\ all
That the principal causes—snags, logs, and locks—can be t
lemovod in pait, or whole, and that their lemoval would
groatly diminish the hazatd of us navigation, and facilitate
its commeiec, is unquestionable. Much, indeed, has been
done ahead), and with highly beneficial results, in remov-
ing the greatest, by fai,of all the cau-es of danger—snags."
So much for the losses on the Mississippi. He !
says further;
" Having now shown the vast and rapidly increasing
value of the commerce of the Mississippi, including its
tnbutaiies, the very gieat losses to which u is subject, the
practicability of lemovmg the puncipal causes oi them, and
thereby gieatly increase the safety and facihtv of its nav-
igation, your committee are brought to the impoitant ques-
tion, by whom are they to be removed? or, to express it
more broadly and fully, who has the power, and whose duty
is it, to improve the navigation of the Mississippi and the
great tiihutai ie<s ?"
It is to be observed that, with his usual frank-
ness, Mr. Calhoun here meets the question
directly and plainly.
" It is certainly not that of individuals. Its improve-
ment is beyond the reach of their means and power. Nor
is it that of the several States bordering on its navigable
waters; it is also beyond their means and power, acting
separately. Nor can it be done by their united and joint
action. There aie sixteen States, and two Territories that
soon will bo States, lying either wholly, or partly, withm
the valley of the Mississippi; and there still is ample space
for several more. These all have a common interest in its
commerce. Theirunited arid joint action would be requisite
for the improvement of its navigation. But the only means
by which that could be obtained is expressly prohibited by
the tenth section, first article, of the Constitution, which
piovides that 'NoState shall enter into any treaty, alliance,
or confederation.' But if neither individuals, nor States
acting separately, or jointly, have the power to improve its
navigation, it must belong to the Federal Government, if
the powei exists at all, as there is no other agency or au-
thority in our system of Government by which it could be
oxeicised. But if it does, it must be compnsed among tne
expressly granted and enumerated powers, or among those
necessary and proper to carry them into effect, as under the
one or the other all the powers belonging to it are to be
found. And thus the question is presented for consider-
ation, Is it to be found in either? The decision involves
important consequences. If it is not, then this great branch
of our commerce—already among the greatest, and des-
tined in a short time far to exceed every other—will be left
exposed to the great hazard and. enormous losses to which
it has been shown to be subjected, without any power in
the system, anywhere, to provide for its safety, although
millions might be annually saved by a comparatively small
cxpendituie,as expeiience has proved. Whether such be
the case or not, your committee will next proceed to con-
sider.
" Whether the Federal Government possesses the power
or not, it is certain it has heretofore acted on the supposi-
tion that it did, as the numerous acts of Congress for the
improvement of the navigation of the Mississippi, including
its principal tributaries, abundantly piove."
He then goes on to show why the States can-
not do it; and concludes:
u Having now shown that the power to raise money, and
to appiopnate and expend it, is confined to carrying into
execution the delegated powers, it lemains to be considered
whether there is any power delegated to the Federal Gov-
ernment, the carrying of which into execution would
authouze appropriations and expenditures for the improve-
ment of the navigation of the Mississippi, and us waters ?
" Yom committee, after full and mature consideration of
the subject, aie of the opinion that there is ; and that it is to
be found in the power ' to regulate commeice with toreign
nations, and among the several States,' and more specific
ally in that to regulate it among the States."
One more clause, and f shall have done. I will
confess frankly my object in reading it. The
honoiable Senator from Georgia has treated the
question with great ability, and I want the same
vehicle that carries his remarks to the public to
send out the opinions and views of Mr. Calhoun,
whose authority is vastly better than mine. He
says:
" But there is not the least probability that Congress will
ever abandon the exercise of the power. It has not only
the right, as has been shown, but it is its duty to exercise
it  
I believe with Mr. Calhoun, that it is the duty
of Congress to exercise the power.
Mr, SEWARD. "What is the date of that
report ?
Mr. CASS. Eighteen hundred and forty-six;
ten years ago. What was good doctrine then in
principle, is good now.
Mr. TOOMBS. I opposed it then, and do yet.
Mr. CASS. If it is the duty of Congress to
remove these obstructions, that answers the great
argument of the honorable Senator, who says it
is the duty of Congress to make a fort, and there-
fore they must make it without regard to equality
in expenditure. I say it is their duty, under the
power to regulate commerce, of which navigation
is a part, to remove obstructions to rivers and
harbors whenever they are needed in the country,
without reference to equality in the expenditure.
I laid by the veto of Mr. Pierce in 1854, in which
he says expressly, that the people of the country
are determined to have these river and harbor
improvements, and will have them, and many of
them they ought to have. Here is his language:
" Public opinion, with regard to the value and import-
ance oi internal improvements m the country, is undivided.
There is a disposition on all hands to have them prosecuted
with eneigy, and to see the benefits sought to bu attained
by them fully realized."
Mr. PUGH. I wish to speak about two min-
utes; and I should not say a word if the Senator
from Georgia had given me a respectful answer
to a respectful question.
Mr. TOOMBS. I had no purpose to give the
