1856.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
309
by taking a false name, and then sends his impu-
tation to a distance, among strangers, to do evil,
so that ho may not be detected, and brought to
exposure and shame. Even thus secure, accord-
ing to his own interpretation of his letter now,
(if what he says means anything,J he did not
intend to make any directly or tangibly offensive
charge. No; not that. What he wrote was no
more than a shivering insinuation. That does not
help the case. It makes it worse, far worse. It
was not the deed of a true man; but I say he was
not content with that, for, after answering his col-
league [Mr. Campbell] this morning, now that
he Is seen, gathering courage from his necessity,
he turns round and reads me a lecture. He reas-
serts in substance and enlarges upon that which
he had before covertly and secretly sent home to
his constituents, for circulation there and else-
where—showing a desire to injure, but an unwill-
ingness to answer for it. But for his having done
this, Mr. Clerk, I should not have troubled the
House or trespassed upon its kind indulgence,
to which I have been so often indebted; for I have
no respect for the hand which, however concealed
or wrapt in darkness, still trembles while it stabs.
Allow me to thank gentlemen for their indul-
gence on this occasion and all others, and to say
that I trust the future will enable me to dismiss
forever this subject of discussion, as disgusting to
me in itself as its occasionis vile.
Mr. BENNETT, of Mississippi. Mr. Clerk,
I desire to state that I have but little sympathy
with the anti-Nebraska quarrel now on hand
with members. I merely wish to state, so far
as allusion has been made to my name not being
recorded on the 16th instant, .that I requested my
colleague, when my name was called, to make
known to the House that my absence was in
consequence of indisposition. This statement
was made; and any allusion, either by newspaper
scribblers or members on thks floor, I am unwilling
to take any notice of; but leave them to enjoy all
the consequences that may result from their own
infamy.
I regret, for many reasons, that ill health has
prevented me, for many days, from occupying
my place in the House. Important propositions
have been submitted, on which 1 would have been
pleased to have recorded my vote.
Among other propositions was that of reading
the President's message, which was laid on the
table, and stigmatized by members on this floor
as an act of public indecency on the part of the
President, in presenting it to Congress in its un-
organized condition. It was not necessary, sir,
for the President to have delayed longer for the
organization of this House, for the discharge of
a constitutional duty resting upon him. And,
sir, I must say that, however much I may respect
the members of this House, the charge of public
indecency' could, with thrice more force, be
charged upon this House, than the President for
the faithful and prompt discharge of his consti-
tutional duty.
But, sir, in defiance of the will of this House,
that message has gone forth to the country, and
has met everywhere with the hearty response of
every American heart. Sir, the President in that
message stands forth with the Constitution in his
hand, and, in language too plain to be misunder-
stood, declares that the measure due to each por-
tion of this Confederacy shall with fidelity and
good faith be meted out to all—knowing no North,
no South, no East, no West.
I take this public occasion, sir, in the name of
my constituents, to tender to the President my
gratitude and thanks for the sentiments in that
message that meet the approbation of my judg-
ment and the cordial approval of my heart—sen-
timents, sir, that I feel sure will receive the re-
sponse of every southern heart, and should receive
the approval of every lover of this Union.
Mr. STEWART obtained the floor, and pre-
sented a resolution to the House.
Mr. BRENTON. I desire to say a word by
way of personal explanation.
Mr.. STEWART. I will withdraw my resolu-
tion until the gentleman has given his explanation.
Mr. BRENTON. Mr. Clerk, the attack, per-
sonal in its character, which has been made upon
me through the public press, and which has been
alluded to upon the floor of the House to-day,
lias called round me a number of friends, who
desired to know whether it was my intention to
rest silent under the itnputations heaped upon
me, without some attempt to repel them.
I have simply to say to the House.at this time,
that I desire to give a fair opportunity to those
who have assailed me, t& set me right before the
country. ' Upon their failing to do so, however,
I give notice that I shall, at a proper time, avail
myself of my privileges, as a member of this
House and as an American citizen, to meet
whatever has been said, or whatever may be said,
in regard to my course here or in regard to my
character.
I give this notice now, that those who have ex-
pected that I should defend myself may be assured
that I am not willing to rest under the charges
that have been made; nor am I willing that those
who have thus assailed me shall not have an op-
portunity of putting me right, if they are disposed
to do so. If not, I shall then avail myself of my
rights to defend upon this floor my character and
my course.
Mr. STEW ART. I submit the following reso-
lution:
Resolved, That, inasmuch as the directions of the act of
the Congress of the United States, entitled " An act to reg-
ulate tile lime and manner of administering certain oaths,"
passed at the first session, cannot be cariied out, and do not
seem to apply to the existing condition of this House, and,
under the circumstances, the third clause of the sixth arti-
cle of the Constitution of the United States ought, m the
spirit of thatclause, to be religiously observed, the Clerk of
this House ij h'ereby directed to administer the oath or af-
firmation to each member of this House to support the Con-
stitution of the United States, in the form pi-escribed by the
first section of the said statute of 1789, chapter 1.
I merely desire to say to the House, that in
times like these, when disorder seems to reign, if>
is advisable that we should go strictly according
to the requirements of the Constitution of the
United States.
Now, sir, I hold that the act of 1789, which is
the authority for the established usage in this
respect, is not applicable to cases of this sort—
cases such as that embraced in the resolution
which I have had the honor to offer. It is clearly,
to my mind, a casus omissus. At the time of the
passage of that act, no man in his senses could
have contemplated such a state of things as now
exists. The Constitution of the United States, in
the sixth article and third clause, requires all offi-
cers, State and National, to takean oath to support
the Constitution of the United States. But the
act of 1789, which was the first law passed by the
Congress of the United States after the adoption
of the Constitution, provides that a Speaker, when
chosen, shall be sworn by some member of the
House, and shall then proceed to administer the
oath to the various members. That act, however,
apprehend, contemplated only cases where a
Speaker should be immediately chosen on the
first day of the session. But, sir, we have now
been in session some seven or eight weeks, and
we are attempting to transact business tojomc
extent—quasi business, at least—m disregard of
that provision of the Constitution which requires
that we shall first take an oath to support that
Constitution.
I do not mean to intimate that members, with-
out having taken that oath, would feel themselves
at liberty to act in disregard of the guarantees
and sanctions of the Constitution. I do not de-
sign to intimate, that they will not endeavor to
discharge their duties properly; but, nevertheless,
as this sanction has been required by the Consti-
tution of the United States, and inasmuch as the
act of 1789 clearly does not meet the exigencies
of the present state of things, and forasmuch as
the Constitution is the paramount law, and is
obligatory upon this House, the proposition—
which I apprehend will not be disputed by any
member upon this floor who is learned in the
law—presents itself, that under the sixth act of
the Constitution, and third clause, which makes
it obligatory upon all officers, State and National,
to take an oath to support the Constitution of the
United States, we are bound, in the present state
of things, to take the oaths required of us, in the
manner prescribed in the resolution I have offered,
or in some other manner.
The resolution declares that the oath shall be
administered m the form prescribed by the act of
1789. I think it will occur to the members of the
House that, if we intend not to disregard the obli-
gations of the Constitution, it behooves all those
at least who hold to a strict construction of that
instrument, and who are for carrying out in good
faith all its requirements, to take some course
of action for discharging those duties which the
Constitution of the United States seems plainly
and imperatively to require. - - ;
The act of. 1789 is in itself, in somfe of i«
features, a rather singular statute. The Consti-s.
tution requires all officers, State and National', |d
take the oath; but the a<#of 1789 requires the-
Speaker, after he is elected, to administer the okth
to the other members. Why, sir, we are per-'
forming a high and grave official act in the elec- '
tion of a Speaker, and I cannot think that .that
act would have been spread upon the statute-book,
except upon the supposition at the time that the
Speaker would be elected upon the very first day
of the session, and then that he should at once
proceed to administer the oath to the other mem-
bers, so that the acts should be somewhat simul-
taneous, and so considered.
But, sir, in the present condition of the House
—in this unprecedented state of things, when we
have no law to guide us except the act of 1789,
and that act is certainly inapplicable to us, I hold j
that the Constitution of the United States as the j
paramount la%v, should be our guide, and that the ^
oath required to be taken by the sixth article, and *
third clause of that instrument, should be admin-,
istered to the members of this House. Having dis- #
charged what I conceived to be a solemn duty, in
calling the attention of the members to this matter,
I submitthe resolution to the superiorjudgmentof
tte House. The resolution directs the Clerk. I
have looked at the proceedings of the First Con-
gress of the United States, and b-y a simple resolu-
tion, adopted pievious to the passage of the act of
1789, the members of the House of Represent-
atives were sworn in; and it is now competent,
for the purpose of electing a Speaker and organ-
ization, to empower the Clerk, or any other offi-
cer that we may think proper, to administer the
oath or affirmation which is prescribed by the
Constitution.
Such is the purport of the resolution which I
have the honor to submit. I have deemed it my
duty, according to my apprehension of the obli-
gations imposed on me by that instrument, and
looking to the act of 1789, which does reach this
case, to offer the proposition which I have done.
t say that, under the Constitution of the United
States, each member should proceed to take the
oath or affirmation in pursuance of the article to
which I have called attention. With this view,
I ask a vote on the resolution.
The question was put, and the Clerk declared t
that in his opinion the negative had it.
Mr. STE WART. I demand the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
The question was taken; and the resolution
was rejected.
VOTE FOR SPEAKER.
The House then proceeded to vote the one
hundred and twenty-eighth time for Speaker,
with the following result: Whole number of votes
cast, 206; necessary to a choice, 104; of which—
Nathaniel P. Banks received   
James L. Orr  "7
Henry M. Fuller  •> 
John R.    3
Alexander C. M. Pennington 
John Williams  J
Thomas li. Hairis    1
So there was 110 choice.
The following is the vote in detail:
For Mr. Banks — Messrs. Albright, Allison, Barbour,
Henry Bennett, Benson, Billmghurst, Bingham, Bishop,
Bliss, Brad^haw, Brcnton, Bulfington, Burhngamc, James
H. Campbell, Lewis D. Campbell, Chaffee, Ezra Clark,
Colfax, Comins, dawson, Cragm, Cnmback, Damrell,
Timothy Davis, Day, Dean, De Witt, Dick, Dickson, Dodd,
Durfee, Edie, Giddmgs, Gilbert, Granger, Grow, Robert B.
Hall, Ilarlan, Holloway, Thomas R. Horton, Valentine B.
Horton, Howaul, KeUev, King, Knapp, Knight, Knowlton,
Knox, Kunkel, Leitei, Mace. Matteson, MeCany, Meacli-
am, Killian Miller, Morsan, Morrill, Mott, Murray, Nich-
ols, Not ton, Andrew Oliver, Parker, Pelton, Perry, Pettit,
Pike, Pnngle, Purvianee, Ritchie, Robbins, Roberts, Sabm,
Sapp, Sherman, Simmons, Spinner, Stanton, Strajiahan,
Tanpan, Tlionngton, Thurston, Todd, Trafton, Tyson,
Wade, Wakeman, Walbndge, Waldron, Cadwalader C.
Washburne, Ellihu B. Washburne, Israel Washburn, Wat-
son, Welch, Wood, Woodruff, and Woodworth.
For Mr. Orr — Messrs Aiken, Barclay, Barksdale, Bell,
Hendley S. Bennett, Bocock, Boyce, Branch, Burnett,
Cadwalader,' Carutiiers, Ca kie, Clmgman, Howell Cobb,
Williamson R. W. Cobl?, Davidson, DowdelL Edmundson,
Elliott, English, Florence, Thomas J. D. Fuller, Goode,
Greenwood, Augustus Hall, Sampson W. Harris, Thomas
T, Harris, Herbert, Houston, Jewett, George W. Jones, J.
Glanev Jones, Kelly, Kidwell, Letcher, Lumpkin, Samuel
S. Marshall, Maxwell, MeMullin, McQueen, Smith Miller,
