1856.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1909
Senator a disrespectful answer; but I did not
choose to go into the argument of an incidental
power when I was speaking of an entirely dif-
ferent general power. I did not think it germane
to my argument.
Mr. PUGH. My object was to direct the Sen-
ator's attention, as he was on the subject, to a
proposition which I deemed worthy of hisconsid-
eration. I agree with him as to the power to
erect fortifications; but I wanted to find where he
derived it. It cannot be derived from the clause
to raise and support an army; that does not in-
clude fortifications. We can keep an army in
the field for twenty years without a fortification.
We do not need it for that purpose. The power
comes under another clause altogether. Congress
has authority " to lay and collect taxes, duties,
imposts, and excises, to pay the debts, and pro-
vide for the common defense and general wel-
fare."
That clause has been the subject of serious
debate, though 1 think it may be said to be now
generally settled. It is a power to lay and collect
duties in order to pay the debts, and provide for
the common defense and general welfare of the
United States. It is under the indivisible power
of providing for the common defense, that we
make these appropriations; but the power to levy
taxes to provide for the general welfare is just as
general and just as indivisible.
Now, what is " the general welfare," within
the meaning of this clause ? The other specific
powers that are contained in the Constitution,
and which follow. That is the true definition.
It is not to be used in any enlarged sense; but the
designations of power embrace the "general wel-
fare" of the Constitution, and among them, in the
section to which the Senator alluded, is:
"To regulate commerce witli foreign nations,and among
thfi seveiii) States, and with the Indian tribes."
It was for the purpose of possessing the Sena-
tor from Georgia of my proposition of the mean-
ing of the Constitution that I sought to interrupt
him, but I assure him not with any disposition
to draw him into a collateral question; but I did
think, though his disclaimer is satisfactory, that
he supposed I had some improper object m view.
Mr. TOOMBS. Oh, no.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, and was read the third time.
On its passage,
Mr. TOOMBS called for the yeas and nays;
and they were ordered; and being taken, resulted
—yeas 25, nays 12; as follows:
YEAS—Messta. Allen, Bell of N>w IT.mip<hirp, Bell of
Tennessee, Bigler, Bright, Ca^s, Coihuner, Cutt-uiden,
Dodge, Durkee, t'essendea, Fi?h, Foster, Gever, Harlan,
James, Jone- of Iowa, Pir^li. Seward, Stuart, Trumbull,
Wade, VVeller, Wilson, arid VVnsht-t-Oi.
NAYS—Messrs. Btjnrs,. Biodhead, Brown, Butler, Clav,
Fitzpatriek, Houston, Hunter, Mallory, Held, Toombs, and
Yul<-e—J 2.
So the bill was passed.
MESSAGE FROM THE HOUSE.
A message from the House of Representatives,
by Mr. Barclay, Assistant Clerk, announced that
they had passed a bill to provide for carrying into
execution the fiist article of the treaty between
the United States and Her Majesty the duccn of
the United Kinedom of Great Britain and Ireland,
of June 15, 1846.
Also, that they had passed tile bill of the Sen-
ate to amend an act, entitled " An act to establish
a court for the investigation of claims of the
United States;" without amendment.
rock river rapids.
The Senate proceeded to consider, as in Com-
mittee of the Whole, the bill (S. No. 71) to con-
tinue the improvement of the Des Moines and
Rock river rapids m the upper Mississippi.
The lull, as introduced by Mr. Jones, of Iowa,
provided for the appropriation of $200,000 to
continue the improvement of the Des ivJoines and
the Rock river rapids in the Mississippi river.
The Committee on Commerce proposed to re-
duce the amount from jj'200,000 to §50.000.
Mr. PUGH. We have passed a House bill
for the purpose, and I therefore move to lay the
bill on the table.
Mr. JONES, of Iowa. The gentleman is mis-
taken. That bill did not make any appropria-
tion for the R-jck river rapids. It was for the
Deo Moines rapids.
Mr. PUGH. I withdraw my motion.
Mr. JONES, of Iowa. I move to amend by
striking out the words •' the Des Moines and."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. JONES, of Iowa. I now move to strike
out $200,000 and insert $100,000, so that it will
be an appropriation of $100,000 for the Rock
river rapids,
Mr. BIGGS. If I understood the Secretary in
reading, there was an amendment proposed by
the Committee on Commerce to this bill, to re-
duce it from $200,000 to $50,000. I suppose the
first question will be on the amendment proposed
by the Committee on Commerce.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Senator
from Iowa moves to insert $100,000; on which,
being the largest amount, the question will be
first put.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Before voting on this
question I should like to have some explanation
from the Senator from Iowa. The bill, as re-
ported, appropriates $50,000 for the Des Moines
and Rock river rapids. We have passed a bill
from the House appropriating, I think, $200,000
for the Des Moines rapids, and now it is pro-
posed to insert $100,000 for the Rock river rapids
alone. I should like to have some explanation.
Mr. JONES, of Iowa. Under the surveys and
estimates made by the then lieutenant, now Colo-
nel Lee, of the United States Army, who is as
skillful in his hneof service as any man in Amer-
ica, he recommended that §300,-000 should be
appropriated to the improvement of these rapids.
The gentleman in charge of the work at present,
Major Floyd, says $100,000 can be economically
expended m the improvement of the Rock river
rapids, this year, and asked §200,000 for the
lower or Des Moines rapids. There are ten points
as surveyed by Lieutenant Lee, which require to
be cut off to make the navigation of the Rock river
rapids of the Mississippi river at Rock Island per-
fect, and to render the river moie convenient and
more easily navigated than at any other point for
its whole length. The points which jut out in
the shape of an elbow arc to be cut olf, and there
are ten of them. If $100,000 is appropriated now,
I have every reason to believe, from the report of
Major Floyd, that the improvement can be made
within the next year, before the 30th of June,
J857. It may as well be done now, as to con-
tinue it longer by small appropriations. The
reason why the officer m charge of this improve-
ment asks for the increase is, because contracts
can be made by the direction or under the sanc-
tion of the Secretary of War, for removing these
obstructions by boring holes into the rocks by
steam instead of by hand, as was heretofore the
case. Fifty thousand dollars is as much as could
be expended on both rapids under the old system
of hand labor. Major Floyd says now, in his
report to the Department, that $100,000 will be
sufficient for this year, for the Rock river rapids.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I ask for the yeas and
nays on the amendment.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. &LAY. I do not sec any objection to
voting this amount, if we are to be bound by the
estimates of the engineeis. Theie is a great deal
of noise made about this appropriation because it
exceeds by double the amount recommended by
the Committee on Commerce. 1 confess that
objection does not hold good with me at all, be-
cause we have seen that they have sometimes
exceeded the estimates of the engineers; we have
seen that when the engineers asked one sum the
committee have voted double Why, then, should
any objection be made on that score J There is
one thing that may be said in favor of tins appro-
priation that cannot be said about others. In other
cases we were assured that the sums which were
appropriated, exceeding the amount asked by the
board of engineers, would complete the work;
that was the apology which was offered for ex-
ceeding their estimates, in this case, however, the
engineer or the local agent—i do not know which
}ie js—reports that it will take $1,343,000 to com-
plete this work. Then, I ask, why should the
advocates of this scheme of improvement stickle
about $100,000, and complain of that? 11is true
the committee only reported $50,000, but that was
with the understanding that we should continue
from year to year to appropriate £50,000 or
$100,000, until we got up to this amount. Give
th«?m $100,000, and perhaps we shall notbe asked
for that amount next year. I think the supporters
of these measures should not hesitate at all to vote
the $100,000.
Mr.STUART. As the Senator from Alabama
is a member of the committee, I would be glad
if he would refer me to the cases to which 'he
alludes, where the committee reported double the
amount of the estimates.
Mr. CLAY. In the case which the Senator
advocated the other day, where he asked an ap-
propriation^ $10,000, and the estimate was for
$4,500 or $5,400, I forget which. I can refer the
Senator to the case, but I cannot call it by name
now.
Mr. STUART. I recollect that case, and made
an explanation at the time of the. principle upon
which the committee acted. The amount then
asked for was the amount originally estimated.
There had been an appropriation made, and a
part of it expended; but the committee were of
opinion that the amount of the original estimate
would be necessary to continue the work. That
is that case. There is one other case, in which a
bill was reported for Monroe harbor above the
estimate, and was amended, on my motion, by
leducing it to the estimate. The committee rec-
ommended $50,000, because, according to the
estimates made in prior years, $50,000 was the
amount necessary; but on the subsequent esti-
mate, m subsequent years, we amended that bill
by reducing the amount of appropriation. Here
the committee recommended $50,000, because,
I according to the estimate made m prior years,
' $50,000 was sufficient, and there was asubsoquent
estimate for a larger amount. That explains this
case. I do not Seem it very important; but I
think that, when the action of the committee is
considered, the ground on which it has acted
ought to be fairly understood by the Senate.
in regard to this bill, I wish to make a sug-
gestion to my friend from Iowa. I want to have
him act, if I may ask him to do it, with some-
what of the feeling with which I acted on another
bill. The Senator from Tennessee [Mr, Bell]
appealed to me to lay aside one of the most im-
portant improvements on Lake Michigan, and I
did so. Now, wc have nvide an appropriation
by a bill already passed, of $200,000 for the Des
Monies rapids, which are in this vicinity, in the
Mississippi river.
Mr. JONES, of Iowa. It is a hundred miles
below this.
Mr. STUART. We have made an appropri-
ation of $300,000 at the mouth of the river, thus
making half a million for the Mississippi river.
Then we, to-day, passed another appropriation
for the same river. Now, I only want to suggest
to him, whether, under the circumstances, he
had not better let the bill be passed by?
Mr. JONES, of Iowa. Without making any
appropriation ?
Mr. STUART. Yes; without making any
appropriation.
Mi. JONES, of Iowa. No. I reside in the
neighborhood, and was a Delegate from the Ter-
ritory of Iowa when on appropriation was first
made for these rapids. I know, of my own
knowledge, that the Black Hawk war, which was
put an end to through the energy skill, and
bravery of the Senator from Wisconsin, [Mr.
Dodge,] would not have existed but for the fact
that these rapids were in the Mississippi river.
I was at that time myself a passenger on the river
i when General Atkinson, of the Army, who was
| ordered fiom JefTeison barracks to repair to the
1 s.-at of war for the purpose of securing Black
j I-Iawk, was detained some ten days or two weeks
| at rhese rapids before he could get to where Black
j Hawk was encamped with las forces. From
i Rock Island, in the State of Illinois, at the foot
J of these rapids, where 1 am now asking the ap-
i propnations, he made his escape to the bwamps
ot Illinois and Wisconsin; and the consequence
' was, a war which cost the Government a great
many more thousand dollars than the removal of
these rapids would have cost.
Nobody can doubt the nationality of this work.
If any country is entitled to an appropriation for
the removal of obstructions in the navigation of
rivers, it is the country now ahkunr for this im-
provement. We ot the mining country have
paid more money into theTreasuiy of the United
State, as a special tax levied on us for working
the lead mines—a thing that was never exacted
