1856.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1085
called to theattention of the country, and brought
under the control of this House. I regard this
vote as one great means of doing it; ana on that
ground, entirely irrespective of the merits or
demerits of the bill, I shall vote, so that my vote
shall say that those words do not amount to
an appropriation of money payable out of the
Treasury of the United States. And then the
officers of this, or any other Administration will
solve this doubt as they have heretofore, if they
dare!
Mr. CLINGMAN. 1 will not occupy much
of the time of the House. I merely wish to
show what is the point made by the gentleman
from Maryland, and what force there is in it. If
I understand him, he takes the position that the
language of this bill is not identical with that of
the precedents which have been cited. J think
it is stronger. The language in one of these pre-
cedents is, " shall be entitled to receive" from
the Treasury, not that they shall bo " paid." In
this case the language is that the claimants shall
be entitled to be paid; and I think it is equally
decisive. But the gentleman says that, even if
this were the identical language, the money could
not be paid under it. Let us see what are the
facts. For the past twenty or thirty years we have
passed acts similar in phraseology to the one now
under consideration, and the accounting officers
of the Treasury have gone on and paid the money
under them.
Mr. DAVIS. There were only two cases cited
by my friend from Missouri. Where are the
others ?
Mr. CLINGMAN. One is as far back as 1832
—twenty-four years ago. A law similar to this
one was passed in 1832; and, ever since, the offi-
cers of the Department have gone on and made
payments under it. We know that such is the case.
Suppose this bill is passed, and they make pay-
ments under it? The gentleman from Maryland
says: " You are wrong. Before making the pay-
ments you ought to have looked at my speech in
the Globe. You ought to have been governed by
the rule there laid down." Mr. Whittlesey,
Mr. Speaker, is not accustomed to look to the
speeches of members, or even to reports of com-
mittees, in the construction of laws. But for
twenty-four years the Treasury has been paying
money under acts similar to this, and never yet
has there been an effort to impeach anybody for
it. There has never been an act passed to say
that the practice was wrong. How could the
officers of the Treasury be expected to reverse the
precedents for twenty or thirty years on the
strength of a speech of any member on a collat-
eral question of order? Yet that is the position
of the gentleman from Maryland. These officers
are to execute the law. Let us look at the matter.
Congress passes an act; it goes beforo the courts,
and they construe it: next year Congress, with a
full knowledge of the construction put on ihe law,
passes another in similar terms. Is it not to be
expected that the courts will cary it out in the
same way r These accounting officers are to exe-
cute the law. They stand m the position of a
court. They are not in the habit of going to the
Supreme Court to ascertain whether or not under
certain language they may pay out money. They
stand in tin1 position of a court, and put their
own construction on the law; therefore, when
they have put a certain construction on our acts,
what right have we to suppose they will not put
the same construction in the future ? That is the
point I make.
The gentleman says that only two laws have
been referred to. Very well; on his side let him
show even one. He is too good a lawyer to hold
that, where two decisions of the Supreme Court
are offered in support of a particular view, and he
cannot present one in opposition, therefore he is
entitled to invalidate them.
Again, a letter has been read from Mr. Whit-
tlesey, the person, I presume, who will have to
construe this bill if it passes, and he tells us
frankly that under it he will be bound to pay the
money. I so understood him to say, though I
did not hear distinctly when the paper was read.
My object was not so much to call attention to
the particular language of the precedents, as to
show that there was nothing in the speech of the
gentleman from Maryland to overrule them. I
now yield the floor.
Mr. OUR. Mr. Speaker, I am saved the
necessity of replying to some of the observations
of the gentleman from Maryland by what has
just fallen from the gentleman from North Car-
olina^ The gentleman from Maryland says the
question is, whether the accounting officers of the
Treasury are to take their law from this House,
or this House is to take its law from those ac-
counting officers? That is not the question.
It is thi&: A bill is reported couched in certain
phraseology. The point of order is made upon
that phraseology, that the bill must, under the
rules of the House, go first fox consideration to
the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union. And why? Because it makes an appro-
priation. And those who take exception to the
decision of the Speaker go back and find you
act after act and precedent after precedent, show-
ing that, under the language employed by the
two Houses of Congress—it is true not precisely
the same language, but language identical in sub-
stance with the language contained in this bill—
the accounting officers now, and for the last thirty
years past, have construed such language to mean
an appropriation. And it is upon that that those
who take exception to the decision of the Speaker
predicate their reliance for having that decision
reversed.
The gentleman quotes a case from the Supreme
Court of the United States exactly in point. I
submit to the gentleman from Maryland, whom I
know not only to be a good lawyer, but a very
able lawyer, that there is no analogy in the cases
which he puts. Hesays,that in aease inwhich
Congress directed that credit should be given to a
certain officer or person on his account, the Court
decided that such an act did not entitle lum to
draw money out of the Treasury. I suppose that
was a very correct decision, and for this reason—
the very fact that Congress authorized a credit to
be entered upon his account showed that at the time
of the passage of the act Congress believed that
an indorsement of credit would not be sufficient
to meet the liability to which that person was
chargeable, and upon which the credit was to be
entered; and if ititurncd out that the credit was the
larger, it would be necessary to go back to Con-
gress to authorize him to receive it.
Another thing. The gentleman threw out the
remark, that the deficiency bill which we have
had before us lately is conclusive evidence to tile
House that there should be some greater account-
ability required of these officers of the Govern-
ment, of the manner in which they perform their
duties. I think so, too, and for that reason I de-
sire that this bill shall lie committed to the Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union.
For the siune reason I desiie that doubtful
language shall not be sent to those officers to be
construed, when we all know, by thirty years'
experience, what that construction will be.
Mr. DAVIS. I entirely concur with the gentle-
man from South Carolina that the words should
not be allowed to stand in the bill. My theory is,
that the vote now to be taken may leave it to be
inferred, if we do not sustain the decision of the
Chair, that these words, in the opinion of the
House, amount to an appropriation, and I wish
to exclude that conclusion.
Mr. ORR. My friend is too good a lawyer to
insist gravely before any tribunal that he can go
back to the debates preceding the passage of a law,
for the purpose of construinc the language.
Mr. DAVIS. No, sir; the vote, not the de-
bate.
Mr. ORR. The vote has nothing to do with it.
The gentleman relies upon the decision of the
Speaker here—for what? To control the account-
ing officers of the Treasury. The accounting
officers of the Treasury have no right to look to
anything but to the act itself.
Mr. DAVIS. I wish to refer the gentleman to
what my friend from Missouri quoted from Mr.
Whittlesey's letter, in regard to the debates on
one of the bills of this House, that in regard to
the salary of the Governor of New Mexico I
believe, showing that, in construing that law, he
referred to those debatGS to discover the intention
of Congress.
Mr. ORR. I was not present at that time, and
did not hear the letter read to which the gentle-
man refers. But let me say in reply, that Mr.
Whittlesey may have done so; but it is under-
stood that he is a pretty severe customer as an
accounting officer. I ask the gfentlcman if beforo
any legal tribunal he could refer to the debates,
preceding the passage of a bill for its interpreta-.
tion ?
Mr. DAVIS. Sometimes, in a caso of.doubt,,
to explain. It has been done repeatedly in the
construction of the Constitution.
Mr. ORR. Then, according to the gentleman
argument, he relies upon your decision here being,
sustained by the House, as reversing and over.-,
ruling the consistent decisions of the Treasury
Department for the last thirty years in all similar
cases. But I will show, by the law I have before
me, that language almost identical with that em-
ployed in this bill is construed in the way in
which I insist this law will be. The act passed
on the 3d of March, 1849, providing for the pay-
ment of horses and other property lost or de-
stroyed in the military service, contains nearly
these identical words. The fourth section of that;
act, the latter part of which I particularly desire-
the attention of the House to, is in this language:
"That in all adjudications of said auditor of the claims
above-mentioned, whether such judgment be in favor of or
adverse to the claimant, shall be entered in a book.provided
by him for that purpose, and under bis direction; and when
such judgment shall be m favor of such claim, the claimant
or his legal representatives shall be entitled to the amount
thereof upon the pioduetion of a copy thereof, certified by
said auditor, at tile Treasury of the United States."
Now, sir, here is the very word which the gen-
tleman from Maryland undertakes to criticise.,
and which he declares could not take money from
the Treasury—the word " entitled," which is the.
very language employed in this act, passed in
March, 1849; and when we go back and look to
the expenditures under that law from 1849 down
to the present time, we find that not a single dol-
lar has been appropriated otherwise by the two
Houses of Congress, and that accounts have been
paid pursuant to that act of Congress. It cannot
be gamsayed; and however apt the gentleman's
argument may be, however forcible his arguments
might be before the auditor, before the comptroller,
or before the Secretary of the Treasury himself,
they are of no avail here. If the gentleman were to
go before them, he might say that this is not an
appropriation, and his argument would be very
good for that purpose, but we quote the prece-
dents of thirty years in opposition to that state-
ment.
But before I procccd in the consideration of
that matter further, I desire to quote here the
exact language of the present bill:
Which paid certificate shall entitle the person or persons
named tlxifin, or the legal holder thereof 10 be paid the
smn also named therein, on presentation ot said certificate
ai the Treasury."
Almost the identical language employed in the
act. of 1849. This bill goes even further, and it
makes these certificates negotiable. It entitles
the holder of the certificate to receive, at the
Treasury of the United States, the sum which
the certificate calls for.
Mr. SEWARD. Will the gentleman tell me
when the money was appropriated to pay for
those horses?
M1-. ORR. Not a dollar has been appropriated
except by the act of 1849 itself.
Mr. SEWARD. Was there ever any other
appropriation made ?
Mr. ORR. Never.
Mr. SEWARD. I ask the gentleman if thoro
is a dollar appropriated in this act itself, and, if
so, will he tell me how much?
Mr. ORR. In the act I have just read ?
Mr. SEWARD. Yes; how much was appro-
priated in it?
Mr. ORR. This is just one of that description
of bills which I have warred upon in this House,
and which I shall continue to war upon. It is
one of those general appropriations which may
cover one million or twenty millions of dollars.
That is the objection; and this section here covers
whatever amount of money can be brought within
the provisions of the act. That is the objection
to this sort of appropriation. So it is with the
bill now under consideration. It gives just as
many dollars as are necessary to pay these claims.
If the bill passes, the Secretary of the Treasury
will pay them, just as he did under this act of
1849.
Now, that there may be no mistake on this
subject, gentlemen may refer to the estimates of
the Secretary of tire Treasury; and they will find
