800
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[April 2,
34th Cong.... 1st Sess.
Our Relations with England—Mr. Fessenden.
Senate.
within the limits of such county. Both master
and slave would be starved out; and what would
be the practical effect in any one county, the same
result would happen to all the slaveholding States.
Slavery cannot be confined within certain speci-
fied limits without producing the destruction of
both master and slave; it requires fresh lands,
plenty of wood and water, not only for the com-
fort and happiness of the slave, but for the benefit
of the owner. We understand perfectly well the
practical effect of the proposed restriction upon
our rights, and to what extent it interferes with
slavery in the States; and we also understand
the object and purpose of that interference. If the
slaveholding States should ever be so regardless
of their rights, and their honor, as coequal States,
to be willing to submit to this proposed restric-
tion, for the sake of harmony ana peace, they
could not do it. There is a great, overruling, prac-
tical necessity which would prevent it. They
ought not to submit to it upon principle, if they
could, and could not if tliey would.
It is in view of these things, sir, that the people
of Georgia have assembled in convention, and
solemnly resolved that, if Congress shall pass a j
law excluding them from the common territory
with their slave property, they will disrupt the
ties that bind them to the Union. This posi-
tion has not been taken by way of threat or
menace. Georgia never threatens, but Georgia
always acts, whenever it is necessary and proper
for her to act for the protection of her constitu-
tional rights and the rights of her people. She
will not act hastily or rashly, but not the less
firmly on that account. She intends to place her-
self right in the face of the world, in regard to
this question. She has delegated me, in conjunc-
tion with my abler and more experienced col-
leagues, to make known her rights here, and to
proclaim them to the American people. She de-
sires to maintain those rights within the Consti-
tution, and for that purpose invokes the support
of the friends of the Constitution in every portion
of the country, in order that those rights may be
respected ana observed. I have endeavored to
present those rights to the consideration of this
House to-day, in good temper, and as becomes
the Representative of one of the old thirteen
States of this Confederacy.
I concur in the sentiment uttered by the senior
member from Ohio, [Mr. Giddings,] that we
should discuss principles here; and I will add,
after we have discussed them,we should regulate
our conduct by them, not only here, but every-
where. My constituents have no desire to force
their institutions up on those who do not like
them; all they ask is to be unmolested in the
enjoyment of those rights which were guarantied
to them by the Constitution, not to be recognized
as superior, nor as inferior, but simply as equals
in this Confederacy.
But it has been said here, that the South acted
in bad faith in consenting to the repeal of the
Missouri compromise. What is the history of
that compromise ? That act was forced upon the
South by the aggressive policy of the North. The
Louisiana Territory was slave territory, and
Missouri was formed out of that territory; the
North resisted her admission into the Union, be-
cause slavery was recognized by her constitution;
and, for the sake of peace and harmony, the South
consented to the line of 36© 30', north of which
slavery should be excluded. The term compromise
necessarily implies a surrender of legal rights for
the purpose of settlement—a waiver of constitu-
tional rights for that object; no more was ever
intended by that act. The South always main-
tained that it was unconstitutional; but acquiesced
in it solely upon the principle of compromise,
with the understanding that it was to be applied
to all the territory of the Union; and it was so
applied at that time. Missouri was admitted as
a slave State. Iowa, formed out of the Louisiana
Territory, which was originally slave territory,
has been admitted as a free State.
But how did the North regard this sacred com-
promise at the time, and since ? On the 6th of
March, 1820, the act was passed,authorizing the
people of Missouri Territory to form a State con-
stitution, by the eighth section of which act
slavery was excluded north of 36° 30'. On the
2d of March, 1821, the House of Representatives
passed a resolution providing for the admission
of Missouri into the Union, by the proclamation
of the President, upon certain conditions to be
performed by the Legislature of that State, when
nearly the whole body of northern Representa-
tives voted against the resolution for her admis-
sion; and yet they now pretend to say, that they
have sacredly kept that sacred compact, when it was
repudiated by their votes during the same session
! at which it was passed; and the contemporaneous
history of that period shows that this same com-
promise, now so sacred in the estimation of many
northern politicians, was condemned and de-
nounced by the entire North.
The next territory that was acquired was Texas,
which was also slave territory. The compromise
line was extended through that territory, the
North appropriating all the slave territory north
of 36° 30' to freedom, as she did from the slave
territory of Louisiana. The South, acting upon
the understanding that the compromise line was
to be applied to all the territory of the Union,
carried out that understanding in good faith in
regard to the slave territory of Texas.
The next territory which was acquired was
from Mexico; that was free territory. The South
was still willing to abide the compromise line;
and extend it through to the Pacific; but the
North refused—willing to abide it so long as slave
territory could be appropriated to freedom, but
when that compromise line was to inure to the
benefit of the South, its binding obligation was
denied and repudiated. Then it was that the
South became released from all obligation to abide
by that compromise, and was remitted to her
original constitutional rights in respect to the com-
mon territory. It has been said that the South
received the benefit of the admission of Missouri
into the Union as a slave State. The reply is, that
Iowa has been admitted into the Union as a free
I State, with this marked difference, however, that
Missouri was originally slave territory, and Iowa,
which was originally slave territory, is now a free \
State. The South has gained nothing, and lost i
the State of Iowa as slave territory. The im-
partial historian wijl be at no loss to discover
who it was that first repudiated the Missouri
compromise in respect to the common territory
of the Union.
After the Missouri compromise had been repudi-
ated by the North in regard to the territory acquired
from Mexico, the South voted for the Kansas-
Nebraska bill, which contains the true principles
of non-intervention by Congress with the ques-
tion of slavery as it exists in the United States,
i in regard to the common territory of the Union 
! the true principles of the Constitution, which
recognize the equal rights of the people of all the
States to the enjoyment of that common Terri-
tory. That act ought to be maintained, not only
because it is right, just, and equal in its provisions
to the people of all the States, but because it will
have the effect to suppress agitation by dema-
gogues, both North and South, of the question of
slavery. To use a common expression, it will take
the wind out of the sails of that class of politi-
cians in both sections, who will be then unable to
navigate in still waters. In the South that class
of men claim to be the exclusive friends of slave
institutions, and ask for a seat- in Congress to
protect that particular interest exclusively. In the
North that class of men claim the support of the
people, because they are the exclusive opponents
of the slavery aggressions of the South, as they are
pleased to represent themselves; and the result is,
when thejr meet here the country is kept in a con-
tinual excitement, the legitimate business of the
country neglected, that they may make political
capital for themselves at home, in order to obtain
place and power.
I do not intend to be understood, sir, as saying
that there are any of that class of men here now
from either section of the country; the present
company, you know, sir, is always excepted. I
am only speaking of what might happen, and
probably will happen, if this question of slavery
agitation be not withdrawn from this Hall, and
referred to the people of the Territories, where it
legitimately belongs, and where the Kansas-Ne-
braska act refers it. It is, sir, for maintaining
the salutary provisions of this act, so essential
ioi the peace and best interests of this great coun-
try, as well as the obligations imposed on him by
the Constitution, that the President of the United
States has been denounced as a doughface. Far
better is it for him, sir, as a man, and for his rep-
utation as an officer, that he should be denounced
as a doughface, in maintaining the integrity of the
Constitution of his country, than that he should
have given occasion to have been denounced as a
perjured traitor to that Constitution which he had
solemnly sworn to support and maintain in all
its sacred provisions.
OUR RELATIONS WITH ENGLAND.
SPEECH OF HON. W. P. FESSENDEN,
OF MAINE,
In the Senate, April 2, 1856.
The Senate having the Three Million Bill under consider-
ation—
Mr. FESSENDEN said: Mr. President, it is
. not my intention to speak on the bill which is
before the Senate, particularly, although I may
say a few words upon it before I close; but on
the subject of our relations with England I wish
to say, by way of apology to the Senate, that I
differ somewhat with honorable Senators who
j have spoken heretofore on that subject, in the
i views they have expressed with regard to the
! | proper construction of what is called the Clay-
; ton-Bulwer treaty, and more especially with ref-
j' erence to the proposed mode of asserting any
j rights which we claim under it, and which are
I denied by Great Britain. Were it not for this, I
j should hesitate to address the Senate on a subject
which has become somewhat cold. It was re-
vived, however, by the honorable Senator from
Delaware [Mr. Clayton] a few days since; and
I understand that the Senator from Michigan
[Mr. Cass] proposes to speak further upon the
subject. That must be my apology for address-
ing the Senate now. I hope, however, not en-
tirely to exhaust its patience.
The President of the United States, in his an-
nual message to Congress, undertook to state the
condition of our relations with Great Britain,
growing out of the difference of construction of
this treaty by the two Governments. He com-
municated with that message the correspondence
which had passed between our Minister in Eng-
land and the British Government on the subject.
By that correspondence the matter seemed to be
brought very near to a direct issue; but the Presi-
dent informed us, in a very few words, that, al-
though the two Governments were at variance
upon the subject, it was still a matter of negotia-
tion. I will read the clause, in order that the
! Senate may understand fully what I intend to say
i about it:
| "Assured of the correctness of the construction con-
stantly adhered to by this Government, and resolved to in-
sist on the rights of the United States, yet actuated also by
the same desire which is avowed by the British Govern-
ment, to remove all causes of serious misunderstanding be-
tween two nations associated by so many ties of interest
and kindred, it has appeared to me proper not to consider
an amicable solution of the controversy hopeless."
This was a clear indication to Congress, that
the negotiations were not in fact closed—that the
subject was still open for discussion. It may be
remarked also, that the President neither sug-
gested nor intimated that he desired any action
on the part of Congress, or on the part of the
Senate of the United States. Nevertheless, when
this message came in, several very distinguished
Senators took occasion to express their concur-
| rence with the views taken by our Government
l in its construction of the treaty. The Senate was
, addressed by the Senator from Michigan, [Mr.
Cass,] the Senator from Delaware, [Mr. Clay-
ton,] and the Senator from New York, [Mr. Sew-
ard]—gentlemen who may be considered as rep-
resenting the three great parties into which the
people of this country are divided at the present
time. They concurred in opinion and sentiment.
They all expressed the opinion that our Govern-
ment had taken a correct position on the construc-
tion of this treaty, and their determination to sus-
tain the Government in its views. No contrary
opinion was expressed; no Senator differed from
them, or intimated any difference of opinion. The
Senate stood at that day, and upon that particular
point, as a unit. So far as the world was concerncd,
