1030
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 25,
that, under a generalhead,certain appropriations
of this description come in: One to pay claims
under the act of 1841, another under the act of
1825, another under the act of 1842, another under
the act of 1834, and so on. They are called per-
manent and indefinite appropriations, for which
money is not appropriated from year to year at
all. They are paid under preceding acts, and
amount in all to some $5,000,000.
Mr. HAVEN. There is an appropriation for
them.
Mr. ORR. No; there is no appropriation.
Mr. HAVEN. The estimates are there.
Mr. ORR. There is a statement of the Secre-
tary of the Treasury in summing up how much
money is required to carry on the Government.
Mr. HAVEN. Where is it?
Mr. ORR. On page 71. But no appropriation
is made by the two Houses of Congress conform-
ably to that estimate; for the reason, that it is not
considered necessary—the act which I have quoted
rendering it unnecessary. It being construed to
be sufficient, they execute it; and, as just sug-
gested by the gentleman from Missouri, [Mr.
Phelps]—who is more familiar with the details
of this matter than I am—there never has been
an appropriation to meet this kind of case to which
I have referred.
Mr. BOYCE. Will my colleague allow me to
ask him what is the amount of money estimated
to be necessary to pay claims under the bill, if we
pass it?
Mr. ORR. I do not know. I have heard
various statements on that head, but, as I under-
stand, the merits of the bill are not now before
the House. I have heard various sums fixed. I
have heard intelligent men estimate it at the sum
of$25,000,000.
The SPEAKER. The merits of the bill are
not debatable.
Mr. HAVEN. I would like to say, in this
regard, that I expressly disclaimed being either
for or against this bill, and avoided entering into
its merits. It is the other question purely which
X argued on.
Mr. ORR. I have said all that I desire to say
on this subject, and yield the floor.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. The question
before us is, whether the decision of the Chair,
that the bill which was before the House yester-
day did notmake an appropriation of money, was
correct? We are called upon to say whether
there is, technically and distinctly, an appropria-
tion of money m it; and that is the only question.
It is not material, m this connection, whether this
bill is right or wrong; with that the House has
now nothing to do; it has to deal with a question of
order and of construction. Is the language, in the
bill proper and lit to make an appropriation of
money, oris it not? I think the gentleman from
New Voik [Mr. IIa ven] has answered that ques-
tion, and in such a way as to settle it decisively.
It is clear to me that the bill does not make an
appropriation of money. It simply declares tli.it
the parties who shall prove their losses shall be
entitled to be paid.
Sir, the President of the United States is enti-
tled by law to be paid his salary. If this bill shall
become a law ,lhen the parties who lost by fire duti-
able goods will be en titled to have the duties repaid
by the force of a law of the land. The employes
of the Government—all the clerks in the Depart-
ments—are entitled by law to he paid their sal-
aries. Members of the Army and of the Navy
arc entitled, by virtue of the existing laws, to be
paid; and, sir, they are just as well entitled to be
paid, and would have just as much right to be
paid by the Secretary of the Treasury, without
any appropriation, as would be the sufferers by
fire in New York and elsewhere,if this bill should
j>ass. Precisely so-, and, if there be any dis-
tinction, I ask gentlemen to point it out. Sir, wo
distinctly vote—and it is impossible to escape
the result when we vote not to sustain the
Speaker's^ decision—that the Secretary of the
Treasury is authorized to pay over money to any
man who by law is entitled to receive it, whether
there be an appropriation or not. Sir, 1 agree
with the gentleman from Maryland [Mr. Davis]
that, m tins point of view, this is a question of
great magnitude and interest, and that we should
hesitate long before we say—as wc should say
with os much distinctness by our vote, on this
occasion, as we could by a distinct resolution of
the House—that the officers of the Treasury
Department are, in the judgment of this House,
authorized to pay money over at any time to any
man who, by the existence of a law, is entitled
to receive it. Suppose, sir, that this question,
instead of being raised upon a point of order, was
presented in the form of a resolution declaring
that, in the judgment of the House, ajl acts of
Congress which may establish a claim against
the Government, or declare its liability, m the
language employed in this bill, should be con-
strued by the Secretary of the Treasury as cre-
ating an appropriation of money, how many
members do you think would vote for it?
Sir, I war against the usage of the Department,
if it has been such as the gentleman from Mis-
souri says it has been. It is wrong. It has been
entirely wrong from its beginning; and a stop
should be put to it I caution gentlemen here not
to any by their vote that this usage is safe and
proper; it is neither. I urge them not to say that
the action of the Treasury is sustained by the
judgment of the House of Representatives. I am
glad that this discussion has arisen, for it has dis-
closed a custom to which, I imagine, the country
was a stranger—a custom which, if acquiesced
in now upon this question, will he a practical ab-
dication by the House of one of its highest con-
stitutional functions. If an appropriation is not
necessary to authorize the payment of such sums
as may be found due by this bill, appropriation
bills may be dispensed with altogether. It is
another step, and a fearful one, towards eonsoli-
dating all power in the Executive Departments.
Sir, by-and-by some other act establishing a
liability will pass the House; and though in lan-
guage different from this, and such as no man
could suppose, when voting for it, was making
an appropriation, will nevertheless be so con-
strued; and the doctrine one© established, that
the Department may properly dccide these ques-
tions, analogies will be chased from bill to bill,
until we at last have done away entirely with
the necessity for appropriation bills at all. It
is for these reasons that I do hope the Chair will
bo sustained in its decision. I do not express any
opinion in regard to the merits of the bill. I will
say, however, in regard to the bill, thatl did not
understand the gentleman from iNew York [Mr.
Pelton] as desiring that the question should be
decided yesterday. I understood that he was
willing to have the vote postponed till sometime
in May, and that the bill should be printed in the
mean time, so as to give gentlemen an opportunity
to examine it. But without regard to that, I say
that I trust the decision of the Chair will be sus-
tained by the House.
Mr. H.MARSHALL. I desire, Mr. Speaker,
to state, in the briefest possible time and space,
the considerations which inducc me to take a view
of this subject different from the view taken by
the Chnir. My view of it, sir, is founded on the
rule. The I,33d rule is exceedingly explicit in its
language; it is exceedingly comprehensive in its
terms: "All proceedings touching the appropri-
ation of money." What m the legal construction
of that language5 All proceedings had in relation
to the appropriation of money "shall be first dis-
cussed in the Committee of the Whole House."
If it is initiative—if it is a proceeding out of which
an appropriation arises, it is to go to the Commit-
tee of the Whole House. And it is to be remem-
bered that this rule is a rule for the management
of our deliberations among ourselves. It is not
n rule intended to regulate executive action upon
a law. All the precedents that have been reod,
and all the cases arising upon constructions of
the Executive Departments, have no reference, no
necessary relation, to the construction which we,
as legislators, are to put upon the rules defining
our own course of proceeding.
Whenever a bill arises in this House touching
an appropriation, our rule is specific; and gentle-
men are taking anexceedingly close, contracted,
technical view, when they say that this bill does
not necessarily make an appropriation. It cre-
ates a necessity. It establishes an obligation. In
a legislative sense, it makes an appropriation;
because I would not give anything for a govern-
ment whose legislative department would create
obligations, and throw mercantile paper into the
community authorizing its payment at the Treas-
ury upon the presentation of the chcck, which it
: did not intend to redeem. Because this certifi-
cate is a check. It is payable to A B, or holder.
It is a check authorized by law to be presented
at the Treasury and paid. This legislation is to
fix the responsibility; and not only to establish
the responsibility, but it plights the faith of the
Government. It authorizes'the paper to go into
the community and pass from liana to hand, by
delivery, like a bank check, and not by assign-
ment.
I tell you that, standing here as legislators,
legislating into existence paper of that description
by a law which authorizes its issuance and cir-
culation, to say that we are not making an ap-
propriation is to set this rule at defiance. And I
have to say to those who hold this doctrine, that
they see a nicer distinction between public faith
and the execution of public faith, than, as a legis-
lator, I profess to see.
Now, sir, when this law, established among
ourselves for the government of our proceedings,
says that all bills touching—that is, in any manner
relating to — an appropriation of money, shall
be first considered in the Committee of the Whole
House, I understand that rule to have been de-
vised not only that we may guard the public
Treasury, but that we may exercise due caution.
It is a pledge of the body to each member that he
shall have the largest liberty to examine and
discuss anything " touching an appropriation,"
cither in the form of an act which spreads the
money out to the view of the Treasurer, or in an
act which plights the faith of the Government,
and fixes an obligation which it is bound to
execute. With these views, I cannot sustain the
decision of the Chair.
Mr. WALKER. I have but a few words to
add to those which have fallen from those gen-
tlemen who concur with me in the disposition of
this question. It seems to me that the whole
controversy is to be settled by a critical examina-
tion of the terms of the fourth section of this
Mil.
Now, sir, I will propound this question to those
who are in favor of sustaining the ruling of the
Chair. If the effect, the legal effect, of this bill,
be not to make an appropriation, rendering un-
necessary any subsequent legislation to insure
the satisfaction of these certificates, then I ask
the framers of this bill, where was the necessity
of requiring the presentation of these certificates
at the Treasury Department?
The fourth section of the act authorizes the
appointment of a commission of inquiry, to ex-
amine into the validity of the claims presented
under it, which commission shall report to the
Treasury Department for adjudication; and, if
the accounting officers of the Treasury shall pro-
nounce it to be satisfactory, they shall thereupon
issue certificates to the claimants, which, in the
language of the fourth section, entitle the claim-
ants, or the holders of the certificates, to receive
the amount therein stated, upon presentation to
the Treasury Department within one year.
Mr. HAVEN. If the gentleman desires me
to give a reason for the clause of the bill requir-
ing the presentation of these certificates to the
Treasury Department—and the argument is a
forcible one, unless it can bo answered—I will
give it. The reason is this: the law presupposes
that Congress will make the appropriation re-
quired to satisfy the certificates issued; and, un-
less they are presented at the Treasury Depart-
ment, Congress could have no data upon which
to make the appropriation.
Mr. WALKER. The answer is a plausible
one. The source from which it comes, insures
its plausibility. But I desire to ask the gentle-
man from New York this further question: The
law says, in express terms, that the action of the
Treasurer upon the reports of the commissioners
shall be adjudication. Then, I ask him, what is
the necessity of the following words, requiring the
presentation of the certificates at the Treasury
Department? and what the necessity of this adju-
dication, if it was not to insure the paymeni of
the money without recourse to subsequent legis-
lation?
Mr. HAVEN. If the gentleman desires an
answer, I will only say this: Undoubtedly, this
bill provides for establishing the claim of the
claimant; but the whole argument is, that the
Treasurer has no right to pay any claimant until
we appropriate the money.
Mr. WALKER. Then why put in that the
