BW
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 29,
Mjlfeon, Mordeeai Oliver, Packer, Peck, Phelps, Powell,
ftuitmai, Eichardson, Bnffln, Bust, Sandidge, Savage,
Samuel A. Smith, William Smith, Stephens, Stewart,Tal-
bStt Taylor, Warner, Watkins, Weils, Williams, Wms-
low, Daniel B. Wnght, and John V. Wnaht.
For Mr. Fuller—Messrs. Broom, John B Campbell, Car-
Hie, Bayard Clark, Cox, Cuilcn, Henry Winter Davis,
Ethendge, Evans, Eustto, Foster, J. Morrison Harris, Hoff-
man, Kennett, Lake,landlev, Alexander K. Marshall,Hiim-
p&rey Marshall, Millwardifraine, Porter; Puryear, Reade,
Beady, Eicaud, Rivers, William II. Smith, Sneed, Swope,
Tiippe, Underwood, Valk, Walker, Whitney, and Zolli-
coffer.
For Mr. Pennington—Messrs. Harrison, Haven, and
Scott.
For Mr. Edie—Messrs. Dunn and Moore.
For Mr. William—Mr. Wheeler.
' For Mr. Harris—Mr. Orr.
Pending the call,
Mi*. FULLER, of Pennsylvania, stated that he
Had paired off with Mr. Pennington.
Mf. JONES, of Tennessee. I move that the
House do now adjourn.
The motion was agreed to; and thereupon (at
ten minutes to three o'clock) the House ad-
journed till to-morrow, at twelve o'clock, m.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Tuesday, January 29,1856.
The-House was called to order by the Clerk
at twelve o'elock, m. Prayer by Rev. Dr. Pyne.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
'proposition for election of a speaker.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. Mr. Clerk, I desire to
submit, for the serious consideration and adoption
by the House, resolutions which I now send to
the Clerk's table. I am fully acquainted with
the want of success that has resulted from the
partial expedients which have been tried already;
and it is in the belief the proposition I present is
the only one by which an organization can be
effected, that I ask for it at the hands of mem-
bers a fair and candid consideration. I am sure
that if it is adopted and carried out in good faith,
it will work out the election of a Speaker within
three days. I call for the previous question, and
the yeas and nays on the adoption of the resolu-
tions.
The Clerk read the resolutions, as follows:
J&csoZued, That for the purpose of electing a Speaker for
the Thirty-Fourth Congress of the United States, the Clerk
shall, immediately on the adoption of this resolution, call
tbe roil of the members; that when the name of the first
member on the loll is callcd, the Cleik shall put the ques-
tion to the House—" tfhall said membei be Speaker of the
House f' winch question shall bo taken by yeas and nays;
and should said member receive a majority of all the votes
cast, being a majonty of a quorum, he shall thereupon be
declared to be elected Speaker. But should he receive no
such majority, the name next on the roll shall bo called,
Utiid in hko mannei voted upon; and so on through the roll,
until some member shall receive a majority as aforesaid, or
tbe roll be called through: Provided, That the name of the
mover of this resolution shall not be called to be voted on
as aforesaid: And provided further, That when the name
of any other member is called who is unwilling it shall be
voted on, it may be exempted from a vote by the consent of
the House. And if, when the roll shall have been callcd
through and voted on as aforesaid, no member shall have
received a majority as aforesaid, then a vote shall be taken
directly between the two members who shall have received
the largest number of vot<v, and ho who upon that vote
shall receive the lai gest number of votes shall be Speaker:
Provided, That if, when the roll is thus callcd through, and
voted upon at> aforesaid, there shall be a tie between two
or more members who have received the laigest number of
votes, or between two oi more who have received next to
tb$ largest number of votes, then a test vote shall be taken
between such members thus tied, and a final vote as be-
fore directed between the two members who may thus
appear to have received the largest number of votes.
Resolved, That in taking the votes before dneeted, no
debate or personal explanation shall be m oider, except by
the unanimous consent of the House.
Mr. RICHARDSON. Mr. Clerk, the diffi-
culty,! apprehend, in the way of an election of a
Speaker is, because there are too many candidates.
These resolutions increase the present large num-
ber; and I therefore move that they be laid upon
the table.
Mr. CARLILE. I demand the yeas and nays
•on the motion to lay on the table.
Mr. DUNN. I will make a suggestion: "We
do not and cannot, on a mere reading, understand
exactly what is the nature of the resolution. I
submit that it lie on the table one day. They
will be printed in the Globe; and by .to-morrow's
session we shall have an opportiSJ^ of more
carefully examining them.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. I shall be glad to have
the course pursued which has been suggested. I
withdraw tlie resolutions, therefore, and give no-
tice .that I will again present them to-morrow.
call op the house.
Mr. WALKER. I move that there be a call
of the House; and on that motion demand the
yeas and nays. ^
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
Mr. CADWALADER. I demand tellers on
the call of the House.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Cadwal-
ader. and Knight were appointed.
The question was taken; and the tellers re-
ported—ayes 21, noes 96.
So the motion was disagreed to.
election of speaker by states.
Mr. CRAWFORD. Mr. Clerk, I rise this
morning, not for the purpose of introducing a
proposition to this House, but for the purpose
of reading and giving notice of a resolution which
I shall present to the House to-morrow, for the
purpose of organizing the same, if not organized
during this day.
This House, sir, has tried to elect a presiding
officer by the votes of the individual members com-
posing it, and it has tried to adopt the plurality
rule, which would secure an election. It has
failed in both those efforts. I shall to-morrow
morning introduce a proposition to elect a Speaker
of this House in the same way which is provided
in the Constitution of the United States for the
election of a President when it devolves upon this
House; and being fully satisfied that gentlemen
of all parties could not vote for that proposition
this morning, for the reason that they could not
have time to consider the propriety of it, I will
read the resolution now, so that it can be reported
in the papers; and I shall ask for a vote upon it
immediately after the reading of the minutes to-
morrow morning. The resolution which I pro-
pose, sir, is this:
Be it resolved, That the House of Representatives do
now proceed to the election of a Speaker in the same way
and manner as is provided by the Constitution of the United
Suites for the election of the President thereof whenever
the same shall (Involve upon this House; that is to say,
the Clerk shall call the roll by States, and each State cast
one vote, as the same shall be called ; and the person having
a majority of the States shall he the Speaker of the House
of Representatives for the Thirty-Fourth Congress.
I give notice that I shall introduce that resolu-
tion to-morrow.
inexpediency of caucus nominations.
Mr. ALEXANDER K. MARSHALL. I offer
the following resolution:
Resolved, That it is the opinion of the members of this
House that the presentation of party nominees has a tend-
ency to retard an organization, and that therefore it is the
duty of the different parties to withdraw such nominations,
leaving each member free from the control or influence of
caucus determinations.
Mr. Clerk, a resolution very similar to this
was offered the other day by the gentleman from
Arkansas, [Mr. Rust,] but it was voted down.
The difference, however, between the resolution
whicR I offer and the one offered by the gentleman
from Arkansas is this: that resolution pointed
directly to the individuals who were named by th^
different parties, and it might, therefore, be con-
strued into something like a personal objection
to those members. The resolution which I offer,
sir, does not point to the individuals themselves,
but simply suggests that the fact of being arrayed
here under their named leaders forces their oppo-
nents to vote against those nominees. My object
is, that these nominees shall all be withdrawn,
and that the members of this House shall make
such a selection as they may believe the best in-
terests of the country require, and vote according
to the dictates of tlieir own judgment.
I will take occasion here to state to the Dem-
ocratic party—for I must be permitted to say that
I have no proposition to make to the gentlemen on
the other side of the House; but 1 wish to say to
my friends on the Democratic side, that, without
any consultation whatever with the members wb o
compose the little body with which I act, I will
venture to assert, that if that resolution is passed,
we are ready to accede to one of two proposi-
tions. First, we will Same a man of their party,
one who has been acting with them throughout,
one who proclaims himself of their organization—
we will name him, we will unite upon him, and,
if we can, we will elect him. And, if that propo-
sition does not suit, they may take any man they
choose of our party, and we will not dictate to
them. They may select any one of our number
that best suits their purposes, and we will unite
with them, will act with them, and will elect him.
I said we will try to elect the man of their party
proposed by us. I know if they name and vote
for a man of our side we will elect him.
Now, sir, if this resolution is adopted—and I
may, perhaps, whether it be adopted or not, take
the liberty of following it up with another, which
will at least test the determination, and will re-
quire of the Democratic party to organize this
House—it will place this vexed question of the
responsibility for non-organization in its proper
place.
I demand the previous question upon the pas-
sage of the resolution.
Mr. MILLSON. Will the gentleman from
Kentucky withdraw his demand for the previous
question for a moment? I will renew it.
Mr. MARSHALL. At the request of my
friend from Virginia I will withdraw it for a
moment, as he has pledged himself to renew it.
Several Members. Let the resolution be read
again.
The resolution was accordingly read again.
Mr. MILLSON. I concur with much that the
gentleman from Kentucky has said, as to the
difficulties which have prevented a perfect organ-
ization of the House; and particularly in his
opinion that the election of a Speaker has prob-
ably been defeated by the caucus nominations
made at the commencement of the session. But
I still think there are objections to the adoption
of his resolution, which will readily suggest
themselves to every member. The House knows
nothing of parties; the Journal knows nothing
of parties. The nominations made here have
been made by different members on this floor,
and they do not appear upon the Journal as
nominations coming from one party or another.
It is not for the House, then, as a body, to know
the grounds on which these candidates have been
proposed. Vet, sir, I entirely agree with the
gentleman from Kentucky, in the opinion that
these caucus nominations should not have been
made; or, if made at all, that they should not
have been accompanied with an expi^ssion of
the reasons that induced them. Nominations
have been made when they ought not to have
been made, and perhaps others ought to have
been made when they were not made.
When I came to Washington, at tho com-
mencement of this session, I heard with astonish-
ment that most of the Democratic members had
mot in caucus and made a nomination; and made
a nomination for a reason. I had never heard
before of a nomination, under such circumstances,
for a reason. That party was in an ascertained
minority. The very resolution they adopted
proclaimed that they were in a minority; and
though I will not undertake to say that the thing
never happened before, yet I confess I do not
remember to have ever before heard of a minority
caucus for the purpose of making a nomination.
Caucuses belong to majorities. The object of a
caucus is to secure the election of a candidate by
a concentration of votes. Rut no concentration
of tho votes of a minority ever can effect an elec-
tion. All that they can do is to take advantage
of the chapter of accidents. It could not have
been that the caucus designed to conceal, or was
unwilling to confess, that they were in a minor-
ity; for then it was rather inconsistent to pro-
claim in their resolution that they stood in a mi-
nority. If they desired to concentrate their own
votes, in the hope that it would ultimately aid the
election of their candidate, I think it was rather"
to be wished that the votes should first have been
scattered as widely as possible, in order that they
might be concentrated at the last.
Who, sir, can doubt that the nomination then
made, for the reason assigned, prevented the dis-
tinguished nominee of that caucus [Mr. Rich-
ardson] from receiving votes that he might and
would otherwise have obtained ? I do not mean
to say that it ought to have deterred any one from
voting for him; I did not so regard it. I would
not allow the reasons of others, whether ill chosen
or not, to deter me from doing what I might well
do for my own reasons. I do not choose that
the errors of others should be the master of my
judgment. Though the reluctance of other gen-
tlemen, then, to vote for the nominee on this
account may be excused, I do not consider it
justified. That question, howe\ er, it is for them
to determine.
