1856.]
appendix to the congressional globe.
301
34th Cong....1st Sess.
Our Relations with England—Mr. Fessenden.
Senate.
it appeared that we were all of one accord; and the
country presented an undivided and unbroken
front, so far as the country could be considered to
be represented by the Senate of the United States.
In my humble judgment it -would have been
better if the discussion had stopped there. It
■would have been better, because tne matter was
still a subject of negotiation; and negotiations
upon questions of national importance with for-
eign Governments are conducted more advan-
tageously by the Department to which they ap-
propriately belong, without an open and general
discussion by other branches of the Government,
while they are pending, than with the aid of such !
a discussion. I think, moreover, that discus-
sions upon such subjects, in legislative bodies,
before their active interference becomes necessary,
are very apt to be more productive of evil than
good. They generally involve the consideration
of what is to be done in a certain contingency,
and an important contingency—viz: a final irrec-
oncilable difference of opinion, and a direct, posi-
tive issue.
We should not differ, or at least we might not
be inclined to express any difference of opinion,
upon the mere construction of the treaty, stand-
ing in the position in which that controversy did,
when we received the message of the President
of the United States; yet, when it comes to be
considered what it is advisable to do in a certain
contingency which has not happened, it may
very-well occur, and is very likely to occur, that
there is found to be a strong and decided dif-
ference of opinion upon a point involving con-
sequences of the most momentous character, and
requiring the most anxious and careful delibera-
tion. And it is quite obvious, sir, that the dis-
cussion of such subjects in deliberative assem-
blies is quite apt to generate some degree of heat
and thus to exercise an injurious influence upon
the public mind. Anger begets anger. Tones
of menace and defiance on one side will be met
with similar tones on the other; and thus a diffi-
culty may be complicated, and nations placed in
a position from which they may find it difficult to
recede, when quiet and forbearance would have
led to an easy and amicable solution.
Entertaining these opinions, I hoped that, after
what was said upon the reception of the Presi-
dent's message, the subject would not be brought
up again for discussion, but would be left to be
adjusted, if possible, by the proper Department.
Honorable and able Senators, however, were of a
different opinion, and (hey had an undoubted right
to take such a course as to them seemed most
advisable. They chose to reexamine the whole
question, and to present it in all its bearings and
consequences for the consideration of the country. '
While it was a pending negotiation, before any
request had been made to us, or to Congress, for
the consideration of any positive measures, when
it was not proposed to take any active steps, hon-
orable Senators thought it advisable that the
question should be further considered and dis-
cussed. Our rights had before been presented in
a very able manner by the proper Department.
Honorable Senators went further, and considered
what it would be proper and advisable to do in a
possible event, bringing that event into the world
before its time. It is very obvious that the result '
has been just what might reasonably have been
anticipated. Animosities have sprung up—such i
animosities as are generated by such discussions ;
between nations. 1
Heat on this side of the water has produced
heat on the other. Speeches made in the Senate
have been responded to in the British Parliament,
and with equal warmth. The newspapers have
not failed to seize upon so exciting and fruitful j
a theme; and it may be observed, that the tone i
of the British newspapers particularly has ex- i
ceedingly changed since the question was first [
presented to us. Then, some of them seemed (
inclined to uphold the American view of the ques- |
tion; but their tone has changed materially since j
that period, and, probably,in consequence of the
subsequent debates in Congress, and in Parlia-
ment, and of the feeling engendered by those
debates. I
I know that my friend from New York [Mr. |
Seward] has since remarked that the speech which
he made on that occasion was a peace speech.
For a speech of that character it was certainly a
very singular one; because his proposition was,
as I understood it, a sort of provisional declara-
tion of war—war was to be declared, or hostilities
were to be commenced, unless the British Gov-
ernment should retrace its steps, or abandon its
ground, within a given period. Sir, it did not
strike me that a proposition of that kind was very
likely to lead to pacific considerations and reflec-
tions on either side. I know, too, that the hon-
orable Senator from Michigan [Mr. Cass] exhib-
ited a very considerable degree of feeling on the
subject.
Mr. SEWARD. I hope the Senator will allow
me to interrupt him.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Certainly.
Mr. SEWARD. The honorable Senator says,
under a misapprehension, that I said here that
the' speech which I made was a peace speech.
What I said, and to which the honorable Senator
undoubtedly alludes, was, that on the other side
of the water, the London Times alluded to it as
a pacific speech, while the honorable Senator from
Georgia, [Mr. Iverson,] to whom I was then
replying, said it was a war speech. I stated that
both were mistaken—it was neither a peace nor
a war speech. The Senator from Maine now
represents me as saying that it was a peace speech.
I should not like to have that representation go
out with my assent.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I might have misunder-
stood the Senator, and I undoubtedly did, if that
was his explanation; but it is a matter of very
little consequence. However he views it, I did
not consider that speech as particularly pacific.
I did not consider nis proposition as one likely
to promote the continuance of peace, if the sug-
gestions were followed.
I was remarking—but I do not wish to follow
up that train of remark—that the honorable Sen-
ator from Michigan also seemed to exhibit very
considerable feeling on the subject. If the feeling
arose from the unfortunate difficulties which seem
to exist between him and certain dignitaries of
the present Government of England, I trust that,
for the good of the two countries, those difficul-
ties will be adjusted, and mutually arranged to
the satisfaction of all parties, according to the
usual expression, before any considerable lapse
of time. %
This question, sir, has also, unfortunately, be-
come complicated with another. I refer to the
enlistment dispute. It is matter of regret that
the correspondence in relation to the enlistment
difficulty was not sent to Congress with the mes-
sage, in order that we might have had the whole
subject of our foreign difficulties before us at the
same time. On looking at the date of the last
communication of Mr. Marcy, on the enlistment
question, I find that it is prior to the President's
message; nothing has been communicated to us
of a later date. The President did not send us that
correspondence with his annual message, but he
has seen fit, since that period, to communicate it
to Congress. I can imagine no good reason why-
it was not communicated at the same time with
the correspondence in relation to the Clayton-Bul-
wer treaty. We should then have known all our
difficulties, and should have had the whole sub-
ject before us. But, sir, these papers have been
communicated; I have read them with very con-
siderable care, and wish to say a word in regard
to them. It must be perfectly manifest to every
Senator who has read that correspondence, that
there was a settled design on the part of the Gov-
ernment of Great Britain to carry on, in some
way„a recruitment of soldiers in this country,
and under our jurisdiction. I am perfectly will-
ing to concede that they did not design, as they
say they did not, to infringe our municipal laws;
but, nevertheless, the object is apparent. I do
not propose to argue the facts, because that has
been done with great ability and clearness by
the honorable Senator from Mississippi, [Mr.
Brown.] Nor do I propose to speak upon the
details of the correspondence. I assume that the
purpose of obtaining recruits in this country is
apparent from the proofs in the case.
" Now, sir, in my judgment, it is not enough for
the British Government to say that they did not
intend to infringe our municipal regulations.
Those municipal regulations were not made for
foreign Governments, or for foreign ministers;
they are merely police regulations, intended to
punish irresponsible individuals who attempt to
break our laws by carrying on the business of
enlisting soldiers m this country.
There is another law which affects foreign
Governments—and that is the law of nations,
which has no arbiter. If foreign nations attempt
to infringe our neutrality, they must be liable
to all the consequences provided by the law of
nations; and it is not enough for them to say that
they have so conducted their proceedings as not
to violate our municipal law. It is manifest that
we cannot reach a gentleman of the high standing
; of Mr. Crampton, the British Minister. It is
j obvious that we cannot reach the British consuls,
i, attempting to recruit in this country in the man-
' | ner they did, so as to shield themselves from any
particular personal responsibility to the laws or
our country. What then must we do?
When it becomes obvious that foreign officials
of high standing have been engaged in violating
our neutrality in such a manner, what shall we
do ? It is evident that if we cannot reach them in
: one way, we must call on their Government to
ascertain whether that Government avows or dis-
avows their acts; whether it will or will not de-
fend its Minister, on the ground that he acted by
its authority or direction. What does the British
Government say in reference to the conduct of
its Minister? The answer is, " We had no in-
tention to violate your municipal laws; if we
have done so unwittingly, we regret it." But
somebody must be responsible for the acts dona
by these high functionaries. A foreign official
of the highest rank, and others of eminent posi-
tion, have been engaged in recruiting, if we may
trust the testimony, in this country. I speak of
things only as they appear on paper, and I should
be glad to hear them satisfactorily explained.
We ask the British Government, " Was this
!| done on your authority or not?" We get no
answer at all. What is the necessary conse-
quence? If the Government will not admit that
the act of the Minister was done by the authority
of the Government, the Minister himself must be
held responsible. There is but one way in which
he can be held responsible, and that is, by request-
ing his recall; and, if that is refused, by dismiss-
ing him from the post which he holds as Minister
near this Government. I believe that, in such a
case, our Government owes it to its respect for
itself, and its citizens, to take such a course,un-
less the Government of the offending Minister
will acknowledge the act as its own, and make
proper reparation for it.
While I say that this seems to me an inevitable
consequence, it is also clear that no serious re-
sults can possibly follow from such a measure.
The suspension of diplomatic intercourse for the
acts of a government itself is not just cause for
hostilities; much less is the dismissal of a minis-
; ter for personal misconduct. His Government
has no right to make it the occasion of serious
difficulties. It may result, perhaps, in the sus-
pension of diplomatic intercourse for a while; but
that, of itself, is a matter of trifling moment.
I think, sir, on another ground—if we may
trust the documents which have been published
on this subject—Mr. Crampton should be recalled;
for it strikes me, on reading all the papers, if we
may give credit to them, thathis stay in this coun-
try can neither be profitable to his own Govern-
ment, nor honorable to himself. I do not see
how that respect for him, personally, can be en-
tertained by the authorities and people of this
country which a foreign minister, of high rank,
; ought always to receive at the hands of the Gov-
I ernmentto which he is accredited, and the people
among whom he dwells.
The only consequence, then, of this particular
difficulty with Great Britain is, that it compli-
cates the other and more important question. It
involves itself with that question in some small
degree, and tends to aggravate it.
Upon that question I propose to speak more at
length. But I beg leave to say to the Senate,
that I should not thus trespass upon its attention
but for the debate which has already taken place.
If this matter Stood as it was left on the 31st of
December, I certainly should not in any way con-
nect myself with it, for the simple reason that I
