1856.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1037
claim shall be paid upon presentation at the Treas-
ury Department? The section reads:
"Which said certificate shall entitle the person or persons
named therein, or the legal holder thereof, to be paid the
sum also named therein, 011 piesentation of the said certifi-
cate at the Treasury of the United States within one year
from its date."
See the hypercriticism of the argument on the
other side. They say that this language does
not authorize any payment; that it is in no sense
an appropriation, because it does not use the
words " shall be paid;" and that there is not the
same meaning attached to the words " shall be
entitled to receive the amount stated in said cer-
tificate," and be paid it when the certificate is pre-
sented to the Treasury within a certain time, as
to the words " shall be paid." In reference to
the case referred to by me on yesterday, which
was alluded to by the gentleman from Maryland,
I will say, that instead of sustaining the decision
of the chair, that case bears directly against it.
It is the case of Kendall vs. the United States. It
is true that the act d id not direct, in express terms,
the payment of money. It simply authorized
the Solicitor of the Treasury to make an exam-
ination of a certain claim, and to report to the
Postmaster General the credits to which the
claimant was entitled. The Postmaster General,
on receiving the report, was to enter these credits
in his books. There was nothing in the phrase-
ology calling for the appropriation of money.
The word paid was not used. The question came
before the court on this ground; when the Soli-
citor made his report, the Postmaster General
allowed certain credits and disallowed others. If
I recollect right, there were two points raised. One
was whether a mandamus would lie. The point
was whether, under the act, the Postmaster Gen-
eral had any discietionary power. The couit
dccided that he had none; and what was their
reasoning ? That the duties devolved by that act
on the Solicitor made him an arbitrator; thai, his
report was an award, or judgment; and that, such
being the case, the Postmaster General had no
discretionary power to refuse to enter the credits
as found by the Solicitor.
Apply that principle to this case. Here are
commissioners who are to make certain inquiries
and examinations. They are in cach case to
make their report to the Secretary of the Treas-
ury. Then come the duties and powers of that
officer; he is to examine the reports of the com-
missioners. Then comes his judicial power; he
is to determine in the matter. His determination
is spoken of as an adjudication. If they be ad-
judications made under authority of law, then I
ask if they are not final and conclusive of the
right of the party to receive the amount. Then
he reports his action to the commissioners, and
they grant certificates. If it was not intended to
make an appropriation, why did not the act say,
after the report of the commissions, the adjuca-
tion of the claim, and the grant of a certificate,
that the claimant had a legal right to a special ap-
propriation by Congress. But this act does not
say so. It goes further. It provides that, after
the party shall have received a certificate of his
claim against the Government, he shall present it
to the Treasury to be paid. Now, if 1 am capable
of placing a plain, sensible construction on lan-
guage—if I bear in mind the rule that the lan-
guage of all legislative acts is to be taken in its
liatuial, proper, every-day sense, I must see that
this bill docs make an appropriation, and. that
there can bo no sound argument to sustain the
decision of the Chair.
Mr. SIMMONS. Mr. Speaker, I was never
more surprised, since I have been here, than I
have been to-day by the views expressed by gen-
tlemen on the opposite side of the House. But
I recollect that this question has lately been at-
tended with some difficulty and embarrassment.
Three months ago, a movement was started in
the Senate to originate money bills in that body.
I was induced to turn to the law books to find
out what was a money bill. It is needless to say
that Blackstouo is my favorite. He says, that
the original mode of raising money was by special
bills for direct taxation. They were called grants,
because they were for the raising of money to be
parted with fur tlie use of the Government. He
says further, that under the modern practice, the
mode of taxation is changed. Bills tor the col-
lection of money may now not only originate m
the House of Commons, but also in the House
of Lords. Tariff bills may originate in the Sen-
ate, but appropriation bills cannot. Bills for
getting money may originate in either branch of
Congress; but when the money is in the Treasury,
the people, through their representatives, hold
the purse-strings. The Constitution says, that
no money shall be drawn from the Treasury, but
in consequence of appropriations made by law.
Gentlemen on the other side pretend that, if a
debt be contracted, and there is a promise to pay
it on its presentation at the Treasury, that im-
plies an appropriation; and that the Secretary of
the Treasury may take money from the Treasury
and pay the bearer of a certificate of the kind
mentioned, or of any Treasury note, whether any
fund has been specially designated by Congress
for that purpose. I deny it. It is the most dan-
gerous principle I ever heard advanced against
the Treasury of the country, and the constitu-
tional privileges and duties of this House. Bills
which may originate in the Senate are not to be
considered by implication as making appropri-
ations. This is a mere case of debt; and such
bills may originate as well in the Senate as in this
House. It is evident that the bill is to create a
debt. It piovides for the adjudication of certain
claims, and that, when they are adjudicated and
certificates are issued, the claimants shall become
entitled to a certain amount of money. Those
certificates are what the Treasury notes were
when this Government used to borrow money.
And is that enough to warrant the Treasury offi-
cer in assuming to himself the power, possessed
only by Congress, of making an appropriation,
ana of saying what money shall be applied to
pay a debt with? Why, sir, in every regular
appropriation bill, the appropriation is express,
and tlie bill goes on to say that a party shall be
entitled to the money. Even though the bill men-
tions that the money is to be paid on demand, or
on presentation at the Treasury Department, it
goes further, and provides for the payment. The
difference is between a debt and providing means
to pay a debt. A man frequently loses a debt
simply because the debtor does not provide
means of payment. This is a case where it is
claimed that a declaration or admission on the
pait of the Government, made to a claimant, and
to the claimant alone, after adjudication, that he
holds their certificate, a promissory note, payable
upon demand at the Treasury, is a direction to
the Secretary of the Treasury, and an appropri-
ation by law under the Constitution, and that it
is a designation of the money with which the
Secretary of the Treasury shall pay the debt.
Wow, look at your appropriation bills. They
go on and declare the right and title of the person
to receive the money, but they do not stop there,
for that would not be providing any means of
payment. They go on and say, "to be paid out
of any money in the Treasury not otherwise
appropriated." The gentleman from South Car-
olina thought that that was surplusage, and
that it amounted to nothing. I contend that it is
everything: it is the appropriation of the money
under the'law. Where does the gentleman, who
has heretofore been so celebrated for sticking to
the Treasury, and so opposed to allowing the
Treasury to be opened by a mere implication, got
his construction of a power to go right into the
Tieasury up to the elbows?
Mr. LETCHER. My friend says that, for some
time past, he has been looking into the powers
of the Senate, and he has arrived at the conclu-
sion, that the Senate has no power of originating
money bills. This bill being originated in the
Senate is, therefore, no money bill. Now, sir, that
is a remarkable conclusion—the most singular
conclusion I have ever known drawn from such
premises. What does my friend's argument
amount to? He says that this bill only provides
for adjudicating the amount; that the object of the
bill is to ascertain how much each of these parties
is entitled to receive; and that they have no right,
upon the adjudication, to draw one dollar from
the Treasury until the question comes to be ex-
amined by this House, and they make an actual
appropriation. Let us see. The rule which has
been read by my friend from Kentucky declares,
that all bills relating to the appropriation of mo-
ney—touching the appropriation of money—shall
po to the Committee of the Whole on the siate
of the Union for the purpose of being there
discussed. Now, sir, if the object of this bill*
according to the gentleman from New York, is not
to appropriate money, but merely to ascertain the
amount for which theGovemment is liable, where
will be the chance of discussing it in Committee of
the Whole under this 131st rule—according to his
theory ? Here is an amount ascertained, and the
House is concluded from investigating the matter,
and all the power the House has is to make an
appropriation of the amount which has been ad-
judicated and fixed upon the Government. Ac-
cording to this theory there never would" be an
examination of money bills here.
Again, if the object is merely to organize a
commission for the purpose of fixing the liability
of the Government, why was it not provided
that those parties who are to constitute the com-
mission should ascertain the fact, and present
their report, in order that Congress might appro-
priate the amount which should be thus ascer-
tained ? But not so, sir. The commission is to
be organized, the adjudication is to be made, and
then what? A certificate is to be issued to the
party, and that certificate is to he presented at
the Treasury. Well, now, if this bill is no ap-
propriation of the money to pay it, why was it
to be presented at the Treasury of the United
States? Will the gentleman explain that to me?
Mr. SIMMONS. For the same reason that,
when a man gives a note payable upon demand,
it must be presented for payment to the debtor,
and the creditor has no right to go into the
debtor's house, and appropriate whatever money
he may find there to the payment of the note.
Mr. LETCHER. It would be a very impor-
tant matter, if I had your note, and you were
insolvent, that I should present it to you. Would
it make it more obligatory upon you, or more
certainly due to me? If the money is payable
upon demand, and if there is no money to pay it,
what is the use of presenting it at the Treasury
Department? Why does not the bill provide that
it shall be presented to this House, in order that
an appropriation may be made, and directions
given to the Secretary of the Treasury to pay it?
Would not that be more reasonable? But the
bill is not content with the mere presentation of
the certificate. It declares that " said certificate
shall entitle the person or persons named therein,
or the legal holder thereof, to be paid." Now,
sir, when paid ?
Mr. SIMMONS. When the debtor provides
the fund and means of payment. If you have a
note payable upon demand, you must present it,
and that is all the meaning of that clause.
Mr. LETCHER. Let us see whether the bill
says that " said certificate shall entitle the person
or persons named therein, or the legal holder
thereof, to be paid"—not on. demand—but " to be
paid the sum also named therein on presentation
of said certificate at the Treasury of the United
States." When? " Within one year from its
date." Now, sir, if the money was not to have
been paid within one year, will the gentleman
explain to me why the committee inserted such a
clause as that ?
Mr. SIMMONS. It was the time of credit.
Mr. LETCHER. It was not.
Mr. SIMMONS. It was a declaration that
within a year it should be paid. It expressed
the time within which it should be paid. It de-
clares simply the right of the person, and that
the Government ought to pay it, or provide the
funds to its agent, the Secretary of the Treasury,
for the purpose of paying it.
Mr. LETCHER. If not paid within a year,
what then? .
Mr. SIMMONS. Then the claimant would
have to come to Congress and ask it to make an
appropriation.
Mr. LETCHER. Ah ! Then he would have
to come to Congress! But he has to go to the
Treasury Department within a year, and if he
can get his money he is not to come to Congress.
This would be putting him and the Government
to a good deal of trouble; and if it be really in-
tended to pay the party I do not see the policy
of this plan. Now, let us hear from my friend
from Maryland, [Mr. Dayis.]
Mr. SEWARD. I desire, Mr. Speaker, to
make a few remarks on this subject, and I hope
the gentleman from Virginia will not be allowed
to farm out the floor all day.
Mr. LETCHER. I hope my friend from
