1850.
THE CONGRESSIONAL ©LOBE.
I think, then, Mr. Clerk, that much blame is
attributable to all parties and to all members; I
take my share of it. I cannot justify myself for
having voted eight weeks in this House for one
single candidate. It shall not occur again. Be-
lieving as I do, that our failure to elect a presid-
ing officer of this House has cast more reproach
on our national reputation, both at home and
abroad, than any other event in our political his-
tory, I contemplate the present position of things
most painfully. I had supposed, sir, that the
experience of eight weeks would have brought
with it some instruction, and that the withdrawal
of my friend from Illinois [Mr. Richardson]
would have been followed by the selection—not
by caucus nomination, but by a gradual concen-
tration of votes—of some other gentleman to be
supported by us. But it was not so. A caucus
was again held, and it put in nomination another
gentleman of great ability and eminent fitness for
the station, but it placed him on the precise
grounds occupied by his predecessor, and sub-
jected him to all the disadvantages and difficulties
which have prevented his election.
Sir, in this respect, no party here is excusable;
none is without fault. The gentlemen who have
been voting for Mr. Fuller can no more claim a
justification of their course than the gentlemen
with whom I have been acting; and as to the gen-
tlemen who have been voting for Mr. Banks, I
do not see how they are to be excused for per-
sisting so long in voting for him alone, in the face
of the determination repeatedly expressed by this
House, that that gentleman shall not be its Speaker.
I would not be understood as assuming to dic-
tate to thatgentleman or to his friends; audi speak
in no terms of harshness; I speak in terms of
parliamentary courtesy, when I say that I would
not be placed in the position which he is made to
occupy without protesting vehemently and in-
dignantly against any such use of my name. I
do then think, sir, that the House of Representa-
tives has scarcely yet made a serious effort to elect
a Speaker.
Mr. MILLSON renewed the call for the pre-
vious question.
Mr. ALLISON addressed the Clerk.
The CLERK. The gentleman from Kentucky
[Mr. Alexander K. Marshall] demanded the
previous question on the resolution which he
offered. That call he withdrew, for the purpose
of allowing the gentleman from Virginia [Mr.
Millson] to address the House. The call having
been renewed, debate is not in order.
Mr. ALLISON. I hope the gentleman from
Kentucky will again withdraw his call for the
previous question.
Mr. ALEXANDER K. MARSHALL. Hav-
ing already withdrawn the call for the benefit of
a gentleman on one side of the House, I deem it
fit that the other side of the House shall also be
heard; and therefore I again withdraw the call
for the previous question.
Mr. ALLISON. I am obliged to the gentle-
man from Kentucky for having withdrawn, at
my request, his call for the previous question. It
will be remembered, Mr. Clerk, that the gentle-
man from Arkansas [Mr. Rust] offered, some
days ago, a resolution' similar to the one now
proposed by the gentleman from Kentucky, [Mr.
Alexander K. Marshall;] and I rose for the
purpose of objecting to that resolution on this
ground—and I hope that my Democratic friends
will pay attention to it.
I think that these resolutions violate the prin-
ciple of squatter sovereignty, inasmuch as they
dictate to one people their course of policy. That
is in violation of the great Democratic principle
of letting every people .take care of themselves.
Now the Republican party have thought proper
to pursue one course of policy, which does not
however appear to suit our friends on the other
side of the House; but if they would pay proper
respect to the great principle which they so much
admire, they would permit us still to continue our
own course, and to be governed by our own ideas
of propriety in this case. We are perfectly will-
ing that our Democratic friends may nominate
and support whom they please, and may present
him to the House for Speaker—have him voted
for as often as they may deem proper. We are
perfectly willing that our southern American
friends shall do the same thing. But we ask that,
in the resolutions which they offer, they shall have
a proper regard to that great principle which they
so much admire—namely, that every people shall
have a right to take care of themselves, and vote
for the candidate of their own selection, without
intfererence from other parties.
Now, if they permit us to do that, we will en-
deavor to present such a candidate as will insure
the largest support from our side of the House;
and we will endeavor to present k candidate worthy
of the support of their side of the House. And
we have, I take it, presented such a candidate in
the person of the gentleman from Massachusetts,
[Mr. Banks,] —a gentleman in every respect
worthy of the support of those who have sup-
ported him—a gentleman who would discharge
the duties of that office with great honor to himself,
and I doubt not, with acceptability to the mem-
bers of the House of Representatives. I hope
that our friends may treat us as they have been
treated by this side of the House. I ask nothing
more, ana I trust that nothing else will character-
ize their action in the House of Representatives.
Under the sense of the obligations imposed upon
us, we will strive to meet these obligations in
view of our responsibility to the country. We
will so act and so demean ourselves as will; in
our opinion, comport with a proper sense of our
honor, and of the responsibilities which devolve
upon us. I therefore trust that we will have no
more resolutions endeavoring to dictate to the
members on this side of the House, from gentle-
men of the other, for whom we shall throw out-
votes, or what should be our course of action.
I renew the call for the previous question.
Mr. COBB, of Georgia. I trust the call for the
previous question will not be urged now.
Mr. ALLISON. I have renewed the call merely
in view of my promise to the gentleman from
Kentucky, [Mr. Alexander K. Marshall.]
Mr. MARSHALL intimated his willingness
to withdraw the call temporarily.
Mr. COBB. I do not wish the gentleman to
withdraw the call merely for my benefit, and to
be.renewed again; but I ask him to withdraw it
in order that this question may be fully discussed.
Three sides of the House have been heard on
this resolution, and the fourth has not.
Mr. MARSHALL. Nothing could afford me
greater pleasure than to accommodate the gentle-
man from Georgia.
Mr. COBB. I ask the gentleman from Ken-
tucky to withdraw his call for the previous ques-
tion altogether. I want to say a very few words
in relation to the proposition itself, and in reply
to the remarks made by the gentleman from Vir-
ginia, [Mr. Millson.]
Mr. MARSHALL. Then I will simply re-
mark, before I withdraw the call for the previous
question, that I shall not ask its renewal. I
would not have withdrawn it at the request of
the honorable gentleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr.
Allison,] had I supposed that he desired to make
a party speech rather than a speech to the reso-
lution. I will rely, however, on the gentleman
from Georgia, [Mr. Cobb,] believing—from the
knowledge I have of him—that he will confine
himself entirely to that which is before the House,
or to a response to the remarks which have been
made, and to which the resolution has given rise.
I therefore withdraw the call for the previous
question, and will not ask him to renew it.
Mr. COBB. 'If I caught correctly the meaning
of the "resolution as it was read, it enunciates the
proposition, that the nomination of candidates for
the speakership by the respective parties in this
House has precluded the organization of the
House; it attributes the failure to organize to the
fact that these parties have made nominations;
and seeks to have the election hereafter conducted
free from party nominations. I do not concur in
that idea; and therefore I shall feel myself bound
to vote against the resolution offered by the gen-
tleman from Kentucky, [Mr. A, K. Marshall.]
The gentleman from Virginia, [Mr. Millson,]
in supporting the principle of that resolution,
assails the Democratic party for the course it has
pursued in originally making a nomination, and
for its being guilty of what he terms the extraor-
dinary proceeding of giving a reason for the sup-
port which the party promised to'its candidate.
I will support no candidate for any office without
there being a reason for it; and when the reason
ceases to operate, my support will bo withdrawn
from the candidate. I see no difference between
an individual- giving a reason for bis support of
a candidate, and a party, composed of individ-
uals, uniting and giving the same reason. • •
But, sir, in reference to the course pu'rsuedliy
the Democratic party, so far as, I am concerned
as a member of th^t party,! justify its proceed^
ings, and I sanctioned them at the time. t ;Jtg
subsequent proceeding I riso sanctioned, and I
sanction it to-day; and on a former occasion'si
trespassed on the patience of this House togivo
my reasons for it. What did they do, sir ?.. TVy
met together, nominated a candidate, and' an?
nounced their principles—announced their princi-
ples on two great, leading, controlling, and para-
mount questions. They have adhered to those
principles. But it was said, that that announce-
ment was offensive to the gentlemen composing
another party, who, perhaps, apart from that con-
sideration, would have given their support to the
candidate whom we had nominated. Sir, over
and over again have we, on this floor, disclaimed
any intention to make that resolution offensive to
anybody; and, in the declaration last made by
that party why wc adhered to the principles an-
nounced by our first caucus, there was no inten-
tion then, or at the first caucus, to make any
declaration offensive to any party whatever in
'this House. We simply made a declaration of
the principles upon which our party stood.
But, sir, in the history of political jsarties in
this country, this is the first time,, within my
knowledge, that a party has been condefiined for
an avowal of its principles. I have heard of par-
ties being assailed, and assailed violently.,v for
seeking to withhold their principles. I have
heard of parties being condemned for seeking to
palm off upon the country their candidates, with-
out an avowal of the principles upon which they
stood. But it has been left to the state of things
now prevailing to disclose an assault upon a
party for having publicly made known their Prin-
ciples and their determination to maintain them.
If I am asked for my reason for upholding the
course of the Democratic caucus in this House,
I will give it. It is this, sir: Why do we ad-
here to this principle? I statS frankly and can-
didly to this House, and to the country, that I
regard the preservation of the organization of the
Democratic party as essential to the best inter-
ests of this country. And I am unwilling to waive
that organization, by the abandonment or the
withdrawal of its principles. In one" seiiteilce
my reason is made known. I regard tli& con-
tinuance of the organization of the Democratic
party of this country as of more importance, than
the election of any man as Speaker of this House.
I believe that the best interests of this country
would suffer moie deeply if that organization were
abandoned than by the election of any man to the
speakership of this House. You may charge
me with speaking as a party man. I speak of
this party, because of the principles which it is
bound to carry out in the future administration
of this Government. Sir, these very principle^,
which were announced by the first caucus which
nominated Mr. Richardson, and adhered to by
the subsequent caucus which nominated Mr.
Our, are the principles of the Democratic party—
announced, defended, and successfully maintained
before the country; and these caucuses did nothing
more and nothing less than to declare that fact.
Having principles, we announced them; having
principles, we adhered to them.
Mr MILLSON. Will the gentleman now
allow me to say a word ?
Mr. COBB. If I have misrepresented the gen-
tleman from Virginia, I will allow him to correct
me. 1 have no time to spare.
Mr. MILLSON. The gentleman from Georgia
has been pleased to represent the remarks I sub-
mitted, expressing my opinions as to the rea-
sons which have delayed the organization of this
House, and in which I had expressed the belief
that all parties were justly chargcafale with blame
for having produced these results—I say the
gentleman from Georgia has been pleased to rep-
resent me in these remarks as having committed
an assault upon the Democratic party of the coun-
try. Now, I want to say to that gentleman, in
the first place, that the Representatives who assem-
bled in that caucus do not constitute the Demo-
cratic party; in the second place, I protest against
the injustice of being represented as assailing
the Democratic party in*this House, for having,
