1038
ME CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 25,
Georgia will have a little patience. It is a great
Virtue, [daughter.]
Mr. SEWARD. Yes, sir; but it is a virtue
.which the gentleman from Virginia never exer-
cises. [Laughter.]
Mr. DAVIS, of Maryland. I merely wish to
say, Mr. Speaker, that the law assumes that, when
Congress creates a debt, and designates a period
•within which it shall be paid, Congress will, in
'the regular appropriation bills, provide funds to
pay it. But the creation of an obligation is one
thing, and the providing funds to pay it is another.
It is iust exactly as when a person abroad draws
a bill of exchange or a general order on an indi-
vidual in this country, he contemplates placing
funds in that individual's hands to meet the bill.
That is the theory hero. It creates an obligation,
fixes a period within which it is to be paid, and
contemplates that Congress will make an appro-
priation to meet the obligation.
Mr. LETCHER. When is Congress, accord-
ing to my friend from Maryland, to make this
appropriation ?
Mr. DAVIS. Before the end of this session.
Mr. LETCHER. Suppose these commis-
sioners do not ascertain the amount of the liabil-
ities under this bill within.twelve months'time,
will not the appropriation have to wait for another
Congress? The commissioners cannot ascertain
the amount within that time, because the bill goes
back for a period of eighteen years, and embraces
all the fires that have occurred in the United
States during all that time. Therefore, it would
be an utter impossibility, if the bill were passed,
to ascertain before the close of this Congress the
amount of liabilities.
Mr. DAVIS. If this bill makes an appropri-
ation at all, it is an indefinite appropriation. I
maintain that it makes no appropriation at all.
We cannot appropriate or sot apart money until
tils amount required is ascertained.
Mr. LETCHER. Why not, Mr. Speaker?
Why can we not pass a bill declaring that such
amount of money, as may be necessary to meet
these claims when ascertained, is hereby appro-
priated? I ask my friend from Maryland why
can that not be done ?
Mr. DAVIS. There is no reason why it can-
not be done. All I say is, that it is not done.
Mr. LETCHER. Very well, then. Here is
something which is vastly worse. You propose
here to ascertain these amounts, and you propose
to pay them without even that form and cere-
mony in regard to it. Well, now, sir, finally I
should like to know from any member of this
Committee of Commerce whether, at the time when
his committee considered this bill, or at the time
when they reported it to this House, when the
previous question was sought to be sustained,
and the bill forced through the House under it,
they did not consider that every amount claimed
under this bill, if it passed, would be paid 011 the
presentation of the certificate ?
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Not one.
Mr. PELTON. Not one of the committee, as
far as I understand. The matter was discussed
in the committee; and it was understood that this
was not an appropriation bill, and that it would
be necessary to make a special appropriation be-
fore a dollar would be paid from the Treasury
under it.
Mr. SEWARD. I object to this interrogation
of gentlemen on the floor.
Mr. LETCHER. Then, if this appropriation
\yas not considered an appropriation, why was it
sought to be forced through this House ? Why
were members unwilling that the bill should be
printed; that it should be examined; that it should
be discussed; that the amount tor which the Gov-
ernment will be liable under it should be ascer-
tained before it wasdiiven with hot haste through
this body?
Mr. ICEITT. I ask the gentleman to yield the
floor, that I may move an adjournment.
Mr. LEI CHER. I will yield for no such pur-
pose; but I will yield to the gentleman from Goor-
gia.
Mr. SEWARD. I think, Mr. Speaker, it is a
happy thing that this question has been discussed,
in view of the manner in which business has been
transacted by some of the departments of the
Government for a series of years. Of this, how-
ever, I do not propose to-day to speak at length.
I simply want to vindicate my own vote, and to
convict gentlemen on this side of the House, from
the record, of inconsistency in the position which
they assume here to-day. At the last session of
Congress the Gadsden treaty was confirmed by
this Government under the powers vested in the
President and Senate of the United States; and
in that treaty it was stipulated that $10,000,000
should be paid in consideration of the transfer to
the Government of the United States of a certain
quantity of land. Now, I want to call the atten-
tion of the gentleman to the language of that
treaty. The Constitution expressly declares that
treaties executed in compliance with the Consti-
tution, shall be the supreme law of the land. A
treaty is a law which Congress cannot repeal.
It is higher than a civil act of legislation. If
the position which gentlemen assume here to-day
be right, that this bill now under consideration
confers to the Secretary of the Treasury the right
to pay the amounts which may be due to these
claimants by virtue of this legislation, I ask them
to tell me why it was necessary to appropriate
$10,000,000 to carry out the stipulations of this
treaty? I will read the language of the treaty,
and then let gentlemen answer me:
" In consideration of the foregoing stipulations the Gov-
ernment of tlio United States agrees to pay to the Gov-
ernment of Mexico, in the city ol1 New y01k, the sum of
§10,000,000—of which .<$7,000,000 shall be paid immediately
on tile exchange of ratifications."
Shall bo paid immediately. It is imperative.
It should be paid immediately under this treaty,
which was the supreme law of the land, and which
Congress could not repeal.
u Ami the remaining $3,000,000 as soon as the boundary
line hhall he surveyed, marked, and established."
Now, sir, was that an appropriation of money?
Could you make language stronger? If it were
an appropriation of money, why did the House
of Representatives assume to make a distinct ap-
propriation to pay this §10,000,000 which the
supreme law of the land declared should be paid
on the exchange of ratifications?
Now, what do I understand by this bill? I do
not intend to discuss its merits, nor do I intend
to commit myself one way or other in regard to
it until I read it; but i am going to give my con-
struction of that portion of the aet which has
created the difficulty in this House. It reads
titus:
" Which said certificate shoil entitle the person or persons
named theiein, or the legal holder thereof, to be paid the
sum also named therein, on presentation of said ccitificate
at the Treasury of the United States ivithm one yeai from
its date."
I put it to this House to furnish any good rea-
son why these twelve months were embraced
in this act, which must elapse before the claim
matured. It conveys to my mind, unmistakably,
the idea that the postponement of the payment
of the debt was to enable Congress to make the
appropriation; else why postpone the payment
twelve months?
Mr. ORR. The gentleman misunderstands the
bill. It must be paid within twelve months.
Mr. SEWARD. Very well; then I want to
know why that provision should be put in the
bill. If the Government owes a debt, and it is not
paid within twelve months, does that extinguish
the debt?
Mr. ORR. If the claim is not presented within
twelve months, it is barred.
Mr. SEWARD. That is a very strange sys-
tem of logic.
Mr. ORR. It is very strange indeed.
Mr. SEWARD. If I hold a claim against the
Government, and the Government has made the
appropriation for its payment, I cannot be barred
from receiving the money on account of not pre-
senting it within a period of twelve months.
Mr. ORR. That is the language of the bill.
Mr. SEWARD. Why, if the money is ap-
propriated and set apart, how does it require an
additional appropriation ? If the money is appro-
priated for the extinguishment of the debt, it must
be applied for that purpose. 1 apprehend that it
is easy to convince any logical man 111 this House
of that fact.
Now, sir, the precedents which have been cited
here show to my mind the importance of sus-
taining the decision which the Speaker has made.
They show the propriety of taking the position
which I have taken. The Treasury of the coun-
try would never supply the claims that would
have to be paid under this system of legislation
if we are to establish the construction that the
Secretary of the Treasury is authorized to pay
such claims without an appropriation by Con-
If it had been intended to make the appropria-
tion in this bill, it should have read " that the
sum of §500,000, or so much thereof as may be
necessary, is hereby appropriated for the pay-
ment of said certificates."
Why, sir, let members of Congress go and ex-
amine your records. Let them examine the act
of 1849, for the payment of lost horses, and all
the acts for the satisfaction of claims arising out
of losses in the military service of the country.
They have become so complicated and so volumin-
ous, that members of Congress themselves can-
not understand them; and hence the necessity of
laying down the rule that, whenever money is
appropriated for any purpose, there must be an
amount specified in that act, so that the Treasurer
shall not go beyond the authority which the Le-
gislature intended to confer upon him. Wc ought
not to confer upon the Departments an unlimited
power of paying millions out of the Treasury.
The system contended for by the gentleman from
South Carolina is not a safe one. Under it,
every dollar in the Treasury is in the hands of
the Treasurer, to be paid out to claimants for such
claims as he may think just and proper.
Mr. QUITMAN. Before casting my vote upon
the question which involves the correctness of
the Speaker's decision, 1 feel desirous of giving,
in a few words, the reasons why I shall vote
against the decision of the Speaker. The ques-
tion before the House is, What constitutes an ap-
propriation of money out of the Treasury of the
United States. If 1 understand the gentleman from
Georgia who has last spoken, [Mr. Seward,]
nothing can constitute an appropriation of money
out of the Treasury, except the word " appropria-
tion "of a specific sum. Do 1 understand him
correctly—-that there can be no appropriation un-
less a fixed sum is named in the bill, or that it is
not an appropriation, unless the word "appro-
priate" is contained in it?
Now, Mr. Speaker, what does the Constitution
mean when it provides that no money shall be paid
out of the Treasury, unless it is paid by law ?
What is the meaning of " appropriation?" I refer
the learned gentleman from New York, [Mr. Sim-
mons,] who has given us a dissertation upon this
subject, to his Latin dictionary. "Appropriate"
means to apply money from general purposes to
the use of a specific individual, for a specific pur-
pose. That is-the meaning of the word "appro-
priate" Do gentlemen mean to say that 110
money enn be appropriated without the use of the
word " appropriate, or without designating a
specific sum ?
If we pass this law, will we not direct the Sec-
retary of the Treasury to pay this sum? What
does this bill mean > It designs clearly, that on
the presentation of the certificate at the Treasury,
it shall be paid. It directs the accounting officers
to pay it. It appropriates so much of the funds
of the United States as may be in the Treasury
of the United States for this purpose, and directs
the officers to pay it. It is, therefore, in every
respect, a clear blank appropriation. If this
House should merely set aside a specific sum,
covering the amount proposed to be appropriated,
it would simply designate that that portion of the
funds in the Treasury should not be paid for any
other purpose. The honorable gentleman from
Georgia attempts to throw on the Democratic
side of the House an imputation of inconsistency,
and refers to its action on the subject of the Gads-
den treaty. That action is easily exjolained. A
treaty may be the supreme law of the land; but
when the framers of the Constitution ingrafted
on it the clause that no money should be paid
out of the Treasury, except in compliance with
appropriations made by law, they used the word
law—not 111 the general sense in which the gen-
tleman uses it, but in the technical sense, so to
speak, as the act of the two branches of the
Legislature. The Constitution wisely intended
to provide that no money should be appropriated
for specific purposes, without the sanction of the
Representatives as well as that of the Senators.
That is the check which this House exercises on
the Senate in the making of treaties. If thorn
be an appropriation necessary, the treaty cannot
go into effect without a law, passed by both
