*09
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[April 2,
34th Cong.... 1st Sess.
Our Relations with England—Mr. Fessenden.
Senate.
think now, as I thought ilien,that the discussion
was out of place: Ia,'. as it stands at present,
anything whit ; ' can say will <lo no harm if it
caii do good; utt my particular corstituents are
so much interested "in the continuance of the
peaceful relations of this country, that I feel
compelled to express the opinions which 1 en-
tertain upon the subject.
1 do not agree with my honorable friend from
New York, that the British proposition or sug-
gestion to committhe subject to arbitration changes
the question at all; because our experience does
not tend to render this country particularly favor-
able to that mode of settling national difficulties;
and, in the next place, it is perfectly obvious that
the proposition will probably amount to nothing
| a great deal of force, that the assumed protector- !
ate over the Mosquito Indians is a mere shadow, J
a pretense. Of course it is. No protectorate j
that Great Britain ever assumed in the world was
anything in the beginning but a mere pretense.
What is the well-known policy of Great Britain?
Acquisition of territory. It lias been so for three
hundred years, at least. There has been, on her
part, a constant and unvarying devotion to the
single idea of obtaining territory and founding
colonies in all parts of the globe; and where she
could not found colonies, to establish military or
naval stations; and to seize the salient points of
the world everywhere, in Asia, Africa, Europe,
and America. For what purpose ? To control
the commerce of the world. She has occupied a
because, although the offer has been made, sub- i' most admirable position for that purpose. * But,
stantially, at three distinct periods, it has never 1 unfortunately, being restricted to most narrow
been answered or treated with any respect what- territorial limits at home, it became a great object
ever by our Government. We can, therefore, with her statesmen, at an early day, to establish
expect no result from that suggestion, and some ; j colonies and to obtain military stations and naval
mode must be adopted of settling this difficulty,
entirely different from any resort to arbitration.
Mr. President, honorable Senators have taken
occasion to speak at considerable length of the
British title. Now, sir, if our construction of the
treaty be correct; if we are right in the position
assumed by our Government, and reiterated by
Senators in this debate, in reference to the true
construction of the treaty, it would seem to follow
that what the British title in Central America may
be, whether good or bad, is of no possible con-
sequence. If Great Britain has agreed to with-
draw entirely from Central America; if she has
agreed not to occupy, fortify, colonize, or assume
or exercise dominion over it in any form or shape,
or to any extent; then, though she might have
had ever so strong a title before that period, it is
entirely abandonee!. It strikes me, therefore, that
when honorable Senators made such efforts to
show that the right of Great Britain to a protect-
orate over the Mosquito lnd ians, and to occupy the
territory lying between the Siboon and the Sars-
toon rivers, was wholly without foundation, they
were wasting strength on a point of no conse-
quence, provided the position which they assumed
as to the true construction of the treaty was cor-
rect. If the British construction be correct, it
becomes of some consequence to show that, at
the time when the treaty was formed, the British
Government had no title or right of possession
there.
If gentlemen choose to stand on the Monroe
doctrine, (which I do in a certain contingency,
to some extent,) it may then become important.
But otherwise it is of no importance to us, for
the reason, it is a foreign territory, with which
we have no connection, if we leave out of view
any right we hav$ to interfere by reason of our
stations, in order, by her energies and enterprise,
to effect a purpose so essential to her national
power and renown. Her policy has been un-
varying with reference to this point. Her eye
has been single to this object from time whereof
not only the memory, but, I had almost said, the
modern history of man runneth not to the con-
trary.
One favorite mode of attaining this object has
been a protectorate—a very simple process, by
which she first plants her foot, under some pre-
tense, on the territory of some other nation,
generally under the pretense of trade. She thus
forms associations with the subjects of another i
Government. Its temporary character becomes !
after a while permanent. She claims the right
to protect some portion of a foreign people against
their lawful rulers, and, at last, by a very natural
process,where her power is not wanting, her foot
is fixed so firmly on the soil that the territory
and people thus protected cannot afterwards be
wrested from her grasp. Such was her policy in
India. Kingdom after kingdom, principality after
principality, has been thus added to the dominions
of Great Britain in the East, till her power there
has become so overgrown in bulk, as to be almost
beyond even her power to wield. It is only a few
days since, that we read the announcement that
she had finally annexed the kingdom of Oude. I
believe it contains, according to what I 'have seen
in the newspapers, about twenty-four thousand
square miles of territory, and three millions of
inhabitants. One hundred years ago she assumed
to protect that kingdom. There she soon be-
came, as she always does, its supreme directress;
and now, at the end of one hundred years, she
dispenses with all forms of government by the
native princes, and the native people, pensions
peculiar position. Being a foreign territory, sup- || off those who claim the right to govern, and has
Art 4 A ■-( « ftk am   .     _ 1 1 . " 1 / 1 . 1 , « t ■ ® —
pose Great Britain, or any other nation, does as-
sume and exercise jurisdiction over a part of it,
what is that to us ? What right have we to inter-
fere if our commerce is not interfered with, our
5ag is not insulted, and our people are not mo-
lested in any manner whatever? What is it to
us if Great Britain chooses to assume a protect-
orate without right over the Mosquito Indians, or
to found a colony called the Colony of the Bay
Islands ? It is no infringement on our rights in
any shape or form. Unless we can have some
other right to intervene, besides
annexed that kingdom to her empire in India.
She attempted the same thing—it was a part of
the old story—when she began her settlements on
the coast of Central America and Mexico. She
intruded for the purpose of cutting wood on one
portion of it; she went for the purpose of trade
with the Mosquito Indians on another portion.
After a while, she assumed to be the protector
of these Indians, and she remained so for a long
period of time. And, sir, if it had not been for
subsequent and unexpected events, she would
undoubtedly have acquired large territory, and
as in other
- . , that of being  v „
merely neighbors, living on the same continent, ! established herself as firmly there
it is a matter which can be of no concern to us " portions of the continent.
what the title of Great Britain may be to any
portion of the territory in question; and if we
once assume the position that our exposition of
the treaty is right, and that position is tenable,
the original title of Great Britain in that territory
becomes of still less consequence; and I am
But, sir, the events of our own Revolution,
which was brought about by the same insatiate
desire to monopolize the trade of the world,
placed her for a short period in another position;
and Spain, from her connection with us in that
struggle, was enabled to banish Great Britain
which that point was argued at so great leDgth
by Senators who founded their argument wholly
upon the provisions of the treaty alone, and upon
the view of those provisions taken by our Gov-
ernment. ,
There is, however, one point of view in which
it is important to look at this title; and I propose
to examine it slightly, so far as it tends to aid us
in arriving at a correct exposition of the treaty
itself. In that light it may be well that we should
•WW*** it. Gentlemen have said, and said, with
„ 1 _ . .  ? , ? —, .*■ cuauicu Uttuisn «j:reai Britain
' ,-1^;c;omPrf^elld the object for ! from her jportion of this continent. Thus were
■u, „ — .. . , . brought about the treaties of 1783 and of 1786,
which have been so frequently alluded to. I
trust the Senate, although they have been spoken
for the purpose of cutting dye-wood, but ex-
pressly, in terms as strong as a treaty could be
expressed, provided that no dominion should be
exercised by Great Britain of any kind or de-
scription; that she .should erect no fortifications,
and have no military or naval power connected
with it. The treaty of 1786 was more particular.
By the first article of that treaty, if I recollect
aright—it is before nie, but 1 will not trouble the
Senate by reading it—Great Britain was expelled
again from the territory; and by the fourteenth
article she substantially, in as strong terms as
could be used, abandoned her protectorate over
the Mosquito Indians, placing herself in the posi-
tion of a suppliant to the Spanish King, asking
that the Mosquito Indians might not be punished
for their previous connection witli her. That
treaty also enlarged the bounds of the Belize,
whicli was the territory in Mexico set aside for
the purpose of enabling her to cut certain woods,
and, 1 believe, extended the nature of the opera-
tions which she might carry on within those
limits.
But, sir, I wish to call the attention of the Sen-
ate, in this connection, to one point in reference
to the construction of the treaty of 1786, which
is important, in relation to the notes which passed
between Sir Henry Bulwer and Mr. Clayton. In
one article of the treaty of 1786, it is provided
that, in addition to possessing this territory for the
purpose of cutting certain woods, Great Britain
might occupy certain islands near the Belize for
the same purposes for which the original territory
was granted. It does not occur to me whether
there was more than one island specified; but
there was one, at least, designated as being very
near the territory itself. Senators can examine
for themselves. Itwillbenoticed,also,in reading
that treaty, that over and over again—and I refer
to it because the language is striking when con-
sidered with what occurred afterwards in connec-
tion with the convention of 1850—the possession
of Great Britain in Mexico, at the Belize, is called
" a settlement." It is " a settlement" from the
beginning to the end; it is called by no other name.
Itis " a settlement" which Great Britain is to have;
and the settlements which she has had on other
parts of the territory are spoken of in other parts
of the treaty. In that treaty we not only have an
abandonment of the protectorate itself, and an
abandonment of all the territory except a small
portion lying within certain restricted limits, but
we have an additional grant of an island as con-
nected with that territory; and we have also a
definition of the peculiar character of the title—if
I may call it a title—which Great Britain claimed
at that period.
Thus the matter was left by the treaty of 1786.
Great Britain withdrew from the continent, as
has been stated, and removed her people. But
! j we know—it is a matter familiar in history—that
! the empire of Spain on this continent was then
becoming weaker and weaker every day, and her
power at home was rapidly diminishing; in fact,
she was fast falling from the position of a first
class to that of a second class Power in Europe,
and she was hardly able to protect herself and
preserve her colonies. She certainly was not able
to look after and resist the encroachments of a
Power so great and increasing as Great Britain.
The consequence was, that very so on afterwards
Great Britain resumed her operations, and com-
menced anew her connection with the Indians—
began to protect the Mosquitoes once more. She
intruded herself upon their territory, renewed
her old relations with them, and, in addition to
that, extended the limits of the grant that had
been made to her, so as to cover nearly the whole
eastern shore of the kingdom of Guatemala. It
is also well known that not only was Spain in no
condition during that period to resist these en-
croachments, but the provinces of Spain, when
they assumed their independence, were quite aa
unable to protect_themselves. The consequence
of so often before, will pardon me for referring ij was, that Great Britain placed herself once more
to them again. <•   •- < •• ■ - - ■ ■ •
The treaty of 1783 substantially expelled Great
Britain from Central America and Mexico, and
shut her out. That treaty was not, however,
very minute in its details. It granted to Great
Britain the right to use a certain portion of that
territory—the usufruct of a very small part of it—
in precisely the position in which she was when
the treaty of 1783 was formed; and there seemed
to be no power that could prevent the consum-
mation of her designs upon Central America.
Thus matters stood until a remarkable change
in our own geographical condition, in consequence
of two events whisk occurred very Hear each
