1856.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1913
PATAPSCO RIVER IMPROVEMENT.
Mr. HARRIS, of Maryland, asked the unani-
mous consent of the House to discharge the Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union
from the further consideration of the bill for the
improvement of the navigation of the Patapsco
river, and to render the port of Baltimore accessi-
ble to the war steamersof the United States, and
to consider the bill at this time.
Mr. PHELPS objected.
Mr. HARRIS moved to suspend the rules.
Mr. "WALKER. I have no desire to interfere
with the purpose of my friend from Maryland in
the proposition I am about to suggest. But the
House will recollect that some time since I made
a similar motion for the purpose of taking up a
bill for the improvement of Mobile harbor and
bay; but I could not get the necessary vote to
suspend the rules. I think that bill ought to go
with that of my friend from Maryland, and I
ask him to include both in his motion to suspend
the rules.
Mr. HARRIS. There is nota gentleman here
towards whom my heart is warmer; but, under
the circumstances, I cannot accede to the request
of the gentleman from Alabama.
Mr. LETCHER demanded the yeas and nays
upon the motion to suspend the rules.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and there were—yeas
130, nays 38; as follows:
YEAS —Messrs. Albright, Allison, Ball, Barbour, Bar-
clay, Henry Bennett, Benson, Billmghurst, Bowie, Brad*
shaw, Bioom, Buffinton, James H. Campbell, John P.
Campbell, Lewis D. Campbell, Chaffee, Claw&on, Colfax,
Comms, Covode, Cox, Cragin, Cullen, Cumback, Henry
Winter Davis, Timothy Davis*, Day, Dean, Denver, Dick,
Dodd, Dunn, Durfee, Edie, Edvvaids, Emrie, Etheridge,
Eustis, Evans, Flagler, Florence, Foster, Hcmy M. Fuller,
Galloway, Gilbert, Oianger, Robeit B. Hall, Ildilan, J.
Morrison Harris, Hairison, Haven, Herbert, Hoffman,
Holloway, Thomas R. Horton, Valentine B. Horton, Kelsey,
Kennett," King, Knight, Knowlton, Knox, Lake, Lexter,
Mace, Humphrey Marshall, Matteson, Moore, Morgan,
Morrill, Mott, Nichols, Norton, Andrew Oliver. Paiker,
Pcaree. Peck, Pelton, Pennington, Perry, Pettit, Pike,
Portet , Pimgle, Purvianee, Purjear, Reade, Ready. Ritchie,
Rivfrs, Bobbins, Roberts, Robison, rfabin, Sage. Sapp,
Seward, Sherman, Simmons, William R. Smith, Sneed,
Spinner, Stanton, Swope, Tappan, Tjhoungton, Thurston,
Traiton, Trippc, Tyson, Underwood, Valk, Wade, Wake-
man, Waldron, Walker, CadvvaladerC. Washburne, Ellihu
B. Washburne, Jsrael Washburn, VVatkms, Watson,
Welch, W7ells, Whitney, Williams, Winslow, Wood,
Woodruff, Wood worth, and -ZollicofTer—130.
NAYS — Messrs. Aiken, Ilendley S. Bennett, Bliss,
Bocock, Boyce, Branch, Brooks, Carhle, Caskie, Howell
Cobb, Williamson R. W. Cobb. Crawford, Damrell, Dow-
dell, Edinundson, Thomas J. [). Fuller, Giddmgs, Goode,
Greenwood, Grow, Hickman, Houston, George VV. Jones,
Kidwell, Knapp, Letcher, Kilbari Miller, Millson, Phelps,
Powell, Quitman, Rufiin, Savage, Shorter, Todd, Warner,
Daniel B. Wnght, and John V. Wright—38.
So (two thirds having voted in the affirmative)
the rules were suspended.
Pending the call of the roll,
Mr. BOWIE stated that his colleague, Mr.
Stewart, had paired off with Mr. De Witt.
Mr. HUGHSTOjN" stated that he had paired
off with Mr. Burnett.
The question was then on ordering the bill to
a third reading.
Mr. HARRIS. This measure has boon very
strongly recommended by the corps of engineers,
and by the Department. I could say a good deal
in favor of its passage by the House, and present
some strong points. But as gentlemen have been
kind enough to suspend the rules, I will not take
up the time of the House with a speech , but will
leave the matter to their generosity and liberality.
I move the previous question.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered to be put.
The bill was then ordered to a third reading,
and was accordingly read the third time.
Mr. HARRIS moved the previous question on
the passage of the bill.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered to be put.
Mr. JOKES, of Tennessee, asked for the yeas
and nays upon the passage of the bill.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
The question was taken, and the bill was passed.
Mr. HARRIS moved to reconsider the vote by
which the bill was passed, and also moved that
the motion to reconsider be laid on the tabic;
which latter motion was agreed to.
BILT, REFERRED.
Mr. SAVAGE, by unanimous consent, re-
ported back from the Committee on Invalid Pen-
sions, a bill to amend an act granting pensions to
the officers and soldiers of the war with Great
Britain of 1812, and those engaged in the Indian
wars during that period; which was referred to
the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. S. moved to reconsider the vote by which
the bill was referred, and also moved to lay the
n#>tion to reconsider on the table; which latter
motion was agreed to.
ARRESTS IN KANSAS.
Mr. PURVIANCE asked the unanimous con-
sent of the House to introduce the following
resolution:
Resolved, That the Judiciary Committee be instructed
forthwith to inquire into, and report upon, by what author-
ity the recent arrests, in the Territory of Kansas, of N. W.
Dietzler, George W. Smith, George W. Brown, and others,
were made, together with the offenses with which they
stand charged, and if imprisoned upon a charge ot' treason
for participating in the formation of the free-State consti-
tution at Topeka, to report a bill directing nolle prosequi to
be entered upon the indictments against said parties; and
that said committee have power to send for persons and
papers.
Mr. PHELPS objected.
Mr. PURVIANCE moved to suspend the
rules.
Mr. PHELPS demanded the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. PHELPS. I desire to know whether the
standing committees of this House do not expire
with the adjournment of Congress; and whether
the object of this resolution is not to continue
one of the standi
during the recess ?
The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks it is com-
petent for the House to suspend its rules to intro-
duce the resolution.
Mr. PHELPS. Certainly it is competent for
the House to suspend its rules for that purpose;
but I inquire of the Chair if the standing com-
mittees of the House do not expire with the pres-
ent session of Congress ?
The SPEAKER. That is a question which
may arise hereafter.
Mr. PIIELPS. Then I desire to state that
such is the fact, and that the effect of this reso-
lution will be to extend one of the standing com-
mittees of the House through the recess. [Cries
of <l Order!"]
The question was taken on Mr. Purviance's
motion; and there were—yeas 106, nays 74; as
follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Albright, Allison, Ball. Barbour, Bar-
clay, Henry Bennett, Benson, Bilhnghurst, Bliss, Brad-
: shaw, lirenton, Broom, Buttintoii, Jnnies H. Campbell,
j Lewis D. Campbell, Chaffee, Ezra Clark, dawson, Colfax,
Comms, Covode, Cragin, Cuiien, (.'imibuck, Damrell,Tim-
othy Davis, Day, Dean, Dick, Dodd, Dunn, Durfee, Edie,
Edwards, Km no, Flagler, Galloway, Guldnigs, Gilbert,
Granger, Giow, Robert 15. Hall, Harlan, Harrison, Jliekman,
Ilolloway, Thomas R. Horton, Valentine B. Horron, KeJ-
sey, King, Knapp, Knight, Knovvlton. Knov, T.eiter, JYIaee,
Matteson, McCarty, Killian Miller, Moore, Morgan, Mor-
rill, Mott, Murray, Nichols, Norton, Andrew uliver, barker,
rearce, Pelton,'Pennington, Perry, Pettit, Pike, Pnngle,
Purviance, Ritchie, Robbitis, Roberts, Sabm, Sage, Sapp,
Sherman, Simmons, Spinner, Stanton, Tappail, Thorillgton,
Thurston, Todd, Tiaftou, Tyson, Wade, Wakeman, Wal-
bridge, Waldron. Oadvvatader C. Washburne, Klhtiu li.
Washburne, Israel Washburn, Watson, Welch, Wells,
Whitney, Wood, Woodruff', and Woodwoith—100.
NAYri—Messrs. Aiken. Bell, Ilendley S. Bennett, Bo-
cock, Bowie, Povee, Branch. Cad\va!adei..lohn P. Camp-
bell, Garble, Carutheis, Caskie, Howell Cobb, Williamson
11. W. Cobb, Cox, Crawford, Davidson, Denvet, Dowdeil,
Edinundson, English, Eustis, Faulkner, Florence, Foster,
Thomas J. I). Fuller, Goode, Greenwood, Thomas L. Har-
. ris, Herbert, Hoffman, Houston, George W. Jones, Kelly,
1 Kennett. Ktdwei), Lake, Letcher, Humphrey Marshall,
i Maxwell, MeMuilm, Smith Miller, Millson, Mordecai Oli-
1 ver, Peek, Phelps, Foiter, Powell, Purjear, Quitman,
![ Reade, Reads', Rivers, Rufiin, Savage, Seward, Shorter,
I Samuel A. Smith, William R. Smith, Sneed, Stephens,
ii Swope, Talbott, Taylor, Trippe, Underwood, Valk,
j Walker, Warner, Watkins, Winslow, Daniel B. Wright,
and John V. Wright—74.
So (two thirds not having voted ill the affirma-
; tive) the rules were not suspended.
; Pending the call of the roll,
i Mr. KTJNKEL stated that, if he had been
i' within the bar when his name was called, he
|! should have voted ay.
!; Mr. ORR stated that if he had been within the
;i bar when his name was called, he should have
j voted in the negative.
ij LOUISVILLE AND PORTLAND CANAL.
- Mr. KENNETT. Mr. Sneaker, I ask the
( unanimous consent of the Ilouse for leave to
report from the Committee, on Commerce a bill to
enlarge and improve the Louisville and Portland
canal.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I object.
Mr. KENNETT. 1 move, then, that the rules
be suspended for the purpose indicated. I hope
the objection will be withdrawn, for it will only
unnecessarily consume the time of the House.
Mv object is to report the bill, that it may be
referred to the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union.
Mr. JONES. I insist on my objection.
The question was taken on Mr. Kennett's
motion, and it was agreed to; there being, on a
division—ayes 114, noes 27.
So (two thirds voting in the affirmative) the
rules were suspended.
Mr. KENNETT, accordingly, from the Com-
mittee on Commerce, reported a bill to enlarge
and improve the Louisville and Portland canal;
which was read a first and second time, referred
to the Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union, and, with the accompanying report,
ordered to be printed.
PACIFIC RAILROAD.
Mr. DENVER. Mr. Speaker, I ask the unan-
imous consent of the House for leave to report
from the select committee on a railroad to the
Pacific a bill to provide for the establishment of
a railroad and telegraphic communication between
the Atlantic States and the Pacific ocean, and for
other purposes, in order that it may be referred
to the Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I object.
Mr. DENVER. I move, then, that the rules
of the House be suspended for the purpose indi-
cated.
Mr. JONES. I demand the yeas and nays on
that motion.
Mr. COBB, of Alabama. I ask for tellers on
the call for the yeas and nays.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Cobb and
Pelton were appointed.
The question was taken; and the tellers re-
ported—ayes 37, noes 112.
So the yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. COBB. I would like to know what the
gentleman intends to do if the bill be introduced?
The SPEAKER. The gentleman has stated
that he asks to report the bill, that it may be
referred to the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union.
Mr. COBB. And when they get it there, the
next motion will be to suspend the rules in order
that that committee may be discharged from its
further consideration, bring it into the House,and
put it on its passage.
The question was taken on Mr. Denver's mo-
tion; and there were—yeas 108, nays 74; as fol-
lows:
YEAS—Messrs. Albiight, Barbour, Barclay, Hoary Ben-
nett, Benson, Bilhnghurst, Bli^s, Bowie, Bradatiaw, Bren-
ton, Broom, flu flint on, James H. Campbell, John P. Camp-
bell, Lewis L). Campbell, Carutherx, Chaffee, Colfnx,
Comms, Covode, Cox, Cragin, Damrell, Henry Winter
Davis, Timothy Davis, Denver, Dick, Dodd, Dunn, Emrie,
English, Evans, llenry IV!. Puller, Galloway, Granger,
Greenwood, Robert B. Hall, Harlan, J. Morrison Harris,
Thomas L. Harris, Harrison, Haven, Herbert, Hoffman,
Holloway, Valentine B. Horton, Jewctt, Kelsey, Kennett,
Knapp, Knight, Knowlton, Knox, Kunkel, Leiter, Hum-
phrey Marshall, Matteson, McCarty, Morgan, Morrill,
Mott, Murrav, Norton, Mordecai Ohver, Parker, Peck,
Pelton, Perry, Pettit, Phelps, Pike, Portei\ Priogle, Pur-
vianee, Reade, Ready, Richardson, Ritchie, Rivers,Roberts,
Sage, Sandidge, Sapp, SewSrd, Sherman, Simmons,
Spinner, Stanton, Swope, Tappan, Taylor, Thorington,
Traiton, Tyson, Underwood, Wade, Wakeman, Walker,
Cadwalader Wa&bburne, Ellihu B. Washburne, Israel
Washburn, Watkins, Wells, Whitney, Williams, Wood,
Woodworth, and ZoJhcoffer—108.
NAYS—Messrs. Aiken, Ball. Bell, Hendtey S. Bennett,
Bocock, Boyce, Branch, Burnett, Cadwalader, Carhle,
Caskie, Ezra Clark, Clawson, Howell Cobb, Williamson R.
W. Cobb, Crawford, Cullen, Cumback. Davidson, Dean,
Dowdeil, Durfee, Edie, Edinundson, Edwards, Etheridge,
Faulkner. Florence, Foster, Thomas J. D. Fuller, Giddmgs,
Gilbert, Goode, Grow, Hickman, Thomas R. Horton,
Houston, Ilugbeton, George W. Jones, Kidwell, King,
Lake, Letchei, McMulhn, KiHian Miller, Smith Miller,
Mill>on, Andrew Oliver, Orr, Pennington, Powell, Quu-
.. , i < _ i.    T).. AS*. Cffil\t« Qoimira CliArtAp
Winslow, Woodruff, Daniel B. Wright, and Jolm V.
Wright—74.
So the rules were not suspended, two thirds
not voting in the affirmative.
Pending the above call,
Mr. HICKMAN stated that his colleague, Mr.
