Ml
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 29,
while a majority of two to one of their party tell
us they will not vote with us for one of o.ur party;
and, when we would fail of an election, they
-would turn round and say to us, " Wow, gentle-
men, let us elect a National American." The
proposition, so far, as I am concerned—and I
speak for myself alone—is declined.
■ Sir, from the record which has been made in
this House from the beginning of this session till
now, gentlemen who claim to be National Amer-
icans have, by the one hundred and twenty weight
votes which they have given, regarded the ques-
tion of their own order as paramount to any other
and all questions connected with the organization
of the House. We have stood opposed in the
country to the American organization both North
and South. While these National Americans say
that they agree with us on the slavery question,
they, by their votes here for one hundred and
twenty-eight times, have declared that they regard
•the National American organization as of more
importance than the slavery question. It is then
for them, not for us, to determine which is the
paramount question. There is one kind of fish
which will bite, I believe, at a naked hook. They
are called "gudgeon." My friend from Ken-
tucky [Mr. Alexander. K. Marshall] must
have thought when he-offered the proposition that
the Democratic party, like the gudgeon, would be
caught by biting at the naked hook.
[Some remarks here passed between Messrs.
Richardson and Alexander K. Marshall,
which were utterly inaudible at the reporter's
chair.]
Mr. RICHARDSON, (in answer to a remark
of Mr. Marshall.) Then you do ''not mean
to try and catch me. I would be worse than a
gudgeon, to bite at such a hook as that.
We may as well, Mr. Cierk, deal frankly in
this matter. It has been manifest, from the first
meeting of this House till now, that the party
with whom I have acted—the party supporting
our friend from South Carolina [Mr. Orr]—is in
a minority. The majority, united against the
Democratic party here, is two to one; and yet,
.his majority call upon us and tell us that it is our
duty to organize the House. Gentlemen, why
do you not organize it ? In either view of your
principles you are in the majority. As Republic-
ans, you have a majority. As Americans, you
have also a majority. Turn to cither view; and
why do you not organize the House ? You can
organize it on eiiher of these principles. We
are here in a minority; and we expect to go to
the country and justify our action as a minority.
Let me tell the gentlemen on the other side of the
House that this is the last time, for long years,
that either of them will have a majority in this
House. I want to deal frankly, plainly, and
candidly with our National American frifcnds. I
say to them: Gentlemen, you ma.y make your
election. If you see proper to come to us, you
may do so. Make your election between us and
the Republicans. 1, for one, opposing both you
and the Republicans, have no concessions to
make to either. 1 say this, because we may as
well understand one another to-day as at any
other time. Frankness and candor require inn
to make the declaration. I do so for myself—not
for those with whom I act 111 this House. The
issues which you have made here are issues on
which I Stand utterly opposed to you; and 111
this controversy I am prepared to stand or fall.
The Democratic party must go to the country
in opposition to the principles of your organiza-
tion; and if we were willing to-day to retire from
the position which we have assumed, what man
anywhere would continue to entertain respect for
us? This protracted struggle with us has not
been and is not now for the elevation of one man
or anyman,but, as I believe, for great and essen-
tial principles. It is not for the man I care, but
for the principles which he represents. Them I
will never surrender.
Mr. MAXWELL took the floor.
Mr. WHITNEY addressed the Clerk.
The CLERK. The gentleman from New York
[Mr. Whitney] has already spoken to the reso-
lution before the House, and under the terms of
the rule it is not m order for him to speak a second
time. The gentleman from Florida [Mr. Max-
WBWt] has the floor.
Mr. MAXWELL. The House seems to be
in a-disposition this morning to listen to speeches
made*by gentlemen. I am one of those who en-
tertain the impression that questions have been
opened by the discussion here this morning which
cannot be properly discussed within the time
allowed by the ten-minute rule. I desire myself
to submit some views in connection with these
questions. I would be glad to submit them now
if I could have the indulgence of the House for
a longer time than the rule prescribes. [Cries of
"No! no!"] If there be objection I shall not
proceed at all
Several Members objected.
Mr. MAXWELL. Then, sir, I think that the
discussion ought to cease; or else that the ten-
minute*rule ought to be rescinded.
A Member. Move to rescind it.
Mr. MAXWELL. I think that those ques-
tions connected with the organization of the
House are of so much importance that it is
utterly impossible to present a full view Of them
within a ten-minute speech. I think, therefore,
that the discussion ought to cease, or else 'that
the rule should be rescinded. I move now to
rescind that rule.
Mr. CLINCrMAN. I raise the question of
order, that there is a proposition already pending
before the House, and that the motion is conse-
quently out of order.
The CLERK. The gentleman from North
Carolina [Mr. Cun&man] is right; there is a
proposition pending, which must take precedence
of the motion of the gentleman from Florida.
Mr. ALEXANDER IC. MARSHALL. For
the purpose of removing the difficulty which
seems to be in the way of rescinding this ten-
minute rule, if it is the purpose of the House to
rescind it, I will temporarily withdraw my resolu-
tion to enable the gentleman to make the motion,
with the understanding, however, that I shall re-
new it whenever that motion has been disposed
of. I now yield to the gentleman from Florida.
Mr. MAXWELL. I do not want the floor for
ten minutes unless the House will permit me to
proceed longer.
Mr. MARSHALL. I yielded to the gentle-
man for the purpose of enabling him to submit
the motion winch he had indicated his desire to
do, to rescind the ten-minute rule.
Mr. MAXWELL. Certainly; I submit that
motion, and call the previous question upon it.
Mr. OLINUMAN. I move to lay the motion
on the tabic.
The question was put, and the motion ordered
to ho upon the table.
Mr. A4ARSTIALL. Upon farther considera-
tion I decline for the present to renew the reso-
lution which I proposed again to offer. I with-
draw the resolution altogether.
ADJOURNMENT OP CONGRESS UNTIL MAY.
Mr. STEWART. I desire to submit to the
House a resolution which I send to the Clerk's
desk, and ask to have read, after which I propose
to make a brief explanation.
The resolution was read, as follows:
Resolved, That, with the concurrencc of tiie Senate, on
tin ~>rli cUy of I'obriruy next, unless a Speaker js clcetcd
befoic! that day, the House will adjourn over until the 15th
of jMuj- nc.\l.
Mr. STEWART. I make this proposition to
the House, and will, in brief, explain the reasons
which have induced me to present it. It is evi-
dent, from the developments which have presented
themselves fiom the commencement, that there
are in this House three discordant elements which
cannot coalesce. It seems next to impossible for
the South .iniericans, as they are called, to ttnite
with the Democrats upon a platform of national
principles. It is just as impossible for the Black
Republicans, as they arc designated—andl do not
so designate them with any feeling of personal
disrespect—and the Democratic party of the
House to coalesce. And it seems just as palpa-
ble that the Americans can never enter into any
specific arrangement with the Black Republicans
by which an organization can be effected.
Sir, we have voted some hundred and twenty-
odd times, and is it not manifest that, from the
peculiar construction of parties in tins House, an
organization cannot be effected? I think it is;
and I hold, therefore, that, in this condition of
things, the difficulty will not probably be settled
without an adjournment. But, sir, if the plan I
have proposed be adopted, and an adjournment
should Lake place, perhaps, after a consultation
upon the part of the Representatives upon this floor
with their constituents in May. when we come
bacl* here we may be able to effect an organiza-
tion, and some expense will be saved: The con-
test, it is true, may now be decided by lot; and
I should have no serious objection to the adoption
of such a plan, although it has not, I believe, yet
been proposed to the House. We are incurring
a heavy expense. The House has been in ses-
sion for seven or eight weeks without the trans-
action of any of the public business. The Senate
has also been in session during the same length
of time, and the expense incurred is equal to
what it would be if bath brandies of the Gov-
ernment were in the regular and legitimate trans-
action of the business of the country.
I desire, now, to call the attention of the House
to one fact, which it is not improbable we may
be called on officially to consider. Suppose the
Senate, a coordinate branch of this Government,
now regularly in session, should send down here
a joint resolution, proposing that the two Houses
should adjourn, and the House should disagree
to the resolution, it would then come within the
power of the President of the United States,
under the third section of the second article of the
Constitution of the United States, to adjourn the
two Houses of Congress to such a time as he
may think proper. It is, therefore, now in the
power of the President, in connection with the
Senate, under the authority of that clause of
the Constitution which I have cited, to force this
House to adjourn to such time as he may think
proper.
Mr. HUMPHREY MARSHALL. Let me
ask the gentleman from Maryland a question.
Suppose the Senate should send down such a
resolution as he has indicated, and the House
should take no action upon it at all; there would
then be no disagreement between the two Houses,
and how would the President acquire his author-
ity to adjourn Congress?
Mr. §TEWART. I will answer the gentle-
man from Kentucky. If the Senate should send
down here a resolution to adjourn, the House
must cither agree or disagree to it, affirmatively
or negatively. If they disagree it will then come
within the province of the President, under the
second article of the Constitution, third clause,
to adjourn Congress to such a time as he may
think proper. True, there may be differences of
opinion as to the construction of this clause of
the Constitution,' as there have been in reference
to other questions that have come before the
House. I confess, that when the I^esident trans-
mitted to the House his annual message it occurred
to me that he had the right prima facie, under the
Constitution, to communicate with this House
whenever he should think the public interest re-
quired it, and consequently we had no right to
refuse to receive the communication; but, sir,
under the state of things which we find to exist
here, the extraordinary spectacle was witnessed*
of the House denying his right to communicate
with them. They laid the message upon the
table, and refused to hear it read. Upon further
reflection, however, it seems that gentlemen have
taken a different view of the matter, for, upon the
subsequent announcement of another message,
the House not only received it, but listened to
its reading.
I admit, sir, that there may be differences of
opinion in relation to the construction of the
Constitution upon this subject, but it seems
to me that under the clause of the Constitution
which I have cited, the power exists. The House
cannot place itself in the position .suggested by
the distinguished gentleman from Kentucky, of
neither agreeing nor disagreeing to a proposition
of the Senate to adjourn, without inviting the ex-
ercise of the power indicated on the part of the
President. If it does not agree, its non-action
will be tantamount to a disagreement, and thus
place it m the power of the President to adjourn
Congress to such a time as he may think proper.'
Again, sir, is it right for this House to require
the Senate to continue in session for such a long
period of time without the power of transacting
legislative business? I apprehend not. A most
fearful responsibility rests somewhere for this
state of things, and, in all fairness I think, upon
the majority of this House, winch I suppose is
antagonistical to the National Administration and
the Democratic party. By this most extraordi-
