THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BF JOHN C. RIVES, WASHINGTON, D. C.
Thirty-Fourth Congress, 1st Session.
WEDNESDAY, APRIL 30, 18.56.
New Series. .. .No. 66.
of hasty legislation m the morning hour, which
has inflicted oil the Senate interminable debates,
and upon the Navy a state of facts that can never S
cease to be deplored.
The PRESIDENT. The Senator from Maine
moves to postpone the further consideration of
the bill until to-morrow at half past twelve o 'clock,
and make it the special order for that hour.
The motion was not agreed to
The PRESIDENT. The bill is still before
the Senate. The special order referred to by the
Senator from New York stands with the other
special orders for one o'clock.
Mr. HALE. I move that the bill mentioned
by the Senator from Maine be postponed until
to-morrow, without making it a special order.
The motion was agreed to.
compensation of pension agents.
Mr. BROWN. Mr. President 
Mr. SEWARD. I hope the honorable Senator
will allow me to make a motion for the accom-
modation of himself as well as of the Senate. Sen-
ate bill No. 146, which will be tile order of the
day at one o'clock, it will be my duty to call for,
and thereby interrupt the honorable Senator
from Mississippi; but I learn from the honorable
Senator from Michigan [Mr. Stuart] that he
desires further time to examine it. I therefore ask
that it be taken up now for the purpose of post-
poning it to, and making it the speci.il order for,
to-morrow at twelve and a half o 'clock. It is a
bill making provision to compensate agents for
paying pensions and prescribing the time and
manner of settling their accounts.
Mr. ST DART". That bill is a special order
now, and has its place among the special orders
at one o 'clock. The effect of making it the special
order for to-morrow at twelve and a half o'clock
will be to give it priority over all other business
for that day.
Mr. SEWARD. Then I will say one o 'clock
to-morrow.
Mr. STUART. It so stands now.
Mr. SEWARD. It is a special order for to-
day, but if I were to call it up 1 should have to
interrupt the honorable Senator from Mississippi. I
Mr. STUART. It is not necessary to nuke it |
a special order again. It occupies that position
now,
Mr. SEWARD. Very well; I withdraw my
motion.
kansas affairs.
Mr. BROWN. Mr. President, the Senate
was kind enough on Thursday to enter into ail
informal agreement that to-day I might call up the
bill (S.No. 176) to authorize the people of the Ter-
ritory of Kansas to form a constitution and State
government, preparatory to their admission into
the Union when they have the requisite popula-
tion, for the purpose of allowing me half an
hour to express my views on that subject. If it
suits the convenience of the Senate I will move
now that that bill be taken up.
Mr. MALLORY. I ask whether the special
order for one o'clock is not the resolution of the
honorable Senator from Georgia ill regard to the
naval board? HI
The PRESIDENT. Half past one o'clock
was the hour fixed to-day for the consideration
of that resolution.
Mr. BROWN. Its eonsHerntion was fixed at
half past one o'clock, with the understanding
that I was to have the intervening half hour.
Mr. MALLORY. I did not wish to interfere
with the honorable Senator, but I wished to know
the hour when the naval question would come up.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate, as
in Committee of the Whole, resumed the consid-
eration of the bill (S. No. 172) to authorize the
people of the Territory of Kansas to form a con-
stitution and State government, preparatory to
their admission into the Union when they have
the requisite population.
Mr. BROWN, who was entitled to the floor,
addressed the Senate for half an hour. His speech
will be found in the Appendix.
68
Mr. BENJAMIN. I am desirous, for reasons
personal to myself, to deliver my opinions on this
subject at an early day. I am aware, however,
that it is the disposition of the Senate to proceed
with the discussion upon the subject of the naval
board, and I do not desire to interfere with the
progress of that discussion. Friday next has
been set apart for the business of the District of
Columbia; and if the Senate will extend to me
the courtesy of giving me an hour on Friday
morning, beginning at half past twelve o'clock, I
shall be enabled to deliver what I have to say on
this subject without interfering with the consid-
eration of the bills under the charge of the Sen-
ator from Mississippi, [Mr. Brown,] who is the
chairman of the Committee on the District of
Columbia. I will, therefore, ask of the Senate
that the further consideration of this subject be
postponed until Friday morning, at half past ;
twelve o'clock, and made the special order for'
that hour, with the view which f have stated.
The motion was agreed to.
bill become a laav.
A message fiom the President of the United
States, by Mr. Sidnti;v Webster, his Secretary,
announced that lie had appioved and signed an
act amendatory of an*'Act to regulate the fees
and costs to be allowed clerks, marshals, and
attorneys of the circuit and district courts of the
United States, and for other purposes."
riveil ai\d harbor bills.
Mr. STUART. I signified to the Senate, on
the last day when the subject of the naval board
was under consideration, that it could not be dis-
posed of for some weeks yet; that it is not enti-
tled, by the vote of the Senate, to priority over
the river and harbor bills, and that I should to-
day move for the consideration of those bills by
the Senate. I now submit the motion to post-
pone all prior special orders, and proceed to the
consideration of the river and harbor bills.
Mr. MALLORY. The subject of the naval |
board was made the special order at half past one
o'clock to-day. That hour has arrived, and I
know no reason for postponing it. I am not
aware that the discussion of this question will
occupy the time which the Senator from Michigan
[Mr. Stuart] seems to think it will; on the con-
trary, I have no reason to doubt that we can con-
clude the discussion in the course of the week.
It is a matter of great importance. It has been
before the Senate almost from the earliest hour
of the session, and I hope it will not be post-
poned, but that we shall, m the language of the
Senator from Michigan himself, finish one sub-
ject at a time.
Mr. STUART. There seems to be a misap-
prehension on the part of some Senators in rc-
spect to the special orders of the Senate. The
naval board question was taken up and made
the special order some days ago, but a long time
subsequent to the river and harbor bills. The
vote of last Thursday, making it the special
order for half past one o'clock to-day, did not
change its position at all. It was a special order
before; and it is no more a special order now than
it was then. It remains a special order, subject
to a vote of the Senate to take it up, or to pro-
ceed with any other business, as a majority may
determine. Again: there is no such equity ex-
isting as the Senator from Florida, the chairman
of the Committee on Naval Affairs, seems to
suppose. The facts are the other way. The river
and harbor bills have given way to questions of
courtesy from time to time to allow Senators to
deliver speeches on particular subjects, one of
which is the^naval board question. The Senator
from Texas, [Mr. Houston,] by the courtesy ot
the body, occupied two days upon this very ques-
tion, to the exclusion of the regular order of
business.
I do not wish to consume time in discussing
the order of business, because that will defeat my
object entirely; but I cannot consent, on the part
of the Committee on Commerce, to waive the
, position which the river ancjj^irbor bills occupy.
I bog leave to say to the Senate that, with the
exception of a single bill—that relating to the
improvement of the Savannah river—I do not
think the discussion on those measures will occupy
more than three or four hours. With the excep-
tion to which I have referred, those bills involve
no special question—nothing but the general prin-
ciple of appropriation for river and harbor im-
provements. I think we can dispose of them
readily.
While I agree that we should dispose of one
thing at a time, and while I have insisted for
weeks on that course being pursued, I propose
that we shall take things in their order—in the
order in which the vote of the body has placed
them. I hope the Senate will adopt my motion.
Mr. HAMLIN. I hope the Senate will con-
cur in the motion submitted by the Senator from
Michigan, and I think he might have stated one
other fact. When he alluded to the circumstance
of two days of the time of the Senate having been
consumed by the Senator from Texas, in the dis-
cussion of the naval question, ho might have
remarked with propriety that, so far as an under-
standing could be had among the various friends
of the river and harbor bills, it was expressly
understood that those two days had been con-
ceded to the Senator as a matter of courtesy.
i hope the chairman of the Committee on Naval
Affairs will not now press the consideration of
the subject of the naval board; that he will at least
let us have an equitable portion of time. I think
that, by the law of common equity, we should
have a very short time for this business; and in
that very short time I trust we shall accomplish
something.
Mr. MALLORY. In regard to the honorable
Senator's last remark, I must say that it is a very-
singular rule of courtesy that would require the
bill of the Committee on Naval Affairs to give
way because a gentleman has occupied two days
in opposing-it. That fact constitutes no reason,
in my view, for deferring the subject to another
day." The Senate of course have aright to sub-
stitute one special order for another; but the one
last under consideration is the first in order, ac-
cording to the regular course of proceeding, un-
less it be overruled bv a vote of the Senate.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Weller.)
There are sixteen orders which have priority
over the naval-board resolutions. '
Mr. MALLORY. I merely throw out these
suggestions. I hope that the Senate will not de-
part from, the rule which has heretofore been
observed.
Mr. CASS. There are considerations con-
nected with the river and harbor bills which re-
quire the immediate action of the Senate, and I
think they would suffer more than any other
measures by delay. The ordinary appropriations
for the service of the country are not needed until
the beginning of July. They are made in ad-
vance. If the improvement of rivers and harbors
is to go on, it is important to make the appropri-
ations at an early day. There are portions of
the country where the loss of a month or two in
the spring causes the loss of a whole season in
carrying on the works. The season of operations
is short at anv rate; and any person who knows
anything of this subject knows that immense
sums ofni oney have been lost to the Government
by the delay in passing the appropriation bills at
so late a period as to leave but a small portion of
the year in which to do the work. It has been
neglected, and badly done, and thus season after
season has passed away. If we are to pass the
appropriation bills, and if the work is to be done,
the sooner it is commenced the better; because we
shall then be sure that the work will be not only
better done, but more economically done. I re-
peat, there are other bills before tne Senate that
may be delayed without the injury to the public
service which would result from the delay of
these measures.
Mr. BELL, of Tennessee. There are some
reasons which would induce me to insist that
the last business under consideration before the
