v'-^>
1856.
TH®, CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
m
nary state of things we are certainly stretching
the powers of this Government to their utmost
tension,and giving the fullest scope to theauthor-
ity of the other branches,senatorial and executive,
and, if you please, judicial. It may not be sur-
prising, then, if two of those other departments
of the Government, the Senate and Executive,
should, in such an emergency, and in reference to
the public interests, taking care that the Republic
suffers no detriment, employ all of their constitu-
tional functions to keep the Confederacy on its
feet, if possible. However much opposed gen-
tlemen mayprofess to be to the National Admin-
istration, yet they cannot but observe that, from
the non-organization of this House, they are
completely surrendering the management of the
Government toHhe Executive, so far as they are
concerned. For myself, having the fullest confi-
dence that the National Administration \vill meet
the high responsibility upon the most elevated
principles of patriotism, itis notwithme to doubt
-their fidelity. A friend of the Administration
may thus safely repose in its high integrity under
such circumstances; but upon what grounds, I
submit, can its diversified opponents make their
excuses to a brave, magnanimous, straightfor-
ward, but, I fear, outraged, people?
Mr. TODD. I move that the resolution of the
gentleman from Maryland be laid upon the table.
The question was taken, and the resolution
was laid upon the table.
VOTE FOR SPEAKER.
The House proceeded to vote the one hundred
and twenty-ninth time for Speaker, with the fol-
lowing result: Whole number of votes cast, 210;
necessary to a choice, 106; of which—
Nathaniel P. Banks received 99
James L. Orr     60
• Henry M. Fuller 34
Alexander C. M. Pennington  3
John II. Edie 2
John Williams  1
James D. Ricaud   1
James C. Allen  1
So there was no choice.
The following is the vote in detail:
For Mr. Banks—Messrs. Albright, Allison, Barbour, Henry
Bennett, Benson, Billmgliurst, Bingham, Bishop, Bliss,
Bradshaw, Brcnton, Bulfington, Burlingame, James II.
Campbell, Lewis D. Campbell, Chaffee. Ezra Clark, Colfax,
Comms, Covode, Clawson, Cragin, Cumback, Damrell,
Timothy Davis, Day, Dean, De Witt, Dick, Dickson, Dodd,
Durfee, Edie, Giddings, Gilbert, Granger, Grow, Robert B.
Hall, Harlan, Holloway, Thomas R. Horton, Valentine B.
Horton, Howaid, Kelsey, King, Knapp, Knight, Knowlton,
Knox, Kunkel, Lciter, Mace, Matte&on, McCarty, Meaeh-
am, KilhanMiller.Morgan, Morrill, Mott,Murray, Nichols,
Norton, Andrew Oliver, Paiker, Pearce, Pennington, Pel-
ton, Perry, Pettit, Pike, Pringle, Purviance, Ritchie, Rob-
bing, Roberts, Sabin, Sapp, Sherman, Simmon?, Spinner,
Stanton, Stianalian,Tappan, Thonngton/fhuiston, Todd,
Tyson, Wade, Wakeman, Walbridge, Waldron, Cadwal-
adei C. Washbuuic, Elhhu B. Washbume, Israel Wash-
burn, Watson, Welch, Wood, Woodruff, and Woodworth.
For Mr. Orr—Messrs. Aiken, Allen, Barclay, Barksdale,
Bell, Hendley S. Bennett, Bocock, Boyee, Branch, Burnett,
Cadvvaladcr, Carutlicrs, Caskic, Cfengman, Howell Cobb,
Williamson R. W. Cobb, Crawford, Davidson, Dowdell,
Edmundson, Elliott, English,Florence,Thomas J. D.Fuller,
Goode, Greenwood, Augustus Hall, Sampson W. Hatns,
Thomas L. Harris, Herbert, Houston, Jewett, George W.
Jones, J. Clancy Jones, Kidwell, Letcher, Lumpkin, Sam-
uel S. Marshall, Maxwell, McMullin, McQueen, Smith
Miller, Millson, Moidccai Oliver, Packer, Peck, Phelps,
Powell, Quitman, Richardson, Ruffin, Rust, Sandidgc,
Savage, Shorter, Samuel A. Smith, William Smith, Steph-
ens, Stewart, Talbott,Taylor,Vail,Warner,Watkins,Wells,
WiJliams-Winslow, Daniel B. Wright, and JohnV Wright.
For im Fuller—Messrs. Broom, John P. Campbell, Gar-
ble, Cox, Cullen, Henry Winter Davis, Ethendge, Eustis,
Evans, Foster, J. Morrison Hams, Hoffman, Kcnnett, Lake,
Lindlfiy, Alexandei K. Marshall, Humphrey Marshall,
Millward, Paine, Porter, Puryear, Reade, Ready, Ricaud,
Rivers, William R. Smith, Sueed, Swope, Trippe, Under-
woodj Valk, Walker, Whitney, and Zolhcoffer.
For Mr. Pennington—Messrs. Harrison, Haven, and
Scott.
For Mr. Edie—Messrs. Dunn and Moore.
For Mr. Williams—Mr. Wheeler.
For Mr. Ricaud—Mr. Henry M. Fuller.
For Mr. AUm—Mr. Orr.
Mr. WHITNEY. Mr. Clerk, I offer the fol-
lowing resolutions:
Resolved, That the Hon. be, and he hereby
is, declared Speaker of the House of Representatives of the
Thirty-Fourth Congiess of the United States.
Resolved, That the above resolution be reported by the
Clerk m blank, and it will be in order for any member to
move that the blank be filled by the insertion of a name,
and that the resolution be adopted. On that motion the
yeas and nays shall be called, and whenever such motion
fehall rueeivo a majority of votes, the person then named
shall be the Speaker of the House.
Resolved, That the name of any member, once proposed
to fill the blank, shall not be again proposed without the
consent of a majority of the members present and voting;
nor shall it b.e in order to move any candidate a second
time, so long as any member desires to move the name of
one not yet proposed and voted.
Resolved, That all questions arising on a second motion
to insert the name of any person who has been onee pro-
posed and voted for to fill the blank shall be decided viva
voce, or, in ease of dottbt, shall be deeided by tellers.
One word on the proposition. I do not wish
to be understood, Mr. Clerk, as I may have been
understood, to say that I will not, under any cir-
cumstances, vote for a man who is a Democrat.
What I meant to say was, that I would not com-
mit myself, either oy my vote or otherwise, to
this Administration. There are gentlemen of the
Democratic party for whom I would vote with
great cordiality; but I only wish to say, that I
am not prepared to be bound in advance by the
action of any caucus which may take place in the
choice of that man. X move the adoption of the
resolution.
Mr. LETCHER. Mr. Clerk, the gentleman
seems to have changed his ground. He is not
now exactly prepared to vote against every Dem-
ocrat; there are some he may vote for when his
resolution comes up. I desire to know whether
he is prepared to vole against every Democrat
who is a friend of the present Administration?
[Mr. L. paused for a moment.] The gentleman
is silent. Then the riddle is unraveled. There
are those here of the friends of the present Ad-
ministration that he will not sustain.
_ Mr. WHITNEY. If the gentleman from Vir-
ginia asks me whether 1 will vote for a candidate
for the speakership of this House who is avow-
edly the representative of this Administration, I
will answer no.
Mr. LETCHER. Representative of the Ad-
ministration! We are all Representatives of the
people, and not of the Administration.
Mr. WIIITNEY. If the gentleman asks me
whether I will vote for a man of the party and
caucus that denounce the principles which I and
my party hold, I answer no.
Mr. LETCHER. Just what I expected. It
is the precise answer I was looking for; and you
may go around the House, among those who sail
under national colors of their own—or rather a
particular kind—and the same response will be
made by eaclfand every one of them, I imagine.
Mr. WHITNEY. Allow me to ask the gen-
tleman a question. "*
Mr. LETCHER. Certainly; go on.
Mr. WHITNEY. Does the gentleman declare
himself as entirely friendly to the Administration?
Mr. LETCHER.^ I do. I was elected as such;
and I now declare myself the unyielding and un-
compromising enemy of any party whose mem-
bers are sworn to carry out obligations taken at
the hour of midnight, and when the stillness of
death reigns over the land. The gentleman un-
derstands my position now, I reckon.
Then, sir, the result is this: the gentleman
offered the proposition here to this House, and
tells us we are mistaken in supposing that he will
vote against every Democrat in this body; but
when we come to ascertain exactly who he will
vote for, and who he will not vote for, we are
told in specific and direct terms that he will not
vote for any man who is the friend of this Ad-
ministration, and who was in our caucus; not one.
Now, sir, this is a beautiful compromise to be
offered, and offered, too, by a gentleman who is
making war on caucus nominees, and who has
himself been frequently in Know Nothing cau-
cuses ! Has he not been in Know Nothing cau-
cuses this session ? Did they not have one at the
time the Democratic party held a caucus in this
Hall and nominated the honorable gentleman
from South Carolina, [Mr. Orr?] Yet he now
comes here, horror-stricken at the idea of a caucus.
They want no caucus nominee; they will have
nothing to do with a caucus nominee. They do
not want ours, and that is the truth of the matter;
but if they can get one of their own, they are per-
fectly willing to take him. I shall then very cheer-
fully move that the proposition be laid on the
table.
Mr. YALK. Is there one member of the Ameri-
can party who said that he would have nothing
to do with a caucus nominee?
Mr. LETCHER. The gentleman's colleague
said so. And I put it to you—will you vote for
an Administration Democrat?
Mr. YALK. I will.
• Mr. LETCHER. Who is the one?
Mr. YALK. I will not vote for any one who.
was in the caucus. . ,
Mr. LETCHER. So you will not vote for phe
Democrat?
Mr. YALK I will votefor one. « -
Mr. LETCHER. There is only one, the&9 cm
the Democratic side of the House that this na-
tional man is willing to vote for! :  
Mr. VALK. Is there one in the American
party for whom you will vote? , 
Mr. LETCHER. I do not belong to the
can party, and I was not sent here to vote for one.
of its nominees.
Mr. VALK. In the gentleman's own language,
God bless your liberality !
Mr. LETCHER. The gentleman"£omes here
professing this liberality; I do not.
The CLERK. The gentleman's time has ex-
pired.
Mr. HUMPHREY MARSHALL. Mr. Clerk,
I am in favor of the resolution offered by the gen-
tleman from New York, because I really desire-
to see an organization of the House. Without
going into the" particular principles which have
been already discussed, I will say that I believe
the proposition presents the best chance for the
mobility of the party forccs that are arrayed here,
which, without some device of the sort, have no
mobility. Wte have spent-eight weeks in voting
for gentlemen nominated by the different par-
ties of this House. We will spend eight more
in casting votes of which we have already the
models; and we shall, at the end of that time, be
no nearer a result than we are to-day. Have we
no genius to make any other device ?
The particular feature of the proposition of the
gentleman from New York is, that it offers all
variety of names, all variety of sections, all va-
riety of sentiment to come up in their regular
order, from which a selection may be made. - For
example: Suppose you fill the blank in the reso-
lution with the name of the honorable gentleman
from Massachusetts, [Mr. Banks,] who is sup-
ported by the anti-Nebraska force of the House.
You vote ay or no. If it is rejected, then his name
can no more be presented so long as any other
name is to be offered. The anti-Nebraska force
then offer us another name. It is at once demon-
strated whether that force can be concentrated on
another. If it can concentrate on another, and
there is a majority in favor of him, then let the
force exert that majority, and let us have an or-
ganization for the dispatch of business.
If the anti-Nebraska force cannot concentrate
on any other than the gentleman from Massa-
chusetts, another combination may probably be
formed. Suppose the concentration is made on
the candidate of the American party; can he com-
mand a majority ? Suppose he cannot. Then
can a concentration be effected on a Democrat?
Why, sir, if we are to try the gentleman from
South Carolina forever and a day, if we are to try
the gentleman from Massachusetts, and the gen-
tleman from Pennsylvania for the same length of
time, we will never reach a result. By the res-
olution, we try the nominees of the different cau-
cuses without any bargain, without any propo-
sition from one side to the other, and, I will say,
without any departure from principles. Wehave
all the sentiments, all the names of the House, to
try and see whether we arc not likely to stumble
on a Speaker. My opinion is, that if the reso-
lution be adopted, we shall elect a Speaker in
twenty ballots. I think that it is the most feasi-
ble plan for extricating ourselves from the snarl in
which we now are. I hope it will be adopted.
Mr. LETCHER. I move to fill the blank
with the name of James L. Orr, and I do so
with a view of submitting a remark or two. My
friend from Kentucky tells us, in the present
state of things, that it is impossible to get at a
result, but that when we come to try the name
of this Democrat, or that National American, on
this or the other side of the House, we may
probably be enabled, in an experiment of that
sort, to reach a result, or, in his language, " stum-
ble -on a Speaker."
Now, sir, does not my friend know, from the
language which has been employed here by his
" National American5' brethren from New York
[Mr. Whitney] and from Delaware, [Mr. Cul-
len,] that when you come to try my friend from
South Carolina, [Mr. Orr,] or any one of the
