1042
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 28,
Senate—the naval-board question—should be
proceeded with, according to the common parlia-
mentary rule; but I know that there are many
gentlemen in the Senate who feel it to be their
duty to insist on a final disposition of the bills
making appropriations for the improvement of the
harbors on the Lakes, and the Atlantic coast, and
of the great, rivers of the West. I am inclined to
think that it would rather expedite the business
of the Senate, if we were to dispose of tfeose bills.
I cannot suppose that they will occupy more than
one or two hours, or three hours at the furthest;
and when they are disposed of, we shall have the
interest of the Senate concentrated on what I
consider a very great and important question,
namely, what shall be the definitive decision of
the Senate in regard to the action of the naval
board, in relation ,to one of the great arms of the
national defense ? I wish to remove from the at-
tention, and interest, and feeling of the Senate, this
other question of the improvement of the Lake
harbors, and the great interior commercial com-
munication of the West. I have had occasion to
know from inquiry that it was conceded some
two or three weeks ago, that if bills should be
postponed urffil certain discussions should be
disposed of, they would be taken up without any
objection.
I confess that I feel a considerable interest in
both questions—that in reference to the action of
the naval board, and the river and harbor im-
provement bills. I am obliged to feel a great
interest m the latter question, as well as in the
former. I feel some personal and individual
responsibility in relation to the action of the naval
board, and 1 feel a general and national interest
in regard to the disposition of those other bills.
I am bound to say that I do not foresee with
any certainty, or with any confidence, that any
practical benefit is likely to result from the passage
of the river and harbor bills. I hope, for more
than I expect. I do not calculate with the least
degree of confidence that their passage would
result in anything practical and beneficial; but it
is well enough to dispose of them. 1 know, sii>
what the objections are to giving any preference
to those bills. I know that it is considered im-
practicable, with this Executive, that those bills
should accomplish any results; but it is not the
business of Congiess to ascertain how that fact
is; it is our duty to express our own sentiments.
I am anxious that the question in regard to the
proceedings of the naval board shall be consid-
ered. I hope it will be maturely and wisely con-
sidered, and that it will be disposed of for the
best interests of the Republic; but I think we
shall have a more deliberate consideration of that
subject if we sutler the liver and harbor bills to
be passed in advance. Then we can come to the
consideration of the naval question, untrammrled
—as far as it is possible lor us to be untram-
meled when we look forward to the great issues
involved jn the Kansas difilrulty, wheh I wish I
had the power to dispose of definitively m any
way, so as to preserve peace and harmony.
For that reason I shall sccond the honorable
Senator from Michigan in his motion to dispose
of these internal improvement bills, so that we
may come prepared to dispose next of the pro-
ceedings of the naval buaid, and arrive at a con-
clusion as to what we shall do in relation to that
subject.
I am free to acknowledge that, according to or-
dinary parliamentary rule, the naval board reso-
lutions arc the first business in order to-day. We
have indulged in a habit of making orders not,
as far as I have any knowledge, according to ,
any recognized known paihamentary rule of pro- j
ceeding. We make orders of the day and special ,
orders, the precise meaning of which 1 never did !
understand; but I understand one thing practi- '
cally, that the subject winch was under consid- '
eration at the last adjournment ought to be taken '
up and finished, if there is not a positive and 1
definite rule of the S"nate to counteract it; and
that is the only way to proceed successfully with
the business of the Senate.
For the reasons which I have stated, I pre- ,
fer that the honorable Senator from Michigan i
should succeed in his proposition to dispose* of!
the internal improvement bills, and let us have
them off our hands. I doubt whether their pas-
sage ear#lead to any practical beneficial result;
but, at all events, let us dispose of them, and let
us concentrate the attention and mind of the Sen-
ate on another question,, and then another, until
we shall dispatch all in order.
Mr. IVERSON. I trust that the motion of the
Senator from Michigan to postpone the subject of
the naval board, and take up the river and harbor
appropriation bills, will not prevail. I cannot see
any necessity for pressing those bills with so much
pertinacity; I cannot understand that there is any
pressing necessity for their consideration. They
will be passed as a matter of course. We under-
stand the disposition and views of the Senate
upon that subject sufficiently to know that there
will be very little difficulty in the passage of
them.
But there is another reason why they ought not
to be taken up to-day, or even during this week.
The first of those bills in 'order is that making an
appropriation for the improvement of the Savan-
nah river, which, the Senate will remember, was
under discussion when we last had the river and
harbor bills under consideration. The Senator
from Virginia^ [Mr. Mason] has the floor on that
question, and he is now absent from the city, not
expecting that it would come up to-day or this
week, on account of the general understanding
which prevailed here at the termination of the
session last week, that the discussion of the
action of the naval board should go on to an end
this week. It was, doubtless, the understanding
of that Senator when he left the city that the
river and harbor bills would not bo brought up
this week, and hence he has gone away. ITe has
the floor on the bill for the improvement of the
Savannah river, and desires, I know, to address
the Senate on that subject.
With the general understanding which pre-
vailed last week, that the subject of the naval
board should continue to occupy the attention of
the Senate during the present week, until it should
be disposed of in one shape or another, it seems
to me rather unfair to spring the river and harbor
bills upon the Senate in the absence of Senators
who desire to take part in their discussion. The
Senator from Michigan knows that the Senator
from Virginia has the floor on the Savannah river
appropriation bill, lie desires to address the
Senate upon that subject; it is one in which he
feels very considerable interest. There are other
gentlemen who do ire to be heard upon that ques-
tion. My colleague [Air. Toombs] expects to
speak upon it. It is not, theicfoiv, a subject that
will pass through the Senate sub silcntio, as the
Senator from Tennessee expects. That paiticu-
lar bill at least will give rise to considerable dis-
cussion. The Senator from Virginia expects to
speak on it; my colleague expects to speak on it;
the Senator from South Carolina [Mr. Butler]
expects to speak on it; and other gentlemen will
probably address the Senate on that subject.
Peihaps, the other liver and harbor bills may
not give rise to much discussion; but they relate
to a subject that is not to be disposed of so read-
ily as the Senator from Tennessee supposes.
Probably, if we take up the river and harbor bills,
they will consume the whole of this week, it
will take two days to call the yeas and nays alone
on those questions without a single word of de-
bate. How many of those bills are there ? Does
the Senator know ? There are over foi ty of them
—some fifteen or twenty appropriating moneyfor
the State of Alichigan alone—over twenty, if I
am not mistaken, to say nothing of the others.
I have not counted them; but, perhaps, there are
fift,y bills appropriating money for rivers and har-
bors, and the yeas and nnvs will be called for on
every one oi them. It will consume two days at
least simply to take the yeas and nays on those
propositions, without one word of discussion.
I venture to assert that, if those bills be taken up
now, their consideration will consume the rest of
this week, and the naval board question will go
by. I consider that question more important,
because it is necessary for many considerations
that it should be decided by the Senate. There
are a great number of naval otrl^-rs who have
been affected by the actioW of the board, who,
with their families, are now hanging with trem-
bling anxiety on the decision of the Senate; and
I trust their suspense will be relieved. I hope
we shall proceed with the naval board question,
discussing it from day to day until we shall de-
cide it in some way.
There is anotheag^isidsration personal to my-
self. My resolution is the first one upon which
a vote of the Senate will be taken. I must leave
the city next Sunday for my home. I desire a
vote of the Senate to be taken upon that proposi-
tion at least, before [ go away. If the Senate
reject that resolution, I shall not feel particularly
anxious to press the subject, because the ques-
tion will then come up in the shape cither of a
bill to repeal the law of last session, or the bill
reported by the Committee on Naval Affairs. I
desire, however, to ascertain the sense of the
Senate upon my resolution before I am compelled
to leave the city. I do not care how soon the
vote shall be taken; it may be taken without dis-
cussion so far as I am concerned.
Mr. STUART. As I said before, I do not
wish to consume the time of the Senate in dis-
cussing the order of business, because that would
defeat my object. I only rise to show that the
Senator from Georgia is mistaken in every posi-
tion which he has taken.
In the first place, he says that the Senator from
Virginia [Mr. Mason] desires that this question
may be postponed, and that I must know it, be-
cause I am aware of the fact that he has the floor.
JNow the very last thing that the Senator from
Virginia said to me when he went away was,
that he hoped I would have the river and harbor
bills disposed of while he was gone. That was
said in the Very last conversation between him
and me.
Mr. IVERSON". I only know the fact that he
had the floor on the Savannah river appropria-
tion bill. That the Senator will not dispute, be-
cause the records show it.
Mr. STUART. The Senator from Virginia
undoubtedly expressed his desire to speak on
that bill originally; but I have disposed of that
branch of the question. Now, the Senator from
Georgia says there are twenty of these bills
making appropriations for the State of Michigan.
Air. IVERSON. I did not count them.
Mr. STUART. The Senator is mistaken at
least half on that point.
Mr. IVERSON. There were so many of them
that I thought they must reach that number.
Mr. STUART. So far as the question re-
specting the Savannah river appropriation bill is
concerned, that may be disposed of first, or it
may be deferred, as the Senators from Georgia
desire. 1 am willing that it should be laid aside
until the rest be disposed of.
In respect to the importance of the question,
! the Senator has argued that point on both sides.
' He insisted the other day that these were bills
which would be passed of course, and that during
the morning hour, in two or three days, the whole
subject might be disposed of, so that they would
not at all interfere with the naval board discussion.
Now, the Senator says that you cannot m two
or three days take the yeas and nays on them,
without any discussion at all.
The Senator says that it was the general under-
standing, when the Senate adjourned on Thurs-
day last, that the discussion on the naval question
should proceed to-day. So far from that being
the case, I stated distinctly to the Senate that I
should not press a vote on the question then,
■ because there was not a quorum present; but I
| gave distinct notice to the Senate, and I informed
j my friend trom North Carolina [Mr. Biggs] pn-
i vately, (so that he should not consider it at all
j dibiespectful to him personally,) that I should
; deem it my duty to move for the consideration of
these bills to-dajj^ It may be important to dis-
pose of the naval question; I do not deny it. 1
shall join as cheerfully as any Senator in taking
up that business when its order comes, and I shall
insist upon its being continued in its order until
it is ended; but I must ask for a vote of the Senate
upon my motion, and I hope that it will be suc-
cessful.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is m postponing the prior ordeis and proceeding
to -he consul* ration of the river and harbor bills.
Mr. HALE. The special order is the naval
1 bill, I believe.
1 Mr. CRITTENDEN. The order of the day
1 is the resolutions of the Senator from Georgia
: concerning the proceedings of the naval board".
| The PRESIDING OFFICER. That is not the
! first order; there are fifteen others which have
1 precedence over that.
' Mr. IVERSON. That wag the business tinder
