THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
August 4,
this House. Mr. Chairman, as I understand it,
and I speak from personal experience, the books
winch are distributed under this resolution are
many of them worthless. They are old books
■\yhich, perhaps, have been used twenty or thirty
times before in distribution to members of Con-
gress. They are purchased up at one dollar and
one dollar and fifty cents per volume, and mem-
bers are charged five and six dollars per volume
for them, if we intend to give gentlemen a
bonus, we had better give them what is worth
something, and not have th,e proposition i,n such
shape that certain men make immense profits,
while members of Congress have to bear all the
blame of having received large sums from the
public Treasury, when, in fact, they have re-
ceived little or nothing. They receive only old,
worn-out books, which have traveled to Tennes-
see and Maine and Arkansas and Texas, and are
now brought back to be again sent on their
travels.
The question was taken on Mr. Savage's
amendment; and it was disagreed to.
Mr. BRANCH. I move to reduce the appro-
priation $20,000; and my object in doing so is to
ask the chairman of the Committee of Ways
and Means for information in regard to an item
which 1 find in the amended estimate of the Clerk.
Item nineteen is, "clerks on land maps." I
would like to know who those clerks on land
maps are >
Mr, PHELPS. That matter is capable of a
very easy explanation. I think it was in 1848
that the Committee on Public Lands reported a
resolution, which was adopted by the House,
requiring that the quantity of vacant lands in the
several land districts, the lands which were en- ,
tered either by private sale or by land warrants, !
and the lands given to the various States of this
Union for railroad purposes, should be indicated
upon maps, so that by a mere inspection of tliem
you could tell what those lands were. Those
maps were to be filed with the Clerk of the House
of Representatives for the use of the Committee
on Public Lands. For the purpose of locating
land warrants, and to ascertain those other facts
■which I have mentioned, it is necessary that the
clerks should be continued in the employment of
coloring those maps to represent the lands which
have either been purchased with money or taken
up by land warrants. If the gentleman will go
to the room of the Committee on Public Lands,
he will see some of the maps prepared under the
resolution to which I have referred.
Mr. BRANCH I did not question that there
was an existing law which authorized an appoint-
ment of these clerks. JYIy object was to ascer-
tain upon what kind of work they were employed; !
and 1 would like to know from my friend from j
Missouri, what number of clerks are thus en- :
gaged, under the resolution which he has referred i
to > :
Mr. PHELPS. Nine, I believe; and the Com- i
mittee on Public Lands of the last Congress '
urged that that number of clerks should be con- !
tinued, and the appropriation is recommended in
pursuance of an existing resolution.
Mr. BRANCH. I am very far from being sat-
isfied that this item should be continued in the
bill. If I understand the gentleman, we have en- i
gaged now, and have had since 1848, nine clerks i
in preparing maps indicating what lands are sold, !
what unsold, and whether sold for cash, credit, or '
land warrants; and I confess f do not see wherein !
such maps can be of any utility to this House or
to the Committee on Public Lands, which can 1
.justify the incurring of such an expenditure. All
the information indicated by my friend from Mis-
souri, if I understand the system of business done !
at the Land Office, can be obtained at the Land |
Office in this city, in a better form than from the j
maps constructed under the direction of this |
House. I can conceive of no justification for in- !
curring, or for permitting the Committee on Pub-
lic Lands of this House to continue, such an ex-
penditure for such an object, and more partieu- j
larly when, according to the explanation of the
gentleman from Missouri, this is to be an interm- '
lnable expenditure. It is not a specific job which :
is to be terminated, and the expense of which is
to be terminated, but it is to go on increasing from
year to year, as we open more extensive fields of ,
the public lands. j
Mr. 1-HELPS. I desire to enter into no ex- 1;
tended discussion upon this subject. The Com-
mittee of Ways and Means have contented them-
selves—and they deemed it their duty to do so—
to report in the appropriation bills such expendi-
tures as were authorized by existing law, or by
resolutions of this House. It is not the province
of the Committee of Ways and Means to intro-
duce into appropriation bills repealing clauses.
That is not a part of their duty. It is no more
the duty of the Committee of Ways and Means,
than it is of any other committee, or of any mem-
ber of the House, to introduce an amendment
or a clause repealing any resolution which this
House may have passed. And besides that, we
are forbidden by the rules of the House to incor-
porate any such matter in an appropriation bill.
Hence we were compelled to appropriate this
estimate, and it did not fall within the province
of the Committee of Ways and Means to inquire
into the necessity of such expenditure, so long as
the law provided for it; and we were compelled
to appropriate that amount. If the gentleman
desires to repeal that resolution, there is no easier
way than to introduce a resolution for that pur-
Mr. BRANCH. I am very far from reproving
the Committee of Ways and Means for inserting
that item, as it was their duty to do so; butl still
insist that it is within the power of the House,
ill this most effectual method, to cut off this abuse.
Mr. PHELPS. If to -morrow the House will
pass a resolution discontinuing the work upon
these maps, the monev, though appropriated,
will not be paid any further than for work already
done.
The question was then taken on Mr. Branch's
amendment; and it was not agreed to.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I move to reduce
the item of $15,000. I move the amendment
merely for the purpose of getting an explanation.
According' to this miscellaneous document, (No.
133,) it is proposed 10 appropriate for clerks on
land maps, clerks for committees, and temporary
clerks for the Clerk's office, $38,460. I think this
item for temporary Clerk's in the office is a new
one, and is not necessary. The Clerk of this
House now has, under his appointment, some
ten clerks, at a salary of $1,800 each per annum.
For what purpose he wants temporary clerks 1
am not informed. I think this is the first time
it has been put in the estimate, and it is included
in the amount necessary to pay the clerks upon
the land maps and the clerks to committees, which
are not otherwise provided for in this bill by
specific salaries; and after that is paid it will leave
a balance of—[ do not know how much, for I do
not know how much will be required for these
eight or nine clerks upon the land maps, nor do
[ know how much will be required for the clerks
for committees; but it will leave several thousand
dollars to be expended at the discretion of the
Clerk in the employment of temporary clerks. I
ask for imormation what proportion ofthatitem
is for temporary cleiks, and what is the necessity
for i t ?
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio. It has been usual
to provide for the payment of temporary clerks
to attend to business at the close of the session
when they are required by the pressure of busi-
ness. The temporary clerks of the House are
unable at that time to discharge fully the duties
of the Clerk's department. I have never known
the gentleman from Tennessee to find any fault
with that .system until now. I have no doubt
the present Clerk of the House will disburse that
sum with quite as much economy and integrity
as the Clerks to whom the gentleman has hitherto
been willing to intrust that sum.
Mr. JONES. I ask that the item of theamend-
ment of the gentleman from Ohio, as it now
stands, be read.
It was read, as follows:
For clerks on tend maps clerks on committees, and tem-
poraty clerks m the office of the Clerk of the House of
Representative?!, $28,460.
Mr. JONES. I move to strike out the words,
"temporary clerks."
Mr. HOUSTON. I desire a little information
from the chairman of the Committee of Ways
and Means. 1 do not wish to interfere with this
bill any more than I feel bound to do. The gen-
tleman from South Carolina has already shown
that the item under the miscellaneous head,
over and above the amount that has been now
separated from it on account of books, has been
largely increased.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I have given the reasons
in regard to that.
Mr. HOUSTON. We did not hear a word the
gentleman said.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I cannot be accountable
for that.
Mr. HOUSTON. The point to which I wish
to call the attention of the chairman of the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means is this: The items
under the miscellaneous head, over and above the
books, have been more than doubled above the
items as it was formerly. They have increased
from thirty thousand dollars to about seventy
thousand. The miscellaneous head used to in-
clude temporary clerks. It has not been, I under-
stand , under a distinct head of appropriation here-
tofore. It is now. And yet the miscellaneous
item is more than doubled, although part of the
items which used to constitute the smaller amount
have now been taken away, and constitute sep-
arate items. The item for temporary clerks is
one. The second item for boxes for books is
another. These items were, I understand, here-
tofore paid under the miscellaneous head. These
and other items—for instance, one of $20,000 for
contested seats—have been always heretofore paid
under the miscellaneous appropriation. Now
these three important items are withdrawn from
the miscellaneous head; and yet it has increased
from $30,000 to $70,000. I want to understand
that.
The question was taken on Mr. Jones's amend-
ment to the amendment; and it was not agreed
to.
Air. FLAGLER. I offer the following pro-
viso, to come in after the item for books:
Provided, That said resolution of July 7 s4iall hp «o con-
strued as not to include more than one copy of "Hickey's
Constitution" to each member.
The resolution of July 7 has been differently
construed. Some claim that, under that head,
members are entitled to one hundred and sixty-
odd copies of Hickey's Constitution for distri-
bution, as the members of the last House were.
Others again insist that this book is notincluded.
The object, therefore,which I have in view is very
obvious. It is to settle this question of construc-
tion. For myself, I am against this purchase of
Hickey's Constitution, because at the last session
of Congress they were given,and I suppose, dis-
tributedamong the several districts. The districts,
therefore, stand equal now in that respect; but
under this resolution, a district which has changed
its member gince last Congress, would have three
hundred and twenty copies of this work, whilst
a district which has not changed its represent-
ative would only have one hundred and sixty,
And so the inequality would go on from year to
year. My object is, as I said, to settle the ques-
tion of construction, and to have it definitely
understood whether the resolution is or is not
intended to include that book. I have also an
objection to it on another ground, namely, that
it can be purchased for fifty or sixty-two and a
half cents, whereas the price now allowed for it
is a dollar. The effect of this is to pay an an-
nuity to a clerk in the Senate of some twenty-five
or thirty thousand dollars.
The question being on Mr. Flagler's amend-
ment,
Mr. COBB, of Georgia, demanded tellers.
Tellers were ordered;and Messrs. LEiTERand
Pringle were appointed.
The question was taken; and the tellers reported
—ayes 53, noes 72.
So the amendment was not agreed to.
Mr. ORR moved the following amendment to
the amendment:
Stukeoutof the item for reporting and publishing pro-
ceedings, See., "£lj,620,,J and insert, a includingthe usual
additional compensation given to the reporters of the House
for the present f-ession—$800 each—$*20,420 ; " so that the
item as amended would read:
For reporting and publishing the proceedings of the House
of Representatives, including the usual additional compen-
sation given to the reporters of the House for the present
session—$800 each—$20,420, m addition to the unexpended
balance of the appropriaiion contained in the act approved
15th May, 1856, for the same purpose prior to the 1st July,
1856.
Mr. McMULLIN. I rise to a question of
order. I believe there is no existing law for
paying reporters.
