1856.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair overrules the
question of order, if it is upon that ground.
Mr. ORR. The amendment, I suppose, is
unquestionably in order, under the third head of
the 81st rule—that of contingencies for carrying
on the different departments of Government.
Mr. Chairman, the amendment which I have
proposed provides for giving the reporters of the
House $800 each beyond the compensation
which they receive from Mr. Rives. It is the
same amount which has been given for the last
two or three sessions of Congress.
They receive icgularly a particular sum per
column of the Globe, which, on the average,
during the long and short sessions, has amounted
to about nine hundred dollars each. It is an
inadequate salary, but it is as much as Mr. Rives :
feels himself able to pay them. The House has, [
for the last three years, given these reporters ;
$800 each in addition to the $900 paid them by i
Mr. Rives, making the entire compensation of
these gentlemen about seventeen hundred dollars
a session. I submit that this is a very small
salary for gentlemen who serve us with as much
fidelity, industry, and capacity, as they do. I
hope the amendment will be adopted.
The amendment to the amendment was agreed
to.
Mr. STANTON. I move to amend the amend-
ment in reference to the books by adding the
following provision:
Provided, That Mickey's Constitution shall not cost more j
than sixty cents per copy. i
Mr. Chairman, 1 desire to call the attention of j
the committee for a single moment to the princi- j
pie which it is proposed to establish in the dis- j
tribution of Hickey's Cons'itution; for, if I j
understand it, the resolution of the House pro- [
poses to give to each new member one hundred
and sixty copies of this book, and that the old j
members shall have none. Now, sir, the thing I
is wholly unprecedented. A parallel case cannot j
be found m the history of Congress. These books |
are for distribution. They were given to the new \
members of the last Congress, and when the same ,
members arc not returned to this Congress, a like ]
number will go into the same districts, while other ;
districts in which the same members have been i
reelected will receive none at all. Sir, no one |
can look at so absurd a proposition and keep his
face the proper color. He will blush with shame
in contemplating; it.
Mr. McMULLIN.
The CHAIRMAN.
the amendment.
Mr. McMULLIN.
of the amendment.
Mr. LETCHER called for tellers on the amend-
ment to the amendment.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Ritchie and
Sherman were appointed.
Mr. STANTON, by unanimous consent, with-
drew his amendment.
Mr. DOWDELL. I offer the following amend-
ment;
Resolved, That the book-keeper of the Globe Office be
included with the reporteis, and receive the same additional
compensation.
Mr. PHELPS. I submit that the amendment
is not in order.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair holds the ;
amendment to be out of order. !
The question was put on Mr. Campbell's i
amendment as amended; and on a division of the
committee, there were—ayes 92, noes 23.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. I call for tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Washburn
and Hi-ghston were appointed.
The question was taken on Mr. Campbell's
amendment, as amended; and the tellers reported
—ayes 102, noes 18.
So the amendment, as amended, was agreed to.
Mr. NICHOLS. I offer the following amend-
meat:
Strike out the following:
For contingent expenses of his office, viz : for blank
books, stationery, postage, advertising for proposals for
papei, and miscellaneous items, $1,000 ;
and insert in lieu thereof as lollows:
For contingent expenses of hi^ office, viz: for blank
book?, st«monety, postage, advertising fur proposals for
paper, furniture, traveling expenses, and miscellaneous
items, $2,300.
Mr. Chairman, by reason of the extension of
the rooms which have heretofore accommodated
the office of the Superintendent of the Public
Printing, additional furniture is required,and the
amendment is submitted to cover that expense.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. NICHOLS. I offer the following amend-
ment, to come in after the clause just read, mak-
ing an appropriation for the printing of the second
session of the present Congress:
For procuring drawings to illustrate the Patent Office
report, for the year 18^6, $6,000; to be expended under the
direction ot the Commissioner of Patents.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio. I am instructed
by the Committee of Ways and Means to offer
the following amendment, to come in after line
one hundred and seventy-five of the bill:
To enable the Secretary of State to pay for the services
of a messenger sent to the government of Texas upon the
passage by Congress of the Texas indemnity bill, in 1850,
Is debate in order?
It is m order to oppose
Well, sir, I am in favor
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio. I am instructed
by the Committee of Ways and Means to offer
the following amendment:
To enable the Secretary of State to purchase five hundred
copies of the three volumes of the Diplomatic Correspond-
ence of the United Stales, from 1783 to 1789, $7,500.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HARRIS, of Illinois. I offer the follow-
ing amendment, to come in at the end of the three
hundred and fifty-third line:
For constructing and completing certain public buildings.—
For the purpose of consttucnng a building at ()gden burg,
St. Lawieuce county, New York, for a custom-house, post
office, and United States couit rooms, together with ten
per cent, thereon to cover the contingentexpenses for archi-
tects, superintendents, advertising, &c., &c., and so much
as may be required to purchase a site for said building,
$50,000 : Provided, That no money hereby appropriated
shall be used or applied lor the purpose mentioned, until a
valid title to the laud for the sue of said building shall be
vested m the United States; and until* the State of New
York shall also duly release and relinquish to the United
States the right to tax or in any way assess said site, or the
pioperty of the United States that may be thereon during
the time that the United Slates shall be or remain the owner
thereof. _ . . ■
For the purpose of constructing a building at TMashville,
Tennessee, tor a custom-house, po^t oflice, and 1 nited
States courtroom*, together with ten per cent, thereon to
cover the contingent expenses for aichitects, superintend-
ents, advertising, &c., and «o much as may he required to
purchase a >ite (or said building, ,$9.\00<): Provided, That
no money hereby appiopriated shall be used or applied tor
the puinose mentioned, until a valid title to the land for the
site of such building >hall be vested m the United State*;
and until the State of Tenne- *ee shall also duly release
and relinquish to the United States the light to tax or in
any way assess said s ite, or the propelty of the United
States that may be thereon during the time that the United
States shall be or remain the owner thereof
For enabling the Secretary of the Treasury to enlarge the
building now m progress of erection, to be used as a cus-
tom house and post office, at Toledo, m the t?tate ot Ohio,
by the addition of another story, and otherwise, as he may
find e.\pedient, the sum of $30,000 is hereby approbated,
with ten per centum thereon for contingencies: P/ovided,
That no monev *ha)l be paid under Uns ^solution until the
Secretaiy of the Treasury shall have made a contract, with
such security a*, he shall'approve, for the completion of the
entire building at a co?t within the sum heretofore and
herebv appropriated therefor.
To enable the Secretary of the Interior to take a perpet-
ual lease to the United States fiom the boaid of supervisor
of the county of Ontario. New York, free of taxes, or other
charges of any &ort, so many rooms m the court-hoine in
Canandaigua, in said county, about to be erected, as may be
jiecessaiy for the proper accommodation of the United
States courts holden in said town, and their officer^ and
for the purposes of a po«f office m said town, §1*2,000: Pro-
vided, That no part or this appropriation hhall be paid until
it shall be certified by the judses of baid court* that the said
rooms are provided, and are suitable for the purposes atore-
said, and the said lease made and approved by the judges
of said couits.
For puichase of a <ute and erection of a suitable building
at Springfield, Illinois, for a land office, court-house, post
office, and other public purposes, $.>0,000 ; Provided, 1 hat
no money hereby appropriated fchall be used or applied lor
the puipose mentioned until a valid title to the laud for the
site of said building shall be vested m the United States,
and until the State of Illinois shall also duly relinquish and
release to the United States the right to tax* or in any way
assess said site, or the property of the United States that
may be thereon, during the time that the United States
shall be or remain the owner thereof.
For the purchase of a site and the erection of a suitable
building at Columbia, South Carolina, for a eourt-bou^e. post
office, and other public purposes,.$30,000: Provided .That no
monev hereby appropriated shrill be used or applied for the
mirpose mentioned until a valid title to the land for the site
of '•aid building shall be vested in the United States, until
the State of South Carolina shall also duly relinquish and
release to the United States the right to tax, or m any way
assess said site, or the property of the United States that
may be thereon during the time that the United States shall
be or remain the owner thereof.
For the completion of the custom-house at Pensacola,
Florida, in addition: to the amount heretofore appropriated,
$5,000.
That the sum of $-"30,000, with ten per cent- thereon to
cover contingencies, and so much as iriay be required t<7
purchase a suitable site, be,and the same is hereby, apjjrtf-
priated, out of any money in the Treasury not otherwise
appropriated, for the construction in the city of JPerth Am-
boy, in the State of New Jersey, for the accommodation of
a custom-house and post office, of a btick building per-
fectly fire proof, with floors constructed of iron beams and
brick arches, and an iron roof of forty-five by thirty-two
feet, and thirty-two feet high : Provided, That no money
hereby appropriated shall be used or applied for the purpose
mentioned until a valid title to the laud for the. site of said
building shall be vested in the United States, and until the
State of New Jersey shall also duly relinquish and release
to the United States the right to tax or in any way assess
said site, or the property of the United States that may be
thereon, during the time that the United States shall be or
remiiin the owner thereof.
For the purchase of a site and the erection of a suitable
building at Jefferson City, Missouri, for a court-house, post
office, and other public purposes, $50,000: Provided, That
no money hereby appropriated shall be used or applied for
the purpose mentioned, until a valid title to the land forthe
site of said building shall be vested in the United States;
until the State of Missouri shall al&o duly relinquish and
release to the United States the right to tax, or in any way
assess said site or the property of the United States that
may be thereon, during the tune that the United States may
own the same.
Pending the reading of the amendment,
Mr. LETCHER said: I rise to a question of
order. It is not in order as an amendment to this
bill.
Mr. HARRIS. I should like to know why it
its not in order ?
Mr. LETCHER. There is no law authorizing
the construction of these buildings which you
are providing for in your amendment.
Mr. HARRIS. There is a law of necessity
for it.
Mr. LETCHER. These sums are Hot neces-
sary to continue works for which appropriations
were heretofore made.
Mr. PHELPS. The amendment^ is not ger-
mane to the subject under consideration.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair thinks that
the portion read is not in order; but is unable to
decide whether the residue of the amendment is
in order.
Mr. LETCHER. If part of it is out of order,
is not all out of order ?
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair will hear the
amendment read before it pronounces on the point
of order.
The reading of the amendment was resumed
and concluded.
Mr. LETCHER. I now raise the question of
order. My point of order is that the amendment
is not germane to the bili, and that the appropri-
ations provided for there are not in accordance
with existing law, nor are they necessary in ad-
dition to former appropriations.
Mr. H ARRIS. Is the point of order debatable?
The CHAIRMAN. The question of order is
not debatable. The Chair sustains the point of
order, and thinks very clearly that the amendment
is not in order.
Mr. HARRIS. I appeal from that decision.
The question was taken, and the decision of
the Chair was sustained as the judgment of the
committee.
Mr. BALL. I am instructed by the Committee
on Public Buildings and Grounds to offer the
following amendment:
Sti ike out hnes three hundred and ninety-nine, four hun-
dred. and four hundred and one, as follow?: " For com-
pensation of the Commissioner of Pubhe Buildings, and
the clerk m his office, #3,200," and insert,
For compensation of the Commissioner of Public liuild-
For"compensation of clerk in the office of the Commis-
sioner of Public Buildings', at the rate of #1,400 per annum,
from July 1, 1855. $1,680. ^
Mr. CAMPBELL. I rise to a question of order.
This amendment is to change existing law.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair is of opinion
that the amendment is not in order, inasmuch as
it proposes to change existing law.
Mr. BALL. I am instructed by the same
committee to offer the following amendment:
For stationery, blank-books, plans,.drawing, and other
contingent expenses of the oface of the Commissioner of
Public Building-*, "$£50'
The amendment -was agreed to.
Mr. BOWIE. I move to amend by inserting,
after line four hundred and fifty-eight, the follow-
ing:
For arrears of salary due Randell Pegg, as nigbt-watth in
the Patent Office, $108.
