1856.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
84$
Cadwalader C. Washburne, Ellihu B. Washbunie, Israel
Washburn, Watkuis, Watson, Welch, Wells, Williams,
Window, Wood, Wood tuff, Woodwortli, Damei B.
WnjiM, and John V. Wnght—153.
iiiv m. i ul'^r. Augu-uis muii, j. mmiisuii umus,
Hairuou. Haven. iietbeu. Hoffman, Kennett, Lake, Lmd-
lev. Alc-xandoi K. Maitdial), Humphrey Marshall,Millward,
Mooie. t'ame, Puivear, Iteade, Ready, Rioaud, Rivers,
Scott, William R Smith. Sneed, Swope, Todd, Trippe,
Tjson. t'iidojwood, Vaik, Walker, Wheeler, Whitney,
and Zoihcotfer~49.
So the resolution was laid upon the table.
Mr. KELLY (when his name was called) said
he had paired off, and therefore did not vote.
Mr. RITCHIE (when his nam6 was called)
said he had paired off with Mr. Smith, of Ten-
nessee.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. I move that the House
do now adjourn.
The motion was agreed to.
The House accordingly (at three o'clock and
ten minutes) adjourned till to-morrow, at twelve
o'clock, m.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
"Wednesday, January 30, 1856.
The House was called to order by the Clerk at
twelve o'clock, m. Prayer by Rev. Andrew G.
Caruthers.
The J ournal of yesterday was read and approved.
THE SPEAKERSHIP.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. I gave notice to the
House yestciday, that I should this morning in-
troduce a resolution, by which I thought this
House could be organized. I rise now for the
purpose of saymg that I have been induced not
to offer it now, m the hope that in the course of
the day some other proposition may he presented
which will organize the House more speedily
than the one which I gave notice of yesterday.
For the present, therefore, I shall not offer it.
PERSONAL EXPLANATION.
Mr. MILLSON. I find in the Globe, of this
morning, that 1 am reported as having yesterday
asked leave of the House to conclude my re-
marks. I made no such remark; I never ask
leave to go beyond the rules of the House.
PROPOSITION TO ELECT SPEAKERBY STATES.
Mr. CRAWFORD. I yesterday, Mr. Clerk,
gave notice to the House that I should ask the
adoption, to-day, of a proposition, which I now
submit. The resolution is as follows:
Be it resolved, That the House of Representative" do now
proceed to the election of a Speaker in the >amc wav and
nianncrai 1-5 provided by the Constitution of the U.nted
^tatf> foi the < Icction of the Pic&ufcnt thereof whenever
the iame snail devolve upon this Hou-e; that is to say,
the Cleik shall call the j oil by States, and each State ra«t
one vote, as the same .-hall be called; and the person having
a majonty ot the State* f-hn.Il be the Speaker of the House
of Representatives An the Thnfy-Fourth Congress.
I did not insist upon the adoption of the prop-
osition yesterday, for the reason that I desired
that whoever should vote against the proposition,
should vote against it upon mature deliberation
and reflection. I have no very strong hopes
that the proposition can be adopted, or will be
adopted, by this House; still, I desire that there
shall be a'directvote upon it, that we may see
who are disposed to organize the same by the
election of a presiding officer. For two months
wc have endeavored to organize the House, and
have failed, until this House has absolutely
brought itself into contempt before the American
people. There is less anxiety now manifested
upon the part of the people in regard to organiza-
tion, than there was four weeks ago. We stand
here day after dov, and vote for the candidates
of our respective parties, without the least possi-
bility. so long as we continue to vote by mem-
bers, of effecting an organization.
I make this proposition, that those who are
State-rights men, and who are disposed to keep
constantly in view the idea, that this is a Gov-
ernment composed of independent States, may 1
be prepared to come up and support it, and thus j
preserve the great principle, that wc are a Con- 1
gross of sovereignties. It has been intimated :
that there would be some objection to this prop- j
osition, in consequence of its unconstitutionality. ;
The Constitution of the United States provides i
that the House of Representatives shall choose |
its Speaker; but it goes no further than that, :
leaving it discretionary with the House of Rep-
resentatives to choose its Speaker in such a way
and in such a manner as it may desire. The
House of Representatives has the power to adopt
the rules by which it shall be governed; and this
is nothing more than a rule for its government.
I hope the Democratic party will vote for the
proposition. I am solicitous that that party
should vote for it. As for the American party,
it is for them to do as they desire; they may
vote for it or against it. My purpose in not urg-
ing a vote upon it yesterday was to give them an
opportunity to investigate and examine it, in order
that this morning they might, if they choose to
do so, come here prepared to vote against it with
deliberation and reflection. If they do so, upon
them will rest the responsibility of its defeat, and
consequently of a failure to organize by the election
of a sound national man.
Mr. SAVAGE, I desire to ask the gentleman
a question. I want to know whether, if this
resolution is adopted, Mr. Orr will be elected
under it?
Mr. CRAWFORD. I think he will.
Mr. SAVAGE, if I were satisfied of that fact,
I would vote for it.
Mr. CRAWFORD. I believe he would be
elected; but if not, at least it would place it with-
in the power of the American party upon this
floor, and the Democratic party, to elect a national
conservative man. Let them vote against it, if
they dare. ["We will do that!"] Let them
vote against it, and we will meet them before the
people But we ask them to vote for it, and let
the States say who should be the Speaker of this
House of Representatives. If they shall refuse
to vote against it, I hope the Democratic party
of this llouse will pass a resolution recommending
the SJemocratic Senators in the other end of the
Capitol to pass a resolution adjourning the Con-
gress of the United States to May, or some other
time; and then, if this House refuses to concur
in that proposition—as 1 believe they will do—I
desire that the President of the United States
himself will take the responsibility of adjourning
this House to such future time as to him may
seem suitable, and proper.
I have only to say, that I hope the Democratic
members of this House will vote for this propo-
sition. It is one which recognizes the doctrine
of State rights, which I suppose they will be
willing to adopt. If the American party re-
fuses to vote for it, then we will meet them before
the American people, and there let them determ-
ine which of us is right. Let the Senate pass
the resolution to adjourn, which 1 have suggested,
and if the House refuses to concur in it, I am
satisfied that the President of the United States
will issue his proclamation ordering an adjourn-
ment of Congress. We have sat here for two
months, and we have failed to organize the House
of Representatives, at a cost to the American
people of but little short of three thousand dol-
lars a day. Are we to render ourselves ridiculous
and contemptible before the people, by refusing to
do anything except to sit here and vote for Mr.
Orr, Mr. Fuller, or Mr. Banks ? Nothing can
be accomplished by such a course; and I appre-
hend that no one here is willing to change his vote
in regard to Speaker, and cast it for another than
whom he has hitherto been voting. Let this ex-
periment be tried, and when it fails, 1 hope the
Democratic party in this and the other end of the
Capitol will take such measures that the Presi-
dent of the United States will adjourn the Con-
gress and send the members home, to be instructed
by their constituents as to their future course.
Why sit here until June, and do nothing? If
the Government is to go down; if the Union is
to be destroyed, I believe that the people of my
State are capable of taking care of themselves,
either in or out of the Union; at all events as well
as any other member of this Confederacy. I say,
if this proposition is not adopted, it is not a fault
of ours. If carried, then an organization will be
effected. If it is lost, let the responsibility rest
where it belongs.
Mr. TODD. I propose to say a word or two
upon the proposition presented by the gentleman
from Georgia. I am opposed to its adoption
because of its inequality, and becausc it will es-
tablish a rule which, I think, is repugnant to the
constitution of this House. We are here as the
Representatives of the people, and not of the
States. We are sent here to represent our indi-
vidual constituencies and the people as a uiasg,
and not to represent independent sovereignties.
That rule is applicable to the Senate, but has no
applicability whatever to the House of Repre-
sentatives. Itwould be unequal, because itwould
be placing the powers of this House in the hands
of a minority, and enabling them to organize it by
a minority vote. If any man will takl; up the
statistics on this stibject, and examine them for
a moment, he will see that by the adoption of
this resolution the majority would be controlled
by the minority. I have gone to the trouble of
making a list of the States as they would stand,
provided the votes were given according to the
proposition of the gentleman from Georgia, [Mr.
Crawford.] According to my calculation, thir-
teen States would vote for Mr. Banks—having
a representation on this floor of one hundred ana
thirty-one members; ten States would vote for
Mr. Orr, three for Mr. Fuller, and five States
would be divided. The whole number of Repre-
sentatives from all the States voting for Messrs.
Orr and Fuller—and the scattering votes—have
arepresentation of one hundred and three members
on this floor; giving the States which would vote
for Mr. Banks a majority of twenty-seven mem-
bers. If, then, we take the aggregate of the popu-
lation of the free States which would thus vote for
Mr. Banks, we find that they have a white popula-
tion of thirteen million three hundred and thirty
thousand six hundred and fifty. The white popu-
lation of all the other States is six million two
hundred and twenty-two thousand four hundred
and eighteen. If you add to that white popula-
tion the whole slave population of the South, there •
would be nine million four hundred and twenty-
two thousand seven hundred and eighty-two,
leaving in the States which would vote for Mr.
Banks an excess of white population over the
white and slave population of all the others of
three million nine hundred and seven thousand
eight hundred and#sixty-eight.
"Now, sir, the adoption of any rule which would
place in the hands of a minority the power to
orgalnzc this House would be a violation of the
very spirit of our institutions, and subversive of
the true nature and powers of this House. If
gentlemen are anxious to organize this House
according to the expressed will of the people, then
they wilt give way to the sentiment as expressed
in favor of Mr. Banks as the representative of a
great majority of the northern people.
Mr. DOWDELL. The gentleman from Penn-^
sylvania [Mr. Todd] will please allow mc to ask
him a question. It is, whether he favors the
plurality rule; and whether the adoption of that
plurality rule m the election of a Speaker is not
iikely to place a Speaker in the chair by a vote
of a minority?
Mr. TODD. I will answer the gentleman'o
, question. I am in favor of the adoption of the
j plurality rule; and I will say further, that if the
I plurality rule were adopted by the votes of this
j House, that rule would give expression ,to the
| will of a majority of the American people, for the
reason that the Representatives from the North,
who reflect the sentiments of a majority of the
white people of this country, are all m favor of
the plurality rule* and though the plurality rule
miglit not carry out tire will of a majority of this
body, yet it would represent the will of a majority
of the free white population of this country. I
say, therefore, that those who oppose this rule,
or who are in favor of the adoption of the reso-
lution proposed by the gentleman from Georgia,
are resisting the expressed will of a majority
of the people of this country, and are impeding
the organization of this House, and hindering the
progress of its business. I trust that no such prop-
osition as that will prevail. I trust that there is
no man here willing to defer to such a minority,
and to sacrifice the expressed will of the people 011
so great and vital a question as is now agitating-
this body. I move to lay the resolution on the
table.
Mr. GREENWOOD. On that motion I call
for the yeas and nays.
The yeas'and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and there were—yeas
135, nays 72; as follows:
YEAS— Messrs. Albiight, Allison, Ball, Banks, Harbour,
Baiksdale,Henry Bennett, Berison, Gillmghurst, Bingham,
Bishop, Biiss, Bocoek, Boyce, Bradshaw, Brenton, Buffing-
