1918
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
August 4,
Mr. LETCHER. The amendment is. not in
order; it is a private claim.
Mr. BOWIE. It is for arrears of salary due
under existing1 laws.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair thinks that it
is a private claim, and rules it out of order.
Mr. STANTON. I offer the following amend-
ment:
From the following paragraph, strike out the words
<< Kansas and;"
For compensation of the surveyor general of Kansas and
Nebraska, and the clerks m his office, $8,001 09.
[Cries of " Withdraw the amendment!"]
Mr. LETCHER. I should like to have the
reason for the amendment.
Mr. PHELPS. Let us vote on it. That is
the quickest way to dispose of it.
The amendment was disagreed to.
Mr. FAULKNER. I move the following
amendment:
For compensation to an accountant conversant with mil-
itary accounts, and the laws and regulations governing the
same, to be employed in the War Department, ,$2,500. The
said accountant to perform such duties,ui connection with
the examination and settlement of military accounts re-
quiring the action of the Secretary of War, and with the
accounts of appiopnations and expenditures for military
pui po^es, as the said Secretary may, from time to time,
assign him.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio. I rise to a ques-
tion of order. There is no law creating any such
office, and the amendment is therefore out of
order.
Mr. FAULKNER. There is no law; but I
hold the amendment to be in order. The 81st
rule is as follows:
No appropriation shall be reported in such general ap-
propriation bilU, or be m order as an amendment thereto,
for any expenditure not previously authorized bv law, un-
less in continuation of appropriations for Mich public works
and objects a* are already m progiess, arid for the contin-
gencies Joy car)ying on the several departments of Govern-
ment
Congress has devolved on the War Department
the settlement of accounts under existing law,
and it is impossible for the Secretary of War to get
through with them without the assistance of such
ail accountant as is provided for by the amend-
ment. It is in order as one of the " contingencies
for carrying on the several departments of Gov-
ernment," and I hope the Chair will so decide.
The CHAIRMAN. Debate is not in order.
The Chair thinks the amendment is not m order,
inasmuch as it proposes to create and fill an office
at a given salary.
Mr. Q.UITMAN. I offer the following amend-
ment:
For compensation for four additional clerks of class No. 1,
to be employed by the ^eeretai> of War ku the use of the
Quartet master General', office, $4,800.
Mr. LETCHER. 1 raise the point that the
amendment is nor in order, because it provides
for the salary of clerks unauthorized by any ex-
isting law.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair feels bound to
*i«y that the amendment is not m order, although
h> ofore such amendments have been inserted
it\i • impropriation bills.
ju ' IUITMAN. I feel it to be my duty to
Ktkt an appeal from the decision of the Chair.
Tmo question was taken; and the decision of
the Ci ."r was sustained.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio. I am instructed
by the Committee of Ways and Means to move
to strike out lines six hundred and thirty-six and
six hundred and thirty-seven, as follows:
" For blank books and stationery, .$500.
l£ For miscellaneous items,
and insert, j
For blank books, stationery, and miscellaneous items 1
$750. j
I would simply say that the object of the;
amendment is to combine those items for the!
purpose of simplifying the account. !
The amendment was agreed to. j
Mr, CAMPBELL. I am instructed by the :
Committee of Ways and Means to move to strike
nut htws six hundred and seventy-eight and six
hundred and seventy-nine, as follows:
" For pipji.-mri punting blanks, for the Post Office De
paitoieni, j
That uem has been transferred to the bill;
making appropriations for the Post Office De-i
part ment. j
The amendment was agreed to. i
Mr. CAMPBELL. I am instructed by the
Committee of Ways and Means to offer the fol-
lowingadditional clause to the appropriations for
the Mint at Philadelphia:
For the purchase of new fixtures and machinery, .$21,000.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I am also instructed to
offer the following amendment:
For increased compensation to clerks m the branch mint
at New Orleans, under the twenty-third section of the act
of 23d March, 1855, for the year ending 30th June, 1856,
$600.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. CAMPBELL. lam directed by the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means to offer the following
amendment, in order to make the appropriation
at line seven hundred and twenty-two in con-
formity with law:
After the word " clerks," in line seven hundred and
twenty-two, strike out the words " thirty-four," and insert
m lieu thereof the woids " twenty-eight;" &o as to make
the clause read:
For salaries of superintendent, treasurer, assayer, melter,
and refiner, coiner, and five cleiks, (at the San Francisco
mint,) §28,000.
This amendment is to reduce the appropriation
so as to make it conformable to law.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. KELLY. I move to amend by striking
out the word "nineteen" in line seven hundred
and thirty, and to insert in lieu thereof the words
" twenty-five;'' so as to make the clause read:
For salaries of officers and clerks, (in the New York assay
office,) $25,000.
I will state that there are several clerks in the
assay office of New York who receive very small
compensation for their services; and I under-
stand there is no other way of getting at the
matter of increasing their salaries than by in-
creasing this appropriation.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I rise to a point of order.
I understand that tho gentleman from New York
proposes to increase the salaries of clerks by this
amendment. There is no authority of law for it.
This appropriation as it stands is in strict con-
formity with existing laws, and is based on esti-
mates.
Mr. KELLY. I ask the Chair, for informa-
tion, whether the Secretary has not discretionary
power to increase the salary of a clerk?
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair supposes the
Secretary has not, unless authorized by law. He
has undoubted power to employ clerks for the
various stations for which the law authorizes him
to employ them; and he may select them from
whatever body he chooses.
Mr. KELLY. Does the Chair decide my
amendment our of order 5
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair is inclined to
think that it is not in order, though he is* a little
in doubt about it. The Chair will, however, rule
in favor of the point of order.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. I desire to call the atten-
tion of the chairman of the Committee of Ways
and Means to a clause in this bill which I do not
understand. It is the clause M for incidental and
contingent expenses, including wastage, in addi-
tion to other available funds, $73,300."
Mr. CAMPBELL. That clause is passed.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair suggests to the
gentleman from Kentucky that his inquiry comes
too late. The Clerk will read on.
Mr. LANE. I offer an amendment, to come
m after line seven hundred and forty-one, and I
hope that gentlemen will not object to it. It is
as follows:
That the accounting officers of the Treasury be author-
ized to adjust and pay the accounts of A-.aliel Bush, ter-
ritorial punter lot Oie^on, out of any moneys heretofore
appropriated for that put pose, lor printing the laws of the
Legislative Assembly, as authorized and directed by said
Assembly.
We ask no money. We simply ask that the
accounting officers be authorized to adjust and
pay.
Mr. LETCHER. I should like to inquire why,
if this money has been heretofore appropriated,
it has not been paid?
Mr. LANE. We ask no appropriation for the
payment of this territorial jprinter. He was
authorized or directed by the Legislative Assem-
bly to print one vouusand copies of these acts for
the use of the Territory. He went all the way
to New York to print the laws. He printed five
hundred copies and started them out by a vessel
to Oregon. The vessel, with five hundred copies
on board, was lost. Five hundred arrived in
Oregon Territory safely; and after that the Ter-
ritorial Legislature directed him to print five
hundred more, making the whole number de-
livered one thousand copies. He had been set-
tled with for the five hundred copies that arrived
there,and for the five hundred printed in compli-
ance with the re-order of the Assembly he has
not been paid. We only ask that he may be paid
for the publishing of the one thousand copies
as directed.
The question was taken; and Mr. Lake's
amendment was not agreed to.
Mr. MATTESON. As we are approaching
debatable ground on this bill, I move that the
committee do now rise.
Mr. LANE. I am satisfied that the gentlemen
over the way do not understand me, or perhaps
did not hear me. I ask for a division.
The CHAIRMAN. We have passed from
that business, and are now on a motion that the
committee rise.
The question was taken; and there were, on a
division—ayes 43, noes 78.
So the committee refused to rise.
Mr. LANE. Do 1 understand the Chair to
decide that the vote was against the amendment
I offered?
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair did t>o decide.
Mr. LANE. If gentlemen will allow me to
say one word, I am willing to take the vote with-
out a division.
The CHAIRMAN. Does the gentleman from
Oregon offer an amendment?
Mr. LANE. I withdraw the amendment. I
will offer it at some other tune.
Mr, PHELPS. If these books have been
printed and distributed, they ought to be paid
for. I ask the consent of the committee to offer
the same amendment which was just voted down.
Objection was made.
Mr. HOUSTON. I propose to amend the
amendment by providing that these accounts be
adjusted and settled; and that the appropriation
heretofore made for that purpose be reappropri-
atcd, with the exception of one dollar.
Mr. LETCHER. I do not know that T under-
stand this matter, for I could not hear the gentle-
man from Oregon distinctly. I understood him
to say that this printer contracted to print one
thousand copies of the laws of Oregon 
Mr. KELSEY. I rise to a point of order. I
submit that this is general legislation, and not in
order m a general appropriation bill.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair will sustain
the point of order made by the gentleman from
New York, and decide the amendment to be out
of order.
Mr. LANE. I hold in my hand an amend-
ment piepared by the Comptroller of the Treas-
ury; I offer it to come in line seven hundred and
forty-one. It is as follows:
That the Secretary of the Treasury cau^e to be paid out
of the appropriation approve<tJitly 27th, by an act en-
titled uAn act making appropriation!? to defray the expenses
of the Cayuse wai," to Benjamin F. Goodwin, three hun-
dred and ioity dollars, tor eighty-five dajs"1 services m pie-
paung papers and copies, in Onjgon, for the Tiea^ury De-
partment, respecting said claims, a  certified by Governor
Games.
Mr. KELSEY. I rise to a point of order. I
submit that that is substantially a private claim.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair, to maintain
its consistency, will bo compelled to rule the point
of order as well taken.
Mr. CAMPBELL, under instructions of the
Committee of Ways and Means, moved to insert
after the word "twenty," in line seven hundred
and forty-nine, the word "six/' so that the item
would read—
For compensation and mileage of the members of the
Legislative Assembly, officers, clerks, and contingent ex-
penses of the A&semhly, twenty-six thousand dollars.
Mr. C. said: I desire in this connection to give
a gentle hint to the Delegate from Minnesota Ter-
ritory, that with a population of one hundred and
fifty thousand or one hundred and sixty thousand,
it is time that Territory should make application
to come into the Union as a State, and pay its own
expenses.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. CAMPBELL, under instructions of the
Committee of Ways and Means, moved to insert
