1044
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 28,
any man any dishonest motive; on the contrary,
if the gentleman will look into that imperfect
sketch of my speech, he will find that I expressly
disclaimed any intention of imputing a want -of
integrity to any gentleman, whether I named him
or not.
Mr. NICHOLS. The explanation of my col-
league does not meet the point to my satisfaction
as yet.
Mr. CAMPBELL. "Well, put the question
in a direct form, and then I will answer it.
Mr. NICHOLS. I ask my colleague, whether
he said, in his specch, that a desire to elect
Schouler and Follett as printers of this House had
anything to do with governing me in withhold-
ing my vote from him?
Mr. CAMPBELL. I said nothing of the hind.
What I said was this, and the record proves
the truth of it, that there were members from
my own State who did not vote for me. Of that
I made no complaint; and my colleague well
knows that I never, directly or indirectly, claimed
as aright that he should give me his support;
and it is on record that he did not give me his
support. I imputed nothing improper to him;
and it strikes me that my colleague shows un-
necessary sensitiveness when I have disavowed
saying anything that imputed dishonesty to him.
Having said this, if it is not satisfactory to him
he can take his own course. I have nothing
more to say.
Mr. NICHOLS. So far as any imputed con-
nection of myself with the gentlemen who Have
been the means of drawing out a large portion of
the remarks of my colleague, as set forth m this
imperfect report, I manifested only that sensi-
tiveness which every gentleman manifests when
he deems it necessary to take care of his reputa-
tion, and nothing more; and the explanation of
the gentleman, that he nowhere in his speech
imputed to me any connection with those gentle-
men is, of course, satisfactory tome. And I say
to my colleague that, the fact being as he claims
it to be, the explanation is one which I had a right
to presume he would make, and which I did pre-
sume he would make—acquitting me fully'of all
connection with the printing matter.
Now, Mr. Speaker, the fact that I did not vote
for my colleague during the canvass for the
speakership is potent. I recognize the gentle-
man's right to comment upon my vote whenever
he pleases; but I would have much preferred,
Mr. Speaker, if my colleague felt any grievance
as to that vote, the comment should have been
made here, or somewhere where the explanation
could have been afforded at the time the objection
was made.
Sir, I came here with a high personal respect
for my colleague. In 1854—as is familiar to
every gentleman of this House—I was a candi-
date for reelection against the regular nomination
of the party with which I had previously acted;;
but, Mr. Speaker, if it be supposed that the posi- 1
tion which I then occupied gave any right to any
other party on the face of the earth to control my
course, that supposition is an error, and an error
Which could notbedrawnfromthecourseof events j
in my district during the canvass, in which I was
reelected. I had occasion, sir, to stump every cor- j
ner of my district. I averred then and there that I
in everything I was unchanged; that I had been a,!
Democrat all my life; that during my first term |
in Congress I had cast none but Democratic votes;
and that, if reelected, the people of my district
must take me upon the platform which I had ,
made by my votes, for I should give iume other i
than Democratic votes. With such declaration
made by me m every part of my district, 1 was
reelected by a large majority. It is true, as my
honorable colleague says, that he was in my dis-
trict prior to the election; but from the statement
that he stumped the district, township by town-
ship, or anything of that kind, I beg leave to dis-
sent.
Mr. CAMPBELL. Of course, Mr. Speaker,
I do not hold myself accountable for what every
newspaper letter-writer, editor, or reporter, may
see fit to stick in his paper; nor will I undertake
to repeat precisely the words which I uttered on
the point in question. I perhaps did remark, in
the course of the speech which I made at Han-
nibal, that I had spoken in savoral of the town-
ships of my colleague's district, for the purpose
of securing his election. That is true. It is not a
matter for which I claim any great credit. I did it
for the sake of a principle, not for that of the
person. I thought that my colleague represented
m his person a principle; and I appealed to my
own party associates, who proposed to run a can-
didate against my colleague, not to do so. That
is all I did. I do not charge my colleague any-
thing for it, and never did.
Mr. NICHOLS. I did not allude to that par-
ticular portion of my colleague's remarks; but I
wish to show to him that he has very little reason
to complain of my action in withholding my vote
from him.
Mr. CAMPBELL. My colleague is certainly
mistaken. I do not complain of him. He had a
right to vote against me.
Mr. NICHOLS. Then I accept my colleague's
explanation that he does not complain of my vote.
His own explanation brings me to the point I
was about to come to when he interrupted me.
I have spoken of my position at that time. It
is true that I met my colleague at one point in my
district during the canvass. Whether he attended
at other points I do not know. But, Mr. Speaker,
while I say to him that I felt very grateful to him
for the good will which he manifested towards
mc in that campaign, he will permit me to say
that, when wc reached this Capitol, neither he
nor I occupied the position where we found our-
selves in 1854. I have told you, Mr. Speaker,
what my position was. My colleague and I
discussed but one proposition, as far as I am
aware of. That proposition was as to the pro-
priety of the repeal of the Missouri compromise,
winch question was the only one m issue. I was
opposed to the repeal of the Missouri compro-
mise; I am to-day 111 favor of restoring the re-
striction which was removed by the Kansas-
Nebraska act. I am in favor thereof as the best
means of giving peace to the country and re-
pose from the agitation which it is now undergo-
ing. But, as I said before, events followed en eh
other in rapid succession' Only a few months
elapsed after the State of Ohio had been carried
by unanimity almost unexampled in political
history against the repeal of the Missouri com-
promise, before the shadow of another party was
thrown across our p.itli; and I see in some re-
solves passed at Cleveland that my colleague was
one of the high priests of that party, and aided
in constructing it.
Mr. CAMPBELL. It was not a " skadoiv;"
it was and is a substar ce!
Mr. NICHOLS. I am willing to say it was
a substance, and that it made a change in the
relations winch my colleague and myself held
towards each other. The principles of that party
—and I do not question the motives of my honor-
able colleague in adopting them, nor do I question
the propriety of his action at all—aie opposed to
the whole principles of my political action during
my lift!; «nd, asan opponent of that party—as an
enemy of it, I cannot, by my vote, give a sanc-
tion to anything which would conflict with the
principles which I had always expressed, and
which I had expressed in 1854.
Mr. CAMPBELL, 1 did not present as a
"grievance" or "complaint," but simply as a
fact, that my colleague did not, at any time, vote
for me; but, as he is going on to explain his rea-
sons for not doing so, I will ask him how it was,
if the fact which came to his knowledge, that I
was a member of the American purtym Ohio, and
had advocated the principles of that party on the
stump during the last summer, prevented him from
casting his vote for me—if it be true that this was
the obstacle, that he came to make up his mmd
to vote for the gentleman from Massachusetts,
now m the chair, [Mr. Banti:s,J who occupied a
position similar to my own ?
Mr. NICHOLS. That explanation I now
proceed, with pleasure, to give to my honorable
colleague, and it is supported, I think, by the
politics! history of the two gentlemen who were
opposing candidates for the speakership. My
honorable colleague took occasion at every stage
of the game—at every step In that contcst, une-
quivocally to declare that he made Americanism
a question, as well as the question of restoring
the Missouri restriction. i
Mr. CAMPBELL. If my colleague will allow j
me, I will ask him whether the colleague of the j
Speaker elect [Mr. Damrell] did not announce j
quite as openly and distinctly as I ever did, that !
his colleague [Mr. Banks] was a member of the
American party ?
Mr. NICHOLS. I will answer for that point
also. I knew that the presept Speaker of the
House had been a member of the American party,
but I knew also, that last fall it was said that that
gentleman, in company with a great many other
gentlemen of Massachusetts, who proposed to
make one issue the paramount issue of the can-
vass, went off on what was called the Berkshire
train, and from the reported remarks made by
him, I did vote for him for Speaker. He was
reported as having said that he was opposed to
applying any test to men on account of the place
of their birth, such as was prescribed in the plat-
form of the American party of Ohio—making a
twenty-one years' residence necessary to natural-
ization.
Mr. Speaker, as my colleague, in a speech made
in my district fn 1854, said, and he has intimated
here, that the choice between the two opposing
candidates in my district was a choice of evils-
Mr. CAMPBELL, (in his seat.) I did not say
that.
Mr. NICHOLS. Well, sir, something similar
to that—that, as it was a choice between two
Democrats, I had the right, in the vote I gave for
Speaker, to my own choice between two gentle-
tlcmcn who were Americans, and to choose the
one occupying the most liberal position—the po-
sition most in accordance with my own senti-
ments. Has my colleague any further questions?
Mr. CAMPBELL. In regard to the speech to
which my colleague refers, made two years ago,
of course I cannot be expected now to repeat pre-*
cisely what I then said. I went there, as my
colleague well knows, accepting a challenge which
had been made for a discussion in the city of
Piqua, by the distinguished gentleman from Ohio
who now occupies a seat in the other end of the
Capitol, (Mr. Pugii.) I recollect well that my
colleague was upon the stand with us during the
struggle of that night. I made an appeal to men
of all parties—Whigs and Democrats—who were
opposed to the repeal of the Missouri compro-
mise, to vote for my colleague-? putting it upon
the ground that there would be a greater moral
force in returning a man who had stood by us
during all that contest in this House, than there
would be in sending a new candidate, although
he might have been one of my former associates
and a Whig. That is the sort of appeal I made
in behalf of my colleague.
Mr. NICHOLS. It is true,Mr. Speaker, that
my colleague did so advise his own party friends,
putting it upon the ground which I now put it,
that it was a choice between two Democrats; one
of whom was consistent with his former opinions
upon the great question then at issue, and tho
other of whom proposed to be inconsistent.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I admit that I had no
very great sympathy for the old Democratic
party. I never had; but, in that contest, I re-
garded the principle as the great matter, rather
than the man. If my colleague insists, however,
that it was a choice between two evils, for the sake
of compromise, and getting to the transaction of
the public business, 1 am willing that he shall so
consider it.
Mr. NICHOLS. I am glad that this matter
has at last reached thefrue ground. It may bo
that, as my colleague "advised, a portion of my
constituents voted for me as u choice of evils, or,
upon a similar ground. It is a matter of no par-
ticular consequence to mc upon what ground they
put it. My reason—and I say it in all kindness
to my colleague—for refusing to vote for him at
the commencement of the session, was simply
that the course of events in Ohio had changed
tho political position of himself and myself; and
in the vote which I eventually gave for Speaker,
I supposed I was giving it to the most liberal,
who was a candidate in opposition to the regular
Democratic candidate of the House.
Mr. CAMPBELL. Before my colleague takes
his seat—for there is no question upon which I
wish to take the floor to speak—I wish to put to
him this question, or at least, to ask him to do
me the justice to say that I never did, either be-
fore the meeting of Congress, or after, either di-
rectly or indirectly, suggest to him that he ought
to vote for me; and I certainly never would, under
any circumstances, ask him to violate a principle
with the view of securing his vote—ccrtainly not.
