1856.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
wm
South, that, if it was to be forced on the people
by the action of Congress, then we ought in
justice to let it begin here, so that we iffight our-
selves have the cream of the struggle. But the
country is now in no such position as it then was,
nor are the branches of the Government.
I therefore do not hesitate to move this propo-
sition. Whether it be adopted in the form in
which I have presented it, or in that suggested
by the gentleman from California, [Mr. Her-
bert;] I care not. I think it better that the
House should organize by the adoption of the
plurality rule, than that the wheels of the Gov-
ernment should longer remain blocked. We
have some seventy millions of money that are to
be appropriated. Our works of defense should be
strengthened. Our Navy needs increasing, under
the threatening aspect of our foreign affairs; and
as organization is neccssary to carry the proper
measures, ought wc not to get at it in some prac-
ticable mode ?
Mr. HERBERT. I desire before I proceed,
that the gentleman from North Carolina will ac-
cept my amendment.
Mr. CLINGMAN. I will hear the gentle-
man's statement. I am satisfied either way.
Mr. LETCHER. Let us hear the amend-
ment.
Mr. HERBERT. It is simply to strike out
the word "immediately," and insert "to-mor-
row."
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I ask that the
resolution may be road as it will stand if amended.
The Clerk read the resolution as proposed to
be amended.
Mr. CLINGMAN. I prefer that my resolu-
tion should stand as I offered it. The gentleman
can offer his amendment, and the House can de-
cide between the two propositions.
Mr. HERBERT. I preferred that the gentle-
man should accept my amendment, so that I could
speak directly to the resolution.
Mr. CLINGMAN. The gentleman can offer
his amendment and still speak directly upon the
resolution.
Mr. HERBERT. Mr. Clerk, for two months
we have been engaged in a fruitless effort to elect
a Speaker and organize this House; and, prac-
ticailyspeaking, I believe we approximated nearer
the desirable result at the commencement of the
session than we do at the present time. After
unlimited debate for three weeks, we adopted the
ten-minute rule, expecting and hoping that it
would not only curtail the debate, and time spent
in idle declamation and a reiteration of sentiment
and opinions as familiar to the people of this coun-
try as household words, but bring about (to the
delight of the nation) a speedy organization.
Have our calculations in this proven correct ?
Have our hopes and desires been realized? The
shadow of the obstacles and impediments which
at first appeared small and of little consequence,
has grown into a cloud so dark and thick that
neither the appeal of patriotism nor the voice of
reason seems capable of dispelling it. Before its
adoption, it appears the seed of discussion had
been sown, and the passions and prejudices of
men had fixed them but more permanently in the
positions they had assumed at the outset. It has
proven wholly inefficient; and although the time
was limited, yet wc heard then the same crimina-
tions and recriminations that we had heard before
its adoption. A galling fire was kept up, and the
limitation but added, fuel to the flame, and con-
densed the bitterness into gall.
Under the operation of this rule wo have gained
nothing up to the present time. There has been
no speech, as yet, made here calculated to recon-
cile the differences of opinion which exist amongst
us, or to remove the obstacles in the way of an
organization. Every effort which has been made
seems to have placed us further apart. I ask
gentlemen to pause and consider well their posi-
tions and the duties and obligations resting upon
them as Representatives on tins floor of the Amor- i
ican people. Let us reflect upon the circum- |
stances which surround us, "and, if wc respect," ;
lend an ear to the wishes and demands of the •
country. From every quarter the people say, j
".organize." Men of every opinion throughout the 1
country appeal to us to organize. Will we turn j
a deaf "ear to these appeals? Will we suffer the j
wheels of Government to be clogged merely to j
gratify our selfish prejudices and personal prefer- |
ences ? We are casting a stigma, by our action,
upon the escutcheon of ottr country. The people
feel it, and they must and will repudiate our
action. Why cling to a specter with such tena-
city?4 Do the great principles and interests of
our country depend upon the man who may be
elected Speaker of this House?
There are other tribunals to which the country
can and will appeal. Let us look around, recon-
noiter our premises, and consider for a moment
our true position. Let us not deceive ourselves as
to facts, nor in thehour of peril and danger prove
recreant as sentinels at the posts which have been
assigned us by the people. The spectacle here
presented is humiliating in the extreme, and as
Americans w*e should "blush to think that the
extreme admiration in which wc have heretofore
been held by the civilized nations of the world
bids fair to be turned into scorn and ridicule.
Longer procrastination in the organization of
this House not only goes to prove that we are
incapable of self-government, but brands the fun-
damental principles upon which the country and
its institutions are based with ignominy and dis-
grace.
But let us bring this thing home. What is the
present condition of our foreign relations? Sup-
pose England insists upon her construction of the
Clayton-Buhver treaty, and Denmark refuses us
the navigation of the Baltic, and Spain says,
"Yes, I tired into your merchantmen, with the
stars and stripes flying from the mast-head, and
have no apologies to make," are we prepared to
meet the crisis? Do gentlemen feel secure? Is
your Pacific coast in a position* " without even
a sufficiency of munitions of war to suppress a
few hostile tribes of Indians, now plundering our
citizens, and putting to the tomahawk and scalp-
ing-kmfe our women and children," to cope with
the Powers ^we may in a short time be brought in
contact with ? It is time that this farcc was ended.
Let us present an unbroken'front, and, instead
of weakening, strengthen, " if possible," the ties
which have ever bound us together as a union of
brothers.
What would be the position of California in
ease of a war, unprotected, unprovided for, and
neglected as she has ever been by the General
Government? Will you force us to the alterna-
tive of separating from you, and setting up for
ourselves? or, without the means to defend our-
selves, which, under existing circumstances, must
be done at the sacrifice, not only of the best blood,
but eventually at the cost of your entire Pacific
coast, shall we keep up this contest among our-
selves until the war has actually commenced, and
every passage to the West is cut off, and San
Francisco blockaded by a British fleet? Will you,
with a full knowledge of our foreign relations,
and the fact set forth by the Secretary of War,
that it will requiie $100,000,000 to place the
Pacific possessions in a defensible position, con-
tend longer as to who shall bo made Speaker of
this House? Will you continue this pitiful quar-
rel to the loss of your self-respect, and the sacrifice
of your national honor ?
Itisno selfish motive which actuates the allusion
to California; for, although proud of the position
as one of her Representatives on this floor, her
history is too well known by every American not
to be appreciated. I hope the resolution may be
adopted, and that gentlemen representing older
States in this Union, which have bceia built up
and placed in comparative security by the fostering
care and wholesome legislation of this country,
will not, by their stubbornness, force us to suffer
the evils which may arise and grow out of this
delay. California is made up of men from all
sections of this Union—North, South, East, and
West. They are national men—not sectional, and,
when the crisis comes, will be found ready to fight,
side by side, with all men who love this country
and choose the stars and stripes as the emblem
of their devotion. We have one hundred thou-
sand fightingmen. Furnish us the proper aid,and
at the proper time: we ask nothing more. Must
we yield for want of that aid in time, now with-
held from us through our incapacity to organize
this House? Do you look upon the election of
Mr. Banks, Mr. Fuller, or Mr. Richardson, as
of more mipoitanee to you than the security of
California? Cut off, for a few months, the mil-
lions of treasure furnished by her, and you bring
upon the commercial interests of this Govern-
ment a shock which must shake its credit to the
very center, and bankrupt thousands of your best*
citizens.
Sir, we have tried every expedient, we have,
made every concession, which honorable meh-
could make, in order to bring about an organiza--
tion of this House. Yes, sir, we have gone;
further in support of this object. W^have
yielded our personal preferences, and ■e&sn the
name of our standard-bearer [Mr. Richardson]
withdrawn, under the impression that men, claim-
ing upon this floor to be conservative J would
cheerfully lend us their support in an effort to'
defeat a horde of fanatics, who, vulture-like, seek
to destroy and trample under foot those princi-
ples which have given vitality to the country;
and without a sacred adherence to which, by all
sections of this Union, those ties which have
hitherto bound us together like chains of adamant
will soon be severed. Sir, the ruthless ax of
fanaticism has been raised against the constitu-
tional rights of a portion of the people of this
Union, whose sense of their deep wrongs would
make them see this fair land run red with blood,
rather than yield to unjust and ungenerous aggres-
sions from even their own brothers. Then, I
call upon gentlemen, and ask if they, claiming
that their record is complete, and boasting that
they represent a conservative and national con-
stituency, will, with arms folded, stand calmly
by and see the government of this House, and all
the consequences incident thereto, placed in the
hands of the champion of fanaticism, or in the
hands of any other man who has expressed his
willingness (under particular circumstances) to see
this " Union slide?"
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Pennsylvania. I would
ask the gentleman from California, when the
gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr. Banks]
said  
Mr. HERBERT. If you want to ask me ques-
tions, do it out of doors, where honors are easy
and responsibility equal ?
Yes, sir, I repeat, are gentlemen willing to
clothe him with power, who but a few days since
expressed in their own hearing a doubt as to the
superiority of the white man over the negro?
Sir, let our opinions differ as they may upon
other principles, yet I feel that all questions re-
garding the national policy of this Government
sink into insignificance when compared with that
of abolitionism; and you are now called upon to
decide, whether the love you bear your country
and the Union is-greater than the hate you bear
the poor Catholic or foreign-born citizen, who,
by worshiping his God according to the dictates
of his own conscience, seeks not to injure you or
yours, and who can boast of being an American
by preference and not by chance.
Sir, I have been taught that the essence of
Democracy was that which lodged in the body
of the people sovereign power; and that it was
the duty of those to whom it. was delegated to
use it not only with prudence and caution, but
with an eye single to the interest and welfare of
those whom they represent; then, whatever may
be our own feelings, whatever may be the con-
victions of our own judgments, as to the pro-
priety of the positions we may have or do now
occupy, it should be remembered that there are
obligations resting upon us paramount to all per-
sonal or selfish considerations. And, although
we have at heart the good of the country, and
may shudder at the prospects before us, we have
but the two alternatives left us—of being forced
into anarchy, or, trusting to the justice of our
cause, submit; knowing that
II] fares the bark with tackle riven,.
Ill when on the breakers duven;
111 when the storm-sprite shrieks m air,
And the spaicd mermaid tears her hair;
But woise, far worse, when on her holm the hand
Of some false traitor holds command.
Sir, these chances have to be taken; and I believe
that the sooner it is done the better it will be for
the country; and besides, I fear we have placed too
high an estimate upon the election of a Speaker,
for can we, being in a minority, reasonably ex-
pect to see Democratic and national measures
succeed, with a majority of two to one against
us. Our future success does not depend upon our
maneuvring heir, or the failure to elect a Speaker
from our ranks, but upon great principles must we
rise or fall, when we take issue before the people—
the highest and noblest tribunal known to freemen.
