820
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 30.
Sir, we have said—and our actions will bear us
•out in- the assertion—that we are unwilling to fuse
with any party at" the sacrifice of our-principles.
Then, armed as we are, fully prepared to meet our
opponents, let us go before the people, bearing in
one hand the emblem of trufh and justice, and in
the other the_ sword of principle. I repeat, sir,
we have nothing to fear; the seal of condemna-
tion wiftbe placed upon the acts and doings of a
false/pretended, and hypocritical philanthropy;
and when the mad imis of the day will perish and
moulder"away before the light of truth; yea, not
a solitary votary of the secret, midnight order will
be found groping around the unhallowed altars
of the idol to whom', in their wild fanaticism,
they would now sacrifice friends, kindred, and
brothers as victims of religious proscription.
Mr. WHEELER. I rise to move that the
resolution be laid upon the table.
Mr. LETCHER. I wish to make a remark
or two.- ~ _ *
Mr. "WHEELER. I withdraw my motion,
and yield the floor to the gentleman from Vir-
SMr. LETCHER Mr. Clerk, I have been
opposed, from the first to the last, to the adop-
tion of the plurality rule. I regard it as a ques-
tion involving principle; and, so regarding it, it
can never receive my favor or support in this
House. The southern portion of this country is
in a"minority here in the House of Representa-
tives, and in a minority in the other wing of the
Capitol; and one of the greatest securities which
we have for the South is the requisition on the
part of those elements which make up the North
that they shall be required to combine, either for
the purpose of organization here, or for the pur-
pose of organization in the other wing of the
Capitol. Regarding it in this view, and looking
at the present state of the elements which are
found in this-House, 1 cannot recognize a prin-
ciple which, in my judgment, is calculated to
place that section of country from which I come
at a greater disadvantage than it now occupies.
My own view is, that the result of this election
is now fixed and certain. I consider the presenta-
tion of this plurality rule, under all the circum-
stances, an indication that it is to meet with
success; and I do not see the slightest necessity
for postponing what now seems inevitable until
Thursday. If the resolution is to be adopted, it
seems to me it had as well be done now as at any
other future time. If Mr. Banks is to get a plu-
rality, and, by virtue of that plurality, is to be
elevated to the Speaker's chair of this House, I
see no reason for a postponement for one day.
Regarding it, sir, m this light, as fixed and cer-
tain, as a lest I move that the resolution he laid
on the table.
Mr. HOUSTON. I demand the yeas and nays
on the motion to lay on the table.
Mr. CLINGMAN. Will the gentleman from
Virginia withdraw his motion to lay on the table,
so that I may modify my resolution ?
Mr. LETCHER. For that purpose only.
Mr. CLINGMAN. Mr. Clerk, on consult-
ation with the gentleman from California, ho
waives his amendment; and I now ask that my
resolution stand as it was originally moved—that
it take effect immediately.
Mr. LETCHER. I renew my motion to lay
on the table.
Subsequently, Mr. Letcher withdrew his mo-
tion.
Mr. BOYCE. Mr. Clerk, I am opposed to this
resolution. I have been opposed to it, and I expect
to continue to be opposed to it as long as I see that
it will produce the result which it will now pro-
duce. What will be the eiFect of this resolution ?
Sir, its adoption will be, in effect, the election of
Mr. Banks. It is plain, beyond all doubt, that it
would be the election of Mr. Banks. Does it not
then become the members of the Democratic party
to pause and look at what will be the effect of their
action upon this plurality resolution? Are they
willing to take a single step towards the election
of Mr. Banks ? I look upon the election of Mr.
Basks as one of the greatest misfortunes that could
happen to this country. Not that I have any
personal objections to him—not at all—but on
account of the political principles which he holds;
and with me m n are nothing—principles are
everything. I look upon his principles, if carried
out, as death to the Constitution and to the Union.
The result of his principles, if carried out, would
be inevitably revolution; and, as a friend of peace,
and a friend of the Constitution of my country, I
should deplore his election as a calamity and mis-
fortune to the country.
What is the position of things now, if we go
into this election under the plurality rule? Why,
it appears, Mr. Clerk, that upon the last ballot
Mr. Banks got ninety-nine votes to Mr. Orr's
sixty-mne, and Mr. Fuller's thirty-four, and
that there were some five scattering. Well, if we
go into an election now, under the plurality rule,
Mr. Banks is certain to be elected, unless there
is a union between the Democratic party and the
American party ofthe South. Willthatunion take
place? I think that that union is impossible at
present. After the debate of yesterday, and after
the manifestations that have been made, and the
peculiar condition of things which now exists, it
seems to me that a union upon any one candidate
under the plurality .rule is impossible. What
then follows? Why, that Mr. Banks would be
elected. His election is a moral certainty. I
think, therefore, that we ought to pause before
going into this election. It might be that, by
waiting a little longer, something might turn up,
and that those conflicting elements which are sub-
stantially agreed upon the great absorbing, vital
question that divides the country—the question
of slavery—might possibly harmonize, so as to
vote for one man; but not at the present time. I
think it impossible now. I think, therefore, that
we ought to wait and see what will be the result.
I take it, Mr. Clerk, that there are two opinions
upon the slavery question in this House among
the Republicans: one represented by the distin-
guished gentleman from Indiana, [Mr. Dunn,]
who looks upon the repeal of the Missouri re-
striction as a violation of good faith, and as
renewing the slavery agitation, and who desires
to restore that compromise in order to give peace
to the country. I respect that feeling, sir, although
I believe it to be a mistaken one. But there is
another feeling, in favor of war, war, perpetual
war, against the South and her institutions; and
that is the feeling represented by the gentleman
from Massachusetts, [Mr. Banks.] I asked him
if he was in favor of the abolition of slavery in
the District of Columbia, which is the test ques-
tion. Did he not refrain from answering that
question? I asked him if he believed in the
equality of the white and black races, and was
willing to legislate to produce that result; and his
answer is before the country. What did he say
one day, and what on a subsequent occasion?
Let the two answers go together. Then it appears,
from the gentleman's own statement, that he rep-
resents the most anti-slavery district m the United
States, a pregnant intimation of his own opinions.
Should the Democratic party, then, who can alone
rescue the country from its'impending dangers—
for they are the only conservative party at the
North ol" adequate power—should they, or should
any members of that party, vote now for this reso-
lution, when it will have the certain effect of elect-
ing the gentleman from Massachusetts, with those
opinions on the slavery question ?
It seems to me that our true policy is not to
vote for this resolution now, but to wait for future
developments—to wait until it becomes a question
of a plurality or anarchy; and then gentlemen
may decide. For my own part, whenever that
question is put to me—to-day, to-morrow, next
week, or next year—if it be anarchy, or the ex-
treme anti-slavery opinions of Mr. Banks, I shall
say ''anarchy foiever.?J
Mr. BENNETT, of New York. Mr. Clerk,
I am in favor of this resolution. I was here m
1819, when the plurality rule, by a resolution
precisely like this, was adopted, underwhich the
gentleman from Georgia [Mr. Cobb] was elected
Speaker, and the gentleman from Massachusetts
[Mr. VVuithrop] was defeated. Should the same
rule be now adopted, it is quite uncertain who
would be elected under it. Should it happen to
be the gentleman from Massachusetts, [Mr.
Banks,] it would only be a fair set-off to the
election m 1649.
I voted for the plurality rule then, although we
were defeated; and m the existing state of parties
in this House, I shall vote for it now, whether
its effect will be to elect or defeat the candidate
lam supporting. I vote for it upon principle;
and after this long delay—more than twice as long
as ever occurred before—in my opinion, the pub-
lic interest imperatively requires its adoption.
Where, as is now the case, there are more than
two parties, each adhering to a separate organi-
zation,and voting for a separate candidate, neither
of which, after an eight weeks' effort, is able to
command the votes of a majority, it would seem
to be the only fair and practicable mode left to
organize the House, so as to reflect the senti-
ments of our constituents. How else can it be
done? Neither party can be required, neither
party can be expected, to make an unconditional
surrender. Yet this House must be organized,
in order that the necessary legislation may be pro-
ceeded with. In this state of things the plurality
rule is the nearest approximation to a majority it
is possible to obtain. It is right in principle, for
that party having the largest number of Repre-
sentatives ought to have the Speaker from their
number. Ithas authority and precedent for it. It
has had the sanction of this House heretofore; it
is the rule for the election of officers in nearly all
the States of this Union. While each party per-
sistently votes for its candidate, and requires a
majority to elect, an organization is prevented, as
much so as if two of the three parties here should
refuse to meet us in this Hall, and thus prevent ^
an organization by the want of a quorum. No one
would justify that; yet requiring a majority, as
parties are organized, here, equally prevents an
organization. The adoption of the plurality rule
is therefore not only proper, but has become a
matter of necessity.
But I rose to obtain a vote on this resolution,
not to make a speech; and as this subject in all
its bearings is understood by every gentleman, I
renew the previous question.
Mr. H. MARSHALL. I hope the gentleman
will withdraw that, just for one moment. I will
renew it after a single observation.
Mr. BENNETT. I will withdraw it with that
understanding.
Mr. MARSHALL. Mr. Clerk, I have just
arisen to say, in order that my voice, too, may
reach the country before this deed is done, that
I expect the plurality rule will prevail; that I
'expect that the Democratic party, to a man, will
throw their votes against it; but that there will
be a sufficient diversion from it to effect the pur-
pose; and that party will be held to a responsi-
bility for the consequence by the country, as
much as he would be held to a responsibility for
the consequences who throws a lighted squib
into a powder magazine. They know what the
consequence will be, and, as a matter of course,
when the consequence comes, an enlightened
people will hold them to the responsibility for it.
I have said all I desire to say. I now renew the
previous question, and the people will visit the
responsibility where it belongs.
Mr. GREENWOOD. I understand the pre-
vious question has been demanded.
The CLERK. It has been.
Mr. GREENWOOD. I move to lay the reso-
lution upon the table.
Mr. RICHARDSON. Upon that motion I
demand the yeas and nays.
Mr. DOWDELL. I desire the gentleman from
New York [Mr. Bennett] to withdraw the de-
mand for the previous question for a moment.
Mr. BENNETT. I cannot.
The yeas and nays were then ordered.
Tluf question was then taken on the motion to
lay the resolution upon the table, and it was decid-
ed in the negative—yeas 108, nays 108; as fol-
lows:
YEAS—Ajftrn. Alien, Baiksdale, Bell, Hendley
S Bennett, Bocock. Bowie, Bo\ ce. Branch, Biook^,Broom,
Burnett, C.uUv.iiadi'i, Jonn P. Campbell. Carlile, Carutheis,
Ca-kie, Bavaui Claik, Howell Cobb. Williamson It. W.
Cobb, Cox," Crawtbi.t, rullen, Davidson, Henrv Winter
Davis, Denvei, Dowdcil, Dunti, Edmundson, Elliott, Eng-
lish, Ethend^e, EiM.it;. Evan*, violence, Foster, Ileniy M.
Fuller, Thomas J. D. Puller, Goode, Giuonwood. Augustus
Hall, J Morrison Hniris, Sampson W. Hairis, Thomas L.
(lams. Harrison, Raven, ffortman, Houston, Jewett,
W. Jonu*, J. Glancy Jones, Kcnnert, Kidwell,
Lake. Letcher, Lmdiey,Lumpkin. Alexander !v. Marshall,
Humphiey Mai shall. Samuel S. Mars-hall. Maxwell, Mc-
Mulhn, Metiueen, Smith Miller, MilKon, Milhvard, Moore,
Mordecai Oliver, On. Fame, Peck, Phelps Porter, Powell,
Puryoar. Quitman, Readc, Ready, liicaud, Richardson,
Rivers. Rutfm, ltu&t, Sandidse, S-ivase, Scott, Shorter,
Samuel A. Smith, William Smith, William H Smith,
Sneed, Stephens. Stewart. Swope. Talbott, Tnppe, Under-
wood, Vail. Vafk. Walk-i, Warner, Watkms, Wheeler.
Whitnev, Wmsluw, Damol B. Wngm, John V, Wlight,and
Zolhcotier—106.
