1046
THE-CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 28,
Mr. READY. Nor, as I understood, did any-
individual member of that party. I want to know-
how it was.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I have already stated
that—
The SPEAKER. Consent was given to the
gentleman from Tennessee to make a personal
explanation, and he cannot yield to the gentleman
from Ohio except by unanimous consent. The
gentleman from New York objects to any further
occupying of the floor on this subject by anybody
but the gentleman from Tennessee.
Mr. READY. I desire to have the gentleman
answer the interrogatory. 1 think it is due to
him, to myself, and to those with whom I act;
and I hope the House will accord their assent to
him to do so. The question is, did any individ-
ual member of that party make a proposition to
him ?
Mr. CAMPBELL. The gentleman from Ten-
nessee made no proposition to me publicly or
privately, pretending to represent his party, or
of his own account. Further than that,l do not
recognize his right to interrogate me; and I relieve
him from any charge of that character.
Mr. READY. I believed that the gentleman
would relieve me. 1 had no misgivings on that
subject. It has not been my purpose to make
imputations against the gentleman from Ohio, or
to place him in an unfavorable category. I did
not know whether or not he had made the state-
ments attributed to him in the report of his
speech; and if he had made them, then I desired
to ascertain who it was that had made the prop-
ositions, because I believed that if there were
those who had made the propositions to which
reference had been so made in his speech, they
ought to be made known, and exposed to the
country. Perhaps, Mr. Speaker, 1 should not
• have deemed it necessary to call the attention of
the gentleman from Ohio, and of the House, to
this report of his speech, had it not been that I
have observed certain party political organs com-
menting upon that speech since it has appeared,
tin reported,and endeavoring to make capital out
of the prejudices of the National American party;
and it was to wet them ri^ht, and in mder that the
gentleman might set himself right also, that I
made the inquiry which 1 did, and not with any
unkind feeling.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I have already stated that
I did not at anytime say that there was a formal
proposition made to me fiom the gentleman's
party m the House. No member of it made any
proposition that I should come on the twelfth
section against my convictions of right; but in
private conversation, various members of that
party did intimate that one of the objections to
me, was the fact that I repudiated the twelfth
section of the Philadelphia platform. Further
than that, it was suggested to me from other
sources, that if I consented to indorse the twelfth
section, the probability was that I would have an
accession to my strength from that quai ter, and
be electcd; to which T responded that I had no
principles for sale to acquire any hviiots.
REMISSION OF DUTIES.
The question being, " Shall the decision of the !
Chair stand as the judgment of the House ?" on '
which the previous question had been moved by
Mr. Galloway—
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered, namely: ''Shall the deci-
sion of the Chair stand as the judgment of the '
House?" and on this the yeas and nays had been j
ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the affirmative-—yeas 8i, nays 73; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Albright, Henry Bennett, Benson. Bii- .
linghurst, Bingham, Bishop, Bliss, 13rad*baw, Bienton,
Broom, Bulfinton, Kurlmgame, Lewi* D. Campbell, Clmftce, j
Colfax, Lovodc, Cragin, Cumback, Tlamiel!, Henry Winter ! j
Davis, rimothy Davis, D«an, Denver, Dickson, Dodd, !|
Ernrie, EusUs, Flagler, Henry M. Fuller, Tliemas J. D. |1
Fuller, Galloway, Giddmgs, Grow, Harrison, Haven Her- !
bert, Holloway, Valentine B. Horton, Kelsey. Kennett i
Knapp, Knight, Knowiton, Knox, Maiteson, McCartv*
Meacham, Millword, Moigan, Morrill, Mott, Nichols An- ll
drew Oliver, Parker, Pelton, Pike, Potter, Pringle, Purvi- i
ance, Robbms, Roberts, Robison, Sabm, Sapp, Scott, Sew- I
ard, Simmons, Stanton, Stronahan, Tappan, Thorington. 1
Thurston, Trafton, Tyson, Wade, Wakeman, Waibridge', i
Ellihu B. Washburne, Israel Washburn, Watson, and .
Whitney—81. i
NAYS—Messrs. Aiken, Bark^dalo, Hcndley S. Bennett, '
Bowie. Bovee, Branch, Burnett, Cadwalader, John P. (
CSrniptfeil, Curiitej Oiingmau; BoWsi] C#, WiU&mstfn
W. Cobb, Cox, Crawford, Davidson, Dowdell, EdmumWon,
Gootfe, Greenwood, Augustus Hall, Harlan, Sampson W.
Hams, Hoffman, Uuglfeton. Jewett, George W. Jones, J.
Glaney Jones, Keitt, Kelly, Kidwcll, King, Leiter, Letcher,
Lnidley. Lumpkin, Humphrey Marshall, Samuel S. Mar-
shall, Maxwell, McMullm, McQueen, IOUian Miller, Small
Miller, Millson, Orr, Paine, Peck, Phelps, Powell, Puryear,
Quitman, Reade, Ready, Richardson, Rivers, Ruffin, Sav-
age, Shorter, William R. Smith, Sneed*, Spinner, Swope,
Talbott, Taylor, Trippe, Vail, Valk, Waldron, Walker,
Warner, Wheeler, Darnel B. Wright, and John V. Wnglit
—73.
So the decision of the Chair was sustained.
Pending the call of the roll,
Mr. CRAIGE stated that he had paired off for
the rest of the month with Mr. Wood.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. The decision of
the Chair having been, sustained, it is now in
I order to move to refer that bill to the Committee
of the Whole on the state of the Union.
The SPEAKER. That motion is in order.
Mr. JONES. Then I move that it be so refer-
red, and ordered to be printed.
The SPEAKER. The bill has already been
ordered to be printed.
Mr. JONES. Then I move its reference to
the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union.
Mr. HERBERT. I move to amend that mo-
tion by making this bill the special order of the
day for the second Tuesday m May.
I The SPEAKER. That can only be done by a
suspension of the rules.
Air. JONES. I object to the special order.
Mr. PHELPS. I move the previous ques-
tion on the motion of the gentleman from Ten-
nessee.
Mr. PELTON. I believe that I have a pre-
vious question pending before the House.
The SPEAKER. The Chair understands that
the previous question was demanded by the gen-*
tleman from New York [Mr. Pelton] when the
bill was reported from the committee.
Mr. JONES. That previous question is ex-
hausted long ago. How can you brim? it back ?
The SPEAKER. The pi evious question having
been moved by the gentleman from New York,
on ordering the bill reported from the Commit-
tee on Commerce to ho engrossed and read a
third tune, and the decision of the Chair that the
bill did not necessarily, under the rules, and with-
out the order and vote of the House, go to the
Committee of the Whole, having been sustained
by the judgment of the House, the Chair is of
opinion tluU the bill is placed m the position
which it occupied when the question of order was
raised; and if the gentleman from New York
insist on his call, that will be the question.
Mr. COBB, of Georgia. I would remind the
Chair, and the gentleman from New York, of a
fact in connection with this matter. Itij^rue,
that whtm the gentleman reported the bifflm>m
the committee, he moved the previous question;
, but nt the suggestion of some friends, who were
unwilling to have the bill put upon us passage,
j lie withdrew the call for the previous question,
1 for the purpose of moving to postpone the con-
] sideration of the bill to a day certain, and because
j the previous question would have cut off a motion
i to postpone.
j Mr. PELTON. I desire to put myself right
j in regard to this matter. I have not withdrawn
j the call for the previous question, although I of-
j fcred to do so. I have now arisen for the pur-
, pose of doing so. I have no desire whatever to
j press the consideration of this bill on the House
, at the present time; but I do desire that it may
j have consideration at the eaihest practicable time
; after the bill shall have been printed, and after
; every member has had an opportunity to exam-
ine into us merits or demerits.
j Mr. JONES, (interrupting.) While the pre-
vious question is pending it is not debatable.
The SPEAKER. It is not debatable. The
gentleman from New York desires to withdraw
his call for the previous question, and was stat-
by unanimous consent of the House, his
reasons. If objection be made, he is not in
order.
Mr. PELTON. I withdraw the call for the
previous question, and I now move that the fur^
ther consideration of the bill be postponed till the
third Tuesday in May, and made the special or*
der for that day.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio. I wish to suggest
to the gemiomon from New York, that he mdve
to postpone till the second Friday in May, for the
reason that the time he names would interfere
with the consideration of the general appropria-
tion bills; and this being rather in the nature, per-
haps, of a private claim, it ought to be assigned
for Friday. 1 ask him to so modify his motion
as to have the consideration of this bill postponed
till the second Friday m May.
Mr. JONES. I move to commit the bill to the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from New
York, who reported the bill from the Committee
on Commerce, withdraws his call for the previous
question, and moves that the further considera-
tion of the bill be postponed till .
Mr. PELTON. I will amend my motion in
compliance with the suggestion of the gentleman
from Ohio. I have only one object in regard to
this matter, and I desire to accommodate the
House to any extent; I simply want to have this
bill brought up some day when it can be discussed
and finally disposed of. If the second Friday in
May suit the House better than the third Tues-
day, I will amend my motion to that extent. If
there be any objection to that particular day, I
desire to hear it; my own preference would be
the third Tuesday of May.
Mr. ORR. The gentleman from New York
proposes, by his mouon, to postpone the further
consideration of this bill till a day certain, at
which time the bill is to be considered in the
llouwe. Nov/, sir, every gentleman must know
that in the House there can be but two amend-
ments proposed to this bill of some six, seven,
or eight sections, and then you are precluded
from offering any more. You cannot stop debate
in the House unless the previous question be
ordered; and after the previous question shall
have been ordered, then thire is no further
amendment in order; so that the Hous<* will be
putting itself in a position—if the mouon be
adopted—of allowing only two amendnu nts to be
voted on, although the bill may require matenal
amendments and guards. Therefore, I do desire
that it shall be sent to the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union, where it can
be discussed and amended. The advantage of its
going to the committee is this: that m committee
when the bill is sent there, the House orders
debate to be closed at a particular hour. The
debate is closed, and the committor is then called
upon to vote on amendments. The committee
may put in such amendments as it is in favor of;
and when they shall have acted upon it and per-
fected the bill, they can report it back. It is im-
possible to perfect this bill m the House; and
therefore, for the purpose of enabling the House
to perfect it bcfoie passing it, I move that the
bill be referred to the Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. In order to secure
the action of this body upon this bill, and m order
that all may have an opportunity of investigating
it and proposing amendments, if it wili m^et the
approbation of the House, I propose that the bill
be committed to the Committee of the Whole on
the state of the. Union, and made the special order
for such time as may suit the convenience of its
friends.
Mr. CLINGMAN. I object to its being made
a special order.
Mr. JONES. Then, as the motion is regularly
connected with the subject before the House, I
will move to suspend the rules for the purpose of
making it a special order.
Mr. CLINGMAN. I demand the yeas and
nays upon the motion to suspend the rules.
Mr. JO?sES. I will submit to the gentleman
from North Carolina, whether it is not better
for those who are opposed to this bill to have it
committed to the Committee of the Whole or) the
state of the Union, where we can all investigate
it and at least propose amendments to it, than to
have it brought up heie in the House, where the
previous question may be sprung upon it at any
moment, and all motions to amend cut off?
Mr. CLINGMAN. I am opposed to making
it a special order, and therefore I object. I am in
favor of having the bill committed.
Mr. JONES. You cannot get at the motion to
commit, because the motion to postpone to a day-
certain, which is pending cuts off the motion to
c'cmimii?.
