THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN C. RIVES, WASHINGTON, D. C.
Thirty-Fourtii Congress, 1st Session
WEDNESDAY, AUGUST 6, 1856.
New Series. .. .No. 121.
(S. No. 265) to incorporate the Columbia Li-
brary of Capitoi Hill, in the city of Washington.
The Clerk proceeded to read the bill.
Mr. MEACHAM. The bi)l is to incorporate
a library company of young men of Capitol Hill.
It makes no appropriation, and is in the ordinary
form. Therefore I move that the reading: of the
bill be dispensed with.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I object.
The bill was read vi extenso.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. Has. the previous
question been ordeied upon this bill?
The SPEAKER. It has not, bnt the gentle-
man from Vermont has demanded it.
Mr. JONES. I wish to oiler an amendment
before tlie gentleman insists upon the previous
question; and with the amendment I should
have no objection to the bill.
No objection being made,
Mr. JONES ottered the following amendment;
which was read and agreed to:
slitd be it further cuaclrJ, Thai tin* sun!
of llie Mild coipoiatiuu fchull nor at any ut:r; ev  *«-mI tiic j
amount ot tht'u capital, and thai each ^tockhold-jr '-'kill be i
li'rkl li.iblo iu his oi li'.T individual capacity lb: ail tli.- d"liN '
hatnlilios ui'tln-'cotpotalion, liDWfVi-/ nuuiudo! i.m- j
ti.u'tcd, to bo seemed by suit, a-. othn debt-, .ind !ioi;iht'<
in any coart, or beloiu any tuouuai having jiiiiMticrmn of _
liie ca?>e. ;
The previous question was then seconded; and i
the nuim question oideied tu be put. 1
The bill was ordered to be read a third time; !
and was accordingly read the third time, and
passed. j
Mr. JONES moved to reconsider the vote by j
which the bill was passed, and also moved that !
the motion to reconsider belaid on the tabic; winch
latter motion was a<n*eee to. !
° !
washington benzole oas-ltght com- :
FAN Y. j
Mr. KAURIS, of Maryland, from the Com- i
mittee for the District of Columbia, ivpoi ted back, ■
with a recommendation that it do pass, a bill (S. j
No. 333) to incorporate the Washington Benzole j
Gas-Light Company. j
The bill was read in extenso. !
The question being oil ordering the bill to be :
engrossed and read a third unit*. >
Mr. HARRIS moved the previous question, ■
Mr. JONES, of Tume^ec. I de^re to oiT-r !
an amendment to this bill. 1 will ^te.te that the
provisions of this amendment are similar to 1 huso j
in the charter of the gas company ahvady m j
operation m this city. It is to prevent them from !
issuing change notes, or anything to go into cur- ;
rency; and it is to make the stockholders mdi- j
virtually liable. These provisions are in the !
charter of the present gas company of this city, 1
and it is but right that they should be in this. j
The amendments weie lepoited, aw follows: I
%d/id be it further enacted, That iioilii'i^ ut ;!n- «ut*-hall
bp, cou&nued to authorize said roi jjojation to m.ike. i- ^uc,
or put into enculauoii any lull, dum, cIicoa. pn>mi->o!y ,
note, or change ticket, or <in\tlinigcNc aMrve-
ing to pay money. mtPmiui'i to cn<Mi!,itc a-' ino.:"\. ot tin; 1
tejidnig oi winch :-ha!l be to circuiaic <i^ m>mej 01 canenc\; ,
and the violatoi ot' any on«j ot' til-' pwviM'Uj- o:' thi- ;i.v- j
fo'i shall be a toitcitaic of the Ui.ute: hcu,md. «iud i
si into of liny dollars against ^a<th one of thf1 diicctor-- voting '
lot the same. |
±2nd be it Jui ther enacted} Tnat the debt- and halid- 1
itic? of the ^sud eoiporation 'd .d! nor at tiny mis j c\eced
tiie amount of the cipual. and liisit >-*ac!i stockholder -diall |
lie held liable, i)i hit. or hci mdn ulmi eapicity, tot <ill tne [
debts and iiabililie- oi tiic coipoianon. howeiei incurred
oi coutiacted. to iseated by o.nt. a- nOjo, dobt^ and Ita- ,
bihtic-:, m any court, or beibu; any tribunal having jut i-uie- j
Hon of the cum'. i
 -2ivl be it Jurthcr ciiactcd, That, unlo-i the said corpoia- ;
tion hereby mcoipoiateri ^halh wunin six month- fiotu the
parage ot" the act. get into aeluni operation n< piovubd
lor by"t!n  ehartei, then and ui .-ueli event UiHcnartcrMiall
be null and utterly void
Mr. HARRIS. I would like to ask the gen-
tleman from Tennessee whether I understood him
correctly to say that these amendments are all in
the charter of the Washington Gas Company :
Mr. JONES. Yes, sir.
Mr. HARRIS. Is the last amendment in that
charter?
Mr. JONES. About the time the company is
to go into operation?
121
Mr. HARRIS. Yes.
Mr. .TOXES. I do not recollect about that;
but I have no objection to ita being stricken off.
Mr. HARRIS. I would prefer its being stricken
Mr. MATTESON. Does the gentleman from
Tennessee mean to say that the charter of the
other gas company contains a clause that each
stockholder is liable for all the debts of the com-
pany, however small their stock may be ?
Mr, JONES. Yes.
Mr. MATTESON. Well, I object to that. I
have no objection to make the stockholders liable
to the amount, of their stock; but if a stockholder
having five hundred dollars or one thousand dol-
lars' worth of stock, shall be liable for the whole
debt of the company, I think no one would take
stock m such a company.
Mr. JONES. I ask whether these corporators
are not to be subject to the same laws as others?
and I ask whether, 111 an ordinary partnership,
a person who owns only one thousand dollars'
worth of stock in the concern is not, liable, inlus
individual capacity, for every dollar of the debt?
Mr. MATTESON. The gentleman and my-
self will not enter into an argument on that ques-
' tion. because it would take n long time, and we
have both oar own opinions upon it; but 1 say
in this case—and that is sufficient for my pur-
pose—that I object to any amendment making
stockholders liable beyond the amount of stock
they hold. *
The SPEAKER.. The gentleman from Mary-
land calls the previous question.
Mr. JONES. I cannot, myself, vote for any
act of incorporation which does not make every
stockholder liable for the debts of the concern.
Mr. MATTESON. I have no objection to the
amendment, provided it limits the liability of
stockholders to tile amount of their stock.
; Mr. JONES. The gentleman from Maryland
j had no objection to its coming in.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from New
i York had a right to make objection, the same as
the gentleman fiom Maryland.
! Mr. JONES. Then I hope the gentleman from
Maryland will withdraw the call for the previous
! * i'!ii, until my amendments can be offered.
Th. 'y contain the same principles as are embraced
in the charter of the other gas company—prin-
ciples which have beenputinto the library bill a
; moment ago, and into the insurance company bill.
' 1 believe all the corporations created since I have
j been here, have had that clause of individual
! liability.
i Mr. HARRIS. I would say to the House,
j that the intention was to make this bill correspond
I 111 all its essential features with the charter of the
I gas company of the city of Washington. On the
statement of the gentleman from Tennessee, that
the clauses in the amendment which he suggests
as to the individual liability of stockholders is
contained in the charter of the other gas com-
pany, I am willing to withdraw the previous
question for the purpose of letting his amend-
■ meat get m. 1 except, however, the last clause
| of his amendment.
! Mr. JONES. That is stricken out.
: The amendment being offered,
' Tne previous question was renewed.
1 The previous question was seconded, and the
' mam question ordered—being first on Mr. Jones's
' amendment.
Mr. JONES. By the permission of the gen-
i tleman from Maryland, I will state that the act
. to meorpoiate the Washington Gas-Light Corn-
pan v, passed in 1848, contains this clause:
; ■■■ Th.,t eucti of the ^tockiioMers of the Washington Gas-
Li!;' l Coiifpaiiv ito bo held liable in hiri or tier individual
K.i ait the debts and hahmties oi the said com-
:; y. hWever eorituieted and incurred, to be recovered
beloie a court or tribunal hawn^ juu^dieuon of the ca?e."
: The amendment was agreed to; and the bill as
amended was ordered to be engrossed; and being
enifossed, was accordingly read the third time,
ami passi d.
I Mr. HARRIS moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed, and also moved to
lay the motion to reconsider on the table; which
latter motion was agreed to.
COLUMBIAN HARMONY SOCIETY•
Mr. DODD, from the Committee for the Dis-
trict of Columbia, reported back a bill (S. No.
338) for the relief of the Columbian Harmony
Society, of the city of Washington.
The question being on ordering the bill to be
read a third time,
Mr. DODD moved the previous question.
The bill authorizes an association of free per-
sons of color, commonly known as the Columbian
Harmony Society, to sell a certain square of
ground deeded to them on the 26th of July, 1809,
by the then Commissioner of Public Buildings,
and known in the plat of Washington City as
square 475, under certain provisoes.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered; and under the operation
thereof the bill was passed.
Mr. DODD moved to reconsider the vote by
which the bill was passed, and also moved to lay
the motion to reconsider on the table; which latter
motion was agreed to.
MICHAEL NASH.
Mr. DODD, from the Committee for the Dis-
trict of Columbia, reported back Senate bill for
the relief of Michael Nash, of the District of Co-
lumbia; which, on his motion, was laid on the
table.
LIBRARY FOR YOUNG MEN.
Mr. DODD, from the same committee, reported
Senate bill (No. 87) to establish a library for
young men in the District of Columbia.
Mr. DODD, from the Committee for the Dis-
trict of Columbia, moved an amendment giving
Congress power to alter and repeal said charter.
The amt ndment was agreed to.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee, moved an amend-
ment making the stockholders individually liable
for the debts of the corporation, and to prohibit
them from issuing paper currency.
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was then ordered to a third reading;
and was accordingly read the third time, and
passed.
Mr. DODD moved to reconsider the vote by
which the bill was passed, and also moved to lay
the motion to reconsider on the table; which latter
motion was agreed to.
BILL REFERRED.
Mr. GOODE, from the same committee, re-
ported a bill to reimburse the Corporation of
Georgetown, in the District of Columbia, the
sum of money advanced for the construction of
the Little Falls bridge; which was read twice,
referred to the Committee of the Whole on the
| state of the Union, and ordered to be printed.
i EASTERN BRANCH BRIDGES.
Mr. GOODE, from the same committee, re-
! ported back a bill to extend the jurisdiction of
the Corporation of the city of Washington over
the lower Eastern Branch bridge, and for regu-
lating travel over the upper, or Benning's bridge;
and moved the previous question upon the pas-
sage of the bill.
Mr. BOWIE. I move that the bill be laid on
the table. I see in it the germ of a great deal of
oppression and hardship.
The question was taken on Mr. Bowie's motion;
and it was disagreed to.
The picvious question was seconded; and the
mam question ordered to be put.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and read
!j a third time; and being engrossed, it was accord-
ingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. GOODE moved to reconsider the vote by
•which the bill was passed; and also moved to lay
tin- motion to reconsider on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
SALE OF REAL ESTATE IN CERTAIN CASES.
Mr. GOODE. Fcv.r months ago X repetfte^
