312
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[March 31,
34th Cong.... 1st Sess.
Naval Retiring Board—Mr. Iverson.
Senate.
England has had her secret court) or Star Cham-
ber! France has had her secret revolutionary
tribunals; Spain her secret Inquisition. Des-
potic. Governments have ever resorted to these
arbitrary means to accomplish arbitrary objects,
and to inflict arbitrary punishments. These in-
stitutions, detestable and odious as they were,
have been condemned by the honorable and high-
minded of the more enlightened age in which we
live. In the United States we once had a secret
Hartford Convention, which sat with closed doors
to plot treason against their country; and we have
heard much of late of the midnight sittings of
a certain order called Know Nothings. These
secret meetings, although purely political in their
character, were sufficiently dangerous and detest-
able; but we have never before, until the assem- j
blage of this naval board, had a secret judicial
tribunal sitting with closed doors; and if not
shutting out the light of the sun, at least exclud-
ing the more searching and salutary light which
comes from the jealous and scrutinizing eyes of
the people. Sir, I am opposed to all such tri-
bunals, political or judicial; they are wrong in
principle and dangerous in practice; they are
opposed to the genius and spirit of the age in
which we live; they ought not to be tolerated or
countenanced in a free country; and I rejoice to
know that they have received—as I trust such
proceedings ever will receive—the unqualified
condemnation of the great mass of the American
people.
In my opinion, the Secretary of the Navy erred,
not only in the formation of this board by select-
ing interested judges, but he erred in not giving
them different instructions to control their con-
duct. It was in the power of the Secretary of
the Navy to do this. The power was expressly
conferred on him; and he ought not, in my opin-
ion, to have left this question to the decision of
the board itself! He might have known what
would be the action of such a board. Sir, I am
authorized to say that one member of the board
introduced a resolution to have open sessions, but
it was voted down by a decided majority of the
board; thus furnishing a plausible, if not a forci-
ble and conclusive, foundation for the imputation
which has been cast upon them, of being a band
of secret conspirators, either ashamed or afraid
to expose their conduct to the public view, and
whose judgments and opinions had already been
formed before they assembled.
Sir, the proceedings of this board, holding their
Sessions in secret, and condemning officers with-
out a hearing or an opportunity of defense, have
been assimilated by gentlemen upon this floor to
the proceedings of the Spanish Inquisition. In
my opinion, in many respects, they were worse
than those of the Spanish Inquisition. " Strike,
but hear!" is a motto as venerated for its antiquity
as it is sacred for its wisdom and justice. The
Spanish Inquisition, although it generally always
struck, always heard. Panting as it was for the
blood of its victims, and bloated as it was with
crdfce^t nevertheless gave to its victims the poor
privilege of being heard in self-defense, although
the privilege did not often avail to save them from
the bloody sacrifice; but this secret, interested,
irresponsible naval board struck without a hear-
ing, and struck two hundred and one men at a
single blow. Sir, in my opinion, there never has
been, since the formation of our Government, a
solitary instance in which the principles of justice
and common fairness have been so utterly disre-
garded. The principles of justice which lie at
the foundation of all civil society, the dictates of
common sense; the demands of common decency;
the sacred injunctions of your Constitution, which
guaranty to every individual—the vilest and the
•lowest criminal—the right of being tried openly
by an impartial.tribunal, and the privilege of self-
defense; all these considerations—nay, sir, more,
the injured character, the wounded feelings, and
the violated rights of these unfortunate victims,
" Plead like angels, trumpet-tongued, against
The deep damnation of their taking off."
So much for the proceedings of the naval board
and its effects. In the language of the equity
pleader, in my opinion, it has been marked with
manifold errors and inconsistencies from the
beginning to the end. It has violated the most
saered principles of your Government; it has
inflicted a serious injury on the character and
standing of gallant men. The public voice de-
mands a correction of this error, and the officers
themselves call for redress.
They all feel, or profess to feel, and I have no
doubt do feel, not only that their rights, and in-
terests, and feelings have been sacrificed, but
that their honor has been tarnished—their char-
acter impaired by the judgments of this naval
board.
It has been argued on this floor that no degra-
dation or disgrace has attached to these officers by
the judgment of the naval board. I differ from
that opinion. The people differ from that opin-
ion. The officers themselves, who best under-
stand the effect of these judgments, differ from
this opinion. For what causes have these officers
been retired ? Does any man on this floor know ?
Does the President know? Does the world know ?
The naval board have reported no facts, no evi-
dence, no grounds, no reasons. For what cause,
then, have these officers been retired ? Does it
necessarily follow that in every case they have
fallen under a judgment of physical disability ?
Have they been retired for deafness, for blind-
ness, for the decrepitude of age, for paralysis,
for long-continued and debilitating sickness, for
mental derangement, for the effects of honorable
wounds, or other accidents? Have they been
retired for a want of a sufficient mental capacity,
because they have not been able to reach some
arbitrary standard of mental capacity which has
been set up by this board? Is it because, for-
sooth, they were adjudged not to be quite as
" smart" as the members of the board itself, or
some other officers ? Are these the causes upon
which they have been retired; or have they been
retired for particular offenses involving moral tur-
pitude or dishonorable conduct? For what cause
have they been retired ? Who knows ? The
world is left to conjecture; and the world, we
know, is censorious and ever ready and willing
to put the worst construction on all such things.
Let Senators speak herfe as they may, a censori-
ous world—the invidious, the ungenerous, the
malignant—have pointed, and will continue to
point, the " slow unmoving finger of scorn" at
these men as long as they shall live on the earth.
Sir, is it no disgrace or degradation to be ad-
judged incapable of performing the duties of an
office to which a man aspires, to which he has
been appointed, and which he professes himself
capable of performing? I want to put a case to
Senators. Suppose a tribunal was instituted with
Eowers to investigate the capacity of the mem-
ers of this body, with a view to decide whether
they were capable or incapable of performing the
high trust to which they have been called; and
suppose that this tribunal in its investigation
should decide that the Senator from Mississippi,
rMr. Brown,] and the Senator from Louisiana,
Mr. Benjamin,] and the Senator from Florida,
Mr. Mallory,] who have argued with so much
earnestness here, that no disgrace attaches to these
disrated officers, should fall under the judgment
of this tribunal, and be condemned as incompe-
tent, I wish to ask these Senators whether they
would retire gracefully and quietly from this Hall,
admitting that no degradation attached to their
character from such a judgment ? No, sir; they
would carry with them down to their graves a
deep sense of mortification, of shame, and of deg-
radation. So these officers—even those who have
been put on the retired list—have a badge of in-
feriority attached to their character by the judg-
ment of the naV&l board which will follow them
to the end of their lives, and attach to their mem-
ories after death.
If this be the case of those who have been put
upon the reserved list, I ask what is the condition
of those who have been dropped from the Navy—
who have been turned out of the service for al-
leged incapacity, arising from their own miscon-
duct ? What is their condition ? A deep and abid-
ing shame attaches to the character of those men
which nothing will wipe out but a restoration to
their former position.
Mr. President, the object of this resolution
which I have had the honor to introduce is to
accomplish this very end. We are uninformed
of the causes and reasons for which any of those
officers have been retired and dropped; and the
Navy board has not condescended to inform any
person on this point. They have given no inform-
ation to the President or Secretary of the Navy.
They have given information to no one. How,
then, is it possible for those officers who have
been thus affected, to vindicate their character
before the world and their friends, and before the
tribunals to which they bring their cases ? Is it
not necessary, in the "first place, to understand
the causes and reasons by which they have been
affected? How can they come before this body,
and ask justice at our hands, if, indeed, we have
the right and power to give it? How can they go
to the President of the United States and ask him
i to restore them, when they are unable themselves
j to understand the reasons upon which they have
; been retired ? It is with a view to do justice to
those officers, their friends, and to the country,
that I propose to institute this investigation.
; The board have not only acted in secret, and
condemned in secret, but they are now putting
; around them the veil of impenetrable mystery,
and refuse when called upon to give the reasons
on which they have retired these officers. I sub-
mit that this is adding insult to injury. They
have no right to withhold these reasons, and
causes, and facts, from the officers who have been
thus affected. If they are excused in withholding
them in cases where the officers themselves do not
ask them, because it might be indelicate, because
it might inflict injury on their feelings and char-
acters, no such reasons exist when the officers
themselves demand and call on the board to dis-
close. What right has the board to withhold this
information from the officers on whom their judg-
ments have rested ? What right have they to
withhold it when these officers not only ask re-
spectfully, but demand to know? The very fact
that this board veiled itself in this impenetrable
and obdurate secrecy, is the highest and most
conclusive evidence, not only that they have acted
wrongly, but that they are conscious of having
done injustice.
Now, I propose to make these officers unravel
and disclose. I propose to bring them down from
this elevated eminence which they have assumed
for themselves, and to bring them before a tribunal
of the Senate, to compel them to disclose the facts,
and grounds, and reasons on which their judg-
ments were founded. It is not only in justice to
the officers themselves, in order that they may
know the causes for which they have been re-
tired, not only injustice to their friends who feel
deeply and sensibly on this subject, not only in
justice to the people of the United States, who
are deeply interested in the character of their
naval officers, but it is to enable the Senate to
judge whether these cases have been properly
adjudged or not. It is to give the President in-
formation, to inform his conscience and enlighten
his judgment, so that he may actunderstandingly,
ana do justice to these officers if injustice has been
done to them by the board. It cannot be done
unless this information is obtained. We are
already informed by official communications, that
the President and Secretary know nothing about
these causes; the Senate knows nothing about
them; no one knows anything about them. How,
then, can the President, or this body, or any other
tribunal, form an intelligent judgment on the
question, whether justice has been done or not,
until we arrive at the causes on which these offU
cers have been disrated ? I submit to the friends
of the naval board in this body, that they ought
to be the first men to court such an examination.
Mr. BENJAMIN. If the gentleman from
Georgia will allow me, I should like to ask him
a question.
Mr. IVERSON. Certainly, sir.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I will ask the gentleman
from Georgia if he has turned his attention to
the question of power in the Senate to put these
officers on examination under oath, as he pro-
poses ?
Mr. IVERSON. I have not particularly turned
my attention to that question, but I take it for
granted that the Senate can confer the power on
a committee. It has been done time after time,
and in instance after instance. The Committee
on Naval Affairs have brought in a proposition
which proposes to confer this very power on that
committee; and the House-of Representatives
