322
THp .COMGRESSIOMAf, QLQ3&.
January SI,
States Navy, remonstrating against the action of
the board of naval officers convened under the act
of February 28,1855, as unlawful, ill-considered,
and unjust. The memorialist states that he is
fiftv-fiw years of age, in the full possession of
health and faculties, and that he lias faithfully
performed his duty in every grade duringa pe-
riod of nearly eighteen years sea-service,"without
reproach from the Government; and he asks at
ihe hands of this body that measure of redress
■which is due to every American citizen. I move
that the memorial be referred to the Committee
'on Naval Affairs.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. THOMSON, of New Jersey. I also pre-
sent a memorial from citizens of New Jersey,
asking that one or more ships of war may be sent
to certain islands of the ocean in which large de-
posits of guano have been discovered, to protect
American citizens who claim to be" the owners
of those islands. I move the reference of the
memorial to the Committee on Naval Affairs.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. TOUCEY presented the memorial of Com-
mander Charles H. Jackson, of the United States
Navy, who has been placed on the reserved list in
consequence of the action of the late naval board,
praying for redress; which was referred to the
Committee on Naval Affairs.
Mr. HUNTER presented the memorial of Mur-
ray Mason, a commander in the Navy, who has
been placed on the retired list in consequence of
the action of the late naval board, praying that
justice may be awarded to him; winch was re-
ferred to the Committee on Naval Affairs.
Also, the memorial of Samuel Forrest, of the
United States Navy, praying to be allowed com-
pensation for the safc-keopingand disbursement of
moneys derived from " military contributions" in
California, by order of Commodore Jones; which
was referred to the Committee on Nnval Affairs.
ELECTION OP A PRINTER.
Mr. FITZPATRICK. Mr. President, in pur-
suance of the notice which I had the honor to
submit to the Senate on Monday Inst, I now move
that we proceed to the election of a printer on the
part of the Senate.
Mr. FISH. I hope the Senator will not press
that motion until we have gone through the regu-
lar order of business. I have a petition to present.
Mr. FXTZPATR1CK. In reply to the honor-
able Senator from New York, 1 beg luave to
say, that we have appropriated every morning
during the session to*the yeoption of petitions.
I think that, in the present posture of affairs, we
could dispense with submitting petitions, when
it is known to the Senate that nothing practical
can be accomplished by presenting them now.
Besides, I do not suppose that much time will be
consumed in the election of a printer. The law
requhes its to proceed to the election of a printer
at the commencement of every Congress. Surely
we have had ample time to make up our minds
as to whom we prefer for that position, and the
sooner we elect one the better for the convenience
of the Senate, and all others who may be con-
nected with the execution of the work. I trust
that not only the Senator from New York, but
Senators generally, will yield to my motion, that
we may dispose of thatqucstion. We have, this
morning, had several documents referred and or-
dered to be printed; but until a printer be elected j
they cannot be printed, without such a special j
order as we have heretofore been compelled to ,
adopt. There is an immense quantity of busi- ;
ness pressing on the Senate; and I trust the Sen- j
ate will now dispose of the question, and proceed >
to the election of a printer. i
Mr. FISH. If the motion is in order, of course j
I cannot object to its being put; but I hope the*]
fcntleman will wait a while before presenting it. '
n reply to the appeal which he has made to me, i
X will say to the honorable Senator that, while !
rumor says that he and his friends have had an
opportunity of consulting upon this subject, the
small party to which 1 belong hero has not yet
' had such an opportunity; and we may not be,
perhaps, quite so well prepared as he is to go into
an election, 'If his motion is in order, though,
the Senate will decide the question. I supposed
the business first in order, before the reception of
resolutions, was the reception of petitions.
"•'The PRESIDENT, It ia iu the power of the
Senate to suspend the regular order of business
by a vote. The Senator from Alabama moves to
suspend the prior order of business for the pur-
pose of proceeding to the election of a printer to
this body.
Mr. BROWN. On that motion I call for the
yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered; and, being
taken, resulted—yeas 26, nays 25; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Allen, Bayard, Biggs, Bigler, Bright,
Brodhead,Cass, Clay, E\£ans, Fitzpatuck, Hunter, fverson,
Johnson, Jones of Iowa, Mallory, Mason, Pugh, Rusk, Se-
bastian, Slidell, Stuart, Thomson of New Jersey, Toueey,
Trumbull, Welier, and Wright—58.
NAYS-—Messrs. Adams, Bell of New Hampshire, Bell
of Tennessee, Brown, Butler, Clayton, Ooliamer, Cntten-
den, Durkee, Fe&senden, Fish, Foot, Foster, Ocycr, Har-
lan, Houston, Jones of Tennessee, Pearce, Pratt, Sevvaid,
Sumner, Thompson of Kentucky, Toombs, Wade, and
Wilson—25.
So the motion was agreed to.
The PRESIDENT. Senators will please pre-
pare'their ballots.
The pages proceeded to collect the ballots of
Senators.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. Are we now proceed-
ing to the election of a printer? I should like very
much to inquire whether the duties of this office
were performed satisfactorily by the late printer
to the Senate. I believe it has been the custom
of the Senate to reelect faithful officers.
Mr. FITZPATRICK. Do I understand the
gentleman to question me on that subject?
Mr. CLAY. I call the Senators from Alabama
and Kentucky to order. 1 believe this conversa-
tion is out of order. ^
Mr. WELLER. The Senate is now balloting.
Mr. CRITTENDEN Well, sir, as no one is
disposed to answer, I must take it for granted that
he did properly perform his duties, an*d I must
vote accordingly.
Mr. FITZPATRICK. So far as 1 am con-
cerned, T have nothing to allege against him.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore having canvassed
and counted the ballots, announced that the whole
number of ballots was 53; necessary to a choicc
27; of which—
A. O. P. Nicholson received   24
Keverley Tucker   8
Gamaliel Bailey   4
 Blaiicliaid  4
n. M. "VVatfei^n 4
Gaits So Beaton 2
JohnC Hi      1
J. Walson Webb  1
Columbus Alexandoi  1
Ilia.
As no person had received a majority of the*
votes given, there was choice.
The PRESIDENT. Senators will prepare their
votes for the second ballot.
Mr. CLAYTON. I desire to ask whether, in
#te miming the result of the ballots, blanks are
counted ? I presume gentlemen have been voting
under the impression that they would lie counted.
The PRESIDENT. In announcing the result,
two blanks were reported.
Mr. CLAYTON. Are tlicy counted ?
The PRESIDENT. They were counted,
though the Secretary stated to the Chair, a moment
since, fhat it has been the practice of the Senate
heretofore not to consider them as ballots.
Mr. CLAYTON. I think it would be better
to have that question settled, before we proceed
further.
The PRESIDENT. The Chair is under the
impression that they arc entitled to be counted as
votes.
Mr. YULEE. What would have been the
result if the blanks were regarded as acquiescing
votes ?
The PRESIDENT. It would not have altered
the result as announced.
Mr. ADAMS. I beg leave to call the attention
of the Senate to the fact, that in the case of the
contested election of a Senator from Florida some
years ago, it was determined unanimously that
blank ballots should be counted as votes.
The PRESIDENT. The Chair is under the
impression that blanks arc entitled to be counted
as votes.
Mr. BAYARD. With great deference to the
Chair, I must say that I doubt, it.
Mr. YULEE. I think there can be no doubt
that the settled practice of the Senate has been
otherwise; and if the question should be material
to this election, it would be proper to examine into
that fact.
The PRESIDENT. Th8 Chair thinks that
blanks are entitled to be counted as votes. He
so decides, and he will count them, unless the
Senate^otherwise order.
Mr. PRATT. I understand the honorable Sen-
ator from Florida [Mr. Yulee] to express a dif-
ferent opinion, and to intimate that if, on this
ballot, the omission to count the blanks would
alter the result favorably to the candidate whom
he advocates, he will, notwithstanding the opinion
of the Chair, and although persons may vote with
that opinion in view, contend that the gentleman
whom he favors has been elected. I hope, there-
fore, that th£ Senate will settle the question pre-
liminary to voting the second time, or that the
ballots may be withdrawn from the ballot-box, so
that we may begin anew.
Mr. RUSK. There is no instance within my
recollection where blanks have not been counted
in our ballotings, and I recollect a dozen where
they have been.
The PRESIDENT. If any Senator appeals
from the decision of the Chair, the question will,
of course, be submitted to the Senate for decision.
Mr. YULEE. I will state, for the information
of the Senate, that, having occasion at one time to
examine the question, I became satisfied that the
fact was as I have stated it. The Secretary of
this body, who has had very long experience,
will be able to state, as I think he stated to me at
the time to which I allude, that the settled prac-
tice of the Senate was not to regard or count
blanks as having any effect upon an election. I
have no doubt that has been the settled practice
of the Senate from a very early day. As I under-
stand from the Chair, however, that this question
does not affect the result in the present case, I
raise no objection now.
Mr. BROWN. We are now taking a vote, and
if we do not decide the point now, when shall we
do so?
The PR.ESIDENT. If such be the pleasure of
the Senate, the Chair will submit the question to
the Senate for decision.
Mr. FOOT. I understand the Chair to decide
that blank votes are to be counted as ballots.
The PRESIDENT. The Chair has so decided.
Sir. FOOT. 1 take it, that stands as the judg-
ment of the Senate, unless the decision of the
Chair be reversed.
The PRES1DENT having canvassed the votes,
announced the result of the second ballot, as fol-
lows: Whole number of votes cast, 53; neces-
sary to a choicc, 27; of which—
A. O. P. Nicliolson received 24
Beverley Tucker       9
 Blanchard  7
H. M. WatterhOn 4
Gales. & Sraton 2
C. II. Ilayden  9
Jolm C. Rives  X
Columbus Alexander  1
Gamaliel Bailey  1
Blanks  2
No person having received a majority of the
whole number of votes cast, there was no election.
Mr. FOOT. I hope the Senate will now pro-
ceed to the consideration of the special order of
the day, on which the Senator from New York
[Mr. Seward] is entitled to the floor.
Mr. YULEE. I beg leave at this point to state,
for the information of the Senate, that there is an
express rule of the House of Representatives pro-
viding that in their elections blanks shall not be
counted. In this body it has been the uniform
practice to pursue the same course. I do not
know that we have ? ny specific rule to that effect,
but I am certain that has been the practice of the
Senate.
The PRESIDENT. The Chair is not aware
of the existence of any such rule of the Senate.
If there is one found to that effect, the Chair will
certainly enforce it. The question now before
the Senate is on the motion of the Senator from
Vermont, to suspend the prior orders of business
for the purpose of proceeding to the^onsidcration
of the special order.
Mr- PRATT. I hope it jvill be understood
now whether, after the debate on the special order
shall be finished to-day, the voting- shall then
continue, or shall be postponed until to-morrow,
so that those of us who may not desire to remain
here during the entire debate can absent our-
selves, if we think proper, and come back for the
purpose of voting. To accomplish this object, I
