1048
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 28,
a day certain; and also moved that that motion
be laid upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
The question recurrcd on the motion to refer
the bill to the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union
Mr. ORR. I call for the previous question.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered to be put; and being put,
the bill was referred to the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union.
Mr. ORR moved to reconsider the vote by
which the bill was referred to the Committee of
the Whole on the state of the (Jnion; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid upon
the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. What is
the regular order of business ?
The SPEAKER. The call on the standing
committees for reports.
ST. LOUIS AND IRON MOUNTAIN RAILROAD.
Mr. KENNETT. Mr. Speaker, I rise to ask
the indulgence of the House to suspend the rules
that the Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union may be discharged from the further
consideration of House bill granting the right of
way to the St. Louis and Iron Mountain Rail-
road Company through some public grounds
below that city, and that it be taken up and
passed. I have in my possession letters from the
president and other officers of that company
which, if read, will, I am sure, satisfy the House
that the proposition I make ought to be adopted.
Mr. MATTESON. I demand the yeas and
nays on the motion to suspend the rules.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I demand
tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Wash-
burner of Illinois, and Cadwalader were ap-
pointed.
The question was put; and the tellers reported
—ayes 71, noes not counted. *■
So the motion to suspend the rules was not
agreed to, two thirds of a quorum not voting
therefor.
MESSAGE PROM THE SENATE.
A message was received from the Senate, by
Mr. Dickins, their Secretary, announcing that
the Senate had passed the following bills; in
which he was directed to ask the concurrence of
the House:
A bill to incorporate an insurance company in
the city of Washington;
A bill to incorporate the St. Thomas Literary
Society in the District of Columbia;
A bill for (he benefit of public schools in the
city of Washington;
A bill for the relief of George P. Marsh; and
A bill for the relief of Hannah F. Nilcs;
Also, that the Senate disagree to the amend-
ments of the House to the amendments of the
Senate to the bill of the House (li. II. No. 08)
to supply deficiencies in the appropriations for
the service of the fiscal year ending 30th June,
1856, and insist upon the amendments of the Sen-
ate to the said bill disagreed to by the House, and
ask a conference on the disagreeing votes of the
two Houses thereon.
CIRCUIT COURT IN CALIFORNIA.
Mr. H. MARSHALL. I hold in my hand a
bill which has passed the Senate, and which has
been passed upon by the Committee on the Judi-
ciary of this House, to alter and amend an act
entitled "An act to establish a cjreuit court of
the United States in, and for the State of Cali-
fornia," approved March 3, 185o. I ask the
unanimous consent of the House that the bill be
considered at this time, and put upon its passage.
I do so because the judge of that court is hern,
and is very desirous to return to California in
order to hold his court. The bill does not pro-
vide for the expenditure of a single dollar of
money. Its object is merely to regulate the time
of holding the terms of the court, and to provide
for the transfer thereto of certain cases from the
district court, which district court was deprived
of jurisdiction to try them.
The bill was read in extenso.
Mr. QUITMAN. My attention, Mr. Speak-
er, has been accidentally drawn to this bill, I
believe that it will receive the unanimous consent
of the House. The only object of pressing its
consideration now is that there are many claims
—as I am informed—separated in the district
courts. A similar bill was introduced at the last
session of Congress, but Congress had not time
to pass it. The principal object of the bill is to
transfer cases from the district courts to the circuit
courts—an addition to the former act on this sub-
ject. I think, therefore,that the bill ought to be
allowed to pass.
Mr. MATTESON. I object. It seems to me
that this bill contains too many provisions, and
that there is too much of it to be considered and
put upon its passage without reference.
The SPEAKER. It has been referred to the
Judiciary Committee.
Mr. H. MARSHALL. I hope the gentleman
from New York will withdraw his objection for
the reason that the bill has passed the Senate,
passed the Judiciary Committee of the House,
after a close examination, and meets the sanction
of the gentlemen who represent California. The
bill does not appropriate one dollar of money;
and the point stated by the gentleman from Cali-
fornia I will make more explicit by this state-
ment. In the last Congress you created the circuit
court in California, and you then reduced the
jurisdiction of the district courts to the ordinary
jurisdiction of district courts. They had there-
tofore held the powers of circuit courts, and you
did not make any provision, when you reduced
that jurisdiction, to change the jurisdiction of
the circuit court. As your Jaws now stand there
you have a district court without jurisdiction of
the cases on its own docket, and that is the cry-
ing evil which it is intended to remedy by this
bill. It does not refer to anything else except
the terms of the courts and the organization of
the judge's dockets. There is nothing in it but
that, and no one is in any way interested in it
except the people of California.
Mr. MATTESON. It seems to me, from the
remarks made by the gentleman himself, that
this bill contains too many provisions to be put
upon its passage without reference to a Committee
of the Whole. If it be in order, I move to refer
it to the Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union.
The SPEAIvER. That motion is not in order
at this time, inasmuch as the bill has not yet been
received. If the gentleman withdraws his objcc-
i tion. that motion will be in order.
Mr. MARSHALL. I move to suspend the
rule's, so that the bill may be reported.
The question was taken; and the motion was
agreed to, two thirds voting therefor. So the rules
were suspended, and the bill was reported.
Mr. MA RSHALL. I now ask that the amend-
ments tsjportcd be read.
The first amendment reported by the commit-
tee, was agreed to as follows: Second section,
line eleven, after the word ,£ district," insert
" while sitting as a circuit court."
The question was then taken on the second
amendment, as follows: "Strike out the whole
of the fifth section of the bill;" and it was agreed
to.
Mr. MARSHALL, I would just remark to
the House, that, after full discussion in the Judi-
ciary Committee, that arrangement was made m
order that the bill might not be embarrassed.
The bill was then ordered to be read a third
time, and was accordingly road the third time.
Mr. MORGAN called for the yeas and nays
on its passage. ,
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
Mr. MARSHALL moved the previous ques-
tion on the passage of the bill.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered; and under the operation
of the previous question the bill was passed,
jj Mr. MARSHALL moved to reconsider the
jj vote by which the bill was passed, and also moved
to lay the motion to reconsider on the table; which
j; latter motion was agreed to.
j> CLEVELAND CUSTOM-HOUSE.
|! Mr. WADE asked unanimous consent to offer
jj the following resolution:
j Resolved, That the Committee of the Whole on the state
j of Hip Union be di-cimrged Srom the fimbei consideration
|, ot the jomi resolution ot the House, j\o. 1^. and that the
l; HoufcC do now proceed to consider the same.
Mr. LETCHER. What does it relate to ?
Mr. WADE. It is for enlarging the custom-
house at Cleveland, Ohio.
Mr. LETCHER. Well, I object to that.
Mr. WADE moved to suspend the rules to en-
able him to introduce the resolution.
Hie title of the joint resolution was reported
as follows:
A joint resolution for enlarging .the custom-
house, post office, and court-house at Cleveland,
Ohio.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I ask to
have a letter of the Secretary of the Treasury
read.
Mr. LETCHER. I object; and call for the
yeas and nays upon the motion to suspend the
rules.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. McMULLIN. I move that the House do
now adjourn.
The motion was disagreed to.
The question then recurred on the motion to
suspend the rules; and being taken, it was decided
in the affirmative—yeas 96, nays 45; as follows:
YEAS — Me.-srs. Albright, Henry Bennett, llendley S
Bennett, Ben&on, Bilhngliui&t, Bingham, Bishop, Bliss
Bradshaw, Bicnton, Butfinton, Buihngame, Lewis D.
Campbell, Chaffee, Ezta Claik, Covode, Cok, Cragm
Cumbaek, Damrell, Heniy Wintei Davis, Timothy Davis.
Dean, Diek-on, Dodd, Eust!.-=, Evans, Flagler, Fioicncc
Thomas J. D. Fuller, Gtddiiigs,Gi!beit, Gicehvvood, IJarkyi
J. jVIojii?-on Hams, Hamson, Haven, Hoffman. Holioway
Ilughstou, Jewell, KcKey, Knapp, Knowlton, Knox, Letter*
Maer. Mafteson, MeCarty. Meaoham, Kilhan MjJIpi, Mill
waid, Morgan, Morrill, Mott, Nichols, Andrew Oliver, Par
ker, Feck,"Felton, Perry, Petfit, Pike, Pimgle, Purviance
Quitman, Ritchie, Robbms, Robi^on, tSabin, Sapp, Scott,
Seward, Simmons, Spinner, Stanton, Stranahan, Swope
Thoimgton, Todd, Trafton, Vail, Talk, Wade, YVakernan,
Walbiid^e, Waldion, Elhhu B. Washburne, Israel Wash-
burn, Watson, Welch, Wells, Whitney, Woodruff, Wood-
woith, and Zollicoffer—96.
NAYS — Messrs. Aiken, Barksdale, Boeock, Boyee,
Brancli, Broom, Burnett, Cadwalader, Cailile, Howell
Cobb. Williamson R. W. Cobb, Crawloid, Davidson, Dovv-
dell, Edmund-on. Coodc, Giow, Augustus Hall, Samp-on
W. Ham-, George W. Jones, J. Glanev Jones, Kelly, Kid-
well, Letcher, Lumpkin, Samuel S Marshall, McMuihn,
McQueen, Smith Millet. Million, Orr, Phelps, Piuvear,
Rpade, Ready, Ruffm, Sandulge, Shoiter. Sneed, Talbott,
Thurston, Tnppe, Wheeler, Darnel B. Wright, and John
V. Wright—45.
So the rules were suspended—two thirds hav-
ing voted in favor thereof; and the joint resolu-
tion was taken up for consideration.
The resolution was read.
It authorizes the extension of the building for
a custom-house, post office, and court rooms at
Cleveland not to exceed twenty-five feet, and
makes an appropriation of $30,000, or so much
thereof as may be needed for that purpose.
Mr. McMULLIN. I desire to know of the
gentleman from Ohio, if it is his purpose to have
the Committee of the Whole discharged from the
further consideration of this bill, and to have it
put upon its passage under the gag of the previ-
ous question ?
The SPEAKER. The House has ordered the
Committee of the Whole to be discharged from
| its further consideration, and it is now before the
House.
Mr. McMULLIN. I desire to be informed
by the Chair, whether this is not a violation of
the rule of the House requiring bills making
appropriations to be first considered in the Cora
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union '
The SPEAKER. The House has suspended
its rules.
Mr. WADE. I call for the previous questior
on the engrossment of the resolution.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois, demanded
tellers on the second.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Stran-ahan
and Winslow were appointed.
The question was taken; and the tellers report-
ed—ayes 72, noes 16; no quorum voting.
Mr. COBB, of Georgia. I move that the House
do now adjourn.
Mr. WASHBURNE. I desire to ask the
Chair what will be the condition of this resolu-
tion if the House now adjourns?
The SPEAKER. The House having sus-
pended its rules for the purpose of considering
the resolution, it will come up as the first business
in order.
SURVEY OF THE OHIO lilVER.
Mr. WASHBURNE. I hope the motion
i to adjourn will be withdrawn. The gentle-
; man from Pennsylvania [Mr. Knight] has been
