1856s
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
M
move to postpone the farther execution of the
order of the Senate requiring us to elect a printer
until to-morrow.
Several Senators. Say Monday.
Mr. PRATT. I will name any day that will
be agreeable to the Senate. I therefore move to
postpone the further execution of the order ofthe
Senate for the election of a printer, uhtil Monday
next. , .
Mr. CLAY called for the yeas and nays.
They were ordered; and, being taken, resulted
—yeas 24, nays 28; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Adams, Bell of New Hampshire, Bell of
Tennessee, Brown, Clayton, ColLainer, Cuttenden, Durkee,
Fessenden, Fish, Foot, Foster, Ilarlan, Houston, Jones Af
Tennessee, Peatcc, Pratt, Seward, Sumner, Thompson of
Kentucky, Toombs, Tiumbull, Wade, und Wilson—-24.
NAYS—Messrs. Alleu, Benjamin, Biggs, Biglcr, Byight.
Brodhead, Butler, Cass, Clay, Evans, Fitzpatnck, GeycrJ
Hunter, Ivcrson, johnson, Jones of Iowa, Mallory, Mason,
Pugh, Rusk, Sebastian, Shdcll, Stuart, Thomson of New
Jeisev, Toucey, Weller, Wright, and Yuiee—28.
So the motion was not agreed to.
The Senate proceeded to a third ballot; and the
votes having been collected and canvassed, the
result was announced as follows: "Whole number
of votes cast, 53; neccssary to a choice, 27; of
which—'
A. O. P. Nicholson received 25
Bevertey Tuckcr 11
  Blanehaid  7
II. M. Watter>on  4
0. H. Haul on    2
Gales & Beaton  1,
Gamaliel Bailey    1
Columbus Alexander  1
Klin.k  1
Mr. CLAY. I rise to inquire why it is we are
conducting this clcction by ballot?
Mr. MASON". The rule requires it.
Mr. CLAY. There is no such rule. There is
a rule of the Senate which requires that commit-
tees shall be elected by ballot; but I have been
unable to find any rule, and the Secretary of the
Senate, who is perhaps better informed in regard
to the rules of the Senate than any member of the
body, assures me there is no rule providing for
elections m t1\e Senate by ballot. 1 have always
been opposed to the secret ballot in elections by
the Senate, believing- it to be proper that every
representative body should elect its officers by a
viva voce vote. For this reason, and in order to
save time, I was about to propose that we should
proceed to elect viva vgce.
Mr. JONES, of Iowa. Make that motion.
Mr. CLAY. I make that motion. Itwillsave
a great deal of time, and, I think, expedite an
election.
Mr, BUTLER. I have no objection to say
how I vote, for I believe it is very well known.
Mr. CLAY. I do not presume anybody has
such an objection. j
Mr. BIT -FLER. I suppose not; but I say that, '
at this time to reverse the whole practice of the i
Senate would have the appearance of an mnova- |
tion for this temporary occasion. To this I can- j
not consent. ;
Mr. CLAYTON". Mr. President, I concur with J
the honoiable Senator ft ora South Carolina. Isee j
no reason for deviating from the rule of the Sen-
ate on this subject. Like him, too, I am per-
fectly willing that everybody shall know for
whom I vote; but I see no cause why we should
now change the rule which has governed us on all
former occasions. It has been said, and, during
the last session, with some it was a matter of dis-
cussion, that the press acts upon the Senate, and
the Senate acts upon the press  i
Mr. FITZPATRICK. If the honorable Sen- !
alor fiom Delaware will yield, I will ask my hon- j
orablc colleague to withdraw his motion. j
Mr. CLAY. I will, at the instaneo_ of my j
friends on both sides of the Chamber, withdraw
my motion; but at the same time I wish to say
that I disagree entirely with the views of my hon-
orable friends from Delaware and South Carolina.
I have always been opposed to our voting by bal-
lot in this Chamber, t am still opposed to it, and
in future I shall uniformly oppose it.
The PRESIDENT. Senators will prepare
their votes for the fourth balloting.
Mr. BAYARD. Before I vote on this occasion,
I desire to say a few words. I have heretofore
voted for Mr. Watterson, of Tennessee. Per-
sonally, I have only a slight acquaintance with
him; but I have voted for him on principle. 1
have voted for him because I desire to do now
what I attempted to.eflfect at the last session, and
shall attempt again at the present session—to dis-
connect the public press from all control on the
part of Congress or the Executive. I find, how-
ever, that it cannot be done. I am not disposed,
therefore, to prolong the struggle; and I mean
now, as I have ho personal feeling about this mat-
ter, as a change of a ballot may end the contest,
to vote with the majority of tnose with whose
opinions in other respects I coincide. My sole
object has been to disconnect the press from the
Government; but I perceive that it cannot be
attained now, though I hope it will be hereafter.
Mr. PRATT. Mr. President, £ have hereto-
fore voted, during the last and the present Con-
gress, for the present printer of the Senate; and 1
should do so again with great pleasure, if I thought
there was a possibility of his clcction; but I find
that those with whom I was associated at the last
Congress, have abandoned him, and are now
voting differently from myself. I find also that,
by continuing to vote for him, I shall be thrown
with gentlemen with whom I have no desire to
associate politically, although, upon some occa-
sions, I might luive great pleasure in associating
with them personally. I shall, theiefore, change
my vote, in order to end this conflict.
Mr. BROWN. I have notvotedat all, except
to cast a blank ballot. I have reasons for not
voting for Mr. Nicholson. I did not participate
in the deliberations of the caucus which gave him
the nomination. I have said all along that I
could not vote for him, and I mean to adhere to
my determination; but if, by not voting at all on
this ballot, I can aid in an election, I shall pursue
that course.
The votes having been collected and canvassed,
the result of the fourth ballot was announced as
follows: Whole number of votes, 54; necessary
to a choice, 28; of which—
A. C). P. Nicholson leeeived 29
Bevoiley Tucket  .10
11. M. Watterson    4
 BKincluitd 4
Gales & Seaion   2
(J. It. llaydei) 2
Columbus Alexandei      1
Cornelius Wendell   1
Blank *  1
The PRESIDENT. Mr. Nicholson having
received a majority of all the votes given, is
elected printer for the Senate during the Thirty-
Fourth Congress.
COAST DEFENSES.
Mr. CLAY submitted thfc following resolution;
which was considered by unanimous consent,
and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Secretary of War he requested to
intbini the Senate v, hnt, in lu< opinion, h necc^at}- to com-
plete the defence* of the eua.-t from .Mobile to New Orleans
inclusive.
PRESIDENTIAL MESSAGES.
Several messages were received from the Presi-
dent of the United Suites, by the hands of Mr.
Sidney Webster, his Secretary.
ADJOURNMENT TO MONDAY.
On motion by Mr. STUART, it was
OrdeiaU Tb;tt when tlic Senate adjourns to-day,-it be to
meet on Monday next.
CLAYTON-BUXWER TREATY.
The Senate proceeded to the consideration of
the special order—the motion to refer to the Com-
mittee on Foreign Relations the letter of Lord
John Russell, which was communicated by the
President of the United States ill answer to a
resolution of tho Sup.ite.
Air. SEWARD addressed the Senate on the
subject of C'-ntral American aiTuirs. Pie re-
viewed the history and geographical relations of
that territory at the mouth of the river San Juan,
known as the Mosquito territory, and conjured
the Senate to hold fast to the Clayton and Bulwer
treaty, and to insist that Great Britain shall cease
to violate its stipulations.
Pie took the ground, that the positions which
had been assumed by the President were correct,
and ought to be maintained by the country—no
matter at what cost. We could not, he said, re-
cede without national dishonor, and that was not
to be thought of. The language of the treaty was
too plain to be misunderstood, and the British
Government had resorted to miserable perversions,
in order to evade its requirements. [The speech
will be found in the Appendix.]
Mr. FOOT. I desire to
marks upon this question to tile Senate, but will
entirely defer to the pleasure, Of. the Senate m to
whether I shallproceed to-dav dr not-.
Mr. MASONS If the Senator,Will give w&ffi
I will move to postpone th$ further consideration'
of the subject until filonda;^, arid tlieri aajf for e®
executive session. .
Mr. FOOT. Let it be made the special order"
for Monday. . .
Mr. MASON. I make that motion.'
Tire motion was agreed to.
Executive session.
On motion by Mr. MASON,, the Senate, pro-
ceeded to the consideration of executive business;
and after, some time spent therein, the dews were
reopened, and the Senate adjourned to Monday.
HOUSE OP representatives.
Thursday, January 31,1856.
The House was called to order by the Clerk
at twelve o'clock, m. Prayer by Rev. George
Hildt.
The J ournal of yesterday was read and approved.
ORGANIZATION OF THE HOUSE.
Mr. COX. I desire to offer a proposition t<*
the House. I will not go into an explanation of
the resolution which I propose to, ofteiy as, li
speaks for itself. I shall not und^r.tctke to r$ppft£
the political principles which. I h$ve ^heretofore
expressed, but will simply say that I o((ejr
resolution in good faith, and trust it may bo"
adopted. , .
Mr. FLORENCE. I move that there be a
call of the House.
The resolution was then read, as follows:
Whereas, the House of Kepiesentattves of the Tfnrtyr
Fourth Congress has failed heretofore tQ elect a Speaker,'
and oigamzo for the tiansaction of legislative business,
and this faihue to oigamze has resulted from a tenacious
adherence of the lacinbetsnof the IIouso to the candidate
for Speaker nominated by a caucus of their respective
parties in the ilotwe. And whereas the members who
suppoit tins resolution exptoss the anxious desire to organ-
ize the nou.-'c, and proceed to the discharge of their.duties
as Representatives of the people; that they aie willing to
make any sacri/iee, t-ave liiat of principle, to effect that
object; ami being .-aii-tied that some concessions are ncocs-
sasy in the present state of puty teeling, now declare, that,
without conceding any pnnciples which they have advo-
cated in or out of the Iiou^e of Representatives, and (ieT
daring fmther, that they are willing, in the tiue spirit 'of
pauiotisan, to waive some of their political, principles in the'
choice of a Speaker, reserving to themselves .the right to
mnst upon the piactieal execution of their principles here*
after, in the legislation of Congress, provided they cam
efteet the organization of the House by the election of a
man to tlie speakership who, in their opinion, will mainr
tain the Constitution and its guarantees, in the exeici^e of
the power confened upon him in that position, now agree
to make a patriotic effort to elect a Speaker.
Rcsolvcl therefore, That all who bupport this resolution,
ami without the hope or expectation of advantage to their
views or peisonal ambition m the construction of the com-
mittees oi the flou-jo, will, on the first vote for Speaker,"
alter thi* i evolution shall have been adopted, ca* t their
votes for the Hon. James L. Orr, of South Carolina; and
if lie should not bo elected on said ballot, that on the next
ballot they will cast their votes for the Hon. Henr,y M.
Fur.LEii, of Pennsylvania, for Speaker, inviting all the.
members who do not agree with them in this resolution to
cooperate with them under the reservations heroin con-
tained for those who vote for the adoption of this resolu-
tion.
Mr. COX. I demand the previous question on
the resolution, and the yeas and nays upon its
adoption.
PERSONAL EXPLANATION^.
Mr. WALKER. I ask the gentleman to with-
draw the demand, to enable me to make a per-
sonal explanation.
The CLERK. The gentleman from Pennsyl-
vania [Mr. Florence] made a motion for a call
of the House.
Mr. FLORENCE. The explanation" of the
gentleman from Alabama will accomplish the
same purpo^o. I will withdraw the motion.
Mr. WALKER. I desire to occupy the time
of the House for a very few minute's, "before the
vote is taken upon the proposition of the gentle-
man from Kentucky, in a personal explanation.
The CLERK. The gentleman will proceed if
there is no objection.
Mr. WALKER requested the gentleman from
Kentucky [Mr. Cox] not to press his preamble
and resolution for the present, as he wished to
say a few words in the way of personal expla-
nations.
Mr. COX assenting, and.there being no objec-
tion,
/
