1924
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
August 5,
Agriculture, reported a bill establishing; an agri-
cultural department of the Government; which
was laid on the table, and ordered to be printed.
DELAWARE BREAKWATER.
Mr. TYSON, from the Committee on Com-
merce, reported back Senate bill (No. 94) making
an appropriation for the improvement of the Del-
aware breakwater; which was referred to the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union, and ordered to be printed.
AMERICAN MEDICAL ASSOCIATION.
Mr. CHAFFEE, by unanimous consent, pre-
sented a memorial from the American Medical
Association, asking for an investigation of the
etiology and pathology of cholera; which was
referred to the Committee on Military Affairs.
The question was upon the motion to go into
Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union.
Mr. DICK. I wish to inquire whether it is
the understanding that the business of the Dis-
trict of Columbia is to come up on Saturday ?
The SPEAKER. There is no order of the
House to that effect.
Mr. DICK. I ask the consent of the House
to make that order now.
Mrt HOUSTON. I object. I want that all
the District business that is to be done, shall bo
done to-day.
ORGANIZATION OF THE ARMY.
Mr. FAULKNER, by unanimous consent, in-
troduced a bill for the better organization of the
Army, and for other purposes; which was read j
a firjst and second time, and referred to the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs.
Mr. COBB, of Alabama. I demand the regular
order of business.
Mr* HOUSTON. I move that there be a call
of the House.
The motion Was not agreed to.
PORT JEFFERSON, NRW YORK.
Mr. PELTON, by unanimous consent, reported
from the Committee on Commerce a bill making
an appropriation for a resurvey of the harbor ot'
Port Jefferson, New York; which was read a first
and second time, referred to the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union, and ordered to
be printed.
Mr. SANDUJGE. I ask leave to introduce a
bill for reference only.
Mr. GOODE. 1 rise to a privileged question.
The House made an order setting apart this day
for the consideration of District business. The
Coiftmittre for the District of Columbia have
reported several hills, some of which have been
disposed of finally, and others have been referied
to the Committee of the Whole on tin; state of the
Union. 1 now rise to move that the House
resolve itself into the Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union for the purpose of consid-
ering bills relating to the District of Columbia.
The SPEAKER. The motion that the House
resolve itself into the Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union is pending; and it will be
for the Chairman of the committee to decide what
business tins precedence there.
Mr. GOODE. f move, then, that the Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union be
insttucted, when it resumes its session to-day,
to take up and consider bills concerning the Dis-
trict of Columbia.
The SPEAKER. The motion can only be
enteiuiined by unanimous consent.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio. I object.
Mr. BARBOUR. I ask leave to make a report
from tine Committee on the Judiciary.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I insist on my motion that
the rules be suspended,and that the House resolve
itself into the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union.
Mr. FLORENCE. I move that the House do
no# adjourn. There is no quorum present, and
I do nut care to have the Inrge appropriation bills
considered with so thm a House.
Mr. CAMPBELL. Let us see whether a quo-
rum l^ present. If the gentleman will withdraw
the motion to adjourn, I will call for the yeas and 1
nays on the motion to go into committee. i
Mr. FLORENCE. I withdraw the motion to I
adjourn. i
Mr. CAMPBELL. I call for the yeas and nays
on the motion to go into the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union. Let us see
who it is that leaves the House without a quorum
at three o'clock, when we are so near the close of
the session, and there is so much business to be
done.
Mr. McMULLIN. I am willing to go into
committee, but not to consider the appropriation
bills.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken on Mr. Campbell's
motion; and it was decided in the affirmative—
yeas 134, nays 16; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Aiken, Allison, Ball, Henry Bennett,
Benson, Bishop, Bliss, Biailshaw, Branch, Bnmton, Bjooin,
Buifmton, Cadwalader, James H. Campbell, John P. Camp-
bell, Lewi«> D. Campbell, Carhle, Cliatfeo, Ezra Clark,
dawson, Williamson it. W. Cobb, Colfax, Coming, Co-
vodc, Ctagui, Oiaw'oid, Dainrell, Henry Winter David,
Day, Dean, Dick, DodcL Lmrfee, Elliott. Emue. English,
Etheridge, Faulkner, Flakier, Florence, Foster, Giddmgs,
Guode, Gianswer, Greenwood, Giow, rfamp^on W. Hams,
Ilaven, Hickman, Uollowav, Thomas R. Hoifnn, Valen-
tine B. Horton, Houston, Howard, GeorceW. Jone*, J.
Glancy Jones, Kelly, Kclsey, Kennett, Kidwell, Km:r,
Knapp,Kmght, Knowlton, Knox, Kunkcl, Leitwr, Lmdloy,
Lumpkin, Humplncy Maisliall, Matteson, McCarty, >lc-
Mullin, Moacham, Kilhan Miller, MilKon, Milhvard,
Moore, Morgan, Morrill, Mou, Munay, Nichols. Nouon,
Andrew Oliver, Orr. Parker, Pclton, l'enuui'rton, X'eiry,
Phelps, Pringlc, Piuvnmee, Pmjear, Ready, lUtelne, lliv-
ers, Robbing KiUfin, tfab-n, Sandid^e, £app, Sherman,
Shorter, Simmons*, William Smith, Spinner. Stanton, Stew-
art, Tappan, Thonnjzton, Tlmr>ton. Todd, Traiton, Trtppe,
Tyson, Valk, Wade, Walbiid^e, Walker, W.irnei, Cadwal-
iulei C. Washbume, Rllihu II. Washburne, t>utel Wash-
burn. Watkm", Watson, Welch, Whitney, William*,
Wmslovv, Wood, Woodrall', Woodwoith, and John V.
Wright—13-1.
NAY??— Me^r^. Barbom, Uondlry Bennett, Bowie,
C;uu!hcrs. Cumback. Timothy Davis, L'miii, llar-
l;m, Thoma-'li. Il;uih, Alewmdei K Mat-iuil!, Quitman,
Uu-t, Sliced, Daniel B. Wo^ht, «uid Zollieulk'i—JG.
So the motion was agreed to.
LEGISLATIVE, EXECUTIVE, AND JUDICIAL
APPROPRIATION BILL.
The House accordingly resolved itself into the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the CJmon,
(Mr. Havev m the chair.)
The CHAIRMAN stated that the question under
consideration, was a bill making appropriations
for the legislative, executive, anil juuieial ex-
penses of the Government, for the year ending
the 30th of June, 1357.
Mr. GOODR. Mr. Chairman,! wish to bring
to the attention of the Chairman of the committee,
the fact, that this House made a special order
some days since, setting apart this day for the
transaction of business concerning the District of
Columbia. It entered on that business. Some
portion of it was of a character to be carried be-
fore this committee. I ask the Chairman whether
he will not feel it to be proper to take up such bills
referred to this committee, as pertain to the Dis-
trict of Columbia, in so much as the House made
such business the special order of this day. I
beg the chairman and the committee to do what
1 ask, for this is the only day of all the remaining
days of the session, to be appropuatod to the
consideration of the District business.
Mr. CAMPBELL. Is the question debata-
ble ?
The CHAIRMAN. It is not.
Mr. GOODE. All I had to say further was,
that every other day except this is to be devoted
to the general appropriation bills.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair will state its
opinion of the point of order submitted by the
gentleman from Virginia. The appropriation
bills, of which the one under consideration is one,
were long since made the special order for every
day except Fiiday and Saturday. If this special
order, and the one referred to by the gentleman,
were made at the same time, they would stand
on the same footing. This special order in refer-
ence to the appropriation bills having been first
made, and the committee having entered on the
consideration of the bill for legislative, executive,
and judicial expenses of the Government, the
Chairis of the opinion it takes precedence of the
one referred to by the gentleman.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. The House some
timo ago made a special order setting aside Tues-
day, Wednesday, and Thursday, of each week,
for th/e consideration of the appropriation bills,
until disposed of; and subsequently the House
unanimously set apart tins day for the consider-
ation of the business relating to the District of
Columbia, with the knowledge that the other
bills were special orders in the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio. I object to this
debate.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair would state
that suggestions are always well, especially when
a new hand is in the chair. The Chair is of
opinion that the only special order, the execution
of which can be entered upon, is the special
order the execution of which has heretofore been
entered upon in the committee—and that is the
special order relating to the appropriation bills.
Mr. HOUSTON. I wish to ask the Chair
whether there is not a difference between the spe-
cial order in reference to the appropriation bills,
and a special order of the House by which a day
is taken out of that time, and appropriated to a
particular class of business ?
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair understands
that both of them are special orders of the House,
i and the committee is acting m reference to those
j things under the order of the House—no matter
j whether made by a majority only, or by unani-
: mous consent: it is nothing but an order of the
I House.
| Mr. HOUSTON. The Chair does not seem to
j understand my point of order. It is this: whether
there is not a difference between the two orders?
Mr. FAULKNER. 1 call the gentleman to
order.
Mr. HOUSTON. I have a right to ask a
question of the Chair; and if the gentleman will
hear my point, he will see that I am strictly in
order. This is the point.
Mr. STANTON. 1 call the gentleman to
order.
Mr. HOUSTON. I am making a point of
oider, and am asking a question of the Chair.
| The CHAIRMAN. The Chair will hear the
j point.
j Mr. HOUSTON. I know the Chair will hear
j it. 1 propose to present this point, whether there
I is not a difference between the two orders made
i by the House—the one making the appropriation
| bills special orders from day to day, and the other
j eai ving out one day from those days so set aside,
, and assigning that day for the consideration of
| special business? It seems to me there is some
! difference between the two orders.
| Mr. STANTON. I now call the gentleman
to order. He is arguing his point, and not stat-
ing it.
Mr. HOUSTON. I am making a point of
order, and not debating it.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair is of the opin-
ion he expressed in the first instance, that al-
though there maybe a difference in the phraseol-
ogy of the orders, yet tl^e oldest order, and the
one the execution of which has been entered
upon, takes precedence.
Mr. WHITNEY. I wish to call the attention
of the committee, before it proceeds fuither, to a
motion made yesterday by my colleague, [Mr.
Kelly,] and ruled out of order, under a misap-
prehension, I think. It was a motion made by
my colleague to change the appropriation for the
assay office in New York from $19,000 to §25,000.
I believe the committee will see the propriety of
adopting: that amendment.
Mr. RITCHIE. I rise to a point of order.
That part of the bill has been passed over, and
we cannot go back to it.
The CHAIRMAN. It cannot be done except
by unanimous consent.
Mr. WHITNEY. I ask unanimous consent.
Mr. RITCHIE. I object.
The Clerk then proceeded to read the bill, com-
mencing where the committee left off yesterday.
The following clauses being under considera-
tion:
Kansas Territory —For salaries of Governor, tin ee judges,
and secretaiy, {jtlOjSOD.
For contingent expenses of ^aid Territory, $1,000.
For compensation and mileage of the member.? of the
Legislative Assembly, officers, cleiks, and contingent ex-
pense* of the Assembly, .$90,000—
Mr. GROW moved to amend by striking out
all after the word " Governor," and inserting in
lieu thereof, 44 ^2,500."
Mr. G. said: This House, some time since,
appointed a committee to go to Kansas, with full
authority to investigate the elections held in that
Territory, and report the evidence so taken to
the House. That has been done; and your com-
