1856.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1051
I have Ions; since come to the conclusion that
this whole book-making business by Congress is
wrong—wrong in every sense of the word. I go
further than the Senator from Louisiana. I do
not believe that, even by a joint resolution of the
two Houses, we have a right to publish these
books. "VVhv, sir, what do you do ? You take
money from a common Treasury, appropriate it
to printing books, and then those books are given
away to the private and particular friends of indi-
vidual Senators. Here is a proposition to print ten
thousand volumes of this book. I believe we
have now about two million five hundred thousand
voters in the United States. The distribution of
these volumes, then, will give one volume to each
two hundred and fifty voters in the United States.
One will receive the book and the remaining two
hundred and forty-nine get nothing, though they
contribute their proportion to the expenses of the
publication.
This, sir, is an abuse. It has been carried to
an enormous extent, and it is high time that it
should be arrested. I am glad that at last we
have reached a point where we can commence
reform on this subject. Let us stop short in the
whole book-making business. It is ruining indi-
vidual Senators, as well as depleting the Treas-
ury. When I came here this winter I found in
my committee room twenty-five hundred vol-
umes of books; I could scarcely get into the com-
mittee room. They have been accumulating there
the whole session, and I-have not got rid of them;
yet, of my sixty thousand constituents, I have
not been able to supply more than one in every
fifteen or twenty with a volume. Instead of being
an advantage tome in a political point of view, it
is an absolute disadvantage. In no sense of the
word is it justifiable. I trust, therefore, that here
at this point we shall commence reformation*, and
I return my thanks to the honorable .Senator from
Virginia for having raised the question.
Mr. BAYARD. Until a resolution was pro-
posed some days ago by the honorable Sen-
ator from Louisiana, to which he has alluded, my
attention was not turned to the question of con-
stitutional power; but I am free to admit that I
concur entirely m his views on that point. I can-
not see under what provision of the Constitution,
without gross abuse of the fund which is intrusted
to us as a contingent fund, we can use the money
so appropriated "by Congress for any other pur-
pose than the legitimate uses of the Senate—
such as the printing of documents necessary for
our own information to guide us in legislation.
Although I am opposed to the genera] system
(which I think has gone too far) of printing doc-
uments for distribution, yet, whenever a proper
case is made out, when the work proposed to be
printed is of a character winch the intel est of the
country, in oui judgment, requires should be dis-
seminated in that mode, and contains information
^ which could not probably be disseminated in any
other mode, I should have no objection to prmt-
ing, by virtue of a joint resolution, a certain num-
ber of copies for distribution by the Senate and
House of Representatives That would be legis-
lation within the terms of the Constitution.
But this resolution, as I read it, proposes to
print documents by order of the Senate of the
United States, for the purpose of distribution. It
is called ten thousand extra copies "for the use
of the Senate;" but it is well understood that it is
for the purpose of distribution, beyond the usual
number which is requisite for our own uses.
This I do not conceive to be within the limits of
our power, adhering to the true intent of the Con-
stitution. If n joint resolution should be proposed,
ordering the printing of ten thousand copies for
distribution by the Senate, and as many as Con-
gress see fit for distribution by the House, that
would be a different question. If such a propo-
sition were presented, placing the measure on its
true ground—that of distribution—it could be
justified, if the work were of such a character as
to authorise the passage of that law. I give no
opinion now as to whether I should vote for it or
not. for I know nothing of the merits of the work.
"When the question conies from the Committee
on Printing under such a resolution, it would
afford a very good ground for investigation; but
as this resolution stands, I consider it extra-con-
stitutional to make such an order. In this, ana
in every other case hereafter, I shall feel com-
pelled t<> Vtftfc against the publication j by aiiorusr
of the Senate alone, of any documents other than
the usual number.
Mr. HALE. I shall vote in favor of this
amendment, for I have always been against this
practice; though I should prefer to have some
other book made the occasion for testing this
question. I desire, however, to obtain some
explanations in regard to the remarks of the
Senator from Louisiana and the Senator from
Delaware.
I cannot see, any more than the Senator from
Louisiana, any grant of power in the Constitu-
tion to enable the Senate to vote this money; but
I can see just as clearly written there, that the
Senate has power to do it, as that the two Houses
have the power. It is just as naked of authority
in the one case as in the other; and I do not see
how it is to be mended by putting the proposi-
tion in the shape of a joint resolution.
I am a little astonished, too, at this new light
shining in upon us so beautifully this morning,
when we have been in the dark so long. We
have ordered the printing of ten thousand extra
copies of the President's message—not for the
use of the Senate certainly, but for distribution
amongst the people. We have ordered to be
printed, I do not know how many thousand copies
of the Patent Office report—certainly not for
own information, but for distribution amongst
the people. We have been doing this with an
increasing ratio ever since I have known any-
thing about the Senate; and I believe that I have
fought almost alone—with one or two exceptions,
whom I see—against this practice. I have uni-
formly voted against these propositions when-
ever the question has been raised on printing
! extra numbers of the Patent Office report, or
extra, numbers of any other documents; and I
shall be compelled to vole against this proposi-
tion, though I confess that I do it with great
reluctance, because I have an acquaintance with
the gentleman whose report it is; and I should
be glad, if I could, to vote for it.
But, sir, I protest against making this invidious
distinction, and saying that the difficulty can be
avoided by putting the proposition in the shape
of a joint resolution. I should be obliged to those
whose keen optics cannot discover the authority
| for a resolution of either House to buy or publish
books for distribution, if they would put their
finger on the place in the Constitution winch con-
fers the power on the two Houses. I think, sir,
each will be found on a blank leaf. There is just
as much power in the one case as in the other.
I am glad that this reform is to be inaugurated,
but I do not wish it to be a half or a quarter re-
form. Let it be general and total. 1 shall be glad
to see it applied to the printing of the ten thou-
sand extra copies of the President's message. the
one hundred thousand copies of the Patent Office
report, and to all those public documents which
are printed, not for the use of the Senate, but for
distribution amongst the people. It strikes me
that, if the objection be a constitutional one, it
applies to the whole of them. I shall vote against
this, and I shall vote against the others.
Mr. BAYARD. I may be wrong; the Senator
from New Hampshire may be perfectly right.
There is nothing so common, however, as that a
constitutional objection should not be perceived
until the progress of an abuse becomes so great
that we are led to a more minute investigation of
the power. 1 think that occurs m the present case.
The system of book-making has been carried so
far by the order of the separate Houses of Con-
gress, that it has "grown into an abuse, which has
, led to an investigation of the authority on the part
of my honorable friend from Louisiana, and I
think he has arrived at the true conclusion.
Now, sir, for the distinction: Neither House
of Congress of its own act, under the Constitu-
tion of'the United States, can make appropri-
ations of the public money; they must be made
by a law passed by Congress with the approval
of the Executive. I presume that will be con-
ceded by the honorable Senator from New Hamp-
shire. Congress does make an annual appropri-
ation for the contingent expenses of each House;
but unless you mean to abuse the appropriation
in a manner in which you would not sufier an
administrative officer to abuse it, you cannot
make that appropriation except for the direct
purposes of the House for whose service it is
appropriated a2 a contingent fund* Therefore> I
hold that neither body has the right to divert the
contingent fund for the purpose of printing books
for_ general distribution, which must be by the
action of Congress as a legitimate subject for
general legislation.
Then, sir, as to the authority of Congress to
do this. I think it is very plain that they If&ve
that authority if they chose to pass a law for the
purpose. Congress undoubtedly has, as any
other government would have, the right to collect
such information as is necessary for the proper
performance of its functions as a Government,
whether in the shape of statistical returns con-
nected with the census, or the enumeration of the
population, or an investigation of the unexplored
territory of the Union, a knowledge of which we
must have in order properly to legislate in refer-
ence to it. We have a right to collect that in-
formation beyond all question. Have we not,
as incidental to the power of appropriation gen-
erally of the funds of the Government, a right to
diffuse the information so collected, if, in the judg-
ment of Congress—the legislative power —it is
expedient to do so? Have we not the right to
disseminate it among our constituents?
Sir, 1 hold the power to be clearly in both
branches of Congress, to be exercised by the pas-
sage of a law with the approval of the Executive.
We may collect information which we deem
useful, for the purposes of legislation, and which
will tend to enlighten the minds of our constitu-
ents—information which we deem ought to be
thrown before them in greater or less quantity.
Then, we have, as a Government, the legitimate
power to make an appropriation directing, not
only the printing and publication, but the mode
of thstnbution of the works so printed. Enter-
taining these opinions, I cannot doubt the power
of Congress; but 1 do doubt, indeed I feel per-
fectly clear in denying, the right of either branch
separately to exercise such power as this resolu-
tion implies.
The yeas and nays being taken upon the
amendment proposed by Mr. Hunter, resulted—
yeas 35, nays 5; as follows:
YEAS — Me-srs. Adams, Allen, Bayard, Bell of New
Hamp:lnre. Deli of Tennessee, Benjamin, Biggs, Bright,
Brown, Butler. Cass, Clay, Colininer, Cnttenden, Durkee,
Evans, Fool, Hale, fhimlm,Hunter, fver&oii, Jame<, Jones
of Tennessee, JVJalJojy, Puzti, Siuioil, Stuart, Tooinhs,
Trumbull, Wad«, Waller, WiKon, Wughf,and Yulee—34.
NAYS — Motors. Fitzpatnek, Foster, Johnson, Seward,
and Sumner—f).
So the amendment was agreed to. The reso-
lution, as amended, was adopted.
NEW FORTIFICATIONS.
Mr. WELLER. I move that the Senate now
take up the bill (S. No. 330) making appropria-
tion for certain new fortifications. I shall not
ask that a vote be taken on it to-day; but I move
that the Senate take it up, with a view to enable
the Senator from Maine [Mr. Hamlin] to pro-
pose an amendment, and then, if the Senate
choose, they may pass the bill over. He wishes
to offer this amendment before leaving the city.
Mr. HUNTER. I shall not object to taking
up the bill to enable the Senator to pffer an
amendment, if it is then to be passed over; but I
am not prepared to vote on it to-day.
Mr. WELLER. If the Senate are not pre-
pared to vote, it can be passed over.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate
resumed, as in Committee of the Whole, the
consideration of the bill. On Thursday, March
6, when the bill was last under consideration, the
pending amendment was:
For defenses lor New Bedford and Fair Haven, Massa-
'chu&etts, $150,000.
Mr. WELLER. The pending amendment
was moved on the recommendation of the Secre-
tary of War. I have h's letter recommending
those works, and therefore I was authorized to
present it. It may be acted on now m order to
allow the Senator from Maine to present his
amendment.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HAMLIN. I desire to submit the follow-
ing amendment:
For fortifications at the entrance of Kennebec river,
Maine, §100.000.
Mr. HUNTER. I understand that the bill is
now to go over.
Mr. HAMLIN. I wish the question to be
taken on thut amendment*
