185#.}
APPSIfDnC TO THE '©CHKJRESSIWAL ©UXBS.
ai§
34th Cong.... 1st Skss.
Naval Retiring Board—Mr. Slidell.
Senate.
The Secretary read it as follows :
989 Sfkbcb Street, Philadelphia,
Tuesday Niobt, February 12,1856.
Dear Sir: I transmit herewith a communication signed
" E,*' which appears in the New York Herald of this date.
I presume that I am the " Mr. P." alluded to in it; but as
Porter and Perry, (both sons of commodores,) were retired
by the late naval board, I am not certain that I am, and
therefore, cannot reply to it through the press.
Should my presumption prove correct, however, when
E.'s article " with the blanks filled up," is read in the Sen-
ate, I desire that, in justice lo Commodore Perry, you wiU
■take knowd the contents of his epistle to me which I in-
close,
Rcspeetftilly, FOXHALL A. PARKER, Jr.
Bon. S. R. Mallort, United States Senator.
Mr. SLIDELL. Here is the original letter of
Commodore Perry inclosed in that note; and if it
does not convict Mr. Bartlett of palpable false-
hood, I shall abandon that part of the case at least:
New York, November 16,1855.
My bear Sir : I have received your communication of
(fcellth instant, and though sympathizing most deeply with
you and others who have been injuriously affected by the
action of the late navy board, I feel myself constrained to
reply as I have to all similar applications, that an implied
obligation of confidence deters me from giving the informa-
tion asked for.
Trusting there will soon be some suitable way provided,
by which all interested may obtain all the information and
explanation they desire,
I am, sir, your obedient servant, M. C. PERRY.
Lieutenant Foxhall A. Parker, United States Navy, 289
Spruce Street, Philadelphia.
Mr. SLIDELL. I ask to have the last para-
graph of that letter again read.
The Secretary read it, as follows:
" Trusting there will soon be some suitahle way provided
by which all interested may obtain all the information and
explanation they desire,
" I am, sir, your obedient servant, M< C. PERSY."
Mr. SLIDELL. This is Mr. Bartlett's version;
and he said he read the letter, and pretends to give
a copy: j
" I have also seen a letter, in Commodore Perry's hand-
writing, to Mr. Parker, son of Commodore Parker, late a
lieutenant, in which Commodore Petry compliments him,
and the* adds
—It will be observed the commodore does not
compliment him at all—
" I hope the day will soon come when the monstrous
Injustice which baa been done to you and others will be !
corrected." j
I will venture to say that this is in keeping with !
the complaints of nineteen twentieths of the
dropped officers, and that their statements in
derogation of the character, conduct, and motives
of the naval board are equally unfounded.
One word more in reference to the subject of
■the resolution of my friend from Georgia. If it
should receive the sanction of the Senate after due
deliberation, (because the Senate cannot now be
taken by surprise,) I shall consider it as a direct
eensure, and a vote of a want of confidence in
the Committee on Naval Affairs. For myself—
and I think I speak the sentiment of every mem-
ber of that committee—I should be unwilling to
hold any position on it when such a feeling had
been avowed on the part of the Senate. To such !
an expression of its will I shall be prepared '
cheerfully to defer, and so I believe will all my
colleagues. j j
There is another objection to this resolution. [
The effect will be virtually to put the officers of !
the naval board on trial. They were selected by
the Secretary of the Navy for their supposed
superior fitness, their accomplishments, their high i
Standing and character in the Navy, to make a I
report to the President, through the Secretary of
the Navy, of their opinion of the efficiency of j
individual officers. They were not judges—I do ,
not know what to call them—they were coun- I
*elors, experts, or jurors, call them what you ji
frfease, not to decide definitely as to the course
.which should be pursued in regard to any partic-
ular class, of officers or individuals in the service, 1
•but. generally to give their advice to the Execu-
tive, in order that heraight act understanding^
•in carrying out the objects of the law. You are
now to put them on trial—for having donewliat?
JPor having performed a duty which «ione of them
•ought, and which I believe every one of them
4esired to avoid. There may be an exception; j
but I am acquainted, with many of the members i
of the board, and I know that they approached j
this duty most unwillingly. So far as Comma-
dore Perry is concerned, I Km my positively, !
that he made the most strenuous objection to
being placed on it. He informed the Secretary
that there were provisions in the law of which he
did not approve. The Secretary attached a very
| high estimate to the character and reputation of
i Commodore Perry. Knowing his standing, not
; only with his peers, but before the country, he
! thought there would be a great advantage in hav-
ing a man of his distinguished position and char-
acter on the board. Commodore Perry made
every proper effort to escape from this unpleasant
duty, butMr. Dobbin was inexorable, and replied,
" I want your services, and caanot dispense with
them."
The opponents of the action of the board eu-
logize the conduct of certain officers when it suits
their purposes, and, pn the qther hand, repudiate
them when their opinions may not be in accord-
ance with their own. Commodore Perry is cited
as conclusive evidence of the incorrectness of
the action of the board, and of the injustice of its
Mr. IVERSON. Will the gentleman allow
me to interrupt him for a moment ?
Mr. SLIDELL. Certainly.
Mr. IVERSOJV. Somany statements are made
that 1 cannot vouch for their truth; but I have
no doubt of the fact, as I have been informed,
that Commodore Perry protested against the ac-
tion of the board before the Secretary of the
Navy. I call on the gentleman, as he seems so
familiar with Commodore Perry's action, to say
if that is not so ?
. Mr. SLIDELL. I will state to the Senator
very frankly what I know on that subject. Com-
modore Perry took his place on that board very
reluctantly. He did not approve of the spirit or
! policy of the law; and I presume in many in-
i stances he was in the minority in regard to its
action. I do not hesitate to say that Commodore
! Perry thinks the finding of the board was unne-
cessarily severe and harsh in individual instances;
but if his testimony is to be invoked in order to
impugn the action of the board, I presume the
Senator from Georgia will at least not refuse to
give it due weight when it bears upon the other
, side of the case. Now, it so chances, that out
I of twohundred and one officers retired or dropped
j the action of the bo$rd was unanimous in one
I hundred and fifty. Therefore, you have Com-
modore Perry's testimony, taking it for what it
may be worth, to the correctness of the action
of the board in three fourths of the whole number
of Gases.
I wish to state, however, and beg to be under-
stood, that I am not intruding at all Commodore
Perry's actions or opinions, or what he may
have said or done, on the attention of the Senate;
but when such a charge was made I thought it
involved, to a certain extent, the character of
Commodore Perry. He is said to have denounced
as atrocities and monstrosities the aetion of the
board with whom he sat—fourteen fellow-officers
—during the period of thirty-five days, unreserv-
edly and indiscriminately. This, I think, is an
attack on Commodore Perry; but,as I said before,
with a man so utterly worthless and degraded as
Lieutenant Bartlett, I do not choose to raise an
issue of veracity between him and Commodore
Perry, except in so far as I can sustain it by the
record and by written evidence.
I shall avail myself of this opportunity to give
my views upon the efficiency bill, and the manner
in which it has. been executed.
There are circumstances of a personal nature,
understood by several Senators* that would have
induced me to abstain from taking any part in
this discussion, and to have confine the expres-
sion of my concurrence in the report of the Naval
Committee, so far as it sustains the proceedings
of the reform board, to a simple affirmative vote.
But from my position as-a member of that com-
mittee, silence might naturally be construed as
implying a doubt of the correctness of the action
of the Executive in confirming teh finding of the
board, or indifference to the great object of the
act of the last session, the promotion of the effi-
ciency of the Navy. 1 voted, after due considera-
tion, for that bill. I approved it then; I approve
it now. I think that, the selection of the board
whjch it directed to be convened- under the orders
of. the Secretary was-eroipewly judicious that
the proper construction has been given to the law
by the Secretary, and by the officers whom he
designated to take the initiatory steps for carrying
it into effect; that the task imposed upon them,
painful and ungracious as all acknowledge it to
be, was conscientiously and impartially dis-
charged; that the careful examination into indi-
vidual efficiency, required by the law, has been
made; that in their proceedings justice has been
tempered by mercy; that the report made by them
to the Secretary of the Navy properly received
his sanction; and that the final action of the Pres-
ident, in giving his approval to the finding of the
board, was correct. I will endeavor, briefly, to
; sustain each of these propositions. -
j i To appreciate the motives that actuated Congress
! in passing the law of 28th of February, 1855, it is
!! necessary to recur to what was then universally ad-
i mitted to be the condition of the personnel of the
Navy, and to the evils it was intended to remedy.
A system of advancement by seniority, when
i merit or worthlessness, the highest professional
skill and competency, or the most glaring inca-
pacity, elevated moral qualities, or debasing vices,
neither accelerated norretarded the slow but sure
j ascent of the ladder of promotion, had placed in
ii the two higher grades of the Navy, men utterly
unfit to command a vessel of any class—men to
whom, if they had commenced their career in our
mercantile marine, the command of a ship would
never have been confided; or, if in early life they
had shown sufficient capacity for the trust, would
have been reduced to a subordinate station for
intemperance or unfaithfulness. These men were
at first promoted, and afterwards retained through
the culpable laxness of successive Secretaries of
ji the Navy. The records of the Department are
j filled with evidence of failure to bring officers to
j trial on well-founded charges of drunkenness, and
other offenses equally grave ;and even when courts-
martial have cashiered or suspended others for
disgraceful conduct, the sentence has almost in-
variably been entirely remitted, or greatly miti-
gated.
Besides these, there was a class still more nu-
merous, whom advanced age, disease, or accident,
had incapacitated for the discharge of any active
duty. As to the officers who, by the action of
the Executive, have been declared to be in this
category, and been retired on leave of absence
pay, I can see no just ground of complaint on
their part, or of sympathy on ours. Whatever
they may say to the contrary, the Secretary by
I his instructions,.and the law by its mnnineent
provisions, have removed every pretext for un-
favorable comment on their present character or
past history. Some of them have distinguished
themselves by gallant deeds; all of them, it is to
be presumed, by faithful service—as to them the
finding of the board is a certificate of good con-
duct—and they will receive, for the remainder of
their lives, a pension vastly greater than is ac-
, corded by any other Government to officers of
corresponding grades. There is yet another class
of officers on the retired list which contributes to
make up the aggregate of the so-called victims of
the board, styled, in the coarse but expressive
vocabulary of sailors, the skulks; many of them
sound in body, not deficient in mind, or unskilled
in their profession, but who prefer inglorious
ease at home, the luxuries of a city, the vegeta-
tion of a village life, or the culture of a farm, to
the perils and hardships of the seas—good men
in their way, perhaps regular attendants at church
, or meeting, and leading members of temperance
, societies, but salt water does not agree witn them;
and, when ordered on foreign service, they find
| some convenient pretext for evading it. These
i have been mercifully treated when placed upon
[ furlough pay.
j Knowing these facts, the chiefs of the Navy
i Department have for the last twenty years de-
clared the urgent necessity of reform. Repeated
reports of the appropriate committees of both
Houses of Congress liad called for it in vain.
The evil was patent and notorious—asserted by
every man competent to form an opinion, denied
by none. The three captains dropped had re-
ceived, together, over $100,000 of pay since they
had ceased- to render service of any hind, ashore
or. afloat; and I find, by reference to the Navy
Register of last year, that, among the dropped or
