1856.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1925
£l
mittee report that the election of the Legislature
of the Territory of Kansas was secured by non-
residents, by fraud, and by violence, so that the
Territorial Legislature of Kansas to-day is a
usurpation upon the bona fide citizens of that
Territory.
I therefore propose to strike from this appro-
priation any money which shall be appropriated
to sustain a usurpation over any people, and in
this case upon the people of the Territory of
Kansas, who have had no voice in the election of
that Legislature. The Council, the same men
elected by fraud and violence, hold over another
year, and the men who are to be elected for the
Assembly in the next Legislature, have to be
elected under the same law enacted by this Legis-
lature thus illegally forced as a legislative body
upon the Territory of Kansas. There is, then,
no reason why this Government should pay for the
usurpation and tyranny thus forced upon those
people.
So far as the judges are concerned, I will vote
not a cent of money to sustain any judge who
tramples down the great principles of civil lib-
erty—a judge who, disregarding his duties, in
violation of the sacred guarantees of the Consti-
tution of the United States, puts men in chains
and irons, charged with treason for peaceably
assembling to petition the Government for a
redress of grievances—a right secured to them
by the Constitution of the Union. The inalien-
able right of the people to change their form of
government peaceably, at all times, is to be con-
strued into treason by the courts of Kansas,
when the Constitution of the Union declares that
nothing shall be treason but an overt act. A
judge who violates the Constitution of the United
States for the purpose of tyranny, outrage, and
wrong, should receive no appropriation at the
hands of Congress.
Gentlemen say, why not impeach him? Does
not every man know that an impeachment would
be a farce, if preferred by this House, when the
Senate of the United States, standing as the
guardian of the sla/ve power of this Government,
sustains any man who does its bidding r Let us
meet this question as the Constitution gives us a
right to meet it. We are to judge what appro-
priation we shall make: we are the sole judges,
under the Constitution, whether we will make
any appropriation or not.
ilr. i?HELPS. I rise to oppose the amend-
ment submitted by the gentleman from Pennsyl-
vania. By the existing laws, we have the officers
specified in this section of the appiopiidlion bill,
and the Committee of Ways and Means has only
recommended to this House an appropriation
sufficient to meet the salaries provided for by the
law establishing the Territory of Kansas. Also,
a sufficient sum for the pay and mileage of the
Legislature which is to assemble in the Territory
of "Kansas. The amendment proposed by the
gentleman, if it should prevail 111 this House, is
only the means of delaying the passage of this
appiopriation bill, and is, as I have a right to
infer, introduced for that purpose. So long as the
laws arc on the statute-books, everyone ought to
be willing to make the appropriations necessary
to meet the expenses to be incurred under them;
but the result of the amendment of the gentle-
man from Pennsylvania is, whether so designed
or not, to delay the possago of the appropriation
bill. Every clerk holding office 111 this city has
not been paid his salary for the past month, be-
cause the money has not yet been appropriated;
and if this amendment shall prevail, it will be
still longer delayed, and perhaps the amendment
may be the cause of defeating the bill. The
clerks of the Departments, I repent, who are em-
ployed m the various branches of the public ser-
vice, have been deprived of their pay for the last
month. They cannot get the pay due them for
their services. And the gentleman fromPcnnsyl-
vania, not content with depriving them of their
pay for the last month, is willing still to make a
contest on this mattei between the Senate and the
House of Representatives.
Mr. GROW. Mr. Chairman 
Mr. PHELPS. That is the effect of it. But
then, again, the gentleman from Pennsylvania
has voted for a bill to reorganize the Territory
of Kansas, and in that bill provision is made
for a secretary, three judges, and for a Territorial
Legislature; and the sum of money specified in
the bill for the support of the Territory of Kansas
will be required, if the bill for which he voted
shall become a law. By his own vote he has
aided in reestablishing the Territory of Kansas,
and yet by his own vote he is unwilling to com-
pensate the persons who are to be appointed
under that bill, if it shall receive the sanction of
the Senate.
But the gentleman from Pennsylvania charges
that these laws, enaeted by the Territorial Legis-
lature of Kansas, were passed by a Legislature
which was elected by fraud. I deny it. I can
take up the testimony reported by the investi-
gating committee, examine the election districts
seriatim, and demonstrate that the pro-slavery
party was in the majority in the Territory of
Kansas ot the time that the election took place.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. KUNKEL. I move to amend the amend-
ment by striking out all after the seven hundred
and eighty-ninth line, inclusive of that line.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. The pending amend-
ment strikes out all, and inserts $2,500.
The CHAIRMAN. It strikes out all that is
appropriated for compensation and mileage of
members.
Mr. ORR. What is the amendment to the
amendment ?
The CHAIRMAN. It is to strike out the
various lines of the text, including that proposed
to be amended by the gentleman from Pennsyl-
vania, [Mr. Grow.]
Mr. ORR. I submit that that amendment is
hardly in order. The amendment oiFeied by the
gentleman on my left [Mr. Grow] affects several
paragraphs. The committee, as well as the
House, is entitled to a separate vote on each par-
agraph. The gentleman proposes to strike out a
part of the bill that has not yet been read. If
the committee or the House desire a separate vote
on each paragraph, they are entitled to it. We
arc considering this bill by paragraphs, and are
entitled to separate votes by paragraphs.
The CM AIRMAN. Is that point of order
made on the amendment of the gentleman from
Pennsylvania, [Mr. Grow?]
Mr. ORR. Yes, sir. I suppose he will not
insist on his amendment in the form which he
has presented it.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair will remark
that he is m doubt as to whether his point of
order is made on the original amendment, or on
the amendment to the amendment.
Mr. ORR. The gentleman [Mr. Kuxkel] has
a right to move an amendment to the amendment;
but it is to the original amendment that I desire
to call the attention of the Chair. The bill is
under consideration by paragraphs. The gentle-
man from Pennsylvania [Mr. Grow] proposes to
strike out, in gross, some two or three par-
agraphs. I suggest to him to modify his amend-
ment, so as to embrace but the first, and then the
next, and the next, so that the committee may
have a separate vote on each one.
Mr. GROW. I have no objection. I first
move to strike out all after the word " Govern-
or," in the iirst paragraph, and insert the words
" two thousand five hundred dollars."
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair is inclined to
think that the point of order taken by the gentle-
man from South Carolina is well taken, and the
gentleman from Pennsylvania modifies his amend-
ment so as to allect only the iirst paragraph.
Mr. SHERMAN, "i propose to amend the
amendment of the gentleman from Pennsylvania,
[Mr. Grow,] by inserting as follows, after the
words " two thousand five hundred dolars:"
That no part of the money horobv appropriated
for the Territory of' Kansas shall be pant until ail pending
pio-eeutions in*said Teiritoiy, for retiwnjr to act as a part
of the po^c romitatusy or for treason, or Jor taking part m
any alleged election therein, or lor any othei political enme
oi olfen-'e, shall be suspended until Congress ^hall have
pa^fd upon tiro validity of the alleged J-egi-lame Assem-
bly of s-aid Tfnitoiy ; and until such time all persons now
m custody for such alleged etimes ot olien?es shall be dis-
charged ; and until such time no one fhail be charged with
an) bucli cumc or oflense.
Mr. PHELPS. I rise to a point of order.
This amendment is not in order. It is not ger-
mane to the subject-matter. It is attempting to
fasten general legislation on an appropriation
bill.
Mr. ORR. And to change existing-laws.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair has not the
least doubt in its own mind but that the point of
order is -well taken. But this committee, a few
days since, ruled directly otherwise, and over-
ruled the gentleman who was then in the chair.
The Chair, therefore, now rules in accordance
with the decision of the committee, and will leave
the committee to reverse its own decision jf it
desire to do sc.
Mr. PHELPS. Then I take an appeal from
the decision of the Chair, as it is given against
its own judgment.
Mr. drOODE. I ask the Chair whether he did
not state that, in his judgment, the amendment
was not in order?
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair stated that, in
his judgment, the point of order was well taken,
but that the committee had, in a similar case the
other day, decided otherwise.
Mr. PHELPS. I demand tellers on the ap-
peal.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Winslow
and Chaffee were appointed.
The question, " Shall the decision of the Chair
stand as the judgment of the committee?" was
taken, and the tellers reported—ayes 79, noes 53.
So the decision of the Chair was sustained.
Mr. SHERMAN. Mr. Chairman, I have no
desire to impede the passage of this appropriation
bill; I have no disposition to deprive the clerks
and employes in any of the departments of the
Government of the compensation to which they
are entitled; and the amendment which I have
offered cannot have that effect. Gentlemen will ob-
serve that it applies only to the salaries of the ter-
litorial officers of Kansas; and if the amendment
of the gentleman from Pennsylvania is adopted,
it will apply only to the salary of the Governor
of Kansas, and not to any other officer. It is
intended to be simply a legislative declaration by
Congress. It provides that all prosecutions for
treason, or other political offenses, pending in
Kansas, shall be discontinued until Congress
shall have passed upon the validity of the alleged
Legislative Assembly of that Territory. I have
learned, within a few days, from a lawyer residing
in that Territory, that, m the county of Leaven-
worth alone, theie arc sixty-five men under in-
dictment for political ofjjlnses. Sixty-five men,
sir, in a county where two years ago there was
not a single white settler, are harassed with
groundless accusations! And gentlemen know
that indictments of a similar character are pend-
ing in other counties. In the county of Douglas
there are six men charged with high treason, who
are kept in close confinement during these sum-
mer months, sweltering and rotting under tents
in the open prairie; and this is done under charges
which any lawyer knows can never be sustained.
The only crimes recognized are such as are known
as malum prohibitum; while crimes of violence—
such as murder, arson, and robbery—are passed
by in silence by the courts. The number of
American citizens thus charged with imaginary
political offenses is very great, and the oppression
is too grievous to be borne. This amendment
simply requires that they shall be discharged,
and that tins judicial tyranny shall cease in the
future. It does not even go as far a;; that. It
merely requires that these prosecutions shall be
discontinued until Congress shall act upon the
validity of the alleged Legislative Assembly. It
goes no further. It provides that the officers of
that Territory shall receive no compensation
under law until they have ceased to subvert law
It does seem to me that gentlemen on all sides
of the House should accept this for the peace and
harmony of the country. If the Senate will not
yield this much, then, sir, let us stop the supplies.
It is well known that on the 30th March, 1855,
crimes of the highest magnitude were committed,
against the rights of the settlers m Kansas, and
yet no indictments are found, and no accusations
are made. Political opinion is ail immunity for
crime. No pro-slavery man is punished or ac-
cused; while free-State men, for legally partici-
pating in legal elections, arc persecuted with all
the potent enginery of the law—directed by United
States marshals, attorneys, and judges. Sir,this
shall be so no longer by my vote, and none of
these officials shall receive one dollar of compen-
sation, with my consent, until they release all
those they now so unjustly accuse.
Mr. M1LLSON. Mr. Chairman, if this amend-
ment should be adopted by the committee, it will
of course be reported to the House, and the vote
