tie
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 81,
Mr. CLINGMAN. Then the gentleman must
go with us until he sees the slave question safe,
find postp6Yie the other questions.
! Mr. MARSHALL. I have no concealments
upon the subject. The Republicans already have
teen assured by m6 that -I have no sympathy
whatever with them, and that I hold their political
agitation of questions affecting the quiet and
fefety of the slaveholding States in utter abhor-
rence. I claim nothing from them towards me;
I can never lend them my assistance in the pros-
ecution of their purposes; dircctly or indirectly—
bj a'vote for'the'ir candidate, or by giving them'a
dnan'ce of attaining tlierh by a plurality. So far as
riiere may be Sfcting with them Americans from
the North, assisting them to elevate to the chair
^Ke geriftetnahfrom Massachusetts, [Mr: Banks,]
•frho has not on this floor claimed to belong to the
American party 
CLTNGMAN. Last Congress he did.
Mr. MARSHALL. So he may have done,
but what may he not have done to the contrary
siiice the last Congress ? They who support him
ri'ow, in hisgjresent views as expressed here, do
not affiliate with us in political principles, and I
fegar'd' their Republicanism as paramount to their
Americanism. [Here the hammer fell.]
■"* [Cries "of " Go on!" " Go on!"]
Mr. COBB, of Georgia, was rccognized by the
Clerk.
Mr. MARSHALL. 1 have no desire to ob-
trude myselfupon the House, or to violate a rule.
£ think we had better vote and elect our Speaker.
In compliance with my pledge, I renew the dc-
xhand'for the previous question.
Mr. COBB, of Georgia. I desire to say a word
as to the resolution of the gentleman from Ken-
tucky before the vote is taken.
" Mr'. COX. My colleague [Mr. Marshall]
promised to renew the demand for the previous
question. [" It is too late."]
' Mr. MARSHALL. 1 did renew it.
Mr. COX. The previous question is still be-
fore the House; but 1 yield to the gentleman from
Georgia if he will promise to renew the call.
*'Mr. COBB. My friend from Kentucky has
not the control of the question.
, *'Mr. KELSEY. I made a motion to lay this
resolution upon the table, but withdrew it for the
jjurpose of allowing the gentleman from Ken-
tucky [Mr. Marshall] to*address the House.
* The CLERK. But the gentleman did not re-
new the motion.
"Mr. KELSEY. For the reason that the Clerk
recdgnizfcd another gentleman upon the floor.
J,The CLERK. The gentleman from Georgia
[Mr. Cobb] is upon "the floor, and the gentleman
from New York can renew his motion after the
gentleman from Georgia shall have finished his
remarks.
MR. cox's PROPOSITION—AGAIN.
Mr. COBB, of Georgia. I do not rise for the
purpose of discussing now the question raised
by the gentleman from fCentucky, [Mr. Mar-
shall,] who has just taken Ins seat. I propose
to meet that question after the House shall have
effected an organization; and I now pass it by
With one single remark, and that is, to ctfll the
attention of the House and of the country to
this remarkable state of things: while the mem-
bers of the National American party, on every
occasion, when an opportunity presents itself,
assail the Democratic party for its unsoundness
upon the question of the Nebraska bill, charg-
ing that, in one scction of the country, they pre-
sent the principles of that bill in one way, and
in another section of the country in another way,
and tjiat, therefore, the party is not entitled to
the public confidence—while these charges are
day after day, and hour after hour, made by those
gfetitlemen, they follow them up invariably with
propositions to unite with us. it docs seem very
strange to me, if those gentlemen believe that the
Democratic'party are attempting to practice a
fraud, that they should all the time be endeavor-
ing to get inside of the Democratic party, and
thereby make themselves participants in the fraud
"which they say that party are practicing upon
the country. With these remarks I pass that
subject by, saying to the gentleman from Ken-
tucky, [3VIr. Marshall,] that with his permis-
sion! I "frill be happy, after thfc House shall have
been organized, to meet him 111 the discussion of
the principles of the Kansas and Nebraska bill,
as advocated and expounded by the Democrats
both North and South: and also the principles
of his party as expounded North and South, as
the vote taken a few days ago manifests some
difference of opinion among themselves upon the
question then involved, as well as other princi-
ples of his party upon the subject of American-
ism, upon which I believe they differ as widely
as they do upon the question of slavery.
But I rise principally for the purpose of dis-
cussing the proposition made by the gentleman
from Kentucky, [Mr. Cox.] It has been read
from the desk, but I have not had an opportunity
to examine it. The impression which 1 have of
it is gathered from hearing it read, and I desire
to know whether I understand it correctly. As
I understand it, it is a proposition that those
who vote for the resolution bind themselves on
the first vote to vote for Mr. Orr, of South Caro-
lina; failing to elect him, all who vote for the
resolution bind themselves to vote for Mr. Pul-
ler, of Pennsylvania; and this obligation is
Created by the vote we give for the resolution,
without regard to the fact whether the resolution
is adopted or not.
Mr. COX. The gentleman misunderstands the
resolution. It only makes it obligatory upon
those voting for the resolution to vote for Speaker
as there provided for, in case the resolution is
adopted by a majority of the House.
Mr. COBB. 1 did understand it differently.
Then the obligation only applies in the evfnt of
the adoption of the resolution. Now, Mr. Clerk,
I desire to act candidly upon this question, with
the gentleman from Kentucky, [Mr. Cox,] and
with this body; and as 1 am determined not to
cast my vote for the gentleman from Pennsyl-
vania, [Mr. Fuller,] in the event that I cannot
elect the gentleman from South Carolina, [Mr.
Orr,] I should be acting m bad faith to favor the
passage of this resolution even by my silence. I
hold that no one con.consistcntly vote for that
resolution unless he has made up his mind, in car-
rying it into effect, to vote for Mr. Fuller, in the
event that Mr. Orr is not elected upon the first
vote.
True, it may be implied that, if a majority of
the House vote for the adoption of the resolution,
the same majority would elect Mr. Orr upon the
first vote. Nevertheless, if I vote for the passage i
of the resolution, am I not, as an honest man, ;
just as much bound to vote for Mr. Fuller, in j
the event of the failure of Mr. Orr's election; j
and such a result is not impossible ? Truly 1 am; i
and as I do not intend to give any such vote, and
as I do not intend to either directly or indirecrly
make myself a party to any such combination,
and as I shall act now, as 1 have before acted—
that is, I shall be governed in my vote for
Speaker by my principles and my sense of duty
as a Representative of the people, irrespective of
all combinations, of any character whatsoever,
with iny political opponents—I shall vote against
this resolution.
Mr. COX rose.
Mr. KELSEY. I move to lay the resolution
upon the table.
Mr. COX claimed the floor.
The CLERK. The gentleman from New York
was recognized by the Clerk, and moved to lay the
resolution upon tftc table. No debate is in order.
Mr. COX. I hope the gentleman from New
York will withdraw that motion for a moment,
to enable me to submit a remark.
Mr. KELSEY. I will, if the gentleman will
renew it.
Mr. COX. I will not move to lay my own
resolution upon the table, but I will call the pre-
vious question upon it, which, I presume, will
answer the gentleman's purpose equally as well.
Mr. KELSEY. I will withdraw the motion
with that understanding.
Mr. TAYLOR. I ask the gentleman from Ken-
tucky to allow me to propound a single question.
Mr. COX. I want to make a single remark,
and then I will yield to the gentleman. I have
merely to say, that what would be a correct line
of conduct for one member upon this floor, would
be a correct line of conduct for all. Now, if the
course of proceeding which the gentleman from
Georgia [Mr. Cobb] has marked out for himself
be the correct course, then it is a course which it
is proper for every member in this Hall to fol-
low; and if every member, or a majority of the
House, were to act upon that rule, this House
could never organize—never. It excludes the
idea that we may, under any circumstances, vote
for any man for Speaker who does not hold to
the "same faith, politically, which we ourselves
possess. That is the line of policy which the
gentleman from Georgia has laid down for him-
self, and he'has expressed his determination to
adhere to it. Then, sir, as I have said, if that
be the correct line of policy, then it is the duty
of every other member of the House to adopt it,
and adhere to it; and under it the House could
never be organized.
Well, sir, for myself, I have no party feelings;
I have no party malevolence; I have no dispo-
sition that will prevent me from entering into
some political association—I will not say combi-
nation, that may bring about an organization. I
recognize no party obligations that will prevent'
me from performing-what I conceive to be my
duty to my country.
I care not if you denounce me for it. I will
pursue the course which a patriotic sense of duty
marks out, reserving to myself, at a proper time,
to assert my right as a member of this House;
representing an independent constituency, to vin-
dicate the course I shall pursue.
But, sir, 1 cannot organize the House, nor can
the little party with which I am associated do it.
"We represent much the weakest force in num-
bers in this triangular fight. But, sir, for the
sake of effecting an organization, I am willing to
waive my preference. I am willing" to take any
man who I am assured will exert the power placed,
in his hands to maintain the guarantees of the
Constitution. I am willing to make the conces-
sion, for the sake of compromise, which this res-
olution involves, ^s it not a fair proposition ? 1
make no pretensions to the spirit of exclusiveness
which the gentleman from Georgia affects. That
gentleman belongs to a close-communion party.
He will commune with none who do not hold the
same faith' in every respect, prescribed by his
own church. He will vote for no resolution un-
less it shall involve the certainty of the election
of his candidate. That is his position. Well, sir,
1 am willing now to concede something for the
sake of effecting the organization of the Hous^,
to enable us to proceed with the business of the
country. I compromise no principle-by so doing.
I do not become a Democrat by voting for the
honorable gentleman from South Carolina, [Mr.
Orr.] No, sir, not at all; and it will be a long
time before I become a Democrat, in the party
sense of the term. I profess now to be a Demo-
crat in the true republican sense of the term—not
a Black Republican; I should be the last man in
the Housj? for that.
Mr. BOCOCK. I do not desire to interrupt
the gentleman now, but before he calls the previ-
ous question, I desire to call his attention to a
single fact, if he will allow me.
Mr. COX. I have no further remarks that I
design to make at this time. I am under aplcdge,
given by the gentleman from New York, []\Ir.
Kelsey,] that I will renew the demand for the
previous question.
Mr. BOCOCK. Can I ask a question before
the gentleman makes that motion ?
Mr. COX. Certainly.
Mr. BOCOCK. I wish to make this sugges-
tion to the gentleman from Kentucky, [Mr. Cox.]
Mv recollection is, that the gentleman, in a former
speech, some days since, laid down the very sin-
gular proposition that, if the friends of Mr. Ful-
ler had gone over to the support of the gentleman
from Illinois, [Mr. Richardson,] if they had uni-
ted with the Democratic party, with a view of
promoting the election of Mr. Richardson, they
would have failed to accomplish that result; and
he, at the same time, stated that, if the friends of
the gentleman from Illinois [Mr. Richardsox]
would go over and vote for Mr. Fuller, they
could secure his election.
I think it is a matter of some importance that
the attention of the House should be c ailed to the
phraseology of the resolutions now befox*e us. If
a'sufficientnumber vote for the resolution to adopt
it, the same vote would elect Mr. Op.r Speaker.
Why, then, the necessity for providing for a sub-
sequent vote for Mr. Fuller, unless it be that
there are certain gentlemen in the House who will
I vote for the adoption of the resolution, but who
