1052
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 29,
'Mr. HUNTER. Oh no.
Mr. HAMLIN. I hope that the Senator will
not interpose objection to the question being taken
on my amendment. It is one which is very de-
cidedly urged by the Secretary of War, and it is
in accordance with his estimate. The matter was
sutffhitted to the Secretary of War, and he wrote
a letter saying that it was a work of the first im-
portance, and that it ought to have been long since
done. The amendment was submitted to the
Committee on Military Affairs, and I was author\
ized by every member of that committee to sub-
mit it to the Senate.
Mr. HUNTER. I thought that the bill was
taken up with the understanding that it was to
be laid over. If we consider this amendment
now, it opens up the whole debate on the ques-
tion of fortifications. I hope the whole subject
will be laid over; I am not ready to vote on these
questions now.
Mr. WELLER. I hope the amendment will
be incorporated in the bill. Afterwards, as a
matter of course, it will be in order, when the bill
shall be reported to the Senate, to move to strike
out the amendment. My object was to accom-
modate the Senator from Maine to get his amend-
ment adopted, and then when the bill comes up
for consideration the Senator from Virginia can
move to strike out any part which may be ob-
jectionable to him.
Mr. HUNTER. That will be after it has
been adopted as in Committee of the Whole. If
we are to consider the amendment, I should hkc
to hear the recommendation, and we must go
into the whole Subject.
Mr. VVELLEIl. Will not my friend from
Virginia take my word for it? I have seen the
letter to which the Senator from Maine refers,
and I know that the Secretary of War does
speak of this work as one of the first importance.
He recommends the appropriation. On that rec-
ommendation the Committee on Militaiy Affairs
authorized the presentation of this amendment.
Mr. HUNTER. Ido not doubt that there is
such a recommendation: I do not doubt theword
either of the Senator from California, or tin4 Sen-
ator from Maine; but I desne to hear it read.
Mr. STUART. I understood that this was to
be somewhat of an informal matter. At any
rate, the bill is now under consideration as m
Committee of the Whole; and if we agree to the
amendment thus informally I should not con-
eider myself bound to concur in it when the
bill shall be reported to the Senate. At a sub-
sequent day, when this bill shall be reported to
the Senate, and the question shall arise on con-
curring in the amendments made as m the Com-
mittee of the Whole, we can decide what to do;
but I ilnnk, in order to accommodate the Senator
from Maine and the Senate, we might a^ree to
this amendment informally, and then postpone
the consideration of the bill.
Mr. HAMLIN. I hope that course will be
taki'ii; and as it is among the things possible ihnt
I may not bn here when the vote shall lie taken
on concurring in the amendment, I ask of the
Senate a few minutes to state some reasons winch
show the propriety and importance of this work.
Kennebec river enters into the very heart of
Maine. It is navigable to her capital; andather
capital is the United States arsenal. The city
of Augusta, the city of Bath, the city of Orardi-
ner, and the city of ILillowtll, are all upon the
banks of that river, embracing some of the finest
commercial towns in the State of Maine. The
district of Bath contains as much tonnage within
about ten thousand tons as the city of Baltimore.
The harbor at the mouth of the river is capacious
enough to float the navies of the world, and is
accessible at all seasons of the year for all classes
of vessels, no matter how large. It is valuable as
a harbor of refuge as well as to protect the com-
merce of the towns of the State. The entrance at
the mouth of this river is but about one hundred
rods in width, with ten fathom.% deep at low
water.
The Secretary of War, in recommending this
work to the Senate for its consideration, briefly
alludes to some of these facts. Upon the banks
oi that liver, and upon the bays above its mouth,
are some of the largest ship-yards m our country,
where, m time of war, protected by a fort at its
mouth, a naval marine could be constructed with
t&y great rapidity, Every Seriated knows that
j with our limited fields, and our limited labor, in
| a war we should need the ship-yards of Maine,
; for the purpose of converting the material there
: into naval vessels in time of war. It is cer-
i tainly one of the legitimate and appropriate ob-
jects for an appropriation of this character.
This fortification, therefore, isnotonly neces-
sary for the protection of the Government works
—the United States arsenal placed on that river—
but for the protection of the most densely popu-
lated part of the State of Maine, including its
capital, and is necessary for the purpose of fur-
nishing .a harbor for our commercial marine
against a blockading squadron. It is necessary
also for the purpose of protecting the magnificent
ship-yards that line its borders, in time of actual
war.
It was my purpose to trespass on the Senate
for a few minutes in discussing this question,
but I do not purpose to delay the consideration
of the special order assigned for this day. I have
stated briefly the reasons for this appropriation,
and they are presented by the Secretary of War.
From Passamaquoddy to the Gulf of Mexico
you cannot find a single point as feasible, in a
national point of view, for the protection of this
Governmentby fortifications, as the one embraced
in this amendment.
Mr. HUNTER. I do not wish to prejudge
this case. -It may be that when it comes to be
explained I shall vote for it; but I ask if it be the
best way of legislation to take up these bills and
j legislate on them in parts in this way? Had we
! not better lay aside the whole subject for the
! present? We can consider it as well when it
I again comes up as now. The Senator may be
j right or wrong—I do not know anything about
I it as yet. It seems to me, that it would be far
j better to lay the whole subject over until we can
■ act on it properly.
! ' The PRESIDENT. Does the Senator submit
! a motion ?
Mr. HUNTER. No, sir.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. WELLER. Now I have no objection to
the bill going over.
The PRESIDENT. The hour for the special
order has arrived, and it will be taken up unless
otherwise ordered, this bill being necessarily
postponed.
CIRCUIT COURT IJV CALIFORNIA.
Mr. BENJAMIN. Before the special orderis
taken up, I appeal to the courtesy of the Senate
t to consider a bill which has been this morning
1 returned from the House of Representatives, with
| amendments. The amendments consist of buta
: few words. The bill was passed for the purpose
| of amending an act of the last session, providing
i a circuit court for California. The business of
! that circuit is in confusion. The picsiding judge
j of the circuit is here, and is about to leave for
; homo. I do not think it will take three minutes
' to satisfy the Senate of the propriety of the
' amendments of the House, and of their concur-
ring in them, and having the bill passed.
Mr. WELLER, I hope the Senate will con-
cur in the amendments.
The Senate proceeded, by unanimous consent,
to consider the amendments of the House, which
were in page 2,line thirteen, after the word '* dis-
trict," to insert the words " when sitting as cir-
cuit judge;" and to strike out the fifth section.
Mr. BENJAMIN. The fifth section of the
hill, which has not met the approbation of the
House, provided for cases of difference between
the circuit and district judges in land claims. The
delegation from California prefer that that pro-
vision should be omitted. I suppose we can have
no objection to omitting it.
Mr. TOOMBS. I will state further that it
leaves the law where it is now in that particular,
without amendment.
Mr. HUNTER. Does this bill purpose to in-
crease the salary ?
Mr. BENJAMIN and Mr. TOOMBS. No,
sir.
The amendments of the House were concur-
red in.
Mr. BENJAMIN. By striking out the fifth
section there will necessarily be a change made
in the numeration of the subsequent sections. I
suppose no motion is necessary for that purpose.
The fifth section is now stribken out, ana the
sixth becomes the fifth, and the seventh the sixth,
and so on.
The PRESIDENT. That change will be made
as a matter of course.
ARMY AND NAVY PENSIONS.
Mr. CLAY. The Committee on Pension's, to
whom were referred various memorials of widows
of deceased officers of the Army, and also the
petitions of seamen of the Navy, have had tho
same under consideration and have instructed me
to report a general bill (S. No. 274) to correct the
inequalities and want of uniformity in Army and
Navy pensions. As it is a matter of some im-
portance, I hope the Senate will soon take the bill
under consideration.
The bill was read twice by its title and post-
poned to, and made the special order for, this day
week, at one o'clock.
THE NAVAL RETIRING BOARD.
The Senate resumed the consideration of Mr.
Iverson's resolutions for the appointment of a
special committee to investigate the action of the
late naval board.
Mr. BELL, of Tennessee, resumed and con-
cluded the speech which he commenced yester-
day in defense of Lieutenant M. F. Maury. It
will be found m the Appendix.
Mr. BUTLER. With the consent of my friend
from North Carolina, [Mr. Biggs,] who is
titled to the floor, I desire to say a few words m
the nature of a personal explanation, in reference
to a conversation which took place between the
Senator from Kentucky [Mr. Crittenden] and
myself the other day. It seems that I did not
exactly understand Captain Stribling in one of
the views which he intended to present to me.
He says, that so far from claiming any distinc-
tion or preference for his conduct in the capture
of Domingo, comparable with the action of Lieu-
tenant Watson in the capture of Diaboleto, he
docs not consider them at all in comparison. He
regards Lieutenant Watson's as one of the most
brilliant affairs that any were engaged in on that
occasion with the pirates. All that he intended
to say was, as he has told me in the letter which
I hold in my hand, that he claims simply the part
which he took, and desires to distinguish between
the two—Domingo and Diaboleto. He says that
Commodore Porter bestowed his just applause
on Watson, and that he also gave him his due
share, and that he is satisfied with that. All that
I ask is, that the two letters which I now present
may be taken as part of the statement of this
gentleman:
Georgetown, D. C., March 31, 1856.
My peak Sir: Suiee I hud the pleasure of seeing you
thw mornniff, X have lead Mr. Hou-ion's speech, and notice
thiee statement*:, m his remarks in relation to the San
Jacinto, which 1 beg to coriect, as I cannot suppose the
Senatoi intended to suppoit Ins case against me by wrong
statements. ,
1. lie says the crew of the San Jacinto was more than
three hundred men, and that the men sent on board at
Philadelphia, was an addition to her ciew. The fact is, the
complement of the San Jacinto is two hundred and forty-
five, all told, including engineeis, lit emen, and coal-heavers.
When she sailed lrom Philadelphia, she was inoie than
twenty shoit of complement, (the number heie given ia
Itoin memoiy,) so that I am much within bounds when I
say more than one fouith of the working men of the crew
vveie received on board just before sailing lrom Phila-
delphia.
2 The time to get the after pivot-gun ready for action, is
stated to be thirty-one minutes. No explanation is given in
the speeeli as to the cause, and I ain blamed for it. The
following statement will, I think, explain this to the satis-
laetion o~t the Senator. The San Jacinto is without bul-
waik5!, and canvas sercens are put up all round the ship
instead. These seieens, except about the hows and stern,
are permanent, or raiher have not to be removed when tho
ship is cleared foi action. Forwaid, rouml the forecastle,
the 'jereeii® are seemed to iron stanchions, which have to be
removed befoie the bow pivot-gun can be cleared foi action.
Around the stern these stanchions are double, with screens
inside and out; the space between the screens is used to
stow hammocks, for signal lockers, &c. Jill have to bo
removed, before the after pivot-gun is ready for action.
These stanchions, scieens, &e., have to be removed caie-
fully, so that they may be put up again, as is always done
atter the excicise or action is over. If, however, an occa-
sion should occur when it was necessary to clear ship for
action in the f-horte^t time possible, this could be done m
five minutes; but it would be done by knocking down and
"clearing away with axes and erowbais all the stanchions,
screens, &c., and throwing them overboard. They would
all afterward'! have to be replaced, at a considerable expense,
winch could not be done by the mechanics of the ship. The
remedy for this defect is to substitute bulwarks, as sug-
gested by the inspecting officers. For all this I certainly
wa  not to blame.
3. I have never acknowledged or admitted that I did not
perform my duty, as the Senator states. My explanation fo
