di6
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[March 31,
34th Cong....1st Sess.
Naval Retiring Board—Mr. Slidell.
Senate.
retired officers,forty-seven had been recemngpay
while unemployed in any way for periods vary-
ing from twenty to thirty-seven years.
There was another consideration, however, not
go srpiicrftll y understood, but of much more serious
consequence in its effects upon the efficiency of
the Navy. The number of officers in each grade
was limited by law; there was no prospect of that
number being increased; in the higher grades few
died and none resigned; among the lieutenants, in-
deed, some of the very best on the list, disgusted
by the slowness of promotion, and attracted by
the superior advantages held out by the-merchant
service or other industrial pursuits, threw up their
commissions; the inefficient officers hung as so
much dead weight on their juniors; a passed mid-
shipman could not hope to be a lieutenant before
the mature age of thirty-six; a lieutenant could
not expect to be a commander, which grade would
entitle him to a sloop of war, until he was sixty-
four, when a very large majority of those who
have followed a seafaring life are unfit for active
service. If the commander were fortunate enough
to attain the patriarchal age of eighty, he might
hope to be a captain.
I am not of those who are disposed to under-
rate the value of experience, but experience to
be useful must be acquired by the schooling of
personal responsibility and self-reliance. If you
Keep a man until he is thirty six in the position
of absolute tutelage, which is that of a passed
midshipman, and in a great degree that of a lieu-
tenant, he must have rare merit, indeed, to de-
velop at a later period those qualities for command
which have so long been repressed by constant
dependence on the judgment of others. Under
such a system, coula you possibly look for that
energy and enthusiasm which should characterize
our military marine ? Would not most officers be
satisfied merely to do their share of duty in such
a way as not to expose themselves fo a court-
martial ? Emulation and esprit dveorps are out of
the question. The day may not be far distant when
we shall have once more to meet on the ocean our
great maritime rival; we ought in view of such a
contingency to increase largely the number of our
war steamers; but ships, whatever be their force,
are worthless masses, unless commanded by skill-
ful and energetic officers.
I have had a table prepared which shows the
age at which the different grades would be at-
tained by officers now in the service without the
change made by the efficiency act. It demon-
strates the correctness of the statement I have
made.
Class.
Born about the year—
Would probably have
been promoted had
there been no retired
list in—
At the age of—
Entered the Navy 
The junior midshipmen of
the class of 1841 
1828
1862
36
1841
The Junior lieutenants on
the Navy Register for
1824.
the year 1855 
1888
64
1839
The junior commanders
on the Navy Register for
the year 1855 
1808
1875
67
1823
The junior commander
now nominated for con-
firmation by the Senate,
1813
1870
57
1828
Junior captain now before
the Senate 
1803
1869
66
1818
In this table it is assumed that the average age
at which officers have entered the Navy isfifteen
years; that the midshipmen of 1841 would rise
towards the rank of lieutenant at the average rate
of eighteen annually; that the junior lieutenants
on the Navy Register of 1855 would rise at the
average rate of ten annually; that the junior com-
manders on the Register of 1855 would rise
towards the rank of captain at the average rate
of five annually. It is also assumed that the
junior commander now before the Senate would
nave risen from his position, as lieutenant on the
Register of 1855, at the average rate of eight
annually towards the grade to which the retired
list has advanced him.
Do Senators know at what age the brilliant
achievements of our Navy have been effected
by the men whose names reflect so much luster
on its annals ? They all had the rank of captain
long before the time at which, without the aid of
this act, your midshipmen could expect to take
charge of the deck for a watch as junior lieuten-
ants. And now, let me ask, why ao we keep up
an expensive Navy ? One would infer, from what
has been said by more than one Senator, that it
was established tor the benefit of the officers—that,
once having obtained a commission, they had a
life estate in its privileges and emoluments. I
have been under a different impression. I had
supposed that it was for the protection of our
commerce and the vindication of our rights and
honor when assailed. How, except on the former
hypothesis, can the declaration be explained that,
rather than suffer injustice to be done to a single
officerwho has been aggrieved, we should replace
everything on a footing which all admit to be
mischievous? As every Senator who has ex-
pressed himself in opposition to the action of the
President has one or more cases of what he as-
sumes to be personal wrong to redress, by refus-
ing to confirm nominations—if that mode of pro-
ceeding be carried out, the law is nullified, and we
ajre placed, as they contend, exactly where we
were twelve months since. Butthis negative result
cannot be attained even by taking the extreme
remedy suggested by my friends from Virginia
and Texas, [Messrs. MAsowand Rusk,] the repeal
of the law. I shall not enter into the legal and
constitutional questions which have been started,
as to the effect of the action of the President; they
have been conclusively answered by my colleague,
with his accustomed lucidity and force of argu-
ment; I could add nothing useful to what i
already complete, and I shall only say that I con-
cur with him fully in everything that he has said
on these points.
But admitting for a moment, that by legislative
action we could restore every man to his former
standing on the Navy list, what would then be
the state of this right arm of the public defense ?
Deplorable as it was before, the evil would be
infinitely aggravated. Feuds the most bitter and
unappeasable between all those who had been re-
moved from the active list, and those who had
been retained ; impunity proclaimed for incapa-
city and offenses of every degree ; a total destruc-
tion of that subordination and discipline, without
which our national ships will only leave our ports
to become the prey of the enemy and disgrace
our flag in war, or their crews to be the victims
of the thousand accidents of the ocean in peace.
To this it may be replied, that no Secretary of the
Navy would incur the responsibility of giving
active employment to men who had been declared
incapable or unworthy by the judgment of their
peers. This might and probably would be the
case ; and what would necessarily be the conse-
quence? You will have two hundred and one
officers receiving pay for services not rendered;
a pension list, odious alike from the character of
a majority of the recipients of its lavish bounty,
and from the source whence it is derived, the dimin-
ished pay of those who will discharge their duties,
and who, on every principle of fair dealing and
public policy, should occupy their grades.
So much for the purpose of the law: now for
the manner in which it has been executed.
The first section directed that the President
should call a board to be assembled, to consist
of five captains, five commanders, and five lieu-
tenants. How was this preliminary duty dis-
charged? Confessedly by the selection of fifteen
of the very best men in the service, of their re-
spective grades. The press of the country was
unanimous in its approbation of that selection.
Not a whisper of reproach or censure was heard.
They were, when assembled, to make, under such
regulations as the Secretary of the Navy might
prescribe, a careful examination into the efficiency
of the officers of the several grades of captains,
commanders, lieutenants, masters and passed mid-
shipmen. The Secretary did prescribe the reg-
ulations under which they were to act; and, not-
withstanding the vague intimations which have
been repeatedly made here, that he had miscon-
strued the law and laid down rules which were
inconsistent with its letter and spirit, I do not
recollect that any Senator has attempted to point
out specifically any one clause of his instructions
where that inconsistency exists. I have read
them attentively, more than once, with the law
before me, and can discover not the slightest
ground for the allegation. They are remarkable
for their simplicity and directness; and he in-
variably quotes the very words of the law for
his authority in adopting them. I have seldom
read a public document to which I could give so
unqualified an assent as to this much-abused
letter of instructions. The board was to make a
careful examination into the efficiency of offi-
cers.
The words " careful examination" have been
a fruitful theme of declamation; they are con-
stantly quoted; and it is asked, with a triumphant
air, how can a careful examination have been
made into the efficiency of seven hundred and
twelve officers when but thirty-seven days elapsed
from the commencement of its deliberations until
their close ? The report of the Naval Committee
presents, in the letter of Commodore Shubrick,
a very conclusive answer—it gives us the mode
of proceeding of the board. Every officer was
deemed efficient, unless a suggestion to the con-
trary was made by some officer of a grade com-
petent to pass upon his efficiency. This at once
disposed of more than five hundred out of the
seven hundred and twelve, leaving the careful ex-
amination to be made only of the remainder. The
board was unanimous upon the question of ineffi-
ciency in one hundred and fifty cases; in thirty-
three cases it was pronounced by a vote of two
thirds or more, leaving only eighteen to be dis-
posed of by less than a two-thirds vote. With
the records of the Department before them, and
the personal knowledge, in almost every instance,
of several members of the board, was not the time
ample? How perfectly baseless, then, the accu-
sation of indecent haste. It is quite in keeping
with insinuations as to the motives of self-ad-
vancement which have controlled their action,
while at the same time a disclaimer is made of
any intention to impugn their honor. It would
be a more easy task to defend these gentlemen
against any direct accusation. I believe all and
each of them to be above reproach, professionally
and socially. Would that this could be said of
even a tithe of those who have come before us to
impugn, not only their judgment, but their mo-
tives. Some who present themselves with a bold
front to challenge investigation into their past
career, would be found to quail were they taken
at their word. No officer could pass on another
of a grade superior to his own; and it is suscepti-
ble of the strictest mathematical demonstration,
that in the va^t majority of cases the professional
or pecuniary interests of any one of the members
of the board could in no manner be advanced by
his vote
The board was to make a careful examination
into the efficiency of officers, and report to the
Secretary of the Navy all thoBe " who, in its
judgment, were incapable of performing promptly
and efficiently all their duty, ashore and afloat.
So far as the Senate was concerned, the bill to
this extent received its unanimous assent. Are
we now to shrink from the strictly logical and
necessary consequences of our own deliberate
action ? What constitutes the efficient officer ? It
is his capacity to discharge with a medium degree
of ability any duty imposed upon him belonging
properly to his grade. Take, for instance, a
lieutenant; during a certain number of hours every
day, or night, he is to take charge of the ship to
which he is attached. I assume that he is sound
in body, of fair intelligence, acquainted with his
Erofession, theoretically and practically, but he
as one fatal defect; he frequently, or if you will,
occasionally, when on duty, drinks to excess.
The lives of hundreds may depend on his vigi-
lance—will you trust him with a watch ? If not,
he is inefficient. As you advance in grade, the
exigencies of efficiency are greater. The com-
mander of a-ship of war is often, even in peace,
the representative of the glory and honor of his
country. He may have, in addition to the quali-
ties I have just conceded to his lieutenant, that
of temperance; he may drink nothing but water.
Has he the faculty of command, can he maintain
the discipline of his ship, can he keep her in good
