1856.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1053
the Secretary will not, I think, bear such a construction ;
if it does, I did not intend it; for I now affirm that the San
Jacinto was, in my opinion, fit for any service, when she
anivcd at New York. The report, made five days after,
does not, I believe, militate against this affirmation.
I, of couise, can say nothing about the Senator's severe
strietuies upon my conduct in relation to the San Jacinto,
or as a member of the late board. It is my misfortune, and
I say in all sincerity, that, if 1 know anything of myself,
I have not deserved such treatment as I have rcccived at
the hands of the Senator from Texas.
. 1 leave my case m your hands, feeling confident that you
will do what you believe to be just and proper.
I have made a promise to be in Philadelphia to-morrow,
which compels me to write instead of calling upon you. I
expect to return by Saturday next.
I am, my dear &n, with great respect, your obedient ser-
vant, C. K. STRIBLING.
To the Hon. A. P. Butler, United States Senate.
Capitol, Jipril 28,1858.
My dear Sir : Not finding you in the Judiciary room, I
ake the liberty of writing to you.
In the remarks of Mr. Crittenden the other day, he says
I claimed the merit of the affan of Lieutenant Wat&on. I
never set up such a claim. I mistook the name of the pirate
chief, calling tlie one who commanded the vessel captured
by the barges under my command, Diaboleto, instead of
Domingo. I never confounded the two tiansactions; they
were so entnely different in their results, that I could not
well have done so.
In your remarks I am still more unfortunate. In refer-
ring to a conversation had with me, you say that I did not
know but what I prefeired my own to that of Lieutenant
Watson. In that conversation, I spoke of the two pirate
duels, and said that as Donnngo was by Commodore Porter
called the chief of the hordes of pirates, the mistake 1
made in calling him Diaboleto could not be attributed to any
improper motive, as the other was the chief of the pnates.
Fiom this, I suppose, you made the mistake in saying that
1 considered my own affair equal to Watson % and that
Upon the whole I did not know but that I prefeired it.
I beg now to say that 1 never intended to compare the
two tian&aetions. Watson's wa« perhaps the mo-.t bulliant
affair of the war against the pirate^; mv own was much
less important. If jou think the above of MitTu lent un-
pen tanee, I hope jou [will] &etthe mattci light, a-, 1 do not
wish to be supposed capable of such vanity or misrepresent-
ation, as would be supposed trom Mi. Crittenden's and
your remarks.
1 hope you will not foiget my note to you about Mr.
Houston's mistakes in relation to the San Jacinto affair.
With great respect, your obedient seivant,
O. K. STRIBLING.
To the Hon. A. P. Butler, United Statu, Senate.
Mr. MALLORY. I was not here when the
first assertion of the claim of Captain Stribling
was alluded to by the honorable Senator from
South Carolina, "if I had been present then, my
own recollection of the circumstances would have
corrected it at once. It happened to be neces-
sary for me at one time to look into this very
transaction, and I recollect the circumstances
distinctly; and I can very well see how Captain
Stribling might fall into the error into which he .
did fall. I
There was a celebrated pirate in 1821, named
Domingo, on the coast of Cuba, who kept the
coast, and American commerce particularly, in
terror. Commodore Porter was dispatched to
suppress piracy in those seas. While at the har-
bor of Havana, in the United States ship Sea
Gull, he was informed hy the acting American
consul that the American pilot boat, called The
Pilot of Norfolk, had been captured by the armed
barges of Domingo a few days before, and that
they were committing depredations on the Amer-
ican* commerce off the port of Havana, by rob-
bing American vessels and murdering their crews.
He dispatched four barges in the pursuit. Two
of them, under the command of Captain Stribhng,
went to the windward, and two to the leeward.
The two barges that went to the leeward did not
fall in with the pirate vessel, but the other barges
under Captain Stnbhng fell in with her the same
evening, only seven or eight days after Domingo
had made the capture. They hauled their barges
alongside, and captured her in a handsome man-
ner, and the deed at the time excited a great deal
of admiration among foreign merchants, particu-
larly Americans, at Havana.
Diaboleto was a mulatto man. That was not
his name, but a cognomen given to him, signifying
Little Devil, on account of the desperate charac-
ter of his acts. The capture of Diaboleto by Mr.
Watson was regarded as an exceedingly hand-
some achievement. I do not now remember the
number of men who were killed and wounded;
but the statement read by the Senator from Ken-
tucky the other day revived my recollection of
the transaction. It was regarded at the time as
a brilliant ailair. The two actions were totally
distinct. Captain Stribling was engaged in cap-
turing the pilot boat under Domingo, who was
at that time regarde'd as the principal pirate on
the coast of Cuba.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. Mr. President, if these
explanations have been caused in any degree by
any imputation that my language, on a former
day, was supposed to cast on the character of
Captain Stribhng in relation to these facts, I beg
leave to assure the gentleman and the Senate that
I intended no imputation on Captain Stribling.
I had heard such a character of him a# dispelled
every suspicion on that subject; and I intended
none; I think I made none. I said before, as I
say now, that I have no doubt it was an innocent
mistake, arising altogether from the confusion of
the names of Domingo and Diaboleto. Captain
Stribling has only shown a just and honorable
sensibility in having this matter perfectly under-
stood, as I think it now is.
Mr. BIGGS. Mr. President, I have no dispo-
sition to trespass on the Senate. I think, from
the indications around me, that there is not so
much interest felt in this subject as I had reason
to suppose. I do not wish to postpone its con-
sideration a single moment longer than is neces-
sary for the purpose of having the matter fairly
discussed; and I will now proceed with my
remarks, if such be the sense of the Senate.
Mr. BUTLER. I understand that my friend
from North Carolina desires to submit a full vin-
dication of the board. That being the case, I
trust that he will consent to postpone his remarks
until to-morrow morning, when we shall have a
full Senate. For that reason I move that the
further consideration of the subject be postponed
until to-morrow, and made the special order for
one o'clock.
Mr. IVERSON. I think the Senate is quite
as full now as it will be to-morrow; I consider it
important to dispose of the subject.
Mr. BUTLER. It is not right to the Senator
from North Carolina to ask him to go on at this
hour of the day.
The motion to postpone was agreed to.
CUSTOM-HOUSE AT CLEVELAND.
A message from the House of Representatives,
by Mr. Clllum, their Clerk, announced the pas-
sage of a joint resolution (J. R. No. 12) for en-
larging the custom-house, court-house, and post
office at Cleveland, Ohio; which, on motion of
Mr. Wade, was read, twice by its title, and re-
ferred to the Committee on«Commerce.
VINCENNES AND DUBUQUE LAND OFFICES.
Mr. BRIGHT, (Mr. Weller in the chair.)
I appeal to the Senate to do me the favor now to
take up and consider a bill which I introduced
some time ago, and which has been reported
from the Committee on Public Lands, (S. No.
217,) to continue the land office at Vincenncs,
Indiana, and to ascertain and adjust titles to cer-
tain lands in the States of Indiana and Illinois,
formerly included within the Vmcennes land dis-
trict.
The Senate proceeded, as in Committee of the
Whole, to consider the bill.
Mr. ADAMS. If there is any report in this
case I should like to hear it, or to have some ex-
planation as to the necessity for passing this bill.
Mr. BRIGHT. The bill as originally intro-
duced was intended to reestablish the land office
at Vmcennes, Indiana. Under a general law ot
Congress, whenever the quantity of land in any
district falls below one hundred thousand acres,
the land office must be discontinued. Under this
provision the Vmcennes office has been discon-
tinued, and the books and papers belonging to
that district have been tiansfeired to Indianapolis,
the capital of the State, that being the only land
office now within its limits. There are many
questions of title connected with the lands in the
Vincennes district, which make it proper and even
necessary to have the records within that district.
There is now a commission sitting there trying
the validity of titles between claimants and the
Government; and it is important that they should
have access to the papers.
The whole subject was laid before the Commis-
sioner of the General Land C)fficc, and submitted
by him to the Committee on Public Lands, and
after full investigation the committee determined
to report in favor of reestablishing the office under
such regulations as the commissioner here may
prescribe. A section has been added at the sug-
gestion of the Senator from Iowa reestablishing
a land office in his State. I know but little about
the merits of that case; but I suppose that either
he or the chairman of the Committee on Public
Lands can explain it to the Senate.
Mr. JONES, of Iowa. I will only say, in ■
response to the suggestion of my friend from In-
diana, that the Commissioner of the General
Land Office has approved the continuance of the
land office at Dubuque, Iowa. At Dubuque is
 Jhc sub-treasurer's office for the northwestern
portion of this country. At that point all the
moneys received from sales of puolic lands in
western Wisconsin, and in the whole of Minne-
sota and Iowa, arc deposited. It is a matter of
importance to the Treasury Department that the
land office should be continued there for that pur-
pose, if for no other. The fact that Dubuque is
located in the center of the lead region, and that
there are many difficulties in relation to the titles
of lead lands, is also a consideration requiring
the continuation of the office. The proposition
is strongly recommended by the Commissioner
of the General Land Office, and also by the Sec-
retary of the Treasury, though in a verbal rec-
ommendation.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, read the third time, and passed; and, on
the motion of Mr. Stuart, its title was amended -
so as to read:
A bill to continue the land office at Vincennes,
Indiana,and also at Dubuque, Iowa; and to ascer-
tain and adjust the titles to certain lands in the
States of Indiana and Illinois, formerly included
within the Vincennes land district.
CITY OF VINCENNES.
Mr. BRIGHT. I ask the Senate to favor me
further by taking up Senate bill No. 263, to
transfer certain rights and duties conferred upon
the trustees of the town of Vincennes, Indiana,
to the common council of the city of Vincennes.
The bill was read the second time, and consid-
ered as m Committee of the Whole.
It proposes to transfer to the city council all
the rights and duties conferred upon the trustees
of the town of Vincennes, under the act entitled
" An act to adjust the claims to lots in the town
of Vincennes, and for the sale of the land appro-
priated as a common for the use of the inhabit-
ants of the said town," approved April20,1818.
Mr. STUART. I have before me the act of
1818, to which this bill refers, and wluch can be
lead if any Senator desires it; but I can explain
its effect m a word or two. Certain rights in
respect to lots and a public common were con-
ferred on the town of Vmcennes by the act of 1818.
That government has been changed to a city gov-
ernment, and doubts have arisen whether the city
authorities, which are the successors of the town
organization, can exercise those powers. This •
bill simply declares that the same powers which
were conferred on the town authorities shall be
exercised by the city authorities.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, read the third time and passed.
ENROLLED BILL SIGNED.
A message from the House of Representatives
by Mr. Cullom, their Clerk, announced that the
Speaker of the House had signed the bill to alter
and amend an act entitled i'An act to establish
the circuit court of the United States in and
for the State of California," approved March 3,
1855; which was thereupon signed by the Presi-
dent pro tempore.
RINALDO AND ANN E. JOHNSON.
On motion of Mr. WADE, the bill (S. No.
255) for the relief of the legal representatives of
Rinaldo Johnson and Ann E. Johnson, deceased,
and read a second time, and considered as in Com-
mittee of the Whole.
Its purpose is to direct the proper accounting
■ officers of the Treasury to audit the claims of*
i thr legal representatives of Rinaldo and Ann E.
; Johnson, for tobacco destroyed by the British in
! 1814, at the warehouse at iVlagruder's ferry, in
Prince George's county, Maryland; and, from
such competent proof as may be exhibited to
them within six months after the passage of the
act, to ascertain the quantity and value of tlioir
