1856.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1055
upon the table;, which latter motion was agreed
to.
SECURITY OF LIVES ON STEAM-VESSELS.
Mr. COX, by unanimous consent, introduced'
the following resolution; which was read, con-
sidered, and agreed to:
Rewlvci^ That > lie Committee on Commerce be instructed
to mquuu into the expediency of amending the law pro
VKlmsr for the better vecmity of the lives of passengers: on
board''of vessels propelled in whole or m pait by steam, as
to exempt trom the provisions thereof all vessels of one
hundred and fifty tons or less burden, employed in the nav-
igation of small streams, and in seasons of low water; and
that said committee repoit by bill or otherwise.
MILWAUKIE CUSTOM-HOUSE.
Mr. WELLS. I ask the unanimous consent
of the House to offer a joint resolution, to which,
I presume, there will be no objection.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman will state
for what purpose he offers the resolution. Is it
for reference ?
Mr. WELLS. No, sir; I wish to have it put
upon its passage now.
The resolution was reported, as follows:
Joint Resolution for enlarging: the custom-house, post office,
and court-house, at Mihvaukie, Wisconsin.
Resolved by the Senate and House of Representatives of the
United States of America in Coji%ress0 assembled, That Hie
Secietaiy of the Tiea*ury be, and he is hereby, authonzed
to extend the building now in process of conjunction at
Milwaukie, for a custom-house, post officc, court room*,
&c.,not exceeding twenty-five feet in length, and erect
proper vaults therein, if, in hio di^cietion, the public interest
rcquues the same: Provided, That Mich extension can be
completed at an expense not exceeding $33,000, including
ten per cent, for contingencies; winch sum, oi to much
thereof as shall be necessary, hereby appmpnated nut of
anv money lemainmg m the Treasury not othei \vi>e appro-
priated : And -provided further* That no money <*hali be
paid uridci this joint resolution unlil the Secretary ot the
Treaaity shall contract lb. the completion of said building
so extended at a cost within the sum heietoforc and heieb\
apptopnafed.
Mr. WHITNEY. 1 object.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. Has the morning
hour yet commcnced?
The SPEAKER. The morning hour has not
commenced yet.
Mr. JONES. Then I call for the regularorder
of business.
NEBPwA°,ICi CONTESTED-ELECTION.
Mr. PHELPS. I believe the regular order of
busriess is the report of the Comnuttee of Elec-
tions on the Nebraska contested election.
The SPEAKER. Tnat is the first question.
Mr. PHELPS. I was about to suggest to the
gentleman who made thcreport in this case, [Mr.
Watson,] that the same reason exists for the
postponement of the further consideration of this
case as existed the other day, when the gentle-
man moved to postpone it. I understood at that
tipic that it was postponed for the purpose of
allowing: the gentleman from Georgia [Mr. Ste-
phens] to submit a minority report.
Mr. WATSON. I desire to say a word on
this subject. So far as I am concerned I am con-
tent to postpone this case till to-morrow. I cannot,
for my pan, consent to have it go over till a later
day, for the reason that I have made my arrange-
nr nts to go home, and desire to leave here on
Thursday if I can. I have paired off with a gen-
tleman from South Carolina; and I wish to have
this case disposed of while I am here. I want
to extend every courtesy to gentlemen, but still
I want to have the case disposed of before I leave.
Mr. PHELPS. I will state to the House why
I make this suggestion, and what I desire to do
this morning, if I have the consent of the House.
The Senate returned the deficiency bill yesterday,
and Tdesire to have it taken up, but cannot do
so until this matter is disposed of. I therefore
move that the further consideration of the report
of the Committee of Elections be postponed till
to-morrow.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. If the matter be
passed over informally, can it not be called up at
anv time ?
The SPEAKER. If passed over informally
it can be called up at any time. It is a question
of privilege.
Mr. JONES. It is a question of privilege of
the highest older, and can be called up at any
time if passed over informally.
Mr. WATSON. I desire'that it may not be
passed over informally. I would rather have it
postponed to a day certain, and thenhavaitcalled
up in regular order.
Mr. COBB, of Georgia. Before the motion be
made that this contested-election case of Nebraska
be postponed till to-morrow, it is due to the gen-
tleman from Ohio, who has very kindly consented
to a postponement heretofore, and who now pro-
poses to have it further postponed till to-morrow,
to state to him, and to the House, frankly, that
the reasons which induced the sitting Delegate to
ask for a postponement will operate~as strongly
to-morrow as they do to-day. It was desirable
that my colleague, [Mr. Stephens,] who is now
absent, but who will return during the present
week, should be here, m order that he might have
an opportunity of presenting a minority report
in this case. Asa matter of course, that minority
report cannot be presented to-morrow, because
he has not yet returned; and, while it would be
very inconvenient to the gentleman from Ohio—
and I regret it, after the courtesy which he has
manifested m this matter—it is yet due to candor
to say that justice to the claims of the sitting
member will require that he should ask a post-
ponement of this matter until next week.
I make this statement now, because otherwise
it might be supposed that we were committed to
the consideration of this case to-morrow, if we
remained silent while the gentleman from Ohio
made the suggestion to postpone it. Or I would
make a further suggestion that, in order to meet
the difficulty presented by the anticipated absence
of the gentleman from Ohio, this matter may be
postponed until his return. It can then be con-
sidered, and justice can be done. At the expira-
tion of four or live months, I apprehend that a
further delay of two weeks is a matter of very
little importance. It is far more important that
justice be done between these contestants and the
people of Nebraska in having this matter setiled
correctly, thim the mere consideration of who
shall occupy the seatdurmg the next two weeks.
If the gentleman from Ohio expects to be absent
for that length of time, I move to postpone the
further consideration of this matter until this day
two weeks.
Mr. WATSON. I would suggest, if it be post-
poned at all, that it be postponed until my return.
J would dislike to have it fixed for this day two
weeks, for I will not be back at that time.
Mr. COBB. Name the day. Let the gentle-
man designate any day he wishes. This day
throe weeks >
Mr. WATSON. This day three weeks would
suit me better.
Mr. PHELPS. Then I modify my motion so
as to have it postponed till this day three weeks.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. It seems to
be understood by tiie House, or by some genile-
men. that the gentleman from Georgia, who is a
member of the "Committee of Elections, has made
up his mind in relation to this question, and is
opposed to the report made by the committee.
Now, I do not understand it so. 1 do not under-
stand that he has ever expressed any opinion in
relation to this question, or that he has ever desired
to be heard upon it; but he did say, before he
went away, that there were two cases which he
hoped might not be taken up during his absence.
This was not one of them. In relation to this he
made no request. But since he has been gone,
and since the report has been made in this ease,
it has been suggested to the committee that pos-
sibly, if he were here, he might disagree with
the majority of the committee, and might like to
make a minority report; and the question now
before the House is, whether it will postpone this
question for two or three weeks, in order that the
gentleman from Georgia may look into a case
which he has not yet examined, and on which
; he has not formed an opinion. If in this case
i the House choose to postpone it for two or three
| weeks, I moke no objection; but I do think that
i it is not the proper way to do the business of this
| Hou&e.
! Mr. COBB. It is due to myself, as well as to
my absent colleague, to state that 1 have had no
conversation with him on this subject: I know
nothing personally of his views in regard to it.
The information that I have I derived from the
sitting Delegate, who informs me that, from a con-
versation which he had with my colleague m
reference to the legal questions involved in this
case, he understood from my colleague, that he
considered the law to be with#iim, the sitting
Delegate ia this matter; and the impression made
on his mind was that my colleague did not ex-
pect this matter to be acted upon until his retu-n.
He, the sitting Delegate, is fully impressed with
the idea that my colleague agrees with him in
relation to the law controlling this matter. I un-
derstand that it involves more of legal questions
than mere matters of fact. I have not examined
the case myself, and am not prepared to gm any
opinion in regard to it. I make this statcmentin
justice to my colleague who is absent, and in jus-
tice to the sitting Delegate, from whom I derive
my information, and at whose instance I made the
motion to postpone. *
Mr. COLFAX. I had a conversation with the
gentleman from Georgia before he left this city,
m relation to the business before the Committee
of Elections. He stated to me that he desired
that the cases of Archer and Allen of Illinois, and
of Whitfield and Reoder of Kansas, would not be
decided by the committee during his absence,
which lie supposed would continue until the 15th
of this month; and in reference to these cases, if
taken up, and acted on by the committee before
the 15th of April, or before his return, I was to
pair off with him during his absence. He said
nothing whatever in regard to the Nebraska con-
test. He did not intimate any request that this
case should be postponed. He merely desired
that the Kansas contested election and the Illi-
nois case should be postponed until his return.
Mr. CHAPMAN. I was not personally ac-
quainted with the gentleman from Georgia [Mr.
Stephens] until a day or two before he left the
city. I then called upon him at his room, for the
purpose of having some conversation with him
as a member of the Committee of Elections. He
asked several questions, the answers to which,
he saul, left the impression full^ upon his mind
that the law of the case was upon my side.
" And," said he," no report will be made against
you in my absence." I was not aware, of hw
being about to leave the city until then. He told
mo that he should leave the next, day, or the day
after. I have been informed that he did leave the
city the morning after. I have not heard from
him since. I will state to the House that there
are important facts in the ease upon which it is
very desirable that I should be heard through a
minority report. I trust that the postponement
which has been asked for will take place.
Mr. CADWALADER. We are informed that
in this case a grave question will arise, on which
we will be required to act judicially. 1 desire
time to investigate this question. I have relied
upon the member of the committee from Georgia,
[Mr. SrErHi;>;s,] who is absent, for information
upon the subject; and, therefore, have omitted to
investigate it. I understand that the question to
aris* will be, whether persons within the Indian
territory, in fraud and m violation of the laws of
the United States, were within the legal definition
of " inhabitants," and entitled, as such, to vote at
the election in controversy? I learn that this is
not the only question of doubt or difficulty which
will be presented. I therefore unite in the ap-
peal which has been made to the courtesy and
justice of the majority of the committee, and
hope that they will net oppose the application for
a postponementuntil the return of the gentleman
from Georgia. It is always convenient that the
views of opposite sides of such questions should
be presented, m the first instance, by members
of the standing committees; and I wish to defer
the examination of the subject until it shall have
been thus presented from the committee. As yet,
views on one side only have been presented;
and, as I understand that the committee were
not unanimous, I particularly wish to hear both
sides.
Mr. WATSON. I have a very great aversion
to pressing a matter of this kind upon the
House. 1 do not think, however, that the ques-
tion spoken of by the gentleman from Pennsyl-
vania can arise m this case. 1 would ask him
simply to look for himself—"which lie can do in
twenty minutes—to the report and to the Indian
treaties, so far as they affect the case: I will give
him the volume, pa<re, and section. I think that
it is a matter upon which he will be able to inform
himself m thirty minutes. He will find the law
to which 1 refer m the seventh volume of the
Statutes at Large, page 330, section 10. It is in
relation to certain half-breed Indians. Admitting,
for the sake of argument, that trespasses have
