1856.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1929
gentleman haw made a statement of my saying
to him what, if [ understand him aright, I neve
uttered f> him or to any other man. If the gen- I
tleman declines to be interrupted, I insist he will
not say that.
Mr. GROW. Not say what ?
Mr. DUNN. That I made a statement to him
that I did not want my bill reported.
Mr. GROW. I cume to you during the terri-
torial week, while you were sitting in your seat,
and I told you chat I would report that bill before
the time expired. You said you would like to
have your bill to offer as a substitute to the State
bill. I said you could not get an opportunity, I
thought, for I intended to e^ll the previous ques-
tion; and remarked, why not offer it as a substi-
tute to the Senate bill. You said that, if you could
do that, it was all you wanted. I told you that,
so far as I was concerned, you should have the
opportunity of doing it. You took the bill out of
my possession, and kept it until a few days ago
you offered it as a substitute to the Senate bill.
These are the facts.
Mr. DUNN. I prepared another bill, and
introduced it after the gentleman had wholly
failed, for many months, to make any report on
my bill at all. For that purpose I got the bill
from the gentleman, as lie says, and having used
it in preparing a new bill, which has since passed
the House, I returned it to the gentleman. It
is quite likely, when 1 had so long failed to get
any action of the connmttec, and at last found a
means of getting the matter before the House
regardless of that inaction, that I expressed then
an indifference to what the committee might or
might not do, for f certainly felt indifferent, as I
was then no longer restrained by their neglect of
the subject.
Mr. GROW. We never declined to report it
at all.
Mr. DUNN. But never did report it.
Mr. WINSLOW. I call the gentlemen to
order. They ought to address the Chair.
Mr. GROW. I will do it, sir. During the
week allotted to territorial business, the commit-
tee reported all of the bills in their handy, except
some bills which gentlemen of the, committee had
in charge, and which they did not care about re-
porting.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio. I propose to make
a point of oider.
Mr. GROW. I will come back to the question.
Mr. CAMPBELL. This debate on both sides
is not peitinent, cither m favor of or against the
amendment.
The CHAIRMAN, The Chair is of opinion
that the ponu of order is well taken, and that the
debate has taken too wide a latitude.
Mr. GRO W. I only desired to vindicate the
Committee on Terntoiiis. Now one word moie;
I am opposed to the amendment of the gentleman
from Indiana.
Mr. ELLIOTT. L move that the committee
do now use.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I hope the committee will
first finish the Kansas business.
The motion was not agreed to.
Mr. DUNN withdrew his amendment to Mr.
Sherman's amendment.
The question recurred oil Mr. Sherman's
amendment; and being taken, the amendment was
agreed to—ayes 67, noes 57.
P*lr. GROW. I move to strike out of the bill
lines seven hundred and eighty-nine, seven hun-
dred and ninety, and seven hundred and ninety-
one, as follows:
For compensation and mihsr;
iative A^srniblj. o!licc;>, clOik-
of the .Assembly. ^-X.UiKh
I do not propose to discuss the amendment.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio. I am opposed to
that amendment, though 1 am in favor ot voting
for it. [Laughter.]
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. GROW. I offer the following amendment,
to come in m the place of that just stricken out:
Provided. Timtilie money Sierebv appropriated shall p.ot
be paid until ali acts and proceeding whatsoever of the
body ot' men a--ouibJod at Shawnee Mission, 111 the Tera-
toid of Kansas, clannei;' to be the Legislative A-^ernbiy lor
said Termor}, aie declared mopeidtive and void.
Mr. PHELPS. 1 rise to a question of order.
The last clause of the appropriations for Kansas
> of member of'the Lepis- :
, and contingent expends ,
has been stricken out; I submit that there is
nothing to which to attach the amendment.
Mr. GROW. I propose to attach my amend- .
ment to the bill at the point 1 have indicated. If
the provision to which the gentleman alludes has
been stricken out, I move to amend whatever
goes before it.
The CHAIRMAN. It is the opinion of the
Chair that there is nothing left under the head of
" Territory of Kansas" which is amendable. If
there was anything it would be the amendment
of the gentleman from Ohio which has been
adopted.
Mr. GROW. Very well, I will offer it to
that.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. As I understand
the state of things it is this: the gentleman from
Ohio [Mr. Sherman] moved to amend the last
clause but one under the head of " Territory of
Kansas," and that amendment was agreed to.
The committee then passed on to the next and
last clause under that head which was stricken
out. It is not in order to go back, and I therefore
submit that there is nothing undei that head
which can be amended.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair is of opinion
that the committee have passed the clause of the
bill to which the amendment of the gentleman
from Ohio was adopted, and the committee hav-
ing stricken out the only remaining clause under
tins head, there is nothing left to amend.
Mr. GROW. It seems to me there must be
some point at which it is proper to affix an
amendment lestiicling the expenditure of this
money. I do not care where it comes in. This
is the last amendment I have to offer, and I de-
sire that it shall come in at some point.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair is of opinion
that the amendment is not in order.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I am directed by the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means to offer the following
amendment:
After the word-. " Judicium.—For salaries of the Chief
Ju-t!<*eof me tfupiciiit' Couit and ecjht A.->ociate Judge*,
q'J ni'-i'iUt's follow^:
For sdhnj of the circuit judge of Calilorma, 4,500.
Mr. Chairman, I will merely state that this
estimate is to be found in executive document No.
62, and will detain the committee no further.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I move that the
committee take a lecess.
Mr. CAMPiJELL. If the gentleman will with-
diciw his motion, I will move that this bill be laid
aside, and the Navy appropriation bill be taken
up.
Mr. JONES. I withdraw the motion for that
purpose.
Air. CAMPBELL. I move that this bill be
informally laid aside, and that the Navy appro-
pnation bill ho taken up.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. JONES. I now move that the committee
take a recess until seven o'clock this evening.
The motion was agreed to; and the committee
accordingly (at a quarter-past five o'clock) took
a recess until seven o'clock, p. m.
EVENING SESSION.
The committee resumed its session at seven
o'clock, (Mr. Norton in the chair,) the Navy
appropriation bill being under consideration.
Speeches upon the general politics of the coun-
try were made by Messrs. CRAGIN, UNDER-
WOOD, and LEITER, which are withheld for
revision, and will be published m the Appendix.
Mr. READY obtained the floor, but yielded it to
Mr. UNDERWOOD, who moved that the
committee use.
The motion was agreed to.
And the committee rose; and Mr. Underwood
having taken the chair as Speaker pi o tempore,
Mr. Norton reported that the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union had, according
to order, had the state of the Union generally
under consideration, and particularly the Navy
appropriation bill, and had come to no resolution
thereon
And then, on motion of Mr. UNDERWOOD,
(at ten o'clock,) the House adjourned until to-
morrow at eleven o'clock, a. m.
IN SENATE.
Tuesday, August 5, 1856.
Prayer by the Chaplain of the House of Rep-
resentatives, Rev. Daniel Waldo.
The J ounial of yesterday was read and approved.
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATIONS.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore laid before the
Senate a communication from the President of
the United States in answer 'o a resolution of the
Senate requesting a copy of papers touching
; recent events m the Territory of'Washington,
i transmitting a report of th" Secucary of State,
j and the documents bywhhh k was accompanied;
I which, on moiion of Mr. Cass, was referred to
! the Committee on Territories, and ordered to be
j printed.
j He ahsolaid before the Semite a communication
i from the President of the United States, trans-
1 mitting a report of the Secretary of War in re-
! sponse to a resolution of the Senate calling for
■ information m relation i<> instructions issued to
' any military officer m command m Kansas to
' disperse any unarmed meeting of the people of
i that Territory, or to prevein, by military power,
; any assemblage of the people of that Territory;
; which, on motion of Mr. S;;w\iui, was referred
! to the 'onunitu'o on Te-• ihn ies. and ordered to
! be printed.
i He also laid before th." Senate a report from the
Secretary of Stare, communicating, m compliance
with a resolution of tin Senate, information re-
specting the transportation of laborers now car-
ried on from the continent of Asia or the Asiatic
islands to English or Spanish colonies m America,
or to th/* Chmcha Islands, under tin designation
of the Chinese c.oohe slave trade, with statistics
showing' the saciifice of human life resulting from
that traffic; which was read.
Mr. SEWARD. The resolution calling for
these papers was submitted, I think, by the hon-
orable Senator from Louisiana. [Mr. P>eniamin,]
on consultation with the Committee on Com-
merce. He is now absent, and I suggest that they
be In id on the table, and ordered to be punted.
The motion was agieed to.
PETITIONS A Nil MEMORIALS.
Mr. IVERSON presented the memorial of John
XL WaS'ganian, praying that the decision of the
Court of Claims against his claim for arrears of
pay due for his services as a clerk in the General
Land Office may be reversed, or that his case may
be referred for a rehearing to that court; which
was referred to the Committee on Claims.
Mr. STUART presented the petition of James
L. Cafheart, praying that an appropriation may
be made for testing his invention of an improved
method ofattaehingships'propellers to the driving
shaft; which was referred to the Committee on
Commerce.
Mr. DODGE presented live petitions of citizens
of Wisconsin, praying for a grant of public lands
to aid m the construction of the Milwaukee,
} loncon, and Lake Superior railroad; which were
referred to ihe Committee on Public Lands.
Mr. YULEE presented the petition of S. P.
Todd, a purser m the Navy, praying to bo re-
leased from liability for certain public stores lost
or stolen while in his custody; which was referred.
TREASON IN KANSAS.
?vlr. SEWARD. It becomes my duty to pre-
sent to tin. Senate, this morning, a petition relat-
ing to a subject winch agitates the country from
one frontier to the other, and which is itself of deep
and touching interest. It is the petition of George
W. Smuh, G. W. Hrown, Gaius Jenkins, George
W. Deit/.ler, ant' Chailes Robinson, who are in-
dicted and held as prisoners in close custody in
the Tei ritory of Kansas for the crime of treason,
and of John j^rown, Jr., and Henry H. Williams,
who, although not indicted, are held, after a pre-
liminary examination, in close custody in the
same T'eiiitoiy on the chaige of tieason against
the United States. The petition comes from them
m their place of confinement, which is tho
" cam}) of the United States cavalry, near Le-
compton, m the Territory of Kansas."
The petition calls the attention of the Senate
of the United States to what is a matter of noto-
riety throughout the whole Union, that a divided
State of public opinion exists in the Territory of
Kansas on political topics, and that this division
