1856.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Mr. FLORENCE. And it becomes another
resolution.
The CLERK. On reflection, the Clerk thinks
the motion to lay on the table is in order.
Mr. DOWDELL. I move that the House do
now adjourn.
The question was put; and the motion was not
agreed to.
Mr. FLORENCE. I demand the yeas and
nays upon the motion to lay upon the table.
Mr. CLINGMAN. I withdraw mv amend-
ment, as it is intimated to me that gentlemen are
willing that an adjournment should be had, in
case the resolution passes.
The CLERK. The Clerk thinks the gentleman
cannot withdraw it, inasmuch as the original
mover has accepted it. The pending question is
a motion to lay the resolution, as modified upon
the table.
Mr. FLORENCE. Upon that I demand the
yeas and nays.
Mr. HICKMAN. I withdraw, Mr. Clerk, my
acceptance of the modification suggested hy the
gentleman from North Carolina, and allow the
resolution to stand as it was originally presented.
Mr. FLORENCE. I object to its withdrawal.
The CLERK. The gentleman from Pennsyl-
vania proposes to allow the resolution to stand as
originally presented; but the Clerk thinks that,
inasmuch as when tne motion was made to lay
upon the table, the proposition was a different
one from that which was first ordered, the House
should take a vote on the resolution as it now
stands.
Mr. McMTJLLIN. I wish to make a sugges-
tion. If the gentleman from Pennsylvania will
withdraw his modification, I will withdraw the
motion to lay upon the table.
JV^r. HICKMAN. I withdraw it.
Mr. FLORENCE. I object to the withdrawal
Mr. CLINGMAN. The gentleman has aright
to withdraw his motion.
The CLERK. The Cleric thinks he has a right
to withdraw it, and understands he docs with-
draw it.
Mr. FLORENCE. I renew the motion.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I would be glad if
the gentleman from Pennsylvania would with-
draw his motion, for the purpose of affording an
opportunity to vote upon the proposition of my
colleague, [Mr. Letcher,] referring the question
to the high contracting parties—the prominent
candidates for the speakership.
The CLERK. Debate is not in order. The
resolution now stands as originally offered by the
gentleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Hickman.]
The gentleman from Virginia withdrew the mo-
tion to lay upon the table; and the gentleman from
Pennsylvania has renewed it, and demanded the
yeas and nays.
Mr. FLORENCE. If my colleague has the
right to withdiaw his acceptancc of the modifi-
cation proposed by the gentleman from North
Carolina, [Mr. Clingman,] and has done so,
leaving the resolution to stand as originally pre-
sented, I will not insist upon- my motion.
Mr. HTCKMAN. I propose to leave the reso-
lution 111 its original shape.
Mr. GREENWOOD. 1 move that the House
do now adjourn.
The question was taken; and the motion was
not agreed to.
The yeas and nays were then ordered on the
passage of the resolution. ,
Mr. TRIPPE. A demand for the previous
question was made, and no vote has been taken
upon the question whether the previous question
shall he now put.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. It makes no dif-
ference, as we can come directly to a vote upon
the proposition now.
Mr. TRIPPE. 1 said that no vote had been
taken upon the demand for the previous question.
I would inquire of the Clerk, whether that mo-
tion us not pending?
The CLERK. The Clerk understood the gen-
tleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. Hjckman] to
withdraw the demand for the previous question,
and demanded the yeas and nays directly upon
the passage of the resolution.
Mr. TRIPPE. Then 1 understand that-the
call for the previous question is withdrawn. Such
being the case, I offer as an amendment, by way
of substitute for the resolution, the resolution
which -I send to the Clerk's desk.
The resolution was read, as follows:
Resolved, That the Hon. William Smith, of Virginia,
be, and lie is hereby, declared Speaker of the House of Rep-
resentatives, for the Thirtv-Fourth Congress.
Mr. TRIPPE. Now, Mr. Clerk, in the posi-
tion in which the House stands, with a sort of
gag law impending over our votes by this plural-
ity resolution, and with the imputations against
the party with whicM-am acting standing unan-
swered, I shall avail myself of this opportunity as
a Representative of a portion of the people of
this country, upon this floor; and still further, if
you please, as a representative of a portion of
the American party, to place the record of that
party in reference to this plurality resolution
where itshouldbeplaccd. I desire that that record
will speak, so that the people of this country will
understand it. I tried to do it yesterday, but I was
gagged off by the previous question.
1 have offered an amendment to the plurality
resolution of the gentleman from Pennsylvania
[Mr. Hickman] as an alternative proposition;
and upon it, as such, I shall submit what I have
to say to the House. Thfc proposition is now
before us as an alternative proposition. A direct
vote must first be taken upon it as an alternative,
in lieu of the plurality resolution. The choice is
presented to our friends of the Democratic party:
if they reject this proposition, and allow the plu-
rality rule to be adopted, tliey know—every mem-
ber of the House knows—they have been told it
again and again by members of every party, and
I, sir, as a member of the American party, now
repeat that information to them—that it will result
inevitably in the election of Mr. Banks. Sir, let
me say now, that I will never vote for your man
under such duress as you propose. I will never
vote for your plurality rule. I will resist, to the
utmost of my ability, this celebrated doctrine
of absorption" in a new form, by which the
strongerpartij in the House is to '* absoib" the weaker
without a hearing That, I suppose, is intended
to be the effect of the adoption of your plurality
rule, as every one inferred from the remarks
made this morning by the gentleman from North
Carolina, [Mr. Clingman.]
Mr. BARCLAY. I rise to a question of order.
The gentleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Hick-
man,] who offered the plurality resolution, called
the previous question upon it, and he has not
withdrawn tfle call. No debate is therefore in
order; and the gentleman from Georgia is out of
order in proceeding with his remarks.
Mr. TRIPPE. It is too late now to raise a
question of order.
The CLERK. The Clerk thinks the gentle-
man from Georgia is in order. The demand for
the previous question was withdrawn by the gen-
tleman who made it. The floor was then assigned
to the gentleman from Georgia, and he is now
proceeding in order.
Mr. TRIPPE. Let the House and the country
distinctly understand the effect of the votes that
are now to be taken. The first vote that is to be
taken is upon the passage of the amendment
1 have offered as an independent proposition.
If it is adopted, the question will then come up
i upon the passage of the resolution as amended.
' The question fust to be taken is upon an alterna-
tive between the proposition I have offered and
the adoption of the plurality rule, which, I again
repeat, will result in the election of Mr. Banks.
Let it be put upon the record.
I speak fur myself, and I believe I speak for
nineteen-twentieths of the qiembors of the party
with whom I am acting in the House, when I
say, that the adoption of the plurality rule will
result in the election of Mr. Banks. We tell
you beforehand what will bo its effect. We will
not agree to the adoption of the plurality prin-
ciple, and then be told that we must take the re-
sponsibility of the election of Mr. Banks, because
we could have voted for your man under the
operation of that rule, l^lie gentleman from j
North Carolina [Mr. Clingman] told the House, {
this morning, that he intended, by offering this !
plurality rule, to force us to vote for the Demo- ■
cratic candidate, or take the responsibility of ;
electing the gentleman from Massachusetts. Sir, ,
that is a pnnciplc of driving under a pressure j
which he will never be able to accomplish. He j
will never be able to force us into the ranks of |
the Democracy by any such means. If you force
a collar round my neck, £ will fight to the: death"'
before you shall put upon it the inscription, " My,
dog." ' ^ =*
bir, we are Americans, and as Americans we
now assert our independence; we now $vow our' -
right, as members of this "House, representing,
independent constituencies, to act as we please in
the final ballot we may be compelled to take.'
We will not be driven in.to any man's support/
We have our candidate, we are satisfied with our *
position, and we shall maintain the position we
have heretofore occupied until the end:, unless"
you consent to some honorable and satisfactory
mode of settling this great question of organiza-'
tion, or unless you assist us to adopt the amend-
ment I have presented as an alternative proposi-
tion. I will vote for itas such, and I am sure that
I would vote for it upon its final passage, rather
than be gagged, as is threatened, into choosing-
between the election of Mr. Banks and the nominee
of the Democratic party. *
Now, gentleman upon the Democratic side of"
the House, the tender is made. It is upon the
record; there it is. I have presented the name
of the distinguished gentleman from Virginia, not
as a member of the American party. He is one
of yourselves; he has acted with you from the
beginning. If you refuse to agree to the amend-
ment, and take the plurality proposition in lieu of
it, with the certainty, as you have been told again
and again, and as you know yourselves, beyond
all question, that it will result in the election of
Mr. Banks, you can have your preference, and'
upon you will rest the responsibility. In accord-
ance with the request of several gentlemen, I
move the previous question.
Mr. CLINGMAN. That is right, if the gen-
tleman demands the previous question. J was
about to call it myself.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. Mr. Clerk, have
I the floor?
The CLERK. The gentleman has the floor,
but the previous question has been moved, which
will preclude the gentleman from any debate.
Mr. JONES. I hope the gentleman from.
Georgia will not insist upon his demand for the
previous question. I ask him to withdraw it for
a moment. I will renew it.
Mr. CLINGMAN. I demand the previous
question, and I insist upon it.
Mr. JONES. The gentleman has not the floor
to demand it. And I will remark to the gentle-
man from Georgia, that, if he persists m his-
demand, it will cut off his amendment.
Mr. TRIPPE. I do not so understand it.
The CLERK. The operation of the previous
question will not, in the opinion of the Clerk 
have the effect to cut off the gentleman's amend-
ment.
Mr. JONES. We arc now acting under par-
liamentary law, which makes the previous ques-
tion cut off all propositions to amend, and brings
the House to a direct vote upon the main propo-
sition. There was a special rule adopted by the
House at the last and m former Congresses, by
which a vote upon the amendment pending was
allowed to be tak. n after the previous question had
been sustained.
The CLERK. The House has acted under the
construction indicated by the Clerk during the
present session. The question was raised, and
decided by the House.
Mi. JONES. I have no recollection of any
such decision. The parliamentary law is explicit
upon the subject, and we are acting under parlia-
mentary law.
Mr. COBB, of Georgia. If the Clerk will allow
me, I recollect the discussion that took place
upon this point of order some time since, during
the present session; and I recollect distinctly that
no decision was made by the House upon the
subject. It is true that the House acquiesced in
the decision indicated by tiie Clerk, though not
by any direct vote; but it is nevertheless tiue that
such a course of proceeding is in direct conflict
with parliamentary law. In accordance with par-
liamentary law, if a motion to amend is made
before the demand for the previous question, the
motion first made must be first put to the House.
The question cannot be put upon ordering the
mam question to be now put, until the vote has
been taken upon the amendment. _ Therefore, if
my colleague [Mr. Trippe] insists upon his
