I960.)
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL ©LOBS.
3f#
34th Cong....1st Sess.
Naval Retiring Board—Mr. Clayton.
Senate.
referred to the report of the inspecting officers as
the cause which influenced Captain Stribling in
removing Captain Boarman from the active list,
it may be proper to remark, that Captain Boarman
was merely the medium of communication with
the Department, and was in no way responsible
for the report; he rather softfened it, by saying in
few-warding it to the Secretary of the Navy, that
" the result of the examination was not so satis-
factory as desired." If Captain Stribling had
been governed by such motives as have been
attributed to him by the honorable Senator, would
he riot have shown it toward the officers who
made the report, and not to Captain Boarman ?
But aU the officers who inspected the San Jacinto
and made the report, were retained on the active
list, and two of them were promoted; this does
not look as if Captain Stribling had been gov-
erned by improper motives in this case.
The honorable Senator has referred to Captain
Stribling as the superintendent of the Naval
Academy, and has used very harsh terms in
eondemnation of his conduct. Captain Stribling
was superintendent of the Naval Academy, from
the 1st of July, 1850, to the 1st of November,
1853. During this period a further change was
made in the organization of the Naval Academy,
aad the present system adopted.
At three examinations of midshipmen for
promotion, made by officers for this and other
purposes, the conduct of Captain Stribling was
highly commended by these officers; ana the
Secretary of the Navy, in his annual reports to
the President, favorably notices-his management
of the Academy, and on the 28th of September,
1853, a month before Captain Stribling was de-
tached, the Secretary, in a letter to him says:
"It affords me sincere pleasure to say, that since my
cenncction with the Department, I have found you diligent,
capable, and faithful in tlie discharge of the duties incum-
bent on you as superintendent of the Naval Academy."
The whole course of Captain Stribling, so far
as I know, during his connection with the Naval !
Academy, was approved by those in authority, !'
and commended by his brother officers, who took
an interest in the success of the system adopted,
during his administration, for the education of
the younger officers of the Navy.
Mr. President, I do not wish to consider the
members of this board individually. I desire to
take them as a corporal body—as an entity, as we
lawyers say—something of which I can speak—
whose judgments are unjust—something whose
organization is odious ana repulsive to the com-
mon-law notions of this country—something
whose judgments have had an operation that must
be regarded as taking its origin in a statute which
was never properly considered by the Department
from which it emanated. That is the light in
which to consider this board. In that point of
view I stand here and say now, as I have said
before, that it is a tribunal which has conducted
its proceedings in darkness under a law that was
Wrong. This decision has been blindly adopted.
It may be an advisory board, if you choose to
call it so; but its action has been adopted as a
whole. I shall not abate one tittle of my opposi-
tion to this law, or to the conduct of the President
or die Secretary of the Navy under it; but I will
not attack any one member of the board. 1 act
upon the supposition that they decided, as any
other judge would do, under the high obligations
of duty. I have no right to do so. I am here in
an official capacity. Speaking on my official
responsibility, I regard the board in the light of
ft master in chancery in England. When the
chancellor is called upon to decide upon questions
of charity, or the rights of parties noldmg office
in the Church or in a corporation, he refers the
subject to his master in chancery, who ascertains
tbe facts. What sort of a decision would it be
if the master were to come to a conclusion and
decide the case without reporting to the chancel-
lor himself the proceedings? Would it be sub-
mitted to?
!• desire to see the evidence on which these
gentlemen proceeded. I am told that a lawyer
advised them that, as the board was not a court
of record, if they took down evidence, they might
be indicted for libel. I should like to know who
that lawyer was. I do not know who he was, or
what was his motive, or how fkr he was subserv-
ing the ends of some members of the board; but,
when that advice was given, it was given by one
who, it appears to me, did not learn his lessons
from the fountain of justice. !
Mr. CLAYTON. I gave the floor to the hon-
orable Senator from South Carolina for the pur-
pose of making an explanation—not for the
purpose of making a speech of great length. If
he has an explanation to make merely, and will
be through in a few moments, I have no objection
to the honorable Senatorproceeding; bat he seems
to be engaged in an argument of the general ques-
tion.
Mr. BUTLER. I will make my explanation,
and then I will leave my friend from Delaware to
make his argument. I am very much indebted
to him for the intimation that I may make the
explanation, and he can make the argument. I
will proceed to make my explanation.
Two days ago I received a most respectful letter
from Lieutenant De Camp, in which he called my
attention to certain remarks which I made on this
floor some time since, implicating him, as he
supposed, in preferring charges against Captain
Pettigru. It is a very respectful letter, written
by a gentleman, in the highest spirit of justice,
and appealing to my sense of justice. Now, sir,
I desire both Lieutenant De Camp and Captain
Pettigru to understand what I say in reference to
them. I did say that Captain Pettigru had been
dismissed from the Navy on charges filed in the
Navy Department by Lieutenant De Camp, but
I did not say that Lieutenant DeCamp had exer-
cised any active agency in preferring them before
the board, or that he was the proseeutor of Cap- t
tain Pettigru before the board. I said they were i
latent charges in the Navy Department, which
had been resorted to, and, like the snake that lurks
in the grass—unguis in herbd latet—had been used
to sting him. I did not say that De Camp had
preferred those charges before the board, but I
was under the impression that he had some agency
in them. He has, however, made a strong ap-
peal to me, as a gentleman and a man of justice, |
to say that he hopes and trusts in God that he j
will at least be exempt from the charge of using
any influence before the board, or in connection
with the board, against Captain Pettigru. He
says he has not done so. There is a remarkable
fact connected with this matter. Captain Pettigru
prepared a document for publication, in which
there were a great many personal severities in
reply to a pamphlet published by De Camp. He
consulted me on the subject, and I told him, as
other friends did, that at this particular time I !
thought it would be considered uncalled-for, and ;
might have an injurious influence. Captain Pet- j
tigru, in that publication, assures the public, on j
his honor, that he was not the author of a certain
article in the Charleston Mercury, to which Mr.
De Camp had replild, and that it was written
without his privity or knowledge. It appears,
therefore, that they have both been acting under
a mistake. Having made this explanation I leave
my friend from Delaware to make his argument.
Mr. HOUSTON and Mr. CLAYTON both
rose and addressed the Chair.
The PRESIDENT. The Senator from Dela-
ware is entitled to the floor.
Mr. HOUSTON. I really think that I first
rose.
The PRESIDENT. The floor was awarded
to the Senator from Delaware before the Senator
from South Carolina spoke. The remarks of the
Senator from South Carolina were made by per-
mission of the Senator from Delaware, he still
retaining his right to the floor.
Mr. HOUSTON. I beg pardon of the Chair,
but it was my object to reply to the Senator from
South Carolina.
Mr. CLAYTON. Mr. President, in the whole
course of my experience as a member of this
body, I do not recollect the discussion of any
question, in the course of which so many Sena-
tors have so often departed from the great land-
marks and fundamental principles of our Govern-
ment as in that now before us. I came into the
Senate on the 4th of March, 1829, when Presi-
dent Jackson was first inaugurated; and at the
succeeding session of 1829-'30, the great question
which agitated this- body was in relation to the-
President's power of removal. I was one of those
who were then called National Republicans, after-
wards denominated Whigs. A large majority
of the Senate at that time was composed of gen-
tlemen then called Jackson men, who some time
after assumed the name of Democrats. On our
side of the Senate, some of us undertook to ques-
tion the removing power. At first there were some
—but very few—who denied the existence of such
a power. 1 was one of these who exerted them-
selves to the utmost to find some mode of restrain-
ing the exercise of this power. I entertained
then, and do yet entertain, abhorrence of the
tyranny extended to the victims of political war-
fare. In a speech on the resolution of Mr. Foot,
in 1830, I denounced this tyranny, and through-
out that and succeeding sessions of Congress, I
labored not only to discountenance and condemn
it, but to restrict the practical application of the
power within the limits of what I then held to be
the spirit of the Constitution; but I did not, and
I could not, deny the existence of the power; and
I will venture now to say, that by recurring to the
debates of that day there cannot be found more
than one or two instances in which any Senator
ventured to deny the existence of the power in
the President. On that occasion, representing a
party of men who held themselves to be greatly
aggrieved by the hundreds and thousands of re-
movals from office which the President made—
sensitive for the very reasons which have been
stated to-day by the honorable Senator from
Georgia, [Mr. Itersow,] in relation to the charac-
ter of those who were removed, we sought for any
and every measure which we thought could be
constitutionally resorted to as a means of redress.
We proposed, as you will find by looking to the
Journals of that period, resolutions inquiring into
the causes of the removal of persons who had been
ejected from office; and we desired the determina-
tion of the propriety of each removal before the
Senate acted on the nominations which were
made by the President.
We discussed the question at length. You will
find, by looking back to the history of that period,
that Mr. Barton, of Missouri, introduced such
resolutions as I have mentioned, and discussed
them with great ability. You will find that, in
every instance when the question was moved, the
Democratic party, then (Sailed the Jackson party,
unanimously voted down every resolution deny-
ing or calling for the reasons of executive remo-
vals. By referring to the debates of that day you
will find that every debater on the Democratic or
Jackson side of the Senate, denied utterly the
power of ther Senate to look behind the nomin-
ations and inquire into the causes of removal.
Such, I repeat, was not my opinion. I say again,
I endeavored at the time to vindicate the opposite
position, but I was voted down. The party with
which I was associated was always beaten upon
that question. We were voted down at every
succeeding session whenever the question was
raised, throughout the whole of my congressional
career; and there never was an instance in which
it was decided that the Senate of the United States
had authority to limit or control the removing
power of the Executive.
The result was that, as a majority of the sov-
ereign States of the Union held that doctrine for
twenty-five years or more, I at last acquiesced in
what I could not prevent, and was forced to suc-
cumb to the views of the majority. All my po-
litical friends finally "yielded and gave up the
point, considering that the voice of the people of
the United States had sustained our opponents on
the whole matter in difference between us. We
finally abandoned, not by any public recantation,
but by our silence, resistance to the removing
power, as a point of political controversy; ana
hence, for jnany years past, you have scarcely
heard a word on this topic in the Halls of Con-
gress.
Ever since the days of General Jackson, each
successive President has exercised this power
of removal without question from any quarter
whatever. He has exercised it in every instance
without control, without record, without trial,
and without giving notice to the party accused.
No man has contended for years past that a per-
son removed from office had a right to demand
from the Executive of this- country the reason for'
