THE CONCESSIONAL GLOBE,
January 81,
deaiaaS for the previous question, his amendment
will stift be open to debate, and- he will be pre-
cluded from the privilege he has promised himself
of offering an amendment, making a speech upon
it, and then cutting off all' reply.
- Mr. THIPPE. Til reply to my colleague, I
will state that, by reference to the paragraph in
the Manual, read the other day by my other col-
league, [Mr. Stephen's ,] the House- will see that
the motion for the previous question does not cut
'off my amendment, nor does it allow debate to
proceed upon it. If the demand for the previous
question is seconded, and the main question or-
dered to be now put, the vote must be taken upon
the substitute I have offered, and then upon the
final adoption of the resolution itself!
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I presume that,
tinder the peculiar circumstances in which I am
placed, the House willindulge me in some remarks
by-way of defining my position. I shall, there-
fore," most respectfully ask that the gentleman
from Georgia will, for the present, withdraw his
resolution. I will tell in a very few words why.
When I came to the House to-day, a friend put
in my hant^a note which' is published in the
Globe,at the end of the remarks of the gentleman
from Delaware, [Mr. Culi.est.] It is necessary,
in my opinion, in consequence of misapprehen-
sion on'the part of gentlemen, that I should state
my position fully. I do not propose to do it to-
day, in the present excitement. I will do so in the
morning, if tile House will allow mc an opportu-
nity.
Several Members . Certainly.
Mr. SMITH. 1 therbfore ask that the gentle-
man will withdraw the resolution, and that the
House will do me the favor, under the circum-
stances, to adjourn. [Cries of "No, no!"] I
move that the House do now adjourn, to allow
me the opportunity of being heard.
Mr. EDMUNDSON. I "demand the yeas and
nays on the motion.
Mr. SMITH. I withdraw the rtiotion to ad-
journ.
, Mr. CADWALADER. I desire to give notice
, of a resolution which I shall oifer. [Cries of
" Order!"]
Mr. TRIPPE. I insist on order. The previous
question is pending.
The CLERK. The gentleman from Pennsyl-
vania is out of order, inasmuch as other questions
are pending.
Mr. JOI^ES, of Tennessee. Does the Cleric
decide that, if an amendment be made, and the
previous question called, that that precludes the
amendment?
The CLERIC The Clerk makes no decision,
but suggests that, on a former occasion, this ques-
tion was submitted by him to th'c House, and,
by common consent the course suggested by the
gentleman from Georgia seemed to be agreed to.
Tiie genlleman from Georgia, to the right, [Mr.
Cobk,] lias a dill'erent recollection; but the Clerk
thinks that the agreement was the same, as that
proposed by the gentleman from Georgia now. '
Mr. COBB, of "Georgia. Jf the Clerk will turn
to the Journal, lie will find the question never
came up. There was a conversation on the sub-
ject, and I suggested that the idea referred to be
adopted; but, by the withdrawal of the amend-
ment, or laying the proposition on the table, it
was evaded, and never came up.
The CLERK. There was no direct action; it
seemed to be by common consent. The Clerk
does not pretend to say that the House acted on
that principle; it was by common consent. If
the gentleman from Tennessee will make his
point of order, the Clerk will submit it to the de-
cision of the House,
Mr. JONIJS, of Tennessee. I ask the gentle-
man from Gtofgia [Mr. Tkippe] to withdraw his
call for the pievious question, in order that I may
offer an amendment. If the gentleman is willing
to face the music, and. to vote on the proposition
in good faith, 1 tiiink he will do it. I am willing
to vote on any gentleman of this House, either
for or against him, and to take the responsibility
which attaches to it. Is the gentleman from
Georgia willing to do the same? If so, he will
withdraw his call for the previous question.
Mr. TRIPPE. I do not want to appear unfair;
nor is my position in any wise unfair. If the
gentleman, and those who act with him, wish
an amendment, or something in lieu of my propo-
sition, let them vote mine down and then offer it.
That, I think, is a very fair way.
Mr. JONES. I will say to the gentleman and
the House, that if they will refuse 
Mr. TRIPPE. Is it in order to discuss this
matter ?
Mr. JONES. I am not going to discuss it. I
wish to give notice, that if the House will refuse
to order the main question to be now put, I will'
move to strike out the name of Mr. Smith, of
Virginia, and insert that of the Hon. Mordecai
Oliver, of Missouri. I hope that the House
will refuse to order the main question to be now
put.
Mr. CADWALADER. I rise to a point of
order. My point of order is' this 
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee 1 again appeal to
the gentleman from Georgia to withdraw the call
for the previous question, and let mc offer my
amendment. Then a vote can be had on both
propositions.
Mr, TRIPPE. Thatis not what I want done.
I want a vote on mine. [Laughter.]
Mr. JONES. Then I ask the House to vote
down the mam question.
Mr. CADWALADER. I rise to a point of
order. The resolution names the gentleman from
Virginia as a candidate for the speakership, and
therefore brings him within the operation of tile
resolution of the gentleman from Tennessee,
[Mr. Zollicofper,] which subjects candidates
to interrogation. I claim it as a privilege, under
that resolution of the House, to put a question to
the gentleman from Virginia. [Cries of "Order!"]
I submit that I am m order.
The CLERK. The Clerk will state that that
was not a rule adopted by the House. It is a
mere declaration, and therefore not binding at
present.
Mr. CADWALADER. I appeal from that
decision.
Mr. KARKSDALE. I move to lay the whole
subject on the table.
The CLERK. The Clerk will say, in reply to
the gentleman from Pennsylvania, that he makes
no decision.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. Will the gentle-
man from Georgia withdraw the call for the pre-
vious question iong enough to enable me to move
an amendment?
Mr. TRIPPE. I thought I had answered the
gentleman that I would not. If my proposition
is voted down, then the gentleman can offer his
own.
Mr. LETCHER. 1 hope that the motion to
lay the whole subject on the table may prevail.
Mr. BARKSDALE. I demand the yeas and
nays on the motion to lay on the table.
Mr. McMULLlN. Allow me to move an
amendment to the proposition of the gentleman
from Georgia.
Mr. BARKSDALE. Debate is not in order;
I call the genlleman to order.
Mr. Mc.M ULL1N. 1 am on the floor, and I
intend to maintain my position.
The CLERK. If gentlemen will resume their
seats, and better order is restored in the Hall,
there may be a decision of the question.
Mr. McMULLlN. Mr. Clerk 
The CLERK. The gentleman from Virginia
is out of order.
Mr. McMULLlN. The gentleman from Vir-
ginia has a right to submit a motion to the House;
and he intends to doit. [Cries of " Order!"] Oh!
you may call order as long as you please.
The CLERK. If the gentleman from Virginia
insists on addressing the House out of order, the
Clerk cannot maintain order. The matter is then
with the House.
Mr. McMULLlN. I move that when the
House adjourns to-day, it be to meet on Saturday
next. That is m order.
The CLERK. It is.
Mr. McMULLlN. And I now desire to state
a reason why that motion should be agreed to.
The CLERK. But that is not in order.
Mr. McM ULLIN. I ask the Clerk whether it
is not competent for me to assign a. reason why
the House should adjourn over until the day after
to-morrow?
The CLERK. It is not.
Mr. McMULLlN. I know that a motion to
adjourn is not debatable; but this is a motion to
adjourn over to a day certain
The CLERK. When there is a motion to
lay on the table, and a call for the previous ques-
tion pending, debate is clearly out of order.
Mr. McMULLlN. I desire' the Clerk to in-
form me whether, when this House is not organ-
ized, when we are acting under the rules of par-
liamentary law [Loud shouts of "Order!"]
Well, now, gentlemen, I will not be called to
order by gentlemen who keep their seats. Get
up like men, as you are, and call me to order, if
you dare. I will let gentlemen know that they
cannot put me down.
Mr. HARRIS,'of Maryland. I have no desire'
under heaven to put the gentleman down; hut I
would like to ask a single question of the Clerk,
for it seems to me desirable for tlie dignity of the
House 
Mr. McMtJLLIN. Take care of your own
dignity, sir, and not mine.
Mr. HARRIS. My dear sir, you are not the
Ferson I should ever consult about my dignity.
am addressing the Clerk. I have risen to a
questkin of order. I desire to know if I am in
order?
Mr. McMULLlN. You are not, because I
am upon the floor.
The CLERK. The gentleman from Virginia
is himself out of orter. If the gentleman from
Maryland rises to a point of ordpr, he is in order.
Mr. HARRIS. I do rise to a point of order.
The CLERK. Then the gentleman is clearly
in order, and will proceed.
_ Mr. McMULLlN, (to Mr. Harris.) Go on,
sir; state your point of order.
Mr. HARRIS. I desire to know whether the
gentleman from Virginia objected to the decision
of the Clerk upon the point made?
The CLERK. The gentleman from Virginia
disregarded the appeal of the Clerk to the House
t8 enforce its own rules, such as they are. The
Clerk repeats, that if the gentleman from Virginia
perseveres in this course, it will be impossible for
him to preserve order.
Mr. McMULLlN. I wish to state my position.
Mr. HARRIS. In order that the sense of the
House may be taken, I desire to appeal from the
decision of the Clerk.
The CLERK. The Clerk makes no decision,
has made none, and docs not pretend to do so.
He will submit the question to the House. Gen-
tlemen, is the gentleman from Virginia in order?
Mr. McMULLlN. I would like to know 
[Shouts of " Order!" from every part of the Hall.]
Mr. HARRIS. I want the gentleman from
Virginia to understand mc entirely. I do not
desire, 111 any uncourteous or improper way, to
interrupt any statement that he wishes to make
to the House; on the contrary, I am now, and
always will be ready, in his case, or m the case
of any other gentleman, to accord to him, or to
any other member, any courtesy due from me as
a gentleman to him as a gentleman.
13ut, Mr. Clerk, it is evident not only to mc,
but to the other members of this House, that,
after the long struggle which for eight weeks has
been going on, we are approaching a consumma-
tion—that we are reaching a point which is to
decide, one way or the other, the question whether
this House can be organized or not. ^Now, up
to this time, the Clerk has most admirably and
most impartially performed his duty, and main-
tained the order of the House.
Mr. McMULLlN. Is the gentleman in order?
The CLERK. The gentleman is not in order.
Mr. HARRIS. I'simply desired to interpose
in such a way and to such an extent as would
enable the Clerk, to the end, thus to maintain the
order and dignity of this body; that was my sole
purpose.
The CLERK. The Clerk will now submit the
question of order to the House. Gentlemen, is
the gentleman from Virginia in order?
Mr. McMULLlN. The proposition 1 sub-
mitted to the House was, that the House should
adjourn over until the day after to-morrow; and
I simply asked the question whether that motion
was debatable or not.
The CLERK. The point of order has been
raised, and the Clerk will submit it to the House.
Mr. COBB, of Georgia. I understand the ques-
tion of order to be, whether the gentleman from
Virginia is in order in debating a motion to
adjourn over? That is the question to be decided
by the House
