1056
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 29.
been committed upon the lands of these half-
breeds, the question would then arise, whether
the trespassers would in consequcnce be divested
of their right to vote ? If, however, there is any-
thing like a unity of sentiment upon the other
side of the House in favor of the postponement
now asked for, I shall not resist it.
Mr:CADWALADER. I think that the propo-
sition might be stated in another form of words,
in such a manner as to present the question in
a very different form—in a form, I may say, in
which the views of th"e gentleman might not be
so readily silstainable as he supposes; but as I
need more time for its investigation than the
twenty minutes, which he thinks would suffice,
I repeat, on behalf of myself and others, the
appeal to his courtesy, to which he does not
appear to be unwilling to yield; and I am disposed
to take advantage of the favorable disposition
towards us m this respect which he manifests.
Mr. SAVAGE. In addition to what my friend
from Pennsylvania [Mr.Cadwalader] has stated,
I will say, that I tlunk it is due to this House
that this question should be postponed. The
House will recollect that I was put upon the
Committee of Elections at a late period—only a
few days since—and I have had but little oppor-
tunity to make myself acquainted with the case
under consideration, from the fact that the report
of the committee had been made up, as I under-
stand it, before I was appointed on the commit-
tee. The gentleman from Georgia [Mr. Ste-
pwise.s] lias been absent during this whole time.
This case has been postponed for him; and Iliad
expected that, when he relurned, there would be
a thorough investigation of the facts upon the
part of those menibeis of the Committee of Elec-
tions who disagreed to the report of the majonty,
and that a minority report would be made out.
1 had confidently expected that the gentleman
from Georgia would have been here before this
time, and I had expected, in connection with him,
to have made an examination of the case, and
joined with him in presenting a minority report
to the House.
1 do not concur with the majority of the com-
mittee in then i eport; but, under the circumstances
which I have stated, I am nut prepaied to make
that showing which I think the ease demands.
I am of the opinio)), there/ore, that the kindness
and courtesy which the other side of the House
have once shown to the sitting Delegate, in post-
poning this question, should be still further ex-
tended to him.
Mr. WASH BURN, of Maine. If, as my col-
league oil the Committee of Elections [Mr. Wat-
son j has remarked, there seems to be a general
wish on the other side of the House, or upon this
Side, that this ease should be still further contin-
ued, I am not disposed to press its consideration
at this time. But it is quite evident to mo, that
the gentlemen who now ask for the postponement
have not read the report, and therefore are not
prepared to enter upon the discussion now. I
hope they will read it, and, if they do, I am con-
fident the discussion will be short. Gentlemen
will find that the ease does not rest in any respect
upon the testimony m relation to the votes of per-
sons living upon the lands of the half-breeds.
The testimony shows that these votes were not
counted at all, and that the majouty of the con-
testant, instead of being simply thirteen, piobably
reached thnty or forty. Gentlemen will see, by
looking at the report, which they evidently have
not yet done, that the question of law which has
been referred to does not arise in the case at
all.
Mr. CHAPMAN. I merely wish to make one
correction. I do not want it to go out to the
country that the merits of this case are confined
to one issue. There are other important questions
upon which this House will exercise its jurisdic-
tion which do not appear in the report of the
majonty. The testimony was not presented be- .
fore the Committee of Elections, because I sup-
posed, under the rule adopted by the committee,
ex parte testimony would be excluded. But, sir*
I submit that the majority report docs not present
the true facts of the case.
Mr. WASHBURN. Do I understand the
Delegate from Nebraska to say that the Commit-
tee of Elections excluded a portion of his testi-
mony r
Mr. CHAPMAN. No, sir.
Mr. WASHBURN. All the testimony pre-
sented has been published by the committee.
Mr. CHAPMAN. I said I had testimony
which I declined to present, in consequence of
a rule adopted by the committee.
Mr. DAVIS, of Maryland. Mr. Speaker, I
should like to have a distinct statement from the
Committee of Elections whether they desire that
this case shall be postponed for two weeks, or
that it shall be now acted on. For myself, I am
in favor of having the matter decided at present,
unless there is some good reason for postponing
it; and I would be glad if the committee would
indicate what they desire on the subject. They
have made several suggestions, but have not
yet intimated whether they oppose the motion to
postpone or consent to it.
Mr. WATSON, So far as I am individually
concerned—I have not consulted with other mem-
bers of the committee—I will not oppose the post-
ponement. Gentlemen assure me that they have
been waiting for a minority report; others say
that they have not examined the case — that
they anticipated a minority report, and waited to
examine both reports at once. CJnder the pecu-
liar circumstances of the case I will not resist the
application to postpone.
The motion to postpone was agreed to.
DEFICIENCY BILL.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio. I move that the
deficiency bill be taken up in order that it may
be disposed of. The Senate insist on their amend-
ments disagreed to by the House, and ask for a
committee of conference.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. PHELPS. Mr. Speaker, the Senate in-
sists on its amendments to which the House have
disagreed; and a question is presented which I
desire may be in part solved by the House, in-
stead of its entire reference to a committee of
conference. I therefore submit that the House
recede from its disagreement to the amendments
of the Senate numbered 30, 31, 32, 33, and 34.
I will state the character and provision of the
amendments specified. They make appropria-
tions to supply deficiencies in the appropriations
! for the service of the Army for the present fiscal
j year. The thirtieth amendment provides for the
; incidental expenses of the Quartermaster Genc-
I ral's department, and appropriates $180,000 for
] that purpose. The thirty-first amendment pro-
! vides for constructing barracks and defraying the
| expenses incurred for buildings occupied by the
Army, and appropriates §100,000. The thirty-
second amendment proposes that there be appro-
priated, for the transportation of officers and then-
baggage, the sum of $60,000. The thirty-third
amendment proposes to appropriate, foi Army
transportation, the sum of $1,000,000. The thirty-
fourth amendment, to supply a deficiency in the
fund for defraying the expenses of the judiciary
of the United States, proposes to appropriate
£200,000.
Mr. Speaker, when this question was con-
sidered in the committee the other day, some
gentlemen objected to these deficiencies without
well considering the fact, that estimates are sub-
mitted a long lime in advance of the year for the
service of which the appropriations are made.
Take the appropriations for the service of the
Army for this fiscal year which expires on the
30th of June next. Estimates were made by the
officers at the various posts, and submitted to the
Quartermaster General, by whom they are sub-
mitted, through the Secretary of War, to the
Secretary of the Treasury. They were submitted
eight months m advance of the fiscal year. The
yei y fact of the estimates being presented so long
in advance will at once suggest to gentlemen that
unforeseen expenses may occur—expenses which
nobody at the time could anticipate—expenses
which would add greatly to the expenditures for
the Army; and so with any other branch of the
public service. We have had Indian wars brought
upon us in the Territories of Nebraska and Kan-
sas, in Washington and Oregon—wars not anti-
cipated by the officers who made the estimates,
and which at the time could not be anticipated by
anybody. The Quartermaster General tells us in
Ins report that that is the cause of the increased
expenditures for this year. He says:
"When the estimates for the year were presented, the
Indian difficulties, especially those with the numerous and
wailike Sioux, were not contemplated nor apprehended;
and, as stated in my last annual report, the several items
had been reduced under every head to the lowest sum
which a pioper regard for the efficiency of the service
" would warrant. A large appropriation for deficiencies
will, therefore, be required for these two item^, and per-
haps others ; and, as toon as the amounts probably wanted
can be ascertained, an estimate will be presented for
them."
Again, Mr. Speaker, some gentleman the other
day objected that these estimates were not sub-
mitted with the annual estimates to Congress. I
merely wish to call the attention of the House to
the report of the Quartermaster General, where
he gives the reasons why he could not make the
estimates at that time. He advertised Congress,
at the commencement of this session, that there
are considerable deficiencies in the appropria-
tions, under the head of transportation for the
Army, amounting to nearly a million of dollars.
As soon as the reports come in from the officers
at the distant posts of the Army, he tells us that
he will be prepared to submit estimates for them
to Congress. He has submitted them. I heard
in conversation another objection urged to these
items—that the appropriations for this fiscal year
had, to a certain extent, been absorbed to defray
the expenses of the last fiscal year.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I hope the
gentleman will yield to me for a moment. I wish
to understand the position of the question. The
deficiency bill is now before us. The Senate re-
turn it, insist on their amendments, and ask for
a committee of conference. The gentleman pro-
poses that the House shall recede from its dis-
agreement to certain amendments which were met
,andfully discussed in the Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union. I understand the gen-
tleman to be now making an argument to show
the House why it should recede. It seems to me
that we are opening up a question which, if gone
on with, will consume a great deal of time,-and I
would suggest that the ordinary course, in matters
of this kind, had boHer be" pursued—that the
House refuse to recede from its disagreement,
and agree to the committee of conference asked
for by the Senate. That would, in my judgment,
be the best course for us to pursue.
Mr. PHELPS. I have already stated the rea-
sons why I prefer to pursue the course which I
have suggested. Some gentlemen oppose the in-
vestiture of six men with power to legislate on
matters in dispute between the two branches of
Congress. It is done at the close of the session
because of the want of time.
Mr. WASIIBURNE. That argument will
not apply in this case. We have plenty of time;
and if we do not see fit to adopt the report of the
committee of conference, we can reject it. We
have plenty of •time in which to pass another de-
ficiency bill. The reasons for a committee of
conference at the last moments of the session do
not apply now.
Mr. PHELPS. I will inform the gentleman
that in this same deficiency bill there is an appro-
priation to meet a deficiency in the Post Office De-
partment; and, unless a deficiency bill shall soon
be passed, that gentlemen, as well as myself and
every member of this House, will hear of the com-
plaints of the contractors for carrying the mails
-on account of their not being paid. The amount
appropriated for this purpose is already nearly
exhausted, leaving no means to pay them for
their services for the residue of the fiscal year.
The postmasters will receive their pay, for they
collect the money, and deduct the amount they
arc entitled to receive from the money which
comes into their hands. But the contractors who
carry the mails, and who, perhaps, may be con-
sidered the most meritorious, cannot be provided
for m that way.
Again, I differ somewhat with the gentleman
from Illinois in the opinion that we have suffi-
cient time to prepare another deficiency bill m
the event of the defeat of this one. In conse-
quence of the absence of the chairman of the
Committee of Ways and Means, and at his re-
quest, I have assumed somewhat the manage-
ment of the amendments of the Senate to this
deficiency bill. My opinions, given to this
House in the remarks I submitted when the
amendments were under consideration, and in
the votes I gave upon those amendments, are
evidence of my conviction that they were right.
Refuse to agree to these amendments, and appoint a
