3*0
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[March 31,
34th Cong....1st Sess.
Naval Retiring Board—Mr. Clayton.
Senate.
■which he was removed, or might require a trial
before ho was removed, or the production of a
record to show the grounds for his removal, or
that notice should be given him, and that he should
be heard anywhere in regard to the removal. We
had in vain denounced the tyranny of the pro-
scriptive policy, and we yielded, however reluct-
antly, to the popular will.
Then, sir, having known this to be the settled
doctrine of the Senate and of the country for a
quarter of a century at least, I have been amazed,
during the progress of this discussion, throughout
the whole session, to find some of the most dis-
tinguished Senators in this body complaining that
the Constitution has been violated, because officers
in the naval service have been removed without
trial, without being notified of the cause or nature
of the accusation against them, and that there has
been no record kept of the testimony against them.
It appears to me that there is a settled conviction i
in the minds of some honorable gentlemen here, J
that the members of the naval profession are en-
titled to a trial, to notice, to a hearing, to a record,
although President Jackson struck from the rolls
of the Nary the names of Lieutenant Hunter,
and all his associates in a duel, without any of
these, and also without any pretension at that
day that he had no power to do it. This is a
strange doctrine, especially when announced from
the Democratic side of the Senate. It would be
a novel doctrine to the men of that party who
were in the Senate from 1830 to the present period.
During this interval no man has pretended that
such a doctrine could be sustained on a vote here.
But now we are suddenly told that naval officers
have the rights, so long denied to them and all
others, that the removal of them by the President
on the advice of the naval board, without giving
them notice of the cause and nature of the accusa-
tion against them, and admitting them to a full
and fair hearing on any charge made against them,
is repugnant to the principles of civil liberty, con-
trary to the Constitution, too, and to all our old
notions of judicial fairness and integrity. We
have heard to-day thethunder of the eloquence of
the Senator from Georgia, reminding me strongly
and strangely of the tones which I heard on the
Whig side of the House in the year 1830, when
the Whigs complained of the outrages, as they
asserted them to be,, perpetrated by President
Jackson on their friends in removing thousands
of them from office without trial and without
knowledge of the grounds on which they were
accused. It sounds strangely, I say, sir, to me,
coming, as it now does, from the other side of the
Chamber, where the opposite doctrine has always
hitherto been maintained.
Now, sir, it seems to me that these notions
which have crept into the Senate in regard to
notice and record, and which claim for officers
of the Navy an exemption from the rule that pre- j
vails in regard to all other officers not judicial,
arc founded on an entirely erroneous idea of the
character and nature of a navy and an army. So
far from a naval or military officer being entitled
to an exemption from this rule, I say that the
principle which has been applied by the Presi-
dents of the country since the adoption of the
Constitution in 1789 to the present day, in regard
tn removals from office, applies to their cases
with ten fold force. We are told that the re-
movals of naval officers under the operation of
this law are contrary to the principles of repub-
lican liberty; and the Legislature of Virginia has
ventured, in substance, to affirm this. Sir, what
have the principles of republican liberty to do
with the government and organization of an army
or navy. How are you to control a navy or an
army—to govern crews and soldiers, upon your
principles of republican liberty? The govern-
ment of a navy, to a great extent, must neces-
sarily be a military despotism, where supreme
power is vested in the commander, and absolute
submission required from the men and inferior
Officers. The moment this state of things ceases
to exist on board ship, the crew and commander
are worthless; they cannot fight with effect in
defense of the country. It results, necessarily,
from the very nature of this military power, that
the commander must have absolute control of
those who are under him, and they must submit
to his orders. Why, sir, from all that we have
heard in the course of this debate, we may expect
after a while that honorable gentlemen will claim,
in behalf of naval officers, that whenever a com-
mander of a ship shall order a lieutenant to " con-
sider himself under arrest," the lieutenant may
get out a writ of habeas corpus, and inquire into
the propriety of the commander's order. The
idea of claiming that these officers, and these
alone, are entitled to a trial and a hearing before
removal, has been carried so far in this debate
that I do not know what limit may now be
assigned to their demands short of a law to give
them an estate for life in their offices. Judging
from the commentaries here made by my honor-
able friend from South Carolina, [Mr. fiuixer,]
the gentleman from Georgia, [Mr. Iverson,] and
others, people will suspect that naval officers are
soon to be established as a privileged class in this
country, who are hereafter to enjoy a vested right
of property in their offices, of which they can
never be deprived but by a jury trial.
_ Mr. BUTLER. I desire to propound a ques-
tion tomy friend from Delaware, for I have great
respect for his opinions and investigations. He
assumes, what I suppose is now the practice,
that the President has the right to dismiss any
civil officer at his mere will and pleasure, because
he may dislike him or be politically opposed to
him. Will my friend also assume the broad
ground that the President, at his mere pleasure,
has a right to dismiss a military or naval com-
mander, however eminent he may be, because he
may have a personal dislike towards him, or may
be opposed to him in politics ?
Mr. CLAYTON. Iwill answer my friend with
great pleasure. I have had the same question
proposed to me before. The question is, has the
President the right to remove any naval officer at
his pleasure ? I answer, that the commission of
every officer, naval, military, or civil, bears on
its face the true tenure of his office. He is, by
the terms of it, to hold the commission " during
the p|easure of the President," unless he be a
judicial officer. That answers the question of
my friend from South Carolina. If he means to
inquire of me whether I think it right, in foro
conscientuz, for the President of the United States
to remove an officer of the Army or Navy, arbi-
trarily, without reference to the public interest,
which alone should control him in all removals,
I tell him, as I have always told others, that re-
movals so made are gross abuses of executive
power. But when the President removes, how
can you inquire into the grounds of his action?
You cannot reach him. The effort was made in
the Senate again and again, more than a quarter
of a century ago, to ascertain the reasons for ex-
ecutive removals, and it always failed. No Pres-
ident has permitted any Senate, and no President,
I venture to say, ever will permit any Senate to
take him to task as to the grounds on which he
has made his removals. The result of all such
experiments is, that the President has the power,
and is responsible only to God and the country
for its exercise.
It is true that Mr. Madison, in 1789, said that
for the removal of a meritorious officer without
sufficient cause he thought the President might
be impeached. That was the expression of
opinion of a distinguished man, but I cannot
say that I have confidence in an impeachment as
a remedy for abuses of executive power. I do
not believe that from this moment until the end
of the Republic, any House of Representatives
will ever prefer articles of impeachment against a
President of the United States for removing any
man from office. Nor can it, in the nature of
things, according to the mode in which the Senate
is organized, ever happen, if the House should
present such an impeachment, that the Senate
would convict the President and remove him from |
his office. No, sir, the Senate, like all other legis- !
lative bodies, is a political body. It has partisan
preferences, and will always have them. There i
will always be in this body, in favor of any I
President who may remove any man—I care not
whom—more than one third of the Senate, and
that is enough to save him from conviction on an
impeachment. I look, therefore, on the idea of
an impeachment as entirely impracticable. I
ffc"r' the"> to my first position, and I reaffirm it,
tnat the President, for removing any officer, is
substantially responsible only to God and his
country. His country may refuse to reelect him
to office, and there is no other human tribunal
that can reach him.
Now, sir, I desire every Senator carefully to
inquire, is it true, as you have heard here from
: day to day from the lips of most eloquent gen-
1 tlemen, that, by the removal of these naval of-
ficers, the President has violated the principles
of the Constitution, because they were not noti-
fied of the accusation against them, because they
had not a trial, or because a record of the evi-
dence and the finding against them was not kept?
I put it to you, Senators, as men searching for
truth upon a great occasion, when itis important,
and vastly important, for your country that you
should arrive at a correct result, do you in your
consciences believe that, according to the custom
and usage of this Government, according to its
, principles as understood from its origin by its
: leading statesmen, an officer, civil or military,
but not judicial, is entitled to a hearing, is entitled
to be notified of an accusation against him, is en-
titled to have a record of the evidence and find-
ing kept? Sir, your President has not gone one
inch beyond the action of any of his predecessors
in this matter. I am not his partisan. You all
know that I was not one of those who aided in
electing him. I stand not here as his partisan,
or as his advocate, for the sake of party politics
( to gain him votes; but as a man of truth, as a
| Senator of tlie United States, anxious that the
i Senate should reach a right result on this ques-
j tion, I say to you that there is nothing in his
I course in reference to this subject which is not
justifiable and defensible according to the usage
' of his predecessors.
Unless you can establish some ground on which
you can found a distinction between civil and
1 military officers,all the fine-spun eloquence which
we have heard about the principles of civil liberty
in the cases of these naval officers is entirely
misapplied. Will any man contend that the offi-
cers of the Navy are a privileged class—privileged
to hold their offices on principles different from
those which regulate the tenures of other officers
of the Government? If you maintain that, will
you show me the treatise on constitutional law on
which you rely as an authority for that opinion ?
Point me to the passage in the Constitution which
will sustain you in it. The moment you attempt
I to maintain before the people of this country,
| that the Navy presents a privileged class of office-
i holders, having virtually an estate for life, and a
I property in their offices, you will find that your
Navy, instead of being as it always has been, a
; object of warm and affectionate regard among
th  people, will become the object of their scorn
I and abhorrence. Yet this is the very result to
which doctrines on this subject, now daily .ad-
vanced here, are tending. It has been assumed
, in this discussion, as a point not to be debated,
that the great principles of civil liberty were
trampled under foot oy the removal of a naval
officer without notifying him of the cause of ac-
cusation against him; without summoning wit-
nesses, when he desired them, in his defense;and
without giving him a trial and keeping a record
of the evidence against him. No such doctrine
can be maintained; and if it could be, it would be
fatal, as I have already said, to the very exist-
ence of the Navy. The people of the United States
will sustain no such privileged class.
But let me not be misunderstood on this subject
of removals. Were the question now one of the
first impression, were it open to debate again, as
we held it to be in 1830; were we now to settle as
Congress did in 1789 the principles of this Gov-
ernment, in this regard, I should struggle again,
as I did in the days of President Jackson, to re-
strict this tremendous power in the Executive, but
not to abolish it. The question now is, not what
construction of the Constitution ought to have
been adopted by those who have gone before us,
&ut what is the construction which, by perhaps
a hundred thousand precedents, has been estab-
lished and stamped forever on the form of our
Government, and which now no man hopes to
reverse in civil cases—which indeed could not be
reversed, without a desperate struggle with the
Executive, convulsing the country, and perhaps
ending in a revolution.
