THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN C. RIVES, WASHINGTON,. D. C.
Thirty-Fourth Congress, 1st Session.
FRIDAY, MAY 2, 1856.
New Series....No. 67,
committee of conference, and insist upon disagree-
ment to these Senate amendments, and do you
not expect your committee of conference to en-
deavor to carry out the will of the House as they
have expressed it when they voted upon the
amendments ?
I submit, also, to some of the members of this
House, whether upon the recommendations
made to them they do not believe that some of
those appropriations which the House then re-
jected ought to be granted? This is the reason,
then, why I resort to the course which I propose
to pursue. I have no desire to inflict a speech
upon the House. I am called upon the floor
often enough without seeking a labor of this
kind. •
I desire merely now to call the attention of the
House to these several items. The deficiency
under the head of transportation is the largest
amount, being $1,000,000. The Quartermaster
General, in his annual report, remarks as follows:
"Transportation was fin mshed during the year for all the
supplies required for the Aimy; tor the troops operating hi
the field; for more than five thousand recruits fiom the
recruiting depots to the regiments and companies to which
they were assigned ; for six companies of the sixth regiment
of infantry, from Forts lldey, Ridgely, Atkinson, and Sncll-
ing, to Jelierson Banacks; two companies of the sixth
regiment of infantiy to Fort Laiamic ; two coinp.uueM of
the fir&t dragoons fiom Foit Leavenworth to New Mexico;
four companies of the second diagoons from New Mexico
to Fort Leavenworth; two companies of the fiist attilleiy
fiom Fort Monroe to Fort Da!ln<?, Florida ; four companies
of the second infantry from Cai lisle, Pennsylvania, to Foit
Pierre, on the Missouri nvei, fourteen hunched miles above
St. Louis ; two companies of the second infantiy horn Fort
Riley to Fort Pieue ; three companies of the sixth infantiy
from Jefferson Banacks to Fort Kearney, and thice com-
panies of the sixth infantry to Fort Laramie ; thiee com-
panies of the seventh infantiy from Fort Gibson to Bent's
Fort Uppei Arkansas; two companies of the thndattiliery,
and a detachment of ieciuit'5 fiom Fort Leavenworth to
California under Colonel Steptoe."
Now, I state that the army has been removed
to more distant posts, and in larger bodies than
in any of the late previous fiscal years. Conse-
quently the expenditures have been largely in-
creased. T have in my hands a tabular statement
showing the actual amounts of appropriations in
the quartermaster's department for regular sup-
plies, for incidental expenses, for barracks and
quarters, and for transportation of troops for the
fiscal years from 1851 to the present tune. For
the transportation of troops ana these other items,
the total amount appropriated in the year 1851
was $4,061,278; for the year 1852, it was
$4,159,000; for the year 1853, it was $3,310,000;
for the year 1854 it was §3,1;>0,000; for the year
1855 it was $3,145,368; and if we grant the defi-
ciency contained in this bill it will amount for
the year 1856, together with the amount appro-
priated at the last session of Congress, to
$4,695,826.
You must recollect that your Army has been
increased meanwhile, and that there arc a larger
number of men in the service than formerly. Your
troops have been scattered over a larger extent
of territory, and there are more military posts
and stations than formerly. I have in my hand
a recommendation of a former Secretary of War,
Mr. Conrad, who, in speaking of the amount of
expenditures for the Army for the purpose of pre-
serving peace and quiet, and maintaining military
posts in the Territory of New Mexico, says that
the total costof that service was about $1,350,000;
and lie even suggested to Congress the propriety
of purchasing the property of the people of New
Mexico, and abandoning that Territory to the
Indians. Even at that time the cost, in that one
Territory, in the support and maintenance of the
army, exceeded one million of dollars.
Again, in contrasting the expenditures of the
present time with former expenditures of the
Army, you will find that the cost of transporta-
tion has' greatly increased; because, when your
military posts were upon the Mississippi river,and
in the States of Iowa, Missouri, and Arkansas,
all such transportation, or thej*reater part of it, ;
was performed by water. Now, your military j
posts are six or eight hundred miles beyond water j
transportation, and that fact, of course, increases J
67
the expenditures. I have in my hands a state-
ment of the amount paid per hundred pounds for
transportation from Fort Leavenworth to New
Mexico, and to Fort Laramie in Nebraska. This
transportation was done by contract, and let to
the lowest bidder. Those who perform the ser-
vice bid a scale of prices according to the season
of the year when the service is to be performed.
If they are obliged to transport supplies in the
winter season, when the grasses upon the plains
have become dead, and when they are unable to
obtain subsistence for men and animals, their risks
are greatly increased, and of course their expenses.
The contract is to pay them for transportation
which shall be performed in the months of Decem-
ber, January, and February, the sum of twenty-
five dollars "per hundred pounds. The distance
from Fort Leavenworth to Fort Union is seven
hundred miles, and the transportation is all per-
formed m wagons. If, however, the transporta-
tion can be performed in the months of May,
June, and July, as the Quartermaster General
has sought to have itperformed, and as he intends
it shall be performed, the cost will be but $7 98
per hundred pounds. There is a gradual increase
as you approach the winter months. In the
month of August it is pi 90, and in the month
of September it is $15 05 per hundred pounds.
I well lecoliect the time when the Government
was paying some seventeen dollars per hundred
pounds fur transport from Fort Leavenworth
to Fort Union during the summer season. The
gentleman from New York near me says it was
twenty dollars, and 1 have the impression that it
may have been higher than twenty dollars during
certain seasons of the year.
Again: I have here a paper showing the prices
of transporting from Fort Leavenworth, on the
Mhsouii, to Foit Laramie—an estimated dis-
tance of six hundred miles—where, if the work
should be done during the months of May, Juno,
or July, the price should be $7 80 per one hun-
dred pounds; but if it should be done in winter—
December, January, or February—the cost would
run up to $21 60. And from my knowledge of
the prices paid by the merchants for the transport
of their merchandise from Jackson county, Mis-
souri, to New Mexico, and from that {dace and
from Leavenwoith city, in the Territory of
Kansas, to Salt Lake, I know that these arc the
lowest prices of transport over these distant lines
of travel. This has had the effect of swelling all
these expenditures.
The gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Stanto-x] the
other day, in commenting on this matter, took
occasion to refer to the fact that some accounts
of the quartermasters had not been settled and
closed at the last annual report of the Quarter-
master General. I hold in my hand an explana-
tion made by the Quartermaster General, at my
instance, since the debate the other day, and
which I believe to be satisfactory. I had not a
sufficient statement at, that time. 1 now have one,
and will read so much of it as applies to the de-
ficiency of $67,000 in this rendering of accounts,
as reported by the Quartermaster General:
" Quartermaster General's Office,
Washington City, February 2of 1858.
"Sir : In reply to your inquiry, whether the officers whom
I leported in my last annual report au having faded to settle
their accounts, have since settled tJiem cither wholly or in
part.! have the honor to state that Lieutenant Tice, whose
accountability amounted lo $20,764 92, has submitted
vouchee winch, if admitted, will reduce the balance to
$1,769 U2."
The Quartermaster General does not audit the
accounts. The Quartermaster General, when the
accounts are submitted to him, determines whether
the expenditure has been proper, in his opinion.
So far as the vouchers go, and whether the ex-
penditures are in accordance with law, is a matter
for the Auditor to determine. They are merely
presented to the Quartermaster General for in-
spection, that he may make such note and com-
ment on them as he pleases. Then the settlement
devolves upon the Auditor, subject to the confirm-
ation of the Comptroller. So that the Quarter-
master General's"*duty is performed whei) he
passes them and gives his opinion, although lie
is not the accounting officer.
" And he has shown to me vouchers still injais hands, but
which are informal and requue to be pettectedfwhicft will
reduce the balance to about .§400. pay ftufthim*
f understand, amounting to about $1,300.'tvhich he cannot
draw until his accounts be closed." -
The accumulated pay of this" officer, until hia
accounts are closed, must remain for the purpose
of liquidating any indebtedness in which he may
be found to the Government.
"Majoi P. E. Thompson has been cashiered from the ser-
vice ; his indebtedness to the quartermaster's department
id £25 75. ^ •
" Lieutenant Slaughter's indebtedness has been reduced
from $8,055 89 to $5,787 54. He was a valuable officer,
and I have no doubt applied most of the public money for
which he was accountable to the public service. He was
killed in battle with the Indians in Oregon; had he lived
I am Hire be would have accounted for every ceut m his
bands."
He was the officer who was killed in the Ter-
ritory of Washington, and the Quartermaster
General has no doubt that the balance against
him would be fully liquidated by the vouchers
which he had at the time he was killed.
The Quartermaster General then speaks of
other accounts, the whole being small. Lieuten-
ant Stevenson's is put down at $3,172 74.
u Governor Stevens, of Washington Territory, is still ac-
countable for the sum due at the date of my report. Hia
indebtedness exceeds $5,000."
It is easily understood why Governor Stevens
has not been able to forward his accounts. He
was engaged during the last summer in endeavor-
ing to negotiate treaties with the Black Feet In-
dians, at the head of the Missouri river; meeting
Superintendent Gumming at that point, and nego-
tiating treaties. When he returned to the Terri-
tory, he found an Indian war had broken out,
and was bound to give his attention to the pro-
tection of the people, instead of to reducing his.
indebtedness at the Treasury Department.
The Quartermaster General goes on to say:
" As far as I have been able to examine the subject since
I met you this morning, I find that all the officers and agents
who had submitted their accounts, hut who had large bal-
ance-} in their hands at the close of the last fiscal yeai, have
taken up and accounted for those balances, except Captain
Montgomeiy, Lieutenant Maynadier, Captain Easton, and
Majoi Belger. Captain Montgomery has been ordered hither
to settle his accounts, and is on lus way. Lieutenant May-
nadicr has been reponed to the Secretary of Wai; he is
known to have made laige disbursements, but hag notfor-
wauled his accounts. Captain Easton and Major Belger
have accounted tor the balances against them, with the ex-
ception of bums said to have been stolen fi om them by their
clerk*?. Cnptmn Easton's loss is reported to be about
$17,000, and Major Belger's about $'9,300."
Captain Easton and Major Belger have both
besought Congress for relief in consequence of
depredations committed on them by their clerks;
and bills for the relief of both of these gentlemen
have for two sessions of Congress passed the Sen-
ate, and not been actcd upon here. The amount
of the alleged indebtedness of Captain Easton is
$17,000, and of Major Belger $9,300.
I have gone into this matter so much in detail,
for the purpose of explaining the reason of tlio
delay in the settlement of accounts. This delay
has been granted to Captain Easton and Major
Belger because they have besought Congress for
relief; and one branch of the legislative depart-
ment of the Government has manifested a willing-
ness to extend the relief asked for to enable them
to have their accounts closed.
The Quartermaster General further says:
{>Jf time were allowed for a thorough investigation, it
would be found that mo&t of those having small balances in
their hands have accounted for them."
Thus much, Mr. Speaker, in relation to the
moneys in the hands of disbursing officers. I re-
collect a case that has been mentioned to me of a
disbursing officer in New Mexico, who had gone
off on service from the post where he had been
stationed by order of the commanding officer,
leaving unsettled his disbursements for the pre-
vious three months. Immediately on reaching
the place where he was sent, it became necessary
for him to accompany an expedition going into the
Indian country, for the purpose of preventing
Indian difficulties. He wrote to the Department
