1856.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
imi
several acts in force relative to the election of Pres-
ident and Vice President of the United States.
Mr. BUTLER, I move that the report be
printed, and the bill be made the special order for
Monday next. My friend from Kentucky is more
particularly interested, and as the subject attracts
some attention, I will assign any day he may
choose.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. I would prefer some
early day next week—say Monday.
Mr. BCJTLER. Then I move the bill be made
the special order for Monday next.
The bill was read twice by its title, and post-
poned to and made the special order for Monday
next. *
PUBLIC PRINTING.
Mr. JOHNSON. I am instructed by the Com-
mittee on Printing to make a report on the me-
morial of Beverly Tucker, Arnold Harris, admin-
istrator of Robert Armstrong, C. Wendell, and
A. 0. P. Nicholson, presented yesterday, pray-
ing for a reconsideration of the construction of
the printing act of August 26, 1852. They have
asked us to reconsider the decision of the account-
ing officers in regard to the rates of compensation.
According to the decision of the original Superin-
tendent of the Public Punting under that act,
deductions have been made of five, fifteen, and
twenty, lunning up as high as forty per cent.,
from the total amount of the accounts presented.
They ask a reconsideration of the construction
of the law which bears on all the printing done
by them. This is the second time the subject
has been before the Committee on Printing of
this body, and was this morning before the joint
committee of the two Houses. The committee
believe the construction hitherto acted upon con-
sistent with the language of the law as it stands,
and are satisfied that it is not inconsistent with a
fair rate of profits for the printers themselves.
The committee therefore have decided adversely
to the petition presented to the Senate and referred
to them. I report the following resolution, on
the understanding of the joint committee who
have rejected the application for a change in the
construction of the law:
Resolved, That the prayer of the petitioners he not granted.
The resolution was agreed to.
Mr. JOHNSON, from the Committee on Print-
ing, to whom was referred a motion to'print five
thousand extra copies of the report of the Secre-
tary of "War communicating a statistical report
on the mortality and sickness in the United
States Army, reported tn favor of printing. The
report was concurred in.
ARMY APPROPRIATION BILL.
Mr. WELLER. 1 desire to report, from the
Committee on Military Affairs, a bill (S. No.
427) making additional appropriations for the
support of the Army for the year ending the 30th
of June, 1857. My object in presenting the bill
now, is to have it referred to the Committee on
Finance, as such bills usually come from that
committee, although it embraces the amendments
which I had designed offering to the regular
Army appropriation bill; but as the Committee
on Military Affairs have resolved to offer no
'amendments to that bill as it comes from the
House of Representatives, it is necessary that I
should introduce an additional bill embracing our
amendments. I ask that the bill be printed, and
referred to the Committee on Finance.
The bill was read twice by its title, and referred .
to the Committee on Finance.
Mr. HUNTER. 1 move to postpone all prior
orders', for the purpose of taking up the House
bill making appropriations for the support of the
Army for the year ending June 30, 1857.
Mr. SEWARD. On that question I am obliged
to ask for the yeas and nays, and to say to the
friends of the river and harbor bills which have
not yet passed, that to-day we shall probably be
able to complete them m the course of an hour or
two; and it is very apparent that, unless we do it
to-day, we shall have no opportunity to do it at
all. "if we yield our precedence in the order of
business we shall not be able to recover it again.
Standing ready to fulfill all my obligations^ it
will depend on them whether they shall do justice
to the South and West, as well as the North and
East.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. HUNTER. I hope the Senate will take
up the Army appropriation bill. We have given
something like a week to the river and harbor
bills. Their friends do not scruple to speak on
them as much as they choose. They ought to
have finished those bills yesterday; but I do not
know that we shall finish them to-day, if we take
them up. The general appropriation bills ought
to have precedence; and after they are disposed
of, we can take up other matters. Let us take
up the Army bill first, and dispose of that; and
then, if we have leisure, we can take up these
bills.
Mr. BRODHEAD. I think we can pass the
Army appropriation bill in twenty minutes.
Mr. SEWARD. The Senator is quite mis-
taken in supposing; that we can pass the Army
bill in that time. There is an amendment pro-
posed which will require more than twenty min-
utes.
Mr. HUNTER. Then it is more important to
get at it at once.
Mr. BELL, of Tennessee. I hope the Senate
will allow the remainder of the bills for the im-
provement of the rivers and harbors to be fin-
ished. I know it can be done in a short time.
I am one of the supporters of those measures,
and I have trespassed on the Senate several times;
but the honorable Senator from Virginia, who
speaks of the supporters of the measures occu-
pying time in debate, should take into consider-
ation the circumstances under which the friends
of the bills have occasionally thought proper to
rise in vindication of their policy. I appeal to the
Senator and the Senate to say who have thrown
the greatest obstruction, for two weeks, in the
way of those bills? I find no fault with gentle-
men, but I think within an hour or two we can
finish the small remainder of those bills on the
Calendar. We had better dispose of them, for
it is very evident that, if we take up the general
appropriation bills, we may bid adieu to the con-
sideration of any bill for the improvement of
rivers and harbors.
Mr. WELLER. 1 shall be compelled to vote
against this motion of the Senator from Virginia.
I gave way more than a week ago, after having
made a motion to proceed to the consideration of
the bill for the construction of a Pacific railroad,
with a hope that the Senate would be able to
dispose of the river and harbor bills in a few
days. Now they have been under consideration
a week, and a very largp portion of the time has
been consumed by the friends of those bills m
debate. I have remained here day after day to a
late hour, until the Senate was ready to adjourn,
simply for the purpose of making a quorum, in
order that we might get rid of the river and har-
bor bills. We have been engaged for a week on
them. It was the understanding, at least of the
friends of the Pacific railroad bill, that, as soon as
the river and harbor bills were disposed of, that
measure should be taken up and acted upon. I
yielded after having made the motion to take it
up, and now you cannot see the end of them. If
the bill to which the Senator fiom Virginia refers
be taken up, I am very sure we shall have a long
and protracted debate. 1 prefer myself, if I can-
not get up my own measure, that we should go
on with the regular order of business, which is
the disposition of the river and harbor bills.
Mr. BELL, of Tennessee. They are the un-
finished business.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
on the motion to take up the Army appropriation
bill, resulted—yeas 18, nays 26; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Big^s, Bright, Biodhead, Blown, Butler,
(."lay, Fitzpatriok, Houston, Hunter, Iverson. Mallorv, Ma-
mm. Pugh, Roid, SIulcl), Thompson of Kentucky, Toombs,
and Yulre—18.
NAYS— Messis. Allen, Bell of Now Hampshire, Bell of
Tennessee, lhaJer, Cass Collamcr. Dodge, Durkec, Fes-
senden, Fi*h, Foot, Foster, G<>yer, Ilailan, James. Johnson,
Jones of Iowa. Pearce. tiewaid, Stuart, Thompson of New
Jersey, Trumbull, Wade. Weller, Wilson, and Wright—UG.
So the motion was not agreed to.
MESSAGE FROM THE HOUSE.
A message was received from the House of Rep-
resentatives, by Mr. Barclay, Assistant Clerk,
announcing that the House had passed the bill
(S. No. 265) to incorporate the Columbia Library,
of Capitol Hill, in the city of Washington, with
an amendment.
ENROLLED BILLS SIGNED.
The message also announced that the Speaker
had signed the following enrolled bills; which
thereupon received the signature of the President
pro tempore:
An act for the relief of Richard Albretton;
An act for the relief of Randall D. Livingston;,
An act forthe relief of Cephise Piseros, widow;
of Louis Labranche, of the parish of St. Charles,
in the State of Louisiana;
An act to confirm Joseph Wanderstrand in his
title to certain lands;
An act for the relief of Joseph Hill; '
An act for the relief of Mrs. M. E. McKnight,
widow of Francis M. McKnight;
An act for the improvement of the navigation
of the Patapsco river, and to render the port of
Baltimore accessible to the war steamers of the
United States; and
An act to amend an act entitled " An act to
establish a court for the investigation of claims
against the United States,99 approved February
24,1855.
HARBOR OF DUBUQUE.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The un£n-
ished business which is the first special order, is
the bill (S. No. 128) making appropriations for
the improvement of the harbor of Dubuque. The
question is on the amendment of the Senatorfrom
Ohio [Mr. Pugh] to strike out, "continuing the
improvement of the harbor of Dubuque, on the
Mississippi river," and insert; " removing the
obstructions to navigation placed by order of the
Government of the United States in the Missis-
sippi river at and opposite the city of Dubuque,
in the State of Iowa."
Mr. JONES, of Iowa. I hope the Senate will
not agree to that amendment.
Mr. PUGH. It is not my purpose to press
the amendment against the Senator's will. 1
merely offered it.
Mr. JONES, of Iowa. I am opposed to it for
the best reason in the world. The city of Du-
buque has made improvements which render this
bill important.
Mr PUGH. I withdraw my amendment.
Mr. CLAY. I now renew my amendment to
strike out the word" harbor,"and insert " land-
ing."
All. .TONES, of Iowa. I hope the Senate will
not agree to that amendment. If the gentleman
will undertake to say here that he is a better
judge of what ought to be termed a harbor than
the Government officers, who are acknowledged
to be competentin the performance of theirduttes,
perhaps there may be some reason in it. But
United States officers, who were directed by an
act of Congress to make a survey, have designated
this as a harbor, and so have the topographical
engineers, who are known to be men of science
and skill. Sir, I must say this is a remarkable
effort on the part of my friend from Alabama,
to bring my bill into disrepute, and I think it is
ungenerous. If there is any reason for digging
out the mud m the harbors on Lake Erie or on
Lake Michigan, there is as good reason why this
appropriation should be made for Dubuque.
Mr. President, I said last evening, when the
Senate was verv thin, that this was a work com-
menced duringthe territorial government of Iowa.
It was commenced by this Government when the
United States had a right to take command of this
harbor and do as they pleased with it. The Gov-
ernment of the United States owned the land and
owned the island through which this harbor is to
be made, and Iowa had no right to interfere with
(lie Government of the United States. As the^
Government has commenced this work and as it
has stopped up the main entrance to our harbor,
through the Megary slough, with the intention
of making a cut through Bass Island, it must
complete that cut through Bass Island, or else
remove the obstructions which it has put there;
but that is a matter to be left to the Secretary of
War. Ail these bills provide that the improve-
ment shall be made under the direction of the
Secretary of War. He is the competent and
proper officer to determine the mode of improve-
ment which shall be made. He has adopted a
mode of improvement now for this very harbor,
different from that heretofore pursued by his pre-
decessors; that is to say, of making a contract to
dredge out the slough, and to thiow the earth on
an embankment made along the wharf.
Mr. CLAY. 1 do not care to waste words on
