m
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
- The CLERK. The Clerk will state that, before
the gentleman from Virginia addressed him, a
response was heard.
Mr. SMITH. Is it now in order to move that
the House adjourn?
The CLERK. It is not, the call of the roll
having ooiilmenced. •
Mr. CLINQMAN. There is nothing in the
parliamentary law thdt I know of, that will pre-
clude a motion to adjourn from being made while
^he call of the roll is proceeding.
The CLERK. There has been a response,
creating a state of things wluch makes it impos-
sible to entertain a motion to adjourn. [Loud cries
of " Call the roll!" " Call on !"].
The roll was then called upon the adoption of
the substitute of Mr. Tiuppe, and the amend-
ment was decided in the negative—yeas 100;
nays 110; as follows:
YEAS
S.Benn
Burnett; ^ ?  }
ers, Caskie, Bayaid Clark, G'lingmaii, Howell Cobb, Wil-
liamson R. W. Cobb, Cox, Crawlord, Cullen, Davidson,
Henry Win tor Davis, Denver, Dowdell,£dm ndsou. Elliott,
Etheridge, Eustis, Evans, Floience, Foster, Henry M. Ful-
ler, Thomas J. D. Fuller, Goode, Greenwood, J. Morrison
Harris, Sampson W. Harris, Thomas L. Harris, Ilerbcit,
Hofltaan, Houston, Jewett, George W. Jones, J. Giaiicy
Jones, Kennett, Kidwell, Lalto, Letcher, Lmdley, J.iitnp-
kin, Alexander IC. Marshall, Ilumphiey Marshall, Samuel
S. Marshall, Maxwell, MeMullin, Mctiucen, Smith Miller,
Mlllson,Mordeciii Oliver, Oir, i'.tuie, 1'eeli, Plu-lps, PoitH,
Powell, Puryear, Quitman, Kendo, Ready, Uicaud, Kidi-
ardson, ltivers, Ruffill, Eust, Sandidee, Savage, shorter,
Samuel A. Smith, William K. Smith, Sueed, Stewart,
Swope, Talliott, Trippo, Undoiwood, Vail, Valk, Walker
Warner, Watkiiis, Wheeler, Whitney, Winslow, Daniel B.
Wright, John V. Wnglit, and Zollieoflur—100.
NAYS—Messis. Albnglit, Allison, lid!I, Barbour, TJdrclay,
Henry Bennett, Benson, Billmgliiirst, Hmglmm, Bishop,
Bliss, Bradsliaw, Brenton, Bulliugton, Kurhngame, James
dings, Gilbert
Granger, Glow,
Robert
Hall, Harlan
Harrison, Haven, Hickman, Holloway,Thomas Ii. Horton'
Howard, Kelly, Kolsey, King, Knapp, Knight, Knowlton,
Knox, Kunkel, Later, Matteson, MeUarty, Moiteliain,
Moore, Morgan, Morrill, Mott, Murray, NiclioH, Norton,
Andrew Oliver,Parker, Pearee, Pelton". Pennington, [Very,
Pettit, Pike, Pruigle, Purvianee, Ritchie, Eohbms.ltobeits,
Sapp, Scott, Sherman, rfiinmons, rtpumei, Mtamon, Strau-
ahan, Tappan, Thonngton, Thurston, Todd, Trafton, Ty-
son, Wade, Walbrid e, Waldron, Cadwalader C. Wash-
burne, Elliim B. Washbume, Israel Washlmrn, Watson,
Welch, Wells, Williams, Wood, Woodruff, and Wood-
worth—110.
Pending; the call of the roll,
Mr. BURNETT (when his name was called)
rose and addressed the Clerk.
The CLERK. The Clerk must suggest to the
gentleman that all debate is out of order.
Mr. BURNETT. 1 do not want to make a
speech. 1 want to stand correct upon the record,
and what I have to say will not'occupy more than
a minute. 1 have not been in the habit of troub-
ling the House with speeches. 1 desire to state
that I am a Democrat. I have acted with that
party from the commencement of the session up
to the present time. Now, sir, however, I shall
vote ay upon this proposition; but in so voting
I want it to be distinctly understood that 1 do it as
a choice of evils. If the amendment shall be
adopted, and the question recur upon the final
passage of the resolution as amended, with tile
understanding I now have of the position of the
gentleman named in the resolution upon the great
platforms adopted by the Democratic party, 1
shall vote no. For the present 1 vote ay.
M, DAVIDSON (when his name was called)
said: It will be recollected that, upon a former
occasion, when a resolution similar to this was
befoie the House, I voted in the negative upon it
I desire to ask the House [Cries of" Order' "1
I pii say to the House by way of explana-
tion 
Mr. BARCLAY. I object to any personal
explanation. I object to any discussion what-
ever out of order.
Mr. DA\ IDSOI\. Can I be allowed to sav a
word ? "
Mr. SHERMAN and others objected.
Mr. DAVIDSON. I vole ay.
Mr. JEWETT. Am I right m assuming that
I am not called on now to give a final vote?
The CLEIiK. The vote is not a final one.
Mr. JEWETT. I vote ay.
• Mr. A. K. MARSHALL. I have no personal
explanation to make. I merely desire to say that
I have a standing arrangement with Mr. Mace,
to pair off at this hour of the day, and, as I do
not now see him in the Hall, I shall decline to
%'ote.
Mr. STEPHENS stated that he had paired
off with Mr. Kiljlian Miller.
The vote was then announced as above stated.
Mr. CLINGMAN. I move that the House
do now adjourn.
The motion was agreed to; and thereupon (at
four o'clock) the House adjourned, till to-mor-
row, at twelve o'clock, m.
HOUSE OP REPRESENTATIVES.
Friday, February 1, 1856.
The House was called to order by the Clerk at
twelve o'clock, m. Prayer by Rev. George W
Samson. j
The Journal of yesterday was read andapproafed.
ELECTION BY PLURALITY.
The business first in order was upon the adop-
tion of the following resolution, offered yesterday
by the gentleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Hick-
man.]
Resolved, That the House will proceed immediately to
the election of a Hpr-aker viva voce; and if, after the roll
shall have been called tlneo times, no member shall have
lecetved a niajonty of the whole number of votes, the roll
shall again b.; eailed, and the membci who sli.Ul then re-
ceive the laigest number of votes, piovnled it be a majority
o! a quotum, shall lie the Hpcakei of the House of itepre-
sentativcs of the Thirty-Fourth Congress.
Mr. KELSE Y. I move the previous question
upon the adoption of the resolution.
Mr. COBB, of Georgia. The main question
has been ordered; there is no necessity for the
motion lo be made now.
^ Mr. McQ.UEEN. Is it in order to move that
tne resolution be laid upon the table?
The CLERK. The Clerk thinks it is in order.
IVli. McaULEN. I make that motion, and
demand the yeas and nays upon it.
Mr. WHITNEY. I think the motion is not
in order. The House has once decided not to lay
the resolution upon the table.
The CLERK. Other business has intervened
since, the motion was made and decided. The
Clerk thinks the motion is in order.
Mr. TRIPPE. I rise to a question of order.
The CLERK. No debate is in order, the
main question having been ordered.
Mr. TRIPPE. I nm not £;oing to debate the
resolution; 1 me to a question of order as to
whether the resolution is now properly before the
House. I think that it fell with the adjournment
yesterday. The authority oil which I base my
opinion may be found in the Manual, page 109,
section 37. I will read it:
"It may bo a«ked whether the IIou^c can be in posses-
sion ot two motions or piopositions at the same time, so that
one ot them being decided, the othei goes to Question,
without bcaig moved anew? The answei must be special."
But here is the point to which I wish to call
the particular attention of the House, as affecting
the case before us:
'' When a question 11 inteilupted bv a vole of adiouin-
ment, it Ktheieby remover] from before the House, arid doe*
not stand ipso fuvhi holoic ihem at their next nieetnifr, but
ni'i-t come foiwaid 111 tile lenial way."
The CLERK. If thogentleman from Georgia
has sot through with his statement, the Clerk
will state the giound 011 which he thinks the res-
olution does come up for action this morning.
The previous question itself operates 011 the res-
olution . Ry /effi-enee to page 131 of the Manual,
we find that Parliament have three modes of sep-
aration, to wit: by adjournment, by prorogation
or dissolution by the King, or by the efflux of
the term fir which they were elected. Proroga-
tion or dissolution constitutes there what is called
a session, provided some act has passed. In this
case, all matters depending before them are dis-
continued, and at their next meeting are to be
taken up de novo, if taken up at all. Adjourn-
ment, which is by themselves, is no more than a
continuance of the session from one day to an-
other, or for a fortnight, a month, &c.,ad libitvm.
All matters depending remain in statu quo, and
when they meet again, be the term ever so dis-
tant, are resumed, without any fresh commence-
ment, at the point at which they were left. Their
whole session is considered in law but as one
day, and has relation to the first day thereof.
Mr. TRIPPE. I also find in the Manual, that
when a question is interrupted by a vote of aif-
February 1,
journme&t, it is thereby removed from before the
House, and does not stand ipso facto before them
at their next meeting, but must come forward in
the usual way. And I know, Mr. Clerk, that it
has again and again been determined that ques-
tions are discontinued by adjournment. For the
purpose of fully testing the sense of the House
on the point of order -which I have submitted, I
now take an appeal from the Clerk's decision.
The CLERIC. The Clerk ma^sg no decision.
He will, however, submit the gentleman's ques-
tion to the House for its decision. Gentlemen:
those who are of opinion that the resolution comes
up this morning, will say ay. *
Mr. BARCLAY. I demand the yeas and nays
on the question.
The yeas and nays were not ordered,
■^je question was then taken; and the House
decided, in accordance with the Clerk's sugges-
tion, that the resolution came up as the first busi-
ness m order.
The CLERK. The question recurs on the
motiorwiubmitted by the gentleman from South
Carolina, [Mr. McQ.ueen,] that the resolution be
laid on the table. On this the yeas and nays are
demanded.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and the motion was
disagreed to—yeas 107, nays 108; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Aiken, Allen, Barksdale, Bell, Hendlev %
b. nennett, Bocock, Bowie, Boyce, Branch, Brooks,
Kroom, Burnett, Cadwalader, John P. Campbell, Carlile,
Caruthcrs, Caskie, Bayard Clark, Howell Cobb, William-
son k. W.Cobb, Cox, Cravvfoid, Davidson, Henry Winter
Davis, Dowdoll, Dunn, Edmunds>on, Elliott, English;
.Ltheiidtfp, Eustis, Evans, Eloienoe, Foster, Henry M.
r iUler, ThomasJ. I). Fuller, Goode, Greenwood, Augustus
licili, J. Moruson Harns, Sampson \V. rianis, Thomas L.
llaiTN, Ilam^on, Haven, Herbeit, Hoffman, Houston,
Jewett, Creole W. Jones, J. Glancy Jones, Kennett. Ivid-
weil, Lake, Letcher, Lindiey, Lumpkin, Alexander K.
Marsha!!, Hmnphiey Marshall, Samuel S. Marshall. Max-
well, MeMullin, McQueen, Smith Miller, MilUon, Miil-
waul, Moore, Moidecai Oliver, Orr, Paine, Peck, Phelps,
roi tei, Powell, Puryear, Quitman, Roade, Ready, Rioaud
Liohaidson, Rivers, Ruffin, Rust, Sandidge, Savage, Scott,
Shorter, Samuel A. Smith,1 William Smith, William R.
Smith, Sneed, Stephens, Stewart, Swope, Talbott, Tnppe,
Underwood, Vail> Valk, Walker, Wdiner, Watkini
Whet'lei, Whitney, Wmslow, Daniel B. Wright, John V.
Wnjrhf, and Zolhcoflei—107.
NAYS—Me^. Albright, Allison, Ball, Banks, Barbour,
Barclay, Henry Bennett, Benson, Billmgliurst, Gmgliam,
Bishop, Bliss, Bradsliaw, Bienton, Buffington, Btirhngaine,
James II. Campbell, Lewis O. Campbell, Chaffee, Ezra
Claik, Claw-son, Coltax, Coining Covode3 Ciagin, Cullen,
Oumback, Damifll. Tinintliy Davis, Dav, Dean, De Witt,
Dick, Diekj-on, Dodd, Durfee, Edie, Flagler, Galloway,
Guiding?!, Gilheit, Graneei, Grow, Robert B. Flail, Ilarlan,
iliekman, Holloway, Thomas R. Ilorton, Howard. Kelly,
Kelsey, Kmg, Ivnapp, Knight, Knowlton, Knox, Kunkel,
Letter, Mace, Matteson, McCartv, Meacham, Kdlian
Millci, Moigan, Moinll, Mott, Muuay, Nichols, Noiton,
Andrew Ohvei, Parker, Pearee, Pelton,Pony, Pettit, Pike,
Pringle, Purvianee, Ritchie, Uobbins, Roberts, Sabm, Sage,
Sapp, Sherman, Sunmons, Spinner, Stanton, Stianalian,
Tappan, Thonngton, Thurston, Todd, Trafton, Tyson,
Wade, Walbrutee. Waldron, Cadwalader C. Washburne,
Llhhu B .Washburne, Isiael Washburn, Watson, Welch,
Wells, Williams., Wood, WroodrufT,and Woodworth—108.
So the House refused to lay the resolution on
the table.
Pending the call of the roll,
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio, said: Mr. Clerk,
I am perfectly willing to give the friends of the
resolution every opportunity to pass it if they
can; and I will again vote against laying it on the
table, so that there maybe a direct vote of the
House on the proposition.
Mr. SAVAGE. Mr. Clerk, I will give notice
that [ shall offer the resolution which I send to
the Clerk's desk, to be read for information, if the
pending proposition is defeated. It is the same
proposition that I submitted in 3849; and I wish
it to be understood that I now offer it as a choice
of evils.
The Clerk read the resolution, as follows:
Resolved, That, if the House fail to elect a Speaker
durrng thp present day, it will, on its meeting to-morrow,
apply to this proceeding, so far as practicable, the principle
embodied m the 12th article of the Amendments to the
Constitution of the United States, prescribing the mode of
electing a Piesulent and Vice President.
Resolved, That the House will, upon the calling of the
roll, ca?t its vote for Speaker; and if no person shall have
a majority of all the votes, then from the persons having
the highest numbers, (not exceeding three in the li*t of
those voted for,) the House shall proceed to choose its
Speaker; and if the three perfota on the last vote should
he voted for, and neither of them should have a majority
of all the votes, then the House shall choose its Speaker, by
another vote, from the two highest on the list.
Mr. SAVAGE. Is it in order to submit any
remarks on the resolution?
