1856!]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
323
34th Cong.... 1st Sess.
Naval Retiring Board—Mr. Crittenden.
Senate.
mere naked question of efficiency to perform duty
as a naval officer, afloat and ashore. What isthe
fair, the plain meaning of that ? Was it intended
that you should have none but perfect men in
your Navy—men perfect in morals, perfect in
science, and perfect in nautical skill ? It may be
pressed to that extreme; and, if you say that the
extremest and ultimatest degree of efficiency is
necessary, you may go to that extent. Was it
that? No, sir. Many of the bravest and most
meritorious of your officers would have been
stricken down under any such fanciful or fan-
tastical rule as this. Such could not have been
the intention of Congress.
What was meant, then? Efficiency to do duty
ashore and afloat was the object to be sought
after. The inquiry was to be in regard to each
officer, has he mannood, has he courage, has he
strength to do his duty, according to his place ?
Is he deficient in understanding? If all these
questions were answered satisfactorily, he was
efficient. This was the sole extent to which the
jurisdiction qf the board was to go. Have they
confined themselves to it ? In my judgment they
have not. They have diluted the whole matter
to such an extent as to obliterate every limit
which Congress prescribed to their jurisdiction.
The Secretary of the Navy told them that they
were to consider qualifications in a moral as well
as a philosophical and intellectual point of view.
A Navy officer must not only know his duty, be
•killful to do it, be ready and brave to perform it,
but he must have the power of persuading his
men*, he must have the eloquence of some great
commander to stir them up, to make a speech to
them, to .say, as Nelson did, the United States
" expect every man to do his duty to-day, boys,
•r some more eloquent speech than that! These
are among the moral qualifications which the
board, were told tliey were to consider. . ,
Sir, was ever a board of hardy, honest tars set
afloat on such a sea as this to navigate their way ?
Jack Tar, while he is bold, to meet the enemy,
whilf he knows every rope on a. ship, while he
is ready to head the boarders at a mome nt 'a warn-
ing, and risk his life at the command of his offi-
cer, while he has a stalwart arm to maintain the
honor of his flag, is efficient. Do you not. call
him an,efficient man in the Navy ? No, says, the
Secretary, sitting here quietly iy the seclusion of
his chamber, we must go into, his morality. If
this JackTar was known.to be a saintly sort of
a fellow, if he could fight, or pray, or preach, as ,
occasion required, ana was known to be .honest,
above all suspicion,.was known never..to take a
drink of grog in the stormiest .night there ever
was .upon the ocean,,he will have more influence
with the sailors, and that is a consideration which
is to be taken into account in estimating his fac-
ulties for command, . •, .>
Was ever anything so preposterous,.absurd,,
and .'ridiculous? And yet this is, absolutely the
course of procedure of the Secretary.of the Navy,
and this is the condition in which his instructions
placed the naval board.,. .wSir, if,I were abpat to-
choose a set of moral. professors, or a board to
sit upon questions of morality and temperance, it
would never strike me that I should seek for
such.a.board among naval officers. The Sec-
retary of. the Navy placed these poor, gallant
fellows at work on this new enterprise, and this
new voyage of discovery. He placed them there
to censider the morals of the country-r-to run at
large, free, before the wind;. and,, of course, en-
deavoring, as American sailors always do, to do
their duty, aiid a little more, they. took up this
subject fully; and now they say-^the honorable
Senator from Louisiana [Mr.Seidell] has said so
to-day—if a man ever was drunk during & storm
he is unfit to command a ship, I pay not. If
on shore he takes his frolic, that, is conclusive
evidence he is unfit for the Navy! , Why, sir,
have we not all been taught to consider it as an
incident belonging to the very character which
you have impressed oil him. yourself by the ser-
vice, in which he has been placed ? Where, is the
temperance lecturer.who wjdJ jSndiiaulf with him ?
But you have converted, the naval, board, not
into .temperance Jecturers^but, worse, than that,
you.liave converted .them into judges to rob the
navail officii* ..of that .jega^ilet. to^qpport .and
maintain which, drunk or sober, he will slied
every drop of blood in his veins. Is that the
way to treat a sailor ? You know his faults and
his foibles. The life which you have called on
him to lead creates those foibles and faults, to
some, extent. He is away on long wintry voy-
ages, exposed to the storm, and wind, anil rain,
and battle. When he comes on shore, when the
strict requirements of duty are relaxed, and there
is nothing more to be attended to, is it wonderful
that he should take his frolic ? Have you not
always considered it as belonging to his char-
acter ? Human nature endeavors to recover her-
self from her long subjection and privation by a
relaxation—by a little triumph of liberty from
that slavery to which on deck he is obliged to
conform. To find fault with this is to find fault
with the sea.
Are these poor fellows, under the sentence of
an institution thus stimulated, under the sentence
of a board of officers thus unregulated, to be con-
signed to their fate without an inquiry by the
representatives of the country? Are we to lie
down and sleep upon their graves ? We are told,
moreover, by the Committee on Naval Affairs,
that the officers of our Navy are sometimes called
upon to perform diplomatic duties. Ergo, every
lieutenant in the Navy must be fit to be a minis-
ter plenipotentiary, or this board may at discre-
tion remove him! Why, sir, in the name of
Heaven, I wonder, under these rules, that, instead
of two hundred and one, they did not exclude
from the Navy all but themselves. To expel
themselves would break up the board, and, there-
fore, they would preserve themselves; but how
any man stood the test I do not know.
These tests have been applied to a class of men
necessary, in order to the service of the country,
to be of the reckless character which you make
them. What sober, calculating, temperance man,
with a little piety added if you please, would for
your sixpence a day go on shipboard, hazard his
life in all climates,in all tempests, in all battles for
your flag ? No, sir, the character sought now to
be impressed on your Navy is not the character
of Jack—it is not the character of the sailor, and
God forbid that it ever should be. I desire it to
remain just as it has been. I am willing-to trust
the honor of the country to it. We have done so
heretofore, and we have not had cause to repine
at our confidence.
Of the two hundred and one officers who have
been disrated or dismissed, the report of the Com-,
mittee on Naval Affairs tells us, in substance, that
some of them have been stricken from the rolls,
or displaced, because they were drunkards, some
because of this infamy or that, some because of
.the want of the faculty to command—because
they had not the utmost power of command which
some men may have exercised. Why, sir, be-
tween the power of .Julius Caesar to command,
and the power of an ordinary captain in the Army
of the United States, there are infinite gradations.
Was this board to wander from the one to the j
other—from Nelson down to a common midship-
man-—and regulate the subject according to their
fancy, and their notions of qualification for com-
mand,and theirjudgment of the infinitely varying
shades of qualifications and of pretension ? Were
they to lop off tl|e head of one and to advance
another on their abitrary notions of one man's
fitness and another man's unfitness.for command?
I will never consent to it..,
Judging from the report of the committee, who
profess to.have-had.intercourse with authorities
nearest to this board, I say they have not confined
■themselves to the rule prescribed by the law—the
rule, of efficiency in the sense in which the Legis-
lature intended. They Ijave, under that name, by
construction piled upon construction, until their
, power was without limit, exceeded their lawful
jurisdiction; and we cannot tell in whose instance
this has been done. So.far as the world can
juda^e from the competency of the men acted upon,
;it has been done in a multitude of cases. . Sir, the
fact speaks for itself. Here lying before us, are
two hundred men who were, prior to the assem-
blage of this board, deemed honorable and patri-
otic by a President and Senateof the Uuited Smtes,
! and who have been commissioned in the Navy of
the United States. . They have been stricken
down by^the board. ■
I am told, however, tkait there is no discredit
attached to the action of the board. That was the
argument which was used for some time; but the
chairman of the Committee on Naval Affairs,
who held this language in the discussion before
the Seuate, reports as a ground of removal what,
if true, may justly be considered infamous. He
has reported that some were removed because
they told lies; some because they cheated and
swindled, and were guilty of the vilest crimes
which can dishonor a man or an officer Into this
indiscriminate mass of infamy and dishonor all
these men are thrown. If one inquires, " How '
came I here in this company ?" he can get no
answer. He is told that the board kept no record;
and it is only known that some were displaced
for infamy, some for old age, some for one thing
and some for another. He cannot learn in which . •
category he is placed, for all are huddled together
in the same grave of infamy and desolation.
Now, sir, on the face of this case, is it not one .. -
in regard to which the American Senate should
put forth its .utmost powers of investigation? Is ,
it not proper to investigate and redress the wrong ^
which has been-done? Is it not just to every !0
honorable man who has been thrown into this ;
class that there should be an investigation? I
think so.
The board, in my humble judgment, have mis-,-:
, taken their duty from first to last. Why did not
the act of Congress tell the President of the United '•«
States, to whom the Constitution intrusts the'
power of removal, "Remove all unworthy offi-
cers?" Why did Congress not say to him—
"Here is a retired list—here is a furlough list—.
put officers on them at your pleasure ?'' They did •
not choose to trust the Navy to the mere discre-
tionary caprice of the President. What did they • ,
do ? They interposed a board of their brother -
officers between them and the President. They, ;:
it was supposed, from their feeling of fraternity, --
from the esprit dtt corps which belonged to them, '
from their professional spirit, would be a protec- -
tion to their brother officers. What ought the
rule of conduct of the board to have been ? They
knew and felt as sensible and honorable men, the <
responsible predicament in which they were -•
placed. They ought to have recommended the -
removal of no men but such as the whole country, >
on looking at the face of their report, from a -
knowledge of the circumstances, would say de- •>
served removal. They should have entered into
no metaphysical disquisitions of the difference-^
between the amount of intellect or understanding; ,''
of one man and another. They should have .,;
entered into no metaphysical iaquiry or any other -
sort of inquiry, to know whether on® man had a
little more or a little less of the qualities of a com-
mander than another. No, sir, this was not for
them to judge of. It is hardly a subject for opin-,- i
ion. It may be a fancy; it certainly is a matter
of prejudice.
Two hundred officers of the American Navy- %
have been made the victims—yes, sir, I repeat- '
the word victims—of this board, stimulated and -
misdirected, as they were, and mistaking their, .s
vocation. Instead of being prosecutors, instead ■
of being a body to search out foibles in their'
brothers, to spy a mote in their brother's eye* >
they were placed there as their protectors,-asa--
shelter from presidential caprice and despotism.
The natural sympaties belonging to their pro- •
fession, it was supposed,, would protect them-}
but such has not been the cose; and two hundred,
of them now lie before us, victims. Whoever' '
; imagined such a state of things ? It sullies the
| honor of the country; it violates the justice of the
country; it demonstrates itself. Ipse loquitur; the -
thing itself demonstrates that there is error and "?
I .cruelty in the proceeding. That body of men to
, whom the nation has so long looked with confi- "
! dence and pride-n-that body who have never dis- ?
appointed the expectations of their country ia -:->
any emergency, are now found to be corrupt to ;
the. heart, to be unfit, to be unworthy, an<r are
cast off as defiled and disgraced tilings! Say
what you please, this is, the result. I know that „
gentlemen have spoken to us of the delicacy and
honor of this retirement. All this is a mere delu-
-sion of. words. I heard the same language used
towards a-stalwart old Pennsylvania!!, who had • ,
served in his country's Navy until a few gray •
hairs began to appear ki his head. When this
