1082
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 80,
the House, to the act entitled " An act to alter
and amend an act entitled an act to establish a
circuit court of the United States in and for the
State of California," approved March 3, 1855.
Also, that the Senate had passed an act to in-
corporate the Columbia Library of Capitol Hill,
in the city of Washington, m which he was in-
structed to ask the concurrence of the House.
ENROLLED BILLS.
Mr. PIKE, from the Committee on Enrolled
Bills, reported as truly enrolled an act to alter
and amend an act entitled f,< An act to establish a
circuit court of the United States in and for the
State of California," approved March 3, 1855;
when the Speaker signed the same.
Mr. BENSON asked the consent of the House
to introduce a bill of which previous notice had
been given.
Mr. PECK objected.
And then, on motion of Mr. BRANCH, (at
twenty-five minutes before four o'clock,) the
House adjourned until to-morrow at twelve
o'clock, m.
IN SENATE.
Wednesday, April 30, 185G.
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. Henry C. Dean.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS.
Mr. DURKEE presented the memorial of E.
M. Joslin, praying for an act of incorporation for
n granite manufacturing company in the city of
Washington, for the manufacture of a new mate-
rial known as Foster's improved building block;
which was referred to the Committee on the Dis-
trict of Columbia.
Mr. SUMNER presented additional papers re-
lating to the memorial of Philo C. Shelton and
his associates; which were referred to the Com-
mittee on Foreign Relations.
Mr. WILSON presented the petition of John
P. Andrews, praying for the adoption of meas-
ures for the suppression of the coolie slave trade
in American vessels; which was referred to the
Committee on Commerce.
Mr. JONES, of Iowa, presented a petition of
Henry P. Seholto, a citizen of tho United Stales,
p roposmg for the consideration of Congress ixprojet
of an net lor the settlement of difficulties in refer-
ence to the organization of new Territories, the '
delivery of fugitives from service,and the slavery |
question; which was referred to the Committee
on Territories.
THE DEFICIENCY BILL.
A message was received from the House of
flepresi NinlJVf.'*, by Mi . (Vr.' oat, I heir Cierk. an
nouncni" I hat the j Jons,: of R.-pr> sr nt: tives in-
sist on their disagreement to amendments of the
Senate to the bill (jf. R. No. (W) to sn;>ply_deti-
rinines in the appropriations tor the serffi| of
the fiscal year ending the 3(Uh of June, lHf>()/ami
on their amendments to other amendments of the
Senate to the said bill; ngiee to the conference
asked by the Senate on the disagreeing votes of
the two Houses; and have appointed'Mr. IT.
Winter Davis, Mr. Jamcs L. .Seward, and Mt.
Benjamin 13. Thtrston managers of tho same on
their part.
On moduli of Mr. HUNTER, it was
Ortleit'iU That the eonfur< - on tho ;>:nt ')l the rcnate be
appointed in the Pie-wlcnt pro tcm^or*': <tn(i
Mr. HrvTF.r, Mr. Totcey, and Mr. Cuitten-
DLNWure appointed. ^
BILL INTRODUCED. |
Mr. CLA\ , by unanimous consent, asked and
obtained ie-ave to introduce a bill giving to Joshua j
Kirby, mid the widow of John McNeery,a right
to enter tie land covered by the life reserve of
John Mc?seery under the Cherokee treaties of
J817 and 1819: which was read twice by its title,
and referred to ihe Committee on Private Land
Claim,s.
RESOLUTION ADOPTED. j
Air. SUMIN I'jR submitted the following reso-j
lution: which was considered by unanimous con-
sent, and agreed to:
ResolveJ, That the Committee on Finance he directed to
consider the e.\podiei«cy nf provide by law that all articles
of foreign manufacture obtained exelim u'y from<ubmcrgcd
or derelict wrecks, whether sunk in our own or foreign
waters, may be admitted free of duty; or that tiie Secretary
of the Treasury, in his discretion, may be authorized to
remit the duties to which such articles are now subject.
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES.
Mr. STUART, from the Committee on Com-
merce, to whom was referred the bill (S. No.
273) to authorize the issue of a register to the
bark Tropic Bird, reported it without amend-
ment.
HARBOR OF SHEBOYGAN.
Mr. DODGE. I am directed by the Committee
on Commerce to report back without amendment
the joint resolution of the House of Representa-
tives (J. R.No. 3) relative to the appropriation
for the improvement of the harbor of Sheboygan,
Wisconsin; and I ask that the Senate may act on
it now. It is a very small matter, involving only
$6,000 or 7,000, and I think its consideration and
passage will not take five minutes.
The PRESIDENT. The joint resolution will
; be read.
j The Secretary read, it as follows:
' Whcieas, by act of'Congress, entitled "An act making
appropriations* foi the improvement of certain harbors and
livers/' approved August 30, 1&V2, the sum of $10,000 was
, appropriated for the improvement of the harbor of Sheboy-
. {ran, Wisconsin ; and whereas, the city and county of tfhe-
! boygan have, from time to tune, made appiopriations for
! the impioveinent of Haul harbor, to the amount of $">0,000,
i to be expended by commissioners appointed by eai(T Stale ;
j; and wln-ieas, it ii desirable that said appropriations should
1 ■ bo evponded under one direction :
j | Itr it tho cj'orc resolved by the Senate and House of Rep-
'! rcsait'itire* of the Unfed States of Jimenca in Congress
a^pmJifed, That alter the Seeretaty of War shall have set-
1! tied and paid all just cUanjes existing against the saidappro-
, pnanon of .>'10.000, tlie balance thcieof, together with all
j tool.-,, implements, materials, and other piopeity whatsoevei
j belonging to the United States, and used in improving tho
; said harboi, shall be transfeired and turned over by the
: said {Secretary of War to the commissioners lor the im-
1 pjov<nnent of the paid haiboi appointed by the State of
,] Wisconsin: Provided, That the said commissioners shall
j! first give jati-.factoiy security to the Secretary of War tor
i| the lajthfnl expenditure of the money in the improvement
[ | of the said hatbor.
j| Mr. HUNTER. It seems to me that this
[: measure ought to he postponed until the other
,1 bills making appropriations for rivers and harbors
i are considered. This is one of that class.
I Mr. DODGE. It relates to a very small ap-
j propnation of six or seven thousand dollars,
i which has been already made, and which it is
j proposed to transfer from the General Govern-
| ment to tho Slate government. For the inform-
; ation of the chairman of the Committee on Fi-
i nance, I ask for the rending- of the letter of the
; S.-civtury of War, which will, I think, satisfac-
; torily explain the transaction.
' The Secretary read it as follows:
] War Department, Jlpri! 2Q, 1R5H.
; : T have examined the joint resolution in relation to
■ the inipio\enieni of the hathor of Siiebovgan, Wisconsin,
1 \\ in. b \<>u ifti ,it flu* l)f paitmcnt mi ihe j&th mutant, and
, have liie bonoi to -nv that the uiie\pended balance of
, appiopnattfu) for the improvement of tliat haihor was?, at
■ the end <>f tlio Mmtii starrer of JKV , $6,rM7 16. and that
! the rftimnted *um tor tho <'ompietion of the woik, on the
■ plan appioved Apul 17. le'ol, was cf'W.OOO. of which there
, wa-; >-\uiK) then on hand, leaving .^i-J.OOO to be provided,
i If tins Mini can be derived fioni the .v%)0,000 said to have
j been appropriated h\ ihe city and count} of Sliebovgan,
1 and added to the bnhmee ofthe f>o\ eminent appiopriauon,
to complete *he work aecoidnn* to the plan deviled by the
boaid of fmted State-* onmueei-;, ?<« t'ar from objecting to
\ the proposition eontamrd ui the resolution presented, it
| seem* to me that jt eouid nor fail to be aiike conducive to
' the piibhe and loe.i! inter.' t involved m ihe completion ot
, the lmpiovenienl ol the harbor.
j The joint resolution t> h'.iewith returned.
i \ eiv lespectiulh. voui obedient -ervant,
JEl'T'N JJAV'irf, ISccrtl'iry of War.
! Ifon IIknry Donor..
j Of the CO'inintteccn Commerce, L'tnicd Stales Senate.
< Mr. HUNTER. I ask whether this joint res-
I olution proposes a reappropriation, or only di-
i roots the mode of applying an existing appropri-
' ation ?
I Mr. DODGE. It is to apply an existing ap-
j propriation. Ten thousand dollars were appro-
, priatcd in 185i!, an-d this resolution relates to the
unexpended balance of that suru—nearly seven
: thousand dollars.
i Mr. HLTNT£Ii. It seems to me that it ought
; to have gone to the surplus fund. I do not see
ho%v it cap be used without a reappropriation.
Mr. STUART. It does not go to the surplus
fund.
Mr. DODGE. The Committee on Commerce
united in favor of the resolution. THre was no
division in the committee.
The PRESIDENT. The question is on taking
up the resolution for consideration.
Mr. HALE. Does it not require unanimous
consent?
The PRESIDENT. No, sir; a majority of
the Senate may decide whether or not it shall be
taken up.
The motion of Mr. Dodge was agreed to; and
the joint resolution was considered as in Com-
mittee of the Whole. It was reported to the
Senate without amendment, ordered to a third
reading, read the third time, and passed.
PORT OF DELIVERY.
Mr. SEWARD. I am instructed by the Com-
mittee on Commerce, to whom was referred the
bill (H. R. No- 303} creating Columbus , in Ken-
tucky, a port of delivery, to report it back, and
recommend that it be passed. As there is an
immediate necessity for the passage of the law,
I ask that the bill may be taken up and passed
now.
The Senate proceeded as in Committee of the
Whole to consider the bill.
it proposes to constitute Columbus, Kentucky,
a port of delivery within the collection district
of New Orleans, with a surveyor of customs to
i perform the duties and receive the salary and
j emoluments proscribed by the act of Congress,
! approved March 2,1831,entitled "An act allow-
i ing the duties on foreign merchandise imported
into Pittsburg, Wheeling, Cincinnati, Louisville,
St. Louis, Nashville, and Natchez, to be secured
: and paid at those places." There is a proviso
j annexed to the bill making it the duty of the
I Secretary of the Treasury to abolish this port of
I delivery whenever in his judgment the public
; interest shall no longer require its continuance.
; The bill was reported to the Senate without
! amendment, ordered to a third reading, read the
1 third time, and passed,
j CUSTOM-HOUSES, ETC.
Mr. STUART. The Committee on Commerce,
to whom was referred the joint resolution of the
House of Representatives (No. 12) for enlarging
the custom-house, post office, and court-house at
Cleveland, Ohio, have instructed me to report it
back, with amendments. As there is an imme-
diate necessity for passing on these questions, as
tile Secretary ofthe Treasury is about letting the
contracts for the construction of the buildings
under appropriations made some time ago, the
committee have instructed me to ask that the
joint resolution may be considered now.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate, as
in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to con-
sider the resolution. The amendments were to
include in the proposed enlargement the buildings
authorized to be constructed for custom-houses,
post offices, and United States court rooms, at
Detroit, Michigan, and Milwaukee, Wisconsin.
Mr. STUART. I beg leave to state, in a few
words, the eil'ect of the amendments. The reso-
lution is ci joint resolution, which has been passed
by the House of Representatives, for enlarging
the building at Cleveland, intended for a custom-
house, rourt-liouse, and post office. The plans
are the same at Mihvaukie and Detroit. Upon
inquiry, the Secretary of the Treasury and the
Postmaster General are salislied that the build-
ings, if constructed according to the original
plans, will be too small by some twenty or twenty-
five feet in length. Therefore, these officers
recommend, as they are about letting the con-
tacts in each place now for the construction of
the buildings under former appropriations, that
they have authority to enlarge them to that extent.
The amendments simply embrace the buildings at
Milwaukie and at Detroit in precisely the terms
of the resolution. As will be seen by the readin°-
of the resolution, it is provided that it is not to
be done unless the Secretary can contract for the
completion of the buildings for the sums appro-
priated. This explains the amendments.
Mr. WADE. 1 hope these amendments will
not be agreed to. There is a pressing necessity
that the construction of the building at Cleveland
should bo immediately entered upon. I have
received instructions to hurry the resolution
through as soon as I could. By great pams, 1
have been fortunate enough to obtain its passage
in the House, but 1 am very apprehensive that, if
it should go back there, it will be attended with
much delay.
