1986
TEE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
August 5.
have given to the bill also the form of an amend-
< jnent, which seemed to be desired by the people
• of the State of Ohio, a little lower down the
stream thaa either New York or Pennsylvania;
•and for the merits of that amendment, I shall be
.-obliged to call on the Senators from Ohio, while
s I am sure that the honorable Senator from Penn-
sylvania will be more competent than myself to
.explain, and defend and justify the bill which he
-introduced.
Mr. BEODHEAD. As my friend from New
York has alluded to me in his remarks, I desire
tomakeone or two observations. I introduced
this biM; but I did it under instructions, and I
-shall-vote for it under instructions. My opinions
, on die subject of internal improvements are well
.blown to the Senate, as the Senator from New
York has stated. X need not repeat them. I will
, not consume time by saying anything more.
The first amendment of the committee was
agreed to.
• Mr. TOOMBS. I should like to know where
this $90,000 is to be expended. It seems that the
■reach of the Ohio river, above the falls, is very
great, and improvements may be needed for many
hundreds of miles. If the money is to be scat-
tered all along, I should like to know where, or
for what purpose. Are we to appropriate a little
i in Ohio, a little in Pennsylvania, for New York
♦o get the great benefit ? I should like to under-
stand for what portion of the river the appropri-
ation is intended. It gives a scope that leaves a
very wide discretion. It may be for some ob-
struction here, or a hundred miles off. It is a
feneral appropriation. It may be spent within a
undred miles, or two hundred miles of the Mis-
sissippi river, or it may be spent near Pitlsburg.
You might as well give to the Secretary of War,
or somebody else, so many dollars to improve all
the rivers. The appropriation wants defmiteness.
In appropriating money from the public Treas-
ury, it should be said what it is to be done for.
• Your estimate and surveys are made under the
-idea that tfiS' Senate will judge of them, and of
the reasonableness of the improvement to be
"done. I know that is a ipistake; for there is no
one' that knows anything"ibout it, or cares about
it, so that he gets the money. If they proposed
to do it in the most absurd manner—in the most
ridiculous of all manners—if they proposed to dig
down the falls, it would he a mutter of no con-
cern. I suppose the $90,000 is to be expended
somewhere on the Ohio river, above the falls at
Louisville.
Mr. PUGH. It does not confine it above the
falls.
Mr. TOOMBS. I thought it read " above the
falls." Let the Secretary read the bill as amended.
The Secretary read the iirst section, as amend-
ed, as follows:
That thi'ie Ue appropriated for the improvement of the
navigation of the Ohio river, out of any money* in (lie
Treasury i otherwise appropriated, $00,000 ; winch sum
shall bo expended in tile improvement ol'tlie navigation of
said river.
Mr. TOOMBS. There is the difficulty. Some
Senators may hold it as an excellent improvement
to remove the Cumberland dam. 1 lnive hemd
discussions from day to day in the House of Rep-
resentatives, in regard to that dam—some saying
it was a nuisance, and others that it was a very
necessary thing. The whole $90,000 may be. ap-
propriated to taking down the Cumberland dam;
or it may be for improving the shoals at the falls
■ where the Louisville and Portland canal is; or it
may be appropriated somewhere in the State of
Pennsylvania. I say these indefinite appropria-
tions really <uid substantially defeat the constitu-
tional protection of the Treasury; for the bill
does not say how the money is to be applied, or
where, on a river extending hundreds of miles
for navigation, with different obstructions, some
snugs, others shoals, others sand-bars, and others
where there have been bad works heretofore. It
is very important that we should know this if
the Senate care anything about it; but I presume
they do not, except to get the money.
Mr HUNTER. This bill is a matter of a
good deal of importance to tho se States which
border upon the Ohio; and the mode in which
the $9G.u00 is to be expended, is a matter of a
great deal of importance. It may be so expended
as to do a great deal of harm, or it may do some
good. As I said the other day, I believe there is
no subject that presents more difficulties in the !
way of civil engineers, than that of clearing out
.streams; especially those which are stopped up
with bars and sand. There is a case in my own
State, of the Kanawha river, which is atributary
of the Ohio. Many years ago the State improved
it at a considerable expense. They undertook to
run wing-dams on the bar, and the consequence
was that they injured it more than they aided it;
and there is an application to the Virginia Legis-
ture, asking either for more money to improve it
upon better principles, or else to take away the
obstructions. The river was better before than
afterwards. I believe, sir, unless this improve-
ment is made in the bars of the Ohio river with
a great deal of judgment, it will be worse after-
wards than before.
Before this money is appropriated, we ought to
know where it is to be expended, and upon what
plan it is to be expended. One engineer of great
distinction (Mr. Ellett) has proposed that we
should make great dams in order to furnish the
river with water in the summer season. Other
engineers have thought that • wmg-dams should
be put on the bars; but they differ, and we ought
to provide that the expenditure shall be put under
the care of some person in whose judgment we
have confidence; or we ought to know something
of the plan beforehand.
I cannot vote for the bill in any event; but if 1
could, I should be unwilling to vote for this gen-
eral and indefinite appropriation, unless I knew
how the money was to be expended, for fear it
might increase the injury to the river in which
my constituents have a deep interest. There are
certain bars in the river which may be cleared
out, and if cleared out will improve the navigation
very much. But it is a question with those upon
tho river how it should be done. As yet they
have not boon improved, and I am not willing to
see the subject disposed of until we have a rec-
ommendation from the proper Department, and
surveys, and have a knowledge of some plan
upon which we may pronounce judgment.
Mr. PUGH. I think I can relieve the anxiety
of the Senator from Virginia, and perhaps of the
Senator from Georgia. This appropriation is
simply designed to repair existing woiks. As
to a new survey, the Ohio river tias been sur-
veyed times without number. It is not proposed
to set oil foot any new enterprise. The amount
is recommended by " Charles A. Puller, United
States agent and engineer of the Ohio river im-
provement," in a letter dated " Office at Louis-
ville, Kentucky," addressed to " Lieutenant Col-
onel S. H. Long, superintendent of western river
improvements,*'and by him certified with his
approval, " for continuing the improvement of the
Ohio river, including Cumberland dam, $90,000.
That is the amount in the bill, and the Senator
from Georgia wants to know what it is for.
Mr. DOUGLAS. How much for the Cum-
berland dam*
IV] r. PUGH. It does not state.
Mr. BUTLER. Is it to take down the Cum-
berland dam'
Mr. PUGH. No; it is to mend it, to carry it
up, not to pull it down. Here is one of the
works. I do not propose to read them all, but I
think from two or three specimens the Senator
will be satisfied. Commencing at Pittsburg:
" Deer Inlandtlam.—Extending across the b'iVband elmte
of JVcr NJaml ; is m good condition, but wiilrequne about
tlnee liiousand tons of stone to complete it."
That is one thing to be done.
u Da m from foot of Neville's Island to Tow-head.—A
breach has been made in tliis dam evidently tor the parage
of skifh? and other small board; about font bundled tons of
stone will fill the gap and repair tho dam "
If the Senator wants to hear the rest of them,
they are all here. That is what is proposed to
be done with this money. It is all set down in
detail.
Mr. HUNTER. The bill ought to specify for
what the^cxpenditure is to be made. Itisindefi-
nite. Whoever has charge of it may expend it
in any object which he thinks will improve the
navigation of that river. He ought to be con-
fined to some plans. The gentleman might as
well read a chapter in Genesis, for it will have
just as much control, if we pass this bill, over the
Secretary, as those estimates which he is read-
ing.
Mi. PUGH. Let us see. This work has been
in charge of these gentlemen heretofore. They
have been at work on it from year to year, for I
do not know how long; and they say to Congress
that such and such things ought to be done. They
even descend to tell us how many tons of stone
should be put into each breach; and that is not
particular enough for the Senator!
Mr. HUNTER. Is not a part of it to take
away the work that they have already done?
Mr. PUGH. There is nothing to take away
any works.
Mr. HUNTER. "We have had appropriations
for that purpose here.
Mr. BUTLER. What is to be done with the
Cumberland dam ?
Mr. PUGH. It is to be mended. There is a
breach in it, and this proposition is to mend the
dam. A while ago we had the pretense that par-
ticulars were not given. Here is a regular bill
of particulars, and the Senator may have it if he
wishes. They say they can do these things for
§90,000.
Mr. TOOMBS. Might it not interfere with
some good citizen's employment? Is there not
occasionally a steamboat piloted through the
opening in that dam?
Mr. PUGH. That is not in my jurisdiction;
it is below my State. That is between the Sen-
ator from Indiana and the Senator from Ken-
tucky.
Mr. BUTLER. I ask my friend from Ohio,
whether it has been distinctly settled that the
Cumberland dam is an improvement or not?
Mr. PUGH. There is a difference in opinion
It is a great benefit to the navigation of the Cum-
berland river. There is no doubt about that;
but I seriously doubt whether it is any benefit to
the navigation of the Ohio river.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. There is an-
other amendment proposed hy the committee to
the second section, in relation to the Louisville
and Portland canal. The question is on that
amendment.
Mr. BRIGHT. I move to strike out all that
relates to the canal. I am very willing to appro-
priate money for the improvement of the Ohio
river; but, situated as the canal is at this time, I
am unwilling to mix it up with an appropriation
for that river. There are some things connected
wuh that canal which should be understood and
explained before theie is any further legislation
on the subject.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Thefirstques-
tion is on the amendment of the Committee on
Commerce.
The amendment was agreed to.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Now the Sen-
ator from Indiana proposes to strike out the
whole of the sccond section of the bill.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. I do not know why
Unit should bo done. The private interests which
existed in that canal are paid off, or, perhaps,
there may remain a very small sum, which will
soon be paid off by the operation of the canal
itself. When that is done the interest of the com-
pany is extinguished entirely, and the United
States have the entire property m the canal. What
is to be done with it? When the individuals
c^ase to have an interest they will cease to keep
charge of the work. It is the sole property of the
United States, and this provision simply declares
that the possession of it shall be assumed by the
United States and taken care of, levying such
tolls as will keep the canal in repair. It seems
to me that this is absolutely necessary to take
care of your own property. I think it ought not
to be stricken out. It is the property of the United
States.
Mr. TOOMBS. This presents the question in
the most naked form for the consideration of the
people of the United States in which it could be
possibly presented. It is nothing more than a
bill to confiscate $2,000,000 of public property to
the use of the navigators of the Ohio river. It is
exactly that thing and nothing else. It is to con-
fiscate ,§2,000,000 of public property for the ben-
efit of the navigators of the Ohio river who go
through this canal.
Many years ago, the Congress of the United
States, under fraudulent pretenses that they were
going to be reimbursed for their expenditure—
if you will look at the debate you will find it; I
have read it, and therefore lam saying what I
do know—under the representation that this
