1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1063
I know that the buildings alluded to by the
Senator from Michigan, stand on the same reason
and the same equity, and I am as willing to vote
for each of them as separate measures, as for the
resolution itself; but to attach them to this pro-
Fosition will cause delay which I wish to avoid.
am apprehensive that, if these amendments be
adopted, and the resolution be returned to the
House, it will go on the Speaker's table; from
thence be referred to the Committee on Com-
merce; and when they will be able to report it
back I cannot say. This course will certainly
cause a great deal of delay. As I have said, I
am instructed to speed the resolution through as
soon as I can; and having succeeded so far as to
obtain its passage in the House, I am unwilling
that it shall be cloggod and delayed by these
amendments. I do not wish it to he understood
that I am not ready to aid the gentleman in the
extension of the works proposed by him, for
they are as meritorious as the original proposi-
tion in which I am interested; but I wish to
escape the delay which their addition to this res-
olution will cause to the progress of the work at
Cleveland. And I think, having got it through
the House, I am entitled to have it passed sepa-
rately. I hope the amendments will be disagreed
to, and the resolution for the Cleveland custom-
house be adopted without amendment.
Mr. CASS. I regret that the Senator from
Ohio has made this opposition to the amendments
of the committee. There is no reason why an
augmentation should take place at the custom-
house and court building at Cleveland, which
does not apply to Mihvaukie and Detroit. I hold
in my hand a letter of the Secretary of the
Treasury, recommending the addition of twenty-
five feet to each of the buildings. If the build-
ings go up according to the present plan, within
a few years they will require a considerably
larger expenditure in order to accommodate the
growing business of these towns. There is no
reason why these matters should not be taken up
together. The Senator from Ohio is presuppos-
ing that the House will neglect these two cases
which require their attention, and that the matter
will pass by. The same reason that applies to the
building at Cleveland, applies to the other two.
The officers are in process of making the contract
for the works. The appropriation was made last
year. The notices are out, and the Treasury De-
partment is justly anxious that the contracts
should be made, and is on the point of making
them. We have a chance that all three of these
works will be provided for at once, if the amend-
ment be made. If not, as the honorable Senator
says, we shall have to begin again, and the prob-
ability is that we cannot got it through the Senate
very readily. The amendments relate to the same
subject-matter as the original resolution—build-
ings of the same description and in the same
region of country; and there is no reason appli-
cable to the one which is not applicable to the
other. I am much obliged to the honorable Sen-
ator for using his exertions to obtain the passage
of the original resolution in the other House; and
I have no hesitation in saying that if these amend-
ments be inserted in it, and if he will use the
same exertions, he will get them all through
without any difficulty.
Mr. WADE. The gentleman seems to sup-
pose that I am opposing his proposition. The
fact is, as I said before, that I believe all these
measures stand on the same ground. I have been
anxious to get them through; and if he had been
as anxious to obtain the passage of his particular
proposition, it would have been in as favorable a
position; and I should have got them all through
at the same time if I had been notified of their
necessity. I am exceedingly anxious that this
resolution shall be passed without delay, for I
know that those interested in the work are anx-
ious for its passage. I do not believe that it will
delay the Senator's measure for a single hour.
Let us pass each separately, and send them to
the House, where they will be passed as soon as
if attached to my resolution as amendments.
There is no necessity that I can see for delaying
my resolution. It may be adopted this moment,
and a separate resolution making an appropriation
for these other works will be passed just as soon
as though they were all in the same bill. I trust
that the Senate will indulge me in this particular;
but if the Senate think the amendments should
be added to the resolution, I cannot prevent it; I
shall yield.
Mr. HUNTER. Mr. President, I believe it
will scarcely be denied by any one who has
looked to the appropriations for public buildings,
especially for custom-houses and marine hospitals,
that they have been pushed greatly too far. One
of the means by which it has been done has been
this: Congress first commits itself to the building
on one plan and estimate, and then they come
here with additional estimates, saying that the
buildings originally authorized were not large
enough. For one, I am disposed to hold them to
the original estimate, unless very good reason can
be shown why we should depart from it. I have
heard none in this case.
I believe that we are extending this business of
building expensive custom-houses much too far.
The day will not be distant, if we go on as we
have been doing, when the interest on the money
expended in these public buildings will amount
almost to the sum annually raised by customs.
This is one of the causes of expenditure which
should be carefully scrutinized and looked into;
and I shall vote for no bill which proposes to add
to the expenditure, unless some good reason can
be given me for doing so. There has already
been an appropriation made on one plan for these
buildings, and we are now asked to alter it and
to increase it. I hear no good reason given for it.
Mr. STUART. I am very sorry that the
Senate should havo been delayed a moment on
this question. The Senator from Ohio seems to
address the Senate as if this were his resolution,
or a resolution in which the State of Ohio was
particularly interested. Now, sir, it is a public
question; it is a question concerning the United
States. The United States are erecting these
buildings at their own cost, for their own pur-
poses and for their own business.
What do the proper Departments of the Gov-
ernment now say ? They say that at these three
places—at Cleveland, to which the House resolu-
tion applies, at Milwaukee, and at Detroit—they
are now engaged in letting the contracts. They
have advertised for proposals, and the contracts
are about to be let; and they have become satis-
fied that the plans are too small. They are all
public buildings, and all stand on the same foot-
ing. It seems to me, therefore, that it is improper
to suppose that the State of Ohio has a right to
have a bill which provides for aGovommon tbuild-
ing at Cleveland passed by itself. These arc Gov-
ernment buildings, and they all stand alike, to be
used for Government purposes and no other. It
is a question for the United StatPH.
Again, sir, the Senator from Virginia objects
to this proposition, and classes it with marine hos-
pitals. This is a different thing entirely. These
buildings will be used for custom-houses, United
States courts, and post offices.
There is an indispensable necessity for such
buildings at some points. You cannot protect
records of j^our courts and of the custom-houses;
you cannot protect the public mails unless you
have proper buildings. Both the Treasury and
Post Office Departments have considered these
eases with a great deal of care, and have become
satisfied that the plans originally adopted are too
small, and that each of these buildings at Cleve-
land, Detroit, and Milwaukie should be ex-
tended twenty-five feet. They recommended it
strongly, and they say there is a necessity for
it; that the contracts have been advertised for,
and are about being let.
I consulted yesterday with the Senator from
Ohio on this question, and I have conversed with
members of the House upon it. I believe I may
say, without arrogance, that I understand the
rules of the House of Representatives, and I
know what will be done with subjects of this
kind. This bill, when it goes back to the House,
it is true, will go on the Speaker's table, but it
is in order every morning at the expiration of the
morning hour to move to proceed to the business
on that table, and a majority can do it. This
bill will then be reached, and when reached a
majority of the House can concur in the amend-
ments. "When the bill was passed by the House
a day or two ago, it was taken up, on a motion
to suspend the rules, and carried by three fourths
of all the votes in the House—this single appro-
priation standing; by itself. What was the reason?
Not because it was for Ohio, but because the
Government needed it; because the condition of
the contracts was such that the House vras satis-
fied that it should be done, and done at once.
In order that I might be certain on this subject
I conversed with members of the House last even-
ing: and this morning, and I can assure the Sena-
tor that it will not delay his resolution at all. I
would not do that; I would not incumber it or
clog it, as the Senator says. I must remark,
however, that if our positions were transposed,
inasmuch as these cases stand on precisely the
same footing in every respect, the contracts "being
about to be let in eaclypise, the buildings being
of exactly the same dimensions, the enlargement,
according to the Department, being of precisely
the same extent, the necessity being in all re-
spects alike—I should not object to the amend-
ments. I hope the Senate will adopt them.
Mr. W ADE. 1 did converse with the Senator
from Michigan about these amendments, and I
expressed my apprehension of a delay yesterday.
Since that t have consulted with experienced
members of the House, and I have been assured
by them, that if the resolution be amended it will
be attended with a great deal of delay and diffi-
culty; it will again go into the hands of the Com-
mittee on Commerce, who can only report it back
on certain days, and perhaps it would be delayed
for one or two weeks at least. It was for this
reason that I was anxious that the original prop-
osition should be separated from the others—not
because Ohio is particularly interested in it. I
know very well that it is a national affair; but I
know as well that I am intrusted personally and
specially with this resolution, as 1 presume the
Senator from Michigan is with the amendment in
regard to the building in his own State. I feel
anxious that the resolution with which lam par-
ticularly intrusted should be promptly attended
to. I d.o not claim that it is any more important
for the public than the amendments are. I sup-
pose they all stand on the same principle. I know
more about the one under my care than I do of
the others; and I know that those who have it in
charge arc exceedingly anxious that it should be
passed at once. As the other Senators did not
see fit to take particular pains to bring their prop-
ositions forward, I supposed that they did not
feel quite as great a necessity for haste in their
cases as I did m mine. Still, if the Senator from
Michigan is right in regard to the rules of the
House, and will assure me that it will not be at-
tended with delay, I will withdraw my opposi-
tion to the amendments, as I do not wish to be
captious.
Mr. STUART. I am sure of it.
Mr. HUNTER. This is an important matter,
and I hope the Senators will consent to let it lie
over until we can look into the evidence on which
the proposition is founded. Here it is proposed -
to change the plans and estimates, and to make
an increase of appropriations to the amount of
over $90,000,as I understand. I think it requires
souas examination. There can bo no doubt but
tl(rc we have pushed this branch of expenditure
too far, and we ought to look into it to see by
what rule we will be governed. I, for one, do
not admit that we ought to build a post office
wherever the mail goes. There are many places
in which we had better rent than erect a building
for that purpose. Nor do I admit that we are to
build a court-house wherever a court is held. We
may make more economical provision in many
cases. Special reasons ought to bo given for the
special cases. I am unwilling that this proposi-
tion should be voted on until we have some time
to look into the reasons for it. One case comes
from the House providing for a building in Cleve-
land, Ohio, and the Senator from Michigan says
there are just reasons why others with which he
is intrusted should be provided for; and so it
will bo argued hereafter by those who have cus-
tom-houses under their charge in other portions
of the Union, that theirs ought to be enlarged in
a similar manner. One seems to make a prece-
dent for another. I think, sir, we ought to look
into the matter before we vote upon it.
Mr. CASS. So far as respects the propriety
of the appropriation at Detroit, I have a report
from the Treasury Department recommending it.
I had a conversation with the Secretary myself,
and he had a consultation with Captain Bowman,
who has charge of these works throughout the
country—an officer of experience and discretion.
