THE CONGKESSIONAL GLOBE.
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN C. RIVES, WASHINGTON, D. C.
Thirty-Fourth Comgkess, 1st Session.
THURSDAY, AUGUST 6, 185G.
New Series No, 122.
would be an investment which would pay some-
thing into the public Treasury, agreed to appro-
priate about a million of dollars to this canal. I
think that was the sum. They agreed with cer-
tain private stockholders who appropriated other
sums of money, to make the investment. It was
done. The work turned out to be a good enter-
prise—one of the best ever undertaken, for its
extent, in the United States. It was so good an
enterprise, that after a number of years the Le-
gislature of Kentucky adopted a plan by which
the tolls should go to the private stockholders,
allowing them a large interest, I think eight per
cent, per annum on their stock, and forty per
cent, premium. In order to give them f 140 for
$100 paid in, they seized and confiscated the tolls
rightfully due to the United States on their stock,
and appropriated it to the extinction of the prin-
cipal and premium of private stockholders. That
scheme, as the Senator from Kentucky properly
states, has nearly worked out to its consumma-
tion. By the seizure of the dividends of the United
States, and applying them to the extinction of
the original sum—$100 a share paid in—and forty
per cent, premium, the Government is the owner
of the canal under this contract. It is perfectly
adequate to pay large sums of money to the people
of the United States according to the original
intention, and the original charter, I think,
granted by the State of Kentucky.
What is the objection to doing it ? Not that
the property is not good; not that the money is
lost; but that the properly is too good. Though
New York and Massachusetts, and all the old
States, I presume, without a single exception,
have appropriated theirmoney for improvements,
and charged their own citizens, and everybody
else who passes through them, toll for using
them, the principle of this bill is, that the United
States shall not, even when it is convenient and
profitable to adopt that system, have it, but that
your property shall be confiscated for the par-
ticular navigating interests of the Ohio river.
Mr. PUG-H. Will the Senator show where,
in the bill as it now stands, there is any such
provision ? I do not understand what the Senator
is striking at.
Mr. TUOMBS. I will state how it does it.
The Senate have adopted the recommendation of
the committee, that the canal shall go into the
hands of the United States, and they charge such
email tolls alone as will pay its current expenses.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. Here is the amend-
ment of the committee: "After said canal shall
have come into the possession of the United
States as aforesaid, such tolls shall be chargcd as
will be sufficient to keep the same in repair, and
pay the expenses of taking care thereof."
Mr. TOOMBS. Certainly. I say by the bill
as it now stands you are to levy enough to pay
its expense and keep it in repair; and so far as
profit is concerned, I am sustained in saying that
this property is confiscated. That cannot be
denied. I have stated the facts distinctly, clearly,
and fairly. It is one of the improvements which
I have looked at for a number of years without a
doubt that this would be its termination; and there
is even a projet now—I do not know whether it
has been accepted by this committee—to build
anothercanal on the Indiana side of the Ohio river.
Indiana will not do it, but she seeks to get an im-
provement there, which, according to the report
of the engineers, will cost $8,000,000.
Mr. BRIGHT. One million six hundred thou-
sand dollars.
Mr. TOOMBS. Eight million dollars. The en-
gineers say that the cost ofa canal commencing at
Jefi'ersonville, and going entirely below the falls,
is §8,000,000. Another one may be made by
going half way for less money.
Rut the principle to which I am calling the
attention of the Senate and the country is this:
Here we have made a work which has been of
freat advantage'to the country; the private stock-
olders have got their money, and a large interest
of eight or ten per cent., (at one time it was greater,
but they finally agreed to take eight per cent.,)
122
and forty per cent, premium. They have used
the public property to purchase the private stock,
and then they confiscate all the public property
for this interest. That is what I have said; that
is what I have denounced; that is what I have
complained of; that is one of the things for
which I have met the reproach of the honorable
Senator from Michigan, for saying it was a con-
fiscation and robbery of the property of the
United States for the particular and local interest
which trafficked through this channel of com-
merce.
"Why should it be done? Why not propose to
put the tolls upon such a basis as will give a fair
interest to the public Treasury ? It was said, I
know, bv Mr. Wilson, in the convention which
framed the Constitution, when he wanted to give
this power, that that would be done. It was
objected that the money would comc out of the
common Treasury, and the benefit be local. He
replied that it might be made a sourcc of revenue.
As I remarked upon a former occasion, very little
wisdom was shown in that observation. We
have had before us, not only to-day, but for the
last ten years, this improvement. It is a good
improvement, and a profitable one. A very small
toll will pay the interest, and reimburse the United
States; and if your system be a good one, you
can apply the money to the development of other
portions of this wide Republic from here to the
Pacific ocean. I say a very moderate toll will do
it, as has been shown by the management of this
canal for the last ten years. But you propose to
confiscate the public property for this interest. I
say it cannot be defended by the practice of the
States of this Union. Gentlemen come here and
adopt a different rule in the appropriation of the
money of the United States than they do m the
money of their own States. Why? Sir, there is
but one reason. Disguise it as you may; call it
what you may; object to the terms " robbery " and
" plunder" as you may; that is the reason, and the
only reason. It is because you get more money
by these appropriations for partial improvements
than you pay into the Treasury. It is because
the Treasury is divided unequally. It is not with
reference even to the magnitude of this improve-
ment, but it is the consummation of this system,
that I have denounced as flagitious in its origin,
corrupting in its tendency, and with a sole object
to appropriate money to local and personal ob-
jects.
Mr. PUGH. I wish to show the Senate how
plain a statement will answer the Senator from
Georgia. He says that the General Government
has appropriated two millions of money for this
work.
Mr. TOOMBS. One nyllion.
Mr. PUGH. It appropriated §233,500—not a
cent more.
Mr. TOOMBS. The Senator is entirely mis-
taken. As the Senator from Kentucky saiu to
me, about $91)0,000 was appropriated.
Mr. PUGH. 1 wiil show the Senator, and he
can ascertain it. A subscription was made to the
stock of a company, to buy so mony shares, and
they were bought at their por value. That is
the sum literally, and it is so reported by the Sec-
retary of the Treasury, on the 1st of April, 18.56,
to the House of Representatives. Ilere is the
document.
Mr. TOOMBS. It is a mistake. Tt is a question
of fact; and [ will produce the evidence to show
that the Senator from Ohio is utterly mistaken in
his statement.
Mr, PUGH. Let us see what the Secretary
of the Treasury says:
" The work wo.*? completed in the month of December,
1330. It cost $1,019,277 —
That was the whole cost of the canal—
'•of winch the General Government contributed $-233,500
m stock."
Here is the statement of the Government ofii- 1
cer, the Secretary of the Treasury. Now, sir, ;
is it true that this money, which the General j
Government paid out for the improvement of the
navigation of the Ohio river at the falls, has I
never come back into the Treasury? I say it
has come back, and more, in the shape of divi-
dends. Here is the table on page 85:
" The money dividends actually paid out by the company
to the stockholders, the. United States inclusive, from the
6th of January, 1834, to the 3d of January. 1842, amount
to $8,222,539. Of these dividends the United States Treas-
ury lias received sums amounting in all to $-257,778, as
follows, to wit."
And here are the dividends given one after an-
other. Now, how much have we plundered the
Treasury ? The Treasury has plundered us.
We have paid back every dollar the Government
ever gave. What has been the rate of taxation
imposed on the commerce there by this Govern-
ment?—for the United States Government has had
the controlling interest in this company; her vote
has determined everything; her vote has determ-
ined the election of officers; her vote has determ-
ined the rate of tolls. Here is the gross amount
of tolls levied from 1832 to 1842 on the shipping
that passed through the canal.
"Amount of toils levied, .$1,107,599 78."
Divided by eleven, the number of years during
which the tolls were received, the annual tax was
$100,690 89. That is the tax per annum levied
by this Government on the commerce thatpasses
through that canal; and for what5 For the priv-
ilege which is enjoyed by the citizens of every
other part of the Union, of finding access to the
ocean with their property.
The Senator has spoken of the act for the can-
cellation of private slock. That was not passed
until 1842. Before 1842, as I have shown the
Senate now, the United States Treasury had
been reimbursed every dollar of the original in-
vestment, and more. The act wa« passed m 1842
by the Legislature of Kentucky, for this canal-
was made by a corporation of that State. It au-
thorized the company (it was not compulsory) to
appropriate its dividends to the purchase of stock
belonging to individuals. If it had not been ac-
ceptable to the corporation, the United States,as
controlling stockholder, would have voted against
it, and it would have been defeated.
Mr. TOOMBS. I ask the Senator, how was
the United States the controlling stockholder,
with $200,000 worth of stock in a million?
Mr. PUGH. She was not against all the other
stockholders; but she was by far the largest
stockholder. She never dissented from the ar-
rangmcnt, in point of fact. Her vote was always
given by proxy, as another document transmitted
to the flouse of Representatives by Mr. Corwin,
when he was Secretary of the Treasury, will
show.
I admit that the whole dividends, not merely
those of the Government, but of all the corpora-
tors, were appropriated to the purchase of stock
belonging to individuals; and I admit that the
stock was bought at a premium. That is a thing
with which we were not concerned, and had
nothing to do. We could not prevent it. But
what is the present situation? That stock has all
been paid, and the property now does belong to
the Government. The Senator from Kentucky
said there was a small residue not purchased.
That is a mistake: it is all purchased.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. I said that possibly
there might be some outstanding; but I was not
apprised of the fdct.
Mr. PUGH. I will explain the matter to my
friend in a moment. There is no provision of law
authorizing the Secretary of the Treasury, on
behalf of the Government, to take possession of
this woik so as, in the language of this bill, to
prevent it falling into decay, and obstructing
navigation. Inasmuch as he had no method by
which he could take possession of it, he has
allowed some of the stock which has actually
been purchased and paid for, to remain untrans-
ferred in the names of individuals, in order to
keep up the fiction of a corporation; and that ia
all this bill proposes to remedy. It provides that,
instead of keeping up that fiction of a corpora-
tion in which the Government owns all the stock,
and the officers of which are simply the appointees
