1856.]
AtHPEkbtX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBS.
8*27
34th Cong—1st Sess.
Naval Retiring Board—Mr. Clayton.
Senate.
the naval board, in retiring naval officers. When-
ever a discussion of this subject arises, the name
of Lieutenant Maury is prominently presented
f to us. This is always deemed the strongest case
I which can be submitted. 1 have never said, or
I undertaken to affirm, that no injustice may not
•' have been committed by this board. I have Said,
however, thatit was Unintentionally done, if done
' at all. 1 never alleged that no mistake had been
made, because I do not know whether i' be so
or not; but I' never have admitted that injustice
haB been committed by them, because I have seen
no instance in which that injustice was proved;
and I call on all men here now to point out, if
they can, a single case where the charge of in-
justice against the board, the President, or the
Secretary of the Navy, has been by proof main-
tained. So far as the investigations have pro-
ceeded, there has not been a single instance of
injustice proved; but the conjecture that injustice
has been committed still remains a'matter of mere
supposition, though it is repeated from one end
of the Senate Chamberto the other de die in diem,
until at last the people of the country are induced
to imagine that here is a mass or the greatest
injustice that ever was committed among men.
When we come down to specific cas«s, Lieuten-
ant Maury's is constantly presented, and I will
take his case as the strongest one, and examine
the proofs before the Senate; and see whether
he has been dishonored, whether he has been
badly treated, and whether he ought not toi have
been placed on the absence-leave list instead of
being retained on the active list of - the Navy. I
undertake to maintain that he should hove been
retired on the honorable leave list. I proceed to
do so, not because I desire to make an attack on
that gentleman, or on any one else, but in defense i
of officers of the Government who have faithfully !
performed their duties. I will present the facts of
that case as I understand them.
It will be recollected, Mr, President, that I
warned the Senate, on an early day" during' this
session, that it was indiscreet and- improper to
1 discuss these questions in open session. I asked
the Senate to take up these cases and discuss
them in executive session, where I thought they
properly belonged. But the officers who have been
retired through their friends here demanded a pub-
lic investigation in every case. " We are ready
to stand the test," said they. What has been
the result? An attack has been made, day after :
day, on all the officers of the Government who
have -been concerned in carrying out the laV, while
gentlemen who are endeavoring to defend what
they deem to be right,'have delicately, scrupu-
lously abstained from making any attack in return
on a single officer on either of . the retired lists,
or the dropped list.
-The Senator from Texas, [Mr. HbesTfcif,) in
in his speech delivered Kere, referred at' -length
. to Lieutenant Maury, and disclosed in hi* re-
marks, as I think, the great reason Which makes
him so exceedingly anxious, on all oecasions.to
attack the members of the naval board. • I Shall
be permitted by the Senate t« read a few sen-
tences from his published speech. He-says:
"It will Hot be consideredegotistical wheii I refer ifrdays
vput, as they form a- portion ofthehUtorf of die country,
.ant when the referenc«i« Hot maieft* the purooeepf com-
plimenting myself; but it is to pie a subject of graojlation
and delight, til at I had aninstrilmentality in placing iritis
proud position in the service one of the distinguished offi-
cers of the Navy. In 1635, when* Kepreseatative<fiom the
State of Tennessee, I obtained a midshipman's wairaatfor
Matthew F. Maury, who then entered, the Navy, I have
watched his carreer since with paternal solicitude. I have
gloried in his prosperity; andbia distinctions fhove always
considered as reflecting honor opon myself, while the nation
was honored by Ins achievements."
Again, he says: .- .. .
-i f'Tber may strike him off,aat embarrass his praMsctg
..as an officer of the N avy, if they please, qbould their action
'be indorsed; but they cannot limit the world-wide fame
which be has acquired, nor can they snatch from him that
wreath of civio glory that his own exertions hsva won."
Farther, referring to something which had been
stated by the honorable chairman of th6 Commit-
tee on Naval Affairs, the Senator remarks:
"He says that Maury has often been withdrawn at his
awn instance from sea service; and tlmt he had asked for
his present position at the Observatory; butthe latter state-
ment was afterwards corrected by the honorable chairman,
and very justly. He did not petition for a situation at the
Observatory. - ■, : .
" But, sir, Maury has been taunted by a lieutenant on the
board with his civic distinction, his ease, and quiet; while
the same lieutenant tiunlcs that it is hazardous, and trouble-
some, and disagreeable to perform the seafaring part of an
officer's duty, I have noticed these taunts. I do not know
the individuals from whom they emanate, but they excite
in me no indignation. I considered them beneath the con-
tempt of a statesman."
Now, sir, I niake the issue distinctly. The
question is, ought Lieutenant Maury to have
remained on the active list of the Navy, or ought
j he to have been retired ?
j We know, from the allegations contained in his
j, own. memorial, that in the year 1839 he received
|. & severe and rouch-to-be-deplored injury by the
!' upsetting of a stage coach in the town of Somer-
set, in the county of Perry, nearly in the middle
of the State of Ohio. He refers us to the report
of the trial which took place between himself and
Talaiailge, the owner of the stage, at the time,
firom whoja he recovered damages. I hold in my
hand the book which contains the report of that
trial,(2 McLean's Reports,) and I ask the atten-
tion of the Senate to a few passages in it.
The judge, (Leavitt,) in summing up the case
i and-charging the jury, which he did with great
care and much ability, said, repeating the evi-
dence;
"At the time of the upset, the plaintiff was sitting with
the driver, a<vd at. his right band. side. The plaintiff was
thrown several feet from the stage. . The physicians who
saw and attended him at Somerset, testified that one of his
knees was dislocated, upward and downward ; the liga-
ments of the knee-pan torn asutider, leaving the knee-pan
an inch out of its natural position; and, also, that there
was a longitudinal fracture 'of the thigh bone. Two eminent
sorgeons of Philadelphia, who examined the plaintiff's knee
some months after the accident, testified that, in addition
to the injuries above stated, there was a vertical fracture
of the patella, pr knee-pan. They also state that the joint
is greatly deformed, and the injury so great and permanent
in its character/as to disable the plaintiff, 1'or life, from the
performance of his duties as a lieutenant in the Navy."
These were the facts proved on the trial by two
of'the most eminent surgeons from Philadelphia,
brought to Ohio by Lieutenant Maury to obtain
^damages from the-defendant correspondent to the
injury whieh he had sustained. Let us see how
he-obtained those damages. The judge proceeds
to say:
from the " temporary disability incurred by the
Ohio accident. _
But, sir, this is' not all the testimony which
exists in the case, on which the Senate is invoked
to form a judgment, in reference to this gentle-
man. I ask attention for a moment to another
fact. He applied for a pension on the ground of
disability fgr life. On the 19th of December, 1839,
he presented to the Pension Office the certificate
of Drs. Stone and Boerstter, of Ohio, that " it
j is our decided opinion that his (Maury.'s) dis-
' ability will continue for life." Again, en the
3d of February, 1840, James C. Mercer, a Sur-
geon in the United States Navy, certified that
"Maury " is now suffering under total disability."
On the 24th of February, 1840, Lieutenant Maury
ifrrote a letter to'Mr. Pali]ding, the Secretary of
the Navy, inclosing a certificate of disability from
surgeons, and asking to be put oti the Navy pen-
sion list. On the 31st of July, 1840, Lieutenant
Maury wrote a letter to the Commissioner of Pen-
sions, wishingtoknofw if recordsof courts in Ohio
would not be sufficient evidence of his disability
to entitle him tb be placed on the pension roll,
j On the 5th of September, 1840, he„ transmitted &
; certificate of Surgeohs Kearney and Washington,
of the United States Navy, as to his "permanent
three fourths disability.'' The 4th of September,
1840, is the date of the certificates of Surgeons
Kearney and "Washington, inclosed in the letter
to which I have just alluded, affirming his per-
manent three fourths disability. On the 28th ef
June, 1841, Lieutenant Maury wrote a letter to
Mr, Biidger, Secretary of the Navy, asking that
his pension, which had been granted for half
disability, might be increased to a pension for
three fourths disability, showing that in his own
opinion, as well as that of the surgeons, the dis-
ability did not diminish by time. According to
all'human reasoning we must suppose that his
disability increased with the lapse of time, unless
his physical organization is different from that
of the rest of mankind.
Wo know that a terri
'ble-wound like that, received in the bloom of
; youth or the vigor .of manhood; is felt much less
He wm detained at Somerset .seventy days in the htmds [ then than afterwards in declining age. I do not
    "   ' ■--- exact age, but I suppose it is in the
tod of fifty years. About sixteen years
ago he received this injury, and it is natural to
. suppose that It still affccts him seriously, though
.such is not his o^n opihion, judging from Eis
i memorial. The acts of Congress of 1841 and
1844 put an erid to p'ensions while an officer is on
i duty , and so li is'pension "was discontinued. '
! I ha.ve been futnished by the chairman of the
* Cbnitnittfee on Naval Affairs [Mr.MALLonY] with
A papery Sent to hini on his demand from the
Nav V Department, which I will read to the Sen-
ate, because a part of it relates directly to thia
subject: ' •
*Savy DEyittTMENt, Jtmuary tf, 183^.
private Conveyance fbr his residence is eastern Virginia.
The expenses of plaintiff, during Ms detention at Somerset,
for medical -attendance, boarding, nursing, &c., amounted
to about two hundred and fifily dollars."
: Thep, iir the concluding part of his charge to
the jury, the judge wtysi
i " In1 the assessment of damages, the jurv is not restricted
, to the actual expenditures of the plaintiff, in consequence
i-SC-tJje Jnjip-j; received, ftnd .compensation for thejloss of
tnfttf;; t)Ut it may property talKe into consideration the nature
ite prott&ble bearing and effect
fBS'piwppects* in life, in reference to the profession
iwm fas, prospects in 1
phieh bie bas adopted."
" The jury were thus charged that they could
give damages not merely correspondent with the "Lieutenant tfaiiry receives, under the act o"f Marcl, 3,
actual expenses incurred, but such damages as 1847, a salary per htfrmm..'.:  $3,Boo
they might think fairly resulted from the facts I1 " Besides bouse rentf«se, say.... ,  800
proved, which facts established a disability for H ' X'^u- ,,,
fife ' 11 A horse audcarfy7all, whictus used by Observatory,juid
llre' •' ' •' also by Mr. Maury and' his family.
I" « He tms a Vegetable gnrden attached to the linuwe, and a
| laborer, paid oat of the public money, cultivates H. ■
4:;f ''(find that-J*ieutenaavMaury received ilia injuty ■:
What verdiot did they give? Two hundred
«nd- fifty-dollanj only—the amount of tois? ex-
penses ? No, sir, they gave a verdict for $3,325,
of whieh it is palpable more than $2,000 must
have been for damages in iconsequence of the
proof before the jury that he was disabled perma-
nently.
How- doesiUeutenant Maury treat thait matter
in hi memorial to the Senate ? You will find, by
-reettrHhg to it, that he says that although he was
disabled then, he is not disabled now. Well, sir,
but he was-disabled'for life-then, according to
his own allegation, supported by the highest
testimony; and it will not do to say that ne is
Wot at al|_disabled now.. Is it competent for him,
-after having caused these facts to be established
completely to the satisfhetion of a court and jury,
now to say that it is not trufe that the damage for
which he recovered was & disability for life? He
proved then that he was disabled for life, but he
is now able, -as he says, to perform all the duties
of a lieutenant in the Navy, or, to use the words
of his'own memorial," equal to the prompt and
efficient performance of any professional duty
whatever, upon which the Government tnay be
pleased to order him." He says he has recovered
,f " ( find that-J^utemkavMapry received ilia injuty sf}nie
,<tVtt>e late in 1839, nt-ar .Somerset, Ohio, wluH traveling, as
Tie.states, in obedience to orders from the fleparimelil^'of
date 10th September, 1836, directed tohim at Fredericks-
burr, Virginia, and ordering liim to proceed to New Vnrk,
for djtty Oft board the Qqnsort. ... ,
"The proper duty pay of Maury is $1,500 per'aim'iiia.,
- " I find that $297 50 was allowed Maury fm- ilnehSt's'Tiilla
and otlierexpensescohneeted'with mending teg, lie also
drew for«ometime afterwards a pension of ,$150 par annum."
Sir, I think ft is pretty clearly established tft>at
^unfctsS this gentleman is differently constituted
from the "rest of his fellow-creatures, he whs
under a disabilityTfor life some years hgrt, which
cftuld not have diminished with increasing age
and the eonfinerftfent resulting from his scientific
studies,'ih a manner so extraordinary as to enable
him now to perform alt the duties df'alieutenant
'in the Navy-of the United States, both ashore
and afloat, as the la#requires.
There is another fact corroHorating all this tes-
timony which stands out so clearly that if there
be any doubt in the mind of any impartial man it
must effectually remove it. I allude to the fact
that this gentleman hti£ not b#en in service oa
board a man of war of the United States for
