1938
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
August 5,
of the Secretary of the Treasury—the superin-
tendont of the work and two or three more—the
Secretary shall dispense with that machinery} and
at once take care of the work* That is all tKe bill
proposes.
Now, I wish to say to my friend from Indiana,
that nothing is proposed by this bill in relation
either to the enlargement of the old canal, or the
construction of a canal on the other side. There-
fore it seems to me, on reflection, he might as well
withdraw his motion, and let the provision stand,
for it is simply to dispense with the present ma-
chinery, and let the Secretary of the Treasury, m
a more cheap method, administer the work.
Now where is the fraud in providing, as this
bill provides, that the tolls hereafter levied shall
be sufficient to reimburse the expenses of the woik
and the cost of repairs? The Government has
received all its money back, and the simple ques-
tion is, will the Government reap a speculation to
the amonnt of §2,000,000 or 000,000 off the
property of a portion of its citizens ?
Mr. TOOMBS. The Senator from Ohio prom-
ised with a very plain statement to put me
down, but he has left the case precisely where I
put it, without the variation of a single principle;
but there is simply a difference as to what is the
amounttaken from the. Government. My impres-
sion was, and is now, that it was about eight
hundred thousand dollars or about a million.
How does he answer me? What is his plain
statement? lie says.we paid $200,000, ami got
$250,000 back. Is that the way Ohio pays her
debts? If she gives a bond for twenty-five years,
and pays the interest regularly, in seventeen
years she pays more than the principal. Does
she then turn to her creditors and say; " I have
paid all your money back ?" Six per cent, within
twenty-five years will pay more interest than the
amount of the principal. Will you then turn
round to the creditor and say: 44 You have got
your money and why do you conic to me lor
your bond?" That is precisely the effect of it.
We got some dividends from tins property, as
'anybody would, until the dividends amounted
to more than the original cost, according to the
Senator's statement. Is that an extinguishment?
The Senator admits that it is our property, and
he now proposes to confiscate it; for the bill says
you shall keep it for their benefit and not for the
united States, to whom the property belongs.
How, then, does he vary my statement? We
received no more dividends than the other stock-
holders until IH42, and after that time we took
our dividends to pay off* the piincipal and ibity
per cent, premium, and eight per cent, per year to
the stockholders.
When that is done, the Senator proposes to
take the property from us; and what is his argu-
ment? lie says: " Look at what the Government
has charged my people; it is a tax on our com-
merce of $100,000 a year." How much does
Ohio tax for traveling on her canal? How much
does New York tax for her Erie canal? It is no
tax. Who ever heard of terms so misapplied ?
These Senators are so much in the habit of call-
ing landings on rivers, harbors, that they call the
ordinary cost of transportation a tax. All proper
sense of language is destroyed, in order to reach
their own purposes. It is no tax. You might
as well say that a wagoner taxes you for carrying
your produce to market. It is the cost of trans-
portation. He says we have taxed his people
$300,000, to do what everybody else has a right
to do—to get to the market with their produce.
Nobody objects to that. Congress never inter-
fered; bat you came to Congress and said: "Join
this corporation; pay a portion of the money; it
is a good investment; you will get back the in-
terest; and then we will charge tolls according to
the charter." Now they turn round and say:
" What hard-hearted wretches, to tax the com-
merce of the great West!" Georgia taxes as
much of the commerce of the great West as
comes to her by her railroad. Why should she
not? If she keeps it twenty-live years, and
charges eight per cent., she will have her money
back, according to the Senator's reasoning, and
then it may be seized and confiscated. This
canal is to be confiscated, because the dividends
made have been as large as the original out-
lay! It has paid interest to the private stock-
holders. It has paid them forty per cent, pre-
mium on all the private stock. Therefore we
are entitled to their stock, and we have paid, of
our legitimate piofits, according to the Senator's
own showing, the difference between $1,000,000
and §200,000-—or $800,000. Add our subscription
and forty per cent, premium, and you have, in all,
over $1,400,000, which this canal has now cost
the United States Government. It has cost the
Government of the United States a million and a
half in original outlay, in the conversion of our
portion of the dividends to purchase the private
stock, and in the premium paid to the other
stockholders.
Now, the Senator says it is a tax upon com-
merce. Will Ohio build a canal for nothing, or a
railroad for nothing ? When the Senator was a
member of her Legislature, when she was making
her improvements, did he vote to free them? Does
she not levy a tax, as he calls it, for them ? It is
unjust to call it a tax—it is improper to call it a
tax.
Mr. PUGH. She never laid any tax with a
view to make money. The tolls upon all the
canals and public woiks of Ohio are just enough
to pay the expenses of repairs—not a cent more.
Mr. TOOMBS. I am well aware that it is one
of the difficulties in the tendency of wild democ-
racy in many portions of the country. Where
the Government cannot hold property, it will not
be long that men can. It may be true, that they
will not permit enough to be charged on the pub-
lic works to reimburse the public Treasury—but
that is greatly to be deplored. The principle on
which you started was, that you would lay such
tolls as would reimburse the public Tieasury, and
thereby the great body of the people who have
no interest in transportation on canals would get
their money again. That is a sound principle. I
voted for it again and again in my own State; but
1 never did vote to take the moneys or the taxes of
the people, and appropriate them to a particular
improvement in my own State, but to levy such
tolls as would reimburse the public Treasury and
do justice to thousands of tax-payers who paid
the money, by a return of their money and rea-
sonable interest, according to the custom of the
country.
That is justice. Everybody holds it to be jus-
tice between man and man, and everybody holds
it to be so between a State and her citizens; and
it only becomes an odious tax when the Govern-
ment of the United States has to do it. Why?
On the principle which I have laid down. It is
taking money from the public Treasury to cheapen
the cost of your transportation. It is because the
people who get these improvements know that
they get a greater proportion out of the Treasury
for their purposes than is their fair distributive
share.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. The only question now
is, what is to be done with the property of this
canal? It belongs to the United States. The
profits upon the United States stock have, for a
series of years, been applied, to buying up the
private stock, and they have accomplished this
task, or very nearly so. I do not know how the
state of the account is exactly; but it ought to
have been done several years ago. I suppose that
now the private interest is entirely extinguished,
and the canal has become the sole property of the
United States. What is to be done in relation to it?
It is a property worth a million of dollars, and
now belongs entirely to the Government of the
United States. I mtfst think some little credit is
to be ascribed to this enterprise, which we under-
stand is the only thing in which the United States
has paitieipated that lias paid back her money.
I believe the whole amount, or if not, neiuly the
whole amount, subscribed by the United States,
has been returned out of the tolls. The gentle-
man from Ohio can tell the precise state of the
case.
Mr. PUGH. More has been returned.
Mr. CRITTENDEN". Something above the
amount originally subscribed has been paid back,
and the United States have now become the
J owners of the property itself. I think my friend
' from Georgia will admitthis to be the principal and
interest to the United States. I want you to keep
your property; and I cannot conceive the reason
why our near neighbor, the Senator from Indiana,
who lives almost in sight of this work, should
refuse to take possession of what belongs to the
United States, and take care of it. What has
become of it? The United States Government
stands there; the title is in her; it can never be-
come the property of anybody else. In the mean
time it goes to ruin; no care is taken of it; nobody
can pass through it, because there is nobody there
to open or close the locks; and the gentleman
moves to strike out all provision for it.
Mr. TOOMBS. My friend from Kentucky
will allow me a moment. I think he is right as
to taking charge of it; but there have been appro-
priations of money since the original subscription,
and 1 now recollect that General Jackson, as late
as 1835, vetoed another.
Mr. PUGH. He may have vetoed one, and
that was not made.
■Mr. TOOMBS. I think some were made; he
vetoed one.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. I was mistaken per-
haps, and led the gentleman from Georgia into
error. I must have attributed to the United
States the whole cost of the canal, which was
originally less than a million; but some additions
weie afterwards made to the work that increased
the cost to upwards of a million. That is the
true state of the case.
Now, I hope the Senator from Indiana will
withdraw his amendment. I have heard some-
thing of a proposition which has been made to
construct a canal on the Indiana side of the Ohio
river. Can that be the motive? Is this work,
now belonging to the United States, to fall out
of repair, and go into disuse and ruin, in order
that the United States may be called upon for
about twice the whole amount of that canal to
make a longer one on the other side of the river ?
1 hope the Senate of the United States will see
the absolute propriety of taking possession of
this property. Its future management can be
disposed of hereafter; but now let the United
States, to whom it belongs, take possession of
it according to the terms of this hill, and then
dispose of ft as they think proper.
Mr. BRIGHT. The Senator from Ohio is
correct in stating the amount which the United
States subscribed in aid of the Louisville and.
Poitland canal. I have before mc the only statutes
which have been passed by Congress, making
subscription for that work. One was approved
on the 13th of May, 182G, and directed the Secre-
tary of the Treasury to subscribe, or purchase,
for and in the name of the United States, not ex-
ceeding one thousand shares of stock of the Louis-
ville and Portland canal, with a proviso, that the
cost of each share should not exceed $100. On
the 3d of March, 1839, a further act was passed,
directing the Secretary of the Treasury to sub-
scribe for any stock which may have been for-
feited to the company, and which may have re-
mained undisposed of on the 4th of March next
ensuing, not exceeding one thousand three hun-
dred and fifty shares, provided as before stated.
These are the only two acts passed by Con-
gress that I have been able to find authorizing
subscriptions for stock in this canal.
The Senator from Kentucky [Mr. Critten-
den] has asked me to give a reason for moving
to strike out of this bill all that portion of it which
relates to the Louisville and Portland canal? I
will state my reason. This canal is now the prop-
erty of the United States, the tolls collected having
reimbursed private stockholders; and for the stock
subscribed under the acts of Congress I have just
referred to, and the only question now is, " What
shall be done with it?" The Senator from Ken-
tucky is right in saying that the United States
should take possession of and manage it. I am
in favor of that course; but my objection is to the
manner it is proposed to be done. Thereis
nothing in the second section of this bill (which
I have moved to strike out) that prescribes the
rate of tolls that shall be charged, and provides
the proper guards against imposition. For one,
1 am unwilling to give the Secretary of the Treas-
ury, or any single individual, the power to make
and execute ad libitum the rules and regulations
which controls the vast amount of tonnage that
from necessity has to pass this canal. I am will-
ing to cede the same to the city of Louisville, or
the Commonwealth of Kentucky, with proper
restrictions and limitations.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I desire, to ask the Sen-
ator a question for information. Will he have
the kindness to explain how the Government of
the United States has been paid its advances on
this canal? Have the United States, in fact,
