1004
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 30,
They came to the conclusion, on minute inquiry,
that tho augmentation was necessary, and they
recommended it.
The fact is, that these three towns are very
growing plaecs, and in making these buildings
originally they went upon too small a scale.
They are now satisfied that, even if they should
answer the purpose to-day, there would surely
be a necessity for increasing them next year. So
far as respects Detroit, the United States had a
court-house there, and it was sold. In towns like
Cleveland and Detroit—1 do not know whether
it is the case with Mihvaukie—the United States
district courtis in almost perpetual session. The
business of tho lakes requires it. You must have
a building; it is indispensably necessary. It is a
matter of actual economy, as well as public con-
venience, to comprise the post office, the custom-
house, and court-house under the same roof. It
is vastly less expensive than it would be if you
were to go on and put up buildings for each on
separate lots.
The Senator from Virginia says that he would
not have post offices everywhere. Why, sir,
nobody asks for that; nor would anybody.mthat
country accede to the converse of it. There are
positions where you do want custom-houses and
court-houses, and where you must have them.
For several years we had no court-houses any-
where, but I believe the public is satisfied that
there must be court-houses in many places. It
is necessary on account of peculiar questions and
convulsions jn certain States, whore the United '
States arc denied the use of the -State courts and
jails. _ It becomes absolutely necessary, there-
fore, in somu portions of the country to have
these buildings.
Mr. HUNTER. I ask that this resolution be
laid on the table until to-morrow. I shall not
object to its being taken up then.
Mr. STCJART. I call fur the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered; and bring
taken, resulted—yeas 13, nays 23; as follows:
YEAS—-Mfws. Adams, Higjis, Blown, Buior, Clay.
Evans, Fitzputurls. iiuntei, Johnson, Jones of Jowa, Mal-
lory, Toucev, and Yulee—Ki.
NAY$—Messu.s. Allen. JJell of Teiine-see, Bright, (1a^,
Collamcr, Dodge, Duikee, Foot, Fo-icr, Geyei', Kailan,
.fames, rugli, f o\vaid, Sturm, Sumner, Thom-on of Xnv
Jersey, Toombd, Tiumbuli, Wade, Weller, Wilson, and
Wnght—23.
So the motion to lay on the table was not
agreed to.
Mr. HUNTER. I ask now for the reading of
the letters containing the estimates, as Senators
nay they have them.
'fhe Secretary read the letters, as follows:
pof-r okmce di'i'aktmknt,
Appointment Okficf, Jiprd :w, L&>0.
Sir : Agreeably to the ieque*t contained in joui letterof
the sWili instant, I In'if'wjtii incl0i e \oui copies of all the
papeis Jnivv,ud<'d to the Pier-idcat ot'tiio Senate m anMvci
to a lesohition ot fh;if body, reque^inc the JWma'nei Gen-
eral to lurm^h lnfonnation in iclation to the building au-
thored to be hmlt at Mihvaukie, Wisconsin, lbi a custom-
house, pOSt Ofi'lCe,
Jn a communication to the Speakei of the House ^Rep-
resentative-, m lelation to the po«t office at JJuffaloTJUw ;
York, the I'o-itma^ter General makes the following suit's- 1
tion : " J embiaee this occasion to add that, in the parage
of laws for the ercction of buildings for post offices in the
large cities, u is highly important that provision be made
not only fnr the present but the future wants and accom-
modation of the citizen?.."
I am, respectfully, Sec., HORATIO KTIVG,
I'\rst Jl^istant Postmaster General.
Hon. Danie/j Wem.s, Ji., Ilovse of Rcpiesentatives.
The vsury Department, Jlpril 28,1856.
G-entlemrv : In reply to your letter of the 23d in.-tanf, I
have tn state that, in view of the mciea-sc of tlie city of De-
troit, and m otder to provide suitable accommodations for
public olTiceis commensuiatc with its future gjowth, this
Department is di^po^cd to lecommend an enlargement of
the building authorized to be constructed at that place fot a
custom-house and other piuposes. An addition of twelve
anu a half feet to each end, making the building one hun-
dred and ten feet long by M.uy feet, wide, will, it is sup-
posed, give ample room for the different branches of the
public wrnce lor which it was designed, for many yeais to
coine. I o liiuld such addition would require an additional
appropriation of;$: ,000, with ton per cent, thereo,i "r con'
tuigent expenses.
The letter of Mr. Harmon, received with vours, is herp
with returned. *
Very re&pectfully, your obedient servant,
JAMES GUTHRIE,
Secretary of the Treasury,
Hon. Lewis C^ss and Hon. C. E. Stuart,
United States Senate.
Treasury Department, April 7,1856.
Sir : In compliance with a resolution of the House of
Representatives, passed April 4, 1855, "that the Secre-
tary of the Treasuiy report to this House whethei, in his
opinion, the building to be erected at Cleveland, in the
State of1 Ohio, as provided by law at the second session
of the Thirty-Third Congress, for the purposes of a cus-
tom-house, post office, and court-house, will be sufficient
for the purposes aforesaid, and if not, what additions to the
same will be required by the public convenience, and what
will be the increa&ed expense of such additions," 1 have
the honor to state that this Department is of the opinion
that the Cleveland custom-house is scarcely large enough
to meet the requirements of the business to bepiovided for,
especially that of the post office; and that an enlargement
of the building will be necessary. This Department believer
that an addition of twelve and a half feet to each end of
the building authorized, making the same one hundred
and ten feet long by sixty feet wide, would be adequate to
the public wants. To build such an addition to the build-
ing would requne an additional appropriation of $30,000,
with ten percent, thereon for contingencies.
Very respectfully, your obedient servant,
JAMES GUTFIRIE,
Secretary of the Treasury.
Hon. N. P. Ranks, Jr.,
Speaker of the House of Representatives,
Treasury Department, Jlpril 28,1856.
Sir: In conformity to a resolution of the Senate of the
24th ultimo, "that the Secretary of the Tieasuiy be re-
quested to leport whether the buildmgauthorized to be con-
structed at Mihvaukie, Wisconsin, lor custom-house, post
office, United States court-rooms, and other purposes, is
sufficiently latge to accommodate the different branches of
the public scrvic" for which it was designed," I have the
honor to state, that the said building is deemed fully ample
foi the accommodation of tho officers of the customs, and
piobably also for the United States courts. Whether it will
he sufficient lor the accommodation of the poht office is a
qu"«tion appiopnate lor the opinion of the Postmaster Gen-
e.al, and \\ hi'di he will, of couu>e, communicate to the Sen-
ate in compliance with tho tenor of the resolution.
Should Congress determine tomcicabe this building, I
would lccoirnncnd an addition of twelve and ahalf feet to
each end,making it one bundled and ten feet long by sixty
feet wide. To build such addition would require an addi-
tional appropnation of $'30,000, with ten per cent, thereon
for contingencies.
I have the honor to be, very respectfully,
JAMES GUTHRIE,
Secretary of the Treasury.
Hon. Jes9e P Bright,
President pro tempore. United States Senate.
Mr. HUNTER. I desire to know from the
Senator from Michigan what was the amount
of the original estimate for each of these custom-
houses, and also the amount of revenue collected
at these places ?
Mr. STUART. I am not. able to answer that
question piecisely. I think the amount esti-
mated was about eighty thousand or eighty-five
thousand dollars for the construction of each of
these building's; that is my impression. As to the
amount of revenue I cannot speak now. The
revenue is, however, very considerable. The
Senator would find, if he were to go there for a
short time, that they do an immense business.
In respect to Detroit I wish only to make one
other statement, and that is, that the Government
of the United States, owning the property which
was hitherto used for this purpose, was author-
ized, by the original act of appropriation, to sell
it, for the purpose of applying the money to the
construction of a new building. They did sell
it for quite a number of thousands of dollars
beyond the appropriation. The Government
actually made money by selling the original prop-
erty used for this purpose, and making a new
purchase. In that case money was brought into
the Treasury instead of being taken out of it.
Mr. HUNTER. Do I understand the Sen-
ator from Michigan to say that the money arising
from the sales of property owned by the Govern-
ment is more than enough to meet this and the
original appropriation ?
Mr. STUART. Yes, sir.
Mr. HUNTER. I should like to know the
amount collected in these places, because it will
be found that all cities in which as much revenue
is collected as in these places will come here and
ask to have custom-houses constructed on the
same scale.
Mr. TOUCEY. If I understand it, the appro-
priations which were made in these three cases
were for the purpose of erecting a court-house,
post office, and custom-house in one building,
and the sum of $.95,000 was appropriated in each
case, and it is now proposed to increase each of
the appropriations $33,000.
Now, sir, I know that the Government here-
tofore has constructed buildings of this descrip-
tion, and, where it was deemed proper to erect a
custom-house, has made provision for the holding
of the courts of the United States, and also for
the post o-ffice. I am inclined to think that that
course of policy will be pursued; and that, there-
fore, the appropriation originally made in these
cases was correct. But I nave heard no expla-
nation why the appropriation should now be in-
creased to the amount of $33,000 on any new
light that has been thrown on the subject.
I voted to lay this resolution on the table until
to-morrow, for the purpose of getting information,
that I might act understandingly on the subject;
because, if it is necessary, I shall vote this appro-
priation, but I am not willing to go into a system
of erecting custom-houses generally throughout
the country wherever revenue is collected, nor of
constructing court-houses throughout the country
wherever the Federal courts may be held. I
would not do it except in those cases where the
public exigency demands it; and whenever such a
case shall arise I will vote for it. I think it more
economical and better for the States and better for
this Government, that we should not go into a
system of that kind unless where it is actually-
demanded, for the purpose of upholding this Gov-
ernmental the exercise ofitsconstitutionalpowers.
As, however, the Senate lias refused to postpone
this subject, or lay it on tho table until to-morrow,
and we have the recommendation of the Depart-
ment, I shall be forced to give my vote simply on
that recommendation; but in a question of so
much importance I thought, I must confess, that
the friends of the measure should have allowed
us a day to look into its merits. Notwithstand-
ing that, if I am brought to a vote on the amend-
ment, I shall vote for it as it stands.
Mr. TOOMBS. Mr. President, I trust that
this joint resolution will not be passed. The
whole question of building court-houses is one
of very great difficulty. It has been referred to
the Judiciary Committee for three or four years
past, and during this session; and they have gen-
erally decided against such propositions. There
are some few peculiar cases where it may be
proper to construct United States court-houses;
but if you act on the principle of putting a court-
house wherever there is a custom-house and a
post office, and a necessity for a court-house, the
Government will be involved in the most enor-
mous expenses in every State in the Union. It
is a great unnecessary waste of money. I think
that the question with reference to the court-
houses ought to belong peculiarly to the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary. Eighty-five thousand
dollars seemed to be sufficient for all the purposes
of building a post office and custom-house at
each of these points originally; and now the
Committee on Commerce recommend §33,000
more. I think that the Committee on Commerce
might as well have left out all that relates to court-
houses. As my friend from Virginia says, if
you build custom-houses here without reference
to the amount of revenue, it will be drawn in as
a precedent for tho expenditure of thousands and
millions of dollars; and it will result in throwing
away money on these buildings throughout the
States, which will increase to a frightful extent
on you. Therefore, I trust there will be close
scrutiny and special reasons given for each par-
ticular ease.
Frequently such measures may be prompted,
in some respect, by a desire to adorn a town with
a nice building. I know that oftentimes there
have been struggles between the different sections
of a State as to the point where the United States
court should be located. Formerly, in order to
induce the location of a court in a particular place,
tile local authorities furnished accommodations.
In other localities tho Government has hired the
necessary buildings at a reasonable rent. As
there are frequent changes in the seats of gov-
ernment in the States, and constant changes of the
business of the Federal courts, it is much better
that they should rely on renting local buildings
than to erect court-houses all over the country,
which would fix the sessions of the courts per-
manently at these places. It may frequently be
important to the administration of justice and the
public interest that they should sitclsewhere than
at the places where you have expended a large
sum of money in building a court-house.
I think that it is wrong to take up in this man-
ner, m the morning hour, merely because it is
recommended by a committee, a question of this
importance. I pay no regard to the argument
which has been presented as to the recommenda-
tion of these officers about enlarging the building.
