1856.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1939
received the amount when they subscribed with
interest?
Mr. BiUGMT. The United States have been
paid by toils collected, which toils have been
.•■pplied by authority of law, year after year, to
tu" purchasing and sinking- of the stock.
Mr. FE3SENDEN. United States stock?
Mr. BRIGHT. Both the private stock and the
stock of the United States; and I believe this is
the only work in which the General Government
lias been interested as part owner, from the
foundation of the Government to the present
time, that has refunded principal and, 1 believe,
the interest. The shares purchased with the tolls
received were purchased at a price ranging from
$130 to $155, which will give the Senate an idea
of the onerous and extravagant imposition that
has been placed upon the commerce of the Ohio
river, through the medium of this canal.
Mr. TOOMBS, i wish the Senator would show
the fact, that principal and interest have been re-
funded. The statement of the Senator from Ohio
was, that the Government received $257,000, or
$520,000 more than it expended. That, however,
does not take the interest into account, i desire
the Senator from Indiana to showjthe proof of
his statement. 1 believe the fact to be otherwise,
Mr. BRIGHT. 1 have no official statements
before me; but if the Senate will postpone the
bill until to-morrow, I think the information can
be obtained from the Treasury Department,
showing substantially the facts as I have stated
them. I am anxious, Mr. President, to see an
appropriation passed for the improvement of the
Ohio river; and i think the sum of $90,000, pro-
posed by the bill, a very small one; more*-yea,
and double that sum—could be very profitably
expended; yet I would hazard the appropriation,
rather than couple it with legislation, m reference
to this canal, that places it under the control of
any officer, man, or set of men, unless restrained
and regulated m their action as to the amount of
toils and the general police of the work.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. There is nothing ill
this provision to prevent our passing such a per-
manent law. This I acknowledge would be a
very imperfect permanent provision, but as a
temporary measure it seems to me adequate for
the purpose, It provides merely that the Gov-
ernment sliajj take possession of this canal, to
prevent its becoming an obstruction to naviga-
tion, and charge such tolls as will keep it in re-
pair. Hereafter we can make such fui tlier and
final regulations in respect to this property as
Congress may deem necessary. 1 should be
sorry, sir, to see this provision of the bill stricken
out.
Mr SEWARD. I wish to say to the friends
of the bill, that i think, if they postpone it until
to-morrow, they will be unable to have it consid-
ered then. 3 find myself in no embarrassment
in regard to the question which is here raised. It
is said that this is the only work in which Con-
gress has engaged that has ever remunerated the
United States. This is true only in a limited sense.
Tne United States have received a direct remu-
neration from this work by way of toll. I am
voting every day, and every hour in the day, for
bills to make improvements where no remunera-
tion in the shape of tolls or otherwise is received,
except the general resulting benefit of the increase
of commerce and the increase of the revenue of
the nation. When Congress made the original
appropriation for this great national work, it was
not on the principle of a merchant, who seeks
lemuneration in dollars, but on the piinciple of
regulating commerce and increasing the general
revenues of the Treasury. For all practical pur-
poses, the United States are remunerated.
The great works of the State of New York,
similar to these, the Erie canal and the Cham-
plain canal together, cost $,0,500,000, and the two
together annually pav into the State treasury
5)3,000.000. The State of New York expends
these $3,000,000 in converting those canals mto_
ship canals, by which to convey the commerce ot
the country in ships, without transhipment;from
the Mississippi and the lakes to the ocean.
Although we received this remuneration, we re-
duced our tolls as far as possible, consistent with
our revenues, for the purpose of increasing the
amount of transportation.
I believe nobody in the State of New York
thinks it would be wise or proper for the State to
continue in possession of those great works, and
levy tolls on them, merely or chiefly for the pur-
pose of revenue, after they shall have been con-
verted into ship canals, and that cost shall be
fully repaid. Then they will become practically
free channels of commerce, subject only to tolls
adequate to their maintenance, and the State of
New York will look alone to the resulting benefits
by the increase of her commeice.
These works have, by the increase of com-
merce, enlarged the amount of revenue paid into
the Treasury of the United States at the city of
New York. If I recollect aright, in 1817, before
the commencement of the Erie and Champlain
canals, the receipts of this Government, from
revenue in New York city, were $9,000,000 an-
nually. Now, under the operation of those canals,
and the railroads constructed from the capital of
the State, your revenue has increased from
Sit,000,000 to $45,000,000, poured into theTieas-
ury of the United Smtesat the city of New York.
I think the principle is fair and right,and, there-
fore, I agreed with the committee m reporting
this bill as it is. If its friends desire to perfect
something more satisfactory to them, they must
be content to take the appropriation for the Ohio
river without this provision for the canal, or else
to perfect it to-day, for I have no idea that to-
morrow we shall be able to crowd the Finance
Committee, or the Military Committee, out of
the business which they are pressing on our
attention.
Mr. TOOMBS. I wish to correct the Senator
from Indiana. I have before me the letter of the
Secretary of the Treasury, dated the 3d of April,
1856. He gives every dollar which the United
States ever received from the Louisville and Port-
land canal, amounting to $257,778, and he says;
£! To this amount of money should be added five hundred
and s.xty-seven shares of stock issued to the United States,
as before stated, and what the Treasury has since received
in the shape of interest and dividends !rom the canal com-
pany, in return for the moneys invested by the United
States in tins enteiprise."
That stock is part and parcel of this canal;
and now when we are disposing of it has never
yielded a dime. I supposed, by the statement of
the Senator from Kentucky, that the ainountpaid
by the United States was £>900,000. They actu-
ally paid over a million. By taking their own
dividends for the puipose of buying up the indi-
vidual stockholders, paying the jp:230,000 sub-
scription, and giving forty per cent, premium, we
have paid about one million four hundred thou-
sand dollars on this Louisville and Portland
canal. The Senator from Indiana is therefore
mistaken when* he says this Government has got
its $'233,500 and interest. It had never got one
dollar but p57,778di vidends up to the 3d of April,
1856, by the letter of Mr. Secretary Guthrie,
Mr. BRIGHT, How much did the United
States pay ?
Mr. TOOMBS. Two hundred and thirty-three
thousand five hundred dollars.
Mr. BRIGHT. Exactly.
Mr. TOOMBS. They have received $257,778.
Mr. BRIGHT. That is more than they paid.
Mr. TOOMBS. The statement of the Senator
was, that the canal had paid the principal and
interest of the investment of the United States.
Mr. BRIGHT. Perhaps 1 was incorrect if I
included interest. My proposition was intended
to be that the United States had received every
dollar they paid out.
Mr. TOOMBS. I answered that argument
when made by the Senator from Ohio before.
That is a mere specious statement. The United
States received their dividends for ten years until
they amounted to #257,000. If you say the Uruled
States are not to receive dividends or interest like
other stockholders, there is something in your
statement; but the United States have bought the
property. It is in vain for us to attempt to escape
this. It is admitted on all bands that the United
States, by appropriating their own proper moneys
as a corporator in tiie Louisville and Portland
canal, have Bought and own property worth from
$1,400,000 to $1,500,000, and the charter desig-
nated what tolls they had a right to take._ They
have received no dividends in cash for fourteen
years, but have used them to buy the property.
Now, the question is, will you confiscate this
million and a half of dollars belonging to the
public Treasury, and worth it any day in the
market? As far as I am concerned, your invest-
ment having answered its beneficent purpose, I
am willing that you shall sell your stock to the
highest bidder. When people get tired of stock,
and cannot manasre it to advantage, they sell it.
Everybody knows that the statement of the Sen-
ator from New York as to his policy is not that of
the State of New York. She has received mil-
lions of dollars from her great canal. The subject
of its enlargement, of which he has spoken, was
a question of bitter party strife in the State; and
many years after they had been receiving tolls
this enlargement policy took place under the ad-
ministration of that Senator and his friends, but
not without a great struggle. I think they went
even to the extent of an amendment of the con-
stitution. I recollect noticing it as a part of the
history of the country. The constitution had to
be altered, and they had to amend it for the pur-
pose of agreeing to this policy. But as to the
idea of its being any portion of the settled policy
of New York that her improvements at any point
of time shall be made free, I see no such legis-
lative declaration, no such expression of the will
of New York through the only channels which I
am authorized to accept as such.
Mr. SEWAllD. Not free from tolls, of
course.
Mr. TOOMBS. The policy was to levy tolls
sufficient to reimburse the treasury of New York,
principal and interest. That was the policy pre-
sented to the people of New York by De Witt
Clinton. If that policy is departed from, it is a
violation of the fundamental principles of justice,
and would be unjust to those portions of the peo-
ple of New York who have not the direct benefits
arising from it.
The Senator from New York talks of the Erie
canal having increased the revenue received by the
United States at New York city, to $45,000,000
a year. That is a delusion. I suppose that canal
contributed, in common with other means, for in-
creasing the trade of the country. Every railroad
in the United States tending to facilitate the carry-
ing of commodities there,and enabling the people
to buy them, did the same thing. This Govern-
ment from the beginning, and especially for the
last thirty or forty years, has, by every manner
of bounty, poured mto the lap of New York ita
millions on millions. Its whole prosperity is the
creature of Federal legislation. Strike down to-
day all the Federal legislation that has benefited
that city, and the manufacturers surrounding it,
and it would perish in one hour. Pass to-day an
act of three lines to strike every Government'
favor, every regulation" of commerce, and every
protection to her industry, and in one hour it
would go down to twenty-five cents on the dollar.
Mr. BROWN. The motion of the Senator
from Indiana is to strike out the second section.
Before the vote is taken on that proposition, I
move to amend the section by adding at the end
of it:
And .iI«o pay the United States a dividend of six per
cent, on the whole amount invented m Uie stock of that
canal.
I wish my amendment to come in after the
words:
And after mid canal shall have come into the posses-
sion of the United States as aforesaid, such tolls shall be
charged as will tiesuliieient to keep the same in repair and
pay the expenses of taking caie thereof.
1 do not believe that the Government ought to
charge exorbitant tolls on this work. This canal
belongs to the United States now. As I under-
stand'the Government has bought itand paid for it
The dividends,I understandfromsomegentlemen,
are as high as twenty percent. That is, I think, an
exorbitant charge upon commerce. That is an
exorbitant charge if it is for mere carrying. 1
think the Government ought to be content to re-
ceive a fair dividend upon its money; and if it
keeps the work m repair, pays the expenses of
keeping it up, and gets a dividend of six per cent.,
I think it ought to be satisfied. It is with that
simple view 1 move this amendment. If it is
adopted 1 shall vote to retain this section. If it
shall be rejected I shall join with my friend from
Indiana, and vote to strike it all out, an'd leave the
work as it is. I am not willing to vote for a prop-
osition which shall compel the Government to
keep a work upon its hands which has cost it
$1,000,000 for the benefit of somebody else. I
think that is asking rather too much.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. I know and agree per-
