1940
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
August 5,
fectly, that upon a strict pecuniary settlement of
this transaction the United States might justly
expect six per cent, on the money which they
advanced, and on the avails of that money, for
this canal. But why should gentlemen be so
strenuous in exacting this when you have in-
vested, during the last three or four days, thou-
sands and tens of thousands of dollars beyond
the entire cost of this canal, and do not ask one
cent of return in the form of interest?
Mr. BROWN. I beg to say all that has been
done against my vote and my earnest remon-
strance-
Mr. CRITTENDEN. Than here is an attempt
to carry out now, on this particular work, a pol-
icy which has been rejected as to every other.
Would the gentleman think that right? This is
the most useful improvement ever made upon the
Ohio river. It has facilitated navigation and com-
merce more than any other. My friend from
Georgia was inquiring, very naturally and very
properly, where you are going to expend upon
the Ohio river, at large, this $90,000 appropriated
in the bill. The information was given where it
could be spent. But if the canal had not been
made nobody could have hesitated as to where it
was nccessary to spend this much and more
money, if it were the duty of the Government to
improve the navigation of the Ohio river.
1 shall not occupy time. This is an improve-
ment which has resulted the most favorable of any
in which the United {States nave been engaged in
all its aspects. The Government has received
every dollar which it advanced out of the Treas-
ury; and in placeof further inteiest,it is now the
owner of the entire property, to do with ii, ( ac-
knowledge, as it pleasea. /Jow will it pl.-aso to
dispose of it? Not abandon it certainly, and leave
it to waste and ruin, and (o he an obstruction to
navigation. The Government will probably, at
some future time, not wishing to trouble her hands,
that have so many works to do, with tin* attend-
ance and superintendence of a canal, dispose of it
on terms such a  she deems wise and proper, to
the State of Kentucky, and be rid of it. There
is no time for that now. We hnve only time to
take possession and take care of this work, and
that is what this bill proposes. I hope that we
shall do this; and the gentleman's plan to obtain
six per cent, for it, will be left for future con-
sideration. U is a temporary provision which
we are now making. Nobody contemplates it
as a final one. It may be considered hereafter,
whether the Government will exact six or ten per
cent. Under the charter granted by the State of
Kentucky, she has a n^ht fo exact more than
ten. She can consider afterwards whether she
will do it; but do not. now embarrass us with the
question of exacting six per cent. 1 hone the
amendment will be rejected, and the bill acted on
and passed now.
Mr. 1UUGUT. My statement was, that a
reference to the facts and figures would prove
that every dollar of stock that had been paid,
either by the United States, the Commonwealth
of Kentucky, or private stockholders, had been
refunded; that the canal paid for itself, if you
please, and is now the pioperty of the United
States; and the question presented to us is, what
disposition shall we make of it?
f have already expressed my willingness to
vote for ceding this v.oik to tin* city of Louis-
ville, or the Commonwealth of Kentucky, with
sucii restrictions as will compel the grantee to
keep it in order, and charge no more toil than is
necessary for that purpose. This canal answered
the wants of trade and commerce at the time it
was constructed very well; but m this day of
progress it is far behind the times, and, compar-
atively speaking, worthless. When the canal
was constructed there weie but few boais more
than one hundred and eighty feet jn length, that
being the capacity of the locks; to this work: now
there are lew boats buiit that are not over this
length, particularly those that ply between Louis-
ville. and New Orleans
. borne change in aid of commerce and naviga-
tion at this pomt is needed and demanded. The
honorable Senator from Kentucky has referred to
a ^proposed canal on the Indiana shore, and inti-
mated that that consideration may have some inliu-
ence on my action in connection with this amend-
mc.it. it is true, the Legislature of Indiana has
chartered a company with authority to construct
a canal on the western side of the Ohio river,
and there have been various surveys by officers
appointed by the General Government, the State
of Indiana, and a private company. The reports
of the different engineers are conflicting: one set
report in favor of a canal on the Indiana shore,
and another set in favor of enlarging the present
canal. There is a difference of opinion between
Kentucky, Ohio, and Indiana, as to where this
canal ought to be located, and as to the plan
proper to adopt in constructing; but all concur, I
believe, in the necessity and importance of such
a work. There is also much diversity of opinion
as to its probable cost, but nothing like the differ-
ence stated by the honorable Senator from Geor-
gia, [Mr. Toombs.] He is mistaken in supposing
that there has ever been an estimate fixing the
cost of a canal on the Indiana side at $8,000,000.
The estimates made have varied from $800,000 to
§2,100,000; but, from the most reliable data that
I can obtain through those I esteem impartial and
well-informed on this point, I believe that a canal
that will answer all the wants of the public can
be made for $1,600,000.
Mr. SEWARD. The Senator from Indiana
asked me, as I was called outatthe door, whether
this canal came into the possession of the United
States at the last year? and I said, yes. I so un*
derstood, I understood him to ask, if there was
not an amendment m an appropriation bill last
year, authorizing it? That is the case, but it is
erroneous Jo suppose that any such law passed.
Mr. STUART. 1 hope, sir, we shall cotnc to a
vote on this subject. I am very desirous that we
shall not be delayed. It seems to me the whole
question lies in a nutshell; whether the United
States boin£ now, by the original contract, the
ownerof this property, will take possession of it?
This lias always heretofore been presented to
the Committee on Commerce bv local friends of
the measure, objecting to any payment of tolls. I
have myself al vvays been opposed to taking it
upon any such < omhtion. It has been urged on
us n<;ain and again for the last two Congresses, t
think, the last one, I am sure. I always opposed
taking possession, and restricting that posses-
sion by law to keeping the canal free and charg-
ing no tolls, insisting that we should charge such
tolls as would keep it in repair, and pay its cur-
rent expenses. _ That is the provision of this bill.
It is not susceptible of any other construction, I
think; but it it is, the addition of three words
will certainly limit it to that construction. After
the amendment of the committee, providing for
the payment of tolls and necessary expenses to
keep it in repair, add the words "i and no more,"
and then they can collect no more tolls.
Now, I ask, is there a Senator or an officer of
the Government who can tell at this day what is
the rate of toll that will do tins ? That is to be
tried. 'J'he tolls fixed heretofore have been very
large, for the purpose of liquidating the private
stocks They have done it; but I venture to say
there is not a man m the United States who can
now submit an estimate that would exactly do
what this amendment proposes to do. Experi-
ence is necessary. If it shall turn out hereafter
that the Government officers are attempting to fix
exorbitant tolls on this canal, how easy will it be
for Congress to restrict it. Bnt to fix a limit to-
day is impossible. I hope the amendment of the
committee will pass m this form.
Allow me to say another word while I am up.
The Si'JOjOQO in the estimate is stated to be for
continuing the improvement of the Ohio river,
including the Cumberland dam; and unless that
provision shall be put into the bill, the amount,is
too largo, because that is the estimate of the engi-
neers, m this language: " for the imptovement of
the Ohio river, including the Cumberland dam,
| $90,000." That is the'estimate, and the words,
i " including the Cumberland dam," are not in the
I! Ml.
! i rins, it seems to me, m afew words, is all that
jj there is in the bill, and the Senate can decide it m
jj live minutes.
jj Air. BP 0\VN. I do not perceive on what
!, principle the Senator from Michigan proposes to
place his vote. _ He tells us we ought to levy just
such tolls as will be sufficient to keep the work in
repair, and pay the necessary expenses. If he
means by that that the Government is bound to
furnish a work at a cost of a million and a quar-
ter of dollars, and simply keep it in repair for the
benefit of the public, I dissent. If the Senator
puts it on the ground that the Government must
make an appropriation for the benefit of com-
merce at Louisville, as it makes appropriations for
the benefit of commerce at Chicago and other
towns, I can see the principle on which he acts.
Mr. STUART. I do not touch that subject at
all. I simply say that this property now be-
longs to the United States; but I do not touch
the subject of the original appropriation at all.
Mr. BROWN. Precisely; I know he doesnot.
Now, sir, when you make an appropriation to
improve or make a harbor at Chicago, and that
harbor gets out of repair, the next year you want
an additional appropriation to put it in repair,
and keep it so. You make that appropriation
from the national Treasury. You do not get the
money by levying tolls on the commerce that
goes into that harbor for the purpose of keeping
it in repair. No more ought you, on the prin-
ciple which governs the Senator from Michigan,
to levy tolls on the commerce which passes through
this canal for the purpose of keeping that in re-
pair. If I acted on the principle which I suppose
governs the conduct of the Senator, and the ma-
jority here, I would vote to make the canal abso-
lutely free; and when it got out of repair, 1 would
vote money from the Treasury to put it in repair
again.
That is one principle. - That is the principle of
the majority here. The principle of the minority
is, that you have no right to make these appro-
priations at all; but you have made them for this
canal; you have bought the property; you have
over a million of dollars invested in it; and my
amendment simply asserts that you have a right
to the interest of your investment. Everybody
knows it will pay more. It will pay you twenty,
forty, or fifty per cent. It will pay you anything
you think proper to charge. What I said m the
outset was, that I did not want to see the Gov-
ernment become an extoitioner, but content itself
with a fair interest on its money. One principle
of action is to make an appropriation for all these
works, and keep them m repair out of the national
Treasury; and the other is, not to make the ap-
propriations at all. It seems to me that my friend
from Michigan is fixing it up, and not acting on
either principle.
Mr. PIJG1I. I hope the Senatoj from Missis-
sippi will withdraw his amendment. It is unne-
cessary at present. As this is confessedly orr
own property, if we want to raise the rate of tolls
hereafter, we can do it. I do not wish to derain
the Senate, but I can show that six per cent,
charge on the investment would be very unjust.
I wish to call attention to the fact that it is of no
practical consequence now, for at the next session
we can direct the Secretary of the Treasury to
levy a higher rate. Let it stand for the present
During the last year the surplus, above all the
expenses on the canal, was $50,000. That is in
the .Treasury. The Senator from Mississippi
can press his view on that subject at any oilier
time; and passing the bill without his amend-
ment does not preclude him at all. this being sim-
ply a direction to the Secretary of the Treasury
as to what tolls he shall levy until otherwise pro-
vided.
Mr. BROWN. I ask the Senator now, if he
supposes that if we pass the bill without provid-
ing the six per cent., you ever will provide it m
any subsequent act?
Mr. PUGH. I do not suppose you will, and
I do not wish you to do it. One gross piece of
injustice is that, at the very time you put this
money into the Louisville and Portland canal,
you were paying only five per cent, on your
public debt 
Mr. SEWARD. If the honorable Senator
will allow us, 1 think we can yote on this ques-
tion satisfactorily. We understand it.
Mr. TOOMBS. I ask for the yeas and nays
on the amendment. It is an important one. I
want the confiscation clcarly voted.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. BRIGHT. 1 should like to know whether
the Senator from Mississippi intends to embrace
all the stock, or only that owned by the United
States ?
Mr. BROWN. I understand now that the
Government does own it all. Of course, I mean
that the Government should have dividends on
its own stock..
