340:
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 2,
ness and so much dignity, and without having
assumed the exercise of any right which was not
clearly and legitimately his, who has refused, on
questions of order, to give any decision,—I ask
that gentleman'if he will, now, on this great and
vital question, dare—ah! that is the word —
whether he will dare, in the absence of all official
power, to induct into that chair a man who has
not received a majority of the votes of this body ?
If he does, I will, for one, have to change much
of the high opinion which I have, and still hold,
for that honorable gentleman.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio, took the floor.
The CLERK. The gentleman from Ohio will
permit the Clerk to make a few words of expla-
nation. The House adopted a resolution to-day
providing in terms that, at a certain stage, a plu-
rality vote should govern. The Clerk will say
to the gentleman from Kentucky that, if he has
any feeling in this canvass, it is not certainly
in favor of the gentleman from Massachusetts.
The course was pursued according to the terms
of .the resolution, which it was thought was the
proper one. The Clerk was actuated by no
motives but those of a desire to continue to be
impartial. He consulted with the officers of the
House, who are older and better acquainted with
the duties of this station than himself. He also
consulted with the gentlemen who are tellers, nnd
who represent the two great parties respectively.
The consultation resulted in this conclusion. If
there is error in the matter, he throws himself
on the indulgence of the House, trusting that the
gentlemen who have sustained him thus far will
carry him through the question which isnowabout
to be settled.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio. Mr. Clerk, from
the beginning I have held that a Speaker ought
to be elected by a majority vote; and I now sub-
mit it to the honor of those genthun^n whrrvoted
for the plurality rule, whether it docs not become
them now to carry out that rule, and end the
struggle that has been disgraceful to us and the
country ?
I have heard a great deal about the dangers of
a dissolution of the Union. What! has a come
to this that the election of any man can dissolve
this glorious Union ? [Applause.] I do not care
what may be the sentiments of the gentleman
who is to preside over our deliberations, I shall
be found one of the foremost in assailing him if
he dares to do anything that would separate the
Union of these States.
It would seem that the gentleman from Ken-
tucky has taken the Union under las particular
charge. Sir, I think that there are those of us
in the free States who will be found to The last for
the Union of these States. I am an American.
1 am for the Constitution of my country, as the
highest law which is to control our political action,
and for the union of these States under any cir-
cumstances} that may surround us. If I thought
that my heart was capable of cherishing a senti-
ment that would tend to a disruption of tins
Union, I would, if I could, tear it out and castit
to the dogs.
This struggle, Mr. Clerk, ought to be closed,
and it ought'to be closed now, when the proposi-
tion has been fairly made and fairly met
Mr. CLINGMAN. Will the gentleman yield
me the floor for a few moments ?
Mr. CAMPBELL. I will do so.
Mr. RUST. Allow me to offer a resolution.
Mr. CLINGMAN. I will hear it.
Mr. RUST. My resolution i<? as follows:
Resolved, That it is ttie sense of this Kou^, that under
thuopeiation of the plurality rule, tins day adopted, ?. irso-
lulion declaring the person who receives the highest inua-
bci of votes to be Speaker, is necessary to be ar reed to by
a m?iorify of the House, before the person  o receiving the
highest vote can take the chair.
Allow me to make one observation. I will not
take up much of your time.
Mr. CLINGMAN. I am only occupying the
floor by the permission of the gentleman from
Ohio.
Mr. RUST. I would not have offered this res-
olution if I had not believed that I should have
been permitted to explain it. I want this resolu-
tion f> bo voted upon, bccause I believe, with the
gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Campbell,] that
every man who voted for the plurality rule is
bound in good faith and honor to vote for Mr.
I believe so, and T want them to be
brought up to the issue.
I shall make no declarations as to my regard
for the Union. I shall manifest, by my votes
upon this floor, my fidelity to the Constitution;
but I hold that every man who voted for the plu-
rality rule is bound to vote for Mr. Banks, and
I want them to come up and give that vote.
Mr. CLINGMAN. I have the floor now to
say a few words. I was endeavoring to get it
when the gentleman from Ohio rose, and as soon
as the point of order was raised. I anticipated
something of this early in the session; and when
J spoke of going for the plurality rule, the ques-
tion was frequently put to me by gentlemen upon
the other side, whether, if that rule was adopted,
I would then vote for such a resolution as was
adopted in 1849. I replied, that I regarded no
such resolution as necessary, because the previous
resolution was sufficient—that, it was the act of a
majority of the House. That was the opinion I
then entertained, and I hold the same opinion
now. The resolution declares that the person
who receives the highest number of votes shall
be Speaker. The tellers merely announce who
has that vote, and I entertain the opinion that the
gentleman from Massachusetts can take his seat
under the resolution. That was and is now my
opinion. But I saw that, if the plurality rule were
resorted to, whether or not you could pass a res-
olution declaring the gentleman who received the
highest numberof votes for Speaker would depend
upon its phraseology. I say now to the gentle-
man from Ohio, and to others, that if a resolution
shall be offered declaring that the gentleman from
Massachusetts has been elected Speaker, by vir-
tue of that plurality resolution, if they think it
necessary, I will vote for it-
Mr. Clerk, I want to say further, that I antici-
pated that the gentleman from Massachusetts, or
some one entertaining the same opinions as he does,
would be elected. I have thought ail the session
that the chances were against any other result.
That was my expectation at the beginning of the
session, and has been all along. I thought that,
if he came in under the plurality rule, there might
bo such a struggle as this; and I examined this
question. I have not been disappointed in the
result. My object was to get. an organization.
I hoped it might have been different. I thought j
II might possiblv be.
1 have nothing to say in reference to the vot<"-s
of any gentleman. Perhaps, hereafter, wo may
discuss tmit. But I am gratiried that the House
has been organized, thus far, by the election of a I
Speaker. I have no resolution drawn up, or I
would offer if; but I sfand ready to vote for a
resolution, declaring that t'le gentleman from
Massachusetts has, by virtue of the plurality
resolution and the votes taken thereunder, been
elected Speaker.
Mr. H. MARSHALL. Following the prece-
dent made m 1849, and following the Constitu-
tion, which says, that the House shall elect its
Sneaker and oilier o ulcers, there is no doubt, in
my opinion, that, whenever a Speaker goes into
that chair, he must go there upon a vote of Ike
Jhurc, and a plurality is not the Howe* although
the House may determine that, upon a given bal-
lot, a pluraciy may indicate the determination
that the majority will take.
I have voted aguijjot the plurality rule at every
stage of this proceeding. I voted for the plurality
rule in 18-19, and I do not, of course, hold gentle-
men to any resnousibilitv for a breach of the Con-
s itution who have vexed for the phiraKtv now.
I did not vote for it now, just because I did not
want the consequences to come which are now
upon us. In 1849, when I did vote for the plu-
rality rule, and the honoi-able gentleman from
Georgia was elected under it Speaker of the
House, I then voted with the majority to put him
i.i the chair; and it is now my opmioxi that, with-
out any breach of honor, and without any breach*
of faith, the gentlemen who voted for the plural-
ity ought to carry out the determination of that
plurality, and, hy a majority vote, put the gen-
tleman from Massachusetts in the chair.
Mr. COBB, of Georgia. Allusion has been
made to wnat occurred here at the time that I was
elected Speaker of this House; and as I differ
with some of my friends with reference to their
construction of what was done then, and what is
necessary to be done now; and as 1 may be called
upon to vote upon some resolution connected
with this matter, I desire to place myself right |
before the House, and to give the reasons for the
vote which I shall give.
In 1849, when it was determined to adopt the
plurality rule, it was assailed as violative of the
Constitution. In order to avoid any difficulty
upon that subject, it was, by general consent
among those who were in favor of it, agreed that
a resolution should*be offered affirming the elec-
tion, and that was done. At that time, occupy-
ing the position that I did, I was asked the ques-
tion, whether, in my opinion, it was necessary
that this thing should be done ? I gave the same
opinion then that I entertain now, and that I have
repeatedly given when asked the question during
this canvass; and I feel it due to candor now to
state it. I hold that it is necessary for a majority
of this House to electa Speaker; but I hold, at
the same time, that, a majority of this House
adopting the plurality rule, when a plurality vote
is cast for any member, he is elected by virtue of
the resolution originally adopted by a majority
of the House. [Applause.]
When, sir, it was thought there was a probability
that the gentleman for whom I voted would be
elected, I gave that opinion then. I also gave it
to those on the other side of the House who
thought proper to ask my opinion upon the sub-
ject. I entertain no doubt in reference to it.
Therefore, I cannot agree with either of my
friends from Kentucky, that it is incumbent upon
those who voted for the plurality rule to perfect
the election of Mr. Banks by a resolution. I
think Mr. Banks has already been elected. My
friends upon this floor know that I have appealed
to them, from the commencement of this struggle
down to the present time, against the passage of
the plurality rule; but with the conviction upon
my judgment that Mr. Banks has been elccted by
virtue of the operation of this rule, I feel bound
to vote for a resolution declaring—what I have
avowed as my opinion—that he is elected Speaker
of this .House; and I do not hold, in doing so,
that I am participating in the election of Mr. "
Banks; for every man here who knows anything
of the course I have pursued in this Congress,
knows I have fought against this result. I say
I have struggled against it, and neither of my
friends, the gentleman fioin Arkansas, [Mi .Rust,]
or the gentleman from Kentucky, [Mr. A. K. Mar-
shall,] now regret the result more than I do. I
speak confidently of my feelings, compared with
their own upon this subject. But, holding the
opinions which I have avowed here, I am bound
to, and shall, vote for a resolution declaring that
an election has been held, and in doing so, shall
m nowise feel myself responsible for an election
which 1 have uniformly and earnestly opposed
with every honorable means in my power.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I send to the Clerk a reso-
lution, which I offer for adoption.
Mr. AIKEN. I desire to say one word. I ask
the permission of this House to escort the gentle-
man from Massachusetts [Mr. Banks] to the
chair, agreeably to the courtesy usual under such
circumstances. [" Good, good and u That is
nght 1"]
Air. WILLIAMS. I will modify my resolu-
tion by adding thereto the words: " And that the
Hon. William Aiken, of South Carolina, be
requested to escort him to the chair, as Speaker
elect.'5
The resolution was then reported, as follows:
Resolved, That the Hon. Nathaniel P. Banks, Jr., a
Representative of the State of Massachusetts, be declared
duly elccted Speaker of this House for the Thnty-Fomth
Congiess, under the plurality uile adopted by Vaa House,
and the vote taken thereon by vhich the election was made ;
and that the Hon. William Aikfn*, of South Catohna, be
requested to escoit lum to the cliair, as Speaker elect.
Mr. WALKER. I move to lay the resolution
upon the table.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I desire to say a
very few words. That Mr. Banks is properly
elected Speaker of the House, by the vote last
taken, there can be no doubt.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I withdraw my resolution.
The CLERK. If there be no objection, it will
be withdrawn.
Mr. AIKEN. I renew my motion.
Mr. SMITH. I believe I have the right to the
floor, but if the gentleman from South Carolina
[Mr. Aiken] desires to make any remarks, I will
give way with pleasure.
Mr. AIKEN. Go on.
Mr. SMITH. As I said before, there is not
