'330
APPENDIX TO TUB CONGRTfiSS!C)^At &LOBE.
[April 1,
34th Cong....1st Sess.
1Vavat Retiring Board—Mr. Clayton.
Senate.
the fact, that a dispute arose between the Senator
from Texas on the one side, and the chairman
of the Committee on Naval Affairs and my col-
league on the other, in regard to what was Charged
onthe one side to be an interpolation of the word
" sex" in a letter of Secretary Paulding, which
charge was denied. It was asserted that the word
was in die original letter to Commodore Hull.m
which case it was supposed and conceded that
Secretary Paulding had charged' these officers
with disrespect to*' the ladies on'board the femp, 1
- who were the wife of the Commodore' and "her
sister. It was denied on the other hand that the
' was to be found in the original tetter.
the ship, Wrote to them one of the severest
reprimands which I ever read. It delighted the
Senator from Texas to read it. They were rep-
rimanded publicly on board the ship by the letter
of the Secretary being read in the presence of
the officers and men; and the Commodore under-
took to add to' the punishment inflicted by the
Secretary of the Navy, by ordering four of the
officers homfe in an oldi store-ship. When they
came here they presented their case to the Secre-
tary of the Navy, and proved to his entire satis-
faction thai he had been laboring under a delu-
sion in reference to the whole matter., The result
is to be found in the letter which wa^ read on the
^have'^^nterest to^kepMr^'^^itlie/ihe one H ffoor of the Senate on a former day, exculpating
. —-— -"/t 4m.li eachand every one of these officers in every par-
ticular, retracting fr'inkly and honorably ®J1 the
-side or the other in decidinff that grave and im-
portant matter. I have only'this to say, that
having read the correspondence of Commodore
Hull carefully, and finding not one word of com-
plaint in his letters to the Secretary of the Navy
that any of these officers had treated the ladles
on board the ship with the slightest disrespect,
I cartnot comprene'nd how the Secretary of the
Navy could have introduced into his dispatch of
the 16th of December, 1839, such a charge when
there was nothing to lay a foundation for it.
The Senator from Texas, however, contends
that the word" is in the document; and 1 under-
stand that some letter-press copy has been found
r with die word in it. 1 shall treat the case just as
if the word were there. I advert to the matter
now for the purpose of showing that the Senator
from Texas has himself dragged these ladies be-
fore the Senate, and before the country, and thus
forced those who undertake, and whose duty it
- i«, to vindicate -these naval officers, to consider
- the propriety of the conduct of the Commodore
- in taking them on board the ship. I have before
- me an official copy of a letter of Secretary Pauld-
ing to Commodore Hull, written on the 30th of
November, 1838, in Which he gave him directiohs
how to dispose of the ladies during the cruise.
■ He said:
Washington, November 30,1838.
' My d*ait 9m: 1 am apprehensive the permission I,
unofficially, gave Mrs. Hull was not distinctly understood
te extend Only to her accompanying you to the Mediterra-
nean, andnot to comprehend' any other female. I have,
however, just been informed that Miss Hart, if not two
Miss Harts, are to go out with yoa in the Ohio.
This, certainly, was not my intention; but as any inter-
- -Terence on my part at this late mbment would probably dis-
arrange your motions, produce great disappointment, and
possibly delay the sailing of your ship, I am induced to ac-
quiesce in this addition to your party, with the express un-
derstanding that the ladies are to reside on shore during
your cruise.
I feel assured that, in order to quiet die eiamonrand dis-
satisfaction expressed.in every quarttr, as well as for the
benefit of the>emce '.generally, you will willingly make
this sacrifice to mv" wishes,'and tlrbse of the President.
I am, dear sir, yours very1 truly,
J. K. JPABLDING.
Commodore tit-, 4"e., S[c.,New Y&rk.
What did the Commodore do ? The Senator's
"" eourse compels ■ me to state it. ' He took' the ladies
and' kept them on board the' ship during far the
'greater part of the whroie cruise of between three
**nd four years. The consequence wasthat the
'Ward-rOOm officers oftheehlp, consisting, as I un-
• <derstand, of all the commissioned officers—all the
lieutenants, the purser, the chaplain, and the sut-
: geon^-nfri*e dislodged from their sleeping apart-
ments,arid Compelled to go to rooms on the orlop
deck, below the water-line bf the ship, where
there is no ventilation, no light, no windows, no
means of procuring -air except, perhaps, by a
■windsail. Fancy the ebhdition of men engaged
ednstarrtly in h&rd service! bn'board a ship in the
Levant, in the ©ppressive'hettts of slimmer, spend-
ing what time is allowed th«ias for sleeping in
such a position as that! They etrtftplaihed, but
they complained most Tfespectfully. They did
nothing mutinously. They did nothing which
was not perfectly respectful to the Commodore,
• for whom, nodoubt, they'all felt great'regard.
Their complaints were disregarded. They asked
that their statement should be Sent to the Secre-
tary of the Navy; but permission was refused,
• ana they submitted. The Commodore, instigated,
it is believed , by another person, wlkrm it is not
•necessary to name at present—not one of the
ladies—wl-ote letter after letter to the Secretary
6f die Navy, until at last Secretary Paulding,
under the belief that thfcBe officers must have
been guilty of something monstrous on bcJard
charges which had been made against them,
ordering them to return to the Ohio, and that
there the Commodore should cause to be read on
the deck of the ship, in the presence of the same
audience which had heard the letter of the 16th
of Deceirtber, 1839, the dispatch exonerating them
from all the imputations against them. This letter
ofentire acquittal was accordingly read in public
on die deck of the Ohio. Full justice was done
to tfiem by Secretary Paulding; and,as I said on
a former occasion, he' deserved to be honored
for it. • .
Ontf would suppose $iat all this would have
quieted the clamor in regard to these officers for-
ever; but, strange as it may seem, the Senator
from Texas delights to bring forward the charges
of Commodore Hull, after the Secretaryof the
Navy had entirely disposed of them._ He has
presented them again and read them withgusto.
In order to get at a few of them, he fires into the
whole number of ward-room officers of the Ohio,
all of whom were implicated'as well as Pender-
grast, Godon, Missroon, and Du Pont. In order
to'strike at these four, who were on the naval
board, he produced the evidence against all the
members of the ward-room mess—some fifteen in
number. Their defense, their exculpation, is to
be found in the letter of the Secretary of the
Navy; and nothing could be more Conclusive.
To One of the officers whom I have just named
—Lieutenant Missroon—a passing notice is here
due. He is, I understand, a native of South Car-
olina. He is a most gallant and admirable offi-
cer. From the opinions which I gather in every
quarter, I learn he is one of the best seamen in
the American Navy. Lieutenant Maury, in his
memorial, makes a fling at him, and, with a view
to asSail the board, says that he himself was
retired for one broken leg, while Missroon'sj leg
had been twice'broken. As he has thus alluded
to this circumstance, I will take occasion here to
relate the facts connected with Missroon's broken
leg, because the statement of those facts will do
honor to that officer, while they will vindicate
the decision of the board in his case.
While he was performing the duties of execu-
tive officer of the deck of the Ohio, iri a gale of
wind during the night, standing-on the horse
block, by a lurch of the ship he was thrown from
his elevated position to the deck, and his leg was
broken. He was carried below, and there, while
the ship was rolling in the tempest, a very im-
perfect effort Was made to set his leg. He was
afterwards landed at Mahon with great difficulty
and in great agony. The leg at length partially
healed, but being badly set, the bones being im-
properly adjusted would not knit together prop-
erly. Still he performed the duties of a lieutenant
afloat for two years and a half, on that injured
leg,'determined, at the hazard of his life, not to
retire from the service of his country. The agony
which he had endured became at last so intense,
that it Was found that he must abandon his pro-
fession unless some remedy could bp bad for the
defect of this limb. He inquired amongthe medical
'men of the country what could be done. At last
a distinguished surgeon in Philadelphia told him
that the operation which could cure the defectinust
be by bWia'kittg the leg again, cutting away a por-
tion of the bone, ana setting it anew, and that,
unless he could undergo the agony unavoidably
incident to that operation, he must remain as he
was. Further he was counseled by this eminent
Burgeon that it might be at the hazard of his life
if such an attempt should be made, and he d«clined
to perform the operation. Missroon told him,
" Sir, if you will not do it, I will go to London or
Paris, and have it done there." "Then," said
the surgeon, " if you are resolved to have it done
at the peril of your life, I can do it as well as any .
Englishman or Frenchman, and I will do it
myself." He set about it. The bones were laid
bare; they were sawed in two, and the sufferer
bore it like a hero. With a chisel and mallet the
callous formation, where the bones were united,
was hacked away, chip after chip, until the whole
of that substance was removed. The heroic sailor
bore it without flinching, though unsustained by
chloroform or ether, and the result was, that his
leg was properly set and he recovered. In ninety
days afterwards he was found attending to his
affairs in Charleston, South Carolina. He has
since performed seven years'service onboard ship
on that leg, which is now as good as any man's
leg here. This is the gentleman whose case
Lieutenant Maury has introduced to us, com-
plaining that he who had his leg twice broken
was retained in the service, while Maury, whose
leg was only once broken, was retirea on the
leave-of-absence list.
The Senator from Texas, while on one occasion
assailing these members of the naval board,
took occasion to say that, when Lieutenants Pen-
dergrast, Du Pont, Missroon, and Godon returned
from the United Stntes to the ship Ohio, they
made the tour of Europe before going back to
their ship. I asked him at the time whether ho
undertook to say that Du Pont traveled over
Eufopie, and did not go directly to his ship ? The
Senator did not retract the statement as regards
him. *
Mr. HOUSTON. I will explain that matter
to the Senator. I thought he asked me if Du
Pont had not made representations to the Secre-
tary of the Navy on his return, and had not pre-
sented a statement of the wrongs which he said
were done to him ? I understood the question to
be, not as to the point of time at which he
returned, but whether he was included in the
number of those who sought to exculpate them-
selves before the Secretary of the Navy. That
was the question propounded to me as I under-
stood it.  
Mr. CLAYTON- The Senator had censured
all these officers for wasting their time after being
ordered back to the ship. It is my purpose to
exonerate them from that imputation, and I will
first speak in regard to Du Pont. His wife was
dangerously ill. at the time. On the entreaties,of
his friends, permission was granted to him to re-
main at home for two months to attend to her.
Immediately after his leave of absence expired,
he started on the most direct route for the ship,
reached her in the shortest time possible, and.
presented his orders to the Commodore. I have
the Commodore's letter before me acknowledging
that he was fully satisfied with the statement of
his conduct maae by Du Pont.* .
With regard to the other officers, Godon, Pen-
dergrast, and. Missroon, it is due to them to state
that they went at once, after receiving orders
to rejoin the Ohio, to one of the ports of Frajnce,
and inquired what had become of the sTiip ?
The Commodore had then left Port Mahon, arid
nobody knew where he was going, or where he
intended to winter. These officers inquired of l&e
consuls of the United States in every quarter, the
consul in Paris among others, and could getivoth-
j ing to guide them, except a rumor or supposition,
which was entertained by some of the consuls,
I that the Commodore would winter at Spezjia.
They immediately set out for Spezzia, but found
•At Mr. Clayton's request, the reporter inserts.,the
following extract of a letter from ex-Secretary Paulding to
Mr. Clayton:
" Hrnt Park, Dutches s Count*, March 30,183®*
f£Ja: I received, a day or two since, under your ftinfk,
a copy of your speech in executive session of -the Senate,
in vindication of Captain Du Pont from the anonymous
attack on hi* character as an officer; and, though doubtful
whether I am indebted to your kindness for it, I prefer
being mistaken in supposing such is the case, to exhibiting
a want of courtesy in omitting to make my acknowledg-
ment.
" The intercourse I had with Captain Du Pont on that
occasion, his frank, manly deportment, and other high
characteristics he exhibited,.convinced me he fully merited
the eulogiums bestowed on him in your eloquent vindica-
, tion."
