1856.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1941
The question being taken on Mr. Brown's
amendment by yeas and nays, resulted—yeas
13, nays 30; as follows
YE AS—Messrs. Rig??, Brown, Clay, Fessenden, Fitzpat-
rick, Houston, Hunter, Mailory, fteid, Toombs, and Yulee—■
11.
NAYS—Messrs. Allen, Bell of New Hampshire, Bell of
Tennessee, Bigler, Bright, ttrodhead,Cass, Collamer, Crit-
tenden, Dodge, Douglas, Fi&h, Foot, Foster, Geyer, Harlan,
James, Johnson, Pearce, Pugh, Sebastian, Seward, Shdell,
Btuatt, Thompson of Kentucky, Trumbull, Wade, Weller,
Wilson, and VViigUt—30.
So the amendment was not agreed to.
^ The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on the motion of the Senator from Indiana to
strike out the second section.
The motion was rejected.
The bill was reported to the Senate as amended,
and the amendments made as in Committee of
the Whole were concurred in. The bill was
ordered to be engrossed for a third reading, and
was read the third time. *
Mr. TOOMBS. I call for the yeas and nays
on the passage of the bill.
The yeas and nays were ordered; and, being
taken, resulted—yeas 30, nays 10; as follows:
YEAS—Messss. Alien, Bell of New Hampshire, Bieler,
Btight, Brodliead, Cass, Collamer, Crittenden, Dodge, Doug-
las,'Feasertden, Fish, Foot, Foster, Geyer, Harlan, James,
Johnson. Pearce, Pugh, Sebastian, Seward. Shdeli, Stuart,
Thompson of Kentucky, Trumbull, Wade, Weller, Wilson,
and Wnght—00.
NAYS—Me^rs. Brown.Butler, Clay,FHzpatrick,Hous-
ton, liuntei, Mailory, lteici, Toombs, and Yulee—10.
So the bill was passed.
HARBOR OF CHICAGO.
The Senate next proceeded to consider, as in
Committee of the Whole, the bill (S. No. 165) for
continuing the improvement of the harbor of
Chicago, in the State of Illinois, which appropri-
ates $50,01)0.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I hold in my hand the esti-
mate of Colonel Graham, superintendent of that
work, chargcd with the general superintendency
of the works on Lake Michigan, resident at Chi-
cago. The estimate is made in detail of what is
necessary to be done. Colonel Graham, it will
be recollected, is the engineer who has been com-
plimented so highly and justly by the Senator
irom Virginia, [Sir. Mason,] and others, for his
very great skill, experience, and accuracy in his
profession. From this estimate and report it
appears that, for the completion of the Chicago
harbor, according to the opinion of the engineer
corps, $138,516 68 is the sum required. Now,
when your engineers give an estimate for a spe-
cific work, it is very bad economy to appropriate
half what is necessary, for it will cost you twice
as much to perform the service in that way as
by appropriating at once what is required. You
must expend the same amount in machinery, in
labor, m superintendence, and in everything that
constitutes the extras of the work, under a small
appropriation as under a large one, and it is cheap-
est to appropriate at once the sum that you re-
quire, or else make no appropriation at all.
The committee propose $50,000, and the esti-
mate is $138,516 68. How do we know $50,000
will do any more than commence the work in
such a manner that the next storm will sweep
everything away ?
Mr. TRUMBULL. The bill was introduced
and reported upon before the estimate of Colonel
Graham was received. That accounts for the
discrepancy. I will state also that the committee
have been consulted on the subject, and agree to
the full amount.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I am very glad to hear the
explanation of my colleague. That accounts
fully for the variation between the bill and the
estimate. The bill was introduced before the
reception of the estimate, and I now understand
the committee sanction the amendment which I
am about to move to insert—instead of $50,000,
§138,516 68. 1 do not intend to make any argu-
ment m regard to the importance of Chicago, or its
very great shipping and commerce, and its com-
manding position as the center of a large north-
western trade. These things are familiar to the
Senate. I can only say, that if it is proposed to
make appropriations for the improvement of har-
bors, economy requires us to make appropria-
tions to the extent that is necessary* in order to
obtain the greatest amount of benefit in the con-
struction of the works. I move the amendment,
Mr. JOHNSON. I will suggest to my friend
from Illinois, [Mr. Douglas] that if we were
to pursue the same principle in regard to all the
other bills, we could go back and put on about
§10,000,000. 1 submit whether an exception ought
to be made in this instance, though himself and his
colleague on the other side of the House concur
entirely in this matter. I do not think it sounds
well, or is reasonable to the rest of us. The dif-
ference between $50,000 estimated in the fust
place, and $138,000 recommended in the second,
is very great. 1 do not know of any work for
which full provision has been made'hitherto in
the appropriations others have been only to carry
on the works until the next Congress, when
the subject can be taken wjx again. There remains
but three months between this and the next ses-
sion, when these subjects can again be considered.
I really think it would be wise on the part of the
Senator from Illinois to allow the bill to remain
with an appropriation of £30,000, though the
committee have agreed that it would bo as well
to appropriate the whole $138,000. i hope the
amendment will not be pressed. I only say, as
one of those who regard this class of measures
as constitutional, that I will not suppoit the
amendment, because, if we do that, we must take
up every other measure and insert an appropria-
tion that will complete the work. 1 think they
might be a little moderate on the lakes. They are
pressing the matter rather far.
Mr. DOUGLAS. My fnend from Arkansas
is under a very great mistake. I think, m each
case, at any rate in very many cases  
Mr. JOHNSON. In regard to any improve-
ment in mv own State 1 know it is not so.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I had not finished my sen-
tence. In each case, or certainly m many cases,
amendments have been made to raise the appro-
priations in the bills to the estimates, where the
bills fell below the estimates I am sorry to say
that I did not find my friend from Arkansas
pressing objections to those. The appropriations
have been raised time and again during the past
few weeks, and I am sorry that my friend should
interpose his objection now upon me, for the
first time, when he has allowed so many others
to pass.
What is more,it appears from the explanation
that this was entirely a mistake in repotting the
bill for the smaller amount. My colleague, be-
fore the estimate was received, introduced a bill
for the appropriation, and put it at §50,000, not
knowing what the estimate would be, of course
leaving it to be amended to conform to the esti-
mate, whether greater or less, when it should bo
received. It fbem* that when the estimate came
it was for $138,000, and the committee indorsed
it. Then should you put the appropriation at
$50,000, without any assurance that the money
will not give out before the work is m such a
state of forwardness as to protect it against
storms? When the storms come your $50,000
may be a total loss. True economy is to give
whatever is necessary at once, and let the woik
be finished. 1 am certain my friend from Arkan-
sas will withdraw his objection, and allow this
amendment to prevail.
Mr. JOHNSON. I am very certain that I am
the last man who would do an uucourteous act
to the Senator.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I know that.
Mr. JOHNSON. The bill presented by his
colleague, as I understand, put the appropriation
at §15,000, and it was so reported by the com-
mittee. I know that it is not likely §50,000 can
be expended at this point before the whole sub-
ject will be up again at the next session,, and
therefore I think it is not worth while to consider
this the last chance that will be ever ottered.
Mr. SEWARD. Will the honorable Senator
from Arkansas allow me to make an explanation ?
Mr. JOHNSON. I have but a word more to
say, and that is in regard to the suggestion of
the Senator from Illinois as to my having taken
no notice of matters of this sort that have been
before the Senate heretofore. I must confess
that I hare observed several instances where an
appropriation has been increased; but they were
always small sums. If there has been any ex-
travagant increase, such as more than double the
amount originally proposed by the introducer of
the measure, to say nothing about the committee,
1 have not observed anything of the sort before.
If I had, I do not think I could have sat still in
my seat. It is true, that during a part of this
debate I have been called away upon two or
three occasions. If 1 had observed anything like
that I should have objected. 1 do no*t see the
necessity of it, and I do not see the propriety of
it, and I hope there is not sufficient force in it to
demand the enforcement of an amount like this.
I shall freely support an appropriation of $50,000,
but I believe we should not press these matters
too strongly.
Mv. DOUGLAS. I merely wish to add that
an example, and a very noted one, will be found
for-my motion in the bill for the removal of ob-
structions at the mouth of the Mississippi river,
brought forward by my friend from Louisiana,
[Mr. Sudell.]
Mr. JOHNSON., I was not present then.
Mr. DOUGLAS. There I believe the exam-
ple was set.
Mr. SLIDELL. That bill, as originally re-
ported from the Committee on Commerce, con-
tained an appropriation of $650,000, and passed
the Senate in that form. It went to the House,
and $300,000 were there stricken out, so that there
was a reduction.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I do not wish any contro-
versy upon this point. 1 desire simply to make
the bill conform to the system which I believe
true economy requires, if we are going on with
this system. But I will not prolong the discus-
sion.
Mr. CLAY. Will the Senator from Illinois
inform me what amount has hitherto been appro-
priated in the aggregate for the construction of
this harbor? 1 believe it was made a harbor.
In the beginning there was no harbor there.
Mr. DOUGLAS. On that point I cannot an-
swer my friend specifically. It is twenty years
since the first appropriations were made, and
they have continued from time to time until the
present. If I could even make an approximate
statement of the amount, I would do so, but 1
cannot. I presume it must be $300,000 in all; but
I may be mistaken and wide from the mark in
that, though I should think that was probably
about the amount. As the Senator states, the ap-
propriation was for making a harbor in the first
instance. The Chicago river is a very deep river
for five miles up the lake on one branch and two
miles up the other, making seven miles of deep
navigation, with from fifteen to forty feet depth
of water up to the city. But at the mouth was a
sand bar; and piers run*out, cutting off the sand
bar, made the harbor.
Then there is a channel in these lakes—a curt
rent running from the north to the south and west
pretty steadily, which brings down a load of sand
that lodges against the north pier. It forms there
until it begins to run around the end of the pier.
Then it is necessary to extend the pier, and to
keep extending it, so as to get beyond the sand,
and not fill up the harbor. That is the nature of
the improvement. It is a process which, I sup-
pose, will go on in all time to come. I will not
pretend that this appropriation is going to finish
it forever; for the sand will keep rolling down
with the current as long as the water runs; and
it will, some years hence, make another obstruc-
tion. It is folly for us to pretend that we shail
e\cr finish any of these works. We are now
deepening tins harbor; and this sum finishes it
for the present, as far as is now contemplated;
and the engineer's reports consider it now a^
finishing. I have said frequently that this im-
provement of rivers and harbors will never end;
and the only question is, as to the plan we shall
adopt.
Mr. CASS. I rise merely to read an extract
from a letter I received to-day from Colonel Gra-
ham. As I have already said, he is one of the
ablest and most scientific engineers in our coun-
try. He says:
" T think I sent you by mail, some time ago, a chait of
Chicago haibor, showing the extern of trie bar at the h.nbor
entrance, as it existed early m April last. Ctar topograph-
ical < blundering'has actually destioyed that bar, by dodg-
ing, to such an extent that we now have a channel xo the
direct entrance between the piers, of lull tdn feet d'jep and
three hundred feet wide, so that vessels can now sail
directly in when seeking refuge from nouns, or m their
usual busmess trips. We shall toon have tins channel
still wider and deeper, so that it will probably prevent the
loss of many human lives, and of hundreds of thousands
of dollars worth of propeitv in the violent galea lhat will
occur in the approaching months of ^September and Octo-
