1008
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 30,
York [Mr. Haven] says he wants the further
consideration of this bill postponed until some
day certain, in order that it may then be referred
to the Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union. I would suggest to the gentleman
from New York that we should be losing time
by that course. If the bill is not now referred to
the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union, it will go over upon the Calendar; and
the bills reported in the mean time from the
Committee on Commerce, and from other com-
mittees, will take their places upon the Calendar
in committee before this bill. We shall lose time,
then, by refusing now to refer this bill.
Now, sir, it is not tit all necessary, as some
gentlemen seem to imagine, that the bill shall be
postponed until it shall be in order to move a sus-
pension of the rules to make it the special order
for a certain day. It may be committed to the
committee now; and then, next Monday, or the
Monday following, the House may suspend its
rules, if objection be made, and make the bill a
special order for any day it may see fit to desig-
nate, just as well as they can do it if the bill is
postponed until that time. It may be done as well
after its reference to the committee as at the time
it is referred. I shall be ready to second the
chairman of the Committee on Commerce at any
time in making it a special order.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I will make
a suggestion which will, perhaps, meet the views
of both the gentleman from Virginia and the
gentleman from New York, [Mr. Haven".] I am
willing to withdraw the motion to postpone the
consideration of the bill until the second Tues-
day in June, and move to postpone until the sec-
ond Monday in June, when the House can take
up the bill, and, if it shall see proper, refer it to
the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union, and at the same time make it a special
order.
Mr.*MILLSON. I will state to my colleague
on the Committee on Commerce, that we have
the same common object in "view, and merely dif-
fer as to the best mode of accomplishing that
object. Now, I would suggest, with all proper
deference to the gentleman from Illinois, that it
seems to me that the mode proposed by htm is
calculated to defeat the passage of this bill. If
tliis is to be an open question until the second
Monday or the second I uesdn v of June, as a mat-
ter of course, in the mean time bills will be reported,
referred to the Committee of the Whole oh the
state of the Union sand take their places on the Cal-
endar. Then, when this bill again comes up and
is referred, it will go so low down on the calendar
that it cannot be reached unless it is made a
special order. Now, suppose the House should
not make the bill a spceiai order—suppose wo
should not be able to obtain a vote of two thirds
to suspend the mJes: 1 would suggest to my col-
league on the Committee on Commerce, that if
this bill is to go to the committee, it is desirable
that it should occupy as favorable a position on
the Calendar as possible, and it would facilitate
the passage of the bill by referring it to the Com-
mittee of the Whole on the slate of the Union
now, lather than wait until the second Monday
or the second Tuesday m June.
I say that I will go with the gentleman from
Illinois for making this bit! n special order. I
think it ought, to be made a special order. We
can then go into Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union by a majority vote, and take
it up and consider it; for I repeat that it must go
to the Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union, if it is to receive that consideration
necessary to induce the majority of the House to
consent to its passage.
Now, in reference to the suggestion made by
the gentleman from New York [Mr. Haven]—
and it seemed to me a strange one, a very un-
necessary one, and by no means a courteous one
—that there was not a single member of the Com-
mittee on Commerce who understood the differ-
ence between the enrollment and registry of a
vessel. I will only say that I do not know by
what wan ant the gentleman from New York
undertakes to make such an assault upon the-
Speaker of this House, in constituting the com-
mittee—for it was not by our act that we were
placed upon the committee.
Mr. HAVEN. I never said, and never intended
to say, that none of the members of that commit-
tee could do that. I only asked them to do it.
The gentleman has the floor, and he can do it if
any of them can. Let him do it. I ask, which
of them can tell me the difference between some
of these things ? There are many questions which
I can raise in reference to this bill, but which I
cannot answer myself. If they can answer them,
on my interrogatory, then I may vote under-
standingly; otherwise I cannot.
Mr. MILLSON. If the gentleman desires
answers to his questions for his own information,
I would suggest, that, perhaps, it would be better
that he should obtain that information at some
other time, and not at the expense of the people
of the United States. [Laughter.] I therefore
will not take up the time of the House, and in-
volve an unnecessary expenditure of the public
money, by giving the information which the gen-
tleman, it seems, now desires on his own account.
Mr. HAVEN. If the gentleman will give the
information, I will be willing to pay for it out of
my own pocket.
Mr. MILLSON. Nor do I think that it would
be a becoming attitude for any of the members of
the Committee on Commerce to assume, to give
to the House the amount of any little information
they may possess, which mnyor may not qualify
them for the discharge of their duties, merely
becausc the extent of their knowledge may be
questioned by a gentleman who now acknowl-
edges that he is not much better informed on the
subject than he supposes the members of the
Committee on Commerce to be. I think it is a
fair subject of criticism that there is something in
the bill—if there be anything—which may justify
any member of this House in questioning the in-
formation, collective or individual, of the mem-
bers of the Committee on Commerce; but unless
there be something there on which the gentleman
can sustain his criticism, I, for one, do not feel
myself at all called on to vindicate the judicious-
ness of the Speaker's selections, by giving the gen-
tleman from New York the assurance that we arc
not altogether so ignorant of the smallest matters
of duty relating to the Committee on Commerce.
Mr. HAVEN. I do not, of course, make any
imputation on the committee; but I do say, with
confidence, that, if they can answer, they are
wiser than others; for the legislation heretofore,
which they now undertake to revise, confounds
two things which were distinct and separate in
their origin.
Mr. MILLSON. I do not question the cor-
rectness of the conclusion to which the gentleman
has come, that this bill ought to be referred to the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union,
where it ought to rccci ve the deliberate considera-
tion of the House. 1 have said that it, ought to
receive the deliberate consideration of the Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union.
I believe myself that the bill requires extensive
amendments; and it is because it requires exten-
sive amendments that I have suggested to the
chairman of the Committee on Commerce that
the bill be allowed to go to the committee, and
there receive that revision which may insuie its
passage.
Mr. McMULLIN. Mr. Speaker, I do not
wish to be misunderstood on this question. It
may be supposed that I am opposed to the bill:
such, however, is not the fact. The truth is, I
am not prepared to say whether I am in favor of,
or against, the bill, i have not examined U. I
doubt very much whether any gentleman here,
except the members of the Committee on Com-
merce, have carefully and attentively read and
examined the bill. The bill may be right. It
may be as pcrfect as man can make it. I am one
of those members who reside near the head of
canal navigation. I am not conversant with the
laws on this subject. Doubtless they may need
modification and general revision. But when the
chairman of the Committee on Commerce was
about, as I suppose, to push this bill through the
House with unprecedented hot haste, in violation
of all proper rules, 1 did feel it to be my duty to
arrest the proceedings of the House. Now i'beg
to call the attention of the members of the Com-
mittee on Commerce, and especially that of its
chairman, to the fact stated by the gentleman
from Tennessee. The gentlemen have a com-
manding majority in this House; and they may,
if the bill be sent to the Committee of the Whole
! i on the state of the Union, take it up at tiny time,
and consider It in preference to other business. I
am willing to give it that preference over other
matters referred to the Committee of the Whole;
but 
Mr. WASHBURNE. I do not propose to
make this a party question, and I do not know
of any man who does. The bill is a measure of
no party; and it has the sanction of the gentle-
man's own Secretary of the Treasury.
Mr. McMULLIN. I have not so intimated.
What I meant was this: you, Mr. Speaker, and
others here, know that the gentlemen representing
the commercial constituencies of this country-
judging of the future by the past—will almost
invariably control the legislation of this Govern-
ment. I alluded to that, and not to a party view
of the question. I repeat, that if it is the purpose
of those gentlemen to give this bill a full, fair,
and free consideration, let it go to the Committee
of the Whole on the state of the Union. Then,
when we go into committee I shall have no ob-
jection to taking it up for consideration. I have
seen, on various occasions, bills reported to the
House, the previous question called, and mem-
bers compelled to vote blindfold Every member,
like myself, is pressed with business, both here
and at the Departments, in which our constituents
feel an interest. I have been so much engaged
that I have not read the bill, nor do I know that
I shall be made acquainted with its provisions
until it is read at the Clerk's desk.
Mr. Speaker, I rise merely for the purpose of
disabusing the minds of the Committee on Com-
merce in reference to my position on this subject.
I am not opposed to the bill. I may vote for it;
but I tell the committee that, if they attempt to
force me to vote on it under the operation of the
previous question—under the gag—I will vote
against it, as that is the safest vote I can give.
Therefore I hope the committee will consent to
let the bill go to the Committee of the Whole. I
would be glad if the gentleman would withdraw
his motion to postpone, and move that the bill be
referred to the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union. However, he can take what
course he pleases.
Mr. WASHBURNE. I do not propose to put
the gag on this or any other bill. I desire the
postponement, that the bill may be fully con-
sidered, and that it may be in the control of the
House. If it be thought best for that purpose
that it shall go to the Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union, I am willing that it
shall go there, provided there is an understanding
that it shall be made a spccial order.
Mr. BENSON. I desire to make a suggestion
before the gentleman submits his motion. It is
admitted on all hands that this is an important
bill. Having the honor to represent a commer-
cial district, and, therefore, a constituency largely
interested in this bill, I would be glad to have
extra copies of it printed, so t-hat it may be
sent to commercial men, who, while we are at-
tending to other things, may give it an examina-
tion and return it with their suggestions. In the
gentleman's motion I hope he will include the
motion to print extra copies for that purpose.
Mr. WASHBURNE. 1 think that the gen-
tleman can now get. all the extra copies that he
may desire. Ho can make the motion for them
if he pleases.
Mr. BENSON. I have not the floor to do so.
Mr. WASHBURNE. My proposition is to
postpone it until the second Monday in June. At
that time the bill will be regularly before the
House. It will be within the control of the House,
and then wo can make it a special order if we de-
sire. My motion will more certainly accomplish
the object which my colleague upon the commit-
tee has in view, as well as myself—the having
this bill fairly considered. If we commit it at
this time, it is well known that we must adopt
some resolution under a suspension of the rules
on some Monday—and gentlemen well know how
difficult that is—to make it a special order. If
we postpone it until a given Monday, then the
bill will come up in regular order, and we can
move to commit it, and make it a special order.
Mr. BOYCE. Believing that the question of
reference has been sufficiently discussed, I call
the previous question.
Mr. WASHBURNE. I hope the House will
consent to dispose of the matter.
The SPEAKER. If the gentleman from South
