1856.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1069
Carolina insists upon his call, it will supersede
the motion to postpone.
Mr. BOYCE. Then I will not insist upon it.
The question was taken on Mr. Washburne's
motion; and it was agreed to.
So the further consideration of the bill was post-
poned until the second Monday in June next.
REPORTS FROM COMMITTEES.
Mr. KENNETT, from the Committee on Com-
merce, reported back, with an amendment in the
nature of a substitute, a bill (H. R. No. 150) to
improve the navigation and to continue the sur-
vey of White river, in the States of Arkansas and
Missouri; which was referred to the Committee
of the Whole on the state of the Union, and the
bill, amendment, and report ordered to be printed.
Mr. K. also, from the same committee, report-
ed the following bills, which were severally read
a first and second time, referred to the Committee
of the Whole on the state of the Union, and the
bills and reports ordered to be printed:
A bill making an appropriation for the improve-
ment of the navigation of the Missouri river by
contract;
A bill making an appropriation for the im-
provement of the navigation of the Ohio river by
contract;
A bill making an appropriation for removing
'the impediments to the navigation of the Missis-
sippi river by contract;
A bill making an appropriation for the improve-
ment of the navigation of Arkansas river by con-
tract; and
A bill to continue theimprovementof theharbor
of Oswego, New York.
Mr. K. also, from the same committee, pre-
sented an adverse report on the memorial of the
southern and western steamboat pilots; which
was laid on the table, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. Has the morning
hour expired?
The SPEAKER. It has.
Mr. JONES. Then I move that the House
proceed to the business upon the Speaker's table.
SECURITY OF AMERICAN CITIZENS.
Mr. HERBERT. By the arrival of the last
steamer from Aspimvall we are informed that
thirty of our citizens have been massacred upon
the Isthmus of Panama. This is not the first
event of that character which has occurred in that
quarter, and, in my opinion, it is high time that
our Government was taking some steps to put a
stop to such occurrences. If our citizens are to
have no relief from the Government, the earlier
we know it the better it will be for the country.
I therefore offer the following resolution:
Resolved, That the Committee on Foreign Affairs tie in-
structed to mquuc,if nny, aad what {uithnr legislation may-
be nfices&aiy to spcuic tlio lives and piopertv of American
citizens passing over tht> Ibtlimus of Panama.
The resolution was agreed to.
The question recurred upon Mr. Jones's mo-
tion.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio. 1 move that the
rules be suspended, and that the House resolve
itself into the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union.
The SPEAKER. That motion takes prece-
dence of that of the gentleman from Tennessee.
Mr. JONES. Yes, sir; but I hope it will not
be adopted. My object is to get up the bill of the
Senate relating to elections in this District. [Cries
of "Order!" "order!"] I demand the yeas and
nays upon the motion of the gentleman from
Ohio.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the affirmative—yeas 80, nays 64; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Albright, Gall, Barbour, Henry Bennett,
Benson, Billin^hurst, Biyhop, Bradshaw, Brenton, BulTtn-
ton, Burlmtrame, James II. Campbell, John P. Campbell,
Lewis D. Campbell, Chaffee, Ezra Clark, dawson, Colfax,
Covode, Cox, Cumback, Damrell, Ilenry Winter Davis,
Timothy Davi^, Dean, Dickson, Dnrfee, Flagler, Henry AT.
Fuller, Galloway, Giddings, Gilbert, Grow, J. Morrison
Harris, linn Km, Haven, Hoffman, Tiiomas It. Hoiton,
Valentine B. IIorton,Kmg,Knapp, ICnox, Mace, Humphrey
Maishull, Matteson, Kilhan Miller, Moirill, Paine, Parker,
Peiton, Pettit, Piinstle, Pnrvianee, Puryear, Reade, Keady,
Rieaud, Pavers, Ilobbms, J&obeits, Robison, Sabin, Sapp,
Scott, Snced, Stanton, Stranataan, Tlioiington, Thurston,
Todd, Tiippe, Walbridge, Waldi'on, Walker, Elhhu B.
Washburne, Israel Waslilitun, Watson, Wnitney, Wood-
ruff, and Zolhcofler—80.
NAYS—Messis. Aiken, Barclay, Barlcsdale, Hendley S.
Bennett, Bliss, Bocock, Bowie, Boyee, Branch, Burnett,
Cadvvalader, Carhle, Caskie, Howell Cobb, Williamson R.
W. Cobb, Craffin, Denver, Dodd, Dowdell, Edmundson,
Thomas J. D. Fuller, Goode, Greenwood, Harlan, Sampson
W. Harris, Herbert, Holloway, Hughston, Jewett, George
W. Jones, J. Glancy Jones, Keilt, Kelly, Ivelsey, Kidweil,
Knowlton, Leiter, Lumpkin, Samuel S. Marshall, Max-
well, MeCarty, McMullin, McQueen, Smith Miller, Mill-
son, Mott, Nichols, Orr, Peck, Phelps, Powell, Quitman,
Richardson, Ruflin, Sandidge, Savage, Seward, Spinner,
Tappan, Vail, Warner, Wells, Wheeler, and Daniel B.
Wright—-64.
So the motion was agreed to.
Pending the call of the roll,
Mr. ORR stated that, after to-day, and until
the 16th of May, he had paired off with Mr.
Watson.
Mr. BARKSDALE stated that Mr. Wright,
of Tennessee, was confined to his room by indis-
position.
Mr. COLFAX stated that Mr. Porter had
paired off with Mr. Washburne, of Wisconsin.
INDIAN APPROPRIATION BILL.
The House accordingly resolved itself into the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union,
(Mr. Cobb, of Georgia, in the chair,) and resumed
the consideration of the special order, the Indian
appropriation bill, the pending question being on
Mr. Stanton's motion to strike out the first sec-
tion of the bill; upon which Mr. Bcffinton was
entitled to the floor.
Mr. BUFFINGTON rose, and addressed the
committee one hour, against the extension of
slavery. His speech will be found in the Ap-
pendix.
Mr. MEACHAM then obtained the floor, and
addressed the committee for one hour upon Kan-
sas affairs. His speech is withheld for revision,
and will appear in the Appendix.
The question now being upon the motion to
strike out the first clause of the bill,
Mr. STANTON, by unanimous consent, with-
drew that amendment.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. This is a long
bill, and I understand that there are no appropri-
ations contained in it except those required by
law, and in pursuance of treaties with the various
Indian tribes; and as there is no new legislation
contained mit, I suggest that, by general consent,
the further reading of the bill be dispensed with.
There being no objection, the reading of the
bill was dispensed with.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio. I move that the
committee do now rise and report the bill to the
House.
The motion was agreed to,
So the committee rose; and the Speaker having
resumed the chair, Mr. Cobb, of Georgia, re-
ported that the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union had, according to order, had
the Union generally under consideiation, and
particularly the bill of the House (No. 71) making
appropriations for the service of the Indian de-
partment, and for fulfilling treaty stipulations
with the various tribes of Indians, for the year
ending June SO, 1857, and had instructed him to
report the same to the House without amend-
ment.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio. There are some
clerical amendments which are necessary to be
made, and which I suppose will be made by com-
mon consent. If there be no objection, I hope
they may be considered as adopted, and, if so, I
now move the previous question on the engross-
ment of the bill.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered to be put.
And then, on motion of Mr. PRINGLE, (at
half past three o'clock, p. m.,) the House ad-
journed until to-morrow, at twelve o'clock, m.
IN SENATE.
Thursday, May 1, 1856.
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. Henry C. Dean.
The J ournal of yesterday was read and approved.
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATIONS.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore laid before the
Senate a report of the Secretary of War, com-
municating, in compliance with a resolution of
the Senate, information in relation to the military
reservation at Fort Crawford, in tiie_ State of
Wisconsin; which, on motion of Mr.'Jones, of
Iowa, was referred to the Committee on Public
Lands, and ordered to be printed.
He also laid before the Senate a communica- I
tion from the Court of Claims, returning, in com-
pliance with a resolution of the Senate, the peti-
tion and papers of Elizabeth Montgomery, heir
of Hugh Montgomery; which was ordered to lis
on the table.
PETITION.
Mr. FITZPATRICK presented a petition of
citizens of Dallas county, Alabama, praying for
the establishment of a railroad from Benton to
Camden, in that State; which was referred to the
Committee on the Post Office and Post Roads.
REPORTS FROM COMMITTEES.
Mr. WADE, from the Committee on Claims,
to whom was referred the petition of Norwood
McClelland, submitted a report, accompanied by
a bill (S. No. 276) for the relief of NorwoodMc-
Clelland, master of the steamboat New World;
which was read, and passed to a second reading.
The report was ordered to be printed.
Mr. BENJAMIN, from the Committee on
Commerce, to whom was referred the memorial
of Henry J. Rodgers, submitted a report, accom-
panied by a bill (S. No. 277) to provide for the
general introduction of a uniform national code
of marine signals; which was read, and passed to
a second reading. The report was ordered to bo
printed.
Mr. TOUCEY, from the Committee on the
Judiciary, to whom was referred the bill (S. No.
272) to provide for the punishment of certain
crimes therein mentioned, reported it without
amendment.
PAPERS WITHDRAWN.
On motion of Mr. WELLER, it was
Ordered, Tlial the memorial and papers of Mariano G.
Vallejo, on the files of the Senate, bo referred to the Court
of Claims.
BILL BECOME A LAW.
A message from the President of the tJnited
States, by Mr. Webster, his Secretary, an-
nounced that the President of the United States
had approved and signed on the 30th of April an
act to alter and amend " An act to establish a cir-
cuit court of the United States in and for the State
of California," approved March 3, 1855.
NICARACUAN AFFAIRS.
Mr. WELLER. I ask leave to submit the
following resolution:
Resolved, That the President of the United States l>e
requested, if not incompatible with the public interest, to
communicate to the Senate copies of all correspondence
between tins Government and our Minister at Nicaragua
not heretofore communicated.
I desire to remark, Mr. President, that I a«\ in
receipt of many letters from persons residing on
the Pacific coast who are anxious to know whether
I have been sustaining the Administration in the
policy adopted m regard to the Nicaragjan Gov-
ernment. I speak of that Government which is
now in existence. I desire to take this occasion,
here in my place, to say that 1 have no informa-
tion on this subject other than that which is pub-
lished in the newspapers of the day; and, upon
the facts thus presented, I have no hesitation in
saying that I do not approve of the course which
has been pursued. If, when Colonel French
came here and applied for the recognition of the
new Government, there was proof to sustain the
charges alleged against him in the public press
impeaching his integrity as a man, the Admin-
istration was justifiable in rejecting him; but it
ought to have been placed on personal grounds.
Our Minister in Nicaragua should have been in-
structed at once to say to that Government, " If
you will send some other person to whom there
were no personal objections he will be received."
Whether this has been done ornot I do notknow,
but I presume it has not.
Our usual practice has been, so soon as any of
the South or Central American States have revo-
lutionized and given evidence of their stability or
of their power and capacity to maintain the new
Government which they have thus constituted, to
recognize them. I need not say that this course
is peculiarly proper in regard to Central America.
These States are often convulsed by civil wars;
and revolution succeeds revolution in such rapid
succession, that any other course would be found
impracticable. The route from here to our Pa-
cific possessions was through Central Ameriea,
and this alone would compel UiS to suspend com-
munication with that coast, or recognize at onee
