1856.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
sonal objects to accomplish. I am animated by
the single desire that I may in some degree aid in
maintaining the-well-established principles of our
Government, in their original and American sig-
nification; in developing the material interests of
that portion of the continent we occupy, so far
as we may do within the limited and legitimate
powers conferred upon us; in enlarging and swell-
ing the capacity of our Government for beneficent
influences at home and abroad; and, above all, in
preserving intact and in perpetuity the priceless
privileges transmitted to us. 1 am of course aware
that I cannot hope of my own strength to be
equal to the perfect execution of the duties I now
assume. I am, therefore, as every man must be
who stands in such presence, a supplicant for
your cooperation and indulgence; and accepting
your honors with this declaration, I again offer
you my thanks.
At the request of the Clerk, the Hon. Joshua
R. Giddings, of Ohio, the oldest consecutive
member of the House, then administered to the
Speaker elect the oath to support the Constitution
of the United States.
VOTE OF THANKS TO THE CLERK.
Mr. STANTON. I have a resolution that I
desire to offer, which I know will meet with the
unanimous approbation of the House, and it
would spoil by delay. It is as follows:
Resolved, That the thanks of this House are eminently
due, and are lieieby tendered, to John W. Forney, Esq.,
for the distinguished ability, fidelity, and impartiality with
winch he has presided over the deliberations of the House
of Representatives during the arduous and protracted con-
test for Speaker which has just closed.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio. I sought the floor
to offer a similar resolution; and I hope that it
will be unanimously adopted.
The question was taken, and the resolution
was unanimously adopted.
Mr. RICHARDSON. I move that when the
House adjourns, it adjourn to meet on Wednes-
day next.
Mr. COBB, of Georgia. I hope the gentleman
from Illinois will not press that motion.
Mr. RICHARDSON. I withdraw it.
Mr. COBB. I move that the House do now
adjourn.
The motion was agreed to, and thereupon (at
five minutes to seven o'clock, p. m.) the House
adjourned until Monday, at twelve o'clock, m.
IN SENATE.
Monday, February 4, 1856.
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. Henry C. Dean.
The Journal of Thursday was read and ap-
proved.
SENATOR FROM ILLINOIS.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore presented a
communication from the Governor of Illinois, in
reference to the election by the Legislature of
that State of the Hon. Lyman Trumbull, as a
Senator in Congress. It brings to the notice of
the Senate the fact that, by the constitution of
Illinois, no judge of the supreme or circuitcourts
of the State could be eligible to any office of the
State or of the United States during the term for
which he was clccted judge, and for one year
thereafter. It certifies that Mr. Trumbull was, ,
on the 7th day of June, 1852, elected a justice of
the supreme court of Illinois, for the term of nine
years; and submits to the Senate, under these
circumstances, the question of the legality of his
election a's a Senator.
Mr. GEYER. I move that the communication
be referred to the Committee on the Judiciary.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Mr. President, I have no
objection whatever to the proposed reference of
this paper; but one fact is omitted from the state-
ment contained in it which I think it may be
proper enough to have distinctly stated. A paper
embracing a recital of the same facts contained in
this communication from the Governor of Illinois
has once before been presented and read before
the Senate, and I then took occasion to remark
that the person presenting and reiterating the'se
statements seems not to have been aware of the
fact that I ceased to be a judge more than a year
and a half before my election to the Senate. I
state that fact again. The Governor seems to
have pretermitted that in his statement. I resigned
the office of judge; an election was called by
virtue of a proclamation from the Governor of the
State, who signs this paper; and a successor was
chosen more than eighteen months before my
election to the Senate. I make these remarks
merely that that fact may be known. Of course,
the paper will go, with those before presented, to
the Committee on the Judiciary.
Mr. SEWARD. I desire to know whether,
there is any necessity for referring this document,
or whether in any part of the house any such
opinion is entertained as that any State of this
Union has power to fix or define by its constitu-
tion the qualifications for Senators in the Congress
of the United States ? Such an eff ort as that was
made in the former constitution of the State of
New York, which disqualified any member of the
Legislature of that State from holding any office
in the ^ift of the Legislature during the term for
which he was elected. Notwithstanding that pro-
vision, the Hon. Nathaniel P. Tallmadge, a mem-
ber of the Senate at the time, and while he was
still holding his seat as a Senator in the Legisla-
ture of the State of New York, was elected to the
Senate of the United States by the Legislature,
was sent here, and served the full term of office.
Upon this subject I suppose there is an entire
agreement of opinion everywhere, that the Con-
stitution of the United States is the supreme law
in regard to the qualifications of Senators.
Mr. MASON. Mr. President, the Senator from
New York may be right in his construction of
the law governing this case. I do not mean to
express any opinion upon it myself; but I would
respectfully submit to him and to the Senate, that
when a communication is received from a State,
through its proper organ, the Governor, inform-
ing the Senate of what he considers some infor-
mality or illegality in the election of one of the
Senators of that State, respect to the occasion,
as well as to the State, would require that wo
should examine it. I hope, therefore, it will be
referred as proposed.
Mr. SEWARD. I agree to that.
The communication was referred to the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary.
THE NAVAL RETIRING BOARD.
Mr. FISH. I am requested to present the me-
morial of Washington Allon Bartlett, late a lieu-
tenant in the Navy, who has been dropped from
the rolls in consequence of the action of the late
naval board, complaining of its action, setting
forth a large amount of service, and praying that
he may be heard in his defense, and that he may
be restored to his former position in the Navy.
I move that it be referred to the Committee on
Naval Affairs.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. TOOMBS. I desire to present the peti-
tion of Lieutenant William B. Fitzgerald, of the
United States Navy, who has been placed on the
reserved list by the action of the late naval board,
praying for relief. The petitioner states that he
has been in the naval service of the country for
seventeen years, fifteen of which have been spent
in active service. He has been connected with
most of the important naval operations since he
has been in the Navy, both in Mexico and the
East Indies. He considers himself efficient in
every respect for the performance of his duties,
and is at a loss to conceive for what cause he has
been removed from the active list. I move to
refer the petition to the Committee on Naval
Affairs.
While I am on the floor, with the permission
of the Senate, I wish to state my dissent from the
principles laid down on a former occasion by the
Senator from Delaware [Mr. Clayton] and the
Senator from Louisiana, [Mr. Benjamin,] as to
what can be done with reference to this class of
cases. It seems to bo admitted on all hands that
wrong and injustice have been done to many of-
ficers of the INTavy. We are told, however, that,
admitting this to be the fact, these parties are
remediless in the premises, and that inasmuch as
the act establishing the naval board has already
been executed, there is no way in which we can
give relief. I totally dissent from that proposi-
tion. Even if it were true that the act has been
executed, I should be reluctant to assent to it;
but I hold that this was an act giving special juris-
diction to this board, and that any excess of that \
jurisdiction made its proceedings utterly void.
The Senators to whom I have referred attempt
to exclude these parties fiom relief on legal
grounds. Putting it on the strictest principles of
law, I think the position which they assume is
untenable. Every tribunal of hmitedjurisdiction
must show, upon the face of its proceedings, that
it did not exceed that jurisdiction. This, upon
legal principles, is absolutely necessary to the
validity of its proceedings, whenever and where
ever they may be called in question.
This being a court of special and limited juris-
diction, it became important they should have
kept a record, and that record should have shown
that each case on which they acted was within
the operation of the law. That law authorized
this tribunal, a naval board, to act upon such
cases as were not contemplated to be within the
jurisdiction of a court-martial—the cases of per-
sons who were incompetent to perform their
duties at sea and on shore. It was necessary to
the very execution of the act that in every case
taken up and decided upon, the board should
have kept a journal stating all the evidence, in
order that it might have been apparent upon the
proceedings of the board that it acted within its
jurisdiction. It will not be pretended that under
the law they could strike a man from the rolls for
whatever cause they thought proper. Their de-
cision could not for a moment nave been held
binding upon any portion of this Government, if
they had excluded a man on the ground that he
was a slaveholder or a frce-soilcr. They were
to confine themselves to the question of his capa-
city to perform his duties on shore and at sea. If
they went beyond that, their proceedings were
null and void.
Then, sir, as it became important that their
proceedings under this act should show that they
had not exceeded their jurisdiction, those pro-
ceedings became void by not showing it. This
exhibition of jurisdiction became exceedingly im-
portant, because a revisory tribunal was provided
by the act itself—the Secretary of the Navy and
the President, who were to supervise the action
of the board. How could these two officers 3o
this, unless they knew the ground on which the
board acted in each particular case? Independ-
ent of the great common law principle of juris-
diction which I have stated, a record was imper-
atively necessary, in order that the law might be
properly executed; for how could the Secretary
of ttop. Navy and the President revise their acts
unless they knew the reasons for their action?
The board have not done this.
My friend from Louisiana has admitted that
the Secretary of the Navy made a mistake. By
that admission the whole question is surrendered.
His instructions to the board gave, or presumed
to give to them, an authority which the law did
not confer. His adopting their proceedings as a
whole, with the admission that their finding in
some cases was wrong, was fatal to the whole
action of the board.
Mr. MALLORY. If the Senator will allow
rfte, I wish to state that the Secretary of the Navy,
in nothing that he has communicated to Congress,
has ever acknowledged that any officer was im-
properly removed from the active list, or that any
injustice was done in that respect. The utmost
he docs admit is, that there may have been errors
in the classification of officers, as between the
furlough ed and the retired list.
Mr. TOOMBS. I did not state what was the
admission of the Secretary of the Navy. I stated
that my friend from Louisiana, [Mr. Benjamin,]
as I understood him, admitted that the Secretary
and the President had made mistakes in the execu-
tion of the law.
Mr. MALLORY. I understood my friend to
say it was admitted on all sides that injustice had
been done.
Mr. TOOMBS. I think it is; I think it is
admitted in the report of the Secretary of the Navy
himself. I have not that report before me, but
my impression is, that in it he arrived at the con-
clusion that inasmuch as he had caught a great
many bad cases, he had better catch the good ones
with them. It struck me that this conclusion was
very much like this: ten cases are presented for
execution; seven of these are guilty, and three
innocent; but upon the whole ho considers it best
to cut off the heads of the wIioIq ten, in order to
get rid of the seven who are guilty ! That seems
to me to be the decision of the Secretary of the
Navy on this question.
Sir, it became, as i have said, important to the
