1856.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
333.,;
.34th Cong.... 1st Sess.
Naval Retiring Board—Mr. Bell, of Tennetsee..
Senate.
Mr. HOUSTON. Then it is a mere mistake
about a book.
• Mr. CLAYTON. But it is a great mistake
about a book. The Senator made a great mistake
about this book as well as about many other
things. _
Mr. HOUSTON. I was referring to a book
which had been introduced into the debate by the
Senator from Delaware.
Mr. CLAYTON. I will correct the Senator
again. I will put him right if he will have pa-
tience for a moment. I sav again, the book of
which I spoke was written by Captain Du Pont
on the subject of the national defense. That was
not the book to which the Senator referred. He
alluded to the rules and regulations of the Navy.
Mr. HOUSTON. I had never heard of Mr.
Du Pont having written a book, or with his
having had anything to do with book making, j
until the fact was introduced by the Senator from
Delaware; and, of course, all that I said about
his book, must have had reference to the book
alluded to in the former remarks of the Senator
from Delaware. Moreover, I was furnished with
a statement which I recited here, and of which I
now have the manuscript containing the facts, in
regard to the bookof rules and regulations which
has been alluded to. I supposed the manuscript,
with which I was furnished, to be authentic, and
I used it as such. If I had been apprised that
there waa any error in it, no one would be more ,
ready to retract an erroneous statement than '
myself. I do not wish to cast the slightest im-
putation on any gentleman unjustly. I will
assail him only on facts which are authentic. If
I have done this individual wrong, I will do him
justice in my reply to the Senator from Delaware.
Mr. CLAYTON. Let the Senator turn to his j
own speech and acknowledge the error; let him [
acknowledge that there is not a word of truth in ;
the whole statement, which has been imposed
on him by some unprincipled enemy of Du Pont.
The Senator himself was, I have no doubt, im-
fosed upon, as he has himself stated. He is, I
ave no doubt, incapable of making such a willful
misrepresentation. But while I accept his dis-
claimer of it, what are we to think of the man
who, as he says, furnished him with such a
statement as this, of which he now has the manu-
script ?
Such are the sources of information upon
which the honorable Senator relies to strike down
the characters of the best officers in our Navy.
Mr. President, I regretted the tone and feeling
in which the honorable Senator indulged, through-
out his whole speech. It gave me, as one of the
elder members of the Senate, pain to listen to such
a strain of personal invective. It may have been
well adapted to the feelings and wishes of some
of those who fancy they or their friends have been
injured by the decisions of the naval board, but
it was eminently calculated to make the judicious
grieve. The chairman of the Naval Committee
[Mr. Mallory] observed that there was in the
galleries a prearranged audience to hear the hon-
orable Senator; and some exhibitions of gratifica-
tion in that quarter seemed to indicate the presence
of not a few of those who have been unpleasantly
affected by the report of the board. When the
Senator produced the extract from the private
letter to Thorburn, he was so transported that he
gave us a long, loud whistle. I have been curious
to see how that whistle is reported, and I find it
is, very properly as I suppose, represented by the
reporter as " like a boatswain's whistle when he
pipes all hands to grog." It electrified the gal-
leries ; it astounded the Senate.
Mr. HOUSTON. I hope the gentleman will
permit me to state that I made but very few cor-
rections in the report of the speech. The correc-
tions made by me were immaterial. The report
was so perfect that I had no occasion to alter it.
My corrections were very few verbal ones.
Mr. CLAYTON. I made no allusion to any
corrections; but it is a pity the gentleman did
not correct a great deal of it. Now, sir, we will
see how the whistle is reported. In the printed
speech before me the Senator quotes from Du
Pont's private letter to Thorburn one sentence,
and then follows the report of the whistle:
" I candidly confess some disappointment at this, perhaps
a little the more as the Cjane had been load in trumpeting
the very clever doings at Guaymas of the Southampton,
and would have been pleased with even a flrint whittle in
return."
[" Ji thrill and lengthened whistle, such ma a boatswain
gives when he pipes all hands to quarters, or to grog, was the
Senator's illustration of the passage which he read, and it
astonished mid amused the crowded galleries.] [Laughter."]
There, I believe, is a correct report of the
whistle. It was a magnificent whistle! I heard it;
it astonished—amazed me! When I heard it, I
was quite prepared to see the honorable Senator,
my old friend from Texas, come down into the
vacant area before the chair, and shuffle a horn-
pipe of his own improvisation. I did not know,
I what he would do next. I confess I felt some-
what as the sailor said he did who went to a pup-
! pet show, and when a keg of gunpowder exploded
in some part of the building, ana blew him out of
the window, cried out, " I wonder what the man
will do next!" [Laughter.]
I think you, Mr. President, will agree with me,
there was something too much of this for the dig-
nity of the Senate of the United States, supposed,
heretofore, to be the gravest and most intellec-
tual body of legislators in the world; and I beg
leave further most respectfully to submit to the
honorable Senator from Texas, that, exempted as
we are by the Constitution from responsibility for
any attacks which wc may make on defenseless
men outside of the Chamber, it does not become
us here to make assaults upon those who have
no power to reply, or to do themselves justice in
case they are wronged. Of all men in the world
Senators of the United States should be most
scrupulously careful of what they say, in regard
to officers in the Army and Navy of the United
States, whose position, when their acts are ques-
tioned in such a place as the Senate Chamber, is
not only delicate but peculiar. Honor is dear to
all men, but to men in -their position it is the
breath of their nostrils. Take that from them, and
life is not worth preserving. The reputation of
a naval or army officer is, in some respects, like
that of a female—it may be tarnished by the
breath of suspicion, and it is difficult ever agdin
to restore it to its original brightness.
It should be regarded as the duty of a Senator
of the United States, unless.when impelled by a
stern sense of public duty to do otherwise, to
protect these guardians of his country's honor; to
applaud them for their valorous deeds; to defend
them on every occasion when it can be justly
done; and to teach others by example to respect
and honor these their protectors and defenders.
Painful was the spectacle of a Senator of the
United States studiously laboring through a whole
day to find matter to ridicule and blacken the
reputation of men whose fame has always stood
untainted by the breath of calumny, and endeared
to the whole country by lives of faithful and
gallant service. If the Senator took pleasure in
it, I have only to say to him, that at least I hope
I may never be present to witness on this floor
such a spectacle again.
Mr. BELL, of Tennessee. Mr. President, I
hope I shall be excused, under the circumstances
of the present case, if I ask the attention of the
Senate to a few remarks in reply to some portion
of the observations made by the Senator from
Delaware, [Mr. Clayton.] The Senator con-
cluded his remarks with the enunciation of a
noble sentiment. He has compared the feelings
and susceptibilities touching the character of a
naval or military officer with those delicate sen-
sibilities which cluster around the female character.
How inconsistent with the tenor of other portions
of the Senator's remarks was that enunciation!
He has made a forcible and eloquent appeal in
behalf of the naval board, and particularly in
behalf of his friend, Captain Du Pont. How very
different the spirit which actuated those remarks
from that by which he seemed to be guided in
reference to other points!
Sir, I bestowed much consideration upon and
carefully investigated the questions which have
arisen out of the action of the last Congress to
promote the efficiency of the Navy. After full
consideration, I came to the conclusion that it was
proper for me to sustain the board, as far as pos-
sible, consistently with the Constitution and the
true policy of this country, in all thatitdid which
was calculated to promote the public interest and
the public service.-. I indorsed, in the Senate,
the cnaracter, the honor, and the integrity of the .
gentlemen who were members of the naval board,
as farjas it was possibly for me to do so without ■ >
a personal acquaintance with them. I conceded
that they were actuated by motives of regard for
the public interest. I finally brought my mind to
the conclusion that it was my duty to sustain the
action of the Secretary of the Navy and of the
President of the United States, in. the sanction •
which they gave to its proceedings. At the same
time that I was willing to concede the highest
honor and integrity to the members of the naval
board, I was of opinion, according to the results
of all experience in the decisions of human tri-
bunals, that they had made' mistakes in some
cases, and I was disposed to correct those mis-
takes in such a manner as should not interfere
with, or thwart, or defeat the great object of
public policy designed by the passage of the law
in question.
, This sentiment I announced distinctly to the
Senate, on a former occasion. Now, I must say,
that if I am to regard the sentiments, the feelings,
the opinions—I will not say the prejudices—
which have been announced, by the honorable
Senator to-day, as expressive of the true feelings
of the naval board, or of the Secretary of the
Navy, or of the President of the United States, I
can no longer feel any self-respect in the main-
tenance. of their integrity, or the purity of the
principles which actuated them in coming to the
decision at which they arrived, and in making
the report which they transmitted to the Secretary
of the Navv, in conformity with the provisions of
the law. I can always sympathise with the elo-
quent expression of true manly feeling, in behalf
of a friend, and when I knew that the Senator
from Delaware was speaking in behalf of a par-
ticular friend, I could admire, and applaud, and
sustain many of the sentiments which he ad-
vanced; but, at the same time, I must say, that
in the commencement of his address he, tarnished
the laurels which he might otherwise be said to
have well earned. Perhaps the honorable Sen-
ator does not know that I presented to the Senate
the memorial of Lieutenant Maury. He shakes
his head, as much as to say he did not' know it.
Mr. CLAYTON. I never inquired.
Mr. BELL, of Tennessee. No, sir, it was a
matter of too little consideration. At the time
when I presented his memorial, I took occasion
to state mysentiments in regard to the naval
board, and I then stated that I' regarded their «
character for integrity as impregnable. No, sir;
the honorable Senator never inquired as to who
presented the memorial.-of Lieutenant Maury!
He never knew that he was appointed a midship-
man from the State of Tennessee. The people
of Tennessee are entirely too far removed in local
position from the sphere of the honorable Sena-
tor's observation. He did not know that Maury
came from the State of Tennessee. He did not
know that the Legislature of Tennessee—so in-
considerable a member of this Union in compari-
son with Delaware—had interfered on this ques-
tion by a strong, determined, and decided ex-
pression on the subject! The people of that State,
always patriotic, as I hope they will ever continue
to be, na matter how inconsiderable they may be
in the estimation of any part of the Union, have, .
through their representatives, expressed their
views of this law, and of the action under it, par-
ticularly in regard to Lieutenant Maury's case. «
The honorable Senator from Delaware had no
knowledge of these circumstances. His atten-
tion was directed exclusively to my friend from
Texas, [Mr. Houston,] and therefore, I suppose,
he thinks I should discard any feeling of opposi-
tion or questionable criticism on his course in re-
lation to Lieutenant Maury.
As I have stated, I expressed on a former oc- .,
casion to the Senate my opinion, formed after
due consideration, in favor of sustaining, in the
main, the action of the naval board. I stated
that I had a high estimate of the honor, the in-
tegrity, and the pure intentions of its members.
Not among the least of them in whom 1 reposed
confidence, and to whom I imputed the character
qf a promising and able officer of high reputation
as a man of science, was the gentleman whom
the Senator from Delaware has taken upon him.
