1944
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
August 6,
soft, Pugh, Sebastian, Seward, Trumbull, Wade, Wilson,
and Wright—18.
NAYS—Messrs. Bisgs, Bright, Brown, Butler, Douglas,
Fitzpatrick, Mallory, Keid, Stuart, Thompson of Kentucky,
Welier, and Yuleo -12.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. There is no
quorum voting; there being—yeas 18, nays 12.
Mr. BUTLER. I move that the Senate ad-
journ.
The motion was not agreed to.
Mr. BUTLER. If there is no quorum, how
can you do business ?
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Senate
can send for absent Senators.
Mr. WELLER. We are involved in this dif-
ficulty every day about five o'clock, and find it
impossible to get a quorum here to vote. 1 do
not see how it is possible to dispose of all these
bills. I understand there are fifteen or twenty
undisposed of.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Twelve or
fourteen.
Mr. WELLER. I should like to make a mo-
tion, if there were a quorum here; that is, here-
after the Senate meet at eleven o'clock. We have
gotten through, of late, all the committee business.
There are very few committees called together,
and I ask the consent of the Senate to make ail
order now that the Senate hereafter meet at eleven
o'clock.
Mr. BUTLER. There is no quorum present.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It cannot be
done without a quorum.
Mr. WELLER. It requires unanimous con-
sent.
Mr. BUTLER. There is no quorum to give
consent.
Mr. WELLER. There is a motion I can make,
and that I propose making; which is, Unit the
Senate adjourn.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate
adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Wednesday, August 6, 1856.
The House met at eleven o'clock, a. m.
The SPEAKER said that, no quorum being
present, if there was no objection the Journal of
yesterday would be read.
' • CALL OP THE HOUSE.
Mr. LETCHER. I object, and move that
there be a call of the House.
The motion was agreed to.
The roll was accordingly called, and the follow-
ing named members failed to answer to their
names:
Messrs. Ball, Barclay, Barksd.ile, Bell, II end Icy H. Ben-
nett, Bingham, tiooork, Uoyce, Branch, Brooks, Burlm-
gaute, CiuUts, Bayuul Clarke, llowell Cobb, Covode, Orauje,
Cullen, Timothy I).m>, Day, I)envt:r, Do Witt, Dickson,
JDowdelJ, flurfoe, Kdio, Elliott, Euslis, Evans, Faulkner,
Florence, Henry M. Fuller, Thomas J D. Fuilei, Giow,
Augustus Hall) Robert B. Hull, Sampson VV. Harris, Thomas
L. Harris, Harrison, Herbert, Howard, J. Clancy Jones,
Kelly, Kennett, Ridwell, Kunkcl,Lindl«y, Mace, Alexan-
der K. Marshall, MeCarty, McMulhu, McQueen, MiUson,
MUlward,Moore, (>rr, Packer, Paine, Pearce, Pelton, Pottit,
Porter, Powell, lUcaud, Roberts, Kust, Sage, fejanclidgc,
Savage, &cott,bevvurd, Shoitcr, Samuel A. Smith, William
K. Smith, Stephens, Stranahan, Talbott, Taylor, Vail,
Wakeman, Walker, Warner, Watson, Welch, Wells,
Wheeler, and Wmblow.
One hundred and forty members having an-
swered to their names, further proceedings under
the call were, hy unanimous consent, dispensed
with; and the Journal of yesterday was then read
and approved.
ENROLLED DILL.
Mr. DAVIDSON, from the Committee on En-
rolled Bills, reported that they had examined and
found truly enrolled a bill of the following title:
An act to provide for carrying into effect the
first article of the treaty between the United
States and her Majesty the Q,ueen of the United
Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, of the
15th day of June, 1846;
When the Speaker signed the same.
LAWRENCE M. KEITT SWORN XN.
Mr. OUR. I rise to a question of privilege.
Lawrence M. Keitt, member elect from the
State of South Carolina to fill a vacancy created
by his own resignation, is present, and is ready
to be sworn in.
Mr. KEirx then advanced to the Speaker's
desk, and took the required oath to support the
Constitution of the United States.
MESSAGE FROM THE PRESIDENT.
A message, in writing, was received from the
President of the United States, by Sidney Web-
ster, his Private Secretary.
ARSENAL AT MOUNT VERNON.
Mr. WHITNEY, by unanimous consent, and
in pursuance of previous notice, introduced a bill
to provide for the purchase of a site for an arsenal
at Mount Vernon, in the State of Virginia;
which was read a first and second time, and re-
ferred to the Committee on Military Affairs.
Mr. PENNINGTON. I rise to a privileged
question. I move to reconsider the vote by which,
on yesterday, the Washington Gas-Light Compa-
ny bill was passd.
The SPEAKER. Upon the Journal of the
House the order stands as having been reconsid-
ered, and therefore the motion is out of order.
Mr. BENNETT, of New York, obtained the
floor. *
Mr. COX. I ask the gentleman from New York
to give way to allow me to ask the consent of the
House to present a memorial for the purpose of
reference, and that it may be printed. I think
there can be no objection. It is a memorial of
the committee appointed by the stockholders of
the Lexington and Big Sandy railroad, in the State
of Kentucky, asking a donation of public lands
to aid the completion of said road.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio. I call for the
regular order of business.
Tin" SPEAKER. The memorial can be pre-
sented under the rules.
Mr. COX. J understand that I have permis-
sion to pn-Kent it in tin4 llouse.
The SPEAKER. The regular order of busi-
ng ■; is calk-d fur.
Mr. NORTON. I ask the unanimous consent
of tin: T1 ousc to report from the Committee on the
Post Oilice. and Post Roads a bill to provide for
the purchase of sites, and the erection of build-
ings at Springfield, Illinois; at Columbia, South
Carolina; and at Madison, Wisconsin, for post
offices, and for the use of the circuit and district
courts.
Objection was made.
REPORT PROM COMMITTEE.
Mr. THOR1NGTON, from the Committee on
Public Lands, reported a bill making grants of
lands to the Territories of Nebraska,"Minnesota,
and Kansas in alternate sections, to aid in the
construction of railroads in said Territories, and
their connections with other contemplated rail-
roads; which was read a first and second time,
referred to the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union, arid ordered to be printed.
Mr. COBB, of Alabama, moved to reconsider
the vote by which the bill was referred, and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid upon
the table; which latter motion was agreed to.
GRANT OF LANDS TO MISSISSIPPI.
Mr. BENNETT, of New York. I am in-
structed by the Committee on Public, Lands to
report a bill granting public lands, in alternate
sections, to the State of Mississippi, to aid in the
construction of railroads in that State. 1 desire
to say to the House, that Mississippi is the only
land "State to which a grant of land has not been
made for railroad purposes. This bill is in the
same form as other bills which have been passed
this session for similar purposes, and it takes a
less amount of land than any of those bills.
The bill was read a first and second time.
Mr. BENNETT. I move the previous ques-
tion.
Mr. McMULLIN. I would like to inquire of
the gentleman from New York what amount of
land is included in this bill ?
Mr. BENNETT. Less than two millions of
acres— less than has been given to any other
State.
Mr. &UITMAN. Mr. Speaker, in reply to
the inquiry of the gentleman from Virginia, [Mr.
McMujllin,] I will state that, although the bill
contains similar provisions to those which have
already passed this House, yet in its practical
operation it will give a less quantity of land to
the railroads embraced therein. I will add, for
the information of the House, that a large extent
of the line of the first two roads named in this
bill, and almost the entire line of that from Mobile
to New Orleans, runs through a sandy pine woods
country, the greater portion of which is chiefly
valuable for the pine timber which grows upon
it. Much of it, consequently, will be of no value
without those facilities to convey that timber to
mar"ket. This land has been for many years in
market, without finding purchasers. From Tny
knowledge of this section of country, I have not
a doubt that the grant of the aid contemplated by
this bill will actually benefit the United States
pecuniarily, by causing a demand for the lands
remaining in the United States, for the timber
thereon, and for healthy summer retreats from
the cities of New Orleans and Mobile.
Mr. CUMBACXi. I move to lay the bill upon
the table.
Mr. MORGAN. Upon that motion I demand
the yeas and nays.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I wish to make a
motion, which I think is in order. I move that
the rules be suspended, and that the House re-
solve itself into the Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union.
Mr. LETCHER called for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I hope the gentleman from
Virginia will withdraw the call for the yeas and
nays. I understand that this business c|n be
disposed of in less time than it will take to call
the yeas aiid nays.
Mr, LETCHER. I have no doubt that any
land bill can be disposed of in less time than we
can do anything else.
The question was taken; and it was decidedin
the negative—yeas 60, nays 109; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Aiken, Albright, Allison, Barbour, Bliss,
Bocock, Biadshaw, Ilianeh, Burnett, Oadwalader, Jamea
II. Campbell, Lewis P. Campbell, dawson, Colfax, Craw-
ford, Cumback, Dick, Dodd, Durlee, Eitnie, Faulkner,
Flagler, Ciddings, Goode, fiiow, Harlan, Hickman, Hollo-
way, Houston, George W. Jones, J. Glaney Jones, Knapp,
Letcher, Lumpkin, Meacham, Million, Morgan, Morrill,
Mott, Munay, Nioliol^, Perry, Purviance, Ready, Roberts,
ItulHn, Sapp, Savage, William Small, Spinner, Stanton,
Swope, Tappan, Thuiston, Tyson, Wade, Warner, Israel
Washburn, Winslow, and John V. Wright—60.
NAYS—Messrs. Barksdale, Henry JLfennett, Hendley S.
Bennett, Benson, Billm^hurbt, Bit-hop, Bowie, Brenton,
Broom, Bullinton, John P. Campbell, Caruthers, Chaffee,
E^ia Cl.uk. Clmgman, Williamson R. W. Cobb, Connns,
Cox, Damrell, Davidson, Ileniy Winter Davis, Timothy
Davis, Bean, Denver, Dowdell, Dunn, Edwards, Elliott,
Englu-.li, fttheridge, Cvans, Gzeenwood, J. Morrison Harris,
Thomas L. ilairis, Jlamson, Haven, Herbert, Hoffman,
Thomas II. Ilorton, Valentine B. Ilorton, Howard, Ilugh-
ston, Keitt, Kelly, Kelsey, Kennett, King, Knight, Kmnvl-
ton, Knox, Lake, Leiter, Lmdley, Mace, Humphrey Mar-
shall, Matteson, Maxwell, McCartv, McMulIin, Kilhan
Miller, Smith Miller, Millward, Norton, Andrew Oliver,
Orr, Parker, Peck, Pelton, Pettit, Phelps, Pike, Porter,
Prmgle, I'm year, tiuitman, lleade, Ilieiiardson, Ritchie,
Riveia, Robison, Sabin, Sandidge, Seward, Sherman,
Shorter, Simm"ns, William R. Smith, Sneed, Stewart,
Stranaltan, Taylor, Thorington, Todd, Tration, Tnppe,
Undeiwood, \alk, Wakeman, Walbridge, Walker, Elliliu
B. Washbuine, Watkins, Welch, Williams, Wood, Wood-
ruff, Woodworth, Dame) B. Wright, and Zollicoffer—109.
So the motion was disagreed to.
The question recurred on Mr. Cumback's mo-
tion to lay the Mississippi railroad bill on the
table.
Mr. CUMBACK. As 1 have no doubt that
we shall have the yeas and nays on the passage
of the bill, 1 withdraw the motion to lay on the
table.
Mr. MORGAN. I renew it.
The question was taken; and the House re-
fused to lay the bill on the table.
The question recurred on ordering the bill to
be engrossed and read a third time.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered.
Mr. JONES. Has the bill ever been printed?
The SPEAKER. It has not been printed.
Mr. JONES. Has it ever been read in the
House ?
The SPEAKER. It will be read at the request
of the gentleman from Tennessee.
The bill was read in extenso.
The bill was then ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time; and being engrossed, it was
read the third time,
Mr. BENNETT, of New York, moved the
previous question on the passage of the bill.
The previous question was seconded; and the
main question ordered.
Mr. MORGAN called for the yeas and nays on
the passage of the bill.
