1070
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
May 1,
the existing Government. We have now to pass
through Nicaragua or Panama to reach the State
from whence I come. Although it might be against
the trueimerestsof thisGovernment to acquire or
annex Central America at present, yet we are in-
terested, and deeply interested, in having a stable
and fixed government on that part of the conti-
nent. You will have no stability in any of the
Central American States until you have infused a
large amount of North American blood into their
veins. The true policy, then, would have been to
encourage rather than discouiage emigration to
Nicaragua. I do not ask that your neutrality laws
or treaties should be violated. These I would have
at all times maintained in good faith; but [ do not
approve the means which have been adopted to
prevent our countrymen from emigrating to that
country. The proceedings in New York to arrest
persons going to San Juan del Norte were, in my
opinion, notonlyunnecessary, but wholly unjusti-
fiable—proceedings which neither existing laws,
public treaties, nor good faith required, and which
sound policy forbids. However devoted 1 may be
to the principles which have generally governed
the present Administration, it is due to my own
honor to declare that these acts to which 1 have
alluded do not receive my sanction.
A state of war is now existing between Costa
Rica and Nicaragua. The army of the former
has invaded the territory of the latter, although
no war has been declared. Because North Amer-
icans aided m bringing the present Government
into power, and because an American is at the
head of the army, and some of ins countrymen
enlisted under his banner, Cosra Rica only de-
clares war against thorn. The people of Nica-
ragua are now united, and their dissensions no
longer exist. They have a President, a native
of their own country, selected by them, at the
head of the Government. Some of these North
Americans are now in her army, and General
"Walker is the commander-in-chief. Is Costa
Rica to proscribe Americans from entering into
the service of other States > Is she to dictate the
biiih-phtce of the man who shall be placed at the
head of her army ? 1 have m my hands a decree,
or proclamation, r^ued by thegenoral command-
ing the invading force from Costa Rica, to which
I invite [lie attention of the Senate.
John It. Mora. President of the P^pubh: of Costu Rica,
Gcnnul ui-Clucf of the Jh'.mj of Niea-i ugtta:
All the filiil.iHtei-taken with nnn-i in hand will lie sub-
ject to all the h ioi of the law, which is d< ath ; but ail the
filhbiibtei i who have not inert th^ir aun< again-a this Re-
public, ami p,ivo up, out of fiee will, then anus and persons
to otiieeiN of the C'o-t.i Rica aimy, shall ! -• pinioned.
« JOHN 11. MORA
IIafai-i, S. E-cai.an'it,
iUih Secretc.i j of Department of U\n .
I jiaftsed through that country for the third
time in ItOI: a civil war was then raging. A
part of the Nicaraguans, by many supposed to
be a n'n'jouty, were arrayed against the existing
Government. The "Democratic party," so
called, avowed liberal pnnciplcs, and wanted a
Government similar in us constitution and laws
to ours. Proclamations signed by their leader
were ported along the San 3uan river and on
Virgin Hay, inviting North Ameiicans to join
his standard. Under these invitations General
Walker and others residing on the Pacific went
theic and ventured their destinies with the revo-
lutionary party. They succeeded; the old Gov-
ernment was destroyed, and a new and far more
liberal one established. The Government at once
offered large grants of lands, &o., to induce our
people to emigiaie. Costa Rica now wages a
war of extermination against thef-e countrymen
of ours. Her chief declares they shall he shot if
they are taken prisoners, and some of them have
already been executed. Are we to .stand still and
see our people denied the lights of prisoners of
war, and shot down by a brutal soldiery ? Is not
this such a violation of the law of nations as to
demand immediate redress?
I intimated some time since that on a suitable
occasion I would reply to the charges madem the
Senate against General Walker. The protracted
illness of the, Senator from Delaware [Mr. Clay-
ton] has prevented me from doing so; and I only
propose now to say a few words by way of pre-
lacing a letter received this morning. It is from
General Walker. It presents some facts and
some points which ought to attract the attention
of the Senate. But you must allow me to say
before I read, that there is no man whose char-
acter has been more shamefully misrepresented
in this country than General "Walker. I have
known him for several years on the Pacific coast
as a quiet, unobtrusive, and intelligent gentleman
of uncommon energ)' and decided charactcr. His
integrity—his honor was never impeached in any
quarter. After being invited, he went to Nicara-
gua, not as a 4' freebooter;" he did not go therefor
plunder. He neither coveted their lands nor their
money, for no one has less of the sordid feeling
than General Walker. He was actuated by a high
and honorable ambition—a patriotic desire to aid
in establishing free institutions m Nicaragua, and
ultimately confederate, in a peaceable manner, the
Central American States into one great republic.
This was his ambition—this the object which he
sought to accomplish. Many gentlemen of the
highest character residing on the Pacific, actuated
by the same motives, rallied under his banner.
It is a great mistake to suppose that these men
are desperadoes and freebooters '
But, sir, I will read the letter—
Granapa, Jlpt il 15,185G.
My dear Sir: By the la>t pappi^ ftom New Yoik, T
learn that, when I was denounced in the Senate for the
conduct Nieaiagua !ia? pursued towatda the Tiansit Com-
pany, you woio f->o gciscjom a-* to undcitake to deiend mc
iiom the a-pei>iojib"ot'nien utteilv jgnoiantof mycharacter.
In consequence of this. I take the liberty of writing some
lads in leldtion to all.nis hero ; and thc^e iact3 will, I think,
prove not umnvonant to the Co\ei-nment of the United
States.
You have doubtle^? learned, hom the newspapers, how
pacific was lite pokey Ntcatn^ua piopo-*cd to pursue towai ds
the oinei Urates of Ceuual Ameiiea. Notwithstanding
all oui oveitiuoo of peace, die neighboring Governments
showed themselves, if not pobiuvejy^ at lea->t negatively,
homio to the actual admini.nation ot Nicaragua. It was
constantly asserted, not only hoie, but thioughout Central
Aineucu/tliat the States vveie stimulated to' this conduct
by Ensl.rh and Fiench agents. Hut it war. not until the
couo^pondcnee ot the Consul Gcueial of Co>ta Rica in
London was mtcicepted by mo a low weeks ago, that
positive evidence was aiio'ded ot the active <-vmpathy the
llnu-h Government manuc-ts foi tho.?a who oppose the
Animenns in N'u-aiagiia. The cone^potidence s>liow> that
England is fin nulling arms to our enemies; and, at th?
same lime, the whole Bntivh Wc^t India squadron ;-i sent
to Snn .Itian del SVoife, in oidei Unit the moial weight of
tiie E;iali:') Government may he tin own into the scale
against out H 'public. I do not know how these laets may
appeal to people of the United Suite-!, bin to me they s-ecm
dueetlv ai vanancc \s idi Arnenean punciples and Amcncau
liiteie't''.
Tlie^e luets ye patent to all, and their signification is
apparent to the mo-i >upetflei.U ob«,eivei Tlieie are othei
cueumstanees eo'ineeted wi!!i the p> e>ent war waging in
tins State and in Co-aa Uiea, wlneh may requne mterpieta-
tion in oidvr to make tiien importance felt.
Tiie Government of CoM.i Jlica has never yet declared
war against the Govcmment of Nieaiagua, jet it has in-
vaded our tcuitoi ies, and has umidered American citizen^
who have never forfeited .he piotectiou of the Umtcd Stale?
Govetnment. This luu> been done under cover of a deciee
issued by the Picsidcntot Co^taJuica, deflating war against
the Ae.ieucan loucs in the seiviee of Ntcaiar^ua. To
declaie wai agam-t the Arnet leans in the service of Nie- |
aiagua. aiid not against Nicaragua heiself, is to deny in the i
mo -t po-mvo and olTe.iMve niannei the light, of Amen cans j
to engage m the seme* of a ioreuru State .Vot only ha- the i
deeiai.mon of wai be,-,n made m tins oflon-Mve and un- I
heaul ot manuei. imt anothei deciee has been published 1
oideungail Amcnran pm-onera of wai , taken by the Costa i
lliea iOiee^, to be slioi. This i-s to deny to Ameneans !
enga-jed m a foieisn seivice the common lights to which '
soldici* aie entitled by the laws of war. Such decrees as
tho-e 1 h«' vo mentioned not oniv thtow ( o«ta Riea, a« I
conceive, beyond the pale of civilized nations, but they
directly alfcct the honoi and diiiimy of the United State?..
'J'hcy attempt to connol the Ameucan people, and keep
them wiihm a limit which the Arnenean Gov."i nm^nt has
ncvei pieseiibed. Costa Uiea says Americans sjiail not
omiguue to Nieaiagua and take aims m hei seiviee. It
rem um? to be s*cen wheuior Uie can t-iu-taiu hci&elf in !> 
yni uiai a po inon.
In Mieh a war os the one theva^e now waning agam,:t u*
theic can be but one le-ulf. Tlie\ may de.-uov my whole
toi cc—a eaeimi«-t,inec [ dcc'm altuovt mipo-^mle—they may
kiil eveiy Arnenean dou' m Nieaiagua—but the seed i*.
sown, and not ail the foice of Spam-h Ameneacan prevent
theliuitfiom eotmngto matunty. Tiie nioie ^ava^o the
natuie <>f the war the> wage against us, the more ceirtm
the lesuit, the moie tenible the eon-efptenee^. 1 may not
live to see the end, but F ieei that m.v countij men will not
pei unt the ie-.uk to he doiihtfn>. I know that the honoi and
tiie interests of the gieat eounhy wlnwh, de&pite of the
xoreign sei vice [ am engaged in, i still love to call my own,
arc involved in the pie.-ent struggle. Tiiat honor must be
preacived inviolate, and tho&e inteiests must be jealously
maintained
Po lar. we nave had great moial odds aaatn-t u-. The
Goveinment to which we looked for aid and eomfoit lias
tieated us with coldness and disdain. There Inn been no
Government to cneouiag° us, and hid us '-God speed!"
Nothing but our own senfce ot the justice of the cause we
are engaged in, and ot its importance to the country of our
birth, has eYiabled us to snuggle on as far as we have come.
We may perish in the woik we have undertaken, and our
cause may be, for a time, lost.; but if we fall, we feel that
it is in the path of honor; and what is life, or what is suc-
cess, in comparison with the consciousness of having
performed a duty, and of having codperated, no matter how
slightly, m the cause of improvement and progress ? I begin,
however, to digress, and therefore conclude.
I remain, with high regaid, youi obedient servant,
WILLIAM WALKER,
lion. John 13. Weller, linked States Senate.
Mr. CASS. What is the date of that letter ?
Mr. WELLER. April the I5th, the day before
the battle. So you will discover that the British
Governmenthas given orders to furnish the Costa
Ricans with arms to expel North Americans from
Nicaragua! And the Clayton and Bulwer treaty
is still m force !
Mr. President, the Government of Nicaragua
ought to have been recognized long since. The
weight of our Government ought not to have been
thrown against the party now in power. They
have for some six months past given satisfactory
evidence of their ability to maintain a govern-
ment. If our countiymen desire to unite their
destinies with Nicaragua, let them go without
being dogged around your wharves by police
officers. These are my opinions and I frankly
avow them.
Let me say, before I dismiss this subject, that
the interference of the British Government in thia
contest may induce Guatemala and San Salvador
to form an alliance with Costa Rica, and assist
m the effort which is now being made to drive
North Americansfrom Nicaragua; butif General
Walker can obtain sufficient supplies for his army
in the way of food and clothing, the whole Span-
ish race m Central America cannot expel him.
Notwithstanding they are poorly provided and
worse paid, no troops ever had more confidence
in their leader, and in their cause. Although the
odds arc against lnm, I still think he will be suc-
cessful. If he fails, it will be because of the aid
and comfort given to his enemies by British agents
and emissaries.
We have difficulties, too, on the other route.
Thirty Americans have been slaughtered at Pan-
ama. As the very best feeling has always ex-
isted between the Government of New Granada
and the United States, I have no doubt the full
power of that Government will be immediately
used for the purpose of redressing these injuries.
And i have a right to believe that those in power
here will sec that that Government makes ample
reparation for the outrages which have been com-
mitted. It was one of those violent outbreaks
which occasionally happen when strangers and
people of different nations and tongues aie thrown
together. The local authorities were too weak
to control the movements of the excited populace.
Steps will bo taken, as I am assured, on the part
of this Government, to prevent a recurrence of
such outrages. Reparation for property destroyed
must be made, and the amplest security given for
the future. The line of communication which
has thus been interrupted through Panama will
soon recover from the shock it has sustained. As
this is the route over which our mads are trans-
ported, I expect to seepiompt action on the part
of our Government. Besides, we carry over this
Isthmus somo $4,500,000 of gold duet every
month, the nnn-arrival of which in Now York
at the proper time would inflict great loss upon
our banks and merchants. I hope Senators will
see in our present position the necessity for con-
structing at once a safe and convenient road
through our own territories. But I will not tres-
pass further upon the courtesy of the Senate.
Mr. SEWARD. I suppose it is the desire of
the honorable Senator to have the resolution con-
sidered now.
Mr. WELLER. Certainly.
Mr. SEWARD. To that, probably, there will
be no objection.
T3Vlr. WELLER. If the Senator from New
York desires to make any remarks, I will let the
rebolution go over, as I promised Senators who
were interested m the unfinished business of yes-
terday morning, that it should not interfere more '
than ten minutes wuli the regular Older of pro-
ceeding.
Mr. SEWARD. I shall be able, perhaps, in
five minutes, to say ail that is necessary for me
to say now. I wish to state for the information
of the honorable Senator what, perhaps, he is
not aware of, and certainly for the information
of the Senate, that on the arrival here of the
intelligence that the government of Walker, in
Nicaragua, had confiscated the property of the
