S44
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 4,
execution of the law, in order that the President
and the Secretary of the Navy themselves should
know that the board had not exceeded its juris-
diction, that the board should have kept a record,
to show for what causes it was proposed to remove
each individual officer. It is folly to talk about
reviewing the proceedings of the board without
this evidence. You cannot inflict tlie punishment
of one day's dismissal from the service, or the
diminution of pay in the service of the United
States, unless by a trial where a record is kept of
the whole proceedings, and the evidence on that
rijeord is sent to the President of the United States,
Reviewed by him, and approved. How could he
yeview, ana how could he approve, the action of
this board in any case, if he knew nothing of the
motives which actuated its members? l''or this
reason I say that, on account of the proceedings
of the board not having shown upon their face
that they acted within their jurisdiction, they are
void. From the evidence which has been submit-
ted to the Senate by a great many of these parties,
it is very apparent that the board attempted to ex-
ercise jurisdiction over court-martialable offenses.
I think I am warranted in saying that it will appear
that evidence was sought by members of the board
to be produced against officers of the Navy, upon
rumor, for which they have never been court-mar-
tialed—dishonorable to them as officers and as
gentlemen. Officers have been dismissed, whether
fpr that cause or not, I do not say; but I do say
that members of the board have sought, by ad-
dressing letters to various officers of the Navy,
to get evidence of crimes committed by officers
who have been struck from the list.
I believe that this proceeding was illegal; that
the law was not properly executed; that the ac-
tion of the board is void; that it has done the
greatest possible wrong and injustice to a large
number of the officers of the Navy. Such being
my views, its action cannot meet my approbation
in any respect. I have been deeply pained by
this proceeding. X think some of our naval offi-
cers, at least, who have shed so much luster on
our flag and glory on our country for fifty years,
deserved a better fate from the hands of fifteen of
their brother officers. So far as I am concerned,
as an American Senator, no act of mine shall
affirm so great a wrong.
The PRESIDENT. The petition will be re-
ferred to the Committee on Na\al Affairs.
Mr. COLLAMEU. I am charged with the
presentation of a petition on the same subject.
Mr. CLAYTON. If my friend will allow me,
I wish to say a word on tins subiect.
Mr. COLLAMEU. Very well.
Mr. CLAY. 1 rise to a point of order. I wish
to submit, as a question of order, whether it is
allowable, under (he rules of the Senate, upon
the introduction of a petition, to engage m a de-
bate of this character? It interrupts Very much
the proper course of business. 1 mean no dis-
courtesy to the Senator from Delaware.
Mr. CLAYTON. I wish to say, m reoly to
my friend from Alabama, that I was alluded to
by the honorable Senator who presented the me-
morial.
Mr. CLAY. The memorial has been referred. I
believe this discussion is out of order, at all events.
The PRESIDENT, it has not been the prac-
tice of the Senate hitherto.
Mr. CLAYJTON. I was alluded to, and so
was the Senator from Lousiana, [Mr. Benjamin,]
by the honorable Senator from Geoigia, [Mi.
Toomes,] as having made a certain admission in
debate. I only wish to correct that error.
Mr. TOOMJjS. Ail that 1 snid about the Sen-
ator from Delaware was. that he had stated that
these parties were remediless.
Mr. CLAYTON. I have made no admission
that wrong was done. 1 do not know what my
friend from Louisiana said, but 1 wish to be un-
derstood as never having admitted on any occa-
sion, in the course of the brief debates on this
subject, that I have been convinced that wrong
was done by the naval board or by the President.
Sir, it may be true, nevertheless, that wrong has
been done. I have avowed that, whenever it can
be shown that wrong has been done, I am one of
those who will seek to redress it. I am not will-
ing that any man in the world shall be injured by
any cooperation of mine, however small the in-
fluence of that cooperation may have been, with-
out endeavoring to put him right'.
But, sir, my friend from Georgia has spoken
about the special jurisdiction of this board, and
about its being restricted to its powers expressly
conferred, or conferred by necessary implication;
and that it ought net to be permitted to go beyond
them. The question is, when we take that posi-
tion, who is the judge? What is the court of
errors or appeals that is to afford the remedy,
and which shall hold this court of special and in-
ferior jurisdiction within its strict limits ? Clearly
not the Senate. It must be the President of the
United States. To hirn those gentlemen of the
navy board were responsible. Allow the Senator
from Georgia his premises, that the board was a
tribunal of special jurisdiction; still it was the
President who was bound to hold them within
their jurisdiction. Let us for the argument
merely concede the principle stated by the gentle-
man from Georgia, that they were to be held by
some power strictly within the authority which
was conferred upon them; but it was the Exec-
utive, not the Legislature, that wTas placed over
them to control them; to see that they did not go
beyond their authority, and to examine into the
whole subject of removals when they made their
report. Until proof is offered to me that the
President has not done his duty properly, I must
presume that he did. Until proof is shown to
me that some person was wronged by the action
of the board, or that they proceeded to condemn
some officer on grounds not authorized by law,I
must presume that all was rightly done that was
done by the board, acting as they did all the time
under tile instructions of the President, to whom
this whole removing power is intrusted by the
Constitution.
I must say, however, that it appears to me
there is a studied effort to hold the board alone
responsible for the proceedings under the law of
the last Congress. Sir, the President and the
Secretary of the Navy are primarily responsible,
not the board. They had a complete tevisory
power over the whole matter. If there was wrong
done, I repeat that it was the duty of the Presi-
dent to correct it. If the board went beyond
their powers, he alone had the authority to restrain
them—his was the duty of preventing injustice,
and applying the remedy for it when done.
I rose no.w only for the purpose of putting
myself right. I say again, if it can be shown that
wrong has been done in any instance, I stand
ready to exert myself with others to redress the
wrong as far as I can. At present I am not pre-
pared to suggest any remedy, and it may be that
no adequate remedy can be had. Surely none
such can be had without the consent of the Pres-
ident. Indemnity for wrong may lie within our
power, though that may not be in all respects the
true and adequate remedy.
Mr. COLLAMER. I am charged with the
presentation of the memorial of Robert B. Riell,
a lieutenant in the Navy, who has been placed on
the reserved list, with furlough pay, by the action
of the late naval board. He states that he en-
tered the scrvice in 1836, wlu n he was sixteen
years old, and consequently he is no w only thirty-
six years of ago; Ho represents that lie is in full
possession of his faculties, bodily and mentally,
lie says that he has performed all the duties of
an officer of the Navy, as far as he knows, satis-
factorily. During the time he has been in the
service, he has actually been at sea for about ten
years. He knows no cause why he should have
been taken from the line of promotion. He has
had no notice of any charges against him, and he
knows of the existence of none. He regards
himself competent for his duty, and is able and
ready to perform it. He says that, as he is ad-
vised, he cannot but consider that a law which
has, in effect, deprived him of his commission,
and position, and character, as he thinks, without
a trial, without notice, without a charge against
him, must be unconstitutional in itself, or that
tlm manner in which it has been executed must
be illegal and unconstitutional.
For this reason he asks that this memorial of
his may be referred to the Committee on the
Judiciary. He desires this, in tiie first place, for
the purpose of ascertaining whether a law can be
constitutionally made which can be executed in
such a manner as this has been; and, in the next
place, he asks that thatcommitree may pa.ss upon
the question—about which much has been said
this morning by the honorable Senator from Geor-
gia—whether the law, if constitutional, can law-
fully be executed in the manner in which this law
was executed? This, being a question of law
merely, is proper to be submitted to the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary.
This memorialist considers, as do many of his
brother officers, that this was not a removal by
the President of the United States. A removal
by the President was a contingency under which
he held his commission; but that was a removal
by the exercise of executive discretion; whereas,
in this case, there was not (however it may he
attempted to give that color to it) any exercise
of presidential discretion, in point of fact, in the
removal of these officers. Ultimately, undoubt-
edly, these officers were removed or displaced
by the President; but, in point of fact, they were
not removed by him in the exercise of his exec-
utive discretion. They, therefore, were not dis-
placed by the operation of any law under which
they supposed themselves to be holding their
commissions. Previous laws required charges
and trials with a view to which the executive dis-
cretion of removal was to be exercised; but in
neither of these modes have they been removed or
displaced. He asks that the Committee on the
I Judiciary may pass upon and express an opinion
' on the question, whether that be a constitutional
| law, and whether it has been legally and consti-
tutionally executed. I move that the memorial
be referred to the Committee on the Judiciary.
J Mr. BENJAMIN. I have a woid to say in
; relation to what fell from my friend from Georgia,
[Mr. Toombs.] 1 will repeat what has been said
before, that of course I do notintend to go in; o a
general discussion of this subject now. I shall
reserve that for the occasion when a report snail
be made by the Committee on Naval Affairs; but
I must utter a word of dissent from the proposi-
tion which fell from my friend from Georgia when
he treated this board of officers as a court—a
1 special tribunal with limited jurisdiction. If his
S premises were correct, unquestionably his con-
' elusion would be irrefutable; but to call a board
of officers gathered together, assembled by the
discretion of Congress, with a view to give ad vice
to the President in relation to the efficiency of the
personnel of the Navy, a court, is to my mind a
solecism. To call that board a court—to speak
of it as trying persons on charges—is to me, ap-
parently, a perversion of terms.
I consider the true theory of the law to have
been neither more nor less than an appeal by Con-
gress to the Executive, to exercise his discretion
in removing from active service in the Navy such
officers as in his estimation were no longer cap-
able of performing that active service, and to assist
him with the advice of a board of officers. We
are told by my friend from Vermont, [Mr. Col-
lamer,] that the Executive exercised no discre-
tion; that this is a pretext, simply. How that
may be, I cannot tell. The Executive has most
assuredly not informed Congress that he exer-
cised no discretion m the matter—at least, I
have seen nothing from the Executive to that
effect. I cannot believe—'twould be the last thing
I should be willing to believe—that gentlemen in
the high and dignified position of President of
the United States and Secretary of the Navy, have
exercised jurisdictions conferred on them by Con-
gress, under this law, without using any discre-
tion whatever. I, on the contrary, think, from
what I have seen reported, both from the Secre-
tary of the Navy and the Executive, that discre-
tion was exercised, that examination was made,
that judgment was formed in relation to the pro-
priety of action in reference to each officer, sepa-
rately; and that the conclusion arrived at by the
| President and Secretary was this, and nothing but
I this—that, although in the individual judgment
I of each of these gentlemen, some variation would
| have been made m the sentence or opinion of the
J advisory board of officers, yet that (yielding, in
that respect, to what they considered the peculiar
' opportunities which a board of officers had for
forming a correct opinion in regard to each officer
of the Navy) they came to the conclusion that
their opinion in the particular instances in which
otherwise the Executive might have formed a
different judgment, ought to be r-spected in pref-
: ercnce to the individual opinion of tne President
; or Spcrotnry.
| In that rcsporf, 1 an id th<( otli^r day, i thought
; they were wrong. I would not have comu to
