1850.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
$46
that conclusion if I had been the person to act
•'definitively on the report of this board of officers.
I would not have yielded my judgment to theirs;
and wherever my judgment differed with theirs,
I should have required reasons before I gave up
my judgment and struck down an officer who,
in my opinion, was competent to perform his
duties. 1 said the other day, and I say again, I
think in that they erred; but it was an error of
judgment. I must repeat, however, that I think
the remedy is not with Congress; and I believe,
that when the general discussion shall take place
I shall be able to show reasons satisfactory to
some minds!, if not to all, for the conclusion to
which f have arrived.
Mr. MALLORY. Mr. President, I do not
propose now to answer in detail the remarks of
my friend fiom Georgia, because the Committee
on Naval Affairs, to whom memorials on this
subject have heretofore been referred, expect to
make a detailed report on thorn. The memorials
which have been ah eady referred set forth that
the law, if constitutional, was not properly exe-
cuted. The committee expect to report in regard
to the manner of the execution of the law, and
the true character of the revising power conferred
on the President, and the manner m which that
was executed. For this reason, I think that any
discussion on these points is now premature, be-
cause the Senate is not informed of the manner
in which the law was executed.
I feel bound, however, to exonerate the Secre-
tary of the Navy, because I happen to know the
fact, that he did not accept the finding of this
board, and pass upon it as a whole, but he did,
as also did the President in exercising the revi-
sory power, call upon the board individually and
collectively for their reasons in all cases in regard
to which they entertained doubts. The board
furnished those reasons, and on those reasons the
revisory power was exercised. The committee
expect to report on that state of facts.
I say again, that, in reporting the matter to Con-
gress, the Secretary of the Navy has not at any
time admitted, and does not admit now, that any
officer was improperly removed from the active
list. He may have differed from the board in
' some instances, m their assignment to furlough
and to the half-pay list—nothing beyond that.
He was satisfied in every case where an officer
had been removed from active service, that he
was properly removed. The only doubt he had
was as to whether officers were not in some cases
'placed on-improper lists.
Sir, I shall make no strenuous objection to the
reference of the memorial which has been pre-
sented by the Senator from Vermont, to the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary, although four members
of that committee have already expressed their
opinions on the subject at some length, on the
floor of the Senate. Notwithstanding that fact,
I know that the committee will give the subject
a thorough investigation. For myself, I should
be glad to have the report of the Committee on
the Judiciary as to the constitutionality of the
law. I should presume, however, that the com-
mittee would first wish to know in what manner
the law was executed. As that point will be set
forth in the report of the Committee on Naval
Affairs, I would suggest that this memorial should
take the same course with all the others upon the
same subject; and when the report of the Com-
mittee on Naval Affairs shall be presented, the
Senate will be in possession of the facts showing
the manner in which the law was executed.
Mr. JONES, of Iowa. I desire to ask one
question of my friend from Florida, the chairman
of the Committee on Naval Affairs. Have not
the naval board removed gentlemen from the
naval service who were on active duty at the
time of their removal ? "Were not men stricken
from the rolls of the Navy who had been only a
short time before placed on duty by the Secretary
of the Navy himself? If that is so, must they
not have been assigned to duty because they were
supposed by the Secretary to be qualified for its
performance ?
Mr. MALLORY. I presume that the answer
to the question of my friend fiom Iowa will be
found m the Navy Register, which is annually
published. The position of every officer is there
laid down; and be will there find where they were
when they received notice of their removal or dis-
placement. I have no doubt of the fact as he
states in some cases. In regard to the point which
my friend from Iowa has in his mind, that a man
should not be removed from service because he
was at the time in the performance of active duty,
I will merely state what my acceptation of effi-
ciency is. A man may be in sound health, a
good sailor, perfectly competent to fulfill his du-
ties, but, from depravity of character, he maybe
inefficient as a commander, and men sailing with
him may have no confidence in him. He may
have pursued such a course as to render him in-
capable to get a crew or officers to go with him,
unless by the exercise of the authority of the
Navy Department. I do not doubt that men
were removed who were in the activc perform-
ance of duty.
Mr. COLLAMER. In accordancc with the
suggestion that has been made by the Senator
from Florida, [Mr. Mallouy,] perhaps it may
be proper to allow the memorial which I have
piesented to be referred to the Committee on
Naval Affairs. I would remark, however, that I
do not wish to be understood as in any manner
giving an indication of the ultimate opinion
which I shall come to on an investigation of the
whole subject.
Mr. BUTLER. Perhaps the Senator may
attain his object by allowing this memorial to lie
on the table until the report of the Committee on
Naval Affairs comes in; and then, if he thinks
proper, he can move that it be referred to the
Committee on the Judiciary.
Mr. COLLAMER. But in the mean time I
wish to have this memorial before some com-
mittee.
Mr. BUTLER. The Senator can do as he
pleases. I have no wish to influence his course.
Mr. COLLAMER.. i have entertained some-
what the same notion as the gentleman from Geor-
gia. in regard to the report of the Secretary of the
Navy, so far as I understand it. From the pro-
ceedings under the law, I did say, and I supposed
myself justified in saying, that there had not boon
in fact any exercise of executive discretion in the
removal of these officers. Indeed, Mr. President,
the law hardly implied that there should be. The
President had before the power to remove officers
from the active list, and, in fact, to remove them
entirely from the Navy, if they were incompetent
for the service. Without this enactment at all,
he had the power to do that, and, therefore, in
proper cases, it was his duCy to do it. But no
body of men could ever expect that the President
of the United States would remove officers, long
and honorably connected with the service of the
United States in the Army or the Navy, in their
old nse and decrepitude,when there wasnoprovis-
ion for their necessities. There ought long ago to
have been a retired l.st, on which officers at proper
periods might honorably be placed; and unless
there was such a list, it could nevt:r be expected
that the President of the United States would ex-
ercise his power of removal. From the want of
such a retired list, the supposed necessity finally
arose which demanded such a law as has been
recently passed. If we sustain the manner in
which that law has been executed and carried out,
the work will require to be done over again in the
next ten years, and we shall have the same ex-
treme proceeding, summary and extraordinary as
it is, from the want of some retiied list on which
the Executive may place officers from time to time.
I did say, from what lias thus far appeared in
regard to the action of tho naval board, that, m
fact and in truth, there was not, and that the law
hardly called for, the exercise of executive dis-
cretion in relation to these removals and displace-
ments. It was d duty to be performed by the
President, through certain instrumentalities cre-
ated by the law itself, and, as I think, has been
so performed. Still, after all, the Senator from
Florida says, that he expccts to show that, in
point of faU, it was not executed in such a way
as I supposed, and that, m truth, there was the
exercise of executive discretion in each particu-
lar case, ff that be so, it will remove that part
of the objection. For the reasons and sugges-
tions made by that Senator, I am content that !
this memorial shall go to the Committee on Na- j
val Affairs. ;
; The PRESIDENT. The question is on re- ;
! ferring this memorial to the Committee on Naval ;
i Affairs. . |
1 Mr. BAYARD. I do not intend to discuss this I
law now, though I shall undertake to do so at a
future day. I merely wish now to remark that,
though it is perfectly proper that this memorial
should not be referred to the Committee ou the
Judiciary altogether independent of any consid-
eration as to tlie opinions winch have been ex-
pressed by its members, it seems to me that, in
regard to the Committee on Naval Affairs also,
the peculiar character of this application, and of
similar ones, ought to dispense with their being
referred to that committee, and that they ought
to be referred to a select committee. The law is
an extraordinary one in its character, and I think
it would be proper that an investigation into its
execution should be made by those wJiose minds
have not been previously biased in reference to
the mode of investigation, or the character of the
law. For that reason I think a select committee
would be profitable in all respects; and I move
that this memorial, with all the other memorials
on tho same subjcct, be referred to a select com-
mittee.
The PRESIDENT. The motion to refer the
memorial to the Committee on Naval Affairs, that
being a standing committee, takes precedence of
the motion of the Senator from Delaware.
Mr. TOOMBS. Mr. President, 1 did not com-
mence the discussion of this subject. I sat here
quietly until my friend from Louisiana [Mr. Ben-
jamin] and my friend from Delaware [Mr. Clay-
ton] on former occasions laid down principles
winch I thought were calculated to have a very
injurious effect on the rights of those officers who
have been improperly dealt with. I thought this
an appropriate occasion to state my-views in ref-
erence to the matter. My friend from Louisiana
has admitted that the rule of law which I stated
is sound, provided it applies to the case. Sir, I
say it applies universally to all persons to whom
the execution of legal authority is given, whether
they be called a court or not. I think I can very
readily maintain that as a legal proposition. In
this case I tlnnk it will be further made to appear,
that there was no real discretion used. My friend
from Florida will find that in the action of the
Secretary of the Navy and the President. It is
not pretended by them that there was any dis-
cretion, in the proper sense of the term, exercised
by those officers. There was no means of doing
it. It was impossible for them to look into each
case, and they will not state that they have done
so.
Besides, I take it that an investigation will
show that this board transcended their authority
as to the evidence on which they found persons
incompetent and unfit. They went into their
character for morality. I think the Secretary of
the Navy laid that question before them in his
instructions, and in so doing he transcended the
authority of the law. I expect to show that the
board transcended their authority; that they have
not only stricken down men who have been guilty
of no crime, able, efficient, honest, and gallant
officers of the Navy, but they have stricken down
men whom the people of this country for fifty
years have delighted to honor, and I believe they
will stand by them against forty such boards.
Mr. CLAYTON. I suppose the Committee
on Naval Affairs to be the proper committee to
which this and all other memorials of the same
nature should go. I have nothing to add upon
tho mere question of reference, but I wish to say
a few words in reply to the lust remarks of the
gentleman from Georgia.
lie supposes that thorp was no investigation
made by the President and the Secretary of the
Navy. I am not authorized to speak with any
authority whatever upon that subject, but I have
uniformly supposed and understood, fiom the dec-
ollationshich have been made here and else-
where in reference to this matter, that those high
officers did their duty under the law, and did re-
vise and examine every one of t'ie cases. If it
can be shown that that was not so, there will be
a very serious charge against them.
I have heard, and I suppose it to be a fact—-I
believe it, and shall continue to believe it, until I
hear it disproved—that the President's own ward
was removed by the naval offic ei s who constituted
this board. That showed a pretty bold, determ-
ined character m the men who did it, for every
one of them was liable to be struck off the list
by the President at any moment he pleased. In
the discharge of their duties, it appears to me,
