1856.J
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSI01VAL
3$S;
34th Cong....1st Sess.
Naval Retiring Board—of Tennessee..
SuiMjm,
might be, and however noble might have been
their achievements in the service of their country.
Sir, such feelings as these cancel and obliterate
the highest claims of previous good character.
They show a want of honor, sensibility, and
justice, which lie at the foundation of all great
and noble deeds, and of all great and noble senti-
ments.
Why is it that Lieutenant Maury has beep
especially selected to be the immolated victim ?
Why not speak of Rolando, and of Bartlett, and,
ef other officers of the NaVy whose character and
efficiency have been called in question ? Is Maury
to be made the scape-goat, the victim, the mar-
tyr ? Are the dusty records of the Navy Depart-
ment to be carefully examined to find out what-
ever item of pretense may be found there against
him ? Are such things to be announced before the
public in regard to him, and be left to inference in
regard to others ? Delicacy, a disposition to for-
bear assailing the character of gentlemen, and a
respect for personal considerations, have' pre-
vented attacks on other gentlemen whose effi-
ciency has been called in question, but no such
rule has been applied to Lieutenant MauryThe
honorable Senator will allow me to say that I
cannot conceive that he would be the means of
raking up the accounts of Lieutenant Ma\ury after
the trial in Ohio. I exempt him from the charge;
but I cannot wholy excuse or pardon, him for
being the instrument or channel of communica-
tion to the Senate and the people of the whole
country. The honorable Senator has told us fur-
ther, that it is twenty-one years since Lieutenant
Maury had his jacket wet.
Mr. CLAYTON. No, sir; I said it was twenty-
one years since he had been on board a ship of
war.
Mr. BELL, of Tennessee. It tunounts to the
same thing. It is a discrimination in perfect con-
sistency with the whole tenor Of the Senator's
attack on Lieutenant Maury. The honorable'
Senator has taken occasion to say that he indorsed
every word and sentiment of the honorable Seiii
ator from Florida [Mr. MiXLORv].in relation to
the justice and propriety of disrating . Lieuten-
ant Maury. I must do the Senator from Dela-
ware the credit to say, that he hasacted boldly
and above board, especially in relation to Lieu-
tenant Maurv.
Mr. President, several Senators have just re-
minded me that I am detaining the Seimte until
a late hour.
Mr. CLAYTON. I hope the gentleman intends
to finish, and let me have a chance to reply to'
him.
Mr. BELL, of Tennessee. Of course I intend
to finish at some time or other, and theft the gen-
tleman can reply. The honorable Senator wilt
all6w me to say that I have a right to have Some
personal feeling on this subject.
Several Senators. Let us adjourn.
Mr. FITZPATRICK. If the Senator from
Tennessee will give way, I'will move an adjourn-
ment.
Mr. CLAYTON. I submit to the member from
Alabama, that the Senator from Tennessee ought
to be allowed to proceed, and t should have an"
opportunity to reply at once. Does the member
from Alabama seek to prevent me from having an
opportunity to reply ? I must answer before we
adjourn.   • "
Mr. FITZPATRICK. . I have no intention to
deprive the SenatoT from belaware of the right
of replying to the Senator from Teiifiessee.
Mr. CLAYTON. I hope there will be no ad-
journment. I must answer this at oncie.
Mr. BELL, of Tennessee. I should like, to
meet the honorable Senator. Let him reply now
or at any other tifne. I' Consider that I haVe a
right to have the feelings which I entertain and
have expressed on this occasion. As I'have be-
fore stated, I have concurred with the honorable
. Senator from Delaware in his main views as 'to
the principles which he advocated in regard to
the proceedings of the'naval bQard. I indorse
their integrity and high standing before'the whole
country. Yet a citizen of Tennessee, Lieutenant
Maury, has been singled out to be especially held
up to ridicule, to obloquy, and to contempt, as
the whole tenor of the Senator's remarks in rela-
tion to Lieutenant Maury shows was the design
to inflict upon him. I have a right to have some;
feeling on this occasion more than ordinary. ,
Mr. MASON. With the assent of the Senator
from Tennessee, I move that the Senate do now
adjourn.
Mr. CLAYTON. I claim the right to reply,
and to do it at once.
Mr. MASON. I move an adjournment.
Mr. CLAYTON. To an attack of this de-
scription, I claim the right to answejr on the spot.
Mr. MASON. I move an adjournment, and
insist upon my motion.
Mr. CLAYTON., Lit there be no adjourn-
ment: it is unjust.
The PRESIDENT. Order! order,!
Mr. CLAYTON. I have a right to answer
him, (pointing to Mrl.Bsu., of Tennessee.)
The PRESIDENT; The Senator from Ten-
nessee haa yielded the floor for,a motion tp ad-
journ.
Mr, CLAYTON. . I am not bound to listen to
the insolence of that man, and I will answer.
Mr.,MASON. I call the Senator from Dela-
ware to order.
Mr. BELL, of Tennessee. Let him express
. what, he pleases about^ insolence 
Mr> MASON. • I insist oh my motion.
The motion was, agreed to; and the Senate,
adjourned.
WHDNpsDAT.^prtZ 2, 1856.
After the transaction of much business,tgrffcx.
and when the usual hour of adjournment had
arrived, at the'request of Mr. Bell, the Seriate
resumed the consideration of Mr. I vers on's res-
olutions of February 2d, in regard to the Naval
board. :
Mr. BELL, of Tennessee. 1 do not. propose
to continue the discussion which was commenced
on the day beforg yesterdays bwt l rise for the
purpose of calling the attention of tfte Senate, for
a few:tninutes,' tO what occurred yesterd'aybe-
tween"the'honorableSenator froth Delaware and.
, myself. 1 When I rose to address the Senate yes-
terday, I was under the impression that the Ben£
ator froni-Etelaw&re h&d made a very uncalled-for
attack on the private and1 personal character of
Lieutenant Maury. . Since the Senate assembled
to-day, in consequence of the representatibhs' of
friends on Both sides of the Chamber, for whose
sentiments upon Such a question I am' obliged to
have great respect, I havte been induced to infer
that I did injustice to the motives of the honor-
able Senator from Delaware.
Although the State of Tennessee may not have
been the place of Lieutenant Maury's nativity,
?he entered the -Navy as a citizen "of" that State.
We have among Us a very large and respectable'
number of connections of his.-eome of whom have.
been my intimate friends and constant supporters'
for a long' period. The honorable Senator from
Texas [Mir. Houston] has stated to the Senate,
that when a Representative from the State of Ten-
nessee, he took the preliminary step in procuring
the appointment of this gentleman to the Navy.
Thepeople of the State which I represent have had
a great deal of feeling in reference to the action of
the naval board on his case. The Legislature of
my State has given expression to strong senti-
' ments in his favor.' ;  
Independently of all these considerations, I
.must acknowledge that I have been on inlithate
terms with Lieutenant Maury, and I have always
entertained the highest; regard for his character |
,as a gentleman arid as an officei-. Yesterday When I
I heard the honorable SenatOf from Delaware j
commence his remarks, I took a deep interest in
tthem, and,'as I stated then, I sympathized in 1
many of his views. He' will allow'me 'to say, <
that 1 honor him for the devotion, the allegiance, 1
and strength of personal friendship which he%x-1
^ibitesd towards his friend'Captain Da Pont; All I
that the honorable Senator Said in'that connection j
.penetrated me deeply. I loved to listen to such !
sentiments as those which the Senator exhibited i
for his friend.,. lt ha,s been my delight' to trace I
auch sentiments through the civilization of modern,]
Europe, aind the history'of the world. , J honor j
the Senator for them; but,.as I have said, I Idid
think that he made an uj\called-£br, and he will j
now allow me to say I thought it was . a, cold- J
blooded, Assault.on the j>er^onfl,,(;haracter and .
honor of Lieu tenant Maury.
I listened with great attention to the honorable
Senator's very studied, beautiful, and ablespeech,
| (and he always presents us with such efforts.) I
j was surprised to hear what I considered to be an
attack on the personal honor and character of
■ Lieutenant Maury.,, I was impelled, by feelings
I which I trust tjie honorable Senator from Dela-
j ware can appreciate, to take the course which 1 .
, did in the discussion which then occurred. 1 ex-
pressed myself, in term?, which friends around me,
and on both sides of the Chamber, have said were
too strong. They have told me that I was mis-
taken in my construction of the honorable Sen-
ator's speech. I am told by gentlemen, for whom
I am obliged to have respect, that I committed a
mistake, and,misunderstood the honorable Sen-
ator, ana that he meant to make no personal
attack on Lieutenant Maury.
1 have heard my honorable friend, the chair-
man of t he Committee on Naval Affairs, make
what, I thought was rather an unkind and unjust-
ifiable exposition of what he considered to be the
true claims of Lieutenant Maury, in saying that
he considered that Maury, of all others, was a
man who ought,to have been retired by the board.
I had no feeling in regard to that, because he
made no personal attack on the honor of Lieu-
tenant Maury. The honorable Senator from.,
Mississippi [Mr. Brown], indulged tp some ex- .
tent ip the same course of remark, and yet I made ,
no complaint. I have heard argujnen.ts presented,
pro and con.t in relation to the claims of many .
men, coru)ected with the action of the board, of ,,
naval officers, appointed under the act«f the last.,,
session qf Congress, ^ promote the efficiency of ,
the Navy. ,1 nad ito feelirjg on all these ques-
tions; but .when. I supposed that here was a de- ■ .
liberate,, premeditated .attack upon Lieutenant,
Maury, jvhen l supp.p^ed, that, there was,an in-..*
tention, on the part^f the honorable Senator ,
from Delaware—\yhoifi I; have alw;ays, hereto-:
fore., been proud to conaidcriny friend—-to attack ;
hi&.characterj, I confes^ that ipy feelings were . ,
roused pijd excited tO;Such a. pitch, that they, be- ,
came uncontrollable*,,. The] ijiofe I thought,,on
the subject, fj)e , indignant J, became,; I am -. i
advisejf that I wadp .jjse„qf exprfseiQns^ yestefr ,
'day, in relation tp the qoufse, Qf the honorable.
SenatOT. whiph have, attracted, tlje fttteutipnof ,
many friends. X did not impute wrong motiyea.,,
to him, but I supppaed ^that jie Ja&d, Jeen.j rer
vailed upon3,iin(](ec ,<^rwmst£ngea 9.f sonUcqllieei x
infliieqce with ,hirnas,a;friewl, gf qtherf, to take. ,,,
a course, which was^oaely unjust,, ABd.mthlea#,
in regard to, the <fhar#,cter qf, sproe.gentleijjen- t.
Now;, ssir, J,desire tp take,b^ck,;all that I said. ,
of an.unkind nature. and everything which could . ^
be regarded as a violation of those courtesies .,,
which ar« due from member of the Senate,, (P .,,
(another.. In ray heatt,.I. feel thatihpweYfcT.mwh,. i
Senators may. diife in opinion on great Apdji#- .
portant antf vital questi^iminj-eg&xd to.the policy , 3
of the country , it^ ueqe^^rjy far.t^ highpujrpoass i,'
for which this assembly dpsiznea by the;.,
Constitution, thai ita.,m4*if?§r«#l¥>uTd preqer^e a,,,
certain, degree, of. cj uytefly tflw^r^qw,^po(l>e?,( w
Whoever wUlfuiiyyiol&tes.the .eaurteeies. of thisY.i
' Chamber is an 3nemy.j^the,object^ Qnd purposes .^,
of the Senate .and V. the Constitutiop, orga^iziiig,.. ,
it. ...
Mr. President, it, is. always.Jkdelieat^ ^nd im- J!;
portantquestio«r not only betwge^ jrjdivi.duals but
someUmeq,between, nation^, \yhoishpvW tftke.wa ;ij
initiative in making the amende kqtwr.abfc.j The. s
only.doubt which. I have had,ij}; regard..to this ...
matter has, been whether the honoral^l^,Senator ,,j
from Delawaie of myself «,ugli,t;ti3 take t.he.ipitia-. ,;i
; tiver.,,_i am npt certt^n-.that my <jt om(!( j^./'niendl.,.
;from Delaware,—I hardly, know. h^w. to denom-. .i
.inate Jiim—ought not to take the initiatLve, be-
j cause, of an expression which I heard,fa,li frotrv
which nay honorable,friend frpnj Vir~,,;l
ginia,[Mr. j^A&qN} called, lumi.to order. I think
we were both, a little remits,apt} 1not certain. i s
..which owes it to the other to t^te ,the initiative j
in retracting it. This is a problem of great infi- K,
portance to be splved,. I acknowledge, that it is . j
.not so importan^bet^en qs.aa a sinjilar,question >
.is between Great Britaifl and the United StateSf,
I hare jiot ^ad ftny negwtigtioxji. with,th§ hono :,; ii
