1856.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1945
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the affirmative—yeas 93, nays 59; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Baibour, Barclay, Barksdale, Bell, Henry
Bennett, HendleyS. Bennett, Benson, Bilhnghurst, Bowie,
Brads-haw, Brenton, Bioom, Buffinton, Lewis B. Campbell,
Caruthers, Chaffee, Ezra Clark, dawson, Clmgman, Wil-
liamson II. W. Cobb,Comins, Covode, Damrell, Davidson,
Henry Winter Davis, Dean, Denver, Dodd, Dowdell, Ed-
wards, Eiit>ns, Evans, Granger, Greenwood, J. Morrison
Hams, Thomas L, Harris, Herbert, Thomas It. Horton,
Ilughbton, Kelly, Kelsey, Kennett, King, Knapp, Knight,
Knowlton, Knox, Lake, Leiter, Lindley, Mace, Matteson,
McCarty, lvilhan Miller, Milhvard, On, Parker, Peck, Pel-
ton, Pennington, Pettity Phelps, Porter, Pringle, Quitman,
Hichardson, Rivers, Robbms, Robison, Sandidge, Seward,
Shorter, William R. Smith, Sneed, Stranahan, Swope, Tap-
pan, Taylor, Thorington, Thurston, Todd, Tyson, Valk,
Wakeman, Walbridge, Cadwalader C. Washburne, Elhliu
B. Washbume, Welch, Williams, Woodruff, Woodwortli,
and Daniel B. VVright—93.
NAYS—Messrs. Albright, Allison,Bliss, Bocock, Boyce,
Burnett, Cadwaladei, James II. Campbell, Garble, Cohax,
Oumback, Elliott, Emrie, English, Ethendge, Faulkner,
Flagler, Florence, Galloway, Goode, Harlan, Haven, Hick-
man, Ilolloway, Valentine B. liorton, Houston, George W.
Jones, J. Glancy Jones, Kunkel, Leteher, Lumpkin, Alex-
ander K. Mai^hall, Humphrey Marshall, Meacham, Smith
Miller, Millson, Morgan, Morrill, Murray, Andrew Oliver,
Perry, Puiviance, lteady, Roberts, Rutiin, Sabm, ^app,
Spinner, Stanton, Stewart, Tiafton, Trippe, Wade, War-
ner, Israel Washburn, Watkms, Winslow, Wood, and
John V. Wright—59.
So the bill was passed.
Mr. WALKER declined voting, because he
owned part of the lands through which the rail-
road from Mobile to New Orleans would run, and
was therefore personally interested.
Mr. FOSTER stated he had paired off with
Mr. Stephens.
Mr. .BENNETT moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed, and also moved
to lay the motion to reconsider on the table;
which latter motion was agreed to.
Mr. BENNETT moved to amend the title of
the bill by adding the words, ts and for other pur-
poses."
Mr. LETCHER. Is an amendment to the
amendment in order?
The SPEAKER. It is in order.
Mr. LETCHER. Then I propose to make
the title of the bill, " A bill for constructing works
of internal improvements by the means of the
Federal Government of the United States."
Mr. HAVEN. My friend from Virginia
ought to add, " as sanctioned by the President of
the United States."
Mr. LETCHER. The gentleman may add
that to the amendment if he choose.
The amendment to the amendment was. not
agreed to.
The question was taken; and the amendment
was agreed to.
MESSAGE FROM THE SENATE.
A message was received from the Senate, by
Mr. Dickins, its Secretary, notifying the House
that the Senate had passed bills of the following
titles; in which it had directed him to ask the
concurrence of the House:
An act (S. No. 132) to provide for the improve-
ment of the navigation of the Ohio river;
An act (S. No. 134) to continue the improve-
ment of the harbor of Vermilion, Ohio;
An act (S. No. 153) to continue the improve-
ment of the harbor of Michigan City; and
An act (S. No. 165) for continuing the im-
provement of the harbor of Chicago, Illinois.
ENROLLED BILLS.
Mr. DAVIDSON, from the Committee on
Enrolled Bills, reported as truly enrolled bills of
the following titles; when the Speaker signed the
same:
An act (S. No. 311) to provide for the public
instruction of youth in primary schools through- .
out the county of Washington, in the District of j
Columbia, without the limits of the cities of.
Washington and Georgetown; and i
An act for the relief of the Columbian Harmony ;
Society, in the city of Washington. j
LEGISLATIVE, EXECUTIVE, AND JUDICIAL ,
APPROPRIATION BILL. j
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio. I move that the
rules be suspended, and that the House resolve
itself into the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union.
The motion was agreed to.
The House accordingly resolved itself into the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union, (Mr. Haven in the chair,) and resumed
the consideration of the bill (H. R. No. 202) mak-
ing appropriations for the legislative, executive,
and judicial expenses of the Government for the
year ending the 30th of June, 1857.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio, under instructions
of the Committee of Ways and Means, offered
the following amendment, to come in at the end
of the eight hundred and sixth line:
For legal assistants, and other necessary expenses in the
disposal of private land claims m California, $12,000.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. ORR moved to amend, by striking out all
after the word " dollars," where it first occurs in
the following clause;
For salary of the reporter of the Decisions of the Supreme
Couit, §1,300, if only one volume of the repoits be pub-
lished, as heretofoie; and m ea^e the Supreme Coutt shall
dircct him to publish two volumes, then the sum of $1,300
for each volume so published.
Mr. ORR said: I do not think it is good policy
for this House to make the compensation of the
reporter of the Decisions of the Supreme Court
depend upon the number of volumes he may
issue. * The temptation to swell the reports of
that court, by the insertion of immaterial matter,
is too strong. If the salary of $1,300 is too
small, it should be fixed at a proper rate, and not
made to depend on the number of volumes which
he issues.
Mr. H. MARSHALL. I concur in the opinion
expressed by the gentleman from South Carolina,
[Mr. Orr,] but it occurs to me that $1,300 is per-
haps too small a compensation for that reporter.
I think the salary had better be increased to
§1,500, or even to $2,000; and let it be understood
that it is to be the same, whether he makes one
volume or half a dozen.
Mr. HOUSTON. It is, as the gentleman from
Kentucky says, a matter of importance that these
reports should be as much condensed as pos-
sible; putting in nothing that is not absolutely
essential to the elucidation of the point decided
in the case. Cut, sir, one volume will include
everything that should be reported. If extra-
neous matter is included, the decisions of the
Supreme Court will swell to an extent that will
make it impossible for beginners in the practice
of the law to purchase these decisions. I think
it would be better to allow the salary of this
reporter to remain at $1,300, and let him as here-
tofore make up his compensation from his copy-
right and from private sales of the books.
Mr. MARSHALL. I understand the ruling
of the Chair to be, that if the motion of the gen-
tleman from South Carolina to strike out prevail,
we cannot go back to insert anything in place of
that stricken out. If the sense of the House is
that the salary of $1,300 is not sufficient, then I
am willing to increase that salary to $2,000, and
not have it depend on the number of volumes
issued.
Mr. HOUSTON. I think it would be better
to adopt the amendment of the gentleman from
South Carolina, and allow the salary of this
reporter to remain at $1,300. He will make up
his compensation out of the sale of his report.
Mr. TRIPPE. 1 desire to ask one question.
Who has the copyright of the report?
Mr. MARSHALL. The reporter, of course.
Mr. TRIPPE. Then $1,300 is enough for his
salary.
Mr. MARSHALL. I propose to make his
compensation $1,800. I am opposed to allowing
him $1,300 for the first volume, and $1,300 in
addition for each additional volume. I am op-
posed to offering a premium for the largest amount
of book-making. I am opposed to holding out
inducements for putting immaterial and irrelevant
matter in the reports of the decisions of the Su-
preme Court.
Mr. ORR. Do I understand the Chair to rule
that, ifthemotion I have made should be adopted,
it would be in order still further to amend that
paragraph?
The CHAIRMAN. The motion to strikeout
and insert is the proper motion; but the Chair
understands that, if the motion to strike out is
carried, it is competent to insert matter in lieu of
that stricken out.
Mr. ORR. I am perfectly willing to acquiesce
in the suggestion of the gentleman from
tucky, but I think it would be better for the
House to act upon my motion to strike out.
Mr. H. MARSHALL. Idemand tellersupon
the motion.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. H. Mar-
shall and Leiter were appointed.
The question was taken; and the tellers reported
—ayes sixty-eight, noes not counted.  
So the amendment was agreed to.
Mr. H. MARSHALL. I move that the salary
of the reporter of the Decisions of the Supreme
Court be $1,800 instead of $1,300.
Mr. LETCHER. 1 raise the point of order
that the amendment is not in order. It provides
for an increase of salary.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair holds the point
to be well take.n, and rules the amendment out of
order.
Mr. LETCHER. I move to insert the fol-
lowing:
For compensation of the members of the board of revisors
appointed m pursuance of the provisions of the act of Con-
gress approved March 3,1855, (see sessions, acts 1854 and
18o5, page 640,) entitled "An act to improve the Jaws of
the District of Columbia, and to codify the same," $12,000:
Provided, That the compensation to be paid to each mem-
ber of said board, and the time or times of pajmenttheicby,
shall bo deteimmed by the President of the United States :
Jind provided further, That so much of said act of Congress
a^ is expressed in the words following, to wit: " And the
persons who may compose said boaid, or such of them as
may act on the same, shall be paid out of the Treasuiy of
the United States a reasonable compensation for their ser-
vices, according to the time employed by them respectively
upon the same," be, and the same is hereby, repealed.
Under the act of 1855, approved 3d of March,
1855, it was provided that the President should,
in the first place, appoint two persons, learned in
the law, to revise, simplify, digest, and codify the
laws of this District. And the law went on to
say that each should be paid for his services out
of the Treasury of the United States at the rate
of $3,000 a year. The law further goes on:
" And the Board of Aldermen and Common Council of
the city of Washington may, together, elect five competent
persons; and the Board of Aldermen and Common Council
of Georgetown may elect two competent persons; and the
levy court of the county of Washington may elect one
competent person—which persons, together, shall compose
a board to consider, at convenient seasons, the provisions
of said code as it may be prepared; and any thiee of said
persons shall constitute a quorum of said board; and the
said code, or such piovisions thereof as may be approved
by a majority of said board, shall be adopted, and become
the law of the said District, as hereinafter provided. And it
shall be the duty of the said persons who may be appointed
to codify the said laws to attend; and also the said Attor-
ney Geneial may attend the meetings of said board, to
explain the seveial provisions of the said code.. And when
the said code, and the provisions thereof, shall have been
adopted by the said board, or by a majority thereof, they
shall certity the same to the President of the United States,
who shall thereupon cau<e it to be published in ti neat and
convenient form, and to be substantially bound."
There is no provision for the payment of these
partios. None has been made heretofore, although
this duty is imposed on them by this law. They
have been in the discharge of that duty since the
law went into effect. They have received no
compensation. This amendment proposes that
the President of the United States shall settle
what that compensation shall be, and makes an
appropriation for that purpose.
Mr. MARSHALL. I would inquire of the
gentleman from Virginia,who is amemberof the
Committee of Ways and Means, whether he has
any information of the probable time of the com-
pletion of this work ?
Mr. LETCHER. I do not know. They are,
and have been, at work on itforsome time. I do
not know when it will be completed, nor could
the Attorney General inform me.
Mr. SIMMONS. When was the board ap-
pointed ?
Mr. LETCHER. The act was passed in
March, 1855. Some time after the passage of the
act these appointments were made.
Mr. MARSHALL. They were appointed to-
simplify and codify the laws relating to the Dis-
trict of Columbia. If my recollection serves me,
the first part of this code has been published. The
codifiers are preparing it on the plan of Black-
stone's Commentaiies. There are to be divisions
on private wrongs, and on public wrongs, &c.,
as in the work of which it is an imitation.^
I would suggest to the committee that it is very
desirable that this work should be concluded; and
1 propose, instead of $12,000, that the appropri-
ation be reduced to $6,000; and that, in lieu of
