1856.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1071
Nicaragua Transit Company, I submitted a res-
olution calling upon the President for all the
information he had concerning all the transac-
tions which had occurred in Central America
during the conflicts which had been going on for
the last year. That resolution was passed, and
is now before the President. It would have been
desirable for me, and for those commercial inter-
ests which I represented on that occasion, to
have had the information given to the Senate as
speedily as possible; but I discovered very soon
afterwards that the affairs of Nicaragua were
becoming- complicated by new embarrassments.
There was a war declared between Costa Rica
and Nicaragua, or, as the Senator from Califor-
nia says, the Americans in Nicaragua, the
course and the results of which were manifestly
uncertain. Not only were there at the same
time suspicions of sympathy on the part of the
British Government with the Government of
Costa Rica, but our own relations with the Gov-
ernment of Great Britain disclosed a new issue
with that Power, growing out of violations of the
neutrality laws of this country by the British
Minister and other British agents.
Although my resolution was passed by the
Senate three or four weeks ago, it has not thus
far been the pleasure of the President of the
United States to submit to the Senate the inform-
ation which it called for. I have supposed that
the President, in the exercise of the discretion
reposed in him, had some good reasons for delay-
ing the communication which that resolution de-
manded, and therefore I have not pressed for it,
although the interest which I feel on this subject
is as great as that of any other person in the
country. The resolution is already before the
President, then, calling for all the information
which this resolution demands. Under the cir-
cumstances, this will be a renewal of the demand
which the Senate before made, and to which the
President has delayed to reply, probably influ-
enced by some views ofhis own in regard to the
expediency of transmitting the information at this
time.
Mr. WELLER. The Senator will allow me
to interrupt him. I supposed that resolution had
been answered.
Mr. SEWARD. No, sir.
Mr. WELLER. I knew that the resolution
was adopted several weeks since, and therefore
I have inserted in this resolution the words,
"not heretofore communicated."
Mr. SEWARD. It has not been answered,
and the reason is, undoubtedly, as I have stated.
There is no impropriety, however, in our passing
this resolution; and I rose chiefly for the purpose
of giving the information which I have already
communicated to the Senate, and thus to bring
the former requisition to their remembrance, to
the end that it might he understood that the Pres-
ident will now receive this as an earnest call for
an answer to the previous resolution.
Now, Mr. President, I would rather that the
matter might rest where it is for a day or two,
until we shall see whether it is sxpedient now to
manifest this earnestness in reference to the in-
formation which the Departments may possess
on the subject. 1 feel the full necessity on this
occasion of alio wing to the President of the United
States the free exercise of all his discretion in
this very complicated case. Embarrassments of
our own citizens with the existing government of
Nicaragua are one feature of the case; embarrass-
ment of our own citizens with the other belliger-
ent is another feature of the case. The property
of the Transit Company has been confiscated by
the present government of Nicaragua on the one
Bide, and on the other the Government of Costa
Rica have given notice to the Transit Company
that they shall sequester any ships, or boats, or
vessels of any kind, the property of the Transit
Company, which may be found in the passage
between the two oceans; so that the Nicaragua
route is practically destroyed and sacrificed in the
fierce conflict between the belligerents. If the
Government of the United States should now
recognize the present Government of Nicaragua—
the Walker Government—then the claim of the
Government of the United States upon the au-
thorities of Nicaragua, under our right to protect
the property of the Transit Company, will be
converted probably into a demand for satisfaction
of the damages which have already been sus-
tained, involving discussion as to the rightfulness
of that confiscation. If it shall lecognize that
Government, it exposes the property of the Amer-
ican citizens to the depredations of the Govern-
ment of the assailant of Walker—namely, the
Government of Costa Rica.
While, then, wc lose the enjoyment of one
necessary passage across the kthmus, we find
ourselves falling into new embarrassments in
regard to the other, and older one, namely, the
Panama route—the route on which the property
and lives of American citizens have been de-
stroyed at Panama for some connection—we are
not now able to ascertain how close—with the i
disturbances in Central America, growing out of
what here is called Walker's revolution, but what
is alleged there to be an invasion by American j
citizens of the independence of all the Central '
American States.
The call for information on the President, under
the circumstances under which it is now proposed
to be made, would seem calculated to hurry for-
ward the decision of a gieat question, which must
be one that Mrill agitate the people throughout
this Union. I think, sir, that it is now apparent,
that although wise, judicious, and moderate coun-
sels prevailed at the time of the adoption of the
Central American treaty, and we thereby secured
passages across the Isthmus through foreign
countries, which were then already indispensable,
yet it is now rendered nearly certain that the
condition of the Central American States is such
that our passages cannot always be maintained
through those States in peace and in safety, in the
present condition of the relations of those States
to each other, to ourselves, and to Great Britain.
The Senator from California says truly, in
view of the inter-oceanic passages, that we need,
and our exigencies do manifestly require, that
there should be firm, stable governments in Nic-
aragua, and New Granada, and wherever we have
passages across the Isthmus; but he says that
the Spanish Americans are unable to maintain
such governments, and that such a governmentis i
to be attained only through the interposition into
those regions of a large North American element;
but he at the same time desires that governments,
so to be obtained there, shall be independent.
Sir, I think that experience has already taught
us that there can be no North American govern-
ment on this continent south of the present bound-
aries of the United States, and ingrafted on a
Spanish American State, that will be an independ-
ent government. When you have once obtained
an independent North American government, or a
government under North American influences, the
next proposition follows immediately afterwards
—namely, that it shall be mcoiporated into the
Federal Union of these States, and to be directly
and immediately annexed to the United States.
Every step that this Government takes towards
the establishment, or favoring the establishment,
of North American States in Spanish America,
is a direct step openly taken towards (.lie enlarge-
ment of this Republic.
On a subject so momentous, I am not prepared
to speak now. I do not desire to speak with
haste, and I do not desire to speak under circum-
stances which afford so little time for considera-
tion. Nevertheless, it is my duty to present to
the Senate, without delay, this view of the sub-
ject. The Nicaraguan question must now be
considered with reference not merely to the con*-
dition of the Central American States in this
present controversy, but also with reference to
our relations to Great Britain. So it carries us
out to sea again, and into renewed debate of the
Central American treaty and the Monroe doc- j
trine.
I. forbear from that discussion; but I must say
now, distinctly, that these troubles in Central
America bring some instruction, wluch, if it could
have its due efficacy, would have healing, and
happiness, and even greatness, for this nation—
greatness as its fruits; and that is this: It teaches
us first, that we cannot exist as a whole Republic
without a communication overland between our i
Atlantic and Pacific regions; secondly, that that j
communication between our Atlantic and Pacific J
regions must be through our own territory,
through our own country, and not through for-
eign countries: thirdly, that if we would have it
through our own country, and have it peacefully
and safely so, we should begin to-day, admon-
ished by the controversies, conflicts, and dangers,
through which we are passing in relying upon
foreign routes—the construction of a railroad
across our own territory to tho Pacific ocean. At
all events, we ought to remember that, according
to all the indications of the temper and opinion
of the people, of this country, while they will-
have communications, and must have communi-
cations, between our Atlantic and Pacific posses-
sions, they will have them through their own
country. It is only a question whether you will
now make a railroad through country which you
have, or whether you shall, sooner or later, be
obliged, under whatever circumstances, to acquire
and take possession of the country through which
the railroads which you use pass. We shall not
be allowed to endure foreign control over our
overland commercc between different parts of our
Republic.
Mr. DOUGLAS. Mr. President, I have re-
frained during the whole session from uttering
a word on the Nicaraguan or Central American
question. I take it for granted that no member
of the Senate will presume that this silence has
arisen from any want of interest in the events
which were transpiring in those countries. My
opinions on the Clayton and Bulwer treaty were
stated when it was ratified by tho Senate, and
subsequently, when its provisions became the
subject of discussion in open Senate. I do not
deem it necessary, on this occasion, to repeat the
objections which I then urged to the provisions
and terms of the treaty, it is sufficient to say,
that subsequent events have in nowise diminished
those objections. It has now become obvious to
every one, that with tho construction which the
British Government has placed on the treaty, and
the line of policy which she is pursuing under ii,
or rather perversion of its provisions as under-
stood by a majority of the Senate at the time of
its ratification, all American interests in^Central
America are to be sacrificed and destroyed.
I think the time has come when this Govern-
ment must consider seriously how much longer
we can allow that treaty to remain a compact be-
tween the two countries, and permit the British
Government to deny to us ail its benefits, whilu
refusing to comply with its stipulations. That it
has been violated in regard to Roatan and tho
Bay Islands—that it is now being violated every-
day by a substantial blockade of the San Juan
river and the whole coast, are facts too well
known to the country and to the world, to require
proof.
It has, therefore, become a grave question how
much longer we shall submit to these invasions
of our rights in violation of solemn treaty stip-
ulations. Our Government has. been actuated by
a spirit of forbearance and moderation which has
not been appreciated, much less reciprocated, by
the British Ministry. Our Administration has
observed a scrupulous regard for the obligations
of treaties and of the laws of nations, and for the
lights of all countries arising under either. If
the Administration has erred at all in connection
with this Central American question, the error
will be found to consist in allowing its scrupulous
regard for good faith and international comity
to carry it beyond the point required by the laws
of nations, and our own neutrality laws, in re-
straining our citizens from emigrating to Contra!
America, under inducements from the existing
Government of Nicaragua. The error, if any has
been committed, has been on the side of peace,
moderation, and international comity.
I have not chosen to go into the discussion of
the question, because I knew that a foreign policy
could not be originated or directed in the Senate,
or in Congress. Our foreign relations must be
managed by the executive branch of the Govern-
ment. We cannot know all the facts that are
known to the State Department bearing upon the
question; we cannot fully appreciate the embar-
rassments that surround it. 1 have had faith that
our Administration would manage this subject
prudently and wisely, and that the results would
show that American interests and American rights
had not been yielded or sacrificed. I have that
faith yet; but while this is the ease, I cannot ac-
quiesce in the condemnations which I have heard
in the Senate upon the existing Government ia
Nicaragua. I hold that that government is a ,
legitimate as any which ever existed in Central
America. I think it is the firmest, the na5ststab,p-
