1946
/
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
August 6,
thl^amendment, there be added the following
proviso;
Provided, That this $6,000 be payable if the code be
completed during the current year,
Mr.,LETCHER. What does the gentleman
propose ?
Mr. MARSHALL. A substitute for the gen-
tleman's amendment.
Mr. LJ2TCHER. I would like to know how
the gentleman expects these parties are to be paid
for the services already rendered ?
The question was taken on Mr. Letcher's
amendment; and it was disagreed to.
Mr. H. MARSHALL, i move to add the
following words:
Provided, The code shall be completed during the current
fiscal year.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio. I make a point
of order on the amendment.
Mr. MARSHALL. I do not think the point
of order is well taken.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair holds that the
amendment is not m order.
Mr. CAMPBELL. If there be any such
amendment to the law it should come from the
Committee on the Judiciary, and be acted on in
a separate bill.
Mr. MARSHALL. I appeal from the decision
of the Chair.
The question being put, 41 Shall the decision
of the Chair stand as the judgment of the com-
mittee," it was decidcd in the affirmative.
So the decision of the Chair was sustained.
Mr. SIMMONS. I move to amend the appro-
priation by striking- out the word "thousand"
and inserting " hundred." 1 recollect that a dis-
tinguished judge of England, Lord Mansfield,
said that there never was a statute passed by Par-
liament through which you could not drive a
coach and four horses.
Mr. LETCHER. I rise to a question of order
upon that amendment. The compensation is fixed
by the law of 1855, and it is not m order to change
that compensation.
Mr. SiMMONS. Is it not in order to change
the appropriation? I wish to say that we ought
not to appropriate anything which will result in
no benefit to the District. The law creating the
boanl does not fix the appropriation for future
Congresses.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair thinks that
the point of order is not well taken.
Mr. LETCHER. My point is, that the law
having prescribed the salary, and the services hav-
ing been rendered under the law prescribing that
salary, it is not hi order to reduce it in the Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union.
Mr. SIMMONS. Did the law provide that we
should pay #(i,UU0 at litis time / if so, what do you
want this law for?
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair adheres to his
decision, though he has some doubts about it.
Mr. PIIELPS. The commissioners appointed
on the part of the United States aie to receive a
salary of $3,000 per annum. There is no provision
made to pay the other commissioners appointed to
codify the laws by the corporations of Washing-
ton and Georgetown, and by the county court
of the District of Columbia,
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair overrules the
point of order.
Mr. SIMMONS. It seems to me, that pix
months' time, with two good attorneys who will
be willing to apply themselves to the woik, will
be sufficient to codify the laws. It is absurd to
think of codifying the common law of the Dis-
trict. The provisions of the common law are
changing every year, to adapt them to the com-
mon sense and justice of all men, and it can-
not be codified and thus made inflexible. There
is a difference between revision and codification,
. and ali that it is necessary for these gentlemen to
do is to sit down and do their work of revision
in six months. The revision of the statutes,
old and modern, is proper, but need not occupy
more than six mouths; ccrtainly not longer than
was taken by Chancellor Kent and another to
revise the statutes of the State of New York.
Nothing but the statutes should ever be thought
of being codified. The common law would be
spoiled by codifying it.
Mr. MILLSON. I pay no unmeaning com-
pliment to my friend from New York, when I
say that I rarely fail to derive profit, as well as
pleasure, from the remarks he 'submits .to this
House; and I regret very much indeed that, on
this occasion, without that deliberation and con-
sideration which would have protected him from
the errors into which he has fallen, he has ven-
tured to offer the amendment which he has just
now proposed. My friend says that the idea of
codifying the laws of the District is simply ab-
surd. I say nothing upon that subject, if it be
so, the blame of this absurdity must rest upon
him, as one of the members of the last Congress
which ordered this work to be done, and not upon
two gentlemen, members of the bar, who were
selected by the President to execute the order of
Congress. However improper, however absurd
the undertaking may have oeen, it was not for
them to determine that they would not carry into
effect the deliberate order of both Houses of
Congress.
The gentleman from New York must be aware
that the laws of this District arc very peculiar.
He supposes it is only necessary to codify the
statutes of the United States, but I suggest to
gentleman from New York that many of the the
British statutes are the laws of tins District in
consequence of their adoption by the Legislature
of Maryland. Many of the laws passed by the
British Parliament have been incorporated m the
codes of Maryland, and were reported upon by
a learned chancellor of Maryland many years
ago, who was charged with reporting how many
of the old British statutes were then in existence
in that State; and these laws have passed into
the District. It is absolutely necessary that the
people of the District should understand the laws
under which they live and by which they are.
governed.
Mr. SIMMONS. Do I understand the gentle-
man to say that these codifiers have nothing at
all to do with the common law ?
Mr. MILLSON. Certainly not.
Mr. SiMMONS. Nothing more than the
statutes! Then does the gentleman think that it
would take six months for a couple of laborious
lawyers to codify the statutes of any State ?
Mr. MILLSON. That has nothing to do with
the gentleman's amendment. The gentleman
proposes to reduce the compensation of $G,000
provided by law to $000.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. I desire to ask the gen-
tleman from Virginia a question. Do I under-
stand him correctly to say that a judge of Mary-
land had already reported the laws of the British
Parliament that were in force in Maryland and
consequently in force here?
Mr. MILLSON. I have said that a learned
chancellor in Maryland, whose name I have for-
gotten, was many years ago appointed by the
Legislature of Maryland to make this report.
This duty was executed in part. Out I mention
it merely for the purpose of showing that there
are many sources of law in this District besides
the statutes of Congress. These laws consist of
the law s of Mai yland, of the statutes of England
adopted by the Legislature of Maryland, of acts
of Congress, and of many other laws which I
have not time, and perhaps, not the information,
particularly lo detail to the House. When these
gentlemen have entered on the execution of their
duty in good faith, what right or reason is there
to suppose that they are not discharging their
duty as they should discharge it?
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. MILLSON. With a view of making one
or t)vo additional remarks upon this subject, I
move to amend the amendment by striking out
<£ $600," and inserting " $6,500." I hardly sup-
pose that my friend from New York is serious
in proposing this amendment, or that any gentle-
man could be serious in proposing to deprive
these gentlemen of the salary provided for them
by law, and which, up to this time, they have
earned. I do not know that there is any just
reason for questioning their integrity or good
faitli in executing the work intrusted to them
with all possible despatch. If they do not, then
| they are liable to be removed by the President of
the United States. And certainly this House
would not, without information, without just
grounds, sanctiofr a course which, I take leave to
say, might produce an effect which I know the
gentleman from New York would himself very
J much regret. It might tend to impair the pro-
fessional reputation of these gentlemen, and I am
sure he does not mean to do anything of that
sort. Why, then, should this reflection be cast
on them? Why should innuendoes be thrown
out? Why should the suspicion be suggested
that these gentlemen are not performing the work
with that diligence which becomes them ? I ask
gentlemen to remember that professional reputa-
tion is a delicate plant, which requires tender
handling; and although the gentleman, I am
sure, did not design it, yet these innuendoes
might have the effect of producing much more
extensive injury to these honorable gentlemen,
who are employed in executing this work for
Congress, than would even the withholding of
the salary secured to them by the act of Con-
gress, and by their appointment by the Presi-
dent.
I withdraw the amendment to the amendment.
The question was taken on Mr. Simmons's
amendment; and it was not agreed to.
Mr. PHELPS. I offer the following amend-
ment to come in after the word " dollars:"
And for the payment of the commissioners appointed by
the board of Aldermen and Common Council of the cities
of Washington and Georgetown, and by the levy court
of the county of Washington, m pursuance of the act en-
titled " An act to improve the laws of the District of Colum-
bia, and to codify the same," the sum of $12,000; to be ap
piopnateA among the said commissioners in such manner
as the President may direct.
Mr. H. MARSHALL. I make the point of
order that that amendment is the same as the
amendment offered by the gentleman from Vir-
ginia, which has been voted down.
Mr. PIIELPS. No, sir; it differs from it. I
heard the amendment of the gentleman from Vir-
ginia read. This one, which I have just draughted
at mv desk, appropriates the same amount of
money, but is a different amendment.
Mr. HOUSTON. In relation to this amend-
ment, I understand that the President has a right
to determine the matter himself. I think the gen-
tleman had better modify it so as to leave that
sort of discretion in the President.
Mr. PHELPS. I accept the modification sug-
gested by the gentleman from Alabama.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair is rather in-
clined to think that the point of order of the gen-
tleman from Kentucky is not well taken. The
amendment, although m substance the same as
that of the gentleman from Virginia, differs in
form, and it may be that the House rejected the
other on account of its form.
Mr. PIIELPS. Insert in my amendment the
word "or so much thereof as may be necessary,"
so that it will not be compulsory on the President
to pay this $12,000. I desire to make an expla-
nation, if necessary, to the amendment which I
have proposed. I believe it is right to make an
appropriation for the payment of these commis-
sioners. The act of Congress to which I have
alluded provides for the appointment, by the Presi-
dent of the United States,of "two persons,learned
and skilled in the law, whose duty it shall be to
codify the laws of this District." It then provides
that the Boaid of Aldermen and Common Coun-
cil of the city shall appoint five commissioners;
that the Board of Aldermen and Common Coun-
cil of the city of Georgetown shall appoint two
commissioners, and that the levy court of the
city of Washington shall appoint one commis-
sioner, who shall advise and consult with these
gentlemen, learned in the law, in respect to the
codification of these laws. The act furthermore
provides how many of these commissioners shall
constitute a board, for the purpose of agreeing on
these laws; and it then provides that the persons
who may compose said board, or such of them
as may act on the same, shall be paid out of the
Treasury of the United States, a reasonable com-
pensation for their services, according to the time
employed by them respectively on the same.
Now the salary of the two commissioners learned
in the law, is specified in the bill as $3,000 each;
but there is no provision made by law for the
compensation of those persons appointed by the
municipal authorities of the two cities, and of the
county of Washington. These gentlemen, as I
am informed, have been engaged for more than a
year past in the performance of the services re-
quired of them by this act. It is, therefore, for
the purpose of compensating them for the time
they have been employed, and also for a reason-
able compensation to be made to them for the time
