1072
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 1.
Government that has ever existed there since the
Spanish yoke was thrown off, and the Colonies
became independent States. 1 believe that justice
is more impartially administered, that the rights
of men and the rights of property are more care-
fully protected and guarded under the existing
Government than under any which has ever pre-
vailed in Central America.
Nor is it any objection with me that an Amer-
ican by birth, whose name indicates his origin,
is in command of the Nicaraguan army. I sup-
pose that the right of expatriation is as sacred and
conclusive in the United States as it is in Europe.
I suppose that Nicaragua has as much right to
become an asylum for emigrants from the United
States as our country has to become the asylum
for emigrants from Europe. I suppose that Nic-
aragua had as much right to naturalize General
Walker as we had to naturalize General Shields.
Then, I suppose, that she had as much right to
intrust him with the command of an army as we
had to intrust General Shields with a command
in the Mexican war, or to intrust the care of our
armies to Lafayette, Steuben, De Kalb, and that
host of liberty-loving heroes who fought so gal-
lantly for us in the revolutionary war. It is no
objection to me, therefore, that a man of Amer-
ican birth is in command of the Nicaraguan
army. They have a right to intrust that com-
mand to him if they choose to do so. 1 go further,
Mr. President. It is no objection witli me that
they semi a man of American birth here to rep-
resent the nation, if he be a man of suitable char-
acter and qualifications. Whether it is wise for
them to do it, is another question. I am not pre-
pared to deny that thoy have as much right to
send a man of Ameiican birth here to represent
them, as we have to send a man of European birth
to Spain, to Naples, to Holland, or to any other
European country, to represent the United States.
Hence 1 am not prepared to admit that the fact
that there are Americans connected with that Gov-
ernment, and in its employ, changes the nature
of the question, or presents it in any different
light than that in which it should be regarded, if
the Government were entirely controlled, and all
the ofliccs filled by the natives of the countiy.
I do not subscribe to the doctrine that birth-place
is necessarily a disqualification for office, either
here or in Central America. We must deal with
the existing government of Nicaragua as the
legitimate government of the country established
by the people themselves. If they choose to avail
themselves of the services of men of American
birth to administer that Government, it is a mat-
ter for themselves to determine, and for no one
else to interfere with.
1, sir, would not bo willing to do any act that
would impair our neutral position as a nation to
aid in sustaining the Government with which
General Walker is connected. I would violate no
treaty stipulation; I would not violate the laws of
nations. I would do no act which could be con-
sidered as an infringement of our good faith
towards all nations. Yet we cannot conceal the
fact that we have great interests which should lead
us to sympathize deeply with the movement now
going on m Central America. Our interests are
involved to a great extent in that movement, and
would be promoted by its success. I am not pre-
pared, therefore, to do any act, or express any
opinion, calculated to discourage or weaken the
efforts of those who are striving to consolidate and
perpetuate a system of government similar to
our own, in Central America. My sympathies are
with that government which has so many Amer-
icans connected with it, and administering its
functions. I believe that the cause of progress, of
humanity, of civilization, will be promoted by the
extension of that American influence. Whether
it will ever lead to a connection with this country,
let time develop. If the time shall ever arrive
when they become thoroughly Americanized,
when they come to understand the principles of
our Constitution, and of our system of govern-
ment, and can administer one in conformity with
those principles, the question would arise at that
time whether their interests and our interests re-
quired annexation. I am willing to adjourn the
decision of that question until the period when
it shall arrive.
I was opposed to the Clayton-Bulwer treaty;
among other reasons, because it made a pledge
that we never would annex any of the States of
Central America to the United States, or exercise
jurisdiction over them. I was not willing to tie
our hands in the future; I was not willing to
make treaty stipulations that we would not do
that which our interest, our honor, and our safety,
might compel us to do in the future. I thought
that our children would be as capable of deciding
that question for themselves as we are now. I
did not wish a treaty stipulation pledging our faith
in regard to a point when we might be compelled,
in the vindication of our rights, and interests, and
honor, to violate that treaty. That was one of
my objections to the Clayton-Bulwer treaty.
I do not propose now to take any step lor the
purpose of annexing that country to us; nor do
1 propose to make hot-beds in which a premature
growth may bo forced into existence. I propose
that we shall adhere strictly to our treaty stipu-
lations until we get rid of them, and that we shall
require Great Britain to comply on her part. I
propose, furthermore, that we shall enforce our
neutrality laws as they read and as they mean;
but I would not go a hair's breadth beyond the
line of duty and of good faith to check a move-
ment in which civilization and humanity, and
especially American interests, have so deep a
stake.
I have felt called upon to make these remarks
in consequence of the elaborate discussion which
has taken place on this question during the pres-
ent session, and my entire silence throughout in
regard to it. I am not prepared to say that I
think it wise to adopt the resolution of {he Sen-
ator from California at this time.
Mr. WELLER. I desire to say to the Senator
that I took it for granted that the resolution which
was passed some two or three weeks ago had
been responded to by the President. I certainly
should not have offered this resolution this morn-
ing if I had known the fact, that the former one
had not been answered. With the belief that it
had been responded to, I framed this resolution
so as to call lor " all correspondence not hereto-
fore communicated," so as not to make it neces-
sary to send copies of that which I supposed we
had received two weeks ago.
I do not desiie to occupy the position which
the Senator from New York assigned me, of en-
deavoring to hasten action on the part of the
President; and I take it for granted that the reason
why we have received no response from him is
a good one—that it was against the public interest
at that time to send in tins correspondence—that
our negotiations with that government were of
such a character as would prevent a compliance
with the resolution at that time. If that reason
existed then, I suppose it does yet. When the
Senator from Illinois shall have concluded I pro-
pose to withdraw this resolution.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I have only a word or two
more to say. I think that the resolution here-
tofore adopted is a sufficient intimation to the
Executive of the desire of the Senate to see the
correspondence so soon as the public interest
will allow its publication. I presume that every
Senator is prepared to take it for granted that the
executive bionch of the Government will com-
municate it at the earliest moment when they
think the public interests will permit it to be
done. Intelligence from Central America of an
exciting and important character appears in the
newspapers of this morning. 1 doubt whether
&he mails have arrived here, but the telegraph has
announced the news.
Mr. WELLER. The mails reached here this
morning.
Mr. DOUGLAS. That may be. I think that
the wiser course for us is not to show any undue
excitement m legal d to those affairs. If the
intelligence contained in the newspapers. be
true, the British Government is taking a position
there which must command the serious attention
of the Senate, of the Government, and of the
whole country. It becomes a grave question—
too important for us to act upon under sudden
impulses. I trust that when we take our posi-
tion it will be taken calmly and maintained firmly,
no matter what shall be the consequences.
I will not say now what my own opinions are
as to the precise form of action; 1 choose to wait
until we hear from the Executive, and learn what
the correspondence is; give it a calm considera-
tion first in the Committee on Foreign Relations,
and then be prepared to take a step and mark out
a line of policy that shall carry no threats, but a
fixed purpose never to yield from the incipient
step that we shall take, nor to cease until we carry
it to its final consummation.
Mr. SE WARD. I hope the honorable Senator
from California will not misunderstand me. I
suppose he was absent when my resolution was
adopted by the Senate, and was not aware that
it had been passed.
Mr. WELLER. I knew that it had been
passed, but I supposed it was answered.
Mr. SEWARD. No, sir.
Mr. BUTLER. I understand that the purport
of the resolution is to call for information that
has not already been furnished. On more occa-
sions than one I have been embarrassed by topics
connected with our foreign relations being intro-
duced into the debates of the Senate before we
acquired information through the only responsi-
ble medium that I know in this country on such
questions—the Executive. I have been in some
measure blamed, by a portion of my constituents,
who feel a great interest in this question, for not
bringing it forward. Except, perhaps, Texas and
the Gulf States, Georgia and South Carolina are
more interested in this question than any other
two States—they are the South Atlantic States.
But I now say here, that the issues of war and
peace are the gravest issues that can be made by
nations, and I am one of those who believe that
they ought not to be made except upon the gravest
consideration. I will never countenance the idea
that we are to be involved in a war with any
nation by the intermeddling of any military ad-
venturer who may think proper to take a posi-
tion.
Now, sir, what the relation may be between
General Walker and the Nicaraguan Govern-
ment, I know not. I have no doubt that he is a
gallant man; but I will not go further; I should
be trespassing on the very line of propriety which
I indicated if I were to say another word. I
hope the resolution will take its ordinary course
without further debate.
Mr. WELLER. I withdraw the resolution.
CUMBERLAND ROAD.
Mr. SLIDELL. I am instructed by the Com-
mittee on Roads and Canals to report back,
without amendment, House bill (No. 121) to
surrender to the State of Illinois the Cumberland
road in said State, and recommend that it pass.
i\sl presume it will lead to no discussion what-
ever, I ask the indulgence of the Senate to have
it considered now. It is m exact conformity
with bills of the same character which have been
passed in favor of the States of Indiana and Ohio.
The bill was considered as m Committee of
the Whole. It proposes to transfer and surren-
der to the State of Illinois all that portion of the
Cumberland road which lies within the limits of
that State, together with all the stone, timber, and
other materials belonging to the United States,
procured for the purpose of being used in its con-
struction.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, and the question was stated to be on
ordering it to be read the third time.
Mr. STUART. I am in favor of the bill, but
I should like to have the yeas and nays upon it.
The yeas and nays were ordered; and the call
of the roll was commenced—
Mr. TRUMBULL. By unanimous consent,
I suppose I can explain the bill—I shall not take,
a minute—for it seems not to be understood by
Senators.
Mr. SLIDELL. I should certainly have made
an explanation if I thought there could be any
possible objection to the bill.
The PRESIDENT. It is too late to make
remarks now, as the call of the roll has com-
menced.
Mr. TRUMBULL. It is the same bill which
has passed heretofore.
The yeas and nays being taken, resulted—
yeas 35, nays 2; as follows:
YEAS — Messrs. Allen, Benjamin, Blight, Cass, Colla-
mer, Crittenden, Dodge, Douglas, Durkee,"Fish, Foot, Fos-
ter, XIale, Italian, Johnson, Jones of Iowa, Jones of Ten-
nessee, iVIuIlnry, Piatt, PikIi. Seward, Wlideil, Stuart,
Sumner, Thompson of Kentucky, Thomson of New Jer-
sey, Trumbull, Wade, Weller, Wilson, and VViight—35.
NAYS—Messrs. Fitzpatnck and Toombs—2.
So the bill was ordered to a third reading; it
was read the third time, and passed.
