1856.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
194T
they may be hereafter employed, that I offer lliis
amendment.
Mr. H.MARSHALL. How many commis-
sioners have been employed, and for what time ?
Mr. PHKLPS. The provision is that eight
may be employed. I am not prepared to tel! the
gentleman how many have been employed, or the
periods of time which they have been respect-
ively employed. I am not in possession of the
information.
Mr. LETCHER. As t understand it, these
appointees of the city of Washington, of the city
of Georgetown, and of the Washington levy court,
have attended pretty constantly to the manage-
ment of this business. But, at the same time,
there has not always been a full board in attend-
ance, and it is proposed that they shall only be
allowed compensation for such time as they have
been actually employed.
Mr. Ii. MARSHALL. 1 do not know who
those men are. I do not know one of them. I
do not know who the codifiers are, but J am
opposed to the principle sought to be established
by the amendment of the gentleman from Vir-
ginia. As 1 understand the law, those persons
constitute a board of review, before whom the
codifiers are to lay their work. They are to look
over it, and either approve or disapprove it.
That L understand is the system under which
you started out. You are now requested to make
an appropriation of $12,000, to pay those eight
men. Flow? Not atany stipulated rate of wages
•—not at any regular fixed salary—but you are
to place this $12,000 in the hands of the Presi-
dent, to pay out in such sums as he in his discre-
tion may think they deserve. Well, sir, 1 have
very high confidence in the President, but 1 tlnnk
it is hardly wise to place this appropriation of
$12,000 in the hands of the President, which he
is to pay out to those men in such turns as he
may think proper, for sueli time as they may see
fit to occupy in the discharge of this duty.
Now, sir, I have this to say to the committee:
I perceive, by the law, that the parties that are
employed in this service have gone into it under
the promise that they shall be paid. I am not at
all indisposed to make the appropriation for then-
compensation, whenever they shall submit their
accounts to the proper tribunal. Let them pre-
sent their accounts here, and let tlieni go to the
Committee of Claims, and let them be paid like
any other accounts that have not been provided
for; and let the Committee of Claims report a bill
appropriating a specific sum. Let these men
bring in their accounts, specifying how much
service they have rendered, and what they chaige
for the time tliey have been employed. That is
the course which should be pursued, and not
make it the duty of the President to appljr to
these men, and chaffer with them about their time
and about their services.
Mr. LETCHER. I propose to amend the
amendment by increasing the appropriation to
#>12,500. Mr. Chairman, this is a most remark-
able case, it seems to me, and the gentleman from
Kentucky argues it in a most remarkable way.
Here is a plain law upon your statute-book,
passed by the Congress of the United States,
prescribing the mode in which this work should
be done, and the number of persons who should
be employed, declaring, at the same time, tnat
they shall receive a reasonable compensation for
their services, at a rate to be hereafter fixed.
Now, what does the gentleman from Kentucky
want to do? lie says he knows nothing as to
the construction of this board. Well, sir, 1 know
notlun^of the persons who constitute this board. 1
I <io not know who tiiey are, with the exception j
of two of them. But 1 know this, that they were i
constituted by a party that is opposed to me-
that is opposed to the party to wluch I belong,
and opposed to the President.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio. I rise to a ques-
tion of order. 1 cannot sec the peitinencyo tie
gentleman's remarks to the amendment winch is
to increase the appi opriation i;500. _ _
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair is inclined to
sustain the point of order. _
Mr. LETCHER. 1 merely desire to advert to
the appointment of this board, and it seems to
me that it is pertinent to the amendment.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman from Vir-
ginia will proceed morder.
Mr. LETCHER. Now, sir, the President of
the United States had nothing upon the face of!
God's earth to do with the appointment of these j
people. |
A Member. Nobody said he had. :
Mr.LETCrlER. Did'not the gentleman inquire
who were the men the President had appointed?
The President appointed the codifiers, but so far
as they are concerned, we have already made
provision for paying the President's appointees.
This amendment is intended to do justice to the
board appointed by the city of Washington, the
city of Georgetown, and the levy court of Wash-
ington. The state of the case is just exactly
this: these men have been appointed. Theyhave
been engaged in the discharge of their duties
under this appointment. You have promised
that they shall receive a reasonable compensation,
and the question is, whether you will perform that
obligation?
Mr. MARSHALL. I have said nothing about
the appointment of theso men. I do not know
the men. I do not know by whom they were
appointed, nor do I care.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio. I rise to a point
of order. 1 should like to know what this dis-
cussion has to do with increasing the appropria-
tion §500.
Mr. MARSHALL. I am not discussing the
question of these appointments. I am objecting
to the proposition of the gentleman from Vir-
ginia, that the President shall pay these men in
such sums as he shall see proper.
Mr. LETCHER. Just at that point let me
say that, if the gentleman does not want the
President to fix the salaries of these men, let
somebody else fix them. Do not deprive these
men of their salaries on that account.
Mr. MARSHALL. I am not indisposed to
pay them. The law says they shall be paid a fair
compensation; I accede to the proposition. A
fair compensation for what? For the time they
have served. How much time have they served,
and what is a fair compensation for it? Let
them present their claim for compensation, and
let it be settled as any other claim is settled. I
object only to imposing on the President the
duty of attending to the matter of fixing the
compensation of these men.
Mr. PHELPS. Does the gentleman from
Kentucky desire to delay the payment of the
amounts of money that may be due these par-
tits ?
Mr. MARSHALL. No, sir.
Mr. PHELPS. If, then, the form of my
amendment does not meet with the gentleman's
approval, let him suggest a modification of it. If
he does not think the'sum of money tlius limited
the proper one, let him suggest another sum. I
am not wedded to my amendment; my sole object
is to pay these men for their services.
Mr. MARSHALL. Let these men bring for-
ward their claim as others do, and then we can
appropriate the amount due them.
Mr. LETCHER. I withdraw my amend-
ment so as to give a chance, under the gentleman's
suggestion, to send this claim, as he calls it, up
to the Court of Claims.
The question was taken on Mr. Phelps's
amendment; and it was disagreed to.
Mr. II. MARSHALL. I offer the following
amendment:
Provided, That the sum hereby appropriated shall he
accepted as full compensation lor the services ot said
eodi tiers 111 completing taicl code.
Mr. LETCHER. That, in fact, is a repeal of
the law.
Mr. MILLSON. I rise to a question of order.
The amendment is a limitation of an existing
law, and, as ii changes existing law, I hold that
it is not in oider.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair overrules the
point of Older for the reason assigned a few mo-
ments ago: it does not appear whether this appro-
priation is intended in full for a year's salary, or
any less time.
i Mr. MARSHALL. I do not propose, by the
1 amendment, to alter the appropriation to the codi-
1 fiers. We are making appropriations for the
I legislative, judicial, and executive expenses of
the Government for the year ending the 30th of
June, 185i, and I propose to attach to it the pro-
j viso, that the appropriation, m this instance, shall
I be in full for the services of these parties; mean-
ing, thereby, that this code must be completed,
before the 1st of July, 1857.
Mr. LETCHER. Suppose the code is not fin-
ished by that time ?
Mr. MARSHALL. I do not want this board
fastened on us forever.
Mr. LETCHER. What is the gentleman going
to do if the code is not finished in the time speci-
fied ? Resides, the amendment does not apply: to
the case which the gentleman has been debating.
It applies altogether to another class—to the
President's" appointees.
The question was put; and on a division there
were—ayes 44, noes 24.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I call for tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Cumback
and Evans were appointed.
The question was taken; and the tellers re-
ported—ayes ninety-three, noes not counted.
So the amendment was agreed to.
Mr. PHELPS. I desire to offer an amendment
to the provision for the Court of Claims. I call
the attention of the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr.
Giddings,] the chairman of the Committee of
Claims, to the subject. By an act recently passed,
if I am not mistaken, there was an assistant soli-
citor provided for the Court of Claims. I do not
recollect what was the salary fixed, but I desire
to amend so that this appropriation will embrace
that salary. Say that the appropriation be in-
creased $3,000. There will only be paid what is
necessary for the payment of the salary of the
assistant solicitor.
Mr. GIDDINGS. The increased expenditure
provided for by the bill, to which the gentleman
refers, is $5,500.
Mr. PHELPS. Then, sir, I move to amend
the clause under consideration by inserting the
words, " assistant solicitor;" change ''clerk" to
•' clerks," and increase the appropriation $5,500;
so as to make it read:
For salaries of throe judges of the Court of Claims, the
«ohcitoi, a^istant solicitor, cleik, and assistant clerks, and
mcfsenger thereof, $25,300.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. GREENWOOD. I move to strike out
the clause under consideration, and insert in lieu
thereof the following:
That tlie act to establish a court for the investigation
of claims, agaiiwt the United States, approved February 31,
1*33, he, and tile same 15 hereby, repealed.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio, I raise the.ques-
tion that the amendment is not ill order, as it
proposes to repeal the law.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair sustains the
point of order.
Mr. GREENWOOD. I hope the gentleman
will not insist upon his point.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I must insist upon it.
Mr. GREENWOOD. Well, I desire to mani-
fest my opposition to that court upon every suit-
able occasion.
The following clause being under considera-
tion:
For defraym? the expenses of the supreme, circuit, and
(h-vtriit courts of the United States, including tlie District
ot Columbia, al?o for jurors and witnesses, in aid of the
funds arising from tine*, penalties, and forfeitures incurred
in the ii:-cal year ending Jane BO, 1857, and previous years;
and hUcwne fot defraying the expenses of suits in which
the United {States are" concerned, and of prosecutions for
otTeubes committed ajjamst the United States, and for the
pufe-keepmg of pu&oners, $800,000—
Mr. GROW offered the following amendment:
Provided, however, That no part of the money liereby
appiopriated s-hall be expended tor prosecuting or detaining
any pel son or persons charged with tieason or any other
political offence m the Terntory of Kansas.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio. I raise a question
of order upon that amendment. That amend-
ment has already been carried into that bill; and
therefore it is not in order now.
M r. GROW. The amendment heretofore adopt-
ed is of no sort of use to meet the object for
which this amendment is offered.
The CHAIRMAN. This is another case
where the Chair thinks the point of order well
taken; but the committee, on yesterday, m a sim-
ilar case, came to a different conclusion; and, m
i conformity to that decision of the committee, the
I Chair will rule that the point of order is not well
itaken. . ,
| Mr. PHELPS. I appeal from the decision of
I the Chair; and upon that I call for tellers.
