1956.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
337
34th Cong.... 1st Sess.
RELATIONS WITH GREAT BRITAIN.
SPEECH OF HON. W. W. BOYCE,
OF SOUTH CAROLINA,
Iv the House of Representatives,
Jprii 8, 1856,
Delivered in the Committee or the Whole on the state of
the Union.
Mr. BOYCE said: Mr. Chairman, I avail myself
of this occasion to make some observations on
our relations with Great Britain. This subject
has been considerably discussed in the other
branch of the Capitol; but scarcely any reference
has been made to it here. I am unwilling to see
these great questions of empire pass from under
our jurisdiction. They are peculiarly proper sub-
iects for consideration here, in this the master
Branch of the American Government. I shall pro-
ceed, therefore, with my remarks.
The causes of difference with England are
twofold—the enlistmentquestion, and the Central
American question.
By our act of 1818 it is provided—
" That if any person eh nil, within the territory or jurisdic-
tion of the United States, enlist or enter himself, or hire or
retain another person to enlist or enter himself, or to go be-
yond the limits or jurisdiction of the United States with
intent to be enlisted or entered in the service of any foreign
prince, state, colony, district, or people, as a soldier, as
a marine, or seaman, on board of any vessel of war, letter
of marque, or privateer, every person so offending shall be
deemed guilty of a high misdemeanor, and shall be lined
not exceeding one thousand dollars, and be imprisoned not
exceeding three years," &c.
The United States had a right to be neutral in
the conflicts of arms which might take place be-
tween other Powers. Having this right to neu-
trality, she had a right to till the means neces-
sary to accomplish the purpose; and, by conse-
quence, had a right to pass neutrality laws. At
any rate, the right or propriety of such laws could
not be questioned by Great Britain, for she had
passed laws almost identical with our act of 1818.
Such laws existing in the United States, it was
the duty of England, as of every other Power,
to respect them. If England had sent emissaries
into the United States openly to violate these
laws, it would have been an act of flagrant hos-
tility, directly at war with our sovereignty as an
independent Power, and would have justified us
in any extremity of redrew we might have thought
proper to adopt. Her sending emissaries covertly
to violate our laws, though not such a palpable
act of hostility, is in no degree less offensive, or
less an infringement upon our independence as a
separate Power. Instead of approaching us in
the shape of violence, it approaches us in the
more detestable shape of fraud. The evidence is
conclusive, that the English Government, through
high officials in her neighboring provinces and
in the United States, deliberately set on foot, and
carried out, as far as possible, a wide-spread sys-
tem of enlistment within the United States, for the
purpose of strengthening her armies in the East.
The testimony of Strobel unmasks the plot, and
exhibits in all its deformity the odious features
of British diplomacy upon this subject. Strobel,
who was a captain in the foreign legion, an officer
in the pay and confidence of England, a witness
above exception, swears, under oath, upon the
trial of Hertz, that he and others were employed
to enlist soldiers in the United States. He swears
also to the authenticity of a paper purporting to
be a report of his operations, made to Sir Gaspard
JLe Marchant, Governor of Nova Scotia. From
that paper I make the following abstract:
" Windsor, C. W., June 18,1855.
" Sir : After having laid before you my plan for raising
troops for the British army in the United States and on the
Canada frontier, I received from you, at the Provincial
Building, Halifax, Nova Scotia, in the presence of his Ex-
cellency Mr. Crampton, Minister from Great Britain to the
United States, Mr. Preston, lieutenant 76th regiment, and
Officers of tbe'foreign legion, the following instructions :
'"You will repair immediately to the United States,
accompanied and assisted by Brs. Aschenfeldt and Reuss,
Lieutenant Shuraan, Mr. Mirhank, and four non-commis-
sioned officers, to raise men jar the BrilUh army within the
jurisdiction of that Government. You will, in accordance
with your plan submitted to me, station said officers and
non-commissioned officers at the posts agreed upon, unless
itioay, in your judgment, appear expedient to alter the de-
tails of gaid plan. You are also authorized to order back to
Halifax any of your assistants who may, in your opinion,
be incompetent for the service, or who may neglect the duty
assigned to them. You will receive traveling expenses for
New Series.—!\o. 22
Relations with Great Britain—Mr. Boyce.
Ho. or Reps.
yourself, officers, and non-commissioried officers, also,
before leaving Halifax, the half-monthly pay as per esti-
mates, in advance, for officers and men. At the expiration
of the half month you are authorized to draw from Mr.
Preston the half-monthly pay again in advance, and so on.
You are further authorised to draw on Mr. Preston for such
sums as you may requirtt for the transportation of men, head
money, Sic. You will receive all orders from me through
Mr. Preston, whom you will consider as my acting aide-de-
camp in this matter, so that there can be neither interfer-
ence with, nor interruption of, the plans laid down by you.
Mr. Preston will be commanding officer of the recruiting
depot at Niagara town. You will exercise no interference
with the transmission of men from Niagara to Halifax, but
will confine yourself strictly to the duty of obtaining men in
the United States, and of forwarding the same to Mr. Preston
at Niagara. You are authorized to employ such assistants
as you, in your judgment, may deem necessary; and are
further empowered to state, in my name, to anygentleman
bringing a certain number of men, (say one hundred and
twenty,) that they will receive from the British Government
commissions as captains in the foreign legion, and others
different commissions, in proportion to the number of men
they may bring.'"
This, in connection with the other testimony
developed on the trial of Hertz, demonstrates
that the British Government have carried on a
regular system of recruiting in the United States.
And this has been done under circumstances of
peculiar aggravation; for, as early as April, 1854,
the British Government notified our Government
through Mr. Crampton, that they would not issue
"letters of marque," and expressed the hope
that neutral Governments would enforce the
"strictest neutrality," and " that the citizens Df
the United States would rigorously abstain from
any measure opposed to the duties of a strict neu-
trality. " By this voluntary action on the part of
England, she placed herself under a new and
special obligation to respect our neutrality laws.
She spontaneously, of her own motion, magnified
and did homage to the principle of neutrality, and
invited our concurrent action; but, at the very
time she was amusing us with these sonorous
phrases of neutrality, she was, as subsequent
events show, concocting a mammoth scheme of
wholesale outrage on the very principle she was
professing to venerate.
Again, Mr. Marcy, in his reply to this canon-
ical epistle, in his note of April I®, 1854, after
reciprocating assurances of the strictest neutrality,
takes occasion to inform the British Government
of our neutrality laws, forbidding all persons from
enlisting men in the United States to take part in
a foreign war. Thus, at this early period, was
the British Government served with notice of our
neutrality laws ; and it was after this actual
notice, not merely that constructive notice which
one nation is supposed to have of the laws of
another, that the British Government saw fit to
make the United States their recruiting-ground.
The British Government, therefore, in their in-
fringement of our laws, did not have even the
poor excuse of ignorance of the law, but acted
with full knowledge.
But the offensive conduct of the British Ministry
did not stop here. One would have supposed
that, after they were detected in their schemes of
violating our neutrality, and after remonstrance
from our Government, they would at least have
suspended their operations; but they did not.
We are informed by Mr. Marcy's dispatch to
Mr. Buchanan, of the 15th of July, 1855, that the
" scheme was not abandoned after the presenta-
tion of Lord Clarendon's note of the 19th of April,
1855, but is continued down to the present time,
and is prosecuted with more vigor and effect than at
any previous period;" that " the British officers,
with a full knowledge of the illegality of the pro-
cedure, and of its offensive character to the Govern-
ment and people of the United States as an open eon-
tempt of their sovereignrights, persist in carrying on
this obnoxious scheme without any open disapproval
of the home Government, or any attempt to arrest it."
As if to cap the climax of arrogance, England
persisted in violating our neutrality after our
special remonstrance.
Now what is the excuse of England for this
conduct ? One of her chief grounds of satisfac-
tion is, that she did not propose to enlist native
Americans, but English and Germans in the
United States. But this is a most lame and im-
potent conclusion. For our act is not confined to
the enlistment merely of American citizens, but
to " all persons" without regard to their origin,
who may be within the United States. Ana in
this respect our aot is all-fours with the enlist-
ment act of the British Parliament. We have
originated no new principle, but merely adopted
the principle of English legislation on this sub-
ject. The object of neutrality laws is to prevent
the neutral country from being made the recruit-
ing ground of belligerent Powers, and hence they
prohibit all raising of levies for foreign war.
Without such comprehensive prohibition, the
sancity of a neutral territory would be a mockery.
But this pretense of enlisting only English and
Germans in the United States, comes with the
worst possible grace from England, in the face of
her own municipal laws upon the subject.
Again, the English Government insist that there
is no violation of our neutrality lawis, provided
there is " no actual recruiting in the United
States; that "British officers who,'within tho
United States territories, might point out the
routes which intending recruits should follow, or
explain to them the terms upon which they would
be accepted, or publish and proclaim such terms,
or even defray the traveling expenses, or do
similar acts, could not be justly charged with
violating such sovereign territorial rights."
This is certainly a startling position. If well
taken it nullifies our neutrality laws, and makes
them a delusion. According to this construction,
British recruiting officers may swarm upon our
shores, and move off their recruits in regiments to
Canada, provided there is no formal enlistment.
Such a consequence shows the untenableness of
the position. By this train of argument the British
Government would have the observance of crim-
inal laws to consist merely in forms—a principle
repudiated by their own judicatures, of which the
usury laws are an instance, which cannot in the
English courts be avoided by any possible device.
This is indeed a universal principle of jurispru-
dence, absolutely necessary to preserve the vital-
ity of penal statutes.
Again, the British Government say they had
no intention of violating our neutrality laws. This
is a very unsatisfactory excuse, for the question
is not what their intentions were, but what did
they do ? But this excuse is not true in point of
fact; the circumstances show, conclusively, that
the intention was to evade our laws. Between
the breaking of the law, and the evasion of the
law, there is, in point of offense, but little differ-
ence. We had a right to expect from Great Brit-
ain not «nerely a respect for the letter of our laws,
but for the spirit. In this just expectation, how-
ever, we have been entirely disappointed.
There is one feature in this enlistment question
which exhibits a peculiar repulsiveness. I refer
to Mr. Crampton s connection with it. If there
was any one man in the United States who was
under more obligation than another to respect
the laws of the country, it was Mr. Crampton.
He was an embassador accepted, cherished by
our Government, the representative of the Queen
of England, the peculiar exponent of the great
ideas and the sublime morality of the law of
nations. Exempt from the municipal law, under
the beautiful fiction that his native land still bore
him upon her imperial bosom, though he had
crossed the ocean and no longer gazed upon the
same stars in the heavens that he had beheld from
the cliffs of Dover, he was subject only to the
higher law of abstract right. The obligations of
this law were upon him with a stronger force than
upon ordinary men. He could not violate the
obligations of this higher law in his great office,
without the reprobation of all good men. I am
sorry, therefore, to say that the correspondence
and the evidence in the case of Hertz exhibits
Mr. Crampton as one of the prime movers in the
whole proceeding. We have the original of Mr.
Crampton's two letters to Hertz. This connects
him beyond dispute with Hertz, who was found
guilty by the verdict of the jury, and who after-
wards confessed his guilt. Hertz states under
oath:
" All that I did in procuring and sending men to Halifax
for the foreign legion, was done by the advice and recom-
mendation of Mr. Cramptpn. Mr. Howe, and M r. Mathews.
T was employed by Mr. Howe, and acted as his agent, with
the knowledge and approbation of Mr. Crampton and Mr.
Mathews."
Mr. Marcy says on this point, in his dispatch
to Mr. Buchanan of December 28,1855:
" Original documents, now in possession of this Gov-
ernment, show that there can be no mistake as to the
