348
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 4,
member of the Senate, the discussion which has
already taken plu.cc on this sunject has been in-
teresting. I have no dt-sirc myself to engage in
it but I desire to state my decided conviction,
approving the suggestion which has been made
bv the honorable Senator from I< londa, the chair-
man of tiie Committee on JNaval AtTairs, that dis-
cussion on tjie action of the naval boaid in indi-
vidual cases is premature, prior to an investiga-
tion and report by the committee. In consequence
of numerous applications which have been made
to me, personally and by lettor^it may not be
improper for me to state that, as far as I am in-
dividually concerned, I am prepared to do^ ample
justice to all those who may be engaged in this
investigation, which promises to be a very ex-
citing one. I am not biased in any way—either
by having voted for or against the law, or by any
personal preferences in regard to the matter—to
prevent mc from giving a calm investigation to
the subject. I move that this mem oiial be referred
to the Committee on .Naval Affairs.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. YULEE presented the petition of Matthias
C. Marin, a lieutenant in the "Navy, who has been
placed upon the reserved list, praying to be re-
stored to his former position in the service;
which was referred to the Committee on .Naval
Affairs. _ . •
Mr. MASON. 1 present the memorial of Lieu-
tenant Alexander Gibson, who has been placed
on the reserved list, praying for lehef from the
action of the late naval board for the reasons—
and they are very strong ones—stated in his me-
morial.
It was referred to the Committee on Naval
Affans.
Mr. MASON. I present also the memorial of
Lieutenant Foxhall A. Parker, Jr., who has been
placed on the reserved list in consequence of the
action of the late naval board, protesting against
the same, and praying that justice may be done
to lum. This memorial presenis an equally stiung
case. I move that it be refcired to the Commit-
tee on Naval Affairs.
The motion was agreed to.
PETITIONS, ETC.
Mr. SEWARD presented two petitions of
citizcns of New York, praying lor an extension
and modification of the laws granting pensions
to the survivors of those who solved in the war
of 1612, and their widows; which were rcierred
to the Committee on Tension*.
Also, five petitions of citizens of New York,
praying for an amendment of the bounty land
law of°M^irch 3, 1855, so as to admit paiol tes-
timony in proof of claims under it; which were
referred to the Committee on Pensions.
' Also, the petition of the heirs of Samuel White,
a lieutenant, during the war of 1612, praying to
be allowed the bounty land to which he was en-
titled, and applied for, but died befoic reciivmg;
which was iefeij''d to the Committee on Private
L<md Clonus.
Also, the petition of Philemon Paeon, a soldier
during the war of 1819, praying to be allowed a
pension; which was referred to the Committee on
Pensions.
Also, an additional nnper from Benson J.Loss-
ing, relative to the pcti'ion of Mrs. Cochrane, sur-
viving child of Gennal Schuyler; which was ie-
fened to the Committee on ilo okmo.iary Cbnns.
Also, the petiuun of Lym.m Treat, a soldier nj
the war of M*2, praying to be allowed an invalid
pension; which was referred to the Committee on
Pensions.
Also, the petition of the heirs of Samuel Adam^,
a surgeon m the Army during the revolutionary
war. pjaym^ for commutauon pay and bounty
kind: winch was refened to the Committee on
R evolutionary Oko in s.
Also, the pijitinn of the grandchildren and
descendants
one year's pay
with the reso.
1170; lijlf pov foi ^cvi-n years as per resolution
of Congress of Muy 15, 177-S; and land; with
interest on these various claims. The petition
was referred to the Commiltee on Revolutionary
Claims.
Also, the petition of three hundred and thirty
citizens of Ocdensburg, New York, praying for
an appropriation for the erection of a ouildmg for
the accommodation of the custom-house and post-
office at that place; which was referred to the
Committee on Commerce.
Mr. WADE presented the petition of Martha
Morris, widow of a revolutionary soldier, pray-
ing to be allowed bounty land; which was re-
ferred to the Committee on Pensions.
Mr. JONES, of Iowa, presented the petition
of Margaret C. Hanson, widow of Captain W. j
K. Hanson, of the United States Army, praying |
for a pension from the d.i+o of her husband's j
death to the day when her pension commenced j
under the act of 3d February, 1853; which was i
referred to the Committee on Pensions. ,
Mr. ALLEN presented the petition of Sarah |
B. Baker and John S. Williams, praying to be |
allowed bounty land for the services of their ,
father, Elisha Williams, a soldier in the revolu-
tionary war; which was lefeired to the Commit-
tee on Revolutionary Claims.
Mr. IYERSON presented the y^tition of Fran-
cis McGuiro, praying to be allowed the commu-
tation due to his ancestor, Meny McGuire, for
services in the revolutionary war; which was re-
ferred to the Committee on Revolutionary Claims.
Mr. DODCrE presented the petition of Benja-
min H. Mooers, an officer in the war of 1812,
praying that pensions may be granted to all the
officers and soldiers of that war now living; which
was referred to the Committee on Militaiy Allans.
Mr. SEIDELL piesented the memorial of the
Mexican Gulf and Southeastern Railroad^Com-
pany, praying for a grant of land to aid in the
construction of their railroad ; wliieh Avasreferred
to the Committee on Public Lands.
Mr. GEYER piesented the memorial of mem-
bers of the bar of St. Louis, Missouri, praying
for the establishment of an additional judicial
district in that State; which was referred to the
Committee on the Judiciary.
Also, the memorial of the General Assembly
of the State of Missouii, praying for the adoption
of measiues for the improvement of the upper
and lower rapids of the Mississippi river; which
was referred to the Committee on Commerce. ,
Mr. PEA11CE presented the petition of idans i
Nelson, praying for compensation lor his ser- ;
vices in the Navy and the loss of his clothing,
and also to be allowed bounty land; winch was ,
referred to the Committee on Naval Affairs. ;
Mr. FITZPATPJCiv piesented the memorial
of Susan Marlow, praying that the acts ot July
2, 183(), and March 2, 1837, undci which she-
enteied ceitain lands, may be so amended as to
authorize hci to sell the same; "which was refer-
red to the Committee on Pnvale Land Claims |
Mr. BENJAMIN. I hold in my hand the
petition of John Lamothe, who was a soldier in
the war of 1812, who assisted m uusm^_a com- ,
pany which armed and equipped itself at its own
expense. lie served at the battle of the 8th of 1
Januaiy, 1815, and received a severe wound. He
now" applies to Congress tor arrearages of pen-
sion, staling that, at the time the pension law,
under w hi A\ he leceives a monthly allowance,
was past, his position in life was such as to
enable him to dispense witli any aid from his
counti v, and he was too pioud to receive it. He
is now"passed sixty years of age, and has been
leduced by misforUm< s. Although he is in the
jeceipt of a small pens;on of six dollars a month,
as that is insufficient for his support, and as lie
is in £reat distiess, he prays that Congress will
allow him the arrearages of pension which he
would have received if he had made application
for it, when it was not necessary for Ins supnort.
I move that the petition be referred to the Com-
mittee on Pensions, and I trust it will meet with
favorable consideration from that committee.
The motion was agreed to.
ELECTIO.
pLiitmn of the grandchildren and j| Mr. WELLER. I have a memorial, signed '
of Captain Francis Lavarnway, for !. by three hunch ed and eighty citizens of the city uf i
\y on hi* commission, in accordance 1, Washington, representing that, at the last charter ■
soiu'ion of Congress of May 22, ' j elecnoa m tins city, a targe number of their feiiow-
n'S IN WASHINGTON.
I have a incmorio
citizens, legally qualified voters, w-re deprived
of the cxercic!" of the elective franchise, owing in
part to the limited time, as well as the limited
number of places, allowed by law for the recep-
tion of the ballots, hut more particularly in con-
sequence of a gross assumption ol power on the
part of the commissioners of election, who, in
: many instances, disregarded the plain provisions
of the charter, as well as the judicial decisions of
the courts of the district.
I am satisfied, Mr. President, that very gross
outrages were committed by some public func-
tionaries of this city in the recent eliciiter election.
I have no doubt that, for political purposes, a large
portion of citizens were disfranchised. In moving
the reference of this memorial to the Committee
for the District of Columbia, I beg leave to ex-
press the hope that there will be a full investiga-
tion of this subject, and that there will be some
appropriate remedy devised against such im-
proper conduct as is complained of by the me-
morialists.
The memorial was referred to the Committee
on the District of Columbia.
PAPERS WITHDRAWN AND REFERRED.
On motion by Mr. JONES, of Iowa, it was
Ordered, That the petition of the hens of Simon Sum-
itici>, d ievolutionary officer, pia\ nig to be ex1 towed comiw-
tation pay, he w-thili awn tiom tlie tile* of the Senate, and
refened to the Committee on Pensions'.
On motion by Mr. THOMPSON, of Kentucky,
it was
Ordered, That the inemoiial of Chailes A. WickhfFe,
piaj nig foi bounty land as lien-at-law to hi.* >od. be witii-
diaw nYiom the files of the Senate, and refened to tho Com-
mittee on Private Land Claim.*.
On motion by Mr. JOTsES, of Iowa, it was
Ordered, That the petition of John S. Devlin, late an
officer in the Miu^nc Coips, pranng for a pension to com-
mence at tile date ot In, disability, be witlidiSHVii fiom the
fileo of the Senate, iind refened to the Committee on Pen-
SlOll-v.
On motion by Mr. ADAMS, it was
Ordcrd, That the petition of John L. Alien and A. R.
Caiter, landoflifM-irf at Augusta, Mi^i^ippi, piaymg for an
ijieica^e of compensation, bo witluliawn nom the files of
the Senate, and lefeired to the Committee on Public Lands.
On motion by Mr. MALLORY, it was
Ordered, That the mcinoti.d of Fredenck Ohataid, a
lieutenant in tlic United Stales Navy, praying foi ccitain
allowances in the settlement of his account* as acting
pinker, withdiawn tioni the Lies ot the Senate, ana le-
fenedto the Committee on iVa\al Allans.
On motion by Mr. GEYEK-, it was
Ordered, Tnat the petition uf Adam D. Svuait, piajmg
for the roiml-uisciwnt ot a sum or money paid by him for
the i"co\i'i\ ot eeitain public fund-, w inch weie stolen
while ur.dei his eliaiie, be witndiaw n iiom the rile?' ot the
Senate, and leterted to the Committee on the Judiciary.
On motion by Mr. SUMNER, it was
Ordered, That the memoMalMitid paprrs i elating to cheap
occan p<> fiye, now on the files ol the Senate, be taken
fiom the file;, and leaned to the Committee on the Post
Olliee and i;o~t [toads.
On motion by Mr. FESSENDEN, it was
Oidercd. That the petition or Amaziah Goodwin, piaying
fur a pension, b? witlidiawn nom the file-- ot the Senate,
and lelV'iied to the Committee on Pen-ions.
Ofl motion l.y Mr. FESSEXDEN, it was
O'-de.ed, Thntthe p«;uion of fiiunuel B. I'oiter, a soldier
j ui the late war with Cieat Isntun, pra\mg toi a pen-ion on
account ot iiijUiKj- .siuleied ni nnlit-iiy ^e vlec, be with-
drawn trom the tiie^, and i eteuvd to the Committee on Pen-
sion5;.
On motion by Air. FESSENDEN, it was
Ordaed, That the p.-tinon of Jo-eph Colby, ^on and ad-
nm):<tiiitor of Llvne/er Coibv, pia\nig lor an ineiease ot
peri-ion. be wnhdiawn fiom the tile-s of the Senate, and
lefeuodtothe Comuuttee on Peiwons.
On motion by Air. FESSENDExS, it was
Ordaed, That tho petition of Cohort Moiton, repse>enta-
tiveo^ Abiiiail ruoiton. piaynnr tor a pension, be withdrawn
fiom the fitoa of the Senate, and lefeired to the Committee
on i'eii-.inn&.
Oil lpotion by Mr. FESSENDEN, it was
O) That ttie petition of J r I3ai ker , praying for a
pension, bo withciiawu iiom tlie file.-, of the fcenaie, and
lCteiTOd to the Committee 011 Pension*.
JAMES DAVIDSON.
Mr. CRTTTENDEN. I wis, li to present a peti-
tion, and I ask for what I am about say the par-
ticular attention of any member of the Committee
on Military Affairs by whom I niav have the
i honor to be heard. I hold in my liand a petition
| praying for an additional pension, and I think
I that mx'ry v ord of it is true—rather an uncom-
) moil circumstance in such a petition. It is from
I James Davidson, who was for twelve months
! cantain in the volunteers which served in the
; West during the war of 1812. I knew lum well,
; and I have known him ever since that period.
I He is an honest and upright man; now grown old
end poor. He is tilling with his own willing
labor, and with willing hands, a poor, miserable
piece of land. This is the man wiiose^ memo-
rial I piesent. lie asks now for an odditional
