338
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[April 8,
34th Cong....1st Sess.
Relations with Great Britain—Mr. Boyce.
Ho. of Reps.
to *
object of Mr. Crampton's visit to IWifax, anrt that it had
special regard to recruitments in the United fetates tor the
British service."
We have also Mr. Crampton's instructions to
Strobe], as to the mode of proceeding in raising
men in the United States; and we also have the
cipher furnished him by Mr. Crampton to use
in telegraphing. Hertz swears that upon lus
askmg^Mr. Crampton how the matter was
be conducted, he said: !
" As Car as I know, there is a law in the United States
forbiddin" the enlisting of soldiers within the territory of ,
{lie Dated States. It is, however, not difficult to evade ,
this ia-\ because who can prevent you from sending labor-
ers to Canada ; but we must take care to do this i  « 
„ way that it shall not appear in defiance of the Govern- j
went."
But there is one aspect of this part of the case
that represents Mr. Crampton's conduct in even a
more deplorable light. While he was setting on
foot a wide-spread system of enlistment, he was .
trying to lull our Government into inaction, by
representing that the recruiting was unauthorized
by the British Government. Mr. Marcy' J}*s
dispatch to Mr. Buchanan of December ~8, 1oj5,
savs:
•' He f\lr. Crampton] had satisfied me that his Govern-
ment had no connection with it, (the recruiting,) and was
in no wav responsible for what was doing in the United
States to'raise recruits for the British army. The first inti-
mation that / had been misled in this respect, reached me
while Mr. Ciampton was absent in the British provinces,
shortly before my dispatch of the 6th ot June was sent to
you."
Not merely, therefore, did Mr. Crampton, in
■violation of every possible obligation resting upon
him as an embassador, engage in the plot to vio-
late our neutrality laws, but in violation of that
lair dealing which should characterize even the
intercourse of diplomatists, he " misled the Sec-
retary of State.
To sum up upon this point: I consider it as
clearly established, that the action of England and ,
the conduct of Mr. Crampton has been in a high
degree offensive to this Government.
The question now is, what is the remedy? I
put war out of the question. The present Min-
istry of England may not have a long tenure of
office; we may obtain a proper reparation from
their successors, which of itself should induce us
to wait the course of events. Besides, we are
not without at least a partial remedy in our own
hands. We should enact more stringent laws
upon the subject of our neutrality, rtfhdering
evasion impossible in the future, and Mr. Cramp-
ton should be promptly dismissed.
So much upon this branch of the case. I now
proceed to the Central American question:
The causes of complaint raised by our Govern-
ment against England on this point are four:
1. That England gives to the Clayton-Bulwer
treaty a prospective interpretation.
2. That she has continued her protectorate over
the Mosquito Indians in violation of the Clayton-
Bulwer treaty.
3. That she has extended her possessions at
tlie Belize beyond their true limits.
4. That she has occupied Roatan and the ad-
jacent islands.
As regards the first point, the words of the
treaty are so plain that there would seem to be
no room for a double construction as to whether
its operation was to be present or prospective.
The material part of that treaty is contained in
the first article, which is as follows :
"The Governments of the United States and GreatBritain
hereby declare, that neither the one nor the other will ever
obtain or maintain for itself any exclusive control over the
said ship-canal; agreeing that neither will ever erect or
maintain any fortifications commanding the same, or in the
vicinity thereof, or occupy, or fortify, or colonize, or as-
sume, or exercise any dominion over Nicaragua, Costa
Rica, the Mosquito coast, or any part of Central America;
nor will either make use of any protection which either
affords or may afford, or any alliance which either has or
may have to or with any State or people, for the purpose
of erecting or maintaining any such fortifications, or of
occupying, fortifying, or colonizing Nicaragua, Costa Rica,
the Mosquito coast, or any part of Central America, or of
assuming or exercising dominion over the same; nor will the
United States or Great Britain tajce advantage of any inti-
macy or use any alliance, connection or influence that either
may possess with any State or Government, through whose
territory the said canal may pass, for the purpose of acquir-
ing, or holding, directly or indirectly, for the citizens or
subjects of the one any right or advantages in regard to
commerce or navigation through the said canal, which
*haU not be offered on the same terms to the citizens or
subjects of the other."
This rendered into plain English is, that the
parties shall not exercise dominion over Central
America themselves, or through others, directly
or indirectly. Yet, in the face of this, the British
Government insists that the treaty does not em-
brace any possessions which they had in Central
America at the date of the treaty, but only pro-
terms of the treaty it cannot be used for the pur-
pose of "occupying" "the Mosquito coast,"
or " of assuming or exercising dominion over
the same." It is merely a myth, and I there-
fore dismiss it.
As regards British Honduras, or the Belize, as
it is indiscriminately called, the difficulty upon
hibited them from acquiring new possessions i this point arises from the extension of the Belize
mi • . • _ _ _ i ! 1 ^ a 1 I UftifAtirl Wo nrio-irifil limite TTnirlon/J in SI Sit S that
there. This construction is so obviously in the
face of the treaty, that it is curious to see how it
is sustained. Lord Clarendon urges that, if the
construction contended for by the United States
were correct, the treaty would have contained an
express renunciation by England of her existing
beyond its original limits. England insists that
the declaration accompanying her accession to
the treaty of 1850 excepts the Belize, with its
then existing limits. Our Government insists,
the contrary, that the term, "Honduras
on
, and its dependencies," only included the region
possessions in Central America; that the absence .known as such under the English and Spanish
of this express renunciation shows that the treaty 1 « « rmpst.nn full of uncertaintv.
was merely prospective. Again, he urges, that
the invitation in one of the clauses of the treaty
to other States to join in it shows it was prospect-
ive, as the other States intended were the Central
American States, and their joining in the treaty,
under our construction, would require them to
cede away their possessions. These are the prin-
cipal arguments relied upon by England to sustain
her position on this point. But they are so un-
satisfactory they will not bear investigation. I
Aa regards the first position taken by Lord I
Clarendon, it is sufficient to say there are no set j
forms of phrases by which nations contract to re- i
linquish possession; it is sufficient if any form of !
words convey the idea. A general undertaking
not to exercise dominion over a particular region ;
requires the party in possession to give it up. 1
This principle of looking to the substance of the
words, and not to the mere form, is habitually
actefl upon by even the courts of England, in
enforcing specific performance of real estate con- ;
tracts; and this, though a set form of phrases has
been in habitual use time out of mind in the trans-
fer of such estates. Such a plea as this of Lord
Clarendon, set up before the Lord Chancellor,
treaties. This is a question full of uncertainty.
Great Britain has been for an indefinite period in
possession of a certain region of country in South
America known as Honduras, or the Belize. By
treaty with Spain, in 1786, she was permitted to
cut mahogany and other wood within the district
between the Rio Hondo and the Siboon, but the
British settlers have extended their possession to
the river Sarstoon, one degree and a half of latitude
beyond the limits as settled in the Spanish treaty
of 1786. The controversy arises from this exten-
sion. It is very easy to say what the Belize was
under the treaty with Spain in 1786, and the sub-
sequent treaty of 1820 with Mexico, and that the
character of the English possession, under those
treaties, was merely a usufruct—a permission to
cut wood, but not a grant of sovereignty, and so
treated by the English Parliament as late as 1819.
But this Is not decisive. The declaration ac-
companying the treaty of 1850 excepts from its
operation "Honduras and its dependencies."
Thequestion, then, on this point, under the treaty
of 1850, is, what is " Honduras and its depend-
encies ?" But great difficulty arises from the in-
definitness of the description. The negotiators of
; the Clayton and Bulwer treaty should have defined
would be struck from the paper as trifling with precisely what they meant by the term " Hon-
• /-N i T  J /"HI J  J., —„ J /lAnntM4>\n/iinci " Tliatr
the court. Surely,Lord Clarendon cannot expect
it to be better received in the consideration of ;
great international questions. _ i
As regards the second position, it is very clear,
from the objects and terms of the treaty, that it
was never designed that the Central American
States should become parties to the treaty under
the obligations assumed by England and the
United States. It could not be supposed that the
Central American States would engage never to
extend their limits under any state of circum-
stances. This would have been a very absurd
engagement on their part, but yet a very proper
one on the part of Powers external to Central
America. The sixth article explains the treaty
on this point; for it provides that the contracting
parties may enter into treaties with such of the
Central American States as they may deem advis-
able, in order to construct the canal. To this
extent treaties with the Central American States
were considered desirable, but not beyond.
But, if there could be any doubt upon the ques-
tion, as to whether the treaty was prospective or
not, it would be conclusively settled by the dec-
laration made by Mr. Bulwer at the time of the
treaty, excepting "her Majesty's settlements at
Honduras, or its dependencies" from the oper-
ations of the treaty. If the treaty had been
prospective, there would have been no necessity
for this exception; but the fact that it was made
shows the understanding the British Government
then had of its meaning.
I consider, therefore, that the American con-
struction of the treaty in this respect is clear;
and I am only surprised that the British Govern-
ment should attempt to set up a different one, so
manifestly unfounded.
As regards the Mosquito protectorate, I think,
as an abstract legal proposition, that England is
right in her position—that the protectorate is not
inconsistent with the treaty; because the treaty
does expressly recognize a protectorate, for it
provides that neither party will " make use of
any protection which either affords, or may afford,''
for purposes inconsistent with the treaty. Eng-
land may continue her Mosquito protectorate,
but it must be exercised subservient to the treaty,
which makes it harmless. As this is all England
contends for, the Mosquito protectorate is a mat-
ter of no practical importance. According to the
duras and its dependencies." They neglected to
do this, and hence the difficulty. The preten-
sions of England upon this point are not without
a show of reason, at least.
Mr. Marcy seems to have felt the difficulty
on this point, and he has accordingly some-
what changed the issue and fallen back upon the
Monroe doctrine, and instructed Mr. Buchanan
that the United States would contest the claim
of Great Britain to full sovereignty over the Belize
as an infringement of the Monroe doctrine. The
; Monroe doctrine is, that " the American conti-
nents , by the free and independent condition which
they have assumed and maintained, are henceforth
not to be considered subjects for future coloniza-
tion by any European Powers.'' I have no special
veneration for the Monroe doctrine. I do not
believe in laying down any rigid general rule. I
, would prefer to act upon each individual case as
it might occur. If any particular case of coloni-
zation was in the act of being made, and from
its locality or other cause was prejudicial or
threatening to us, I would object to it on such
grounds. In this way we would meet each case
as it occurred, and have something practical to
operate upon. I regret, therefore, that.Mr. Marcy
should have introduced this doctrine, which is at
| best but the opinion of Mr. Monroe. Instead
J of strengthening, its tendency is to weaken our
position. Upon the whole, so far as the Belize
! question is concerned, I would have our Govern-
; ment proceed with peculiar moderation; for I do
not consider our position perfectly clear, and the
! region of country involved is not of much prac-
tical importance, being mostly a succession of
, swamps unsuited to the white race.
As regards the remaining cause of complaint
against Great Britain, her occupation of Roatan
and the adjacent islands. This is the most im-
portant feature-of the controversy, for Roatan is
represented as capable of being made a strong
military position commanding the adjacent seas.
As a mere colony of Great Britain, it could never
become important,because the suicidal course of
Great Britain in reference to her black slaves has
paralyzed her future progress in that equatorial re-
' gion. The whites cannot work under such a sun,
and the enfranchised blacks will not, so that, for
all the usual purposes of a colony, Roatan would be
but an incumbrance. But as a mere military point,
