1856.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
were separate bills coming from tlie Senate, which,
it would require a two-thirds vote to take up.
Mr. BUTLER. You are wrong in that.
Mr. CASS. I ask my colleague, who, I be-
lieve, is chapter and verse in regard to the rules
of the House, whether, if this bill goes back with
amendments, it cannot be taken up by amajority,
and, if they be sent as separate measures, it will
not require a two-thirds vote ? Every considera-
tion which applies to the building at Cleveland
applies to those at Milwaukie and Detroit. You
have the same evidence in each ease. It is not a
question of new appropriation; it is a question
of extending the original appropriation upon in-
formation subsequently obtained. If there is any
reason why the Cleveland custom-house should
go on immediately—and I acknowledge that there
is, and I believe the appropriation is necessary—
the same reason applies to the others; and, by
associating them together, we are much more
likely to obtain them than if each one went from
the Senate to the House as a separate bill, run-
ning the risk of requiring a two-thirds vote to
take it up.
Mr. SEWARD. "Will the honorable Senators
from Michigan be open to a compromise ?
Mr. CASS. I am a.pompromise man. [Laugh-
ter.]
Mr. SEWARD. The honorable Senator from
Iowa has suggested ;m amendment to extend the
law to the custom-house at Dubuque; and since
I have agreed to support his proposition, I have
been required from my own State, during the
progress of this debate, to propose a similar ap-
propriation for a custom-house at Oswego. My
compromise is to let the Senators from Ohio have
their bill, and let us unite Iowa, Michigan, Wis-
consin, and JN'ew York, and try to get a Dill for
them as soon as possible. I think lliat is fair.
Some Senatoks. A°ieed; agreed.
Mr. STUART. Gentlemen may be able to get
up that agreement among themselves, but they
will not be able to make me a party to it. In the
first place, the Secretary of the Treasury has
refused to recommend the enlargement which the
Senator from New York proposes. But, sir, the
;entleman from Ohio says, that the Senator from
.owa yesterday morning succeeded in tabling this
measure. Its opponents succeeded in talking it
out; but, on a direct proposition to lay it on the
table, the Senate refused to do so by a vote of two
i;
to one.
Mr. PITGH. The Senator does not understand
me. When the morning hour expired yesterday,
my colleague begged the Senate to take a vote on
this question, and the Senator from Iowa ob-
jected; and, as it required unanimous consent, it
could not be done. This is what I meant.
Mr. STUART. There was no objecting about
it. The Senator is mistaken altogether. The
morning hour expired, and the Chair announced
that the special order must then be regarded as
under consideration; and this business was laid
over without any motion at all. I urged the Sen-
ate to take a vote, as did the Senator from Ohio,
[Mr. Wade ;] but the special order was an-
nounced, and a vote could not be taken on this
question unless the special order was postponed.
That was the parliamentary condition of things.
Mr. PUGH. I beg the Senator's pardon. It
is stated in the Globe that the'Senator from Iowa
objected.
'Mr. STUART. I speak of the parliamentary
effect. The special order must have been post-
poned by a vote of the Senate, in order to allow
the question to be taken.
Mr. PUGH. Let me read what actually oc-
curred:
"The President. The hour appointed for the special
order has arrived: and it will be taken up, unless the Senate
diroct otherwise.
" Mr. Stuart. I hope the Senate will take a vote on this
question. 1 do not wish to make a motion which wilUnter-
ferc with the regular order oi'thc day, but I hope the Senate
wiil consent to take a vote on this subject.
v. The President. If there be no objection, a vote will
he taken.
"Mr. Toombs. lobject.
'•'Mr. Jones, of Iowa. I also have objections; I hope
the Senate will not vote 011 the subject."
The Senator is in the habit of correcting others;
let us see if he can stand the record himself.
Mr STUART. I think I understand what 1
am about. I read that paper to-day,, and the
Chair will sustain me when I say that this subject
was not laid upon the table by any vote or by any
objection. It was laid over because the morning
hour had expired and the special order was under
consideration, and either the unanimous consent
of the Senate or a motion to postpone the special
order was necessary to allow a vote to be taken.
That is the condition of it. I will read what the
Senator from Iowa said:
" Mr. Jones, of Iowa. I also have objections. I hope
the Senate will not vote on the subject. I made a proposi-
tiort, when the joint resolution came from the House yes-
terday, to the chaiiman of the committee. I prefer that we
should proceed to the consideration of the special order,
because that gets rid of this subject for the present.''
That is it; the special order got rid of this ques-
tion, and that special order must have been con-
sidered, unless it was postponed by a vote of the
Senate.
Now, sir, the case of Iowa is no such case as
that which is presented by the amendments. That
is a proposition to appropriate money to build a
new custom-house; it has not been passed upon
by the committee. I suppose that when the Sen-
ator said yesterday that he applied to the chair-
man of the Committee on Commerce, he meant
that he applied to me, though I am not the chair-
man. The Senator did apply to me individually,
and I said I thought the committee could not
recommend it as an amendment to this resolution,
and that 1 as an individual could not ask the Sen-
ators from Ohio to accept an amendment of that
nature, to build a new custom-house, to a reso-
lution of this sort, which was simply to extend
one already provided for.
Mr. JONES, of Iowa. I desire to correct the
gentleman. As soon as the joint resolution came
to the Senate, I went to the Senator from Mich-
igan, who, I understood, was the member of the
Committee on Commerce having charge of this
subject. I asked him whether his committee
would not asree to allow me to have an amend-
ment inserted making provision for a custom-
house at Dubuque, which, I can show, has as
many claims as Detroit, and in fact almost as
many as Detroit, Cleveland, and Milwaukie put
together. He said " No, the Senators from Ohio
would object." "Very well," I replied, " if
they will object, I shall not urge my proposition."
He added, " If they would not object, the com-
mittee would not agree to it, General." " Very
well," I remarked, " I will say no more about
it." Yesterday, when the proposition came be-
fore the Senate, the Senator from Michigan him-
self offered an amendment from his committee,
proposing to make the very identical provision
for Detroitand for Milwaukie which he refused to
make for Dubuque. I did not think that was ex-
actly fair. I thought Dubuque ought to be placed
on a par with the others, when she has stronger
claims than all other places asking for such an
appropriation from Congress, as I can show; but
I was unwilling to embarrass the bill of the Sen-
ators from Ohio, unless by their consent. This
is the fact.
Mr. STUART. Mr. President, that is called
a correction; it is identical with what I stated. I
said that the Senators from Ohio would have a
right to object to the moving of an amendment
to this resolution to make a new appropriation
for the construction of a custom-house. I said
that I did not think the Committee on Commerce
would recommend such an amendment to this
resolution. I think so still. I stated that to the
Senate; and a Senator rises to correct me, and
repeats the same thing.
Mr. JONES, of Iowa. The Senator said that
tho Committee on Commerce would not consent
to amend the bill.
Mr. STUART. No, sir.
Mr. JONES, of Iowa. That is what I under-
stood.
Mr. STUART. I stated distinctly that I had
a conversation with the Senator from Ohio, [Mr.
Wade]—and of this point I wish the Senator
from New York to take notice, because the Sen-
ators from Ohio will confirm me in what I say-
in which he agreed to refer the resolution to the
Committee on Commerce, that amendments might
be proposed. The Senator from Ohio said yestcr-
day that he did so; but that, on consultation with
members of the House afterwards, he was satis-
fied that he ought not to do it, and he therefore
objected. The reason why the Senator from
Iowa came to me was because he understood, at
the time when it was referred to the committee,
that the cases from Milwaukie and; Detroit would
be offered as amendments. 1 , .... ,; .
Mr. JONES, of Iowa. No such thing; I never
understood anything about it; I did not jeno'vy that
there were such propositions pending; I fistd.iio
idea of them until they were offered yesterday
by the Senator from Michigan as amendments.
" Mr. STUART. Now, sir, is there anjf sort
of comparison between the cases ? Is the1 Sen-
ator justified in saying that he wants Iowa pjaf orj
precisely the same footing' with Michigan and
Wisconsin ? Has he got an appropriation rryide
two years ago to erect buildings at Dubuque?
Has an appropriation already been made,,and has
the question passed under the consideration of
the Treasury and the Post Office Departments,
and have they reported to Congress's that these
erections are too small in their plans?" Has he
got any such case? Not at all—notasingle Jhing
that is like it. • . . :
Mr. JONES, of Iowa. Yes, I have. / .
Mr. STUART. He has only an application
for the construction of a custom-house.
Mr. JONES, of Iowa. Is not that something
like it?
Mr. STUART. Nothing at all.
Mr. JOMES, of Iowa. Are not these new
custom-houscs ?
Mr. STUART.* No, sir, they are not new
custom-houses. If the Senator cannot see any
distinction between the cases, I certainly cannot
say anything that will induce him to see it. If
the Senator cannot see the distinction betweep ftn
appropriation made two years ago in these citses,
and one year ago in the case of Cleveland, and att
appropriation which has not been made at all, I
cannot induce him to see it. In these cases Con-
gress have decided to erect a custom-house, and
appropriated the money, and the only question is
about making the building a little larger. His
case is that of a new decision as to whether we
will erect such a building at all. If there is no
distinction between them apparent on the face of
the measures, I cannot make any statement which
will manifest it.
Now, sir, I really cannot see why the Senator
from New York, my colleague on the Committee
on Commerce, should take the course which he
is pursuing here. So far as I act on a committee
I am willing to take the responsibility ofitsaction.
I never seek to show that it was not I who did it. ,t
It is the voice of the committee to which I belong. —■
The fact which induced tho Senator from New-
York, as he says, to agree with the committee,
was the truth. What was stated to him in the
committee was exactly the truth, and it has been
admitted here by the Senator from Ohio, [Mr.
Wade.]
Now, sir, I confess that this is not a matter of
life and death, and I do not feel very great anx-
iety about it. I can tell the Senator from Oljio,
[Mr. Pugh,] however, that every single fact
which he used in reply to me can be urged against
himself with equal force. The appropriation for
Detroit was made two years ago, and the Legis-
lature of Michigan, at the session before, passed
a law authorizing the relinquishment of the title
to the ground nnd the surrender of the jurisdic-
tion . Notwithstanding this, the Department has
not yet got the building in operation. It is only
withm three months that it has been ascertained
that the plan is too small. It has been ascer-
tained, within the last ninety days, that the plan
is too small for the buildings at Chicago, Mil-
waukie, Cleveland, and Detroit. He is mistaken
in supposing that tho appropriation made for the
custom-house at Cleveland, a year after that.made
for Detroit and Milwaukie, has been delayed in
its expenditure on account of a want of jurisdic-
tI0Mr. PUGH. The Secretary of the Treasury
told me so, and urged me to write to the Legis-
lature of Ohio to have a law passed. My col-
league knows the fact, and I believe he has writ-
ten, as I certainly did, upon the subject. The
law was sent to me by mail, and I carried it to
the Secretary the moment I received^ it. I im-
parted to him previously a telegraphic dispatch
informing him of its passage. I even sent him a
copy of the bill.
Mr. STUART. That does not alter the feet
which I stated. If they had had jurisdiction, they
could not have proceeded faster. -
Mr. WADE. That may be the case, but I
