1856.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1949
appointed to many of those places ministers resi-
dent simply, and to others, full ministers. No
change has been made by the Administration in
those appointments as to the grades of the repre-
sentatives. They remain precisely at the grades
they held when the act was passed. The object
of this amendment is simply to apply the appro-
priation already made to the payment of the
salaries of those officers, giving the same pay as
fixed by the bill of March 1, 1855, though not
appointed to the grades contemplated by the bill.
Mr. HOUSTON. . Upon what principle is it
that the 1st of July, 1855, is named in the amend-
ment ?
Mr. PENNINGTON. Because the bill of
March 1,1855, took eifect upon that day as to
the compensation allowed by it.
Mr. HOUSTON. My understanding is, that
that bill does not affect any foreign ministers or
representatives, unless they have been nominated
to, and confirmed by, the Senate, after it was
passed and became a law. This amendment is
intended to bring them within the influence, and
give them the benefits of the provisions of that
bill.
Mr. PENNINGTON. Just so; and that is
perfectly right. That is exactly what I mean.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I will read the
clause of the bill to which gentlemen refer:
" That from and aftcrthe 30th of June next, the President
of the United States shall, by arid with the advice and con-
sent of the Senate, appouit representatives of the giade of
envoy extraordinary and ministers plenipotentiary to for-
eign countries, who shall receive for their services a com-
pensation not to exceed the amount herein specified to
each."
Now, the bill provides that, after the 30th of
June, 1855, all of our diplomatic representatives
shall be of the grade of ministers plenipotentiary
and envoys extraordinary. But the construction
given to it at the State Department and by the
President was that this compensation could not
be paid, under the law, to any one who held the
rank of resident minister at the time of the pas-
sage of the act, until he should be renominated
to, and confirmed by, the Senate as minister plen-
ipotentiary and envoy extraordinary.
The President, I believe, has not renominated
the resident ministers as ministers plenipoten-
tiary and envoys extraordinary; consequently,
those who at the passage of the act held the rank
of ministers resident, are still to receive, where
they are not otherwise specially provided for, the
former compensation as charge d'affaires, $4,500.
The provision offered by the gentleman from
New Jersey provides that those who have held
the rank of resident minister since the 30th of
June, 1S55, and who have not been renominated
and confirmed as minister plenipotentiary and
envoy extraordinary shall receive the salaries
severally specified to the different courts in this
act.
Mr. PENNINGTON. The gentleman from
Tennessee states the facts correctly. I have
nothing to add. I hope the amendment may be
adopted.
The question was taken; and the amendment
was agreed to.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I now move that the bill
be laid aside to be reported to the House, and
that the committee proceed to the consideration
of a bill (H. R. No. 201,) making appropriations
for certain civil expenses of the Government for
the year ending June 30, 1857.
Mr. PHELPS. I object to that course, for the
reason that the House is as full now as it will be.
I think we had better report the bill to the House,
and act upon the amendments immediately.
The question was put; and the motion was
agreed to.
CIVIL APPROPRIATION BILL. .
The committee accordingly proceeded to the
consideration of a bill (H. It. No. 201) making
appropriations for certain civil expenses of the
Government, for the year ending the 30tii of J une,
By unanimous consent the first reading of the
bill was dispensed with, and the Clerk proceeded
to read the bill by paragraphs for amendment.
Pending the reading,
Mr. CAMPBELL moved that the committee
do now rise.
The motion was agreed to.
So the committee rose; and the Speaker having
resumed the chair, Mr. Haven reported that
the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union had had under consideration the state of
the Union generally, and particularly House bill
(No. 202) making appropriations for the legisla-
tive, executive, and judicial expenses of Gov-
ernment, for the year ending the 30th of June,
1857, and had directed him to report the same
with various amendments, and with a recom-
mendation that it do pass; and that it had also
had under consideration House bill (No. 201)
making appropriations for certain civil expenses
of the Government for the yearending 30th^^ie,
1857, and had made some progress therein.
MISSISSIPPI LAND BILL.
Mr. BARKSDALE. The bill which passed
the House this morning, granting donations of
public lands to aid in the construction of railroads
in Mississippi, was improperly engrossed. No
blame, however, can be attached to the Clerk. I
wish to have the bill recalled from the Senate, in
order that it may be properly engrossed as passed.
Mr. LETCHER. I object.
The SPEAKER. It is for the correction of
an error in the proceedings of the House, which
is a privileged question.
Mr. BARKSDALE. It is a mere error in the
engrossment. 1 wish to have the bill engrossed
as it was passed.
Mr. LETCHER. "What is the error in it?
Mr. BARKSDALE. One road has been
omitted.
Mr. LETCHER. I desire to call the attention
of the House to the fact, that the bill has been
gassed here without its being printed. Nobody
ere knew anything about it. It has been forced
through under the operation of the previous ques-
tion, and has been carried to the Senate in that
way. Hence the blunder. With these remarks
I withdraw my objection.
Mr. BAR.KSDALE. The bill passed precisely
as it was read from the Clerk's desk.
Mr. LETCHER. I withdraw my objection,
but I want the country to understand how it is
that these bills are forced through the House.
There being no objection, it was ordered that
the Clerk be directed to request the Senate to re-
turn bill of the House No. 553, so as to enable
the Clerk to correct a clerical error in its engross-
ment.
LEGISLATIVE. EXECUTIVE, AND JUDICIAL
APPROPRIATION BILL.
The House then proceeded to consider the bill
making appropriations for the legislative, execu-
tive, paid judicial expenses of Government for the
year ending June 30. 1857, reported from the
Committee of the W hole on the state of the Union
with sundry amendments.
Mr. CAilPBELL, of'Ohio, offered a substitute
forsaid bill embracing oil the amendments adopted
in the Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union, with the exception of the provisoes in
relation to Kansas affairs, and addressed the
House in favor of the substitute. His speech is,
at his req'iest, withheld for revision, and will
appear in the Appendix.
Mr. C. concluded by moving the previous ques-
tion.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. I make the
point of order on the. substitute that, by tiie rules
of the House, propositions involving appropria-
tions of money must have their first consideration
in the Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union, The appropriation bill before the
House w s referred to tent committee and re-
ported back with sundry amendments. The gen-
tleman from Ohio moves a substitute for the
entire bill and amendments. The substitute has
never been considered in the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union, and as it makes
larg-e appropriations I hold that it is not in order.
The SPEA KE11. The Chair is of the opinion
that the substitute is in contravention of the rules
of the House, inasmuch Cs it involves an appro-
priation. and has not been considered in the Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I withdraw the call for
the previous question, and I offer an amendment
giving 8300 extra pay to the sergeants-at-arms,
clerks, and reporter of the Kansas investigating
committee.
- I now renew the call for the previous question.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question was ordered to be put.
The SPEAKER. If there be no objection,
the Clerk will read the amendments, and those on
which a separate vote is not asked, will be voted
on en masse.
There was no objection, and the amendment
of the Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union, with the exception of those reported
below, were agreed to en masse.
The Clerk reported the following amendment:
At the end of the words: " For salaries of the two com-
missioners to codify laws of the District of Columbia,
$6,000." add as follows:
Provided, The sum hereby appropriated shall be accept-
ed as full compensation for the services of said codifiers
in completing said code.
Mr. H. MARSHALL. It has been suggested
to me that the original law limits the time of this
board, arid, therefore, obviates the necessity of
my amendment. I desire that it be voted down.
The question was taken; and the amendment
was disagreed to.
Mr. SNEED. As it is now four o'clock, and
we are to have an evening session, I move that
the rules be suspended, and that the House re-
solve itself into the Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union, with the view, when in
committee, of moving a rccess.
The motion was not agreed to.
The House then proceeded to consider the
following amendment to an amendment of the
Committee of the Whole House on the state of
the Union, upon which a separate vote had been
asked:
For extra compensation to the clerks, seigeants-at-
arms, and reporter of the Kansas investigating committee,
§31)0 eacli, §2,400.
Mr. SNEED. I demand the yeas and nays
upon that amendment.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
The amendment was then agreed to.
The question then recurring upon the amend-
ment as amended, being an amendment pro-
viding for the contingent expenses of the House
of Representatives.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee, demanded the yea3
and nays.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
/The amendment, as amended, Was agreed to.
^.'he House proceeded to consider the following
amendment, upon which a separate vote had
been asked:
Add to the appropriations for the territorial expenses of
Kaunas the following:
Provided, That no part of the moneys appropriated by
tins act shall be drawn from the Treasury until an act shall
have passed both brandies of Congress, and received the
appioval of tho President of the United States, for the
pacification of the tioubles in Kansas, which shall, amongst
others, contain a provision restoring the restriction against
slavery, as to both Kansas and Nebraska, m substance or
in fact, as, the same was enacted by the eighth section of
the act admitting Missouri into the Umou as a State, ap
pioved March 6,
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio. I demand the
yeas and nays upon that amendment.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the negative—yeas 45, nays HOj as follows:
YEAS — Messrs. Rail, Barbour, Henry Bennett, Billing-
hurst, l>ienton, Buffinton, Chaffee, Clawson, Colfax,
Comius, Cumluck, Damrell, Deari, Dodd, Duun, Emne,
l'lagler, Galloway, Granger, Hollovvay, Kelsey, Knapp,
Know)ion, Letter, JJatteson, McCarty, Morgan, Mornil,
Mort, Andiew Oliver, Perry, Pike, Robbins, Sapp, Sher-
man, Spinner, Stanton, Tappan, Wade, Walbndge, Cad-
walader C. VVashburne, Elhhu B. Wa&hbuniet Watson,
Wood, and Woodruff—45.
NAYS —Messrs. Aiken, Atlison, Hendley 8. Bennett,
Benson, Bishop, Bliss, Bocoek, Howie, Boyce, Biadsbaw,
Branch, Brooks, Cadwaladcr, James H. Campbell, John P.
Campbell, Lewis I). Campbell, Carlile, Caskie, Clinaman,
Williamson It. W. Cobb, Covode. Crawford, Henry Winter
Davis. Dick, Dowdell, Durfee, Edmimdsoii, Elliott, English,
Euros', Faulkner. Florence, Foster/Jiddmgs, Goode, Green-
wood, Grow, Harlan, Haven, Hickman, Valentine B. Hor-
ton, Houston. Georae W. Jones, J. Glancy Jones, Keitt,
Kelly, Kidwcll, King, Knight, Knox, Kiinkel, Letcher,
Lumnkin, Humphrey Marshall, Samuel S. Marshall, Max-
well, McMnllm, Kilhan Miller, Smith Miller, Milton,
Mill ward. Moore, Murray, Norton, Parker, Pearce, 1'elton,
JPenmneton, Fetut, Phelps, Porter, Pruigle. Purvianoe,
Utiitmaii, Keade, liichardson, Ritchie, Ilivers, llobeits,
Euliin, Bust, Sabm, Sandidge, Savage, Seward, Shorter,
Whitney, Williams, Wmslow, Woodworth, J}amei B.
Wright, John V. Wright, and ZolhcoiTer—110.
So the amendment was not agreed to.
