1856.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBEf
33 
34th Cong....1st Sess.
Kansas Contested Election—Mr. Bowie.
Ho. op Reps.
a fortress, Roatan mfcrht hp of great importance. 1!
I consider the occupation of these islands by Eng-
land as a flagrant violation of the treaty of 1850.
This is cleariv the case, if they are a portion of
Central America, and not a portion of " Houdu- :
ras or its dependencies;" that they are a portion !
of Central America, is, I think, sufficiently well '
established. Their geographical position, being
only thirty miles from the Central American State
of Honduras, naturally attaches them to that re-
gion. England, by treaties of 1783 and 1786 with
Spain, acknowledged Roatan as a Spanish posses-
sion belonging to the Vice Royalty of Guatemala.
Roatan was in possession of the State of Hon-
duras, and claimed by her in 1841, when Eng-
land seized it by force of arms. These facts show
that Roatan is a part of Central America. Eng-
land, indeed, virtually admits that Roatan is in
Central America, for she claims it as a part of j
the Belize. The only question then remaining i
is, whether Roatan was excepted from the treaty
of 1850 as a part of the Belize. Mr. Clayton s
counter-declaration at-the execution of the treaty
of 1850 was, that the treaty was not " to include ;
the British settlement in Honduras, (commonly J
called British Honduras, as distinct from the
State of Honduras,) nor the small islands in the I
ceiffliborhood of that settlement, which may be j
known as its dependencies." j
By the terms, " small islands in the neighbor-
hood of that settlement, which may be known as
its dependencies," what was meant? Certainly
not Roatan, because Roatan is a large island, and
some one hundred and fifty miles distant from
the Belize. The terms, " small islands in the
neighborhood of that settlement," must have
referred to Cayo Casino and " the cluster of small
islands" near the coast, at the distance -of " three
leagues from the river Siboon." And the terms,
"known as its dependencies," could in no just
sense apply to Ruatan, but is peculiarly appro-
priate to "Cayo Casino." This term, "small ;
islands," must be construed, too, with reference
to the object of the treaty, which was to prevent j
Great Britain or the United States from exercising i
dominion over Central America, so as to com- '
■aand the projected canal. The great purpose of
the treaty would be defeated, if Great Britain were
allowed to colonize and fortify Roatan. We can-
not suppose, therefore, that the treaty intended
to leave Great Britain in possession of that island.
I consider the position of our Government as 1
impregnable on this point. The question now is,
as to the course our Government should take.
Roatan is, I think, the only point in the Central
American question of practical importance. 1 do
not think we should acquiesce in the colonization .
of this island by England. The two Governments
are at direct issue on this point. England refuses
to retire from Roatan; we insist she shall do so.
What is to be done ?
There are only three courses for us to take:
Arbitration.
Further negotiation.
War.
To consider them in the reverse order in which
I have stated them, I begin with war, and I must
frankly say that I am utterly opposed to a war
with England on this question, and for various
reasons.
In the first place, I do not think the importance
of the subject in dispute justifies so extreme a
remedy. I should shudder, in such a cause, to
involve humanity in such infinite disasters as
would follow in the train of war. It will not do
to light the torch of Alecto, and unchain the
Furies, on secondary questions. A war with
England, if most successful, would be most dis-
astrous. We should begin about Roatan, but
the contest would be elsewhere. In sixty days
after the declaration of war, our armies would be
marching upon Canada, and, by the conquest of
that country, the Republic, already too large,
would become impossible, unwieldy, tottering to
its fall with too enormous strength.
War is contrary to the genius of our institu-
tions. A republic of confederated States is made
for peace—for defensive war, perchance, but not
for offensive war. The central Government would
be magnified beyond i ts j ust proportions; it would
tower a huge monster above the States, shrunk
into Lilliputian proportions. I am opposed to the
unnatural growth of a vast central power, absorb- j
ing, under the furor of war, all the reserved powers ,
of the States, and leaving them the barren seep- ]
ters of a nominal sovereignty. Upon policy,
therefore, I deprecate war, in the interests of the
States. i
But I rise to higher ground. War is wrong;—
it is to be avoided, if possible, consistent with
national safety and national honor, justly consid-
ered. For over eighteen hundred years we have
been living under the Christian dispensation. A |
God came amongst us, and taught "peace on earth,
goodwill to all men." And is it not monstrous,
now, that, living in the middle of the nineteenth
century, surrounded by the offices and influences
of a divine revelation—never out of the hearing
of a church bell, our statesmen can devise no
other remedy for national grievances than the
sword—that same cruel and bloody sword which
the Hannibals and Caesars of history wielded,
and which has been rending the bowels of hu-
manity these chiliads of years. Shame, shame
upon them!
j The sword has been canonized long enough.
| Let us build altars to peace, and worship at that
shrine. Humanity will rejoice, history will ap-
plaud, and posterity will thank us. If we must
contest with England for the dominion of the
world, let it not be with the sword. Let it be j
with the plow, the ship, and the loom. Let us
surpass her in the arts of peace. Let us develop
our empire in the wilderness. Let our colonists !
spread themselves to the summit of our Cordille- '
ras, intermingling their hu man currents there with
the reflux tides from the Pacific. Let us dispel
the silence of those mountain fastnesses with the
hum of human industry. Let knowledge, with
her celestial lamp, illuminate every nook of our
vast possession, and let virtue and happiness fol-
low in her train. Let the bosom of our mother
earth be adorned with her exuberant productions.
Let the wheels of industry revolve perpetually
and universally. Let our ships whiten every
I sea. Let our roads of iron penetrate the land..
i Let us idealize the very continent with our mag-
netic wires, and make the earth instinct with
thought. Peace has her triumphs of more en-
during glory than those of war. Let us seek
them. Let us be the advanced guard of civiliza-
tion, passing onward, and yet onward, " Excel-
sior" inscribed upon our banners, and our motto,
" The greatest happiness of the greatest number."
Then will our triumph over England be complete,
for it will have no drawbacks; it will not be made
up of human misery; it will not be bewailed by
the sighs and tears of outraged humanity, nor
disfigured with the blood of "human sacrifice."
I Of all wars, a war with England is most to be
1 deprecated. The advanced position both coun-
| tries occupy as the exponents of civilization and
! free institutions, would make awar between them
I disastrous in the extreme. It would do more to
retard civilization than any event which could
occur; it would put back the clock of time half a
{ century. Our intimate commercial relations—
j the general spirit of our institutions—our common
I origin—the fraternity of literature, all speak
! trumpet-tongued against calling on the sword as
I the arbiter between us. And when I say this,
I I do it, not because I am in any degree affected
; with an Anglo-mania, for I look upon England as
! our great rival—almost our enemy. The oligar-
| chy who govern England, like all oligarchies, are
j selfish in the extreme. They would sacrifice and
I trample upon all other nationalities to advance the
I policy of England. The main sources of English
j supremacy are her manufactures and commerce.
! Hence, her antagonism to this country. She sees
that the energy of the northern people is imping-
ing upon her dominion in both tnese great partic-
ulars. Her fixed purpose is, therefore, to paralyze
the progress of the United States in these depart-
ments. Hence, we have felt her ill offices in
every part of the world, at the Sandwich Islands,
in Texas, in Cuba, in St. Domingo, and in Cen-
tral America. Hence, above all, her abolition
I crusade in behalf of her West India slaves. Her
; purpose is, if possible, to break up our Union;
j and, to do this, she stimulates the slavery agi-
j tation at the very time she is holding a hundred
| millions of white men in the worst kind of bond-
i age in India. She has naturally no antagonism
with the South, for her prosperity, in a very great
degree, depends upon the cotton of the Jsouth.
Her antagonism is to the North. She uses the
slavery question as a means to break up the Union.
Once this purpose is accomplished, she would
trample upon the North, and court the South.
Such is the policy of England; and I cannot but
look upon her as the worst enemy of our coun-
try. \et, even with this impression, I am averse
to war with her, because we could-not mend
, matters by going to war, but make them worse.
The policy of the United States is emphatically
peace. Wars are usually undertaken for the ex-
: tension of power. From our peculiar condition,
1 our mode of acquiring power is by preserving
peace. Our vast unsettled territory, our increas-
ing population, are the germs of our power.
We arc, within our own limits, making rich con-
quests every day; we are incessantly, and with a
wondrous rapidity, extending our dominion with
the march of the sun. Time is doing everything
for us. We have only to be patient to be great,
i I say nothing about our intestine dissensions now,
though I have the most gloomy forebodings on
this point. I pass that by, for I am now speaking
of our foreign policy. Such is my confidence in
American progress, that I see no use for a collision
with England. Time will settle all questions in
dispute between us in our favor. I am willing to
wait this decision. Holding these views I will
not listen to the idea of a war with England, if
it be possible to avoid it with propriety. I think
there is no difficulty in so avoiding it.
We may negotiate indefinitely, and spin the
matter out as long as we please; thus acknowl-
edging no adverse right and preserving peace. It
may be these negotiations may, in the chapter of
accidents, produce a favorable result. The chief
difficulty to a satisfactory adjustment now arises
from the presence of Lord Palmerston in the Cab-
inet; but he is not immortal, nor is his tenure
of office permanent: he will soon pass from the
stage. Then some more practical Ministry may
be m power. I am the more encouraged in this
expectation by the fact, that Mr. Buchanan say3,
in one of his dispatches to Mr. Marcy, that if Lord
Aberdeen had remained in power the Central
American question would, he thinks, have been
settled. There may be other Lord Aberdeens in
after awhile, and I think it well enough to take
our chances.
Yet we have a final card to play, in case nego-
tiation ultimately fails—that is, arbitration. The
British Government have professed a willingness
to that mode of settlement. I sec no objection
to that as the last resort. The stronger our con-
fidence in the justice of our position, the more
willing we should be to leave the decision to an
impartial umpire. In due time, then, if nothing
better presents itself, we can and should arbitrate
In conclusion, then, by way of summing up,
1 say no war, if it can possibly be avoided with
propriety: settlement by self-adjusting negotia-
tion, long drawn out, if practicable; and, as a
last resort, negotiation nugatory, arbitration. I
have thus, as concisely as possible, expressed my
views on this vexed question, and I now leave ii.
KANSAS CONTESTED ELECTION.
SPEECH OF HON. T. F. BOWIE,
OF MARYLAND,
In the House of Representatives,
March 19, 1856,
On the Resolution reported by the Committee of Elections
in the Contested-Election case from the Territory of
Kansas.
Mr. BOWIE said:
Mr. Speaker: After the protracted discussion
of the resolution reported from the Committee of
Elections, and the able manner in which the sub-
ject has been handled in all its aspects* I cannot
hope to add anything to the argument, or to throw
any new light upon a subject which has already
engrossed so much of the time of this House. I
shall be satisfied if, in the course of my remarks,
I can succeed in drawing the attention of thp
House to the real issues which have been pre-
sented for its consideration.
In the first place, Mr. Speaker, let us see what
