1076
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
always supposed that'it -was delayed on account
of the want ofjurisdiction.
Mr. STUART. That is agreat mistake. The
appropriations were made for Milwaukie and De-
troit two years ago, at the first session of the last
Congress; but nothing has been done in the way
of the erection of the buildings, except the letting
ofthe contracts. The Department has been en-
gaged in making the necessary preliminary ar-
rangements. The work has not been delayed on
account of the want of jurisdiction. But, Mr.
President, what I object to is the idea that it is
an infringement of the rights of Senators to offer
an amendment to a general bill that operates for
the benefit tif the United States alone.
Mr. JONES, of Iowa. Provided Michigan
comes in.
Mr. STUART. I say it is for the United States
alone. Michigan would not be injured as a State,
if this erection were not made. If there was never
a stone laid for it, she would not be injured. I
am not aware that your district courts of the
United States do the State of Michigan any good.
I am not aware that your custom-house on our
borders does the State of Michigan any good.
Mr. JONES, of Iowa. Does not the Post office?
Mr. STUART. We have got a custom-house,
and the Government of the United States pays
for the place in which it is kept, and pays the
postmaster and all his officials. Now, sir, the
whole idea of this being for the benefit of the re-
spective States is founded in error. There is no
such thing in it. The question is solely as to the
execution of the laws of the United States, and j
doing the business of the United States. The [
Senate may vote down this amendment, and itj
will not gneve me at all. I shall not be grieved !
if they vote down the whole measure; but I do 1
dislike, every time a proposition comes up here,
to have the conduct of a committee criticised.
There is not a single occasion when a measure
which emanates from a committee of which I am
a member comes before the Senate, that the com-
mittee is not pretty roughly handled.
Mr. WADE. Did I say anything about the
committee ?
Mr. STUART. No, sir; I excuse the Senator;
he has not said anything about the committee.
Sir, i-t was only a few days ago that a committee
of which the Senator from Ohio [Mr. PughJ and
myself are members, was criticised, and now the
Committee on Commerce is criticised by that
Senator himself. He says that the Senator from
Wisconsin and myself are members of the Com-
mittee on Commerce,^and we put on amendments
which touch our States, and we do not put on one
for Iowa. What is the inference to be drawn
from that? That we take care of ourselves and
are utterly heedless in respect to other people.
That is tile only inference. 1 confess that 1 can-
not see why tin's bill might not be passed like !
any other, without reflections being indulged in |
against the committee. [
_ Now, sir, what will be the effect if the resolu- j
tion be sent back to the House of Representatives i
with the amendments? When a Senate bill is!
icturned from the House of Representatives with '<
a proposition to appropriate §100,000 added to it!
as an amendment, what is the course here ? The !
Chair states the question to be on concurring in ■
the amendment to the bill on the table. It may I
be referred, as any bill may be, to a committee;!
but the question presented to the Senate by the 1
Chair is on concurring in the amendment of the !
House. Now, when this measure goes back to
the House of Representatives, the Speaker will j
take the bill from the table, and the question will i
be on concurring in the Senate amendments. The
House by a vote may refer the subject to the Com- |
mittoe on Commerce; to the Committee of the !
Whole on the state of the Union; they may lay .
i; they may postpone it indefinitely;
but still that does not alter the fact. i
Mr. PUGH. What is the practice   '
Mr. STUA RT. The practice is to state the i
question dn concurrence in the amendments: that
is the rule. A majority of the House may refer !
them, of course, but a majority there may concur 1
in the amendments at once, just as a majority !
here does. J 3
Mr. PUGfl. I ask the Senator whether it is I
not the practice of the House to refer Senate 1
amendments, appropriating money for a different I
object, to a Committee of the Whole House   I
May 1,
Mr. STUART. Not at all.
Mr. PUGH. It was done with the deficiency
bill at this very session. That bill went from this
body to the House with many amendments, and
they were sent to the Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union, where they were con-
sidered and debated for a whole week.
Mr. STUART. This is a very fruitless dis-
cussion as to the rules of the other House, and
I have no desire to continue it. The Senator
from Ohio will see that the course which he sug-
gests is adopted in consequence of a motion. The
deficiency bill, when returned to the House with
amendments, did not go to the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union as a matter of
course; it was referred on a motion of a member.
If the House should refuse to refer these amend-
ments on a motion being made to that, effect, the
question would be on concurring in the amend-
ments, and a majority of the House could concur
in them at once. This, however, is not a demon-
strable question here; there is nobody to decide
it here. But any gentleman will perceive that
when the Speaker takes up the business on his
table, and announces "a House bill returned
from the Senate with an amendment," the ques-
tion is on concurring in the amendment, and the
vote is to be taken at once on that question, unless
a motion is made to refer it; and a majority can
refuse to commit it. There is no doubt about
that.
Mr. ADAIV1S. It appears that those who are
interested in the various propositions before the
Senate are not able to agree among themselves.
Now, I think, is a good time for "the Senate to
set the precedent that whenever the Departments
or persons interested in any public work, present
a claim for the consideration of Congress, with
a plan, they must present it correctly at the start;
they must make their estimates large enough; and
whenever they ask for additional appropriations
of money, Congress should refuse tograntthem;
unless they explain satisfactorily how they hap-
pened to make a mistake in the first estimate. I
have heard no such explanation here.
_ I think all these cases stand 011 the same equal-
l Ity of claim and justice, and I would as soon
j vote for one as the other; but I am of opinion
J that we ought to teach people that whenever an
application is made to Congress for an appropna-
tion of public money for public purposes, they
must make correct estimates: and whenever they
come in afterwards asking for an additional ap- i
propnation, they shall not have it, unless they :
explain satisfactorily how they made a mistake ;
in the proper estimates at the commencement. I
have not heard such an explanation; here and for
this reason—not because I have any particular
objection to these appropriations in themselves 
I shall vote against all.
Mr. STUART. Allow me to say to the Sena-
tor that the testimony is 011 the table, and it has
been read to the Senate. The difficulty consists
in this: these points are large distributing places
for the Post Office Department; these buildings
are for the custom-houses, courts, and post office,
and they are ascertained to be too small to accom-
modate the post office portion; and hence exten-
sion is necessary. That is the statement of the
communications on the table.
Mr. ADAMS. So I understood; but I sup-
pose that fact was just as well known twelve
months ago, when the estimates were made, as
now.
Mr. FITZPATRICfC. I am not free from
embarrassment m choosing the proper course on
this occasion between my friends from Ohio and
Michigan. The merits o"f the case seem to have
been a secondary consideration in the discussion
of tnis question. I have not looked into the mer-
its of the case, and I am not informed in regard
to them. I have heard no debate upon theni^ for
the discussion seems to have been as to the pro-
priety of attaching these amendments to the bill. I
If this were a bill originating 111 this body, I
should not hesitate to put all these cases 011 the
same footing, supposing them to be equally merit-
orious. But, sir, the statement of my friend
from Ohio [Mr. Pugh] is entitled to great weight.
His friends have worked this appropriation
through the House of Representatives, and his
measure will be consummated by the action of
this body. He objects, therefore, very properly
as I think, to loading down his bill, and sending
it back to the House, where it may take the
various directions indicated by my friend from
Michigan. In this objection the Senator from
Ohio has only acted as wo should all do in similar
cases. There is not a Senator on this floor who,
if a measure somewhat local to his own State
were sent here, needing only the action of -this
body to consummate it, would not object to
returning it to the House of Representatives with
amendments well calculated to jeopard it. In
that view of the case, it appears to me that the
proper course is to reject the amendments, and
pass the bill as it came to us from the House.
I admire the zeal and pertinacity with which
my friends from Michigan have insisted on these
amendments. Perhaps, under similar circum-
stances, I should act as they have done. I think,
however, when they consider the circumstances
of the case, they will see the propriety of the
course suggested by my friend from Ohio. Here
is a measure only needing the action of this body-
to consummate it, and it is proposed to add to it
an amendment which will more or less endanger
it in the House of Representatives, or which will
at least cause delay. The Senators from Ohio
who have charge of it, can, therefore, with great
propriety, object to attaching any other measure
to it.
For this reason, (although, if this -were a bill
originating here, I should not hesitate to agree to
the amendments of the Senators from Michigan,
and perhaps those of the Senators from Iowa and
New York, if I regarded them all as meritorious
measures standing on the same footing,) I must
vote against these amendments, I only say this
in justification of the vote which I shall give. I
do not wish to be understood as interfering, in
the least degree, with a measure which may be
regarded as somewhat local 111 its character; but
I make this statement to explain my vote.
Mr. STUART. Inasmuch as there is evi-
dently not a quorum here, I move that the Son-
ate adjourn.
["No!" "no! "]
The question being taken, there were, on a
division—ayes 8, noes 12.
The PR.ESIDENT. There is no quorum
! voting.
j Mr. STUART. Then I suppose we must ad-
journ. I submit a motion to that effect.
! Tho motion was agreed to; and the Senate
adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Thursday, May 1, I85G.
The House met at twelve o'clock, m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. Damiel Waldo.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
RESOLUTIONS OF MASSACHUSETTS.
Mr. DAVIS, of Massachusetts, by unanimous
consent, presented certain joint resolutions ofthe
Legislature of the State of Massachusetts, relative
to a scientific survey of Boston harbor; which were
referred to the Committee on Naval Affairs, and
ordered to be printed.
INDIAN APPROPRIATION BILL.
The House then proceeded to the regular order
of business, being the consideration of House
bill (No. 71) making appropriations for the service
ofthe Indian Department, and for fulfilling treaty
stipulations with tiie various Indian tribes, for the
year ending June 30, 1856, reported yesterday
from the Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union, without amendment, and upon which
the previous question had been ordered.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed, and read
a third time; and being engrossed, it Tvas accord-
ingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. CLINGMAN moved that the vote last
taken by which the bill was passed, be reconsid-
ered; and also moved that the motion to recon-
sider bo laid on the table; wluch latter motion
was agreed to.
PASSENGER BILL.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. It will be
recollected that a bill was reported a few days
ago from the Committee on Commerce, and its
consideration postponed until to-day. It is a bill
further to amend an act entitled " An act tor the
better security of the lives of passengers 011 board
of vessels propelled in whole, or'in part, by
