1856.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
imnf
steam," and for other purposes. I move thatits
further consideration be postponed until Monday-
next.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. Is that bill the
regular order of business?
The SPEAKER. It is.
Mr. JONES. Does it take precedence of the
calling of committees for reports?
The SPEAKER. The bill is the report of a
committee, and was, by order of the House, post-
poned until to-day. It occupies the same position,
therefore, precisely, as if it had been reported by
a committee at this time.
The further consideration of the bill was then
postponed until Monday next.
JUDGE IRWIN.
Mr. PHELPS. I ask the unanimous consent
of the House to introduce a resolution which I
hold in my hand I had occasion the other day,
to comment on the conduct of a judge of the
United States district court, in which I charged
that he had been guilty of malpractice in office.
I learn that there is a petition on file charging
him with malpractice and corruption. I desire
that the petition may be referred to the Commit-
tee on the Judiciary, with instructions to inquire
into the matter, and that theyligve power to send
for persons and papers if they desire.
Mr. JONES. Has the morning hour com-
menced ? If it has not, I must insist upon the reg-
ular order of business.
The SPEAKER. The morning hour lias com-
menced.
There being no objection, the resolution was
read, considered, and agreed to; as follows:
Resolved, That the petition of the* member* of tne bar at
Pittsbuig, in the i^tate ot Pernio lvaina, piaym<t toi an in-
vestigation into the official conduct of the Hon. Thomas
Irwin, judge-of the distnotcouitof the United States foi the
western distuctof said State, be taken from the files of this
House, and refened to the Judiciaiy Committee for its
proper action, in connection with other information now
before said committee, in regard to other official acts of said
judge. That the said committee be, and it is hereby, em-
povveied to send for persons and papers, the more effectu-
ally to prosecute said investigation?.
COASTWISE COMMERCE.
The regular order of business being now the
call of committees for reports—
Mr.KENNETT,fromthe Committee on Com-
merce, reported a jointresolution for the statistics
of the coastwise commerce of the country, to be
included hereafter in the annual reports of the
Secretary of the Treasury on commerce and nav-
igation; which was read a first and second time.
Mr. K. asked that the joint resolution be put
on its passage.
The joint resolution was read in extenso. It
was then ordered to be engrossed and read a third
time; and having been engrossed, was accordingly
read the third time, and passed.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois, moved that
the vote by which the resolution was passed be
reconsidered; and also moved that the motion to
reconsider be laid on the table; which latter mo-
tion was agreed to.
CHICAGO CUSTOM-HOUSE.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois, from the same
committee, reported a joint resolution for enlarg-
ing the custom-house, post office, and court-house
at Chicago, in the State of Illinois; which was
read a first and second time, referred to the Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union,
and ordered to be printed.
Mr. WASHBURNE. I ask leave to intro-
duce a resolution calling on the War Department
to transmit to the House the report of Colonel
Graham, in regard to the harbors on Lake Mich-
igan.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I object to any
other than the regular order of business.
Mr. WASHBURNE. If the resolution he read,
I do not think that the gentleman from Tennes-
see will persist in his objection. The resolution
merely calls on the Department for information.
Mr.TONES. I want the Committee on Com-
merce to get through with its reports, so that the
Committee on Public Lands may be called.
Mr. WASHBURNE. There are no more
reports from the Committee on Commerce.
REPORT OF THE COMMISSIONER OF THE
LAND OFFICE.
Mr. BENMETT,of New York, from the Com-
mittee of Public Lands, reported the following
resolution:
Resolved, That one thousand additional copies of the
report of the Commissioner of the General Land Office be
prjnted for the use of that office.
The SPEAKER. The resolution will, under
the rules of the House, be referred to the Com-
mittee on Printing.
Mr. BENNETT. I hope,by unanimous con-
sent, the resolution may be now put on its pas-
sage.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. It is the law, and
not the rule of the House, which requires 'the
resolution to go to the Committee on Printing.
Mr. BENNETT. Then I hope that the com-
mittee will make an early report on the resolu-
tion.
The resolution was referred to the Committee
on Printing.
SUSPENDED ENTRIES OF PUBLIC LANDS.
Mr. BENNETT. I am instructed by the Com-
mittee on Public Lands to report back a bill to
revive and continue in force the provisions of the
act of 1853, in relation of suspended entries of
public lands, and of the act of 1846, in relation to
suspended preemption land claims.
The bill was read a first and second time by its
title.
Mr. BENNETT. It is desired that the bill
should pass ot this time. It is recommended by
the Commissioner of the General Land Office.
I will briefly explain its object. It revives and
continues the acts of 1846 and 1853, in reference
to suspended entries and preemption land claims.
There are two classes of eases provided for. 1
will state one of them. There is a class of cases
where the preemptor, though he has complied
with the substance of the law, is deprived of his
rights. Of this class there arc a good many
castas in the Territory of Minnesota. Land offices
arc opened in land districts of two hundred miles
in length. By the law, every preemptor of the
public land is bound to make his entry within
three months after the land office is opened, or ;>
forfeit his rights. There was nothing in the law
requiring that notice should be given of the es- ji
tablishment of the land office. Some of the pre- |j
emptors, fifty miles from the office, never heard I
that it was opened until the time fixed, within I1
which they were to make their entries, had ex- j!
pired. When they learned that the office was [j
open, they immediately went and made the entries, j
Ihe Commissioner, under the law, suspends those
entries, and refuses to issue patents. There was j-
a law passed in 184(T, and revised in 1853—a law j,
proposed to be again revised and continued—
which invested the discretion in the Commis-
sioner of the General Land Office, the Attorney
General, and the Secretary of the Interior, to
issue patents, to confirm rights of preernptors in
such cases where the parties were bona fide actual
settlers, and there was no dispute or controversy
in reference to the claims. They were to be held
as though their entries were made within the three
months—which was no more than what was man-
ifestly just and right. This bill only revives and
continues in force the provisions of that law. It
gives to the Commissioner of the General Land
Office, the Attorney General, and the Secretary
of jthe Interior, where there is a bona fide case, and
the fact is proved to their satisfaction, the discre-
tion to issue a patent. No new rule is laid down;
it only provides for the continuation of the pro-
visions of a law* now expired. There c.an be little
danger in trusting the Commissioner of the Gen-
eral Land Office with this discretion, for the
reason that he is the one who holds these claim-
ants to the strict rule. Every deviation from it
makes additional trouble and labor for his office.
It is not his business, nor is it likely that he will
go beyond what ought to be allowed in case of
extreme hardship. Besides, the bill expressly
provides that its provisions shall not be applica-
ble except in cases where there has been a bona
fide settlement and occupation, and no conflict of
title.
The committee unanimously report the bill, with
the recommendation that it do pass. The Com-
missioner of the General Land Office in a letter
to the committee, also recommends it as an act of
justice to those actual settlers. He does not feel
that he has any dispensing power without the
passage of such an act. If it be not passed, these
bona jide settlers will have their rig^js. forfeited,
and third persons njay step in and, deprive them
of these improvements. The proposition is jraaiir
ifestly a just one, and I hope it will be passed-.' !-
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I wish to'inquire
of the gentleman from New York who report^
this bill, if the Commissioner of the GeneralLand .
Office has seen this bill, and if the provisions of
it meet his approval ?
Mr. BENNETT. The bill which we have
reported is Substantially like the one sent to us
by the Commissioner. -We altered that by ah
additional provision guarding more perfectly the
rights of third persons. Otherwise, it is like the
bill which has been approved by the Commis-
sioner of the General Land Office. " " t
The bill was ordered to be engrossed arid read
a third time; and being engrossed, it was accord-
ingly read the time, and was subsequently passed. -
Mr. BENNETT moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill wag passed, and also moved tt>
lay the motion to reconsider upon the table; which
latter motion was agreed to.
Mr. BENNETT. I have two or three more
bills to report, some of which are railroad bills.
But there is a general desire to have the bounty
land bill brought up as early as possible. The
committee have not agreed to some of the amend-
ments of the Senate to that bill, and it may be
necessary to send the bill back to the Senate.'
Mr. PHELPS. Then I hope the gentleman
will yield the floor to some gentleman who lias
that till.
Mr. BENNETT. I will yield for that pur-
pose.
BOUNTY LAND BILL.
Mr. BRENTON. I am instructed by the
Committee on Public Lands to report back House
bill (No. 8.) to amend the act in addition to cer-
tain acts granting bounty land to certain officers
and soldiers who have been engaged in the mili-
tary service of the United States, approved March
3d, 1855.
The committee also make the following report:
The Committee on Public Lands, to whom was referred
House bill No. 8, with the amendments* of the Senate^
having had the same under consideration, would respect-
fully report: That they recommend that the amendment
of the Senate be amended by striking out sections five and
six of said amendment, and that section eight of paid
amendment be amended by striking tat the woids " three
sections,'-* arid inserting instead thereof the word " sec-
tion and that said amendment be further amended by
adding the following additional section :
Sec. —. Ani be it further enacted, That whenever the
term u mmois," m this or any act granting bounty kinds,
shall be u ed, it shall be coiistiued to include ail those who
were minors at the time said acts severally took effect.
The SPEAKER stated that the first question
was upon the adoption of the first amendment
recommended by the Committee on Public Lands,
which is, to strike out so much* of the Senate
amendments as is included in sections five and
six.
The fifth and sixth sections of the amendment
of the Senate were read, as follows:
Sec. 5. And he it further enacted, That clerks and other
assistant* of quartermasters, commissaries, paymasters,
surgeons, and assistant surgeons, together with artificers,
tliewservants of officers, and other persons employed in or
about the camps of the Army of the United States, as well
as artificers, tiie servants of naval officers, and all other
perr-ons employed on boaid of the armed vessels of the
United States, in the revenue cutters in service as vessels
of war or blockade in any of the wars specified in the first
section of the act to which this is an amendment, shall be
entitled to the benefits of the said act: Provided, That all
such peiaons were subject to military law whilst engaged
in service.
Sec. 6. Andbe it further enacted^ That the provisions of
the said act shall extend to all officers, non-commissioned
officers, m tit-icians, and piivates, of the militia or volunteer
forces of any State or Territory who were mustered into
the military service of the United State?, pursuant to any
requisition or call from a gencial officer commanding
an army or military department of the United States, in
expectation of any concerted insurrection ot the Indians,
or armed invasion from abroad.
Mr. BRENTON. I would like to have a sep-
arate vote upon striking out cach of these sections.
Mr. ZOLLICOFFER. I would inquire of the
Chair whether it is in order to move to postpone
the further consideration of this bill for the pres-
ent ?
The SPEAKER. It is.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I hope my col-
league will not make that motion. We may as
well act upon the bill now as any time; and it is
important that it .should be passed.
Mr. ZOLLICOFFER.: r will not press it.
