i&!8
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 1,
Mr. JONES. The bounty land law of March
3, 1855, requires all persons applying for the
benefits of that act, to establish the services upon
■which their applications are made by record evi-
dence. This bill, as it passed the House and was
sent to the Senate, simply provided for the repeal
of so much of the act of 1855 as required that the
services should be established by record evidence.
If, sir, the Senate had passed the bill, and it had
become a law in the shape in which it passed the
House, we should have had all the rules pre-
scribing how parol proof should be'received fixed
by the Commissioner of Pensions, under the
supervision of the Secretary of the Interior.
But, sir, the Senate thought differently. They
proposed to strike out the bill as it passed this
House, and have returned here some nine sec-
tions as an amendment in lieu of the House bill.
The first section of the amendment provides that,
if any person heretofore received bounty land
under any one of the previous acts, the evidence
on which such bounty land was granted, shall be
taken to establish his right to benefit under the
act of 1855, unless, upon review of such evidence,
there shall appear to be some fraud in the making
out of that proof. That, sir, is but what the
Pension Office would have prescribed under the
House bill.
The second section provides that, if any person
has been granted'a pension, the evidence on which
such pension was granted shall, in like manlier,
be taken to establish his right to land under the
bounty act of 1855, unless, upon review of the
same, there shall appear to be some fraud in the
case.
The third section of this amendment provides
that the requirement of record evidence shall be
repealed, and that parol proof shall be received.
That, sir, covers the main feature and objects of
the bill as it passed the House.
The fourth section provides for the extension
of the benefits of the act of 1855 to the officers,
marines, seamen, and other persons engaged in
the naval service of the United States d,uring the
revolutionary war, and to their widows and minor
children. That, sir, I think, is well enough. If
the bill, as passed by the House, is to be amended I
at ail, I would not object to that provision. |
The next sections—the fifth and sixth—are J
those which the "Committee on Public Lands i
proposes to strike out. In that recommendation |
I concur with them. I think these two sections I
should be stricken out. But I also think that the |
seventh section should likewise be stricken out;
I think it more important that it should be
stricken out, than that the fifth and sixth should
be.
What, sir, is this seventh section ? It is:
That the provisions of" tiie said net shall extend to all
persons wJio h.ive r-oived voluntceis with the armed
forces of tile United States, s-uljjret to military ouier^, ioi
the space 0/ foiutecji davs in an) of tiio w.its spmficd m
tiie liiht section oi l!io said act, whether sueii peii-ons were
or were not mustered into the .service ol tljo United States.
This, sir, extends to all persons who have
volunteered and been in service fourteen days,
whether they were mustered into the service or
not. In my opinion its effect will be to open the
door wirier for fraud and perjury, than perhaps
any other provision that could possibly be adopted
and incorporated into this bill.
Why, sir, the Department will have to rely
alone on parol proof; and what sort of proof
they can prescribe in such cases I am unable to
conceive. It gives facilities for fraud by which
any person may come forward and establish a
claim to bounty land. I would therefore move,
sir, to amend the recommendation of the Com-
mittee on Public Lands, by including therein the
seventh section, so as to strike out the fifth,
and seventh sections of the amendment.
lhe eighth section is:
That the widows and minor children of all such per-
sons a, aie specified in the last three sections of "h" ae-
and are now dead, shall be entitled to the same pnvile es
as the widows and minor children of the beneficianes named
in the act to which this is an amendment.
Then, sir, I understand.that the committee pro-
poses to amend the section so as to include the
minor children of all persons who were provided
for by the acts of 1850 and 1852, and who were
minor children at the time of these acts respect-
ively; going back in the one case—that of 1850 
six years. X cannot see the necessity of that
lomendment.
Mr. BRENTON. If the gentleman will allow
me a moment, I will state that the object of that
section is to entitle persons who w.ere minors at
the time of the passage of any actgranting bounty
land, to the benefit of such act. There is an ad-
ditional section proposed by the committee to this
bill, so as to give to all persons who were minors
at the time the law passed, the benefits of the law.
Mr. JONES. It seems to me that it would be
equally just to extend it to the children of all those
who were entitled to it,in case their fathers, who
had rendered the service, were dead. Why stop
and give it to the child who is twenty-five, twenty-
six, or twenty-seven years of age, and exclude
the others ? If you pass that provision, it makes
a new law. I can see no propriety or justice in
going back at all, unless you go back and include
all the children, which I think would be impolitic.
Mr. COBB, of Alabama. Perhaps, if the gen-
tleman will allow me, I can satisfy him of the
propriety of that amendment.
Mr. JONES. You can explain it in a moment.
Mr. COBB. I have no wish to make a speech;
but I want to show the propriety of the amend-
ment.
Mr. JONES. The ninth section proposes to so
amend the law as to compute the travel to where
persons shall have been mustered into service,if
it be more than twenty miles, to where the com-
panies or regiments were organized; and also to
include into "the computation or making up of the
fourteen days' service the travel home, if they
shall have been discharged at more than twenty
miles distance from the place where they were
organized into companies, battalions, or regiments.
That, sir, I shall not object to; I think perhaps
it would be well enough to retain that section.
The former law was so amended as to include
travel, and this is only in compliance with the
provision of that law.
I move, sir, to amend the amendment of the
Committee on Public Lands by including in it
the seventh section; and I shall vote against the
proposition they make to extend the law of 1850
to those who were minors at that day.
Mr. BRENTON. The Committee on Public
Lands have had before them propositions of al-
most every conceivable kind for the amendment
of the bounty land law—in the form of petitions,
and memorials, and of bills, covering all con-
ceivable cases; and they have given careful and
full consideration to every case presented, on its
own merits, and will be prepared to report on all
the petitions, memorials, and bills of the House,
presented on the question. •The first three sec-
tions of the Senate's amendment are simply de-
signed to perfect the law as it now is, and arc, in
the judgment of the committee, right. The fifth
and sixth sections, which are designed to enlarge
the provisions of the bounty land law to an almost
unlimited extent, theyhaveconceired to be wrong.
I pass by the tourtli section. It provides, it, is
true, for an enlargement of the provisions of
sons who aie so limited in number that we did
former laws, but it is confined to a class of per-
not think proper to make any opposition to it.
It is confined to officers, seamen, and marines who
were engaged in the naval service of the United
States during the revolutionary war; and few of
them are left now. It also embraces widows and
minor children; but we presumed tlierc were no
minor children.
The fifth and sixth sections, which, according
to the recommendation of the Committee on Pub-
lic Lands, are to be stricken out, enlarge to an
almost unlimited extent the provisions of the
bounty land laws.^ They embrace almost every
class and description of persons who have had
any connection with any of our wars, oven mere
hangers-on of the Army and Navy; and not only
so, but they would embrace, according to my in-
terpretation of the language, the clerks engaged
in the Quartermaster General's ofiice at home,
they having been subject to military rule at the
time, though rendering no service whatever, ex-
cept that which.they rendered in their office at
home. Teamsters, hucksters, servants, and every
other species of hangers-on, would also be in-
cluded.
The gentleman from Tennessee [Mr. Jones]
moves to strike out also the seventh section.
That subject was discussed by the committee,
ana they agreed to report in favor,of retaining
the section, inasmuch as petition after petition
had been presented hero in favor of persona
who had never been formally and regularly
mustered into the service of the United States,
but who held themselves in readiness to be mus-
tered into the service. They made all the sacri-
fices, and incurred all the expenses, necessary to
a regular enrollment; and, in the opinion of the
committee, they are as much entitled to the
bounty of the Government as those who were
regularly mustered into the service. This pro-
vision is in accordance with numerous petitions
which have been presented asking for compensa-
tion on the part of those who have volunteered
in different States. I hope, therefore, that the
amendment of the gentleman from Tennessee
will not prevail.
I do not, Mr. Speaker, intend to consume the
time of the House by any extended remarks upon
this subject. I do not wish to deprive gentlemen
who may wish to offer amendments of that priv-
ilege; but I can see no necessity for any length-
ened discussion upon the subject, and I had
thought of calling the previous question upon it;
but, inasmuch as I understand there are a num-
ber of gentlemen Who desire to propose amend-
ments, I am willing that they shall have that
privilege, and I therefore, for the present, decline
to call the previous question.
Mr. READY. It is my misfortune to differ
both with my colleague on my right [Mr. Jones]
and with the committee which reported this bill.
According to the view which I take of the sub-
ject, the first and second sections of the Senate's
amendments are important and necessary to the
dispensation of full justice to those who tire en-
titled to claim the bounty of the Government,
and to carry out the beneficent intentions of Con-
gress in the passage of the bounty land law. As
I understand the construction which has been
given by the Commissioner of Pensions; and by
the Secretary of the Interior to our bounty land
law, the testimony which has been taken and is
on file in the office, upon a previous application,
by the soldier; or his widow; or minor children,
as the case maybe, for less than one hundred and
sixty acres of bounty land under a previous law,
or for a pension under a previous law, is disre-
garded, and will be disregarded m future appli-
tions, unless some such provisions as those con-
tained in the first and second sections of the Senate
amendments be adopted; and it is done upon a
plain legal principle, in which I am bound to
admit there is a good deal of force. The legal
principle is this: If A have separate suits pend-
liig against B and C, yet depending on the same
facts, he takes the testimony of Ins witnesses in
writing in one suit, but he cannot read that testi-
mony to control the second, unless by agreement
of the parties. He must take all his testimony
de novo—either by deposition, or by bringing his
witnesses into court in person.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. If the gentleman
will permit me, I will slate what I know upon
that subject. I know that where widows of sol-
diers applied under the acts of 1850 and 1852, and
established the fact of their marriage, snd of the
death of their husbands, they are not required to
furnish any proof touching such marriage and
death m their applications under the law of 1855.
It is only required that the widow shall furnish
the proof of her identity at the time of her ap-
plication. The proof touching her marriage and
the death of her husband, taken under the acts
of 1850 and 1852, is received as valid under the
act of 1855. 1 know that to be the fact.
Mr. READY. I must say that my informa-
tion is very different, and I will state to my col-
league that my information was obtained from
the present Commissioner of Pensions himself.
But whether the construction stated by my col-
league be the one adopted or not, the first and
I second sections of this bill can do no harm. At
I all events, they v/ill only insure the carrying out
t of the object sought in the passage of the act of
| 1855.
But it was not in regard to this question that
I mainly desired to address the House. I differ
| with the Committee on Public Lands, which has
! reported this bill, in regard to the propriety of
| striking out the sixth section of this bill, i be-
! lieve that probably the fifth section ought to be
stricken out, and 1 shall vote in accordance with
j the recommendation of the committee as to that
; section. But the fifth section, as 1 understand it,
