1856.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
M 79
embraces a class of persons wlio have rendered
military service to the country of a meritorious
and important character, who are not embraced
by any other law, and who cannot receive the
benefits of any of the bounty land laws unless
some provision similar to this is adopted by Con-
gress.
Now, sir, in 1803-'4 for example, when the
United States were about to take possession of the
Louisiana territory, after it had been purchased
from or ceded by Prance, troops were called out
by the proper authorities of the country. 1 am
not certain of the number which were called out
in my own State under General Wilkinson, who
was then in command of the southern division of
the army. They were called into service in pur-
suance of instructions given by the War Depart-
ment. They left their homes at great sacrifice, and
descended the Mississippi river and its tributaries
as far as Natchez. They were discharged, and
placed under the necessity of marching home by
land through a wilderness infested with savages
and wild beasts. They were three months in
actual service—perhaps for a longer period. Al-
though there was no war existing at the time—
although they performed no service in the field,
yet their service was deemed important by the
Government, and therefore they were called out.
Perhaps the fact that they were ready to serve in
the field may have prevented collisions in that
country. I hold that this class of persons are as
meritorious, perhaps more so than some others
provided for by our bounty land laws—more so,
it may be, than those provided for by the seventh
section of this bill, which the committee recom-
mends should be adopted.
A Member. Who was the commanding offi-
cer ?
Mr. READY. General Wilkinson was the
regular officer in command. The regiment was
under the command of Colonel, now General,
Hall, of Tennessee, or Colonel Dougherty. Gen-
eral Hall was an officer in command in the cam-
paign.
I&r. JONES. Does my colleague refer to the
troops which went down to Louisiana m 1804 ?
Mr. READY. I do.
Mr. JONES. That regiment was under the
command of Colonel Dougherty; and by the pro-
vision of the first section of the Senate amend-
ment, if it pass, those men can get bounty land
under the act of 1855.
Mr. READY. If the sixth section be passed,
I am sure they will be entitled to it; and I have
doubts whether they will be under the construc-
tion of the Secretary of the Interior of the act of
1855.
In reference to the seventh section, which my
colleague proposes to strike out, I have only to
say that it embraces a class of persons who,
perhaps, ought to be the recipients of the bounty
of this Government. It is known probably to
every member of this House that requisitions
have been made, from time to time, on the Gov-
ernors of several States for troops, which were
called into service and discharged before they
were actually mustered into it, or within a very
few days afterwards. For instance: during the
war between Texas and Mexico, General Gaines,
who was in the command of the southern portion
of the ajmy of the United States, apprehending
an invasion of our soil by the troops of Mexico,
called on some of the Governors for troops to
march to his assistance. They were sent to him,
some going a greater, and others a less, distance.
Some, to my own knowledge, went two hundred
miles. They were mustered into the service, and
made all the sacrifices they were called on to
make. They were discharged, and returned to
their homes. This seventh section embraces per-
sons of this description; and if ifris the intention
of Congress to provide for those who have served
their country, and made sacrifices for it, I do not
see why those are not as meritorious as others
provided for. I move the postponement of the
bill to some day of next week—say Tuesday—
so that those members who have not had an op-
portunity may examine it.
Mr. SANDIDGE. I desire to ask a question
of the Chair, for I think the House will be con-
tent to procced with the bill if we can take some
action on the first amendment, of the committee.
I ask what is the first recommendation of the
Committee on Public Lands ?
The SPEAKER. The Chair will state the
question. The bill comes back from the Senate
with an amendment in the nature of a substitute.
The bill and amendment were referred to the
Committee on Public Lands. That committee
recommend a concurrence in the amendment of
the Senate with two amendments. The first to
strike out the fifth and sixth sections of the
Seriate amendment; and the second to add an ad-
ditional section. The gentleman from Tennessee
[Mr. Jones] moves to amend by striking out the
seventh section of the amendment of the Senate.
Mr. SANDIDGE. I have not heard a word
against striking out the fifth section.
Mr. CLINGMAN. Is debate in order pending
a motion to postpone? I have no objection to a
postponement of the bill, or to vote on it; but I
do think debate is now out of order.
The SPEAKER. Debate is not in order.
Mr. READY. My motion is, that the further
consideration of the bill be postponed until Tues-
day next.
Mr. JONES. We are just as well prepared
to dispose of the bill now as we shall be then.
Mr. SANDIDGE. I do not wish to speak to
this question of postponement. I am willing that
the House should dispose of that matter. The
bill is now before the House, and I think it is
best that we should decide upon it now. After
the House shall have decided upon the question
of postponement, I should like to say something
upon the recommendation made by the Committee
on Public Lands to this House; but I yield now,
that the question may bo taken upon the motion
of the gentleman from Tennessee to postpone its
further consideration.
Mr. COBB, of Georgia. I desire to say a word
to the fiiends of this bill upon the question of
postponement. If the consideration of this bill is
postponed until Tuesday next, it does not come
up as a special order; nor does it come up as a
matter of course. And I suggest to the friends
of the bill, that if they desire to pass it, either
with or without the amendments of the Senate,
they had better insist upon action at this time.
The gentleman from Indiana, who reported this
bill from the Committee on Public Lands, has
stated to the House what the committee propose;
and I trust the House will sustain the Committee
on Public Lands in the course of policy which
they hnve marked out; which is, to dispose of
these various questions which have been suggested
in argument, when they come up in other bills.
This bill, as it originally passed the House, con-
templated an amendment of the bounty land law
but in one particular, and that an important one.
I trust the friends uf other amendnn nts will con-
sent to act upon them hereafter, and that we will
now dispose of this bill, and of the amendments
of the Senate, without considering other amend-
ments.
I make this appeal to the friends of the bill
because I believe a postponement, coupled with
an effort to incorporate into this bill the provisions
which various members of the House desire—
and some of which I confess I also desire to see
passed by Congress—will, perhaps, defeat the
whole bill, and you will lose all the provisions
which you now desire to pass by this bill. In
order to test the sense of the House, and to see
whether the majority are preparjjj now to act
upon the bill, and to pass it with or without the
amendments of the Senate, I move the previous
question. My object is to cut otf the motion to
postpone, and to bring the House to a direct
vote upon the report of the Committee on Public
Lands.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. Will the gen-
tleman from Georgia withdraw that motion for a
moment, that I may offer an amendment before
the previous question is called?
Mr. COBB. No amendment is in order.
Mr. BRENTON. I desire, before the morning
hour has expired, if the gentleman from Georgia
will withdraw his motion temporarily, to move
to recommit the bill.
Mr. CLINGMAN. The previous question is
called, and that will keep it up.
Mr. H. MARSHALL. Upon seconding the
demand for the previous question, I call for tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. H. Mar-
shall and Chaffee %vere appointed.
The House was divided, and the tellers re-
ported—ayes 77, noes 45.
So the'previous question"tfas stecqftded.. --
Mr. TRIPPE. I desire to propound a ques-
tion to the Chair. If the House no worderthe
main question to be put, will not ita bp^ra&Sii
extend to every amendment of the' Senate,, to
every question before the House; and prevent '
the offering of any further amendments wha,t-
ever ?' - ' - "
The SPEAKER. If the main question-be
now ordered, the question will be first upon the
amendment of the gentleman from Tennessee
[Mr. Jones] to the amendment reported by the
Committee on Public Lands; then upon the
amendment reported by the committee j and then
upon the amendment of the Senate, which is in
the nature of a substitute. , ;
Mr. TRIPPE. And it will not be in the power
of the House to propose anv further amendiri^nt?
The SPEAKER. It will not be.
Mr. TRIPPE. And we take the bill as a to-
tality, or not at all.
The main question was then ordered to be put.
Mr. SNEED. 1 ask for a division of the vote
on the ditferent sections of the amendment, if in
order. I desire a separate vote upon them.
Mr. H. MARSHALL. I move to reconsider
the vote by which the previous question was
ordered.
Mr. CLINGMAN. I move to lay that motion
on the table.
Mr. H. MARSHALL. The gentlemaa can
make that motion when he gets the floor. ' ■
Mr. CLINGMAN. The gentleman is not en-
titled to keep the floor, his motion not being'de-
batable. - -
Mr. H. MARSHALL. Yes, it is. I can state
to the House, in order that the House may under-
gtand
The SPE AKER. Debate is not in ordfcr. The
gentleman from Kentucky will state for what pur-
pose he rises.
Mr. H. MARSHALL. I rise for the purpose
of stating why I move to reconsider.
The SPEAKEPv.. That is not in order.
Mr. H. MARSHALL. I do not wish the
House to tie its hands. [Cries of "Order.!"
" Order!"]
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I ask whether
the gentleman voted with the majority?
The SPEAKER. There was no division, and
it is impossible for the Chair to answer t^at
question. • - *
The question was taken on Mr. Clingman's
motion, and it was agreed to.
So the motion to reconsider was laid upon the
table.
Mr. SNEED. X still insist—if it be in order—
that voles shall be taken on these different
sections separately.
The SPEAKER. The division will be ordered,
the Chair understanding the question proposed
to be divisible.
The SPEAKER stated the first question to be
on Mr. Jones's amendment to the amendment of
the Committee on Public Lands.
Mr. JONES. Perhaps the question would be
better understood by the House if we should first
vote on the amendment of the committee, striking
out the fifth and sixth sections, and then on my
amendment striking out the seventh.
The SPEAKER. That is reversing the order,
but if there be no objection the Chair will state
the question in that manner.
Objection was made.
Mr. FLORENCE. If there be o division of
the question, and the vote be taken on the amend-
ment, does the previous question exhaust itself,
and is an amendment to any particular section
of the amendment in order'?
The SPEAKER. No amendment can be pro-
posed until the House pass upon the bill itself.
The question was taken on Mr. Joxes's amend-
ment to the amendment proposed by the Com-
mittee on Public Lands, and it was rejected.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Ten-
nessee [Mr Stir.En] having called for a division
before the House ordered the previous question,
the Chair is of opinion that he has a right to
such division unless there be something in the
amendment which may render a division incom-
patible.
Mr. WALKER. I call for the yeas and nays
on the vote on each of those sections of -the bill.
The yeas and nays were ordered on the first
