THE CONGKESSIONAL GLOBE.
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN C. RIVES, WASHINGTON, D.. C.
Thirty-Fourth Congress, 1st Session.
FRIDAY, AUGUST 8, 1856.
New Series....No. 123*]
reserved list, subject, to be called for, it is true,
•whenever the Government wanted them; but
some of those men who are now calling for this
money never struck one lick, never fired a gun,
and probably some of them never remained in the
service after the resolution of 1780 was passed.
After the battle of Yorktown, in 1781, the war
was practically over, though all the troops of the
regular army were not discharged until the ratifi-
cation of peace in the fall of 1783.
Then the bill is not on the ground of any-par-
ticular merit in the beneficiaries. It is unques-
tionably a bounty. The half pay for life was a
hard contract on the part of the Government; but
the Government was ready to comply with it.
The Government altered it at the instance of cer-
tainly a majority of the officers. This bill gives
the half pay to all, including those who accepted
the commutation. If you object to having the
minority of each line bind the majority, surely
those who can be shown to have petitioned and
begged Congress to allow them the commutation
of five years' full pay m lieu of half pay for life,
cannot come before the Government with any
plea of contract. The contract has been executed..
The first one was changed at their request, and
by their will. That was the ground of services,
though many of them had performed none. I
recollect a controversy in which Virginia resisted
the claims of some of this class of her own officers
to commutation for nearly thirty or forty years.
They had a right to sue in her courts, and they
continued to sue her, and the courts continued to
decide against them, until, I think, as late as
1820—forty years after the war—when, by the
discovery of some other testimony, as they said,
in the records of "Virginia, this class of cases of
her retired troops was brought in; and then Con-
gress, holding rightfully that they were within
the assumption of the act of 1790, passed the act
of 1832, in order to reimburse Virginia for the
money which had been sued out of her by this
class of officers. But it was not pretended then
that that class of officers, however worthy men
they might be, had rendered any service. Vir-
ginia, through her courts and her Legislature,
year after year, while the men of the Revolution
lived, sternly resisted paying these officers one
dollar, believing that they were not entitled to it;
and the act never passed for them to be paid by
Congress until the famous act of 1832.
If you are going to give public bounties to their
descendants, why should you discriminate in
favor of the officers ? Why will you take the de-
scendants of the officers who have agreed to this
settlement, and exclude the sons of the soldiers?
You may take the cases of some of the Senators
here by me. Take the honorable Senator from
New York, [Mr. Fish.] His father rendered
distinguished service as an officer. Why, when
he made this contract, and accepted the commu-
tation, should you give to him these bounties of
the Government any more than to myself, and
others, whose fathers may have fought as sol-
diers in that war?
Mr. WADE. My father did.
Mr. TOOMBS. Why shall the Senator from
Ohio be excluded? It is not on the ground of
contract,becauseyourcontractissatisfied. When
the resolution of 1783, providing for commuta-
tion, was passed, it was by the assent of all these
parties. It was not forced upon them. It was
beneficial to them. It was at their own request.
It was a beneficial contract for them. Hundreds
of them did not live the ten years for which they
received half pay. Those who died within fif-
teen years were the gainers, because they got the
present advantage of the grant.
It has been sometimes said—and it is an argu-
ment made to Congress—that the commutation
certificates were worthless. Sir, the Government
paid interest upon them every day. It agreed to
;ive public securities, and it paid interest on them.
Jt is no argument to say that they did not sell for
par. That has been the case of our own public
securities since I have been a member of Con-
gress. We sold our public securities, at the
123
f,
beginning of the Mexican war, for one hundred
and one fourth, and they ran down to ninety-
eight, in the market. That is the case with the
securities of all the States of the Union who
promptly pay interest, with two or three excep-
tions. They borrow one hundred dollars, and
their securities go down to ninety, eighty, or
seventy; but that is not the fault of the contract-
ing party. It may be a remote security, payable
in a long time. Promissory notes of a man per-
fectly good, and who will comply with his con-
tract, are sold in this market for one and one half
per cent, per month discount. They bring not
more than eighty-two and a half per cent, a year
in advance of the time of payment, without ref-
erence to the solvency of the party, without ref-
erence to his punctuality, with the fact known
that he will pay when it becomes due, but because
the operation is to convert a remote security,
which is due at a distant time, into present cash.
It is an operation performed every day in your
streets. That was all there was in regard to
these certificates. They went on to 1790, Con-
gress regularly paying every dollar of the certifi-
cates, and then they funded them. In 1790 they
gave for them the bonds of the United States at
six per cent., and continued to pay them until
they were discharged dollar for dollar.
I say, then, that the first contract was made in
1780. It was altered at the instance of the offi-
cers. The Government discharged its every obli-
gation honestly, honorably, and fairly; and it is
due to the memory of our revolutionary ances-
tors to say so. This report says we have never
done justice to these men; 1 deny it. All the
letters contained in this report, from Washington
and other officers, were letters written before this
act of 3783 was passed. I have not been able, in
looking at the correspondence of Washington, to
find a single complaintfrom him, or one officer of
the revolutionary army, of the commutation of
five years' full pay. I do not think the history
of the country will show any such case. If the
vigilance of my honorable friend from South
Carolina has enabled him to find one, I should
like to see it.
Mr. EVANS. I believe it is to be found in
the letters of General Washington.
Mr. TOOMBS. Before 1783? I have seen
none such.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Stuart
in the cliair.) The time has arrived for the con-
sideration of the special order.
Mr. TOOMBS. Very well.
Mr. SEWARD. I call for the special order.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The first spe-
cial order is the unfinished business of yester-
day—the bill for the improvement of the harbor
of AppalachicOla.
ARMY APPROPRIATION BILL.
Mr. HUNTER. Is it in order to make a mo-
tion to postpone prior business, in order to take
up the Army appropriation bill ?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Yes, sir.
Mr. HUNTER. Then 1 submit that motion,
and upon it ask for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. SEWARD. I barely wish to say, that
we shall be able to dispose without doubt of all
the river and harbor bills to-day. It is the well-
understood determination of the Senate to finish
whatever it undertakes to do when it commences
any new business; and this system would be
incomplete by providing for the harbors on the
lakes and the upper rivers, without making pro-
vision for those on the sea-coast and the southern
rivers. I hope the friends of those bills will insist
on having another day for them.
Mr. HUNTER. We were assured yesterday
that we should get through with them. We did
not, and we are nearly as far off as ever. We
have been engaged for nearly a week upon them.
We have had notice that there is to be a debate
upon this appropriation bill; and everything, it
seems to me, admonishes the Senate of the pro-
priety of taking up that bill and acting on it at
once. If there be any time, after attending to .
that, the friends of the river and harbor bills have
a majority here, and can take'them up; but surely
we ought to give precedence to the appropriation
bills.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I will vote with the Sena-
tor from Virgini to take up his appropriation
bill. provided he™ill stand by it and sit it out
until we get through with it. I have voted with
the friends of the river and harbor bills to take
them up, and have urged and insisted that we
should sit them out, and get through with them
in a day. They have occupied two weeks, and
in the way we are going on they will consume
all the rest of the session, and defeat the appro-
priation bills. I will go for taking up the appro-
priation bills, if we agree to sit theiri out when
we do take them up, and get through with' them ^
at once. But if we are to adjourn at four o'clock *
every day, I am not willing to go into them. We
must sit measures out, as we have no previous
question, or we can pass nothing. If the Sen-
ator from Virginia will insist on sitting his bill
out, and try to keep a quorum here, I will vote for
his motion.
Mr. HUNTER. I can only answer for myself.
As far as I am concerned I will do so; but I can-
not speak for others.
Mr. CLAYTON. I believe, sir, it is our duty
to take the general appropriation bills and passi
them. 1 am aware of, and know well, the dan-
gers which attend them, and I am ready to con^
sider them. I am a friend of internal improve-
ments, and I am content in disposing of those
bills; but I do not accord with the honorable
Senator from Illinois that we should sit here all
night until we pass the Army appropriation bill.
Sir, human patience and endurance may be ex-
hausted. We are not able to sit all night; and if
you attempt it after a certain hour of the night,
men who ought to be giving their attention to the
bill will be out of their places, and less than a
quorum of the Senate will be voting millions of
money out of the Treasury. I am opposed to
that. I will stay here as long as I can, and I
hope others will; but to undertake to sit here all-
night for the purpose of passing one of these bills
will be the worst policy that we could adopt, for
by it we shall drive out of the Senate some of the
most experienced members, who understand the
items of these appropriation bills perhaps better
than others, and we shall act without advice. I
am for acting energetically, but not in hot haste.
1 shall vote for the motion to take up the Army
appropriation bill.
Mr. WELLER. I have been voting with the
friends of the river and harbor bills for the pur-
pose of keeping them before the Senate, and I
supposed they would all have been disposed of
several days ago. I am anxious that they shall
get out of the way—not for the purpose of taking
up the bill referred to by the Senator from Vir-
ginia, but for the purpose of taking up the Pacific
railroad bill. That has been my object. I intend
to vote against the motion made by my friend
from Virginia, on the expectation that you will
dispose of these bills to-tlay; but I give notice
to their friends that this is the last day I will
stand by them. I have remained here day after
day, until late in the session, for the purpose of
keeping a quorum, that we mightgo on with busi-
ness, for I have no interest, nor has my State, in'
the passage of any of these bills. This is the last
day I will vote for keeping them up before the
Senate.
Mr. SEBASTIAN.' I am aware of the neces-
sity to which the Senator from Virginia has ad-
verted of economizing time as much as possible;
but for the very reason which he assigns for
taking up the Army appropriation bill I shall vote
against taking it up, and I hope the friends of the
special order of the day will insist on dispatch-
ing that business at once. There are but few of
these measures remaining undisposed of, and I
think we shall best economize time by dispatch-
ing one subject at a time. I have always found
it so during the rather long experience I have
