1856.}
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL -GLOBE.
343
34th Cong.... 1st Sess.
Kansas. Contested Election—Mr. Bowie.
Ho. or Reps.
general grant of the legislative power to that de-
partment of the government to which the legisla-
tive power is given. I hold these propositions to
be too clear to admit of any doubt. What, then,
becomes of the objections urged by so many gen-
tlemen on this floor, to the validity of this law
on the ground that it was passed, as stated in
fteeder's memorial, " at an illegal and unauthor-
ised place ?" Surely, sir, this House cannot fail
to perceive how utterly groundless they are. The
Legislative Assembly of Kansas, in pursuance of
-a general grant of legislative power contained in
the organic act itself, and in the manner, too, au-
thorized by that act, passed the law by which
their sessions were removed from Pawnee City to
the Shawnee Mission. The organic act being
wholly silent on that subject, contains no pro-
visions inconsistent with the exercise of such a
power. The prerogative right of the Governor
to select, in the first instance, the place and time
of their first meeting was in no manner invaded
by it, for he had already exercised that preroga-
tive right, and the Legislative Assembly were,at
that very time, acting under, and by virtue of its
authority. I hold, therefore, that the Legislative
Assembly of Kansas had the power, under the
provisions of the act of Congress, to pass the law
in question, and that Reeder's objection to it
on the grounds stated in his memorial, has no
foundation to sustain it on any principle of law
or reason.
But, Mr. Speaker, other objections have been
urged against the action of the Legislature of J
Kansas, of a more serious character than the one '
I have been considering; objections which are ,
confined, not simply to the exercise of supposed ;
doubtful powers, like that I have just reviewed,
but which extend to the very existence, as a legal
body, of jhe Legislative Assembly itself. Gen- j
tlemen on the other side of the House have in- '
dulged most freely in the use of reproachful terms, j
They have applied to this Legislative Assembly
all sorts of harsh and abusive epithets. It has
been called by one gentleman, " a body of usurp-
ers;" by another, a " bogus Legislature;" and
by others, " a fraudulent and spurious body of
border ruffians and assassins." Sir, I shall not
follow the example of these gentlemen, by harshly
characterizing the inhabitants of that Territory,
who are the enemies of that Legislative Assem-
bly. 1 have no taste for the use of vituperative
terms. I am not in the habit of calling hard names.
They never amount to arguments; and, instead
of conducing to the development of truth, invaria-
bly lead to the confirmation of error. But, sir,
had I the disposition of some men, whose nature j
seems hardened to the emotions of benevolence,
who take more pleasure " in evil thoughts than
good deeds," and whose hearts delight to revel
in>the luxury of abuse," 1 might have found
ample justification for the use of language in refer-
ence to their peculiar friends, quite as severe as
that they have applied to this Legislative Assem-
bly. But, sir, I shall refrain, at this time, from
any such course of remarks. We were told by
the friends of Governor Reeder, at the beginning
of the present session, that all they wanted was a
fair discussion of the questions involved in his
memorial- S^far as I am concerned, sir, they
shall have it, as I propose, unlike themselves, to
use no other weapons than those of argument and
reason, founded alone on the powers conferred
by the organic law of the Territory.
Mr. Speaker, the ground of the present objec-
tion is, that the Legislative Assembly of,Kansas
had no legal existence. Not simply that the laws
passed by that body were illegal, because passed
at an illegal place, or were otherwise in conflict
with the act of Congress, but because the members
who composed that body were not properly and
legally elected. Without going into the argu-
ment as to the power of this House to examine,
in this collateral way, into the question of the
election, qualification, and returns of the members
of a State or Territorial Legislature, which has
been so ably and clearly discussed already by
the gentleman from Georgia, [Mr. Stephens,]
the gentleman from Delaware, {Mr. Cbllen,] and
my colleague, [Mr. Davis,] andin whose opinions
on that subject I thoroughly concur—waiving, I
say, for the present, the consideration of that
question, and assuming, for the sake of the argu-
ment, that they are questions legitimately before
the House for its decision, 1 propose to show, by
an examination of the organic act itself, and its
application to the facts which are now before us,
that the Legislative Assembly of Kansas, which
held its sessions at Pawnee City and the Shawnee
Mission, was in every respect a properly consti-
tuted and legal Legislature. j
By the provisions of the Kansas Nebraska act, !
section twenty-two, in reference to the election of
the Legislative Assembly, it is declared that—
" Previous to the first election the Governor shall cause
a census or enumeration of the inhabitants or qualified
voters of the several counties and districts of the Territory,
to be taken by such persons and in such mode as the Gov-
ernor shall designate and appoint, and the persons so ap-
pointed shall receive a reasonable compensation therefor.
And the first election shall be held at such time and places,
and be conducted in such manner, both as to the persons
who shall superintend such elections, and the returns thereof,
as the Governor shall appoint and direct; and he shall at
the same time declare the number of members of the Coun-
cil and House of Representatives, to which each of the
counties or districts shall be entitled under this act. The
persons having the highest number of legal votes in each of
said council districts for members of the Council, shall be
declared by the Governor to be duly elected to the Council,
and the persons having the highest number of legal votes,
for the House of Representatives, shall be declared by tlie
Governor to be duly elected members of said House : Pro-
vided, That in case two or more persons voted for shall have
an equal number of votes, and in case a vacancy shall other-
vise occur, in either branch of the Legislative Assembly, the
Governor shall order a new election; and the persons thus
elected to the Legislative Assembly shall meet at such place
and on such day as the Governor shall appoint; but there-
afterthetime, places,and mannerof holdingand conducting
all elections by the people, &c., shall be prescribed by law."
The powers and duties of the Governor as de-
fined in this act, are as follows:
1. To cause a census of the inhabitants of the
Territory to be taken and to prescribe the mode of
doing it;
2. Toappoint the time and places for holding
the first election, and to appoint persons to super-
intend both the elections and the returns thereof;
3. To declare the number of members of the
Council and House of Representatives to which
each county or district is entitled under the act;
4 To declare as duly elected the persons having
the highest number of legal votes;
5. To order a new election, in the case of a tie
vote, or when a vacancy shall otherwise occur in
either House; and
6. To appoint the place and day for the meeting
of the persons thus elected to the first Legislative
Assembly.
All subsequent elections are to be held in a
manner to.be prescribed by law.
It is not pretended, or anywhere averred, that
Governor Reeder neglected to discharge apy of
these preliminary duties. On the contrary, it is
admitted that he issued his proclamation appoint-
ing the 30th day of March, 1855, as the day of
holding the first election of members of the Legis-
lative Assembly. That he prescribed the places
and mode of conducting the elections in the several
districts, and appointed persons in each election
district, as judges, to superintend and conduct the
elections and returns thereof. The proclamation
also contains the precise character of the oath
which these judges of elections thus appointed were
required to take. The oath is as follows:
" We do severally swear that we will perform our duties
as judges of the election to be held this day in the 
district of the Territory of Kansas to the best of our judg-
ment and ability; that we will keep a correct and faithful
record or list of persons who shall vote at said election;
that we will poll no tickets from any person who is not an
actual bona fide resident and inhabitant of said Territory on
the day of election, and whom we shall not honestly believe
to be a qualified voter, according to the act «f Congress
organizing said Territory; that we will reject the votes of
all and every non-resident whom we shall believe to have
come into the Territory for the mere purpose of voting ; that
in all cases where we are ignorant of the voter's right, we
will require legal evidence thereof by his oum oath, or other-
wise ; that we will make a true and faithful return of the
votes which shall be polled to the Governor of the said Ter-
ritory."
And among other matters of detail, in reference
to the mode of conducting the elections, the proc-
lamation contains and announces the following
important principle:
" VVlien a dispute arises as to the qualifications of a voter,
the judges shall examine the voter, or any other persons,
under oath, upon the subject, and the decision of a majority
of the board will be conclusive ; that when the election shall
close, the judges shall open and count the votes, and keep
two corresponding tally-lists; and if Ihe tally-lists shall
agree, the judges shall then publicly proclaim the result, ami
shall make up and sign duplicate certificates in the form
prescribed, and shall certify, under theiroaths, that the cer-
tificate is a true and correct return of the votes poiied by
lawful resident voters."
Now, Mr. Speaker, what took place after these
preliminary arrangements were thus made by the
j Governor? The election was held on the 30th
■ day of March, 1855, in accordance with the proc-
| lamation of the Governor; and on that day thir-
teen members of the Council, and twenty-six
members of the House of Representatives—the
number prescribed for each House by the act of
Congress—received the highest number of legal
votes; and received from the judges of election cer-
tificates, under oath, that they had made a true
and correct return of the votes polled by lawful
resident voters. Of the thirteen members thus
composing the Council, the Governor granted
certificates of election to eleven; that is to say, to
ten who had been returned by the judges, and to
one who had not been returned by the judges; and
withheld them from two; and of the twenty-six
members of the House of Representatives, he
granted certificates of election to sixteen who were
returned by the judges, and to one who was not;
and withheld them from nine. At the same time
he issued writs for new elections to be held on
the 24th of May, 1855, for the election of two
councilmen and nine members of the House of
Representatives, whose certificates of election he
had withheld upon the assumption that they were
vacancies, which he had the right to fill by order-
ing a new election, under the provisions of the
act of Congress. The new election was accord-
ingly held on the 24th of May, 1855, at which
time three of those whose certificates of election
had been withheld by the Governor were re-
elected; and other persons than those who had
been elected on the 30th of March were returned
in the other districts. To these persons, thus
elected at this second election, the Governor
'j granted certificates of election; and the full num-
' ber of thirteen councilmen and twenty-six mem-
bers of the House of Representatives having thus
been obtained, the Governor subsequently, by his
proclamation, summoned, them to meet on the 2d
day of July, 1855, as the Legislative Assembly
of the Territory of Kansas, at Pawnee City.
They met at the time and place appointed; and,
after organizing their respective Houses by the
appointment of officers and receiviug the Gov-
ernor's message, proceeded at once to the trans-
action of the ordinary business of legislation.
Among the first questions which necessarily
engaged the attention of this Assembly, was the
subject of their own elections and qualifications
as members of the Legislative Assembly. They
found a state of things existing which rendered
it necessary for them to take some action on the
subject. The seats of many of the members
were contested. The action of the Governor,
withholding certificates of election from those
who, by the returns of the judges of election,
" had received the highest nwnber of legal votes " on
the 30th day of March; and ordering a new elec-
tion to be held on the 24th of May, to supply
these assurfled vacancies, had given rise to dis-
putes, and produced conflicting claims in refer-
ence to seats in the Legislative Assembly, which
they alone could decide. They were primary
questions, touching their own official existence,
which, in the very nature of things, required a
decision by themselves. The Legislative Assem -
bly accordingly proceeded to the consideration of
these questions; and, after mature deliberation,
came to the conclusion that the Governor had
no authority to withhold certificates of election
from those who had received the highest number
of legal votes at the election of the 30th day of
March, and no power, under the circumstances,
to order a new election on the 24th day of May.
They declared the new election void, and awarded
seats to those persons who had been elected on
the 30tli day of March, and from whom the Gov-
ernor had wrongfully withheld certificates of
election.
This House, Mr. Speaker, is now called on
to review the propriety of this decision of the
Legislative Assembly of Kansas. The questions
we are to consider and discuss, it will be at once
perceived, fire questions relating to the powers
and duties of the Governor, ana of the Lcgisla-
