1954
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
August 6,
had here; and I have yet to witness the close of a
session that shall see a general money bill over-
slaughed. The Senate, by some kind of appli-
ance, always finds time to dispose of them; but
inferior and subordinate measures sometimes do
receive the go-by. As the friends of these meas-
ures have stood by them with something like
■exemplary fidelity so far, I hope they will remain
steadfast in the:faith a little longer. It will not
require very long to dispose of all those bills.
There is another point that presents itself to
us, and it is not worth while to be blind to the
fact. There will arise on the Army bill a ques-
tion with which we are too Amiliar already, but
which is not going to be disposed of in one sit-
ting. I imagine it will be beyond the power of
the Senate to keep members in attendance until
the question arising on the Army bill can be dis-
posed of. I think we had better continue with
the order of the day.
Mr. HUNTER. If that debate is to arise, is
it not manifest that we ought to get at the appro-
priation bills now, as there is so little time left?
Ought we not to commence them ?
The question being taken on Mr. Hunter's
motion by yeas and nays, resulted—yeas 21, nays
24; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Biggs, Brodhead, Brown, Butler, Clay,
Clayton, Douglas, Kvans, Fitzpatnek, Houston, Hunter,
Iverson.Jont's of Tennessee, Mason, Pearee, Pratt, I'ugh,
glidcll, Thompson of Kentucky, Thomson of New Jersey,
■ and Toombs—91.
NAYS—Messrs. Allen, Bell of New Hampshire, Bell of
Tennessee, Bright, Cass, Collamer, Fessenden, Frsh, Foot,
Foster, Geyer, Harlan, James, Johnson, Jones of Iowa,
Held, Sebaslian, Seward, Stuart, Trumbull, Wade, Weller,
Wilson, and Wright—24.
So the Senate refused to postpone the special
- order, and take up the Army appropriation bill.
RAILROADS IN MISSISSIPPI.
A message from the House of Representatives,
by Mr. Barclay, Assistant Clerk, announced
that the House had passed a bill (H. R. No. 523)
granting alternate sections of the public lands to
the State of Mississippi, to aid in the construc-
tion of railroads in said State.
A subsequent message requested the return of
the bill to the House of Representatives.
Mr. BROWN. I move that the bill be returned
in conformity with the request of the House. It
18 ascertained that a mistake has been made in
the engrossment of the ^ill.
The motion was agreed to.
APPALACHICOLA HARBOR.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is upon the passage of the bill (S. No. 173) for
the improvement of the harbor of Appalachicola,
in the State of Florida, on which the yeas and
nays were being called, when the Senate found
itself without a quorum yesterday.
Mr. MALLORY. It appears from the Calen-
dar that this bill was introduced by mo; and as I
shall vote against the passage of the bill, it may
be necessary that I should say something about
it. I am, in relation to Appalachicola, in the con-
dition of my friend from South Carolina, [Mr.
Butler,) who introduced his bill for the im-
provement of the harbor of Charleston. As there
was not a quorum here yesterday, I will repeat in
substance what I then said. If money is to be
appropriated for the improvement of rivers and
harbors to facilitate commerce only, you cannot
select a more appropriate position for the appro-
priation of your money in the southern country
than Appalachicola. It is the third commercial
port of the Gulf. It ships one hundred aud sixty
thousand bales of cotton alone, and it freights
some seventy square-rigged vessels. The Appa-
lachicola river waters three States, Alabama,
Georgia, and Florida.
But sir, I have formerly voted against all these
measures as they have come up, I repeat again,
not because I have been opposed to every meas-
ure before the Senate, for I have no doubt I could
have voted for many of them if I had all the
lights before me. I hold, that, as a matter of course,
if we have power to maintain a navy on the lakes, j
we have the power to give them harbors of shelter j
and refuge. If 1 could ascertain what appropri-
ations were necessary for harbors of refuge for
-"aval purposes on the lakes, I should support
them, but I have no information; and we have
proceeded in the dark in many of these cases.
If the party here which is appropriating money
-aiL s
m
i"Pl:
for river and harbor improvements for the sake
of commerce alone, is looking to the South for
positions to appropriate money with the greatest
advantage to commerce, there is no place in the
southern country so much in demand of a small
appropriation as this. The shipping at Appalach-
icola, if my recollection serves me, does not
come within five miles of the port. The harbor
was'surveyed fifteen years ago; and it was found
by the officers of the Government that, by a slight
cutting through a bank, vessels of very consid-
erable draught could approach the town. That
has been recommended; and fouryears ago, when
the general river and harbor appropriation bill
passed, there was a clause of that kind; and the
estimates have been made for the excavations by
the Government officers.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 27, nays 16; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Allen, Bell of New Hampshire, Bell of
Tennessee, Bright, Cass, Clayton, Collamer, Fessenden,
Fish, Foot, Foster, Geyer, Harlan, James, Johnson, Jones
of Iowa, Pearce, Pratt, Pugh, Sebastian, Seward, Thomp-
son of Kentucky, Thomson of New Jersey, Trumbull,
Wade, Wilson, and Wright—27.
NAY'S—Messrs. Biggs, Brodhead, Brown, Butler, Clay,
Fitzpatrick, Houston, Hunter, lvetson, Mallory, Mason,
lleid, Slidell, Stuart,Toombs, and Weller-—16.
So the bill was passed.
HARBOR OF CHARLESTON.
Mr. SEWARD. The next bill on the Calenl
dar is the bill (S. No. 174) for the improvemen
of the harbor of Charleston, South Carolina. I
ask for the consideration of that bill.
The Senate proceeded, as in Committee of the
Whole, to consider the bill, which appropriates
$50,000.
Mr. BUTLER. As I stand in a peculiar rela-
tion to this bill, I propose to give in ten minutes
an explanation which will trace the history of the
bill, and show whether gentlemen who vote for
these appropriations generally can vote for this.
I cannot, and will not, as is very well known. I
suppose, however, that those who can vote for the
bill would like to understand the locality.
The old channel, or what is known as the ship-
channel, passes through the bar with a maximum
depth of water of twenty-two feet and a minimum
of thirteen feet. That passes near the light-house
on Morris's Island. It is proposed now to take
up anotherchanncl, which seems to have niadeits
way near Sullivan's Island. The water beyond
Sullivan's Island will allow vessels to approach
it of twenty, thirty, or perhaps forty feet. The
harbor of Charleston has water twenty or thirty
feet deep, but there is an intervening shallow of
perhaps fifty or one hundred yards, over which
the water runs about six feet deep. It is pro-
posed to open that channel, so as to allow the
deep water beyond Sullivan's Island to run into
the harbor of Charleston, and thus give a uniform
channel of twenty feet.
This project did not originate with the Federal
Government. About five years ago, this chan-
ncl was discovered fifty feet deep beyond Sulli-
van's Island. The water is twenty feet deep in
the harbor; and it was suggested by a very dis-
tinguished engineer that the intervening space
could be dredged out, so as to have a uniform
channel twenty feet deep to Charleston.
My friend, the Representative of Charleston,
[Mr. Aiken,] had a provision introduced into the
bill which passed both branches a few years ago,
allowing $50,000 with this guarantee, that South
Carolina had appropriated §80,000 for the same
purpose and had bought a dredge-boat from the
Federal Government, which turned out to be in-
adequate to the purpose, and was returned upon
the hands of the person who made it. The con-
sequence is, that not much of the work has been
accomplished; but gentlemen of the very highest
reputation, Professor Bache and others, say it is
practicable to dredge out that channel. If it can
be done, it will be a great achievement for the
harbor of Charleston, and all persona interested
in it.
I never introduced this bill until the provision
had passed the other House; and when it came
here about a year ago, I suggested that such a
bill ought to go through, as it had gone through
before, though not by my vote. It may be re-
garded somewhat as imitating the proposition of
the Senator from Michigan, to cut a ditch in the j
flats of St. Clair, and I waa rather opposed to c
that mode of making a new channel of commerce,
but he can be reconciled to this of course.
Some gentlemen have taunted me incidentally
on this subject, by the intimation, " I will not vote
for your bill, because you will not vote for it
yourself." If I understand their principles, they
ought not to vote for my bill or against it, because
it is mine; and they ought not to vote for their
own bills because tney are theirs. If they vote
at all for such an improvement, it must be on the
ground that it is for the general benefit and regu-
lation of commerce. If they put it on any other
ground, and pin me down to their doctrine, and
say they will not go for my bill because I cannot
vote for it, and they will go for their own because
they have no conscientious scruples, I understand
them to vote from considerations of policy and
selfishness. That is the truth about it.
So far as regards navigation, Maine, Massa-
chusetts, and New York are more interested in
this channel than my constituents of Charleston
are. The constituents of the gentleman [Mr.
FEssENnEKr] at this very time are taking stone
from Maine, and carrying it there every week.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I shall vote for it.
Mr. BUTLER. No doubt you will vote for
it anyway; but vessels from Maine and New
York find it is very difficult to get over the old
channel. It is thirteen feet deep at low water, and
sometimes twenty-two feet at other periods.
There is a great difference of opinion prevail-
ng in Charleston in regard to this improvement.
Many think that the channel will be filled up by
the first gale that comes after it is made; and
many think otherwise. All agree, however, that
after it is finished, Charleston or the State of
South Carolina, will keep it up by having a
dredge-boat there continually.
This being the state of the case, I leave gen-
tlemen to vote as they think proper. I shall not
vote for the bill, because I do not believe—I can-
not believe, that we have a jurisdiction to say
where commerce shall go, or shall not go, by
an appropriation of money, for that depends on
whether you have a full or an empty Treasury.
If you had no money in the Treasury, but were
compelled to raise it by taxation, the gentlemen
who sustain these bills would not vote to raise a
tax of $50,000 to cut out a new channel in Charles-
ton harbor, nor would my friend from Missouri's
constituents vote to improve the Missouri river
if they had to raise taxes to do it; and so of all
these other improvements for which money is
asked out of the Treasury.
But 1 leave the subject. I have made a fair
explanation. I have said there is a difference of
opinion about it. South Carolina has appropri-
ated $80,000, and she will employ the $80,000.
That is a guarantee that she believes it practica-
ble. She has appointed commissioners; they are
intelligent men, and they believe it practicable.
If you cut out a channel, as intended, it will be a
twenty feet ship channel, instead of one thirteen
feet. There will be the difference. My friend
from Tennessee takes a very enlarged view of this
subject, because Tennessee is to belong to South
Carolina shortly. She is running down her com-
merce there fast, and I am glad of it.
Mr. BELL, of Tennessee. When you leave
the Union, we intend to annex your State to
ours. [Laughter.] I do not mean to go into
any argument of this question; but the Senator
from South Carolina did injustice to me, when
he availed himself of this occasion to go into an
argument of the constitutional power. I thought
he had gone fully into that subject heretofore.
Does he think that a channel of twenty, instead
of thirteen feet, would not be justified, if we
could construct it at any reasonable cost, as an
appropriation for the common defense ? I ask
that question. It is an answer to his whole
argument.
I hold in my hand estimates on two separate
plans of the cost of improving this channel. One
amounts to $193,000, and the other to a much less
sum. The appropriation here was fixed at $50,000,
because that was the appropriation voted in a
former bill which was vetoed, and I did not want
to raise any question about the amount to be ap-
propriated. On the principle stated by the Sen-
ator from Illinois [Mr. Douglas] yesterday, I
should think it better to appropriate a larger
amount, but I do not propose to increase it.
I consider this a most important improvement
