1080
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 1,
question, which was on agreeing to the amend-
ment of the Committee on Public Lands to strike
oat the fifth section of the Senate amendment; as
follows:
Sec. 5. -find be it further enactcd. That clerks and other
assistants of quartermasters, commissaries, paymasters*
surgeons, and assistant surgeons, together with artificers,
the servants of 'officers, and other persons employed m or
about the camps of the Army of the United States/as well
as artificers, the servants of naval officers, and all other
peisons employed on board of the armed vessels of the
United States, m the revenue cutters xn service as vessels
of war or blockade in any of the wars specified in the first
section of the act to which this is an amendment, shall be
entitled to the benefitb of the said act. Pronded, All bueh
persons were subject to military law whilst engaged in ser-
vice.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the affirmative—yeas 82, nays 57; as follows:
YEAS —Messrs. Aiken, Albright, AUison, Barksdale,
Henry Bennett, Hendley &■ Bennett, Benson, Gillmghurst,
Bliss, Bocock, Boyee, Ijranch, Brcnton, Burnett, Cadwal-
ader, John P. Campbell, Lewis D. Campbell, Caskie, Ezra
Clam, Howell Cobb, Williamson R. W. Cobb, Covode,
Gullen, Cumback, Davidson, Dean, Eustis, Florence, Gid-
dings, Goode, Grow, Augustus Hall, Harlan, Haven, Her-
bert, Jewett, George W. Jones, J. Glancy Jones, Kennctt,
Ktdwell, Knapp, Knowlton, knox, Humphrey Marshall,
Matteson, McUarty, McMullm, McQueen, Smith Miilci,
Milison, Millwaid, Morgan, Nichols, Andrew Oliver, I'ame,
Peck, Pelton, Phelps, Puryear, Quitman, Ready, llichaid-
son, Iluftn, Sandidge, Savage, Stanton, titranahan, sSwope,
Talbott. Thorington, Thurston, Tiallon, Tiippo, Wake-
man. Walbndge, Waldron, Israel Washburn, Welch,
Wells, Wheeler, Woodruff, and Zollicofler—82.
NAYS —Messrs. Allen, Ball, Barbour, Bishop, Bowie,
Bradshaw, Buffiwton, Garble, Clawdon, Colfax, Crajjui,
Henry Winter Davis, Timothy Davi^, Dickson, Dowdell,
Durfee, Ednmndtton. .Evans, Fo:-tci, Galloway, Gilbeit, J.
Morrison Harris, Flrini«on, floiTuuin, ilollcnvay, Thomas
JR.. llorton, Valentine B.JIotron, Hughs-ton, King, Leitei,
Lindley, Lumpkin, Mace, Alexander Iv. Marshall, Samuel ,
S. MaishaJI, Maxwell, ivjlluui Miller, Parker, Pettu, Powell,
jPringle, Puiviance, Iiiver>, Robbing, Roberts, Kobison,
Sabin, Sapp, Seott, Shoiter, Sneed, Spinner, Tappan,
Todd, Walker, Warnei, and Elhhu B. Wa&hburne—07.
So the fifth section of the Senate amendment
was stricken out.
Pending the call of the roll—
Mr. CHAFFEE stated that he had paired off
with Mr. Kelly until the 13th instant.
Mr. COBB, of Georgia, stated that Mr. Craw-
ford had paired off with Mr. Damrell until the
20th instant, inclusive.
Mr. KENNETT stated that Mr. Porter had
left on a short visit to his family, having been
separated fiom tlieni for six months, and before
leaving paired off as follows: on the slavery ques-
tion, with Mr. Wasiiburne, of Wisconsin; on
river and harbor bills, with Mr. Harris, of Ala-
bama; on grants of land to the new States in aid 1
of railroads, with Mr. Puryear. i
Mr. FLORENCE, 1 desire to state that I
have paired oft* with my colleague, Mr, Kunkel;
but conceiving this to be a question different from
that on which 1 paired off, 1 feel disposed to vote,
and vote ay.
The question recurred on the proposition to
strike out the sixth section of the Senate amend-
ment, as follows:
See. fi. Jl>ul be it Jurlhcr enacted, That the piovisions of
the said aet shall extend to all officers, mm-oommesioned
officers, musicians, and privates of the linhtia or volunteei
forces of any State or Territory who weie mustcied into
the military &eivice of the United State*, pursuant to any
requisition or call from a geneial olheer commanding an
oimy or military department ot the United States, in ex-
pectation of any concerted insurrection of the Indians or
aimed invasion fiom abroad.
On this question, Mr. Walker had called for
the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
Mr. MAXWELL called for tellers.
Tellers were not ordered.
The question was taken, and the proposition
of the Committee on Public Lands was agreed to.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. Is it in order to
move to reconsider the vote by which the House
refused to strike out the seventh section ?
The SPEAKER. The motion is in order; but
it will be necessary for the House first to reverse
its decision concurring in the report of the Com-
mittee on Public Lands.
Mr. J ONES. I will not insist upon the motion,
then.
The next amendment recommended by the
Committee on Public Lands was to strike out
the words "three sections" in the eighth section,
and to insert in lieu thereof the word " section,"
so that the section as amended would read—
Sec. 8. Jlnd be it further enuctcd, That the widows and
minor children of all such persons as are specified in the
last section of this act, and are now dead, shall be entitled
to the same privileges as the widows and minor children of
the beneficiaries named in the act to which this is an amend-
ment.
The amendment was agreed to.
The last amendment recommended bytheCom-
mittee on Public Lands was to add at the end of
the ninth section of the Senate's amendment the
following words:
Jlnd be it further enacted, That whenever the term
" minors" in this or any act granting bounty lands shall be
used, it shall be construed to include all those who were
minors at the time said acts severally took effect.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. GOODE. Do T understand that the seventh
section has been concurred in by the House, and
that it now stands as a part of the bill?
The SPEAKER. It has been concurred in,
and stands as a part of the Senate amendment.
Mr. McGtUEEiN". 1 thought that section had
been stricken out. My recollection is that it was
stricken out, upon a vote of the House, by 70
ayes to 50 noes.
The SPEAKER. That was the vote on striking
out the sixth amendment.
Mr. GOODE. 1 am fully persuaded that the
House, or at least many members of the House,
supposed the action of the House was to strike
out that section. I think it possible that the
Speaker himself may have been mistaken in
announcing the vote.
The SPEAKER. The question was stated
very distinctly by the Chair; but if the House
voted under a misapprehension of the question,
it is competent for them to reconsider their action
upon it.
Mr. GOODE. I move to reconsider that vote.
The SPEAKER. Before the vote to which
the gentleman refers can be reconsidered, how-
ever, it will be necessary that the House should
retrace its steps, and that the votes subsequently
taken should first be reconsidered.
Mr. WALKER. I move to lay the motion to
rcconsidor on the table.
Mr. BENNETT, of New York. I rise to a
question of order. I ask whether the previous
question is not pending, and whether it is in
order to move to reconsider while it is pending?
The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks the mo-
tion to reconsider is in order.
Mr. WALKER. I will withdraw the motion
to lay on the table.
Mr. COBB, of Georgia. I renew the motion.
The question was taken; and the motion to lay
on the table was agreed to.
The question then recurred upon concurring in
the amendment of the Senate as amended.
Mr. GOODE. I move to lay the amendment
of the Senate on the table.
Mr. JONES. Will not that carry the bill
with it?
The SPEAKER. It will.
Mr. JONES. Ihope, then, the gentleman will
withdraw the motion, and vote against the
amendments of the Senate.
Mr. GOODE. I do not withdraw the motion.
The motion was not agreed to; and the question
again recurred upon concurring in the amend-
ments of the Senate as amended.
Mr. JONES demanded the yeas and nays;and
called for tellers upon the yeas and nays.
Tellers w^H not ordered.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
Mr. JONES then demand tellers on concurring
in the amendment of the Senate.
Tellers were not ordered.
Mr. JONES. 1 ask for a division of the House
on the amendments of the Senate.
The question was put; and there were—ayes
91, noes 17; no quorum voting.
Mr. COBB, of Georgia. I ask that the ques-
tion may, by unanimous consent, be again put.
There was no objection.
The question was taken, and the amendment
of the Senate as amended concurred in; there
being—ayes 115, noes 17.
Mr. COBB, of Georgia. I move to reconsider
the vote by which the amendment of the Senate
as amended was concurred in; and also move
that the motion to reconsider be laid upon the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio. Hss the morning
hour expired ?
The SPEAKER. It has.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I move that the rules be
suspended, and the House resolve itself into the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Unior.
Mr. JONES. If that motion be voted down it
will then be in order to.move to go to the business
on the Speaker's table?
The SPEAKER. It will.
Mr. JONES. I demand the yeas and nays on
the motion of the gentleman from Ohio.
The yeas and nays were not ordered; there
being, on a division—ayes 23, noes 97—not one
fifth of those present.
The motion was agreed to.
The House accordingly resolved itself into the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union, (Mr. Washburn, of Maine, in the chair.)
CONSULAR AND DIPLOMATIC BILL.
The CHAIRMAN. The business in order be-
fore the committee is the consideration of a hill
making appropriations for the consular and dip?*
lomatic expenses of the Government for the year
ending the 30th of June, 1857.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio. 1 move that the
first reading of the bill be dispensed with.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. MAXWELL obtained the floor and moved
pro forma to strike out the first section of the bill,
j Mr. M. then addressed the committee for an hour
upon the domestic politics of the country. His
! speech is withheld for revision at his request,
and will be published in the Appendix.
! Mr. PERRY referred to the records for the
j purpose of proving that the early fathers of the
j Republic entertained the same sentiments on the
! question of slavery extension as those now ad-
i vocated by the Republican party. Pie defended
his party from the charge of sectionalism and dis-
I loyahty to the Constitution, and cited precedents
i to show the constitutional right of Congress to
j prohibit slavery in the Territories of the United
i States. The Republican party were determined
• to make Kansas a free State, and to prevent the
extension of slavery into territory now free.
The speech will be found in the Appendix.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio. As it is getting
late, and as this is a bill about which there will
be no contest, I move that the committee rise and
report the bill to the House, with a view of, at an
' early day, again moving to go into Committee of
' the Whole, and taking up another appropriation
bill upon which the general debate can proceed.
Mr. EVANS. I desire to address the com-
mittee upon this bill.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I will then yield the floor
to the gentleman from Texas.
Mr. COBB, of Georgia. I think this matter
can be so arranged as to meet the views of the
gentleman from Ohio, and also those of the gen-
tleman from Texas. I would suggest that this
bill be laid aside to be reported to the House.
The gentleman from Ohio can then move to take
up another appropriation bill; the gentleman from
Texas can obtain the floor; the committee can
then rise, and the gentleman from Texas will be
entitled to the floor when the House again goes
into committee.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I will then move that this
bill be laid aside, to be reported to the House,
and that the Army appropriation bill be taken
up. The gentleman from Texas can then obtain
the floor, as the gentleman from Georgia sug-
gests.
Mr. MORGAN. Inasmuch as this bill has
not been discussed at all, and as it has not even
been read, if it is proposed now to dispose of it
in this summary manner I shall resist the mo-
tion to the full Extent of my power.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I am entitled to the floor.
I will, however, say to the gentleman from New
York, that this bill has been printed and upon
the desks of members for more than a month. I
presume they have read it. I take it for granted
that members have come here for the purpose of
legislating intelligibly upon these appropriation
bills, and I doubt not that the gentleman from
New York has carefully read this bill.
Mr. MORGAN. No, sir, I have never read
it at all.
Mr. CAMPBELL. If the gentleman from
New York has not examined the bill, I should be
