854
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 4,
and I stated the fact that I sent my resolution to
be read.
The SPEAKER recognized the gentleman from
Maine, [Mr. Washburn,] and his resolution was
reported, as follows:
Resolved, That a message be sent to the Senate to inform
that body that a quorum of the House of Representatives
has a*s«mbled, and that Nathaniel P. Banks, Jr., one of
the Representatives from the State of Massachusetts, has
been chosen Speaker, and that the House is now ready to
proceed to business.
Mr. McMULLIN. Before the question be put
011 the adoption of the resolution, I desire to ask
-whether we should not, at the same time, inform
the President of the United States.
Several Members. Oh, no.
The question was taken, and Mr. Washburn's
resolution was adopted.
The Clerk was charged with the message to the
Senate. •*
RESOLUTION TO NOTIFY -THE PRESIDENT.
I offer the following
Mr. PENNINGTON.
resolution:
Resolved, That a committee be appointed on the part of
! this House, to join such committee as may be appointed on
the part of the Senate,to waitontlie Presidentot the United
States, and inform him that a quorum of the House of Rep-
resentatives is assembled, and that Congress is leady to re-
ceive any communication he may be pleased to make.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I suppose that
we ought also to inform the Piesidentwho is the
presiding" officer of this House, in order that he
may know from whom he receives communica-
tions from this body.
Several Members. That is not usual.
Mr. PENNINGTON. In preparing the reso-
lution, I was following a precedent which I found,
and which has the authority of the gentleman
from Tennessee himself.
The question was taken, and the resolution
was adopted.
Messrs. Pennington, Aiken, and Broom were
appointed by the Speaker such committee.
ELECTION OF CLEIIK.
Mr. THUXtSTON. I move that the House
do now proceed to the election of a Clerk.
Mr. HOUSTON. If the gentleman from Rhode
Island [Mr. Thurston] will allow me, I will first
make a motion, which I suppose will consume no
time. Two months erf the session have already
passed by, and it is necessary for us to begin to
prepare for the labor of the session. I shall move,
if I be permitted to do so, to take up the President's
message and accompanying documents from the
table, and refer them to the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union.
Several Members. Oh no !
Mr. HOUSTON, (aside.) I want to have them
printed.
The SPEAKER. The question is on the res-
olution ofn-ivd by the gentleman from Rhode
Island, [Air. Thurston.]
Mr. VALK. I offer the following resolution
for the consideration of rhe House.
Mr. THURSTON, i move the previous ques-
tion oil the resolution which i have submitted.
Mr. PHELPS. Have the resolution reported.
I desire to know whether it proposes to have the
Clerk elected by ballot or viva voce'/
The resolution was made to read as follows:
Resolved, That the House do now proceed, nvavocc, to
tho election of a Clerk.
Mr. ORR. The gentleman from Rhode Island
had surrendered the iloor, and the gentleman fi om
New York [Mr. Valk] was recognizcd. How
could the gentleman from Rhodes Island get the
floor to demand the previous question?
Mr. HOUSTON. My friend from South Car-
olina [Mr. Omi] is certainly mistaken.
Mr. ORR. 1 think that I am not mistaken.
The gentleman from New York was recognized.
Mr. HOUSTON. The circumstances were
these: I appealed to the gentleman from Rhode
Island [Mr. Thurston-] to surrender the floor to
me. I did aot understand him as doing so; but I
understood that objection was made, and therefore
I acquiesced. But for that I would have insisted
en my motion. I think, therefore, that my friend
from South Carolina is mistaken.
- xVIr. ORR persisted in saying that the gentle-
man from New York [Mr. Valk] had been rec-
ognized.
The SPEAKER. The Chair would state that
the facts are these. The gentleman from Rhode
Island [Mr. Thurstov] submitted a resolution.
The gentleman from New York [Mr. Valk] was
assigned the floor 011 that resolution. He did not,
however, propose to amend it, but offered to in-
troduce an independent resolution, which has not
been read. The gentleman from Rhode Island
then obtaining the floor, moved the previous
question; and thequestion before the House now
is, " Shall the main question be now put?"
Mr. TRIPPE. I liei^rd the gentleman from
New York distinctly announce that he offered
his proposition by way of amendment.
The SPEAKER. The Chair did not so un-
derstand it. The Chair did not hear the gentle-
man state that he offered his resolution by way
of amendment.
Mr. RICHARDSON. The gentleman from
New York certainly did move it as a substitute.
The SPEAKER. The Chair attended dis-
tinctly to the gentleman from New York, and did
not hear any proposition of that kind.
Mr. VALK. I did offer my resolution as a
substitute. If not so understood by the Chair,
such was my intention.
The SPEAKER. The Chair did not so un-
derstand it.
Mr. McMULLIN. I move to lay on the table
the resolution offered by the gentleman from
Rhode Island. I do so with a view to let us first
draw for our seats.
The question being on the motion to lay on the
table, Mr. A. K. Marshall demanded tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. JJocock and
TiiOftiNGTOM were appointed.
The House was divided; and the tellers re-
ported—ayes 1U3, noes 85.
So Mr. Thurston's resolution was laid on
the table.
Mr. VALK. I now move my resolution as an
independent proposition. I offer the following:
Resolved, That the Jlon. William Cullom, of the State of
Tennc-^ee, he dcej.mul Clerk of tSus Hou&e of ltepicsenl-
anves for the Tinny-Fourth Coii-jres.-.
Mr. SAGE. I demand the previous question
upon the adoption of the resolution.
Mr. ORR. I move to lay the resolution upon
the table. The House has just laid upon the
table the resolution of the gentleman from Rhode
Island, for the purpose of drawing for seats.
Mr. STEPHENS. I ask for the yeas and
nays upon the motion.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was then taken upon Mr. Orr's
motion to lay upon the table; and decided in the
negative—yeas 101, nays 113; as follows:
YEAS — Me«<rs Aiken, Allen, Bitfelay, Bad?-'dale,
Bell, Hendley S. Bennett, Bilhnglmr-t, Bliss, Borocki
Bowie, Boyce, Branch, Brenton, "Brooks, Burnett, Cad-
walador, John P. Campbell, Oarutherss, Curiae, Bayaru
Clark, Chnginan, Howell Cobb, Williamson It. W. Cobb,
Colfax, Cox, Crawford, Davidson, Day, Denver, Dowdell,
Edinuudr-on, Elliott, English, Enwtis, Faulkner, Florence,
Fostei, Thomas J. D. Fuller, Giddmgs, Goode, Greenwood^
Augustus Hall, Haiian, Sampson W. Hams, Thomas L.
tlarus, Jfeibest, Hickman, Iloiloway. Houston, Jewett,
Geosgo W. Jones, J. Giancy Jone?-, Keitt, Kelly, Kidwell,
Loiter, Letehei. Lumpkin, Alexander K. Marshall, Hum-
phrey Maishall, Samuel S. Marshall. Maxwell, McMullm,
McQueen, Smith Miller, Milison, Moore, Mott, Nichols,
Mordeeai Oliver, Orr, Peck, Phelps. Pike, Powell, Quit-
man, litifhn, ltuf-t, Salmi, Samlidge, Savage. Shorter,
Samuel A. Smith, William Smith, Stanton, Stephens,
Stewart, Swope, Talbuit. Vad, Wade, Wdlnrulge, Wal-
dion, Walker, Warner, Watson, Wells, Window, Wood,
Darnel B. Wright, and John V. Wnght—10J.
NAYS—Messrs. Albright, Allison, Ba.ll, Baibour, Henry
Bennett, Benson, Bmcham, Bishop, Buid-=haw, Bioom,
Buffingion, Buningame, James H. Campbell, Lewis D.
Campbell, Caihle, Ciia!fee,Ezia Clark, Claw^on, Coming,
Covude, Cragin, Cullen, Oumback, Damreli, Henry Winter
Davis, Timothy Davis, Dean, De Witt, Dick, *Diek«on,
Dodd, Durm, Durfee, Edie, Etheridge, Evans, Filler,
HemyM. Fuller,Galloway, Gilbeit, Otanger,Grow,Robeit
U. Hail, J. Mortison Haim, Haven, Hoffman, Thoma> ft.
Horton, Howaid, Kelsey, Kennett, King, Knapp, Knight,
KnowJton, Knox, K mk d, Lake, Lmdiey, Maee, Matteson,
McCarty. Medchain, Kiliuiu Miller, Miilward, Moigan,
Morrill, Munay. Norton, Paine, Paiker, Peaiee, Pefton,
Pennington, Perry, Pettit, Porter, Pniigle. Pumance, Pur-
yeai, lleade, Ready, R.caud, Ritchie, liners, Robbing,
Roberts, Roluson. Saire. Sapp, Scott, Sherman, Simmon*,
William U. Smith, Sneed, Spmuei, Stianahan, Tappan,
Thorington. Thuiston, Todd, Traiton, Tuppe, Tyson, Cn-
deivvood, Valk, Cadwnlader C. Washburne, Ell Uiu B.
Washbume, Israel Washburn, Watkm<, Welch, Wheeler,
Whitney, Woodruff, Woodworth, and Zolhcoffer—113.
The question then recurred upon ordering the
mam question; and being taken, the main ques-
tion was ordered.
Mr. SMITH, of Tennessee. I ask for the yeas
and nays upon the adoption of the resolution.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was then taken upon the adoption
of the resolution, and decided in the affirmative—
yeas 1*25, nays 89; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Albright, Allison, Ball, Barbour, Henry
Bennett, Benson, Bingham, Bishop, Biadshaw, Broom,
Buitington, Burlingame. Ja>. H. Campbell, Lewis D. Camp-
hell, Carlile, Chaffee, Ezra Clark, dawson, Colfax, Comins,
Covode, Cragm, Cullen, Cumbaek, Damreli, Herjry Winter
Davis, Timothy Davis, Dean, De Witt, Dick, Dickson,
Dodd, Dunn, Durfee, E(fie, Etheridge, Evans, Flagler, Fos-
ter, Henry M. Fuller, Galloway, Giddings, Gilbert,Granger,
Robert B. Hall, Haiian, J. Morrison Harris, Harrison, Ha-
ven, Hoffman, Thomas R. Hoiton, Howard, Keiscv, Ken-
nett, Kin!?, Knapp, Knight, Knovvlton, Knox, Kunkel,
Lake, Lindley, Mace, Matteson, McCarty, Meacham,
Kilhan MHier, Miilward, Moore. Morgan, Morrill, Murray,
Nouon, Andiew Oliver. Paine, Paiker, Pearc-p, Pelion,
Pennington, Perry, Pnttit, Porter, Pnngie, Pm-vian^,
Puiyear, Keade, Ready, lticaud, Ritchie, River.-;, Rob-
bms, Roberts, Robisun, Sahin,Sage. Sapp, Scon, Sheiman,
SimiriO!!1-, William R. Smith, Soec'd, Stanton. Stranahan,
Tappan, Thormgton, Thuiston, Todd, Traiton, Trippe, Tv-
son, Underwood, Valk, Wade, Walbridge, Waldron, Cad-
waladcr C. V\a.~hbuine, Eildm B. Washburne, iMael
Washburn, Watkms, Welch, Whitney, Wood, Woodruff,
Woodwoitb, and ZolhepfFor—12o.
NAYS—Messis,. Aiken, Allen, Barclay, Barksdale, Beil,
Hendley S. Bennett, Bilhmrhurdt, Bliss, Bocoek, Bowie,
Bo>ce, Branch, Brenton, Biooks. Burnett, Cadwalader,
John P. Campbell, Caruthers, Ca^Icio, Bavaid Ciaik. Clntg-
man, Howell Cobb, Williamson It. W. Cobb. Cox, Craw-
ford. Davidson, Day, Denver, Dowdell, Edumndson, Elliott,
English, Eustis, Faulkner, Floienee, Thomas J. D. Fuller,
Goode, Gieenwood, Augustus Hall, Sampson V\r. l-Iam?,
Thomas L. Hain«, Herbert, Ilickmau, Iloiloway, Hou.-ton,
Jewett, George VV. Jones, J. Giancy Jones, Kent. Kojjy,
Kidwell, Leiter, Letcher, Lumpkin, Alexander K. Mar-
shall, Humphrey Maishall. Samuel Maitihall, Maxwell,
McMulhn, McQueen, Smith Millar, Milison, Mott, Niehol?,
Mordecai Oliver, Orr, Peek, Phelps, Powell, Quitman,
Rufim, Rust, Sandidge, Savage, Shorter, Samuel A. Smith,
WiJham Smitli, Spmncr, Stephens, Stewart, Talbott, Vail,
Walkcsr, Warner, Wnt>on, Weils, Win&low, Darnel B.
Wright, and John V. Wright—*9.
Pending the call of the roll,
Mr. TAYLOR (when his name was called)
stated that he had paired off' with Mr. Wakeman;
otherwise he should have voted against the reso-
lution.
The SPEAKER then announced "William Cul-
lom to be duly elected Clerk of tho Thirty-Fourth
Congress.
Mr. BALL, I now renew tlie resolution I
sometime since withdrew, to proceed to draw for
seats.
Air. VALK. I ask the gentleman from Ohio
to withdraw that resolution for a moment to un-
able me to make a motion in connection with the
lesokuimi juat adopted by the House.
Mr. 13ALL. I will withdraw for (hat purpose.
Mr. VALK. I inovfi that William Cullom,
having been duly electcd Clerk of the House for
the present Congress, be now sworn into office.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. Cullom then came forward, cscorted by Mr.
Mace, of Indiana, and the Speaker proceeded to
administer to him the oath of office.
DRAWING FOR SEATS.
Mr. BALL. 1 now renew my resolution, and
call the previous question upon it.
Mr. MACE. 1 move that the House do now
adjourn.
The question was taken, tuid tho House refused
to adjourn.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I hope that the
gentleman who has proposed that resolution will
alter it so as to provide thaf there shall be two
boxes, and the name placed in one and the num-
ber of the seat placed m the other, so that, when
the name is drawn, the number shall be an-
nounced. That will provide a much fairer plan
than that proposed.
Mr. MILLSON. I rise to what I conceive to
be a privileged question.
Mr. JONES. Has the previous question been
ordered ?
The SPEAKER. It has been called, but not
ordered.
Mr. MILLSON. I rise to what 1 conceive to
be a privileged question. The Speaker will dccide
whether it be or not; but, as it is essential to the
maintenance of order, I hope the resolution 1
have to propose will be adopted before the House
proceeds to the transaction of any otherbubiness.
The resolution I propose to offer is in the follow-
ing words:
Resohcrl, That the rule of the ln?r House of Represent-
atives be adopted as the rule< of this Hou-e until otiuu-
wise oideml.
Mr. CLIN&MAN. I ask the gentleman to
accept of an amendment which is made necessary
by an amendment adopted during the last session.
