1856.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1081
glad to know at what time the gentleman pro-
poses to s:ive it his attention5
Mr. MORGAN. To-morrow.
Mr. CAMPBELL. If the gentleman from
New York, or any other member, has any ob-
jection to point out to this bill,* I should be very
glad to give such explanation as I am able to
make in reference to it. I will state to him, and
to the committee, that there is no item in the bill
that is not predicated upon some law authorizing
the appropriation. The Committee of Ways and
Means were very careful to examine the items,
and to scrutinize every portion of the bill, and
they were unanimous in reporting it to the House.
My object is simply to let this bill goto the Senate,
where it will receive a load of amendments, a por-
tion of which, at least, this House will have to
resist; but I desire that the Senate may not have
cause to say that we have been dilatory in carry-
ing forward the legitimate business of the session.
I hope, therefore, the gentleman from New York
will allow this bill to go through. I assure him
that the Committee of Ways and Means were
unanimous in reporting it. We can then go into
Committee of the Whole, and take up another
appropriation bill, upon which the general debate
may proceed.
Mr. MATTESON. I dislike very much to
disoblige my friend from Ohio, but I desire to
move an amendment to this bill.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I will yield the floor tem-
porarily to the gentleman, that he may state his
amendment.
Mr. MATTESON. The amendment I have
to propose to this bill is this: by fonwr legisla-
tion the salary of the interpreter to the mission to
China was fixed at $2,500 a year. In accord-
ance with the request of the Secretary of State,
the Committee on Foreign Affairs have instructed,
me to report a bill increasing it to ยง5,000.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. That would not
be in order as an amendment to this bill.
Mr. MATTESOIV. I have the floor.
Mr. JONES. If the gentleman offers that amend-
ment, I raise the question of order, which I have
the right to do.
M^ MATTESON. The House, after full dis-
cussion, adopted amendments to the deficiency
bill, increasing the salaries of officers, and there
can be no more objection to the adoption of an
amendment in this bill raising the salary of an
interpreter, or a secretary of legation, than there
was of raising the salary of your librarian. This
is just as regular as that was. I voted against that
amendment. I did not think it was right; but the
House, after three days'discussion, sanctioned it.
When we reach the proper point in this bill, I
shall move to increase the salary of this interpre-
ter, and I shall ask to have read a letter from the
Secretary of State on the subject, and also a letter
from the gentleman for whose benefit this pro-
posed increase of salary is designed. If the point
of order is raised on me, I shall ask the commit-
tee to stand by what they settled here the other
day in another case.
Mr. STANTON. T have examined this bill
pretty carefully, and there is but one item in it
that 1 regard as at all objectionable. I allude to
the item of paying exchange upon the salaries of
foreign ministers; but it has been allowed so long
that! do not suppose it would be possible to re-
sist it successfully. I have, like my friend from
New York, an amendment which I thought of
asking the committee to incorporate into this bill;
but a question of order might arise upon it, and
I am willing, so far as I am concerned, as I trust
my friend from New York will be, to permit the
bill to go at once to the Senate, and trust the
Senate to put in the amendment. When the bill
comes back, we can agree or disagree to such
amendments as the Senate may incorporate in it
as we think best. I hope the committee will
allow the bill to be reported to the House this
Mi\*H. MARSHALL. I should like to know
whether these amendments will be any more in
order when they come back from the Senate than
thev are now'
Mr. STANTON. If the amendments are put
in ui the Senate, a question of order cannot be
raised on them here. It may be discretionary with
the House whether they will concur in them or
not, but no question of order can be raised upon
them. But, sir, I am for this amendment when-
ever it is offered. I only proposed that it should
not be offered now as a question of economy to
save time.
Mr. FLORENCE. I submit to the committee
that this is a very reckless course of legislation.
Do gentlemen stand here and seriously propose
before the House and the country to pass a bill
and send it to the Senate which they admit is not
perfect? So far as I am concerned, I have no
objection to the bill. I have consulted my oracle,
my friend J ones of Tennessee over there, [laugh-
ter,] and he says it is all right; but will gentle-
men permit an act to pass beyond their control
which they admit is liable to serious objection,
and trust to the generosity of the Senate to amend
it as they desire it shall be amended ? I am satis-
fied about it; I have no objection to reporting the
bill. I only ask whether'there is consistency in
gentlemen's conduct?
Mr. MATTESON. I'would like to oblige the
gentleman from Ohio, but I think that I "ought to
present the amendment which I have indicated
for the decision of the body.
The CHAIRMAN. A motion to rise and re-
port the bill is not in order while any member
proposes to amend it.
Mr. CAMPBELL. No objection coming from
other quarters to reporting the bill to the House,
my friend from New York withdraws the objec-
tion which he has made. I therefore move that
the committee now rise and report the bill to the
House.
The motion was agreed to. So the committee
rose; and
Mr. Stanton having taken the chair as Speaker
pro tempore,
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine, reported that
the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union had had the state of the Union generally
under consideration, and particularly c\ bill making
appropriations for the consular and diplomatic
expenses of the Government for the year ending
30th of June, 1S57; and had directed him to report
the same hack without amendment.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio. I demand the
previous question on the engrossment of the bill.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. There is evidently
no quorum present, and I hope the gentleman
will move to recommit his bill, and then that the
House will adjourn.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I move to recommit the
bill to the Committee of the Whole on the state
of the Union.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The bill is a
special order, and, in the opinion^f the Chair,
will come up to-morrow as a matter of course.
Mr. RUFFIN. 1 object to taking any vote on
a matter of so much importance, when there is
no quorum present.
Mr. HAVEN. I believe that either the motion
to recommit or the call for the previous ques-
tion will keep the bill before the House, and Acre-
fore move that the House do now adjourn.
THE NEUTRALITY LAWS.
Mr. QJJITMAN. I am about to leave the city,
and I hope the gentleman from New York will
withdraw the motion to adjourn, so that I may
introduce a bill.
Mr. HAVEN. Certainly, if the House has a
mind to do business without a quorum.
Mr. QXTTMAN, by unanimous consent, and
in pursuance of previous notice, introduced a bill
to repeal certain sections of the neutrality law;
which was read a first and second time, and re-
ferred to the Committee on the Judiciary.
MESSAGE FROM THE PRESIDENT.
A message in writing was received from the
President of the United States, by Sidney Web-
ster, his Private Secretary.
MESSAGE FROM THE SENATE.
A message was received from the Senate, by
Mr. Die kins, their Secretary, announcing that
the Senate had passed the following joint resolu-
tion and bill of the House:
Joint resolution (No. 3) relating to the appro-
priation for the improvement of the harbor of
Sheboygan, Wisconsin; and
An act (No. 303) creating _CoIumbus, m Ken-
tucky , a port of delivery.
Mr. BENSON, by unanimous consent, and in
pursuance of previous notice, introduced a bill
making an appropriation for the improvement of
the Kennebec river in th e State of Maine; which
was read a first andsecond time, and referred to
the Committee on Commerce.
Mr. McCARTY, by unanimous consent, and
in pursuance of previous notice, introduced a bill
to provide for the erection of a marine hospital at
the city of Oswego, New York; which was read
a first and second time, and referred to the Com-
mittee on Commerce.
PUBLIC BUILDINGS AT CAMDEN,
Mr. CLAWSON offered the following resolu-
tion; which was read, considered, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee on Commerce be instructed
to inquire into the expediency of purchasing a site, and
constructing a building;, in Camden, New Jersey, for the
purpose of a custom-hou^e and post office; and that they
report by bill or otherwise.
And then, on motion of Mr. JONES, of Ten-
nessee, (at halfpastfour o 'clock, p, m.,) the House
adjourned until to-morrow at twelve o'clock, m.
HOUSE OP REPRESENTATIVES.
Friday, May 2, 1836.
The House met at twelve, m. Prayer by Rev^
Henry C. Dean, Chaplain of the Senate.
The SPEAKER. The business first in order
is the consideration of bills reported from the
Court of Claims. The gentleman from Pennsyl-
vania is entitled to the floor.
JUDGE IRWIN.
Mr. RITCHIE. Before we go to that business,
I desire the unanimous consent of the House for
leave to present the memorial of Judge Irwin, of
the United States district court for the western
district of Pennsylvania, in order that it may be
referred to the Committee on the Judiciary, and
ordered to be printed. It will be recollected that
on yesterday a resolution in reference to Judge
Irwin's judicial conduct was referred to that com-
mittee. This communication was addressed to
the Committee on the Judiciary; but since the
matter has assumed its present shape, I have
thought proper to have it presented to the House,
and referred to that committee. It is only proper
to state that Judge Irwin requests the fullest and
most searching investigation of the whole sub-
ject.
Mr. PHELPS. I hope the gentleman will
modify his motion so as to include in the order
to print, the memorial of the bar of Pittsburg, in
the same matter.
Mr. RITCHIE. I accept the modification.
Mr. RuchieS motion,asmodified,was agreed
to.
MESSAGE PROM THE SENATE.
A message was received from the Senate, by
Asbury Dickins, announcing that the Senate
had passed, without amendment, the bill of the
House to surrender to the State of Illinois the
Cumberland road in said State.
WITHDRAWAL OF PAPERS.
On motion of Mr. PURYEAR, it was
Ordered, That leave be granted for the withdrawal from
the files, of She House of the petition and papers of William
Cummin, for the purpose of their reference to the Commis-
sioner of Pensions.
REPORTS FROM THE COURT OF CLAIMS.
Mr. HARLAN. I ask leave to introduce^ a
resolution, merely for reference.
Mr. GiDDIN&S. This is the day set apart
for the consideration of private bills. It is ob-
jection day, and it will not come again for some
time. My colleague, therefore, will pardon me
if I object to any other business. The gentle-
man from Pennsylvania has the floor on the bills
reported from the Court of Claims; but the mat-
ter being objected to, it goes over until next Fri-
day. 1 move that the House resolve itself into
a Committee of the Whole House on the Private
Calendar.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. Is not the busi-
ness first in order for consideration, the bills
reported from the Court of Claims?
The SPEAKER. They are still pending.
Mr. GIDDINGS. They are objected to; and
their consideration eoes over.
Mr. JONT.S. Why?
Mr. GIDDINGS. Because this is objection
day.
Mr. JONES. Objection day only applies to a
