1856.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
IMS
We hare the opinions of several skillful engineers,
showing the practicability of it. It will require
great labor; and the cost, as I have mentioned,
according to the highest estimates, will be over
$190,000. If the Senator from South Carolina
feels no particular interest in it, I will say that
the country back of it, on which they must rely
for defense whenever assailed by any powerful
force, wants to get this improvement, and to have
a free communication with the sea. They are
for giving all the protection under the war power
that can be given by deepening that channel.
Tennessee sends a considerable portion of cotton
through that channel abroad, and we get cheaper
freights there for our cotton, so that it is the pro-
ducer, at last, who is interested. We send our
wheat by the way of Charleston to New York,
and get it to market in that way four or six weeks
sooner and cheaper than our friends north of us
get theirs by the lakes, and we obtain higher
prices for it.
Mr, BUTLER. I hardly think it kind in my
friend to say that I feel no interest in Charleston,
or in this work. I feel a great interest in it. If 1
were a member of the Legislature of South Car-
olina, I would appropriate $300,000 rather than
not have the work done. I am not indifferent to
it. That is not a word which the gentleman has
a right to apply to me in reference to the interest
of my own State. I tell the gentleman that, if the
Federal Government were not to appropriate a
dollar, we would do the work ourselves; but, as
you are doing it for others, I see no reason why
you should not do it for us.
Mr. BELL, of Tennessee. I did not impute
anything to the honorable Senator.
Mr. BUTLER. Well; but these things go out,
that I am indifferent, and you are the sentinel.
Now, I say to the gentleman from Tennessee, I
am willing that Tennessee shall come down to us
and put her feet in the baptismal font of civiliza-
tion. [Laughter.]
Mr. WELLER. I have voted for a number
of these bills that came within the rule which I
have laid down for my own action—I mean those
which I regarded necessary for military or naval
purposes. I have voted against those which I
considered necessary only for commercial pur-
poses. 1 am afraid that my friend from South
Carolina will compel me to vote against tins bill.
I had formed an opinion that it was necessary for
naval purposes that this haibor should be im-
proved, and that the deepening of the channel
would enable your vessels of war to get inside
that harbor whenever it became necessary to seek
shelter either from the storms of heaven, or a
public enemy; but I understand the Senator from
South Carolina, who ought to know the locality
of this woik better than me, says it is only neces-
sary to facilitate commerce.
Mr. BUTLER. I do not say " onl
Mr. WELLER. That changes the wi
of the case, if the Senator did not say so. I was
on the other side of the Chamber at the time, and
take this emendation of his remarks. Wow, if the
Senator says it is necessary for naval purposes, I
will vote for the bill, and I will take his judgment
on that point.
Mr. BUTLER. In good faith I must say it is
not for naval purposes. It is for commercial
purposes; but it may be used for naval purposes.
I see no objection on the ground that it may sub-
seive two purposes.
WELLER. I will not decide how I shall
vote, as yet.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, and was read the third time.
Mr. SEWARD. I call for the yeas and nays
on the passage of the bill.
The yeas and nays were ordered; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 27, nays 14; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Allen, Bell of New Hampshire, Bell of
Tennessee, Bright, Cass, Clayton, Collumer, Fessenden,
Fish, Foot, Foster, Geyer, Hail.m, Houston, James, Jones i
of Tennessee, Pearce, Pratt, Pugh, Sebastian, Seward, i
Thompson of Kentucky, Thomson of New Jersey, Tiuin- i
bull, Wade, Wilson, and Wnght—27. !
NAYS—Messrs. Biggs, Brodllead, Brown, Butler. Clay, I
Fitzpatrick, Hunter, Iverson, Mallory, Mason, Reid, tihdeil,
Stuart, and Toombs—14.
So the bill was passed.
dubuque harbor.
Mr BELL, of Tennessee. At the request of 1
my friend from Iowa, [Mr. Jones,] I move a
reconsideration of the vote rejecting the Kill for
the improvement of Dubuque harbor, so that we
may have an opportunity of some further investi-
gation. I do not ask for action now.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The motion
will be entered.
CAPE COD HARBOR.
The bill (S. No. 179) to provide for the pro-
tection of Cape Cod harbor, Massachusetts, was
read the second time, and considered as in Com-
mittee of the Whole. It appropriates $4,000 for
the object indicated in its title.
Mr. SEWARD. This is an old work, and an
appropriation of $4,000 is necessary to preserve
it.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, read the third time, and passed.
IMPROVEMENT OP ILLINOIS RIVER.
The Senate next proceeded, as in Committee
of the Whole, to consider the bill (S. No. 164) to
continue the improvement of the Illinois river,
which proposes to appropriate $20,000.
Mr. HUNTER. Is there any report or esti-
mate for this ?
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. There is a ref-
erence on the face of the printed bill to the report
of the Secretary of War for 1855, pages 295,296,
and 347, 348.
Mr. HUNTER. I should like to ask whether
there has not been some special difficulty in clean-
ing out this river ? Did not the plan on which it
was commenced prove to be insufficient?
Mr. TRUMBULL. The information is con-
tained in the report sent to Congress by the Sec-
retary of War at the present session, and a refer-
ence is made on the printed bill to the pages of
the report. It will be seen there what the plan
is, and this is the amount recommended in that
report.
Mr. HUNTER. According to that report, is
it supposed that the river can be improved on this
plan ? Is it supposed to be sufficient ?
Mr. TRUMBULL. 1 understand so. 1 think
the report will satisfy the gentleman.
Mr. HUNTER. I have heard there were
some difficulties in the way. I should like to
hear that report. I have understood that the plan
which they have been pursuing has failed.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The report does not in-
dicate that. The Secretary will please turn to
the report at the pages stated in the bill, and read
it.
Mr. HUNTER. Before the report is read, I
desire to ask if this is not contrary to the rule
of the committee ? I understood they would not
improve a river that went through a single State.
I do not see why you should not improve all the
rivers within the States, if this is to be brought
within the system. This is in a single State, and
not more important than rivers which can be
found in each of the States of the Union, I sup-
pose.
Mr. STUART. If the Secretary is ready to
read any papers connected with this subject, I am
willing to hear them. I wish, however, to state
in a few words, why I cannot vote for this bill.
So far as my information goes, though I may be
mistaken as to the facts, I have not voted for the
improvement of a harbor or a river that is not jus-
tifiable upon any ground from which this author-
ity is claimed to be exercised by the Government
of the United States. To my knowledge I have
not voted for a river improvement where trans-
portation for the purpose of maintaining the
Army is not now carried on in the river, or where
it is not, like the Mississippi, traversing a whole
country—a public thoroughfare, over which Con-
gress possesses exclusive legislative jurisdiction;
nor for a harbor improvement where, for the pro-
tection of the naval armament of the country in
time of war, the improvement would not be neces-
sary. I may be mistaken about the facts, but this
is briefly the ground on which I have sought to
place my votes.
Now, in respect to the Illinois river: if it can
be improved by the General Government upon
any principle to which I have referred, I confess
I am not in possession of facts ,to justify the
conclusion. I am very much averse to detaining
the Senate on a question of this sort at this time,!
and I shall not do it. I will simply state, there-
fore, in the briefest manner possible, that for the
necessities of the naval armament of the country,
for the purposes of transportation of arms and
munitions of war, there is no necessity for an
improvement of the Illinois, river at this day.
For the purposes of commerce alone there is no
necessity for it. Taking the improvements which
exist in the State of Illinois, river and railroads
together, I venture to say that, if a private holder
owned river and railroad, he would not lay out
a dollar on the river.
I maybe asked, perhaps, by some Senator,
why I consented to the report of this bill ? I a,m
averse to seeking (• choke down a bill in a com-
mittee. I have said, therefore, in relation to
several of these bills, to the majority of the com-
mittee, {though I do not know that they would
not have been reported at any rate,) *' I will con-
sent to report the bill, so that the action of .the
Senate may be had on it; but I will not support
it." Inasmuch as I do not know of any consti-
tutional rule of propriety that governs me, which
will authorize me to vote for this appropriation,
I shall detain the Senate no longer than simply
to state that, for the brief reasons I have indi-
cated, I cannot support the bill.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I have not been able to learn
exactly at what point the constitutional scruples
of my friend from Michigan arise. I suppose
that if this Government has any power over the
improvement of navigable waters, that power
reaches as far as the waters are navigable, and
ceases where the navigation ceases. At least,
that is my view of the subject; and it is a matter
very immaterial to me whether the water be salt,
or fresh, or brackish, or whether it be in one
State, two States, three States, or in no State at all.
If the power exists in this Government to protect
navigation upon navigable water, it goes wher-
ever the water is navigable, in one or more States,
or wherever it may be. I do not accede to the
doctrine that the ebbing and flowing of the tide
controls the navigability of the water, contrary
to the truth of the case, or that it depends on its
being salt or fresh water, or on the accidental
circumstance that it is the boundary between two
or three States, or in one State. Hence,I do not
understand exactly the point on which my friend
from Michigan predicates his constitutional ob-
jection to the improvement of the Illinois river.
I confess that I would greatly prefer, as a citi-
zen of Illinois, the privilege of levying tonnage
duties on that river, and make our own improve-
ments, to having any appropriation from this
Government. I believe that would be better for
our people; but if you will not consent to that,
and are going to improve the mouth of Black
river, and of St. Joseph river, and of Grand river,
and of every other little river all over the coun-
try that is navigable for five miles and is within
the limits of one State, I do not know why you
cannot improve the navigation of the Illinois river,
that is navigable for two hundred and thirteen
miles from the Mississippi, and for thirteen hun-
dred miles below that point, through the Missis-
sippi, to the Gulf of Mexico. The Illinois river,
from its connection with the Mississippi to the
head of navigation, and its connection with the
Illinois and Michigan canal, is a better navigable
stream than the upper Mississippi, or the Ohio.
Boats of a larger class can run upon it. Its nav-
igation is interrupted a less portion of the year;
it has higher capacities of navigation than the
Ohio river. There are sand-bars in it, and shal-
low places which obstruct navigation in the drj
season, and at this particular time, perhaps, it is
obstructed more than is often the case in a series
of years.
But, my friend thinks it does not partake of
nationality. What will give nationality ? I chal-
lenge, on the point of nationality, a comparison
of the Illinois river with any other point which
you have had before you in any one of these bills.
Steamboat navigation begins at the Gulf of Mex-
ico, and goes up by New Orleans to the mouth of
the Ohio, by St. Louis to the mouth of the Illinois,
up to La Salle, the head of the navigation of the
Illinois. There you have a canal constructed by
a grant of land made by this Government, con-
necting it with Lake Michigan, and thence you
go from Lake Michigan into the Gulf of New-
foundland. This is one of the links of that chain.
It enables a vessel to enter the mouth of the St.
