1850.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
I hope the gentleman will add to the resolution
this proviso:
Provided, That notices to amend the rules may be made
under the same regulations as are required for themtroduc-
tion of bills.
Mr. H. MARSHALL. I -rise to a question of
order- 
The SPEAKER. The Chair decides that the
resolution proposed by the gentleman from Vir-
ginia [Mr. Millson] is not in order, pending the
resolution of the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr.
Ball.]
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I move to lay that
resolution on the table.
The question was taken, and the House re-
fused to lay the resolution on the table.
The question then recurred upon ordering the
main question; and being taken, the main ques-
tion was ordered to be now put.
Mr. JONES. I call for the yeas and nays upon
the adoption of the resolution.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
The question was then taken, and the resolu-
tion was adopted.
Mr. JONES. I hope now that the Speaker
will have that resolution executed by causing the
seats to be vacated, and to remain so until they
are selected by those whose names shall be drawn
from the box; and I will say to the Speaker that,
if he-does that, it will be the first time that it has
ever been done under the drawing process.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will endeavor to
execute the order of the House.
The House then proceeded to execute its order.
The names of the members, written on separate
slips of paper, were placed in a box, and as they
were drawn therefrom seriatim by the Clerk, the
members, Who had previously retired outside the
bar, entered and selected their scats.
SERGE ANT-AT-ARMS.
Mr. NICHOLS. I offer the following resolu-
tion, and upon it I demand the previous question:
Resolved, That Adam J. Glos&brenner be declared Spi-
.geant-at-Auns of the House of Representatives of the
Tlnrty-Fouuli Congress.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Pennsylvania. I move
that the House do now adjourn; and upon that
motion I demand tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Campbell
of Pennsylvania, and Smith of Tennessee, were
appointed.
The House was divided; and the tellers reported
.—ayes 99.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee, demanded the yeas
and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the affirmative—yeas 114, nays 99; as follows :
YEAS—Messis. Albright, Allison, Bali, Barbour, Henry
Bennett, Benson, BiIlmgliuisL, Bingham, Bishop, JMiss,
Biadshaw, Brenton, Broom, Buffington, Burhngamo, Jame^
Ii. Campbell, Chaffee, Ezra Clark, Collax,Coimns, Covode,
Cragin, Curnback, Damrell, Henry Winter Davis, Timothy
Davis, Day, De Witt, Dick, Dickson, Dodd, Durfee, Edie,
Etheudge, Evans, Flagler, Henry M. Fuller, Galloway,
Gidduigs, Gilbert, Grow, Robert J3. Hall, Harlan, Hairison,
Haven, Hoffman, Holloway, Thomas R. Horton, flowaid,
KeLsey, Kennett, King, Knapp, Knight, Knowltori, Knox,
Kunkel, Leitei, Lindley, Matteson, Killian Miller, Moore,
Morgan, Moirilt, Mort, Murray, Norton, JPaine, i'arker,
Peatee, Pelton, fentungton, Perry, Pottit, Pike, Porter,
Prmgle, Purvianoe, Iticaud, Ritchie, Riveis, Robbms, Rob-
erts, Robison, Sabin, Sage, Sapp, Scott, Sherman, Sim-
mons,William K. Smith, Stanton, Stranalian, Tuppuu, Tho-
rington, Thurston, Todd, Tiafton, Tyson, Underwood,
Valk, Wade, Waibndge, Waldron, Cadwalader C. Wash-
butne, Elhhu B. Washburne, Isiael Washburn, Watson,
"Welch, Whitney, Wood, Woodiuff, and Woodworth— 114.
NAYS—Messrs. Aiken, Allen, Baiclay, Baiksdale, Bell,
Hendley S. Bennett, Bocock, Bowie, Boyee, Branch,
Biooks, Burnett, Cadwalader, John P. Campbell, Lewis D.
Campbell, Garble, Carurhers, Caslue, Bayard Claik, Clmg-
man, Hovvoll Cobb, Williamson R. W. Cobb, Cox,Cra\v-
foid, Cullen, Davidson, Dean, Denver, Dowdell, Dunn,
Edmundson, Elliott, English, Eustis, Faulkner, Florence,
Foster, Thomas J- D. Fuilor.Goode, Greenwood. Augustus
Hall, Sampson W. Hani*, Thomas L. Harris, Herbeit,
Hickman, Houston, Jewett, Gcoige W. Jones, J. Gianey
Jones, Kent, Kelly, Kidwell, Letcher, Lumpkin, Mace,
Humphrey Mawha 11,Samuel S. Marshall, Maxwell, McMul-
 m, McQueen, Smith Miller, Millson, Millward, Nichols,
Andrew Oliver, Mordecai Oliver, Oir, Peck, Phelps, Powell,
Puryear, Quitman, Rcade, Ready, Richardson, Ttuflin, Rust,
Sandidge, Savage, Shorter, Samuel A. Smith, William
Smith, Sneed, Spinner, Stephens, Stewart, Swope, Talbott,
Tup]'-:, Vail, Walkei, Warner, Watkms, Well?. Wheeler,
Williams, Wmslow. Daniel B. Wright, John V. Wright,and
Zollicoller—99.
So the motion was agreed to*, and thereupon
(at twenty-five minutes to four o'clock, p, m.)
the House adjourned until to-morrow at twelve
o'clock, m.
Hoose op Representatives', February 4,1836.
Dear Sir : I observe in the Globe of this morning a note
appended by Mr. Barclay to bis remarks oi Saturday, in
which my reply to Mr. A. K. Marshall, of Kentucky, is
incorrectly stated. I have this moment conferred with Mr.
Marshall, and his recollection concurs with my own, that
the following is the substance of liis question and of my
answer:
"Mr. Marshall's question: " Are you hostile to, orhave
you ev^r denounced the American party ?"
My answer was: " It is not my liabit to denounce any-
thing—either men or measures; and I have friends in the
American party, though not a member of it myself."
Let me request you to publish this note in the Globe of
to-morrow.
Respectfully, yours, WILLIAM AIKEN.
John C. Rives, Esq.
Erratcm—Page 333, second column, 31&t line from the
bottom, for " disagreed to," read agreed to.
IN SENATE.
Tuesday, February 5, 1856.
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. Henry C. Dean.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATIONS.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore laid before the
Senate a report of the Secretary of State, made
in obedience to law, showing the disbursements
of that Department during- the fiscal year ending
the 30tli of June, 1855, including the contingent
expenses of foreign intercourse for the same
period; which was read, and, on motion by Mr.
Weller, ordered to lie on the table, and be
printed.
Also, a report of the Secretary of "War, made
in obediencc to law, showing the names of clerks
and other persons employed"in that Department,
other than officers of the Army, during the year
1855; which was read, and,on motion by "Mr.
Weller, ordered to lie on the table, and be
printed.
Also, a report of the Secretary of "War, com-
municating, m obedience to law, an abstract of
the returns of the militia of the States and Terri-
tories, with their arms, accouterments, and am-
munitions; which was read, and, on motion by
Mr. Weller, ordered to he on the table, and be
printed.
Also, a letter of the Secretary of War, accom-
panied by seventy copies of the Army Register
for 1856; which was ordered to lie on the table.
Also, a report of the Secretary of War, commu-
nicating, in compliance with a resolution of the
Senate, information respecting the defenses of the
coast from Mobile to New Orleans; which was
read, and, on motion by Mr. Clay, ordered to lie
on the table, and be printed.
Also, a report of the Secretary of War, commu-
nicating, in compliance with a resolution of the
Senate, copies of the correspondence between the
War Department and Captain J. F. Gilmer, in
relation to the application and expenditure of the
appropriation made by the last Congress for the
improvement of the Savannah river; which was
read, and, on motion by Mr. IvERsON,it was re-
ferred to the Committee on Comrflerce.
NAVAL RETIRING BOARD.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. It will be remem-
bered, sir, that we had a resolution under consid-
eration yesterday in relation to the naval retiring
board, which we expected to take up at half-past
twelve o'clock to-day. I have no disposition to
interfere with the honorable Senator from Ver-
mont, [Mr. Foot,] who has the floor on a subject
which is the special order for one o "clock to-day ;
and as I have an engagement which requires me
to leave the Senate "Chamber, I move to take up
the resolution, in order that it may be made the
special order for to-morrow, at om- o'clock.
The resolution was taken up, and, on motion
by Mr. Jowks, of Tennessee, it was postponed to,
and made the special order for, to-morrow,-at cme
o'clock.
FIRE-WOOD FOR THE POOR. ▼
Mr. CLAYTON. T ask the unanimous con-
sent of the Senate to introduce and have immedi-
ately considered a resolution which authorizes
some expenditure for the relief of the suffering
poor of this city. The severity of the season has
been long continued and unexampled; I believe
such a winter has never been known here before.
I am told the suffering has been such that in sev-
eral instances death has' resulted from the want
of the necessaries of life, and particularly fire-
wood. I offer this resolution, and I suppose the
mere reading of it will suggest the propriety of
its adoption, without any further observations
from me:
Whereas, the long-continued severity of tfre'h£eathe;r
has caused among the poor and destitute of the citjiof *
Washington an unusual and extreme degree of suffering-for
the want of fire-wood ;
Resolved, That, under the direction of the Sergeant-at-
Arms, wood be piocured and furnished in small and suit-
able quantities, for the use of such suffering poor and desti-
tute, until the severity of the weather shall abate, not
exceeding in the whole two hundred cords, to be paid for
out of the contingent fund of the Senate.
Mr. HUNTER. Mr. President, I regret very
much to be compelled to object to the considera-
tion of the resolution. -It seems to me unprece-
dented to apply the contingent fund of the Senate
to charities; indeed, I do not know that it comes
properly within the jurisdiction of the Senate to
dispense money for such apurpose. At any rate,
it seems to me that such an expenditure should
not come out of the contingent fund of the Senate.
I therefore ask that the resolution may He over.
Mr. CLAYTON. If the Senate will permit
me, I wish to make a suggestion in reply to what
has been said by the Senator from Virginia, and
then, perhaps, he may withdraw his objection.
This measure is not unprecedented; it has been
repeatedly adopted by both Houses—frequently,
I know, by the House of Representatives. I
believe I could easily refer the gentleman to a.
precedent in point. If the question of power is
to be called up, I will say that the power is that
which Congress, as the Legislature of the District,
mustexercise. If the honorableSenatorwilllook
at the papers of the day, he will see that, at this
very time, in most of the States, resolutions giving
relief in places in which the Legislatures are in
session are now being generally adopted. We
stand in this regard, and in reference to this city,
precisely as the State Legislatures do to the towns
where they hold their sessions, and to the people
of their States. As the suffering is extreme, and
as the relief is wanted at this moment—in a few-
days it will be too late—I hope my friend from
Virginia will withdraw his objection to the pres-
ent consideration of the resolution, and let it pass.
Its object is to distribute two hundred cords of
fire-wood to those who are suffering, and I repeat,
I have been assured that, in several instances, for
want of this necossary of life, death has resulted
to the sufferers by cold, never before equaled
here, either in intensity or duration.
Mr. HUNTER. Mr. President, if the Senator
desires it, 1 will not oppose the consideration of
the resolution to-day, but I cannot vote for it.
Congress may have the right to appropriate
money for such a purpose;—that is one thing;
but surely to appropriate it out of the contin-
gent fund of the Senate must be wrong. Wo
have no right to dispose of such subjects by the
simpleof the Sunate. On a question of the
appropriation of money, the House has a right
to say something. We can use the contingent
fund of the Senate for the uses and purposes of
the Senate, but for nothing else. If we go be-
yond this, it becomes a very dangerous fund; the
jurisdiction becomes a matter of controversy be-
tween the two Houses. It seems to me that, in
the disposition of that fund, it should be confined
simply to the uses of the Senate for the purposes
of legislation and the necessary machinery of the
Senate itself.
Mr. TOOMBS. I concur, Mr. President, with
the Senator from Virginia as to the impolicy of
appropriating this money, and especially appro-
priating it out of the contingent fund. That is
unquestionably a perversion of that fund to pur-
poses which are illegal. This money was drawn
out of th« Treasuiy by law, in pursuance of the
Constitution, for specific purposes. It is the
contingent fund of the Senate, to meet its con-
tingent purposes. It was not drawn for any other
purpose, nor was it drawn to be expended in public
charity; and, for myself, I am opposed in prin-
ciple to the appropriation of the funds of the coun-
try to provide for local destitution, which ought
to'be provided for, and doubtless can be provided
for, by this great and wealthy city, and by those
who visit it. This duty, I admit, falls upon all
individually, and upon the local government; and
