1850.}
APPENDIX TO THB €€WGBE9SK>N Mj GL0S&
m
34th Cons..,. 1st Sess.
Kansas Cmttsted Election—Mr. Bowie.
Ho. of Reps.
ber of "regal votes; Assuming, for the present,
that the Legislative Assembly had no jurisdiction
over that subject, no right to judge of the elections,
returns, and qualifications of its own members,
itiil their action on the subject may be regarded,
.at least, as the recognition of preexistent rights on
the part of the members elect. If they had no
.right to sit as judges of those .questions, it is
enough that they had no right to refuse their ad-
mission to seats.
But, Mr. Speaker, can there be any doubt that
this power, as a supervisory power, did belong to
the Legislative Assembly of KansasI. have en-
deavored to show that the right to judge of the
legality of votes, and the qualifications of the
electors, belonged, in the first instance, to the
judges of election, appointed by the Governor,
and that this right teas conclusive, as against the
Governor, not only because it was so made by
the very terms of his proclamation, but because it
was a right which, in its very nature, partook
more of die character of a judicial than an execu-
tive power. But, sir, it by no means follows,
that such a right, existing in the judges of elec-
tions, in the first instance, should be conclusive
also, as against the Legislative Assembly.
The constitutions and laws of all the States of
this Union contain provisions for the appoint-
ment of judges of election, to superintend and
conduct all elections within their limits. These
judges of election have the undoubted power,
in the first instance, to decide all questions touch- \
ing the right of voting, and the qualification of
the electors; and yet these same constitutions and
laws, in reference to all elections to the Legisla- '
tures of the States, give to those Legislatures the
power to judge of the elections, returns, and qual- ;
lfications of their own members—thus giving to
the Legislatures the power to review and super- |
vise the decisions of the judges of election- j
Now, sir, although the Constitution of the United
States expressly confides this power to each
House of Congress, and the constitutions of all
the States expressly confide the same power to
the Legislatures of the several States, yet, I ap-
prehend, there was no actual necessity for these
express grants of power over such a subject.
The argument of my friend from Mississippi
jMr. Lake,] which I listened to with the great- !
est pleasure, so thoroughly corresponds with my
own views, and is so conclusive of the question,
that I feel great embarrassment in attempting" to
add one word to its force. As very truly remarked !
by him, there is no statute which gives, in ex-1
press terms, this power to the British Parliament;;;
and yet it has been exercised by Parliament from
time immemorial. I may also add, there is no !
such provision in the charter which Charles II,
granted to Rhode Island, and which was her
only constitution until within a few years back.;
ana yet her Legislatures have exercised the
power from her earliest existence. Indeed, it
seems to be a power which belongs to all public i
bodies of men, who assemble in a representative
character. It belongs not merely to legislative
assemblies, but even our political conventions
claim and exercise the right. It is, in the very
nature of things, a necessary power; and no legis-
lative assembly, or other public representative
body of men, c& exist an hour independently
qfU. It has its origin in the common law of
all public representative bodies—in the old, time-
honored, and well-defined principles of the lex
Parliamentarie, or the unwritten law of the Par-
liament of England. I do not say, sir, it is an
inherent power. Inherent powers belong to
natural ana not to artificial or conventional bodies.
"But still, I say it is a necessary power. Its ex-
istence is created by its own necessity; and I
desire no higher Jaw of its being.
There is another view, Mr. Speaker, in which
this question has presented itself to my mind;
and which to me seems to be conclusive of the
whole subject of the legal existence of the Legis-
lative Assembly of Kansas.
The objection on the other side, as I understand
it, is, that the Legislative Assembly of Kansas
Was an illegally constituted body; and that, con-
sequently, all the laws passed by them were void
ona of no effect. But, sir, how can gentlemen get
over the fact, which is not controverted or denied,
that more than two thirds of the Legislative Assem-
bly were confessedly elected, and received their
certificates of election from the Governor, without
opposition or complaint from any quarter ? Whether
we look to the election of the 30th of March, or
to that of the 24th of April as the true legitimate
election, is wholly immaterial. If the Governor
j had no power to withhold certificates of election
from any of those who had been returned by the
! judges of electionas having had the highest num-
ber of legal votes on the 30th of March, and no
power to order a new election on. the 24th of April,
as I have endeavored to show, then it follows that
the whole thirteen Councilmen and twenty-six
members of the House of Representatives, elected
on .the 30th of March, were the only legitimate
members of the Legislative Assembly. If, on the
other hand, the Governor had the power con-
tended for by his friends, then the eleven mem-
bers of the Council, who were elected on the 30th
of March, and to whom he gave certificates of
election as being duly elected on that day; and
the seventeen members of the House of.Repre-
: sentatives, who were also elected on the same day,
and to whom he gave similar certificates of elec-
tion, together with the three persons who had been
elected on the 30th of March, and rejected by the
Governor, but reelected oil the 24th of May, mak-
ing twenty in the House of Representatives, and
eleven in the Council;—then, I say, these eleven
members of the Council, and twenty members of
the House of Representatives, thus elected and
commissioned without objections from any quar-
ter, constituted more than two thirds of each House;
and consequently, by the organic law of the Ter-
ritory, they had the constitutional powerto organ-
ize as a Legislative Assembly, and to pass any
law by a two-thirds vote in each House over the
veto of the Governor; or, perhaps, by a simple
majority, with the approval of the Governor,
which any other Legislative Assembly might
possess.
So far as the Senate and House of Represent-
atives of theUnited States are concerned, the Con-
stitution of the United States makes a majority
of each House a quorum to do business. The same
may be said of the constitutions of the several
States, in regard to their respective State Legis-
latures. In the present case I find no express
words on the subject of a quorum in the Legisla-
tive Assembly, in the organic law of the Terri-
tory; but the power to overrule tke veto of the
Governor, by a two-thirds vote in each House, is
expressly given to them by that law. Whether a
majority, or a still greater number is required to
constitute a quorum to do ordinary business by
the Legislature of Kansas in the absence of any
express provision .on that-subject in the organic
law, is a question which it is not necessary now
to discuss, since the validity of the laws passed
by that Legislature* and now called in question,
are not to be tried by the rules relating to a mere
ordinary legislative quorum, but by express pro-
visions in the organic law, conferring on the
legislative branch the power to check the Execu-
tive veto. The power to pass laws by a two-
thirds vote in each House over the veto of the
Governor is expressly given, and that is the pre-
cise manner in which the laws we are now con-
sidering were passed. I care not to inquire what
would be a legitimate quorum for ordinary pur-
poses of the Legislature of Kansas. It is enough
for me to know that they were passed by a vote
of two thirds in each House over the veto of the
Governor. Eleven members of the Council, and
twenty members of the House of Representatives,
were duly elected, and took their seats without
opposition or objection; and this is more than
enough to give vitality to their legal existence as
a legislative body. The remaining vacancies of
two in the Council, and six in the House of Repre-
sentatives—if, indeed, they can be called vacan-
cies—may, for aught we know, be existing to the
present hour. Sir, they may never be filled; but
whether filled or not, the omission to supply
them, or the filling them in a wrongful way, can
in no manner affect the legal existence of the
Legislative Assembly of Kansas.
I have thus, Mr. Speaker, endeavored to show
that, in no view of the case now before the House,
can we regard the action of the Legislative As-
sembly of Kansas in any other light than as a
legitimate exercise of constitutional power; and .
that all -the laws which have been passed by
that body, so far, at least, as they relate to the
legality of the election of its members, the power
to change the place of their meetings, the qualifi-
cations and returns of the electors and of them-
selves, and the regularity of their organization.
Even if these were questions properly cognizable
by this House, they are in all respects to be consid-
ered as the laws of a legally-constituted Legisla-
ture. I desire, however,before I bring my remarks
to a close, to notice some of the positions assumed
by the distinguished chairman of the Judiciary
Committee [Sir. Simmons] upon the subject of
the power of this House to pass upon the valid-
ity of State laws in cases involving the right of a.
member to a seat upon this floor. The learned
fentleman maintains that it is in the power of this
louse to judge of the constitutionality and valid-
ity of State laws, in all cases in which the " elec-
tion returns and qualifications" of members of
this House are concerned, and that in the exer-
cise of this power, it is also competent for this
House to go behind the character of the laws
themselves, and to inquire into the question of
the legality of the organization of the State Legis-
latures, and of the election and qualifications of
their members.
Mr. Speaker, I do not intend going over the
grounds of argument, so clearly and ably main-
tained in the report of the minority committee,
and in the speeches of the gentlemen I have
heretofore referred to, in opposition to so novel
and dangerous a doctrine. Jf think the friends of
State rights and of State sovereignty may safely
rest upon the force of those arguments, as a com-
plete refutation of so monstrous a pretension of
Federal power over the independent action of the
several States of this Union. But I desire to call
the attention of the learned chairman of the Ju-
diciary Committee [Mr. Simmons] to the great
and important distinction which exists between
the first and the second branches of the proposi-
tion, as stated by himself. Sir, it is one thing
to inquire into the validity of State laws where
they are in conflict with the privileges and quali-
fications of citizens, touching their election re-
turns and qualifications as membersof this House
as secured by the Constitution of the United
States, and quite another thing to inquire into
the election returns and qualifications of the mem-
bers of the State Legislatures themselves, by
whom such laws were passed. The former power
may rightfully belong to this House, as a com-
ponent part of the power to judge of the election
A re turns and qualifications of its own members,
while the latter power just as rightfully belongs
to the State Legislatures themselves as a compo-
nent part of the same power to judge of the elec-
tion returns and qualifications of their own mem-
bers.
To maintain the proposition in its ■whole ex-
tent, as laid down by the learned chairman of the
Judiciary Committee, he referred this House to
the case of Barney vs. McCreery, page 167 of the
Contested Elections. But, sip, if the learned gen-
tleman will look a little more carefully to that
case, he will find that it does Bot bear him out
in the position he assumes. The extent of that
decision is simply this, that the Constitution of
the United States having fixed the qualifications
of members, it is not in the power of a State to
prescribe by law additional qualifications. But,
sir, it will be perceived that this decision involves
directly the very question upon which the
House were in that case as now called upon to
i act, to wit, the "qualifications of its members."
j It assumes the constitutional and rightful organ-
ization of the Legislature of Maryland, which
! passed the law requiring the additional qualifiea-
i tion, and no question was raised as to such right-
ful organization. It assumed it as a settled "pre-
vious question," in the language of my friend and
colleague, [Mr. Davis;] and in no manner what-
ever does it relate to the question now under con-
sideration. If that case had decided that the law of
Maryland, under which McCreery had been elected
to Congress, was unconstitutional and void,6ecatise
the members of the Legislature which passed it, or
any of them, had been improperly elected, or were
disqualified from holding their seats in that body
at tne time, it would then have been an authority
bearing on the question before the House. But,
