3*6
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[April 8,
34th Comj....1st Sess.
Kansas Affairs—Mr. fValdron.
Ho. of Reps.
sir, the learned gentleman from New York will,
1 think, search in vain for any such adjudicated
case.
The learned gentleman was equally unfortunate
in his reference to the case of Potter vs. Robbins,
in the same book. That case, so far from sustain-
ing- any of the positions assumed by him, is di-
rectly against him on the point now before us.
The fhcts of that case are these: Mr. Robbins
was elected by the Legislature of Rhode Island a
Senator of that State on the 19th of January, 1833,
for the term of six years from the 4th of March
following. His credentials in due form were made .
out and furnished him. At a subsequent Legis-
lature, held in October, 1833, this election was
declared void, " on the ground that the Legislature
by which it wasmade,had not, at the time, a due and
legal existence," and they proceeded to the election
of another person, and elected Mr. Potter. The ,
question arose in the Senate of the United States, j
who was entitled to the seat. And after a long
and elaborate report from the Committee of Elec-
tions, drawn up by Mr. Poindexter, and support-
ed by Clay, Calhoun, and Webster, it was determ- :
. ined by the Senate that Robbins was entitled to J
his seat on the grounds first, that a subsequent
Legislature of a State had no right to declare the
acts of a former Legislature void, on the ground
that it has not " a due and legal existence;" and,
secondly, because the Senate of the United States
could not themselves look behind the organization
. of the Legislature of Rhode Island which elected
Robbins, and inquire into the question of its due
and legal existence—that being a question of organ-
ization belonging exclusively to the General As-
sembly itself. I beg leave to call the attention of
the learned gentleman, and of the House, to the
opinion of the committee—particularly on the ;
latter question. It is to be found on page 911 of J
Contested Elections, and is in these words: 1
" The Constitution of the United States expressly declares
that' the Senate of the United States shall be composed of
two Senators from each State, chosen by the Legislature
thereof;' but what is the definition of the term Legislature ?
Both its literal and technical meaning is, ' the power that
makes laws.' It is the highest attribute of sovereignty, and
merges all other powers when it does not transcend the
limitations contained in the fundamental constitution of the
State. When, therefore, we find that, during the existence
of the General Assembly, one branch of which was con-
tinued and held their seats by virtue of the law of January,
1833, this Legislature passed fourteen laws of a general
nature, and twenty-eight private acts, many of them acts
of incorporation, besides numerous resolutions on various
.subjects falling within the range of legislative power, a
schedule of which is hereunto annexed, marked C; and
when these laws and resolutions remain on the statute-book
of Kbode Island in full force and effect, sanctioned
judicial decisions, and tacitly submitted to by the people
.over whom they operate, it would seem to your committee
a very dangerous assumption of power in one branch of
' Congress, or even in every Department of the General Gov-
ernment combined, to interfere with the interna! regulations
of the State, and to denounce the body by which these laws
and resolutions were passed as a mere assemblage of citizens
without any public authority whatever, and not the Legis-
lature of the State. Such a power does not belong to the
Federal Government, and would, if claimed and carried out
to its full extent, annihilate all the reserved rights of the
States. It is a general principle of national law, applicable
to all distinct and independent Governments, that if there
Wise any disputes in a State on the fundamental laws and
public administration, or on the prerogatives of the different
powers of which it is composed, it is the business of the
State alone to judge and determine them in conformity to
its political constitution. No government has a right to
intrude into the domestic affairs of another State, and
attempt to influence Us deliberations or to control its action.
-«• - Pr!,nciPle is recognized in the Constitution of the i
United btates, by which the respective States united and
formed themselves into a Federal Republic. Conceding, ]
as we feel bound to do, to the State of Hhode Island, in !
common with all the other States of the Union, the power I
to decide for itself all questions relating to its domestic
P°J1C-V'> u'ere would seem to be no ground on which to rest
a doubt that she has decided, in the most solemn manner, 1
the character and powers of the body by which Mr. Bobbins
was chosen a Senator to Congress." j
It will thus be seen, Mr. Speaker, how clearly
and thoroughly the authority of this case bears
on the identical question before the House. 1 am
at a loss to understand how the learned chairman
of the Judiciary Committee, [Mr. Simmons,] as
well as the gentleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr.
Todd,] who also relied on this case, could have so
misconceived its purport. i think, on a more
careful examination, they will be satisfied that it
is altogether in conflict with the positions as-
sumed by them.
The distinguished chairman of the Judiciary
Committee also said, that in some of the States,
and I think he said in his own State, the consti-
tution had prescribed that certain descriptions of
laws should not be passed by the Legislature, ex-
cept by a vote of two thirds of its members. And
that in a case where the legal and constitutional
existence of such a law was involved, the courts
of his State had decided that they could go behind
the law itself, and inquire into the fact whether it
was passed by a two-third vote.
Well, sir, I do not doubt the correctness of
this decision; but I cannot see its application to
the present case. It establishes no more than the
principleIhavealreadyadmitted. Thequestionin
the case cited was the constitutionality or validity
of the law itself—not having been passed by a vote
of two thirds, as required by the constitution of
the State—and not the legal existence of the legis-
lative body which passed it. It may be that, in
all actions at law, founded upon public statutes,
where the statute itself is the gist of the action.
if the existence of the statute, either in point of
fact or law, is put in issue by a proper plea,
the courts may go behind the passage of the
law, and inquire into the facts ana circumstances
that surround it. But the courts do this in the
exercise of a general judicial power, which ex-
tends to all questions of a judicial character not
otherwise conferred upon special tribunals. But
the learned gentleman can cite no case in which
it has been held by any of the courts, either in
this country or in England, that they can inquire
collaterally into the correctness of judgments ren-
dered by coordinate tribunals of competent juris-
diction. The general principle has been well
stated, that where a court of competent jurisdic-
tion has rendered its judgment on the matter sub-
mitted to it, the correctness of that judgment
cannot be impeached in a collateral way, but only
! by a direct appeal provided for by law. The
' reason, sir, of this rule is, that a contrary doc-
trine would lead to interminable disputes, and,
instead of the science of the law being the per-
fection of human wisdom, it would become an
ingeniously-contrived web of error and contra-
dictions.
And now, Mr. Speaker, in conclusion, let me
ask, why is all this excitement, and why is all
this zeal? I fear, sir, an excitement too feverish,
a zeal too impulsive, to promote the happiness or
the peace of our common country. The question
itself, is simple in its character, and the parties
to the contest being strangers, have no peculiar
claims on our sympathies. What is it, then, that
makes this question " the great and overshadowing
idea of the limes ?" Sir, I fear there are " burning
embers beneath the surface, that are smothered only
by their ownweakness;" and yet " I would not have
treason chargedto any one of you." The times them-
selves are full of excitement. And, sir,in States
and Governments that rule with despotic sway,
this excitement would indeed be a wholesome
excitement; but in this our beloved country there
ought to be no excitement but the excitement of
an ardent patriotism, ever ready to be sacrificed
on the altar of the Union.
Mr. Speaker, I have heard with deep regret the
denunciations of our northern brethren against
the slave States of this Union. They speak of
them as an "oligarchy of slavery," and, in the
language of Mr. Seward, " the aristocracy of
slavery." Sir, why such terms are used I cannot
comprehend, unless it be that those who employ
them are themselves aristocrats, and envy the i
southern States the aristocracy of their own insti- I
tutions. Sir, I believe Mr. Seward " has let the
cat out of the bag," and that this is the true I
secret of all their opposition to southern slave- j
holders, " et hinc ille lachrymal." The aristoc- j
racy of slavery! Sir, the aristocracy of the North ;
is the aristocracy of white slavery—the cold, I
heartless, selfish, cruel, and despotic power of
wealth—which brings to its feet, as an humble !
supplicant, the labor of the white man. The 1
poorer classes there are ground down to the earth;
and the only question among them is, who can
make the other work for him, a species of white
slavery that I utterly abhor. Sir, I was born and
have lived all my life among southern slavehold-
ers, and I can tell Mr. Seward, "etid omne genus,"
what the aristocracy of southern slavery is. It
is, in fact, the aristocracy of nature, and not the
aristocracy of conventional deceits. It is the
I aristocracy of enlightened intelligence, of love, of
! j kindness, of magnanimity, of honor, of generosity,
j; of valor, of independence, of hospitality, and,
above all, of indomitable energy. And if, in the
patriotism of the North, they can hate aristocracy
like this, I do not envy them the emotions of their
hearts.
, Sir, if this question has been sprung upon
II the South for no other purpose than to insult
![ and abuse them, I fear the times, indeed, forbode
ji great evils. I warn gentlemen " to look well be-
|1 fore they leap," for he who soweth the storm
i I must expect to reap the whirlwind. If the seeds
of discord and disunion are to be scattered among
the States of this our beloved and glorious coun-
try, accursed be the evil genius that lends a help-
ing hand! May the arm that is now uplifted to
strike down the stars and stripes of this great
Confederacy be palsied by the benignant power
of an overruling Providence! May we once
more, sir, become a happy and a united people,
and, living in the bonds of fraternal love, present
: as a living spectacle to the world an enduring
monument of national greatness !
KANSAS AFFAIRS.
SPEECH OF HON. H. WALDRON,
OF MICHIGAN,
In the House of Representatives,
April 8, 1856.
The House being in the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union—
Mr. WALDRON said:
Mr. Chairman: I do not rise for the purpose
of taking part in any discussion, relative to the
right or duty of the General Government, as con-
nected with the institution of slavery. The State
that I have the honor in part to represent, has
made known her sentiments on that subject too
clearly and distinctly, to render any additional
testimony necessary in her behalf. Her people
Have, amid all the changing fortunes of partisan
warfare, expressed but one opinion and main-
tained but one position in vindication of the right
of the General Government to prohibit the exten-
sion of slavery; and I do not deem it necessary
now to reaffirm, by words, the convictions that
my constituents have so often embodied in their
votes.
But I occupy the floor for the purpose of ad-
dressing myself to the practical questions that
are now before the House—questions that con-
cern the interests of my fellow-citizens on the
other side of the Missouri—questions that involve
the peace and prosperity of a vast domain; and 1
i leava the discussion of abstract political issues to
fentlemen whose tastes and inclinations run in that
irection. My business now, as a legislator, is
with the residents of Kansas; their troubles and
their trials; their wrongs and their grievances.
It is to these matters that our attention has been
called by a variety of official communications,
and they constitute legitimate subjects for our
consideration. I shall refer briefly to the origin
and nature of these troubles, aj^d then cite prece-
dents in our past history, that justify the imme-
diate admission of Kansas as a free State, as their
just and appropriate remedy.
The troubles in the Territory of Kansas were
the subject of an executive communication to thia
body before it was organized, or in a condition
to give it appropriate consideration; and, besides
that message, there have been other communica-
tions to this House that disclose a state of affairs
unknown and unparalleled in the history and
experience of a Territory. It is disclosed here,
in a memorial duly presented and referred, that
the residents of that Territory have been over-
powered by the citizens of an adjoining State—
that they have been driven from their polls by
violence—that they have been denied their appro-
priate rights and privileges—that an invading
force has placed over them, and in defiance of
them, a Legislature that is the creature of usurp-
ation, and to which they owe no fealty. It is
further charged, that this assembly of usurpers,
chosen by non-residents, has given the form of
law to enactments that conflict with the organic
