1956
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
August 6,
Lawrence and come out at the Gulf of Mexico,
through several thousand miles of interior navi-
gation. If there is any one river, or one body of
navigable water, that has more nationality—that
is connected with more thousand miles of steam-
boat and ship navigation than any other, it is the
Illinois river. The vast of amount of goods that
is shipped from New York through the line of the
lakes to the western States, goes through the New
York canal, thence by shipping to Chicago, then
through the Illinois and Michigan canal, arid
down the Illinois river to St. Louis. Prom there
it goes up to Minnesota, Iowa, and the upper
Mississippi, or up the Missouri to Kansas and
Nebraska, and to western ftwa, and spreads all
over the western country. This is the great line
of communication between the lakes and the
whole series of western States. It occupies the
same position to that channel of trade, that the
Hudson river does at the other end of the line.
You may say the Hudson river is not national
on your plan of improvements; yet, the whole
current of goods that goes from New York, takes
its passage up the Hudson, through the Erie canal
into the lakes, crosses the lakes to Chicago, goes
through the Illinois canal into the Illinois river,
down the Illinois river until it gets to the Missis-
sippi, and then spreads all over the western States
ana Territories.
I do not understand why this objection is made
to the improvement of the navigation of the
Illinois river. In point of importance it stands
a thousand fold above any appropriation made
to the State of Michigan for its Black rivers, and
St. Joseph rivers, and Grand rivers, and other
rivers. They are of no importance to the great
line of commerce, except when a vessel happens
in a storm to be driven ashore, and is forced to
take shelter in them. Nine tenths of the vessels
passing never touch them. Through the channel
of Illinois river this whole line of trade has to
pass, on its way to St. Louis, for distribution in
every direction on the western waters. Sir, so
far as commercial importance is concerned, this
stands preeminent in all the western country,
1 am sorry to find my friend from Michigan,
the moment he has got a few appropriations for
a few petty streams in Michigan, making war
upon every other appropriation that may be
brought up for the Slates west of him, I treated
his appropriations fairly. I was governed by no
jealousies. I stated my opinions on each case
fairly and frankly and dispassionately as it arose.
I am sorry my friend from Michigan should have
made such attacks on improvements so pecuhaily
national as Unit of the Illinois river. I will not
do him the injustice lo suppose that he is gov-
erned by sectional prejudices; but it so happens
in this Confederacy that no man can see anything
west of him. Whatever his locality may be, he
thinks he must stand and look eastward towards
the rising sun. A man at New York looks east-
ward; a man at Buffalo looks eastward; one at
Detroit looks eastward; one at Chicago looks
eastward; one at each point of the lakes looks
eastward, and never sees what is behind linn.
The consequence is, that the man furthest west
has a butter knowlege of the topographical and
locality of the internal resources of this great
Republic. My friend, standing at Kalamazoo,
has not found out that there is anything west of
3mn, and of course has a very small apprecia-
tion of the resources-of this country for that rea-
son. If the Illinois river stood e*st instead of
west of him, and his produce or goods had to
pass through the Illinois river to get to a market,
nc would appreciate it as he does the St. Clair
flats; as lie does the haibors upon the lakes; as he
docs the Hudson and all the other dliferent links
in that great chain of national internal navigation
extending from east to west I do not see the
force of the objection that this work is not essen-
tial to"the commerce of the country. Sir, there
is no link in this chain of navigation more essen-
tial to the commcrce of the country.
It is objected, however, that it is not essential
to the national defense. Be it so. What one of
those improvements is essential to the national
defense? What one of those improvements is
prompted by a desire to protect the country
against foreign invasion ? Every one of them
rests upon commerce, and commerce alone, and
no one of them upon military defense. Wherever
the argument of military defense is used, it is a
pretext to £uard the real motive for the appro-
priation. Iimpeach no man's intentions; but we
all know that if there was no other consideration
connected with these appropriations than that of
the national defense, there would be no partic-
ular desire for them on the part of the people of
the different localities. They are appropriations
for commerce, for the protection of navigation,
to facilitate navigation, and not for the national
defense.
I say, then, in conclusion, (for I am unwilling
to protract this debate, or occupy time,) that if
this system of appropriations from the Federal
Treasury, instead of leaving the improvements
to the localities, is to prevail, you have no object
of greater importance to the general commerce of
the interior of the country than this appropria-
tion for the Illinois river. With these remarks
I submit the question to the vote of the Senate.
Mr. STUART. The Senator from Illinois
expresses his regret that I should have interposed
any objection to this hill. I have no regret to
offer on that subject; but I do regret that the hon-
orable Senator, in stating his views on this matter,
did not find himself able to do it without imput-
ing improper motives to me. The Senator from
Illinois may have very superior knowledge of the
magnitude of the commerce of the western coun-
try to that which I possess; and it may be true
that he has not. That I shall leave to be determ-
ined at the proper time, and by the proper tribu-
nal, whenever it may arise. He says that no man
can look west of him; and yet T suppose the Sen-
ator would hardly be willing to applyhisargument
to himself. He has for the last two or three days
entertained the Senate, and very interestingly,
upon subjects and commerce that lie west of him.
He made a powerful argument yesterday against
the appropriaion at Dubuque, far westof'Chicago,
wheie he resides.
Mr. DOUGLAS. But I lived for a great part
of my life on the banks of the Mississippi.
Mr. STUART. I thought 1 knew something
about Dubuque also; but the Senator expressed
my views so fully, that I was contented to vote
with him without saying a word. I voted for the
bill improving the rapids in the Mississippi; I
voted for the bill improving the Missouri. There
has nota. bill of improvement come up which lies
west of my locality, to which the honoiable
Senator refers, that I have not voted for, except
the appropriation at Dubuque, which he argued
and voted against, and I agreed with him. Thus
far for his argument and the facts.
Now, he says he does not understand the dif-
ference between the Illinois river and the Missis-
sippi. The Illinois river is under the exclusive
jurisdiction of the State of Illinois; and, so far
from requiring any consent on the part of Con-
gress to levy tonnage duties, Illinois possesses
the power. It has been ho held in the courts m
our Stales. The question has been decided in the
State of Michigan over and over again, in respect
to the effect of the oidmance of 1787 upon rivers
lying wholly within our State, and the court held
that the restriction was ended when the Stale
assumed its form and authority as a State, and
was admitted into the Union. Take the case of
the Hudson river. That bill has not yet come
up; but it has been decided by the highest judicial
tribunal, that the Hudson river is not under the
control of the State of New York, if I recollect
aright.
Air. DOUGLAS. It is the reverse.
Mr. STUART. The Senator from New York
can correct me, if I am wrong.
Mr. SEWARD. Let me state, for the inform-
ation of the honorable Senator, that there was a
monopoly given by the State of New York to
Robert Fulton, for the use of steamboats for the
term of fifty years, on the waters within the State
of New York. Robert Fulton attempted to enforce
that monopoly on the vessels of the Hudson river,
and he was sustained by the courts of the State
of New York. An appeal was taken by Gibbon,
who resided in the State of New Jersey, to the
Supreme Court of the United States; and, upon
that case—the leading and first case, Gibbon vs.
Ogden—it was decided that the waters of the
Hudson river were under the jurisdiction of
Congress, and the monopoly was void. Robert
Fulton's monopoly has not expired, and is
enforced for the use of steamboats on Chautauque
lake, Cayuga lake, Seneca lake, Lake George, and i
Onondaga lake; but is not applied to any navigable
river in the State of New York.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I desire to understand the
Senator from New York. The Supreme Court
of the United States reversed the decision of the
Supreme Court of the State of New York, so far
as the Hudson river was concerned, and that was
the only case before them.
Mr. SEWARD. Yes, sir.
Mr. DOUGLAS. Then the decision of the
Supreme Court of the United States is against
the proposition stated by the Senator from Mich-
igan.
Mr. STUART. I do not understand it so.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I do. The State of New
York chartered a company, and gave them the
exclusive privilege of the Hudson river 
Mr. SEWARD. All the waters in the State
of New York.
Mr. DOUGLAS. The case arose on the Hud-
son river?
Mr. SEWARD. Yes, sir.
Mr. DOUGLAS. The supreme court of New
York sustained the monopoly as to the Hudson
river, but the Supreme Court of the United States,
on an appeal, reversed the decision, and threw
the Hudson river open to the commerce of the
world.
Mr. SEWARD. Practically, the Senator is
right; bwk instead of the supreme court, the ques-
tion was in chancery, before Chancellor Kenton
an injunction, and 1 believe from that went to the
court of errors, the court of dernier resort from
the court of chancery, and came up, not through
the supreme court of New York, but the court
of errors.
Mr. DOUGLAS. The point I make is, that
whilst the courts of the State of New York sus-
tained the monopoly, the Supreme Court of the
United States reversed their decision to the ex-
tent that it ever came before them. Hence the
decision of tiie supreme court of New York is in
favor of the Senator from Michigan, but the de-
cision of the Supreme Court of the United States,
reversing the State decision, is against him.
Mr. STUART. Mr. President, I once heard
a very interesting anecdote of an incident that
occurred in a court of justice. Just at the close
of a session, it was found that a case vstanding on
j default had been omitted, and the jury were
gone, and there was no means of assessing the
damages. It was suggested by the counsel that
they make up a jury of the members of the bar
to assess the damages. They impanneled a jury,
and after a six hours' session, they were unable
to agree, and were discharged. Now, to under-
take a legal discussion here in the Senate of the
United States, with the Senator from Illinois,
might result as unfortunately as that. I spoke
from recollection; I do not know that I have
looked at that case in fifteen years; but ifl recol-
lect nright, the Supreme Court of the United
States reversed the decision in New York, upon
the ground that the Constitution conferred upon
the United States the power to regulate com-
merce; that that power covered the Hudson river;
that it was then under the jurisdiction of the
Government of the United States for the purpose
of commeice, and not of the State of New York;
and reversed the judgment below for that reason.
The State of Illinois, I say, has jurisdiction
and control over the Illinois river. It can im-
prove that river, and collect tolls to any extent
the Legislature of Illinois see lit. Can it 0 that
on the Mississippi? Not at all. Can it do that
on the Ohio river? Not at all. It has been de-
cided that the Congress of the United States
alone possessed the power of regulating com-
! meiee on those waters, and we have exercised
| it. 1 see, therefore, a distinction, and a very
j groat distinction.
I was not especially pleased with the manner
in which the Senator from Illinois saw fit to refer
to the appropriations which had been made for
harbors lying within the State of Michigan.
There is not a single one of them that is not
necessary for purposes of the naval defense of
the country, if there shall ever be a war be-
tween the United States and England. There is
not one of them that is not necessary to protect
the vessels which the United Siates own on those
lakes now. There is another fact which I wish
to state. When the Senator made an argument
sgainst one of those harbors, I did not object to
