1082
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 2,
Committee of the Whole House. "We are now
111 the House, and the bills from the Court of
Claims are equally important with the bills on
the Private Calendar, and may as well be now
disposed of.
Mr. RITCHIE. I wish to state here that I
am entitled to the floor upon this matter, and am
ready to proceed now — as ready as I shall be
next Friday—and I should like to do so, as I
dislike, after I have prepared my remarks, to
keep them onhand. Yet,as this is objection day,
and many members desire to procecd to the con-
federation of bills upon the Private Calendar, I
will yield to a motion to go into a Committee of
the Whole on the Private Calendar, with the un-
derstanding that we are, next Friday, to take up
the business from the Court of Claims, and dis-
pose of it then. But X am willing that the House
shall express their wish in reference to going into
the Committee of the Whole. Before I yield to
Buch a motion, I move that when the House ad-
journs, it adjourn to meet on Monday next.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. GIDDINGS. I move that the House re-
solve itself into a Committee of the Whole on
the Private Calendar.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. How does the
gentleman get the floor to make that motion ?
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Penn-
sylvania yielded to the gentleman from Ohio for
the purpose of making the motion.
The motion was agreed to.
THE PRIVATE CALENDAR.
The House accordingly resolved itself into a
Committee of the Whole House, (Mr. Jones, of
Tennessee, in the chair,) and proceeded to the
consideration of the Private Calendar.
This being objection day, the bills and joint
resolutions on the Calendar were taken up 111 their
order; and those to which no objection was made
were, under the rule, without debate, laid aside
to be reported to the House.
A bill (H. R. No. 13S) for the relief of the
representatives of Robert King, deceased.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. I suggest that,
by unanimous consent, this bill bo passed over
informally until the gentleman from Georgia,
[Mr. Stephens,] who reported it, shall have
returned.
The bill was passed over informally for the
present.
A bill (H. R. No. 130) to grant to L. Jane
Horner and children a section of land ill Oregon.
It provides that one section, or six hundred
and forty acres of land, in the Territory of Ore-
gon, being the tract formerly in possession of
limanuel Horner, and on which his wife, L. Jane
Horner, and hor children now reside, bo granted
to the said wife and children, in the following
manner: the south half of said section to the said
L. Jane Horner, in her own right, and the north
half to her said children; provided it be shown to
the satisfaction of the register and receiver in
Oregon, with the approval of the Commissioner
of the General Laud Office, that the continued
possession by the said L. Jane Horner has been
sueh as, under the conditions of the act of Sep-
tember 27, 1850, in regard to settlement, would
entitle her to a donation, and sueh as would have
ejititled the said Emanuel Horner to a donation
had he remained in possession.
The bill was laid aside to be reported to the
House.
An act (S. No. 60) for the relief of Anson
Dart.
It provides that the proper accounting officers
of the Treasury Department be authorized and |
directed to account with and allow to Anson Dart, !
late superintendent of Indian affairs in Oregon
Territory, for the time he served as such, $3,500
per annum, deductingtherefrom the compensation [
received by the said Anson Dart as superintend- I
ent of Indian affairs for Oregon Territory; the |
same to be paid out of any money in the Treasury
not otherwise appropriated.
Mr. Dart was appointed superintendent in the
year 1850, and served in that capacity for the
term of nearly three years; during the period of
his service, he had under his superintendence the
Indian affairs of ail the country now included
within the Territories of Oregon and Washing-
ton; he was a faithful officer, and discharged
his duties in a manner highly satisfactory to the
Government; during the whole of his superintend-
eney, peace and quiet, were maintained amongst
all the Indian tribes under his care, and also be-
tween them and their white neighbors. At the
time of his appointment the salary affixed to the
office was $2,500 per annum; but he was assured
by the chairman of the Committee on Indian
Affairs of the Senate, and by other members of
that body, that a bill which was then pending for
an increase of the salary of the superintendent
of Indian affairs in California should be made to
include the superintendent of Oregon, and such
provision had the sanction and approval of the
Indian Bureau; but by accident or oversight the
bill was not so amended as to provide for it; and
the bill passed fixing the salary of the superin-
tendent in California at §4,500, without changing
that of Oregon; since which time and since the
termination of the official service of Mr. Dart, it
has been considered proper, and Congress has
divided the Territory formerly under his care,
and there is now a separate superintendency for
each of the Territories of Oregon and Washing-
ton.
The bill was laid aside to be reported to the
House.
A bill (H. R. No. 186) for the relief of W. M.
F. Magraw, contractor for carrying tiie mail on
route No 8911, from Independence, Missouri, to
Salt Lake, Utah Territory.
Mr. WALBR1DGE. 'I object to the bill.
Mr. WALKER. I hope the gentleman will
withdraw that objection; and my reason is not
confined entirely to the consideration of the merits
of the case, but that action upon it now is needful
for the benefit of the Post Office Department.
Mr. WALBRIDGE. I will withdraw my
objection until the report is read.
The report was then read.
Mr. Walbridoe renewed the objection.
A bill (II. R. No. 135) for the relief of the
representatives and sureties of Robert King,
deceased. Reported with an amendment..
It authorizes and directs the district attorney
of the United States for the district of East Ten-
nessee to dismiss the suit by him instituted in
favor of the United States on the official bond of
the late Robert King, former pension agent at
Knoxville, Tennessee; and directs that the claim
of the United States founded upon said bond, and
sought to be enforced in said suit, be released
and discharged.
The CormfliUee on the Judiciary report the
following amendment:
Provided, however, That the accounting officer of the
Trcamuy shall tim adjust the accounts ot Robert King as
pension agent, allowing to the defendants for lum two per
cent, on the moneys paid out l>v hull tor all the tune he
acred ju such agent, and lor winch he was never allowed,
and that the delemlants shall have first paid the baienee, it
any, which may be iound dne to the United States.
The question was taken on the amendment, and
it was agreed to.
The bill, as amended, was then laid aside to be
reported to the House.
A bill (H. II. No. 134) authorizing a settlement
of the accounts of Charles P. Babcock, late In-
dian agent at Detroit, in the State of Michigan.
It authorizes and requires the Secretary of the
Treasury to adjust and pay the accounts of
Charles P. Babcock, late Indian agent at Detroit,
in the State of Michigan; and that, in making such
adjustment, certain vouchers, heretofore presented
by lum. and now on file, for expenses incurred
for premiums paid in exchanging and collecting
drafts, and also for one quarter's salary for his
own services, shall be allowed and paid: provided
that any balance thus found due said Babcock
shall first be applied in liquidation of his indebt-
edness to the United States, if any there shall be,
and the remainder only shall be paid to him.
The Committee on Indian Affairs report the
following amendments:
Line 8. After the word u premiums*' strike oat the word
"paid;"' aft or the wend C( exchanging" in said line, add
"gold foi silver;5' aiterthe word "com" strike out the
word® " aud collecting drafts and add at the end of the
bill the following ptovi.-o.
•find provided fuither, That the sum to be allowed to him
shall not exceed the ^uru of $40? 22.
The question was taken on the amendments;
and they were agreed to.
The bill was laid aside to be reported to the
Heuse.
A bill (H. R. No. 205) for the relief of West
Drinkwater and others.
The bill authorizes and directs the Secretary
of the Treasury to pay to "West Drinkwater,
Kingsbury Duncan, Jonathan Clark, Samuel
Duncan, and John Duncan, or to such persons
as may be legally authorized to receive the same,
as their heirs or legal representatives, $33,213 17,
that being the amount paid into the Treasury of
the United States, and placed to the account of
fines, penalties, and forfeitures, in consequence
of a suit, the United States vs. Sloop Mary and
cargo, in the district court of Maine, January and
April, 1815; the said sloop having been captured
by the aforesaid named persons from the British,
and delivered to the proper authorities of the
United States in the State of Maine; said sum to
be paid to the several persons hereinbefore named,
or to their heirs or legal representatives, in equal
parts.
Mr. KNO WLTON offered the following amend-
ment:
Provided, That if the Secretary of the Treasury shall be
satisfied, from the lecoids of the distiibution heretofore
made, that Noah Miller, commander of the boat which cap-
tured the said British sloop Mary, has not already received
his legal relative share of said ptize, then the heirs or legal
representatives of said Miller frhall receive such additional
sum from the tfecietary of the Treasury as will make the
whole disfubution, adding that hcretofoie made to that
now to be made, among the captain and ciew above-men-
tioned, m compliance with the law of 1800, entitled 11 An
act for the better government of the Navy."
[Objected to by Mr. Wheeler.]
A bill (H. R. No. 206) for the relief of the heifs
and legal representatives of Daniel Rcnner and
Nathaniel H. Heath.
[Objected to by Mr. Phelps.]
A bill (H. R. No. 907) for the relief of the heirs
of Colonel Charles Simms, late collector of the
port of Alexandria.
It directs the Secretary of the Treasury to cause
the account of the late Colonel Charles Simms,
collector of the port of Alexandria, to be audited
and settled without any charge of interest on any
indebtedness due from him to the Government at
the time of his death; and provides that, when
the principal of such indebtedness shall be paid,
the estate of the said Charles Simms, and his
heirs and representatives, shall be forever dis-
charged from any liability on account of any
interest that may nave accrued thereon.
Colonel Charles Simms, some time in the year
1820, died while collector of the port of Alexan-
dria, then in the District of Columbia; and sub-
sequently thereto, on a settlement of his account
at the Treasury Department, he was found to be
indebted to the Government in a large sum of
money.
Soon after the death of Colonel Simms, all his
personal estate was disposed of by his proper
representative, and the proceeds, though greatly
insufficient, were faithfully applied towards the
extinguishment of this debt; and subsequently
the whole of his real estate was sold, and applied
to the payment of said debt. A sum of money
which was found to be due to Colonel Simms
from the Government for services rendered, or
money advanced, during the revolutionary war,
was afterwards collected , and applied towards the
judgment of his said indebtedness to the Govern-
ment.
The whole of his estate, real and personal, has
been exhausted, and the proceeds applied to his
said liability.
A small portion of the principal, about $130,
and the whole of the interest, still remain due and
unpaid. There is no legal obligation upon the
heirs to pay any portion thereof; but they are
unwilling that the account of their ancestor should
thus remain open and unsettled. They there-
fore petition that they be permitted to pay the
balance of the principal of the debt still due, and
that the Secretary of the Treasury cause the
account of Colonel Simms to be audited and set-
tled upon that basis, without any charge of inter-
est whatever.
The bill was laid aside to be reported to the
House.
A bill (H. R. No. 37) for the relief of Peyton
G. King, late receiver of public money at Mon-
roe, Louisiana.
[Objected to by Mr. Harlan.]
A bill (H« ft* No. 308) for the relief "of William
