358
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 5,
arid it condemns every kind of persecution and j
intolerance, whether civil 01* ecclesiastical. I j
trust that that fell spirit loading-to eterftal con- j
flicts between the power to inflictand the powerto '
exidure, will never take possession of tlie Ainer-
can heart, nor write its cruel and unchristian de-
crees in the volumes of American legislation.
I move the reference of this petition to the Com- i
mittee on the District of Columbia.
The motion was agreed to.
PAPERS WITHDRAWN.
• On motion by Mr. CASS, it was
Ordered, That John Gray have leave to withdraw his pe-
tition and papers.
On motion by Mr. MASON, it was
Ordered, That Elizabeth Monroe, who piayed for a pen-
sion, have leave to withdtaw her petition and papers from
the files of the Senate.
COMMITTEE REPORT.
Mr. BROWN, from the Committee on Indian
Affairs, submitted a report, accompanied by a bill
for the relief of John H. Home; which was read,
and ordered to a sccond reading. The report was
ordered to be printed.
NOTICES OF BILLS.
Mr. DODGE gave notice of his intention to
ask leave to introduce the following bills:
A bill to changc the terms of the district court
in the State of Wisconsin, and to give additional
compensation to the judge of said court.
A bill for the relief of Anson Dart, late superin-
tendent of Indian affairs in the Territory ol Ore-
gon.
A bill to authorize the sale of the Government
lands at the Stockbridgereservation, Wisconsin,
and the issuing of patents for the lands in said
reservation.
Mr. JAMES gave notice of his intention to ask
leave to introduce a bill to reduce the duties on
imports, and for other purposes.
Mr. STUART gave notice of his intention to
ask leave to introduce a bill making a grant of
land to aid in the construction of a railroad from
Detroit to Lake Superior.
Mr. GEYER gave notice of his intention to
ask leave to introduce the following bills:
A bill to provide for the payment to tlie State ■
of Missouri of the two per centum of the net I
Eroceeds of the sale of the public lands therein, j
eretofore reserved under compact with said State. :
A bill making an appropriation to continue the j
improvement of the S-Iississippi river. j
A bill making an appropriation to improve the
navigation of the Missouri river.
BILLS INTRODUCED.
Mr. STUART, in pursuance of previous notice,
asked and obtained leave to introduce the follow-
ing bills; which were read twice by their titles,
and referred to the Committee on Commerce:
A bill making appropriations for the comple-
tion of the piers at the harbor of Monroe, in the
State of Michigan.
A bill making an appropriation to complete the
harbor at St. Joseph, in the State of Michigan.
A bill making an appropriation for the con-
struction of a harbor at the mouth of Clinton
river, in the State of Michigan.
A bill making an appropriation for the con-
struction of a harbor at Black lake, in the State
of Michigan.
A bill making an appropriation for the con-
struction of a harbor at New Buffalo, in the State
of Michigan.
A bill making an appropriation for the con-
struction of a harbor at the mouth of Grand
river, in the State of Michigan.
A bill making an appropriation for the con-
struction of a harbor at the mouth of South Black
river, m the State of Michigan.
A bill making an appropriation for the construc-
tion of a harbor at the mouth of the Kalamazoo
river, in the State of Michigan.
A bill making an appropriation for the construc-
tion of a harbor at iVIarquette, on Lake Superior,
in the State of Michigan.
A bill for the construction of a harbor at the
mouth of Ontonagon river, on Lake Superior, in
the State of Michigan.
Mr. STUART. I have a bill of precisely sim-
ilar character, which was omitted 111 giving my
notices. As the committee sit to-morrow, and as
I wish to bring the whole subject before them, I
ask the Senate now to give me leave to introduce
this bill, although I have not given previous notice.
By unanimous consent, leave was granted to
introduce a bill making an appropriation for the
construction of a harbor at the mouth of the
Muskegon river; and it was read twice by its
title, and referred to the Committee on Commerce.
Mr. STUART. My honorable colleague yes-
terday introduced two bills, one for the improve-
ment of the St, Clair flats, and one for the im-
provement of the straits of the river St. Mary's,
which were not referred, but wore placed on the
Calendar. I ask that they may be ordered to be
printed.
The PRESIDENT. That order will be made
as a matter of course.
Mr. MALLORY, by unanimous consent, pre-
vious notice not having been given, asked and
obtained leave to introduce a bill to provide for
the .construction of a suitable building for the
United States court at Key West, in the State
of Florida; which was read twice by its title, and
referred to the Committee on Commerce.
Mr. MALLORY asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill to pro-
vide for the construction of suitable buildings for
a custom-house, post office, and United States
courts, in the city of Appalachicola, Florida;
which was read twice by its title, and referred to
the Committee on Commerce.
Mr. MALLORY asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce jx bill to pro-
vide for the completion of the marine hospital at
St. Mark's, Florida; which was read twice by its
title, andreferred to the Committee on Commerce.
DEFENSES AT TORTUGAS.
Mr. MALLORY. I offer the following reso-
lution:
Resolved, That the Committee on Military Affairs be di-
rected to niqune into tin c.vpcdioncy of psovidmg piomptly
for < ontinmng the conjunction of the sea formications at
the Touugas and Key Wcs>t.
Mr. SEWARD. I ask the honorable Senator
from Florida to allow me to move aji amendment
to include the fortifications in the vicinity of New
York city.
Mr. MALLORY. I cannot consent to that,
because the reasons are not the same in that case
which would induce the committee to act in this.
I can satisfy the Senator of that fact at any time.
Mr. SEWARD. Then I will not interfere
with the {Senator's resolution.
The resolution was considered by unanimous
consent, and agreed to.
On motion, the Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Tuesday, February 5, 1856.
The House met at twelve o'clock, m Prayer
by Rev. Dr. Doggett.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
SERGEANT-AT-ARMS.
The SPEAKER stated that the business first
in order was the consideration of the resolution
submitted yesterday by the gentleman from Ohio,
[Mr. Nichols.]
Mr. BO COCK. I move that there be a call of
Die House; and on that motion I demand the yeas
and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered. The question
was taken; and it was decided in the negative—
yeas 81, nays 119; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Aiken, Allen, Barclay, Bell, Kcndlej S.
Bennett, Bocoek, Howie, Bianeh, Brook-;, Burnett, Cad-
walader, John P Campbell, Caihlc, Caruthers, Ca^kie,
Cox,Cullen, Davids-on, Dowdell, Dunn, Elliott, Ethendge,
En-=tis, Evans, Florence, Henry M. Fuller, Thomas J. X).
Fuller, Goode, Gnvnwood, Augustus Hall, Sampson W.
Ham.*. Thomas L Harris, Harrison, Haven, Ilerbeit, Hick-
man- Hoffman. Houston, J. Clancy Jones, Kcitt, Kelly,
Kid well, Lake,'Letcher, Inndley, Lumpkin. Alexander K.
Marshall. Samuel S. Marshall, Maxwoll, McMullui, Mc-
Queen, Miibon, Mill ward, Moore, Mott, Nichols, Mordeeai
Olivei, Paine, Phelps, (iuitman, Heady, Rn.aud, Ruffin,
Rust, Sandidge. Savage, Scott, Shorter, William Smith,
Sneed, Stewart, Talbott, Tavlor. Underwood, Walker,
Wainei, YVatkirib, Wheeler, Wmslow, Daniel 13. Wright,
and Jiohn V. Wright—81.
NAYS—Messis. Albright, Allison, Barbour, Barksdale,
Henry Bennett. Benson, Billmahurst, Bingham, Bishop,
bi133, Boyef, Bradsliaw, Brenton, Broom. Butfington,
James H. Campbell, Lewis D. Campbell, Chaffee, Ezia
Clark, Clavvson, CJmtnnan, Williamson It. W. Cobb, Col-
fax, Comins, Covode,'Cragin, Crawloid, Cumbaek, Dam-
rell, Timothv Davis, Day. Dean, Dick, Dieksou, Dodd, Dm-
fee, Edie, Edmundson, "English, Faulkner, Flagler, Poster,
Giddmgs, Gilbert, Granger, Harlan, Holloway, Thomas R.
Hortoiij. Howard, George W. Jones, Kelsey, King, Knapp,
knigbtj'Knowllon, Knox, Kunkel, Leiter, Mace, Humplney
Marshall, Matte.->on, Killian Miller, Smith Miller, Morgan,
Mornll, Murray, Norton, Andrew Oliver, Parker, Penning-
ton, Perry, Pettit, Pike, Poiter, Powell, Pnnsle, Purvianee,
Puryear, Reade, Ritchie, Riveis, Robbins, Roberts, Sabm,
Sage, Sapp, Seward, Sherman, Simmons, Samuel A.
Smith, William R. Smith, Spinner, Stanton, Stephens,
Stranahan, Tappan, Tborington, Thurston, Todd, Trafton,
Trippe, Tyson, Vail, Valk, Wade, Walbridge, Waldron,
Cadwalader C. Washburne, Elhhu B. Wa>hbume, Israel
Washburn, Watson, Welch, Wells, Whitney, Williams,
Wood, Woodruff, Woodworth, and ZollicofFer—119.
Pending the call of the roll,
Mr. CHAFFEE stated that his colleague, Mr.
De Witt, had paired off for two weeks with
Mr. Cobb, of Georgia.
MESSAGE FROM THE SENATE.
A message was received from the Senate of the
United States, by Asbcjry Dickins, Esq., their
Secretary, informing the House that a quorum of
the Senate had assembled and were ready to pro-
ceed to business; and that the Senate had ap-
pointed a committee to join the committee on the
part of the House, to wait upon the President of
the United States nnd inform him that Congress
was ready to receive any communication he de-
sired to make; also, that the Senate had passed a
resolution for the appointment of Chaplains for
the two Houses of Congress, and had elected a
Chaplain for <the Senate.
RULES OF THE HOUSE.
Mr. CLINGMAN. I rise to what I suppose
to be a privileged question. A motion to choose
some rules for the government of the House
would, I presume, take precedence of other mo-
tions. I move, if it be in order, that the rules of
the last House of Representatives be adopted for
the government of the j^resent, until otherwise
ordered.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I would inquire
of the Chair if the resolution offered by the gen-
tleman from Ohio, [Mr. Nichols,] just before the
adjournment yesterday, does not come up as the
unfinished business to-day ?
The SPEAKER. The Chair understands that
to be the pending question. If objection be made,
the motion of the gentleman from North Carolina
cannot now be entertained.
Mr. WHEELER. I object.
ELECTION OF SERGEANT-AT-ARMS.
The SPEAKER. The question is upon the
following resolution, offered yesterday by the
gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Nichols:]
Resolved, That Adam J. Glo^bienner be declared Ser-
reant-at-Arns of the Flouse of Representatives for the
Thirty-Fourth Congress.
Mr. FLAGLER. I move that the resolution
lie upon the table.
Mr. SMITH, of Tennessee. I call' for the
yeas and nays on that motion.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the negative—yeas 96, nays 108; as follows:
YEAS—Messis. Albusiht, Alison, Henry Bennett. Ben-
son, Buniliain, Bishop. Biadshaw, Bienton, Bioom, Builing-
tonJhirlingame, James H. Campbell, Lewis D. Campbell,
Carhle, Chatlrc, Ezra Claik, dawson, Colfax, Comins,
Covocl^, Cia-riu, Cullen, Cusnb.tck, Damrell, Heniy Winter
Dav^, Timothv Davis, Dean. Dickson, Dodd, Dnrfee, Flag-
ler. Galloway,"#ranker, Hailau, J. Moinson Ilarns, Har-
rison, Haven. Hoihuan, Holloway, Thomas R. IJorton,
Howard, Kelsov, King, Kmtrht, Knowltori, Knox, Kunkel,
Lake, Leiter, Matteson, Kilhan Miller, Millward, Morgan^
Moii ill, Muirav, Norton, Paine, Paiker, Pelton, Penning-
ton, Periv, Pettit, Pike, Poiter, Prmglc, Purvianee, Reade,
iticdud, Ritchie. Riveis, Robbins, Roberts, Robison, Sabm,
Sa"e, Sapp, Sherman, Simmons, Stanton, Stranahan,
Tappan, Thoiington, Todd, Trafton, Valk, Walbridge,
Waldion, Cadwalader C. Washburne, Eilihu B. Wash-
burne, I&«ael Washburn, Watson, Welch, Whitney, Wood,
Woodiutf, and Woodworth—96.
NAYS—Mossr.?. Aiken, Allen, Barclay, Baiksdale,
Bell, Hundley S. Bennett, Billmghurst, Bliss, Roeoek,
Bowie, Bovee, Bianch, Brooks, Burnett, Cadwalader,
John P. Campbell. Caruthers, Caskie. Bayaid Claik, Clmg-
nian, Williamson It. W. Cobb, Cox, Ciawio/d, Davidson,
Day, Denver, Dick, Dowdell, Dunn, Edmundson, Elliott,
English. Eihendge. Ku^tis Evan*, Faulkner, Florence,
Foater, Henry M" Fullei, Thomas J. D. Fuller, Goode,
Gteenwood, Grow, Augustus Hall, Sampson W. Hams,
Thomas L. Ilairis, Heibeit, Iliekman, Houston, Jewett,
George W. Jonc*, J. Glancj Jones, ICeitt, Keilj. Kidwell,
Letcher, Lmdiey, Lumpkin,Mace, Alexandei K. Marshall,
Humplney Mart-hail. Samuel S. Maishall, Maxwell, Me-
Mullin, McQueen, Smith Mdler, Millson, Moore, Nichols,
Andiew Oliver, Mordeeai Oliver, Peek, Phelp-i, Powell,
Puryear, Qnitman, Ready, Kuffin, Rint, Sandid^e, Savage,
Scott, Seward, Shoiter, Samuel A. Smith, William Smith,
Sneed, Spinner, Stephens, Stewart, Swope, Talbott, Tay-
lor, Thurston, Trippe, Tyson. Underwood, Vail, Walker,
Warner, Watkins, Wells, Wheeler, Williams, Wnislow,
Daniel B. Wright, John V. Wright, and Zoihcoffer—10$.
