1058
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
August 6,
it has been declared, time and again, that the
waters of this river should remain forever free
and open to the citizens of all the country. The
ordinance of 1787 provided it; numerous acts of
Congress since have liad the same provision; and
the idea that the Illinois river may be dammed
up by the State of Illinois, is a total misconcep-
tion of what the law is, as I understand it. I
should like to see the authority on which the gen-
tleman from Michigan relies to say that the State
of Illinois may control the Illinois river. Have
you not voted an appropriation for the Missouri
river ? and did not that gentleman vote for it ? Has
the State of Missouri exclusive control over the
Missouri river ? If it has, how did the Senator
from Michigan vote for that appropriation ? The
Illinois river carries upon its waters many times
as much commerce as the Missouri. The Mis-
souri river is entirely within the State of Mis-
souri for hundreds of miles. The Senator finds
no difficulty in voting for an appropriation there;
and the State of Missouri has the same control
over that river that the State of Illinois has over
the Illinois; but neither has the exclusive con-
trol. There is upon the Illinois river, some dis-
tance from its month, at Peoria, a port for the
collection of duties, and we have a surveyor
there.
I will not prolong this discussion. My col-
league has gone over the whole ground, and shown
most conclusively, that, if there is a national
thoroughfare in the country, the Illinois river is
one.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed fcl^a
third reading, and was read the third time.
Mr. PUGH. I call for the yeas and nays on
the passage of the bill.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. CLAY. There was a report of the local
agent for this river, together with some remarks
in review of that report by the superintending
engineer, Colonel Long, which I should like to
submit to the Senate. It is marked in the book,
and I wish to have it read. I direct the attention
of the Senate to these facts, that the estimate of
this local agent does not meet with the approval
of Colonel Long, chief engineer of western river
improvements, and that his statement of the
commerce of the river far exceeds what is shown
by Colonel Long.
The Secretary read, as follows:
Jacksonville, Illinois, ^August 20, 3835.
Sir : In conformity to your instructions, dated on tlie
tlurd August, instant, I respectfully hulmul the following
statement:
3. The engineer's report for the improvement of the Illi-
nois river proposes the opening of a channel two hundred
feet wide, und three feet deep, at the lowest stage of the
water.
In order to the complete execution of this plan, (here
remains yet about one hundred and fifty thoittmnd cubic
yard# of clay and sand to l>e removed; this work, judging
from experience in regard to the portion already done, would
cost fifty cents per ynrd, or the Mim of ^75,000.
In addition to this sum, $15,000 will probably he required
for dredges, scows, tackle, and contingencies, making m
all the sum of $90,000.
2. The expense of keeping the dredge George W. Jones,
and the new dredge Jefferson Davis, m commission fiom
July J, 1855, to July 1, 1856, and lor compensation of
agent, civil engineer, officers and crews of boats, fuel, sub-
sistence, repairs, and contingencies, will probably amount
to the sum of $15,000; or, should Congress make the
requisite appropriation, double the amount of dredging
could be erteeted for the sum of $30,000, within the annual
season of active service, comprising eight months.
3. The " Illinois river improvement," of which I am the
agent, is embraced in the United States collection district
of Louisiana.
Alton is the nearest port of entry; but, although I have
requested it, I have not yet been advised of the amount of
revenue collected at that port during the last fiscal year;
when so advised, 1 will hasten to report it.
The main United States revenue connected with the
river trade, is through the ports of entry of Chicago and
St. Louis. The annual amount of commerce to be bene-
fited by the improvement of the Illinois river, according to
the best information I have been able to obtain, may be
stated at ,$42,345,000.
This sum, I have no doubt, will fall short of the trtie
amount. G. A. DUNLAP,
United States Jlzent Improvement Illinois River.
Lieutenant Colonel 9. II. Lono,
Superintendent Western River Improvements.
The foregoing report is not only defective in the several
respects therein noticed, but by reason of its containing no
showing of the expenditures incurred during the last fiscal
year, and of the unexpended balance of the appropriation
remaining for the disbursement at the end of that year.
From the records of this office, it nevertheless appears that
the balance in question is $9,449 77, while the same records
are deficient in the details from which the expenditures for
the wme year can be inferred. S. II. LONG
Superintendent Western River Improvements*
P. S. Agreeably to a statement kindly furnished by John
Pitch. Esquire, surveyor and collector of the port of Alton,
the total value of imports for the year is $54,666, and the
amount of duties collected thereon is $16,398 90.
S. H. LONG.
Mr. CLAY. I called for the reading with the
twofold purpose of showing, first, that the plan
and estimate of this local superintendent did not
meet the approval of Colonel Long; and, second,
that this extravagant estimate of his, of the trade
of the river, was unsustained by the facts as de-
veloped by Colonel Long. I simply want to call
the attention of the Senate and the country to the
exceedingly unreliable character of the informa-
tion which we have, in respect to the improve-
ment now contemplated.
The question being taken on the passage of the
bill, by yeas and nays, resulted—yeas §3, nays
15; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Allen, Bayard, Bell of New Hampshire,
Clayton, Collamer, Dodge, Louglas, Durkee, Fessenden,
Fish, Foot, Foster, Geyer, flarlan, James, Johnson, Sebas-
tain, Seward, Thomson of New Jersey, Trumbull, Wade,
Wilson, and Wright—23.
NAYS—Messrs. Biggs, Brodhead, Brown, Clay, Fitzpat-
rick, Hunter, Iverson, Mallory, Pratt, I'ugh, Reid, Shdell,
Stuart, Toombs, and Wellcr—15.
So the bill was passed.
RED RIVER RAFT.
The Senate next proceeded, as in Committee of
the Whole, to consider the bill (S. No. 70) for
the improvement of Red river, at the raft, which,
as introduced by Mr. Sebastian, proposed to
appropriate dollars to continue and complete
the improvement at and around the raft of Red
river, according to such a plan as may be pre-
scribed by and under the supervision of the Sec-
retary of War.
The Committee on Commerce reported it with
an amendment to fill the blank with $100,000.
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate as amended,
and the amendment made as in Committee of the
Whole was concurred in. The bill was ordered
to be engrossed for a third reading, and was read
the third time. On its passage,
Mr. CLAY callcd for the yeas and nays, and
they were ordered; and being taken, resulted—
yeas 27, nays 9; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Allen, Bell of N>\v Hampshire, Bell of
Tennessee, Clayton, Collamer, Dodge, Douglas, Durkee,
Fessenden, Fish, Foot, Foster, Geyer, Harlan, Johnson,
Jones of Iowa, Pratt, Sebastian, Seward, Slidell, Stuart,
Thompson of Kentucky, Thomson of New Jersey, Trum-
bull, Wade, Wilson, and Wright—27.
NAYS—Messrs. Biggs, Brodhead, Brown, Clay,F^tzpat-
riok, Ilunter, Mallory, Reid, and Toombs—9.
So the bill was passed.
IMPROVEMENT OF TAUNTON RIVER.
The bill (S. No. 231) for the improvement of
Taunton river, below Taunton, in the State of
Massachusetts, was next considered by the Sen-
ate as in Committee of the Whole. It proposes
to make an appropriation of $20,000.
Mr. "WELLEIi. I shottla like to hear from
the Senator from Massachusetts the character
of this improvement, what the obstructions are,
and how it is proposed to remove them; and also
the amount expended, and whether it is within
the jurisdiction of the State?
Mr. SEWARD. I can refer the honorable
Senator to a report of the topographical engi-
neers in Executive Document No. 30, of the year
1854. The estimate is $20,000, and that is the
sum named in the bill for the completion of the
work.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment.
Mr. CLAY. I should like to inquire how far
this river is navigable? I suppose the Senator
from Massachusetts can give me the information ?
Mr. WILSON. Mr. President, in response to
the question submitted by the Senator from Ala-
bama, I have to say that the distance from Fall
river to Taunton is from fifteen to twenty miles.
Coasting vessels loaded with coal, flour, and other
products of the country, now go up the Taunton
river to the flourishing town of Taunton. At
Dighton, about four miles below Taunton, these
vessels, excepting those of about fifty tons burden,
have to unload portions of their cargoes. It is
believed that this appropriation of $20,000 will
remove the obstructions at and above the town
of Dighton, so that vessels engaged in the coast-
ing trade will go up to Taunton without difficulty.
That portion of Massachusetts is largely engaged
in manufactures of various descriptions, and the
navigation of this river is of great importance to
that section of my State. This river has been
surveyed by the order of the Government, and
the cost of the improvements is estimated at
$20,000. This report was made in December,
1853, by George Dutton, captain of the corps of
engineers, to General Totten, chief engineer. I
hope this bill will receive the sanction of the Sen-
ate; that it will become the law of the land; and
that this appropriation will accomplish what the
people of that section of Massachusetts so much
desire to have accomplished.
Mr. CLAY. I have before me Lippincott'a
Gazetteer of the World, which I have examined
with a view of ascertaining the nationality of this
work. I find that he says the Taunton river is
navigable to Taunton, about seventeen miles from
its mouth. I find that it is wholly within the
State of Massachusetts, and that it is valuable
chiefly for its water power. I submit to the
Senate that this is certainly very deserving the
consideration of the country as a national work.
It is seventeen miles in extent, and navigable all
the way up to Taunton.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, and was read the third time. On its pas-
sage,
Mr. BIGGS called for the yeas and nays; and
they were ordered.
Mr. CLAY. The appropriation is a very
moderate allowance—only $1,200 a mile for the
extent of its navigation !
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 16, nays 19; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Alien, Cell of New Hampshire, Colla-
mer, Dodge, Durkee, Fessenden, Fish, Foot, Foster, Har-
lan, Jones of Iowa, Sebastian, Seward, Wade, Wilson,
and Wu?lu-16.
NAYri—Me^rs. IJiprss, Brodhead, Brown, Clay, Douglas,
Fitzpatrick, Geyer, Hunter, Iverson, Johnson, Mallory,
Fearee, Pugh, Reid, Slidell, Thompson of Kentucky,
Toombs, Trumbull, and Yulee—19.
So the bill was rejected.
ATCHAFALAYA BAY.
The bill (S. No. 248) providing for the survey
of Atehafalaya bay and approaches, was read the
second time, and considered as in Committee
of the Whole. The appropriation proposed ia
$7,000.
Mr. CLAY. I should like to learn something
about the importance of this survey. If we pass
this bill we shall have an estimate at the next
session of Congress, or at the succeeding Con-
gress, for this work, and then some Senator will,
m support of his bill, gravely allege that it ia
recommended by the Department, when, if we
trace the facts, we find that we called for the very
information on which the bill of appropriation is
predicated. Every appropriation of this kind for
the survey of works is but initiating a scheme
of internal improvement, and I think it is proper
to stop them in the beginning. I wish to arrest
the beginning of the evil by opposing the passage
of this bill.
Mr SLIDELL. I think the documents on fife
will snow the propriety of this survey. I will
state very briefly to the Senate the character of
the improvement that is contemplated to be made.
It is to remove obstructions at the mouth of
the Atehafalaya river. The Atehafalaya was
formerly the regular outlet from the Red river to
the sea; but the Mississippi occasionally en-
croaching on one bank and then on the other, the
two streams having been nearly parallel, made
inroads upon the Red river, the greater portion
of the waters of which now find their way fo the
sea through the Mississippi. The distance of
the Atehafalaya, from the Red river to the mouth,
is, I think, about three hundred miles. It is con-
sidered as a very important means of communi-
cation with Texas, and necessary for the con-
veyance of mails in that direction. It is thought
that a very small appropriation will be sufficient
to deepen the waters of Atehafalaya bay sufficient
to give an entrance to steamers carrying the mail
between Texas and Louisiana.
I was particularly scrupulous on this subject.
I did not wish to take the initiative in this im-
provement without a preliminary survey. If I
had pursued the course of some other Senators
on this floor, I should have probably called on
the engineers of the War Department to give an
