1850.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
wm
estimate without any particular data, aa I have
no doubt they would have done, as in repeated
other instances. We merely ask for a survey to
prove the practicability of this work to the extent
of its cost. I think there will be found on the
files a letter from the Department of "War recog-
nizing the extreme importance of this improve-
ment. If, however, it cannot be attained within
reasonable limits, I certainly shall not press it
hereafter. I think it is the only instance in which
a survey alone is asked. I trust I shall not be
punished for my modesty; because, if I had
asked for an appropriation of $40,000 or $50,000
for the improvement, I should no doubt have
had it.
Mr. SEWARD. I can inform the honorable
Senator it is not the only survey.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, read the third time, and passed.
FALLS OF RED RIVER.
The bill (S. No. 249) providing for the survey
of the falls of Red River at or near Alexandria,
was read the second time, and considered as in
Committee of the Whole. It proposes to make
an appropriation of $5,000.
It was reported to the Senate without amend-
ment, ordered to be engrossed for a third read-
ing, read the third time, and passed.
CAPE FEAR RIVER.
The Senate proceeded, as in Committee of the
Whole, to consider the bill (S. No. 227) making
further appropriations for the improvement of the
Cape Fear river, North Carolina.
The original bill appropriated $140,000 for the
year ending 30th of June, 1857, to be expended
under the superintendence of the Secretary of
War, for the continuation of the improvement of
the Cape Fear river, North Carolina, at or near its
communication with the oecan. The committee
propose to strike out " $140,000" and to insert
"#200,000."
Mr. FESSENDEN. I should like to hear
some explanation from some quarter about this
bill. It appropriates a large sum of money.
Mr. REID. The bill as originally introduced
appropriated the sum of $140,000, the same
amount of appropriation that was made in the bill
of last year. It was drawn up by the Repre-
sentative from the Wilmington district in _ the
other branch of the Capitol, and he handed it to
me before he received the estimate. The bill was
referred to the Committee of Commerce; and on
communicating with the War Department in
relation to the amount necessary to be expended,
they reported it back with this amendment, pro-
posing to appropriate §200,000. The Clerk will
find on file a communication from the Secretary
of War in relation to the subject, which I hope
he will read.
Mr. TOOMBS. The history of this improve-
ment is somewhat curious, and I can very briefly
state it. The Government went on to expend a
large amount of money under estimates, as they
are termed here, of the topographical engineers.
I think the anrount reachedaquarterofamillion.
About two years ago the predecessor of my friend
from North Carolina nearest me, [Mr. Biggs,]
Mr. Badger, represented to the Senate that the
Government had ruined Cape Fear river; that
it was utterly destroyed by bad engineering and
bad improvement; and he introduced a bill to
appropriate $150,000 to undo the bad work. The
bill was passed, and the President signed it as an
exceptional case. 1 think Mr. Badger got the
$150,000 as an exceptional case, on the ground
that, as the Government had done so much bad
work, it ought certainly to take away the work
which, at a cost of a quarter of a million of dol-
lars, we had put there. I suppose that has been
taken away; and now we have some more engi-
neers to take a new start, and commence with
$200,000 to do over again our bad work. I have
no doubt that it is the case with every one of
them. I deem it my duty, this fact being within
my own legislative experience, to bring it to the
notice of the Senate. I suppose it is true as to
many of the works upon the lakes; but my mem-
ory as to each point is not so distinct as to enable
me to give the facts. Now and then a gentleman,
like the Senator from Illinois, [Mr. Douglas,]
would give his testimony that the money you
spent was all thrown away for particular points,
which were thus recalled to my recollection.
This is certainly the case here, as stands con-
fessed upon our legislative records. I suppose
the estimate for $200,000 here is as good as those
on which you are acting every day, by which
you are voting three or four millions of dollars
out of the Treasury. I have no doubt, and I
believe that hereafter the bad legislation of the
last fortnight will cost hundreds of thousands of
dollars for undoing the bad work of Mr. Bowes,
or somebody else, or the engineers. Then we
shall hear it is all a mistake; he was not a good
engineer.
Mr. BELL, of Tennessee. I must have some
more information on the subject before I can vote
for this appropriation.
Mr. REID. I called for the reading of the
communication from the War Department. Will
the Senator let it be read ?
Mr. BELL, of Tennessee. Certainly.
The Secretary read, as follows:
War Departjifnt,
Washington, -fljrri.l \:2, 1856.
Sir : In replv to your letter of the 9tli instant, asking
what amount of money can be property expended on the
improvement of Cape Fear river, North Carolina, in the
ensuing year, I have the honor to transmit you a report of
the chief engineer, stating that the officer in charge of the
woik has estimated for $200,000 as the amount which he
considers desirable for the next fiscal year, which may be
advantageously expended on the work.
Very respectfully, your obedient servant,
JEFF'N DAVIS,
Secretary of War.
Hon. II. Hamlin,
Chairman o f the Committee on Commerce, Senate.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Read the report of the
officer.
The Secretary read:
Engineer's Department,
Washington, Jl-pril 31, 1856.
Sir : I havf the honor to state, in reply to the letter of
the Hon. II. Mammn, referred to this office for report, that
the officer in charpe of the improvement of the Cape Fear
riv.er has estimated for $200,000 as the amount which it is
desirable should be appiopriated for the fibcu.1 year ending
on the 30th June, 1837.
This sum may no doubt be advantageously expended on
this work during the ensuing year.
The lcttrr of Mr. IIoimn j-s returned herewith.
I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient
servant, JOS. G. TOTTEN,
Brevet Brigadier General and Colonel Engineers.
Hon. Jefferson Davis, Secretary of War,
Mr. FESSENDEN. I should like to ask the
Senator from North Carolina what kind of an
improvement this is ? Is the money to be ex-
pended in the same way as the appropriation of
the last Congress? It was said then to be merely
to restore the Cape Fear river to its original posi-
tion as far as possible, and to remove obstructions
placed there by the General Government, is that
the case, or is it a new work of improvement?
Will he please to explain, so that we can under-
stand something about it ?
Mr. REID. In the year 1853 this work was
reported upon, and estimates of the whole cost
were made. It is alleged that the Federal Gov-
ernment, in causing jetties to be constructed for
the purpose of protecting Fort Caswell, causcd
an abrasion, which enlarged New Inlet, and lilled
up the old channel, and this work is merely to
stop what the Federal Government, by her ac-
tion, has done, and place the river in the condi-
tion in which it would have been but for the
action of the Federal Government—not the action
of the Government in improving the navigation
of the river, but in throwing out walls for the
purpose of protecting a fort for the public defense.
I had hoped, Mr. President, that this bill at
least was one of a character which would receive
the vote of every Senator here. If you consider
this improvement m a commercial point of view,
such gentlemen as feel satisfied to vote for works
of improvement upon the ground that they arc
necessary for the regulation of commerce, must,
I think, find no difficulty in sustaining the bill.
If you put it on the ground of a harbor of refuge,
it is clearly necessary for that purpose. It is, un-
questionably, in my mind, a legitimate, constitu-
tional work,upon theground that this obstruction
has been caused by the action of the Federal
Government in doing what I have mentioned.
That such has been conceded to be the fact I
will refer to the message of the President of the
United States, signing a farmer bill for this work.
He says:
" I have this day given my signature to the act making
further appropriation for the improvement ofthe'Cape Fear
river, North Carolina. The occasion' seeirfs to render it
proper for me to deviate from the' ordinary course of an-
nouncing the approval of bills by an oral statement only ;
and for the purpose of preventing any misapprehension
which might otherwise arise from the phraseology of pis'
act, to communicate in writing that my approval' is given
to it on the ground that the obstructions wliich'tK'e1 pro-
posed appropriation is intended to remove, are" the result of
acts of the General Government."
The fact of the Federal Government having
caused this obstruction to the river must be con-
sidered as conclusively established, because the
President of the United States, with his Strict'
construction notions, after an investigation of the
subject, is satisfied, and announces that this'
appropriation is for the purpose- of removing
obstructions which the Government has placed
there, or, rather, the consequence of the obstruc-
tions.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I will inquire of the Seli-
ator whether the act passed at the last Congress
did not assert that that was the purpose of tKe
appropriation?
Mr. REID. That act did not. This bill is a
literal copy of that, word for word. My colleague
informs me that I am right.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Where did the President
get his information?
Mr. REID. He got his information from
those who had been detailed, men of eminent
ability, to ascertain the facts-in regard to this
matter.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I will thank the Senator
to point me to the source of that information. I
sh#aid like to look at it for myself.
Mr. REID. I could go on and cite the gentle-
man to various authorities on this subject, but'it
would lead to the consumption of time. I think
it is the opinion of Professor Bache, and many
other eminent engineers. I do not know that I
could find the authorities at once, but I am sure
of the fact.
But, Mr. President, in addition to that, ! desire
to say to the honorable Senator from Maine, that
there is another ground (that of defense) which
I think places this appropriation in a still stronger
point of view. The throwing out of jetties has
opened an inlet whereby a foreign enemy may
come up the river without passing Fort Caswell,
for the new inlet is nine miles above the fort; so
that, if this work be neglected, and the new inlet
be not stopped up, the consequence will be that
you must build a new fort. The old one will fee-
come useless, because an enemy could, come up'
to the town of Wilmington without passing the
fort. You are bound to have the necessary de-
fenses for the country; and if you do not carry
on this work which you have commenced, the
consequence must be that you will build another
fort, or adopt some other means for the protec-
tion of the country. To do that will cost you
more than the appropriation which is necessary
for the construction of this work.
Mr. SEWARD. Will the Senator from North
Carolina excuse me for interrupting hirn, so far
as to give the Senate the references to the report
and documents which he desires on this subject,
and which, I have no doubt, will be satisfactory
to the Senate ? On the 30th of March, 1853, Pro-
fessor Bache, Superintendent of the United States
Coast Survey, Charles Henry Datfs, lieutenant
in the United States Nary, and superintendent of
the Nautical Almanac, D. P. Woodbury, captain
of engineers, and Isaac I. Stevens, now Gov-
ernor of Washington Territory, made a report
to tho War Department on the subject of the
mouth of Cape Fear river, in obedience to the
instructions given by the War Department, ana
which were under the direction, I think, of a law
of the United States. Their report shows, as will
be found at page 418, part 2, of the message and
documents of 1853-54, that they examined the
whole subject. They examined all the charts,
and they say:
" We find that a harbor which once afibrrfed easy access
to vpssels drawing nineteen feet of water, will now admit
onlv those with less than thirteen; and we cannot but re-
gard this d#erioration as a great national misfortune, and
the restoration of the mlet to its original state as a work
demanded by the general interest of commerce, both in
peace and war. „ , „ ,, ,
" Beaufort harbor, ninety miles east of the Cape Fear, Is
the only harbor of refuge for vessels drawing over thirteen
feet between the mouth of the Chesapeake and Charleston-
along a coast exposed to frequent and violent east.erljr
winds and storms. An inspection of any general map or
the coast will show the importance to our smppmgot a-
