1856.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
10§5
It provides that, in the settlement of the ac-
counts of the late Captain Joseph H. Whipple,
the accounting officers be directed to pass to his
credit #1,298 03, or so much thereof as, in the
opinion of the Secretary of War, was properly
expended by him on account of barracks at Tur-
key river.
Joseph H. Whipple was a captain in the United
States Army, and m command of the post on
Turkey river. On the settlement of his accounts,
it is found that certain items expended by him
on account of " barracks," at that place, have
been suspended by the accounting officers "for
want of appropriation"—the expenditures for
that object having exceeded the appropriation
about $1,300.
The object of the petitioner is to obtain a law
" authorizing the accounting officers to pass to
his credit either the whole amount or so much
thereof as may, on settlement, be found to have
been properly expended," in accordance with a
suggestion of the Secretary of War.
The bill was laid aside to be reported to the
House.
A bill (H. R. No. 269) for the relief of the
sureties of the late Lieutenant Charles E. Jarvis,
United States Army. [Objected to by Mr. Stan-
ton.]
A bill (H. R. No. 272) for the relief of the
heirs of the late Colonel John Hardin.
It instructs the Secretary of the Treasury to
pay to the heirs of Colonel John Hardin, de-
ceased, $1,879 06, that sum being the amount of
the balance due them under the agreement be-
tween General Wilkinson and Colonel Hardin,
and to be in full satisfaction of all claims on their
partagamst the Government of the United States.
Colonel Hardin was an ensign m a militia com-
pany in the memorable expedition, in the year
1774, of Governor Dumnorc, of Virginia, against
the Indians; he was afterwards one of a company
commanded by Captain Zack Morgan, during
an engagement of which with the Indians he was
wounded in the groin by a ball, which was never
extracted to the dny of his death. He next joined
the regular Army, with the command of a second
lieutenant; he was then attached to Morgan's
rifle corps, and was principally on the lines until
he resigned a first lieutenant's commission, m
3779. He was afterwards quartermaster in the
Wabash expedition under General Clark. He
was in every Indian expedition which was formed
after his arrival in Kentucky, except that of Gen-
eral St. Clair, which he was prevented from join-
ing on account of his having accidentally wounded
himself.
In 1792 the hostile Indians northwest of the
Ohio became so troublesome, and committed so
many outrages, that it was the policy of the Gov-
ernment to"make peace with them, if possible.
In order to do this, it was necessary to find a man
of more than ordinary courage, firmness, and
sagacity, to be the bearer of the white flag, or, in
other words, the messenger to invite them to
peace. Colonel Hardin was selected by General
Wilkinson, then the commander at Port Wash-
ington, for the reason, as the ge'neral says him-
self, in his letter, " Iwishyou to undertake the busi-
ness, because you are better qualified for it than any
man of my acquaintance." During this expedition
he was murdered by the Indians.
His heirs now come befuie Congress claiming
the sum of $'200 per annum, from the date of his
death, in 179:3, to that of his widow, m the year
1829.
This claim is founded upon a promise made by
General Wilkinson to Colonel John Hardin, the
information of which promise is conveyed to
his wife in the letter before alluded to, written
just previous to his departure on the mission
which ended in his death. In that letter he says:
44 Should I fall a sacrifice in this important attempt,
the general has promised me to be your steady
fr:end, and that your yearly supply from Govern-
ment shall not be loss than $30 during your nat-
ural life "
The bill was laid aside to bo reported to the
House.
A bill (H. R. No. 275") for the roHef of Cap-
tain Thomas Ap Catesbv Jones. [Objected to by
Mr. Wheeler.]
A hill (H. R. No. 278) for the relief of Mrs.
A. W. Angus, widow of the late Captain Samuel
Angus, United States Navy. fObjccted to by
Mr. McMdllih.]
Mr. STANTON. 1 desire to withdraw my
objection to the bill (H. R. No. 269) for the re-
lict ol the sureties of the late Lieutenant Charles
E. Jarvis, United States Army.
The CHAIRMAN. It is not in order to do so.
Mr. PCJLLER, of Maine. Do I understand
that it is not in ordcrfor a gentleman to withdraw
his objection to a bill?
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair decides that
if objection is made to a bill, and the committee
passes on to the consideration of another bill, it
is not in order to go back and take up a bill already
passed.
Mr. FULLER. Will it not be in order to do
so after the Calendar shall have been gone through
with ?
The CHAIRMAN. It will, if the committee
should go back and go over the Calendar again.
Air. PULLER. It has been the practice to do
so heretofore.
The CHAIRMAN. The 30th rule provides
that, on the first and fourth Friday of each month,
the Calendar of private bills shall be called over;
and the bills to the passage of which no objection
shall then be made, shall be first considered and
disposed of.
Mr. FLORENCE. If agentleman objects to a
bill under a misapprehension of its features, and
ask the committee for permission to go back, and
there be no other objection, it has been the prac-
tice of the committee to go hark.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair is of opinion i
that the committee cannot suspend the rules. j
Mr. FULLER. I would ivpectfully surest j
to the Ch.ur that the objection so contemplated in i
the rule does not change th" rule; and that.a mem-
bvr who objects may withdraw his objection at
the proper time.
The CHAIRMAN. The bill in question has
been called, and was disposed of under the rule;
and if we were to go back to those objected to, it
might deprive those not yet called of a hearing on
this day.
Mr. FLORENCE. I understood that the Cal-
endar had been gone through with.
The CHAIRMAN. Not quite.
A bill (H. R. No. 281 > for the relief of Betsey
Nash. [Objected to by Mr. Carlile.]
A bill (II. R. No. 282) for (he relief of Edmund
Mitchell. [Objected to by Mr. McCarty.]
A bill (H. It. No. 283) for the relief of Evelina
Porter, widow of f ho late Commodore David Por-
ter, of the United States Navy. [Objected to by
Mr. Covode.]
A bill (H. Ii. No. 290) fer the relief of Emma
Bidamon.
The bill directs that there be paid to Emma
Bidamon, by the Secretary of the Treasury, out
of any moneys in the Treasury not otherwise
appropriated, the sum of $197 35, with interest
theieon fiom July 8,1852, until paid, in full pay-
ment of the sum adjudged and decreed to her in
lieu of dower by the circuit court of the United
States for the district of Illinois, at the July term,
18o2, in the case of the United States vs. Joseph
Smith et til.
The report having been rrad, the bill was laid
aside to be reported to the House.
A bill (H. It. No. 298) for the relief of the
owner and crew of the fishing schooner Florilla.
[Objected to by Mr. McMui.lly.]
A bill (H. R. No. 300) lor the relief of Joshua
Ivnowles, jr., and others, owners of the schooner
Garnet, of Truro. [Objected to by Mr. McMul-
lix.]
A bill (S. No. 10">) for the relief of Levi Robin-
son. [Objected to by Mr. Mc.MrLi.ik.]
A bill (S. No. 140) for the relief of the owners
of the fishing schooners Brandywine, Forrester,
Grampus, Ursula, Stephen C. Phillips, and
Union. [Objected to by Mr. McMm.im.]
A bill (S. No. 126) for the relief of the owners
and sharesmen of the fishing schooners Wan-
derer, Mary, Olive Branch, Two Brothers, and
Brothers. [Objected to by Mr. McMullin.]
Mr. STANTON. As the Calendar has now been
called through, in accordance with the request of
several of mv friends, I desire to withdraw my
i objection to House bill No. 2G9.
i Mr. WALBR1DGE. I also withdraw my ob-
! jection to House bill No. 18S.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair will state that,
in his opinion, it is not in order for gentlemen to
withdraw objections which they have made, to
bills on the Calendar, as they were called. We
have now gone through with the Calendar. The
rule provides that, on the first and fourth Fridays
of every month the Calendar jshall be called over;
and that such bills as no objection shall then bs
made to, shall be passed by the House.
Mr. COVODE. But, if the Chair please, I
understand the gentleman from Michigan [Mr.
Walbridge] desires to withdraw his objection
to the bill which he has indicated, for the purpose
of offering an amendment, which will obviate all
objection to the bill.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair has just stated
that it is not m order to withdraw objections
which were made when the bills were called over.
But the Calendar having been gone through with,
the committee may, if they choose, order the Cal-
endar again to be cai led. and the bills taken up
will be open for discussion.
Mr. FULLER, of Maine. With great defer-
ence to the opinion of the Chairman upon ques-
tions of order, I submit that the uniform practice
has been to give a different construction to the
rule, and I therefore respectfully take an appeal
from the decision of the Chair. 1
Mr. STANTON. I submit to the Chair,
whether it is not competent for a gentleman, by
the unanimous consentof committee, to with-
draw his objection.
The CHAIRMAN. In the opinion of the
present occupant of the chair, the committee can-
not suspend the rules prescribed by the House
fo< its government; and the Chair thinks that to
withdraw an objection after the bill has been
passed on the Calendar, would be to suspend the
rules. The question is, " Shall the decision of the
Chair stand as the judgment of the committee?"
Mr. McMULLIN. I move that the committee
do now rise.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio. I hope the gen-
tleman will withdraw his motion that the com-
mittee rise, as it is quite early in the day.
Mr. McMULLIN. I will withdraw the mo-
tion, if the committee will go on and call the Cal-
endar over again.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I will state to the gentle-
man from Viigmia, that as it is quite early in the
day, it is my purpose, if he will withdraw his
motion, to move to go back and call the Calendar
over again. This is private bill day, and, in my
| judgment, it ought to be devoted strictly to the
j consideration of private bills. If amotion is neces-
| sary therefor, I will move that the Calendar be
[ called over again.
Mr. McMULLIN.- I withdraw the motion
that the committee do now rise. Is the appeal
debatable?
Mr. FULLER. I withdraw the appeal, in
order that the gentleman from Ohio may make
his motion.
CHARLES J. INGERSOLL.
The CHAIRMAN. If it be the pleasure of
the committee, the Chair will again take up the
Calendar. The first bill is for the relief of Charles
J. Ingcrsoil. It was passed over when the Cal-
endar was before gone through with.
The bill was read. It authorizes the Secretary
of the Treasury to have the account of Hon.
Charles J. Ingersoll for mileage, at the usual rates
of the members of Congress, and eight dollars
per diem pay, from January 24, 1840, to July
17, of the same year,and from December 4. 1840,
to January 15, 1841. audited and settled by the
proper accounting officers of the Treasury; and
that he pay him the same out of the moneys m
die Treasury not otherwise appropriated.
The report was read in extenso.
Mr. McMULLIN. I should like some further
information m this case, to induce me to support
the bill.
Mr. KELSEY. What is the condition of the
bill?
The CHAIRMAN. It is up for the action of
the committee.
Mr. KELSEY. I oppose its passage. It
seems to me that this case has been passed upon
by the Congress which decided the contest be-
tween the parties. It was in possession of all
the facts of the case, and certainly better quali-
fied to pass on them intelligently than we can be.
