1850-
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
' The main question was then ordered taije put,
being upon the adoption of the resolution^
Mr. PRINGLE demanded the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was then taken; and it was de-
cided in the affirmative—yeas 103, nays 98; as
follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Aiken, Alien, Barclay, Barksdalej Bell,
Hendley S. Bennett, Billingliuist, Bocock, Bowie, Boyce,
Bianeh, Brooks, Burnett, Cadwalader, John P. Campbell,
Corutliers, Caskie, Cimgman, Williamson R. W. Cobb,
Cox, Crawford, Davidson, Day, Denver, Dick, Dowdell,
Dunn, Edmundson. Elliott, English, Etheridge, Eustis,
Evans, Faulkner, Florence, Foster, Thomas J. D. Fuller^
Goode, Greenwood, Augustus Hall, Sampson W. Harris,'
Thomas L. Harris, Heibeit, Hickman, Houston, Jewett,
Geoige W. Jones, J. Glancy Jones, Keitt, Kelly, Kidwell,
Letcher, Lumpkin, Maeo, Alexander K. Marshall, Hum-
phrey Marshall, Samuel S. Maishall, Maxwell, MeMullin,
McUuccn. Smith Miller, MUlson, Moore, Nichols, Andrew
Oliver, Mordccai Oliver, Peck, Phelps, Powell, Puryear,
duitmon, Ready, Rivers, Ruffin, Rust, Sandidgc, Savage,
Scott, Seward, Shorter, Samuel A. Smitij, William Smith,
Sneed, Spinnei, Stephens, Stewart, Svropc, Talbott, Tay-
* loi, Thuiston, Trippe, Underwood, Vail, Walker, Warner,
Watkins, Weils, Wheeler, Williams, Wmslow, Daniel B.
Wrigbt, John V. Wright, and Zollicoffer—103.
NAYS—Messrs. Albright, Allison, Barbour, Henry Ben-
nett, Benson, Bingham, Bishop, Bi adshaw,Brenton, Bi oom,
Buffington, Burlingame, James II. Campbell, Lewis D.
Campbell, Carlile, Chaffee, Ezra Claik, dawson, Colfax,
Comins, Covode, Cragin, Cullen,Cumbaek, Damiell, Heniy
Winter Davis, Timothy Davis, Dean, Dickson, Dodd, Due- j*
fee, Flagler, Henry M. Fuller, Galloway, Granger, lUulan,
J. Morrison Harris, Harrison, Hoffman, Holloway, Thomas
R. Horton, Howard, Kelsey, King, Knapp, Knight, Knowl-
ton, Knox, Kunkel, Lake, Loiter, Limllev, Maite<on, Mc-
Carty, Killian Miller, Millwaid, Moigan, Morrill, Munay,
Norton, Paine, Paiker, Pellon, Pennington, Perry, Pettit,
Pike, Pringle, Puiviance, Reade, Rieaud, Ritchie, Robbins,
Roberts, Robison, Sabm, Sage, Sapp, Sherman, Simmons,
Stanton, Stranahan, Tappan, Thormgton, Todd, Trafton,
Valk" Walbridge, Wakhon, Cadwaladcr O. Washburne,
Ellibu B. Washburne, Israel WaMiburn, Watson, Welch,
Whitney, Wood, Woodruff, and Woodworth—9tf.
Pending the call of the roll,
Mr. GILBERT stated that he had paired off,
upon this vote, with Mr. Cobb, of Georgia.
Mr. Glossbrcnner was then sworn in as Ser-
geaiu-at-Arms.
ELECTION OF DOORKEEPER.
Mr. SHERMAN. I offer the following reso-
lution; and upon it I demand the previous ques-
tion:
Resolved, That Natlian Darling, of the Slate of New
York, is hereby declared Doorkeeper of the House of Rep-
resentatives for the Thirty-Fourth Congress.
Mr. H. MARSHALL. I move to lay that
resolution upon the table.
Mr. LETCHER. I call for the yeas and nays
on that motion.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the negative—yeas 87, nays 118; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Aiken, Allen, Barclay, Barksdale, B<dl,
Hundley S. Bennett,' Bocock, Howie, Boyce, Branch,
Brooks,v Bmnotf, Cadwaladcr, John P. Campbell, Ca-
rutliers, Caskie, Clmsrman, Williamson R. W. Cobb, Cox,
Crawloid, Davidson, Denver,Dowdell, Dunn, Echnundson,
Elliott, English, Faulkner, Florence, Foster, Thomas J
D. Fuller, Goode, Gicenwood, Augustus Hall, Sampson
W. Harris, Thomas L. Hams. IIarrir.on, Herbert, Hickman,
Houston, Jewett, Geoige W. Jones, J. Glancy Jones,
Keitt, Kelly, Kidwell, Letcher, Lindley, Lumpkin, Alex-
ander K. Marshall, Humphrey Marshall, Samuel S. Mar-
shall, Maxwell, MeMullin, McQueen, Smith Miller, Mill-
son, Moore, Mordccai Oliver, Peek, Phelps, Powell, (iuit-
man, Ready, RulTm, Rust, Sandidgo, Savage, Scott, Sew-
ard, Shorter, Samuel A. Smith, Sneed, Stephens, Stewart,
Swope, Taylor, Tuppe, Vail, Walker, Warner, Watkins,
Wells, Wmslow, Darnel B. Wright, John V. Wright, and
Zoliicoffer—87.
NAYS—Messrs. Albiiglit, Allison, Barbour, Henry Ben-
nett, Benson, BilUnghui^t, Rmghani, Bishop, Blis^, Brad-
shaw, Brenton, Broom, Buffington, Burlmgume, James II.
Campbell. Lewis D. Campbell, Carlile. Chaffee, Bayaid
Clark, Ezia Chuk, Cluwson, Colt'.ix, Coining, Covodf,
Cia«iti, Cullen, Cumbaek, Damrell, Timothy Davis Day,
Dean, Dick, D.ckson, Dodd, Diufee, Edie, Jfitheiidao,
Evans, Flagler, Henrv M. Fuller, Galloway, Giddings, Gil-
bert, Grow, Robert B. Hall, Harlan, Haven, Hoflman, Hollo-
way, Thomas R. Horton, Howaid, Kelsey, Kennett, King,
Knapp, Knight, KnowJton, Knox, Kunkel, Lake, Leiter,
Mace, Matteson, MeCarty, Killian Miller, Morgan, Morrill,
Moit, Murray, Norton, Andrew Oliver, Paine, Parker, Pel-
ton, Pennington, Peiry, Pettit, Pike, Porter, Pringle, Pur-
viance, Puryear, Reade, Rieaud, Ritchie, Rivers, Robbing.
Roberts, Robison, Sabm, Sage, Sapp, Sherman, Simmons,
William R. Smith, Spinner, Stanton, Stianalian, Tappan,
Thorington, Thurston. To('d, Tratton, Tyson, Valk, Wade,
Walbridge, Waldion, Cadwaladei C. Washburne, Elhhu B.
Washburne, Israel Washburn, Welch, Wheeler, Whitney,
Wood, Woodruff, and Woodwoith—118.
Pending the call of the roll,
Mr. "WATSON stated that he had paired off
upon this vote with Mr. Orr.
The main question was then orderedxo be put,
being upon the adoption of the resolution.
Mr. GREENWOOD demanded the yeas aiid,
nays. '
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was then taken; and decided in
the affirmative—yeas 119, nays 85; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Albright, Allison, Ball, Barbour, Henry
Bennett, Benson, Billinghurst, Bingham, Bishop, Bliss,
Bradshaw, Brenton, Broom, Buffington, Burlingame,
James H. Cdmpbell, Lewis D.'Campbell, Carlile, Chaffee,
Bayard Clark, Ezra Clark, dawson, Colfax, Comins, Co-
vode, Cragin, Cullen, Cumbaek, Damrell, Timothy Davis,
Day, Dean, Dick, Dickson, Dodd, Edic, Evans, Flagler,
Henry M. Fuller, Galloway, Giddings, Gilbert, Granger,
Grow, Robert B. Hall, Harbin, J. Morrison Harris, Ilaven,
Hoffman, Holloway, Thomas R. Horton, Howard, Kelsey,
Kennett, King, Knapp, Knight, Knovvlton, Knox, Kunkel,
Lake, Leiter, Mace, Matteson, MeCarty, Killian Miller,
MilUvard, Moore, Morgan, Morrill. Mott, Murray, Nichols,
Norton, Andrew Oliver, Pnme, Paiker, Pelton, Pennington,
Perry, Pettit, Porter, Pringle, Reade, Rieaud, Ritchie, Riv-
ers, Robbins, Roberts. Robison, Sabm, Sage, Sapp, Sher
man, Simmons,William R. Smith, Spinner, Stanton, Stran-
ahan, Tappan, Thoungton, Thuiston, Todd, Tyson, Un-
derwood, Valk, Wade, Walbridge, Waldion, Cadwalader
C. Washburne, Elhhu B. Washburne, Israel Washburn,
Welch, Wheeler, Whitney, Wood, Woodruff, Woodworth,
and Zollicoffer—119.
NAYS—Mc«?is. Aiken, Allen, Barclay, Barksdale, Bell,
Heudley S. Bennett, Bocock, Bowie, Boyce, Branch,
Biooks, Burnett, Cadwalader, John P. Campbell, Caruth-
oin, Caskie, Cimgman, Williamson R. W. Cobb, Cox,Craw-
ford, Davidson, Henry Winter Davis, Denver, Dowdell,
Dunn, Edmundson, Elliott, English, Faulkner, Florence,
Foster, Thomas J. D. Fuller, Goode, Greenwood, Augustus
Hall, Sampson W. Harris, Thomas L. Harris, Harrison,
Ileibert, Hickman, Houston, Jewett, Geoige W. Jones, J.
Glancy Jone>, Keitt, Kelly, Kidwell, Letcher, Lmdley,
Lumpkin, Humphrey Marshall, Samuel S. Marshall, Max-
well, McMulhn, McQueen, Smith Miller, Millson, Mordc-
cai Ohvei, Peck, Phelps, Powell, Quitman, Ruffin, Rust,
Samhdge, Savage, Scott, Sewatd, Shorter, Samuel A.
Smith,'William Smith, Snced, Stephens, Stewart, Swope,
Tayloi, Tiippo, Vail, Walker, Warner, Watkins, Wells,
Wmslow, Daniel B. Wright, and John V. Wright—SO.
The Sneaker thereupon announced Nathan
Darling duly elected Doorkeeper of the House
for the Thirty-Fourth Congress.
Mr. FLAGLER. I move that the oath of office
be administered to the Doorkeeper elect.
The motion was agreed to. Mr. Darling then
came forward, and the Speaker proceeded to ad-
minister to him the usual oath of officc.
ELECTION OF POSTMASTER.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Pennsylvania. I offer a
resolution, which I send to the Clerk's desk; and
upon it I demand the previous question.
The resolution was reported, as follows:
Resolved, That Robert Moms he, and he is hereby, de-
clared Postmaster for the House of Representatives or the
Thirty-Foui th Congress of the United States.
Mr. PHELPS. I move to lay the resolution
upon the table.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I demand the yeas and
nays upon that motion.
Mr. SEWARD. I ask the gentleman from
Pennsylvania to withdraw the demand for the
previous question, so that the House may have
an opportunity to select between those gentle-
men who stand as candidates before this body.
Mr. CAMPBELL. 1 decline to withdraw the
demand.
Mr. H. MARSHALL. I suggest to the gen-
tleman from Missouri to withdraw his motion to
lay the resolution on the table. This whole mat-
ter is perfectly apparent, and I propose that we
allow them to put it through.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. If gentlemen are
disposed to allow the House to test this matter,
I presume the gentleman from Missouri will with-
draw his motion to lay upon tbetable, if the gentle-
man from Pennsylvania, who introduced the reso-
lution, will withdraw his demand for the previous
question, until we can move to substitute another
name. Then he can move the previous question,
and we can choose between the two candidates.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I nse to a question of
order. 1 believe all discussion is out of order.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was then taken; and decided in
the negative—yeas 105, nays 108; as follows:
YEAS Messrs. Aiken, Allen, Barclay, Barksdale, Ilcnd-
Ciawford, Davidson, Day, Denver, Dowdell, Dunn, Ed-
mundson, Elliott, English, Ethendge, Eustis, Faulkner,
Florence, Fosfei, Thomas J. D. Fuller, Goode, Greenwood,
Augustus Hall, Sampson W. Harris, Thomas L. Harris,
Herbert, Hickman, Hoffman,Houston, Jewett, Geoige W.
Jones, J. Glancy Jones, Kent, Kelly, Kennett, Kidwell,
Lake, Letcher, Lmdlev, Lumpkin, Mace, Alexander K.
Marshall, Humphrey Marshall, Samuel S. Marshall, Max-
well, MeMullin, McQueen, Smith Millei,Millson, Mooie,
Nichols, Andrew Oliver, MOidecai Oliver, Peck, Phelps,
Porter, Powell, Puryear, Quitman, Ready, Rivers, Rufftny-
Rust, Sandidgey Savage, Scott, Seward, Shorter/ Samuel
A. Smith, Sneed, Spinner, Stephens, Stewart,Swope, Tat-1
, ... . Thurston,Trippe, Underwood, vail. Walked
XT a 1 -     Y XTl. <■  nl K I (1<-a v 1JV. in A1 S"i .V
bott, Taylor, uiursiun, Hippu, u/iuci vvuuu, vat!, w nijyoi.,
Warner, Watkins, Wells,' wheeler, Williams, window?,?
Daniel B. Wright, John V, Wright, and Zollicoffer—103-" -
NAYS—Messrs. Albrjght, Allison, Bait, Barbour, Henry*
Beunett, Benson, BiUinghurstjBingham, Bishop, pradshaw,
Brenton, Broom, Buffington, Burlingame, James H. Camp-;
bell, Lewis D. Campbell, Chaffee, Bayard Clark, daw#o^-
Colfax, Comins, Covode, Cragin, Cullen, Cumbaek,' DatfiW ■>
rell, Henry Wipter Davis, .Timothy Davis, Dean,; Dick,
Dickson, Dodd, Durfee, Edie, Evans, Flagler, Henry M.,
Fuller, Galloway, Giddings, Gilbert,Granger,GrOW, Robert *
B. Hall, Harlan, J. Monison Harris,^Harrison, Haven, Hol-
loway, Thomas R. Horton, Howard/Kelsey, King, Knapp,
Knight, Knovvlton, Kunkel, Leiter, Matteson, MeCarty,
Killian Miller,Millward, Morgan, Morrill, Mott, Murray-,,
Norton, Paine, Parker, Pelton, Pennington, Perry, Pettit,'
Pike, Pringle, Purviance, tteaae, Rieaud, Ritchie. Robbins,
Roberts, Robison, Sabm, Sage, Sapp, Sheiman, Simmons,
William Smith, William R. Smithy Stanton, Suanahan,
Tappan, Thonngfon, Todd, Trafton, Tyson, Valk, Wado,
Walbridge, Waldron, Cadwalader C. Washburne, Ellihu
B. Washburne, Israel Washburn, Watson, Welch, Whit-
ney, Wood, Woodruff, and Woodworth—108.
The question recurring on ordering the main
question to be now put, it was taken, and de'-'
cided in the affirmative.
The yeas and nays were then demanded andf
ordered upon the main question.
Mr. VALK. I move that the House do now
adjourn.
The question was put; and decided in the neg-
ative.
The main question, viz: " Shall the resolution*
pass?" was then taken, and decided in the affirm-
ative—yeas 108, nays 97; as follows:
YEAS — Messrs. Albright, Allison, Ball, Barbdur, Henry
Bennett, Benson, Bimdiam, Bishop, Bradshaw, Brenton,'
Broom, Buffington,Burlingame, JamesH. Campbell,Lewis
1). Campbell, Chaffee, Clawson, Colfax, Comins, Covode,f
Cragin, Cullen, Cumbaek, Damiell, Henry Winter Davis,'
Timothy Davis, Dean, Dick, Dickson, Dodd, Durfee, Edie,
Flagler, Henry M. Fuller, Galloway, Giddmgs, Gilbert,
Granger, Robert B. Hall, Harlan, J. Morrison Harris, Har—.
rlson, Haven, Hoffman, Holloway, ^Thomas R. Horton,
Howard, KeNey, King, Knapp, Knight, Knowlton, KnOx,
Kunkel, Leiter, Matteson, MeCarty, Meacham, Killian
Miller, Millward, Moore, Moigan, Morrill, Murray, Norton,
Paine, Parker, Pelton, Pennington, Perry, Pettit^Pike,
Pringle, Purviance, Reade, Rieaud, Ritchie, Robbins, Rob-
erts, Robison, Sabin, Sage, Sapp, Sherman, Simmons,
William R. Smith, Stanton, Stianahan, Tappan, Thoring-
ton, Todd, Trafton, Tyson, Underwood, Valk, Wade, Wal-,
budge, Waldron, Cadwalader O. Washburne, Ellihu B.
Washburne, Israel Washburn, Watson, Welch, Whitney,,
Wood, Woodruff, Woodworth, and Zollicoffer—108.
NAYS—Messrs. Aiken, Allen, Barclay, Bark&dale, Hend-
ley S. Bennett, Boeoek, Bowie, Boyce, Branch, BrooJks,
Burnett, Cadwalader, John P. Campbell, Cai Hie, Caruthers,;
Caskie, Clingman, Williamson R. W. Cobb, Cox, Craw-
lord, Davidson, Day, Delivers, Dowdtfll, Dunn, Edmund-
son, Elliott,English, Etheridge,Eustis, Faulkticr,Florence,'
Foster, Thomas J. D. Fuller, Goode, Greenwood, Grow,
Sampson W. Haras, Thomas L. Hairis, Herbert, Hickman,
Houston, Jewett, George W. Jones, J. Glancy Jone*,Keitt,
Kellv, Kidwell, Lake, Letcher, Lmdley, Lumpkin, Mace,
Humphrey Marshall, Samuel S. Marshall, Maxwell, Me-
Mullin, MoQ-ueen, Smith Miller, Millson, Nichols, Andrew
Oliver, Mordecai Oliver, Peck, Phelps, Porter, Powell, Pur--
year, Quitman, Rivers, Ruffin, Rust, Sandidge, Savage,
Seott, Seward, Shorter, Samuel A. Smith, Sneed, Spin-
ner, Stephens, Stewart, Swope, Talbott, Taylor, Thurston,
Trippe, Vail, Walker, Warner, Watkins, Wells, Wheeler,:
Williams, Wmslow, Daniel B. Wright, and John V. Wright
—97.
The Speaker thereupon declared Robert Morris
duly elected Postmaster for the House of Repre-
sentatives of the Thirty-Fourth Congress.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Pennsylvania. I ask
that the oath of office be now administered to the
Postmaster elect.
Mr. Morris then came forward, and the Speaker
proceeded to administer to him the usual oath of
office. 9
ADOPTION OF RULES FOR THE HOUSE.
Mr. CLINGMAN. There being no resolution
now pending, I make the motion 1 attempted to
make yesterday; which is, Lhat the rules of the
last Congress be adopted for the government of
this House until further ordered. Upon the mo-
tion I demand the previous question.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I ask the gentle-
man from North Carolina to permit the resolutions
which I hold in my hand to be read, and if he
approves of them, he can accept them m lieu of
the motion which he has olFered.
The resolutions were reported, as follows:
Resolved * That the rules of the House of Repiesentatives
of the Thirty-Third Congress shall be the lules of the present
House of Representatives, until othei wise oideied.
Resolved^ That a committee of five be appointed by the
Spoakei, to whom shall be referred the rules of the House,
and who shall have leave to report at any time sueh amend-
ment and revision of the same as they shall think proper}
and such report, when made, shall be considered by the
House as a special ordei.
