1960
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
August 6,
port of refuge, a place of repairs and supplies, at the Cape
Fear, which may be regarded as the head or the most
retired part of the great bend, in which vessels frequently
encounter easterly or southeasterly storms, and where,
annually, many are wrecked, and more still dismasted
and otherwise crippled. The immense trade carried on be-
tween points south of the Cape Fear, New Orleans, Mobile,
Pensacoia, Key West, Savannah, and Charleston, and the
northern cities—Baltimore, Philadelphia, New York, Bos-
ton, &c.— and between the former cities and Europe, is
maintained in vessels drawing about fifteen or eighteen feet
of water, and the larger part of it passes along the coast of
North Carolina, near the mouth of the Cape Fear. Can
any one calculate the utility of this port as a port of refuge,
a place of escape from the elements and the enemy, a place
of supply and repairs when crippled—for vessels of that
class, in time of war ? Other nations, at enormous expense,
have made artificial harbors on coasts not badly supplied
with natural ones. Shall not we, at comparatively small
expense, restore what nature once furnished ? Are not the
arguments which justify and require the crection of light-
houses applicable to this improvement?
" But these are not the only considerations which rec-
ommend the restoration of this inlet."
After an argument upon another point, they
say:
" We may therefore have—what must be regarded as a
national benefit at all times, and in time of war as of very
great importance—a depot of coal upon the Cape Fear, in-
dependent of supply from the North, and beyond the reach
of an enemy. But this depot will, in a great measure, be
lost to the country, unless the Cape Fear shall be improved
bo as to admit our steamers of war."
At the conclusion of this very elaborate report
and estimate, which contains all that had formerly
taken place, are the details of the complex nature
of the work. It sums up with an estimate of
$458,000, unless certain small outlets shall be
closed with stone, in which case the estimate will
be #500,000. m
The Committee on Commerce having in viRv
this as a great national work, such as the Presi-
dent had described, snbmitted a bill appropriating
the sum appropriated last year. After the bill
came in, the estimates which have boon now road
•were submitted to the committee, and on that
basis they have reported an amendment. I am
not tenacious myself about the amendment, and
I will, therefore, lfmy colleagues will assent, with-
draw the amendment of the committee, and have
the question taken on the bdl as it stands.
Mr. REID. I trust the amendment will not be
withdrawn.
Mr. SEWARD. Very well; but it excites
jealousy among the friends of the bills.
The PRESfDING OFFICER, (Mr. Foot.)
The Chair cannot regard it as in the authority of
a member to withdraw an amendment of a com-
mittce.
Mr. SEWARD. It brings up a question pre-
cisely similar to that which occurred yesterday
in regard to the harbor of Chicago, where the
subsequent action of the comnuttce, or a part of
the committee, increased the estimate, and yet the
Senate rejected other bills on the same ground;
and, therefore, I shall think it my duty now to
stand by the original estimate.
Mr. REID. The bill, with the amendment, is
in accordance with the estimate.
Mr. SEWARD. I know it is; but the com-
mittee had before estimated for similar sums, and
in the case of all the harbors for Wisconsin sub-
sequent estimates were produced by the chairman
of the committee, on which the committee agreed
to recommend larger sums in nearly all those
cases; and no. Senator, and no member, more
earnestly than the honorable Senator from North
Carolina, insisted against allowing all these addi-
tional estimates; and under my advice the hon-
orable Senator from Wisconsin withdrew them,
and now I desire to withdraw this amendment.
Mr. REID. I think this case is different from
those.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I have not troubled the
Senate on any of these bills. I have voted for all
of them, I believe, without one exception; and I
mean to vote for this. I have had no idea from
the beginning but to vote for this if it stood on
any fair basis, as I supposed it did. My only
object was to call the attention of the Senate to
the facts. I recollected the case of Cape Fear
river, and how it got through in a separate bill
two years ago, on a talk had here in t% Senate,
in reference to certain obstructions said to have
been placed there or occasioned by the action of
the General Government.
The President signed that bill, and*gave, as an
excuse for signing it, the rumors he had heard on
that subject. It was not stated in the bill, and
he had no record proof of the fact stated as the
reason. Now, this bill is brought here in this
shape, I suppose with the same view. I desired
simply to expose the facts. 1 never have yet seen
or heard exhibited to the Senate any proof to
show that these obstructions were placed in the
river by the Government, It has been asserted
over and over again, but it is a matter of suppo-
sition at best. Being opposed to the humbug of
placing this on any different ground from many
other measures which are entitled to equal merit,
I thought it best to call the attention of the Senate
to it, in order that they might understand pre-
cisely the position in which it is placed. I shall
vote for the bill of course. There are a great
many very good points about it. As the Senator
from" North Carolina says, there is abundant rea-
son why the thing should be done. I can see no
necessity for keeping up this humbug, except to
save the consciences of certain gentlemen who
want to vote for it, and cannot do it unless they
have some excuse.
Mr. REID. I will say to the Senator from
Maine, if he will permit me, that I think he has
gone out of the record when he says the Presi-
dent signed the bill upon grounds that he had
from mere rumor. That is a mistake. The Pres-
ident gave to that question due consideration.
Mr FESSENDEN. Let us have the proof
exhibited here.
Mr. REID. I say to the Senator that there is
abundant proof. I will read from the letter of
Captain Benham, of the engineer corps. He
says:
"These jetties projecting at right angles, or nearly so,
from the line of shore in front of Fort Caswell, mun un-
avoidably deflect the current to the opposite sdiore, and in
that region of ^lifting sand, the dry or hi^h land, formed, for
the most part, by the wind and waves, the result of this di-
version oi' the current towards the left or east bank of the
nvei, mint be the almimon of that shore, the debris from
which, carried down to the bar but a shortdistancc below,
must he deported theie in large quantifies by the slack
water or eddies occurring where the current of the river
meets the Atlantic ocean—the result being a shoaling of the
bar, or the reducing the depth of the water for purposes ©f
navigation.*'
The letter is dated 26th July last.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The President did not
have that, I take it.
Mr.REID. He had authority equally good. It
is a matter generally conccded everywhere by all
scientific men. I do not think it has ever been de-
nied in a single instance, that the jetties put there
by the General Government have obstructed the
river, and helped to increase the bar and decrease
the amount of water.
Mr. STUART. I entertain views very sim-
ilar to those expressed by the Senator from Maine
on this subject. When a similar bill was in-
troduced by the then Senator from North Car-
olina, (Mr. Badger,) some two years ago, what-
ever may have been the effect on the Senate
generally, I certainly was misled. At a sub-
sequent day, when the bill was approved by the
President of the United States on the grounds
which have been read from his message, they
were not satisfactory. There is no foundation
for these reasons given, and I nm prepared to
show, in one minute, that they do not exist in
fact. Here is the report made in 1853, March
30, by the board, which was read by the honor-
able Senator from New York, consisting of Pro-
fessor A. D. Bache, Charles H. Davis, D. P.
Woodbury, Isaac I. Steveas, all competent men.
On theirreport this wholesaling is founded. Now,
let me read two or three propositions which they
state, and see if there is anything in this pretext.
The report is a very long one; but they say:
" This table and the maps from which the sounding? have
been taken, do, m the opinion of the commission, alter full
and careful consideration and discussion, authorize the fol-
lowing conclusions:
" 1. The depth on the mam bar of Cape Fear entrance
lias diminished, since the earliest records, at an irregular
rate. In the last fifty years it has shoaled from fifteen feet to
eight feet, so that at the beginning of thi-5 century there was
two and a half feet more water on the bar, at ordinary low
water, than there is now at ordinary high water.
" 2. In general, a decrease of depth on the main bar has
been attended, as might be expected—the middle ground
remaining the came, or rising—with an increase of depth m
the western channel, and vice versa. The latter channel
has, however, fluctuated rapidly and irregularly, while the
decrease on the main bar has been constantly going on.
" 3. The deterioration of the main entrance is due mainly
to the influence of New Inlet, which opened, as nearly as
we caji learn, about 1780. This outlet diminishes by a vast
amount the volume of water which otherwise would, and
formerly did, pass m and out at the main entrance during
every tide. And the evil has doubtless been accelerated
latterly by two still newer openings, alluded to above, which
are a little south of that inlet."
There is not a word in that whole lengthy re-
port that goes to show that the water has been
diminished on account of the fort; but they tell
you that from the earliest periods this has been
going on, and at an irregular rate. Who makes
this report? The Coast Survey officers, who, in
the surveying the coast of the ocean, have ascer-
tained, so far as science can, all these causes. I
confess I do not like—I should be authorized in
expressing my feelings to use a stronger term—
these specious reasons for particular works.
There never was any reason for this appropria-
tion that does not exist at every other place on
the Atlantic coast. If I am satisfied that this
work is necessary for the purpose of a harbor of
protection and refuge, or for the naval armament
of the country, however greatly commerce may-
be benefited by it incidentally. I can vote for it
if the appropriation is anything like commensu-
rate with the object. The estimate is $500,000 in
addition to what has already been appropriated.
Here is a half million, and what is the result to
be arrived at? We are not told.
But, sir, 1 did not rise for the purpose of going
into that argument, but to enter my protest against
these specious reasons, which are in the very face
of the report made here by the proper officers. I
know that when this bill was approved by the
President, and before it was approved, many gen-
tlemen stated that it presented tlie whole question,
and that if the President approved it, there could
bo no pretense for refusing to approve the others.
That was fully and fairly understood. Senators
should not be misled, and the public should not
be misled, about these affairs; foj: they constitute
very serious difficulties.
Besides, not only are these bills put upon spe-
cious reasons, but the appropriations are enor-
mous. While there is a clamor raised here that
you would think would unsettle the foundations
of this Government, about an appropriation of
{§10,000 for a harbor on the lakes just as necessary
as tins, there is not even a desire to get the yeas
and nays on an appropriation of $200,000 down
here on the Atlantic. I say it is wrong, and the
Senate should not proceed on any such consid-
erations. There is another reason which dis-
tinguishes this from any other appropriation for
similar purposes; and the Senator from Georgia
was right when he stated in a few words, at the
outset, the effect of the work that had been done
here. It is one of those rivers which, like the Mis-
sissippi, and many others, are constantly chang-
ing their condition; and it is a question of doubt,
when you have finished, whether your $500,000
will place the mouth of the river in such a condi-
tion thatitcan be entered.
Mr. IVERSON. I understood that this bill
was reported from the Committee on Commerce,
of which the Senator from Michigan is a very
distinguished and prominent member. It is with
some surprise, therefore, that I find the gentle-
man to-day attempting to strangle his own bant-
ling.
Mr. STUART. If the Senator had heard what
I said a little while ago, he would-not have ex-
pressed his surprise. I said that I agreed with a
majority of the committee in regard to several of
these bills, that I would consent to report them,
at the same time telling the committee that I
would not agree to vote for them.
Mr. IVERSON. I was not aware of any pri-
vate arrangements which the Senator entered into
with his colleagues. All I know is what was the
action of the committee made public to the Senate
by officially reporting this bill back (for $140,000
as originally presented) from the Committee on
Commerce, with an amendment increasing the
sum to $200,000. That was the action of the
Committee on Commerce, as I understand, and
not of any individual Senator.
Mr. SEWARD. The honorable Senator, I
know, will excuse me for a word of explanation.
The honorable Senator is aware, as the Senate
is, of the number of bills that come before the
Committee on Commerce at different times and
periods and under different circumstances. The
honorable Senator from Michigan might not be
in attendance at one time. The honorable Sen-
ator from Wisconsin perhaps was never absent.
I, myself, was sometimes absent. So that the
committee was constituted and the bill was
