360
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 6,
, Mr. CL1NGMAN. I- prefer my resolution,
but 1 .accept tKe modification, if it will be more
s&tisfactory. [Cries of "No!" "No!"] _
Mr. CARLILE. I move to lay the resolutions
Upon the talble for the present.
Mr. CLfNGMAN. As the modification does
riot" appear to be satisfactory, 1 adhere to my
original resolution.
The SPEAKER. The motion is to lay the
resolution upon the table.
Mr. CAKLl-LE. I withdraw my motion to
lay. upon -the table.
The SPEAKER., The question recurs, "Shall
the main question be now put ?"
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio. I would inquire
if the gentleman from Worth Carolina accepted
the amendment offered by the gentleman from
Tennessee ^
.Mr. CLINGMAN. I did, but I have with-
drawn my acceptance.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I regard the substitute
offered by the gentleman from Tennessee as very-
important. If the proposition offered by the gen-
tleman fr.om North Carolina prevails, the rules
never can be amended short of a two-third vote.
TJhe jruJes are defective, and the amendment of-
fered by the gentleman from Tennessee ought to
prevail, so that a committee may be appointed
"with power to propose amendments to the rules,
as necessity occurs for it. I hope, if the amend-
ment is not accepted, the resolution will be de-
feated.
The main question was then ordered to be now
put.,
Mr. CAMPBELL. I demand the yeas and
nays upon the passage.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
Mr. EDIE. I move that the House do now
adjourn.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I submit to the
Chair that such motion is not in order, inasmuch
as the House has just ordered the main question
to be gow put upon the adoption of the resolution.
The House has determined that they will have
the main question now; and no other motion is in
order.
The SPEAKER. The Chair is of opinion
that the motion to adjourn is in order at this
time,
The question was taken upon Mr. Edie's mo-
tion; and it was decided in the negative.
The question Alien recurring 011 the adoption
of the motion of Mr. Clixgman, it was put and
decided in the affirmative.
So the rules of the last Congress were adopted
as tlie rules of the present House of Represent-
atives.
Mr. JONES. The rules of the last Congress
having been adopted, I now move, under tlicm,
that the vote by which they were adopted be re-
considered, and. that the motion to reconsider do
lie on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
compensation" to john \v. forney.
Mr. WHEELER. I offer the following res-
olution; and upon it demand the previous ques-
tion.
Resolved, That there be paid out of the contingent fund
of the House to John W. Forney, late Clerk, in addition to
the salary allowed him by Jaw, eisrht doliais per diem} for
the additional services performed by him from the 3d day
of December, 18o5, to the 4th day of Februaiv, 1856.
The pnwious question was then seconded, and
the main: question was ordered to be now put.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I object to that
resolution, and I think it is not in order to intro-
duce it..
The SPEAKER. The Chair understands the
House to have ordered the main question to be
put.
The question was then taken on the resolution,
and it was agreed to.
ELECTION OF PBIKTER.
Mr. BINGHAM. I offer a resolution, which
I send to the Clerk; and upon it I demand the
previous question.
The resolution was reported, as follows:
Resolved, That Oran Follett, of Columbus, Ohio, be, and
lie is heieby, elected to be Frinter for tee House of Repre-
sentatives of the Thirty-Fourth Congress.
Mr. CARLILE. I rise to a point of order. It
is, that the House cannot declare, by resolution,
who shall be its printer.
Mr. HOUSTON. I desire to inquire of the
Chair, whether the resolution is in order, under
the rules of the House, at this time ?
Mr. CARLILE. The question I raise is, that
under the law of Congress which'authorizes this
body to elect a printer, this House cannot declare
one elected by a resolution. In support of my
point, I refer to the eighth section of the act of
Congress passed August 26, 1852, whifch says:
" And be it further enacted, That there shall be elected a
public printer for each House of Congress, to do the public
printing for the Congiess for which he oi they may be
chosen."
Now, sir, the act, using the word (s elected,"
requires not a declaration of printer by resolution
—for I hold that would be a perfect evasion of
the law—but that an actual vote shall be taken,
in order that each member of this body may elect,
by vote, for himself.
The SPEAKER. The question raised by the
gentleman from Virginia is a question for the
House to determine, not for the Chair.
Mr. SMITH, of Tennessee. Is it in order to
move now to adjourn ?
The SPEAKER. That motion is in order.
Mr. SMITH, of Tennessee. Then I move
that the House do now adjourn.
A Member. What has become of the point
of order raised by the gentleman from Virginia?
The SPEAKER. The Chair has decided that
the point of order raised by the gentleman from
Virginia is a question for the House to determine,
and not for the Chair.
Mr. CARLILE. "Well, sir, how am I to get
the question before the House? I move to lay
the resolution on the table.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Tennes-
see [Mr. Smith] has offered a precedent motion,
that the House do now adjourn.
Mr. A. K. MARSHALL and others demanded
tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Flagler,
and Smith of Tennessee, were appointed.
Mr. SMITH. I withdraw the motion to ad-
journ.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I renew the
motion to adjourn.
Tellers were asked and ordered; and Messrs.
Fi.\oler and Florence were appointed.
The House was divided; and the tellers re-
ported—ayes 93, noes 34.
Mr. "WHEELER called for the yeas and nays,
but they were not ordered.
The House thereupon (at three o'clock and
twenty-five minutes) adjourned till to-morrow at
twehe o'clock, 111.
IN SENATE.
Wednesday, February 6, 1858.
The J ournal of yesterday was read and approved.
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. Henry C. Dean.
treasurer's accounts.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore laid before the
Senate a communication from the Treasurer of
the United States, inclosing a statement of his
accounts for the third and fourth quarters of the
year 1854, and the first and second quarters of
the year 1855, as adjusted by the accounting offi-
| cers of the Treasuiy Department; also, a copy of
i his account for the second quarter of the year
| 1854, which did not accompany the accounts for
j the three preceding quarters, in consequence of
not having been finally acted upon at that time,
The communication was ordered to lie on the
table.
relief of the poor.
Mr. CLAYTON. Mr. President, I desire to
offer, for the consideration of the Senate, and to
ask its immediate action upon, a joint resolution
for the relief of the suffering poor of Washington
and Georgetown. I *y(-^terday offered a resolu-
tion, which failed, to take money for the purpose
contemplated from the contingent fund of the
Senate; to obviate the objections made yesterday,
I offer this joint resolution. If the Senate will
pass it, possibly it may be passed by the House
of Representatives at once, and the relief which
I am anxious to obtain may be afforded. But,
before any action is taken on the resolution, I
desire to have read to the Senate a letter which I
have received from a distinguished physician of
this city. For that purpose, I send the letter to
the Chair, and ask that it may be read.
The Secretary read the letter, as follows:
Washington, D. C., February 5, 1856.
Sir: I had the foitune £0 be in the Senate thi3 morning,
and hear your remarks on the necessity of making an ap
propnation for the purchase of wood for the poor of Wash-
ington; and while I regret the termination of the'affair, I
beg leave to give you some bnef details of the dire neces-
sity of some kindred measure to the one this morning re-
jected. I hold the position of city physician of the ward
in which I reside, and must, of course, have an intimate
acquaintance with the necessities of the poor I am daily
called on to attend. The degree of suffering has been in-
tense. Many, previously laboring under chionic diseases,,
" have died from want, while acute diseases have been gen-
erated in others, which must end fatally unless aid is fur-
nished, and that speedily. But very recently I have seen a
starving mother pressing to her breast a starving child; and,
gad to &ay, such cases are not uncommon. Private chari-
ties are exhausted; the alms-house is 110 longer capable of
holding another inmate, and 1 ean see no means (save a
public donation) to pi event a most frightful mortality.
Praying an cxcuse for thus trespassing on your time, I am,
most respectfully, your obedient servant,
# SAM/L A. STOKKOW, M. D.
Hon. John M. Clayton. 4
Mr. CLAYTON. I now submit my resolution.
The Secretary read it, as follows:
Resolved by the Senate and House of Representatives of
the United States of America in Congress assembled, That
the Sergeant-at-Arms of the Senate and Sergeant-at-Arms
of the House of Representatives ascertain, without delay,
the cases withm the cities of Washington and Geoigotovvn
in which there is individual suffering for the want of fuel
during the present extraordinary and long-contmucd hard
weather; and that fuel be furnished for the relief of such
suffering persons in small and suitable quantities, so as
best to accomplish the humane object in view; and that
for the accomplishment if this purpose the sum of $1,500
be, and the s>ame is hereby, appropriated out of any money
in the Treasury not otherwise appropriated.
The joint resolution was read a first time, and
ordered to a second'rcading.
Mr. HAMLTN. I will not interpose any ob-
jection to action on this resolution after the ordi-
nary morning business shall have been gone
through with; but I must interpose objection to
its consideration until then.
The PRESIDENT. The resolution cannot
now be considered, objection being made.
petitions, etc.
Mr. PEARCE presented the memorial of Har-
riet L. B. Ruth, praying to be allowed the com-
pensation due to her son, the late Joseph S. Ruth,
for preparing the magnetic and meteorological
observations made at the observatory of Girard
College, under the resolution of the Senate of the
4th of February, 1845, and the order of the Senate
of the 12th of February, 1845; which was referred
to the Committee on the Library.
Also, additional papers in relation to the claim
of the heirs of Uriah Forrest, for half-pay, under
resolves of Congress of 10th of April and 21st
of October, 1780; which, with their memorial on
the files of the Senate, were referred to the Com-
mittee on Revolutionary Claims.
Mr. TRUMBULL presented the memorial of
Anna Rice, heir and legal representative of John
Jones, deceased, a captain in the revolutionary
army, praying to be allowed seven years' half-
pay due to him; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Revolutionary Claims.
Mr. PRATT presented the petition of Mary
B. Dusenbery, widow of Major Samuel B. Du-
senbory, late of the Army, who died while in
the military service of the United States, praying
to be allowed a pension; which was referred to
the Committee on Pensions.
Also, the petition of Margaret F.Smith, widow
of Assistant Surgeon Samuel B. Smith, who died
while in the military service of the United States,
praying to be allowed a pension; which was
referred to the Committee on Pensions.
Also, the memorial of the heirs and representa-
tives of officers of the Maryland line in the army
of the Revolution, praying to be allowed the half-
pay due under the resolve of October 21, 1780,
after deducting the commutation pay already
received; which was referred to the Committee
on Revolutionary Claims.
Mr. BROWN presented additional papers re-
lating to the claim of William B. Trotter for addi-
tional compensation for subsisting and emigrating
Choctaw Indians; which, with his petition on the
files of the Senate, were referred to the Commit-
tee on Indian Affairs.
meteorological observations.
Mr. PRATT. I have been requested to pre-
sent to the Senate the memorial of the Agricultural
Society of Montgomery county, Maryland, in
which they ask that the Committee on Agricul-
