I85&
THE GON{JRESSIO1^' eL03Bi.
m
tute'of the Senate (whose duties, I h'ope', are riot
so onerous as to prevent' their corriplyfn'g witli
the request) will investigate the recent recom-
mendation of Lieutenant Maury with regard to
a general system of meteorological observations
in reference to its application to agriculture. I
therefore move the reference of the memorial to
* thnt committee.
Mr. SEWARD. If I remember aright; peti-
tions of the same nature, which have been" pre-
sented from other agricultural societies, have been
referred to the Committee on the Library.
would suggest to the honorable Senator that thar
committee must therefore have the subject under
consideration. I may be misinformed, but I think
such has been the reference heretofore.
Mr. PRATT. I asked for the reference of the
memorial to the Committee on Agriculture be-
cause the memorialists request' it. X have no
preference in regard to the matte®
Mr. PEAR'CE. I think some memorial on
this subject has been sent to the Committee on
the Library; but I have not the least objection—
indeed I would prefer—that the memorial should
go to the Committee on Agriculture.
The memorial was referred to the Committee
on Agriculture.
THE NAVAL RETIRING BOARD.
Mr. PRATT. I have been requested to pre-
sent the memorial of Samuel Chase Barney, late
a lieutenant in the Navy of the United States, who
was dismissed by the action of the late board of
naval officers. The memorial is very carefully
drawn, and is accompanied by original letters and
copies of letters from the various officers with
whom this gentleman has served during his con-
nection with the Navy. They speak very well
of his conduct, and I am sure the Committee on
Naval Affairs will give it a proper consideration.
The memorial was referred to the Committee
on Naval Affairs.
Mr. PRATT. I have also the memorial of
Lieutenant Junius J. Boyle, who has been fur-
loughed by the disposition made of his case by
the late naval board, asking that his case may be
considered. I find this memorial is very short,
and very modestly drawn. From my own observ-
ation of the gentleman, I am sure that if we have
to go to war, as seems probable now from the
belligerent aspect of the other side of the Chamber,
there can be no officer of the Navy to whom our
flag might be better intrusted. I move the refer-
ence of the memorial to the Committee on Naval
Affairs.
The motion was agreed to.
TEXAS LEGISLATURE ON SLAVERY.
Mr. RUSK presented the following joint res-
olution, passed by the Legislature of the State of
Texas; which was read, and ordered to be printed:
Joint Resolution.
1. Resolved by the Legislature of the State of Texas
That this State regards the acts of Congress passed in 1850
admitting California into the Union, fixing the boundary of
Tcvas, establishing territorial governments iu Utah and
New Mexico, composing a part of what is commonly called
the compromise measures of 1850, as questions fully settled
so far as they have relation to the question of slavery; and
that Texas is opposed to any change in those laws affecting
thei r principles on the great national questions which have
unhappily divided the northern and southern States of this
Union.
2. Resolved, That the State of Texas regards the remain-
ing act of the compromise measures of 1850, commonly
caJled the fugitive slave law, as a measure of constitutional
right and justice to the slaveholding States, essential to their
peace and the preservation of their rights; and that she
would look upon the" repeal or modification of that act as
an invasion of her constitutional rights, and a just cause
of alaitn to herself and her sister States of the South.
3. That the State of Texas regards the late act of the
United States Congress, known as the Kansas Nebraska
act, whereby those Territories are thrown .open to settle-
ment alike by citizens from "the slaveholding and non-slave-
Holding States, as a measure founded on the true spirit of
the Federal Constitution, of justice to all parts of the Union,
and of vital importance to the southern States of the Con-
federacy, as well as the permanent peace of the nation;
and while this State utterly opposes the repeal of that law,
or any modification of its provisions affecting the emigra-
tion or lights of slaveholders in said Territories, she, in
common with her sister States of the South, would regard
.such repeal or modification as an invasion of the tnie spirit
of the Constitution of the United States, as sectional in its
character, and as a just cause of alarm on the part of the
slaveholding States.
That the Governor cause copies of this resolution to be
forwarded to each of our Senators and Representatives in
the Congiess of the United States, duly authenticated.
Department of State, Austin, January 10,1853.
I, Edward Clark, Secretary of Stale of the State of Texas,
do hereby certify that the above and foregoing transciipt is
correct copy of ttie original ehWIled joint resolution' ofi
file in' this Department;
Witness' my hand, and the seal-of the-.Department, the
day and year aforesaid. EDWARD CLARK,
Secretary of State.
PAPERS "WITHDRAWN AND REFERRED.
On motion Iby Mr. ALLEN, it wag
Orjl&tedj That t,he'petition of Nancy Bowen, and the
petition.of Sarah Larrabee, both praying for a pension, be
severally withdrawn from the files of the Senate, and re-
ferred to the Committee oh Pensions.
On motion by Mr. PRATT, it was
Ordered, That the petition of Adam D. Steuart, an officer
m the United States Army, praying for compensation for
extra services during the Mexican war, and the memorial
of Alexander Randall, executor of Daniel Randall, praying
for compensation for receiving and disbursing duties, &c.,
levied in the city of Mexico, during the Mexican war, be
withdrawn from the files? of the Senate, and referred to the
Committee on Military Affairs.
On motion by Mr. YULEE, it was
Ordered, That the petition of F. A. Underwood and H.
A. Crane, heirs of Jehu Underwood, praying for the con-
firmation of their title to certain land, be withdrawn from
the files of the Senate, and referred to the Committee on
Private Land Claims.
NOTICES OF BILLS.
Mr. GEYER gave notice of his intention to
ask leave to introduce a bill to authorize and di-
rect the settlement of the account of the Bank of
the State of Missouri for monev advanced for the
subsistence and transportation of volunteers.
Mr. CLAY gave notice of his intention to ask
leave to introduce a bill to grant alternate sections
of the public lands within the State of Alabama,
in aid of the construction of certain railroads
within that State.
Mr. MALLOKY gave notice of his intention
to ask leave to introduce a bill to improve the
harbor of Appalachicola, in the State of Florida.
PRINTING OF BILLS.
Mr. SLIDELL. I introduced two bills on
Monday, which, having been previously passed
by the Senate, were not referred to committees,
but were placed on the Calendar. I did not ask
for their printing, because I supposed they would
be printed as a matter of course. I am told, how-
ever, that an order is necessary for that purpose.
I therefore move that they be ordered to be printed.
The motion was agreed to.
BILLS INTRODUCED.
Mr. YULEE, in pursuance of previous notice,
asked and obtained leave to introduce a bill to
grant to the State of Florida a preemption right
to certain lands, and for other purposes; which
was read twice by its title, and referred to the
Committee on Public Lands.
Mr. GEYER, in pursuance of previous notice,
asked and obtained leave to introduce a bill to
provide for the payment to the State of Missouri
of two per cent, of the net proceeds of the sales
of public lands therein, heretofore reserved under
a compact with said State; which was read twice
by its title, and referred to the Committee on
Public Lands.
Mr. FESSENDEN, in pursuance of previous
notice, asked and obtained leave to introduce a
bill making appropriations for public works in
the State of Maine; which was read twice by its
title, and referred to the Committee on Commerce.
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES.
Mr. STUART. The Committee on Commerce
have had under consideration the petition of Os-
mond Peters, a lieutenant in the United States
revenue service, praying that the bounty land
law of 1855 may be so amended as to embrace
him and all others who have served in any war
of the United States; and have instructed mc to
report back the memorial, and to ask that it be
referred to the Committee on Pensions, who seem
more particularly to have this subject under their
charge.
The memorial was so referred.
Mr. HAMLIN. The Committee on Com-
merce, to whom was referred the memorial of
Wilson & Brothers, merchants of St. Louis, Mis-
souri, praying for a return of duties paid by them
on imported merchandise, which was destroyed
by fire while in transitu between the port of entry
and the port of delivery, have directed me to
report back that memorial, with the recommend
atioil that it be referred to the Committee on
Finance, who already have that subject before
them.
The memorial was so referred.
Mr. HAMLIN. I am also instructed by the
same committee-to subpiit a motion to the$enr
ate to print the repprt of the Secretary of Wat*
communicating, in compliance with a resofuti^n
ofvtiie Senate, information in relation to the,
penditurcs of an appropriation for improving the
Savannah river. r " -
The motion was agreed to. „ ; \
WILLIAM FOSTER. . ' t
Mr. SEWARD. The Committed on Corattrarese;
to whom was referred the petition of- Williajft
Foster, for compensation for Certain' services
which he has rendered the United States, find, on
examination, that this petitioner states that during
the last two years, while he was a private citizen
of San Francisco, he was induced to make appli-
cation for the Nicaragua Steamship Cofnpanf to
have consent to touch at the port of Manzanftlo, in
the Republic of Mexico. He proceeded by their
advice to that port, and ascertained whether it was
desirable that it should be opened tothe commerce
of the United States, and thence, with the appro-
bation of the Nicaragua Steamship Company, he
proceeded to Mexico, where he effected an ar-
rangement with the Government of that Republic
by which the steamships belonging to that com-
pany were authorized and permitted to touch at
that port on their voyages to and from the United
States, free of any port charges;and then effected
an arrangement with the company by which they
concluded to touch at that port. He states that
by this arrangement one half (being about eight
millions of dollars) of the specie which is ex-
ported from Mexico, and now usually exported
by way of Tampico to England, will be brdught
by these vessels to the United States. He states
that he has incurred an expense of between three
and four thousand dollars; and he prays that
Congress will remunerate him for this expense,
and may also pay him for the services which he
has rendered.
The Committee on Commerce have examined
these facts, and submit that the services claimed
to have been rendered are of a diplomatic, a#d not
of a commercial, character, and that, therefore,
the subject properly falls within the cognizance
of the Committee on Foreign Relations. They
therefore ask that the papers be referred to the
Committee on Foreign Relations.
The motion was agreed to.
INTERNAL IMPROVEMENT BILLS.
Mr. PRATT, in pursuance of previous notice,
asked and obtained leave to introduce a bill for
the improvement of the navigation of thePatapsco
river, and to render the port of Baltimore acces-
sible to the war steamers of the United States;
which wns read twice by its title.
Mr. PRATT. In accordance with the prece-
dent set the other day by the honorable Senator
from Michigan, [Mr. Cass,] as this bill was passed
by the Senate at the last session, I ask that it
may be placed on the Calendar.
The PRESIDENT. That course will be pur-
sued.
Mr. GEYER, in pursuance of previous notice,
asked and obtained leave to introduce a bill to
provide for continuing the improvement of the
Missouri river; which was read twice by its title.
Also, a bill to provide for continuing the im-
provement of the Mississippi river; which was
read twice by its title.
Mr. GEYER. These bills were passed at the
last session; and I now ask that, in accordance
with the course which has been adopted in refer-
ence to other bills of the S'ame character, they
may take their place on the Calendar.
Mr. STUART. All the bills that were pre-
sented and passed here at the last session, with
the exception of the single one presented by my
colleague, [Mr, Cass,] stand on the same basis.
That bill was passed by both Houses of Congress
and therefore my colleague asked that it might
be placed on the Calendar without a reference.
It is the only bill of the kind. - All the other bills
which have been introduced—several by the Sen-
ator from New York, some by the Senator from
Ohio, one by the Senator from Maine, and some
by myself—have all been referred to the Commit-
tee on Commerce. I suggest, therefore, that these
bills should take that course. ^
Mr. GEYER. I have no objection to that; but
it was my understanding that all the other bills of
a similar nature to my own had been plaeed on
ttoer Calendar without a reference.
