1856.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
1087
passed, by for the present, so as to give time to
members to look into it and investigate it fully.
Mr. WASHBURN. I have but a few words
to say. This case occurred in 1839, in the same
Congress in which the celebrated New Jersey
cases were decided. There was undoubtedly a
goad deal of political feeling connected with the
decision of these cases. And it will be found that
the House was not at that time in the very best
mood to decide justly and impartially on this
claim of Mr Ingersoll for mileage. At any rate,
in the next Congress, and, 1 think, m the suc-
ceeding Congress, perhaps in the three following ;
Congresses, Mr. Ingersoll was himself a member
of the House; and during that time he would not
permit his claim to be brought before Congress.
That will account for the fact that this claim was j
not acted on during that time. Afterwards, when ;
he ceased to become a member, he presented his j
petition for per diem and mileage. It has been |
allowed in every other contested ease, I believe, '
and in this case a favorable report has been ob-
tained in each Congress from the committee. ihit
the bill has failed in its passage, in consequence
of tbe manner—as I understand from my col-
league—in which it was brought forward. In
no instance, however, has it been discussed and
defeated on its merits. I believe it is true—as
the gentleman from Georgia [Air. Cobb] says—
that in every contested election the contestant j
has received per diem and mileage. I remember i
that, in the Thirty-Second Congress, three old !
cases were brought forward and allowed. Among ;
them the claim of Mr. Taliaferro, of Virginia, |
who contested the seat of a member of this House i
some thirty years befoie, \v<is brought forward,
examined, and allowed. I believe that this < ase j
of Mr. Ingersoll is the only case that has failed; i
and I know that my colleague on the committee .
[Mr. Stephens] says that he has examined this
question very thoroughly, and is clearly of the
opinion that it is a just claim, and ought to be
paid. The Committee of Elections, on the state-
ment of facts made by him, that he had fully in-
vestigated the whole question, were unanimously
of opinion that the chum ought to be allowed.
Mr. COBB, of Georgia. The gentleman from
Ohio [Mr. Giddisgs] has stated the rule on which
the House has acted in regard to the payment of
a contestant—and, I think, he has stated it cor-
rectly—that where a candidate exhibited such a
state of facts as might induce the belief that he
had a good case, then they would pay him. I
have looked at the Journals of that time, and find ,
that on the decision of this contested case of In-
gersoll and Naylor, the vote was 117 to 85. I !
think that there is pretty fair evidence presented ,
of Mr. Ingersoll having some show of claim to his
seat, when he is sustained by a vote of eighty-five ,
members of the House. J desire to state an jther '
fact. If I have been correctly informed, during
the last Congress, or the Congress before thai, or
within the last few years, at any rate, the House
has paid, either by resolution of the House or
by a bill passed m Congress, the claim of Mr.
Taliaferro, which had been standing for thirty
years.
Mr. STANTON. It was refused by the Thirty-
Second Congress.
Mr. COBB. It was refused at that time, but it
was subsequently paid.
Mr. GIDD1NGS. I do think that the claim of
Mr. Ingersoll was stronger than that of Mr.
Botts. If Mr. Botts was paid, I am decidedly of
opinion that Mr. Ingersoll should be, for his ease
was much stronger.
Mr. COBB. 'Certainly; in the one case the
vote was unanimous, and the other was a close j
vote. :
Mr. H. MARSHALL. X suggest to the com- ,
mittee that msread of going into a discussion of
this matter, which would carry us Lite into the
evening the committee should let the bill pass
and go into the House, wheie it can be discussed
and decided. j
Mr. MLLLSON. I know that opposition to <
private claims is very ungiacious in this House, ,
and is very Seldom successful. For some cause j
or other—good nature, easiness of disposition,:
or other cause, pm ats claims are very often passed ,
when they should not be, without that examina-
tion which should be bestowed upon them. Now, |
sir, there are very many demands upon our Trcas- i
ury; and fortunately, or unfortunately, the Ireas-1
ury is very full. I do not object so much to the
expenditure of money involved in these private
appropriations; but there is one consequence of
facility with which these private claims are ex-
amined and allowed which is of very great public
importance, and that is its tendency to invite the
presentation of fraudulent demands, and its tend-
ency to corrupt the public heart. To that I do
object; and I have a right, as a citizen of the Uni-
ted States, to object to the corruption of the pub-
lic morality which results from the facility with
which demands arc allowed by the House. I do
not make these observations with any reference
to the claim now under consideration, but simply
to show the reason why, on many occasions. I
am more apt to pay attention to these private
demands than perhaps gentlemen may suppose 1
ous,ht to be.
Now, in reference to this demand or claim forpay
and mileage, on whatfoundation can itbe placed?
Is it to be voted for by the Democrats of the House
because Mr. Ingersoll was a Democrat, and for the
same reason voted against by those who are not
Democrats ? I do not know exactly how to char-
acterize them now, on account of the confusion
of parties ? Why, sir, I think 1 am as earnest
and sincere a Democrat as any gentleman here;
but I cannot vote for this claim. I think 1 have
never voted for an appropriation for the pay and
mileage of one who has claimed a seat in this
House, and failed to secure it. The gentleman
from Georgia [Mr. Cobb] asserts, that in all sim-
ilar applications the applicant has received his
pay and mileage. Why, what does he mean by
his " pay and mileage ?" For what is pay and
mileage given? Pay is the equivalent lor service
rendered, and mileage is a constituent part of that
pay. One who never Ivis been a member of this
liwuse is not entitled to compensation as a mem-
ber, either in the form of per diem pay, or m the
form of mileage. One who is a member receives,
in consequence of uio service rendered, a stipu-
lated compensation; but one who claims to be
a member, and fads to establish his claim—what
is he entitled to? Has he rendered any public
service? Has he come here at the instance of
j Congress, so as to be entitled to a demand for
; mileage? Has he been m daily attendance in the
I House, voting on public questions which arise,
: so as to be entitled to the stipulated per diem
: compensation? No, sir. He has come here, ask-
ing to be admitted as a member; and because we
may suppose, or some may suppose, that he had
tolerable reason to believe he should succeed in his
suit, is he therefore to receive the compensation
of a member of Congress '* Why, sir, 1 do not
sr e upon what principle* this compensation can be
voted to anyone. Alanyyeuis had elapsed after
the foundation of our Government before any
such claim was made, or any such allowance
ever granted.
Suppose that, after a contest of six months'
duration, Mr. Ingersoll had been voted into his
seat, would he then have been entitled to his com-
pensation duiing the time in which the contest
was in progress ? Surely not. IfyouwiU look
at the history of the Government, you will find
that, where a contestant is admitted to his seat, he
! is entitled to receive his compensation only from
the day of his admission. 1 never heard of a
contestant who was admitted to his seat on the
first day of June claiming compensation from the
first Monday m December.
Now, sir, the gentleman from Georgia [Mr.
Cobb] argues that, because eighty-five gentlemen
supposed that Air. ingersoll was entitled to a seat,
therefore he is to receive at least the same mileage
and compensation that he would have receded
if he had been seated.
Air. COBB, of Georgia. My friend from Vir-
ginia does ni" injustice. I pr-'scnted no such ar-
gument. T reft rred to the vote in Mr. Tngersoll's
case, by way of illustrating the principle hud j
down by the gentleman fiom Ohio, [Mr. Gid-|
dikos.] He state 1 that the House had adopted
the principle of paying mileage and compensation j
wherever they were satisfied that the contestant i
was acting in good fai'h—wherever lie had atteU j
under a convictionthathe was entitled to his seat; |
and I said the fact that Mr. IngersollSs claim was j
sustained by the recorded vote of eighty-five j
members of the House, was very strong evidence j
that Mr. Ingersoll acted in good faith, and pre-1
scnted a claim which he was authorized to believe i
was well founded. That was the argument I
made.
Mr. M1LLS0N. Perhaps I did not fully ap-
preciate the argument of the gentleman from
Georgia; but it seems to me that his statement
now does not materially alter the character of his
argument. The gentleman argues that Mr. Inger-
soll is entitled to his compensation and mileage,
because he acted in good faith. How does that
affect the case ? If he was not a member of Con-
gress, why should he receive the pay of a mem-'
ber of Congress ? Is it because he rendered public
service ? When and where ? He did not render
public servicc, but he vexed the ear of Congress
with an unfounded demand. I do not question
the good faith of Mr. Ingersoll; but we arc not
now considering the question of good faith. If
a man brings an action at law or in equity, and
fails to obtain a judgment in his favor, will he be
likely to recover the amount for which he sued
because the judge may be satisfied that he acted
honestly and m good faith in bringing the suit ?
Why, sir, suppose this case had been decided
against the contestant, not by a vote of 117 to 85,
but by the casting vote of the Speaker. What
then? The decision was against him; he was
neTer a member of Congress; he had rendered no
public service; and upon what principle do you
take money out of the Treasury for his compen-
sation ?
Suppose a man who had purchased a lottery
ticket, and drawn the number next to that draw-
ing the highest prize, were to claim the prize upon
the ground that he came very near drawing the
number which would have entitled him to it, ho
would be laughed at and ridiculed. So, sir, in
this case, this contestant is not entitled to receive
that compensation which we are only authorized
to ^ive to those who have rendered public service.
I have invariably voted against all bills and
, rt'«jnlution^ of this sort; and if the demand now
1 made is yielded to, the probability isthat all those
i who have contested elections here, from the foun-
, dation of the Government down to this time, or
i their representatives, will come forward and ask
! that we shall pay to them the same compensation
i which has been recently, under what I consider
! a very injudicious and impolitic rule, paid to
; others.
; I am glad to learn from the remarks of my
j friend from Georgia, [Mr. Cobb,] that in making
this opposition to this bill 1 shall probably re-
ceive the approbation of Mr. Ingeisoll himself.
I am glad to find that this claim has not been
i presented until the present day because of the
: repugnance of Mr. Ingersoll to raising such a
demand; and I only hope the House will be as
! reluctant to confoim to this improper precedent
, established by Congress. Let us not conform to
• these improper precedents, but let us recollect
! the old maxim, that a bad custom ought to be
; abolished. The sooner this custom is abolished
! the better it will be for the country,
i Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I move the
committee do now rise.
The motion was agreed to.
So the committee rose; and the Speaker having
resumed the chair, Mr. Jokes, of Tennessee,
reported that the Committee of the Whole House
had, according to order, had the Private Calendar
under consideration, and had directed him to re-
port various bills, some with and some without
amendment, with the recommendation that they
i'lr. GIDDINGS. I move that the biils be read
over by their titles, and thai the vote be taken on
them collectively.
Mr. WHEELER. I object.
DEFICIENCY BILL.
Mr. SEWARD. I rise to a privileged ques-
tion. The committee of confen nee upon the dis-
agreeing votes nf the two Houses upon the
amendments of the Senate to the deficiency bill
have hton unable to agree. I desire, therefore,
to move that that committee on the part of the
Hoube be discharged from the further consider-
ation of the subject, and that a new committee be
appointed.
The motion was agreed to.
WATER FOR WASHINGTON.
Mr. COVODE. I give notice that I will, on
some early day, ask leave to introduce a bill to
incorporate a company to furnish the city of
