958
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[April 4,
34th Conb....1st Sess.
State of Political Parties—Mr, Smith, of Tennessee.
Ho. op Reps.
known, sir, that the gentleman nominated by the
Philadelphia convention (Mr. Fillmore) was one
of the most popular men in the aouthern States,
of all men in the old Whig party, or of the Know
Nothing party, that live north of Mason and
Dixon's line, it is also well known that the only
effect, if any. whieh his nomination ean have upon
the nest presidential election, will be to carry off
enough States from the Democratic party to throw
the election of President into the House of Repre-
sentatives. I doubt whether any man of this
House, who was in that convention, will assert
it as his belief, before his constituents, that that
ticket will succeed at the next presidential elec-
tion. Whether he will or not, the fhets, the cir-
cumstances, the condition of political parties,
their strength here, and their strength as exhib-
ited at home, show that their nominee will stand
no chance of election; and can only have the
effect, if any, to prevent an election by the peo-
ple.
But, sir, as I before remarked, this battle is to
be fought upon different grounds in the North and
in the South; for in the South the Democratic
party will be attacked by the American party,
but in the North the battle will be between those
friends of the Constitution who have always acted
with the Democratic party, and the so-called Re-
publican party. Now, our friends at the North
will have to light the Abolitionists, while we at
the South will have to fight the Know Nothing
or American party. Here are two organised
parties, having power, talent, and influence, with
which the Democratic party htm to contend in the
next presidential canvass. It is important that
the country should kaow how these parties stand,
and what has heretofore been their action. In
this view, I ask, what has given the Abolition
side of the House a majority here, and enabled
them to elect a Speaker in the popular branch of
Congress? I refer to this for two purposes. The
Know Nothing or American party in my own
State, through their public press, nave assailed
me, and accused me of being responsible for the
election of the gentleman from Massachusetts to
that chair. It is therefore proper that 1 should
inquire into the means by which that party has
obtained power in the House of Representatives;
and, while I do this, 1 do not want anybody to
consider that I regret the introduction of the plu-
rality rule, under the operation of which an organ-
ization of this House was effected. I am free to
say here, I shall give these gentlemen the advant-
age of the declaration that I introduced the plu-
rality rule, without reference to whom it would
elect Speaker of the House of Representatives.
I did it to organize the House, sr to contribute my
humble means thereto. It is true I had a right
to expect that, under its operation, the gentleman
from South Carolina [Mr. Aikkn] would be elect-
ed. I had no right to calculate on the state of
things which existed on the day of the election
•f Speaker. I had no right to calculate that men
who had voted for Mr. Aiken on the day before,
aad placed their names on the record, would the
next day vote against him. These men, on the
day before, had voted for Mr. Aiken, and against
the gentleman from Massachusetts; but on that
day, after the adoption of the plurality rule, and
when they knew their votes would elect Mr.
Aiken, they voted against htm. I refer to Messrs.
Cua*, Bun, Millwaed, Whitney, Vale,
and Fullee of Pennsylvania. I had no right, I
say, to calculate on any such state of things as
subsequently transpired. I regarded all men in
this House as acting on principle. Never till then
did I know thata vote would be given here for the
purpose, simply, of tusking capital against the
Democratic party, as must have been done on the
day before the election of the gentleman from
Massachusetts [Mr. Banks] as Speaker of this
House. But, sir, in referring to this, 1 am not
making a defense of my action; and, if I were, I
•hould not defend it on that ground. I would
have offered—I would have voted for—the plu-
rality rule on that day, without reference to whom
it would elect Speaker of this House. I say that
here, and I shall say it everywhere. The party
with whom I have acted are not responsible for
my action in that regard, because most of them
advised me not to do it, and most of them voted
against it. I take it for granted that every man
here acts under a sense of public duty. I believe
they did so. I slmll not call in question their
conduct or their acts, and I have seen no disposi-
tion on their part to call in question my motives
on that occasion.
But I ask, Mr. Chairman, who are the great
majority of this House, and by whom was the
Speaker elected ? I spoke at the last Congress,
and at the last session of it, of the objects, organ-
ization, and principles of the new secrct order
which had sprung up in the country, and swept
over it like an avalanche, carrying most of the
elections in the northern States. I do not wish
to go into that discussion again. I have nothing
to take back of what I then said. 1 have not yet
found any error in the statements which 1 then
made. But, sir, 1 find in the present Houso of
Representatives that there are two hundred and
thirty-four members; and of this number, that
one hundred and twenty were elected as Know-
Nothings or Americans. I have their names
here,and will publish them; and I will thank gen-
tlemen to point out any error in the list, if any
error has been made, that I may correct it.
Several Member*. Read it.
Mr. SMITH. As there seems to be a general
desire to hear the names now read, I will give the
classification, and thank gentlemen to correct any
error which they may discover.
In the House of Representative® there are two
hundred and thirty-four members; of these one
hundred and twenty, as before stated, were elect-
ed as Know Nothings, or what are now called
Americans. The < following are the names of
those elected as Know Nothings or Americans:
Messrs. Albright, Allison, Ball, Barbour, Ben-
nett of New York, Bingham, Bishop, Bradshaw,
Brenton, Broom, Buffinton, Burlingame, Camp-
bell of Pennsylvania, Campbell of Kentucky,
Campbell of Ohio, Carlisle, Chaffee, Childs,
Clark of New York, Clark of Connecticut, Claw-
son, Colfax, Comins, Covode, Cox, Cragin,
Cullen, Cum back, Davis of Maryland, Davis of
Massachusetts, Dean, De Witt, Dick, Durfee,
Dunn, Edie, Edwards, Emrie, Ethe ridge, Eus-
tis, Flagler, Foster, Fuller of Pennsylvania, Gal-
loway, Grow, Hall of Massachusetts, Harlan,
Hams of Maryland, Harrison, Haven, Hoffman,
Holloway, Horton, Howard, Kennett, King,
Knapp, Knight, Knowlton, Knox, Kunkel, Lake,
Leiter, Lindley, Alex. K. Marshall, Humphrey
Marshall, Mace, Matteson, McCarty, Miller of
New York, Millward, Moore, Morrill, Norton,
Payne, Pearee, Pel ton, Pennington, Perry,Pettit,
Pike, Porter, Purviance, Puryear,Reade, Ready,
Ricaud, Ritchie, Rivers, Robbins, Roberts,
Robison, Sage, Sapp, Scott, Sherman, Smith of
Alabama, Sneed, Stanton, Stranahan, Swope,
Tappan, Thorington, Thurston, Todd, Trafton,
Trippe, Tyson, Underwood, Wake man, Wal-
bridge, Waldron, Walker, Watson, Welch,
Whitney, W ood, Woodruff, and Zollicoffer—130.
Mr. BROOM. I have not heard you read my
name. I ask by what authority you leave my
same off that list ?
Mr. SMITH. If not on, I will add your name
to it. But I find the gentleman's name is on the
list, and he is the last one I would leave off.
Mr. WHITNEY. Have you my name there?
Mr. SMITH. The name of the gentleman
from New York is there.
Mr. WHITNEY. I was afraid my name was
not on the list, and I wanted to have it set in.
[Laughter.]
Mr. STANTON. I hope the gentleman from
Tennessee will permit me to set myself right.
My name is on that list, I believe ?
Mr. SMITH. Yes, the name of Mr. Stanton
is here.
Mr. STANTON. Well, if the gentleman
means to include me as being elected as a Know
Nothing, he is mistaken. I received the vote
from that party in the district; but I was never
in a Know Nothing lodge in my life—never in
the world.
Mr. SMITH. The gentleman does not deny,
however, that he was elected by the Know
Nothings.
Mr. B ALL. I wish simply to correct the gen-
tleman, in passing along, so far as my district is
concerned. The Know Nothing party in my dis-
trict made no organization for any purpose ex-
cept in one county—Washington county. They
nominated the county district officers, leaving the
nominations for State officers and Congressmen
blank.
Mr. SMITH. I wish to ask the gentleman if
he is not himself a Know Nothing?
Mr. BALL. I am merely correcting the gen-
tleman now in regard to his statement. [Laugh-
ter.] I wish to say to the gentleman, if it be any
consolation to him to know, that my Democratic
competitor and myself stood on precisely the
same platform. The Democratic Know Nothings
voted for my competitor, and I suppose the Whig
Know Nothings voted for me.
Mr. SMITH. If your competitor was a Know
Nothing, he was no Democrat.
Mr. STANTON. I desire to add to what I
said, that I was nominated by an open Republi-
can convention.
Mr. SMITH. I wish to ask the gentleman
from Ohio if he did not get the votes of the Know
Nothings?
Mr. STANTON. I did, sir.
Mr. SMITH. Very well, the gentleman's
name is properly placed on the list. I cannot
give any more of my time now, unless gentlemen
wish to have their names taken off the list.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair desires to re-
mark to the gentleman from Tennessee, that so
far as regards these interruptions they shall not
be counted out of his time.
Mr. SNEED. I desire to know by what au-
thority the gentleman has left out of liis list one
of his own colleagues ?
Mr. SMITH. Do you mean the gentleman
from the Knoxville district? His name is here.
Mr. SNEED. No, sir; I mean the gentleman
from the district above Knoxville—one of the
immortal 74—Mr. Watkin*.
Mr. SMITH. He may have belonged to the
order at the time of his election, but he wai
elected by the ^nfi-Know Nothings, and in oppo-
sition to the nominee of that party, in the first
district, and is now openly doing noble service
in the ranks of the Democratic party.
Mr. SNEED. In two of the largest counties
in the district he received the Know Nothing
vote.
Mr. SMITH. Well, I will put him down as
a Democrat.
Mr. SNEED. I would like to know from my
colleague, by what authority he places on his list
the gentleman from North Carolina, who aits
behind me ?
Mr. SMITH. What gentleman is that ?
Mr. SNEED. The gentleman from North
Carolina, [MrL Puetear.1
Was ne not elected
by th«
He himself is not a Know
Mr. SMITH.
Know Nothings ?
Mr. SNEED.
Nothing.
Mr. SMITH. I know nothing about that; 1
am speaking of thoat who were elected by the
Know Nothings.
Mr. PURYEAR. If the gentleman will allow
me for a moment, I will explain. I am not a
Know Nothing; I never was a Know Nothing}
I was nominated by an old-fashioned, straight
Whig convention. If there was a Know Nothing
in that convention, 1 am not aware of it. I re-
ceived the nomination as a Whig. I was elected
as a Whig. But I inscribed upon the glorious
old banner under which I have long fought, many
of the principles professed by the Know Nothing
party, and, among others, that Americans shau
rule America; and under that banner I intend to
fight, until it shall wave triumphantly over thia
whole nation.
Mr. SMITH. Will the gentleman from North
Carolina allow me to ask him a cjuestion ? Was
he not voted for by Know Nothings?
Mr. PURYEAR. I received the votes of all
the Whig and a portion of the Democrats;
Know Nothings. Some of the Democratic mem-
bers, however, withdrew from the order, and
others refused to vote for me.
Mr. SMITH. Then I understand the gentle-
man to say that he was voted for by Know Noth-
ings, and I will soon show the result of this pre-
tended principle, that " Americans shall rule
America."
Mr. LINDLEY. I feel no squeamishness in
