1856.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
353
34th Cong 1st Sess.
State of Political Parties—Mr. Smith, of Tennessee.
Ho. op Heps.
reference to this matter; but as the gentleman
from Tennessee has referred to the circumstances
of my election, I beg to correct him. I was not
a member of the Knoijr Nothing or American
party at the time I was elected; and, so far as I
know, I was not voted for by Know Nothings.
I was elected by the Whigs and sound Demo-
crats. [Laughter.]
Mr. HOUSTON. There were no Know Noth-
ings in the country then.
Mr. SMITH. 1 will ask the gentleman whether
he was not elected before the organization of the
Know Nothing party in his State ?
Mr. LINDLEY. No, sir; a member was
elected in the St. Louis district at the same time.
I do not know that there were any Know Noth-
ings in my district at the time.
Mr. SMITH. I ask the gentleman from Mis-
souri whether he is not a Know Nothing ?
Mr. LINDLEY. I will answer thegentleman.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman from Mis-
souri will suspend. The Chair decides that the
question of the gentleman from Tennessee is
personal, and therefore out of order. [Great
laughter.]
Mr. SMITH. I made out thislistfrom the best
authority I had before me. I did not suppose that
any member could have the necessary informa-
tion in his possession sufficient to enable him to
classify correctly ewrg member of the House; and
I am astonished at being able in the short time I
had to classify them, to prepare the list so cor-
rectly as I have done, and to find so few em-
braced in the list I have made out to deny that
they were elected by the Know Nothing or Amer-
ican party. And here let me say, once for all,
that I have become so much in the habit of speak-
mgof the American as the Know Nothing party,
that I use the term because it is the most natural,
and not intending to employ it in any discourte-
ous sense. I say, ii:all sincerity, that I consider
it, and so use it, as a mere distinguishing term,
fsr the party.
I take it for granted, then, Mr. Chairman, that
I have a right to regard one hundred and twenty
members in this House as elected by the Know
Nothing party. And how, 1 ask you, were they
able to break down and override the Democratic
party in the northern States? It w-aa by the effi-
ciency, power, and influence of a secret association.
"VVe all know that in private matters, efficiency
depends, in a great degree, upon secrecy. It was
by the secret operation of this order that they were
able to put d«wn the Democratic party in the
northern States, and to return here this over-
whelming majority of those who call themselves
Republicans. At the time when these elections
were held, there was no published platform of
this new party. It was secret in its organization,
secret in its acts, and secret in its operations; and
its secrecy did fatal execution against those men
who have stood by the Constitution and its guar-
antees in reference to the institutions of the
southern States.
Mr. WHITNEY. I understand that the gen-
tleman from Tennessee has been so kind as to give
the names of those whom he considers the Know
Nothing members of this House.
Mr. SMITH. Yes, sir.
Mr. WHITNEY. And I find that the gen-
tleman has classified them as Black Republicans,
or Republicans.
Mr. SMITH. Yes, sir, I have.
Mr. WHITNEY. I should like to ask the
gentleman by what rule he has made that classi-
fication ?
Mr. SMITH. Well, sir, that is a very easy
question to answer.
Mr. WHITNEY. I should like to hear the
reason for the classification.
Mr. SMITH. A portion of those who were
formerly Know Nothings are now classified as
Republicans, or Abolitionists. The distinction
between the two may be easily made by the divis-
ion into which the parties were thrown at the
commencement of this session of Congress.
Mr. WHITNEY. In the election of Speaker ?
Mr. SMITH. Yes, sir. I have classified the
fentleman from New York as a Know Nothing,
have not alluded to him as a Republican or Ab-
olitionist.
New Series—No. 23
Mr. WHITNEY. Now, one question further.
An issue has since arisen in this House, which
has called forth the American sentiment of the
House. How many favored the Democratic
party against the American party on that sub-
ject ?
Mr. SMITH. On what subject?
Mr. WHITNEY. I allude to the suffrage bill
for the District of Columbia.
Mr. SMITH. I am not speaking on the Dis-
trict of Columbia suffrage bill; but, if the vote on
that bill is to be regarded as a test of the condi-
tion of parties here, it shows two facts:
1st. That the Know Nothings have a majority
in this House; and
2d. That a majority of that party are Aboli-
tionists.
Mr. WHITNEY. None voted with the Dem-
ocratic party. The American party stood united
against it.
Mr. SMITH. I cannot yield the floor for the
gentleman to discuss that question. I was going
on to say that the American party had succeeded
through its secrecy, without a published plat-
form, and without published principles, except
the general idea that they were going to put down
the Catholics, and put down the foreigners. By
this means they have been enabled to override
the Democratic party in the northern States, and
to come here with an overwhelming force, and
control the popular branch of the American Con-
gress.
Mr. MURRAY. The Know Nothings in my
district voted against me and for my opponent, a
hard-shell Democrat.
Mr. SMITH. The gentleman's name is not
upon my list. I read it by mistake. I hope that
I may be permitted to proceed.
The efficiency of the Know Nothing party,
Mr. Chairman, was because of the secrecy in
which all its movements were shrouded. They
came here with an overwhelming majority, but,
since their coming, division has taken place in
their ranks.
I come now to another point. I have been
charged, by the organs of the American party in
my State, with the election of the gentleman
from Massachusetts [Mr. Banks] to the position
of Speaker of this body, because I submitted the
plurality resolution which was adopted by the
House. Now, who, I ask, were those who elect-
ed that gentleman ? I have before me the names
of seventy-five members, elected as Know Nothings,
who voted for the gentleman from Massachusetts
for Speaker. On the final ballot it will thus be
seen that, of those elected to this House by
the Know Nothings, or Americans, seventy-five
voted for the gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr.
Banks] for Speaker; and that gentleman may ex-
amine the classification I have made, and correct
any error that may be in it; I give the names as
follows:
Know Nothings, or Americans, voting for
Banks on the final ballot:
Messrs. Albright, Allison, Ball, Barbour, Ben-
nett of New York, Bingham, Bishop, Bradshaw,
Buffinton, Burlingame, Campbell of Pennsylva-
nia, Campbell of Ohio, Chaffee, Clark of Con-
necticut, Clawson, Colfax, Comins, Covode, Cra-
gin, Cumback, Damrell, Davis ofMassachusetts,
Dean, De Witt, Dick, Dodd, Durfee,Edie, Flag-
ler, Galloway, Grow, Hall, Harlan, Holloway,
Howard, King, Knapp, Knight, Knowlton,
Knox, Kunkel, Leiter, Mace, Matteson, Mc-
Carty, Miller of New York, Morrill, Norton,
Pearce, Pelton, Pennington, Perry, Pike, Purvi-
ance, Ritchie, Robbins, Roberts, Robison, Sage,
Sapp, Sherman, Stanton, Stanahan, Tappan,
Thorington, Thurston, Todd, Trafton, Tyson,
Walbridge, Waldron, Watson, Welch, Wood,
and Woodruff.
To the first list must be added the name of Mr.
Speaker Banks, who, it is well known, was the
champion of the Order in this House during the
Thirty-Third Congress. The Speaker of this
House, at his election, received the votes of sev-
enty-five members who were elected by the Know
Nothings, and twenty-eight who were elected by
the Abolitionists, or Republicans, and did not
receive the vote of a single member of the Dem-
ocratic party. And yet an attempt is made to
hold the Democratic party responsible for that
election, because I, an humble member of that
party, offered the resolution to elect by a plurality
of votes. The election of the members from
the northern States, who now occupy the seats
at one time filled by members of tne old Whig
party, were triumphs of the Know Nothing or
American party. In Tennessee, Georgia, Ala-
bama, North Carolina, Mississippi, and other
southern States, the victory of Know Nothing-
ism was hailed as the defeat of the Democratic
party, and rejoiced over as such, by the press of
that party, in the States before-named. And
now, what have they got in the way of " Amer-
icans ruling America?" I raised my voice against
it at first. It was weak, it is true, and had little
influence; I wish it had more. It is found now
that by " Americans ruling America," there is a
large majority of members in this, the popular
branch of Congress, who are opposed utterly to
one of the most vital interests of a great section
of the Union, and it has brought into this House
a majority of political Abolitionists. Finding
that the gentlemen, elected by the Order, were of
a political stripe not to suit southern constituen-
cies, a convention was called to establish a na-
tional platform. The convention net at Philadel-
phia in June, 1855. The northern elections had
been held without any platform. They carried
nearly all of them, and beat down the Democratic
party. They cut off all those who had nobly
sustained the Constitution when it was assailed.
When the convention met, elections were soon
to take place in Kentucky, Tennessee, North
Carolina, Mississippi, Georgia, Alabama, Louis-
iana, and Texas. A platform was made and sent
forth as the shibboleth of the party's faith. They
declared that, while they " pretermitted any ex-
pression of opinion of the power of Congress to
establish or prohibit slavery in the Territories,
yet such action by Congress would be unjust,
, and ought not to be exercised." I was connected
1 with the canvass in Tennessee as much as any
man in one district could be, and at the time took
no objections to this declaration, although I saw
defects in it. I regarded it, to some extent, as
patriotic. This platform was published in June,
and was brought forward in every State in the
South, and held up as a model of perfection in
reference to the slavery question. Under its oper-
ation, however, but three southern States were
carried, and another council was called to meet ill
Philadelphia on the 18th of February, 1856.
In this council (and there, it seems, the plat-
forms are made) a gentleman got up (Mr. Sheets,
of Indiana,) and said, that by the twelfth section
of the June platform but three States had been
carried, and it must be got rid of. " Get rid of it,
(the twelfth section) said he, "and we will give
you the whole North." That no mistake may
be made, I give the gentleman's remarks, as
officially reported:
" Mr. Sheets, of Indiana, said: He would assure the
South that the twelfth section must be got rid of. He was
willing to accept a compromise, ha the section must be got
rid of; he was willing to accept the Washington platform,
[the one adopted,] for if there was anything in it, it was so
covered up with verbiage that a President would be elected
before the people would find out what it was all about.
[Tremendous laughter.]
Well, a gentleman from the city of Washing-
ton introduced a platform, which I believe has
been termed the "verbiage platform." It was
so denominated by my distinguished colleague
: from the Nashville district—at any rate, he said,
! that there was a good deal of verbiage about it.
I Mr. ZOLLICOFFER. I do not wish to con-
sume the time of my colleague, but I will state to
! him that he has been misinformed as to my using
; that expression in regard to the platform of which
he speaks.
Mr. SMITH. I am glad to be corrected. I
saw it in the report of the proceedings of the
convention.
Mr. ZOLLICOFFER. I shall take an oppor-
tunity of stating what my position is—merely
remarking, at present, that I did say the twelfth
section of the old platform had too much verbi-
age in it, or something to that effect.
Mr.SMITH. Iwould notplace mycolleaguein
a wrong position if I could. But I must hasten on.
The council abolished the platform of June, and
