1850.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1963
merce to increase the appropriation from 0140,000
to #200,000.
Mr. SEWARD. I proposed, as a member of
that committee, to withdraw that amendment, but
it was not allowed.
The amendment was rejected.
The bill was reported "to the Senate without
amendment.
Mr. CLAY. I wishtoinquire,forthepurpose
of satisfying my curiosity, how this amendment
could have been recommended by the Committee
on Commerce? I am one of the four members of
that committee now present. I did not vote for it;
and it must have gotten the vote of every one of
those three Senators to be recommended, as there
are six members of the committee; but they dis-
claim recommending it. I should like to under-
stand how it is. The three members of the com-
mittee who are present, that are understood to
vote for these appropriations—each one disclaims
that he recommended it; and yet it comes hereby
the recommendation of the committee, reported
by one of the three.
Mr. SEWARD. I do not know that it would
be proper to go into explanations at this late hour
of the day. I have not disclaimed occurring in
this recommendation. I do not nowTecollect it.
This bill was reported by the honorable Senator
from Louisiana, [Mr. Benjamin,] who is absent.
I entertain no doubt that a majority of the com-
mittee agreed with it, and I did. At the same
time, I said the committee agreed on the behalf
of the harbors of Wisconsin to recommend ac-
cording to the subsequent estimates, but the
Senate having shown a disposition not to agree
with the committee in those recommendations,
they were at my instance withdrawn; and there-
fore, yesterday, in a similar case, I concurred in
withdrawing an amendment as to Chicago; and
so in this case I concur in withdrawing this
amendment, taking: lA full share of responsibil-
ity for it.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, and was read the third time.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I call for the yeas and
nays on the passage of the bill.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. STUAPi-T. Much as I am indisposed to
say a word on these bills which will delay their
passage, my self-respect prevents me from allow-
ing the remarks made by the Senator from Geor-
gia [Mr. Iverson] to go unanswered. Now, in
the first place, if that Senator can assign any rea-
son for saying to me that I have announced my
determination to vote against this bill, 1 should
like to hear it. In the next place, if I had, is
there anything which I have ever said or done
that authorizes him to intimate that I would do
it because the improvement is in a State where
wool grows on the heads of men, to use his own
language? If so, I should like to know what it
is. In the last remarks which the Senator made
before sitting down, he expressed the hope that,
after having voted for appropriations of this sort
within the State of Michigan, the Senate would
not now oppose this because it lay in North
Carolina. Any such intimation as that in respect
to me, and, so far as I know, in respect to any
gentleman who supports these measures, is as
inappropriate as it is ill-timed and without foun-
dation.
When gentlemen live in glass houses they
should not throw stones. The gentlemen who
have been opposing these measures have reminded
me very strongly of Nick Bottom, the weaver,
who desired to play the part of the lion. When
the appropriations were for any of the northern
lakes they would roar so as to do the heart of the
sternest opponents of these measures good; and
they did not wait to repeat it to have to call on
the duke to ask them to roar again; but when we
come down to an appropriation in the southern
States, they " will roar you as gently as any
sucking dove; they will roar you an 'twere any
nightingale;" they do not even call for the yeas
and nays; and yet they rise here, and charge upon
Senators a disposition to discriminate against the
southern States. When has it been done?
A word now to the Senator from. North Caro-
lina [Mr. Biggs] on his doctrine of the correct-
ness of the President. He say* that the Pres-
ident, in virtue of his official position, states these
things to Congress. Is it pretended that his offi-
cial opinion carries with it any more authority
than the official opinion of a Senator? Nobody
pretends that; but I ask the Senator to show me
a report made by the officers of the War Depart-
ment of this Government justifying any such
conclusion. There is none shown. I read from
the report, full, able, explicit, upon all these sub-
j ects, to show the contrary; and I will read a
little further to the Senate. They propose, in
these works, to make just such jetties as were
made at the fort; and what do they say as to the
effect of those made at the fort ?
"We are decidedly of opinion that these jetties have had
no injurious effect upon the bulkhead bar of the western
channel, which is about five eighths of a mile from the
longest jetty."
There is the opinion of this board of engineers
on the very point. They say they are of opinion
that it has had no injurious effect; but what do
they say is the cause ?
"A wharf, supported by piles, about one hundred yards
inside of that jetty, may be made to play the part of the
jetty by sinking and loading grillage? between the piies.
One or more jetties will be required for the protection of
the outer shore ; but as this shore is abraded mainly, as we
conceive, by waves acting obliquely towards the inlet, and
deriving their direction from the tide of flood, and is sep-
arated bv an extensive shoal from deep water, it is hoped
that onejetty placed near the point will be sufficient for
its protection."
They give the cause which does fill it up. They
say, in so many words, that the jetties at the fort
have had no injurious effect whatever; and yet
we are told here that, because the President
approved a former bill assigning these reasons,
the Senate is bound to sit blindfolded, and adopt
them too. I ask the Senators to show me an
official report made by the engineers who exam-
ined the ground, that justifies any such action?
They cannot show one.
Now, I ask this pertinentinquiry, who is likely
to be best advised about the action of that fort,
the board of engineers who have made a survey
of the ground, or the President who has not been
within one hundred miles of it? I take the offi-
cial reports as were made when the attention of the
officers was directed to the precise point. I have
never avowed my intention to vote against this
bill, but I have avowed my intention to go against
these special pretexts, as not only without any
foundation, but as in direct, contradiction to the
reports of the engineers upon the subject. They
propose not to do anything to that fort—not to
do anything to affect the action of the jetties
there at all—but to close up all the channels ex-
ceptone, and then to throw out jetties at one side
of it, to act against the fort, so that, by the rush
of water through, they will keep the channel
clear, and prevent this filling up which is caused
by the action of the tide. That is the plain idea;
yet we are told this is a distinguishable case from
all others!
Mr. President, I regret exceedingly to be ob-
liged to call the attention of the Senate to these
facts, but it cannot have escaped the eyes of every
Senator, that these gentlemen, when they were
constantly reiterating their charges against us,
in the examination of our bills for the harbors on
the northern lakes, sought to disparage our con-
dition in the Democratic party. No man can
deny that. We were charged, over and over
again, with combining with what they called Black
Republicans to override the veto of the President,
who, it was claimed, represented the Democratic
party, and was its very personification. It was
said we had no higher motive than what the Her-
ald calls the cohesive power of public plunder.
That was reiterated upon us, on bill after bill
here; and now, when we come down to the south-
ern country, and pass their bills, how are we met?
Where is the bill for a southern State which has
been rejected? They are passed. Yetthesegen-
tlemen turn round and say, " It is hoped our
patriotism will not stop at the line of the States
where wool grows upon the heads of some of the
men." I confess to you, sir, that I do not like
this, and there is no foundation for it. There is
none in the action of the friends of these meas-
ures. Now, here are the facts.
Mr. BIGGS. I do not want to trouble the
Senate again; but before the Senator concludes, I
wish to have a distinct understanding in regard to
hispositioru I understand him to say that, though
the PreskkWtof the United States has stated that
this obstruction is the result of the action of the
Government, it is not true; and his argument to
prove that, is his construction of the report, which
he says, so far from proving it to be true, proves,
the contrary.
Mr. STUART. Yes, sir; that is it.
Mr. BIGGS. I merely wanted to understand,
the gentleman.
Mr. STUART. The Senator cannot mistake,
me on another point. I do not mean to impugns
the motives of the President. I say he is mis-
taken in his conclusions, and they are not war-"
ranted by the facts.
Mr. BIGGS. He is mistaken in the facts, yoa
say ?
Mr. STUART. Yes; mistaken in the facts
of the case. Thus muGh 1 have deemed it neces-
sary for me to say in vindication of myself,
in vindication of the committee with whom I am
acting, and in vindication especially of those
members of the Democratic party who reside in
the northern States, and who have been very un-*
justly assailed here, as I think, from time to time.
Mr. IVERSON. The Senator from Michigab
has made some remarks, founded on what he
supposed to have been an insinuation by myself
as to his motives. I do not propose to defend
myself against that insinuation. If the insinua-
tion had been intended, he could not have better
vindicated its propriety than by the speech which
he has just made, showing that he had been gov-
erned m this whole matter by sectional consider-
ations. I do not charge tliat upon him; but I
say the remarks he has just made would have
satisfied any man that he was governed by sec-
tional motives.
Mr. STUART. I leave that to be determined
by the Senate and the country.
Mr. REID. In reply to what the Senatorfrom
Michigan has said in relation to the new inlet, I
will remark that nobody has ever pretended that
the jetties constructed by the Government were
the cause of that inlet, because the inlet existed
prior to the" construction of those jetties; but
what we contend for (and it is a fact which is
true) is, that the jetties have increased the depth
of the new inlet, and, therefore, that it is the
duty of the Government to repair the injury
which has been done.
But, laying aside all this, at any other point,
I apprehend the Senator from Michigan would
be satisfied to put this appropriation on the com-
mercial view of the Constitution, without going
into the war power. We present a bill which,
according to the rule he lays down for the determ-
ination of his public conduct as a Senator, is con-
stitutional in a commercial point of view to him,
though not to me. In addition to that I have
shown here to-day, by the letter which I read
from Captain Benham, who has been engaged in
these works for some ten or twelve years, that
the jetties did increase the depth of the inlet. We'
have read to you the message of the President on
the subject, and my recollection is, that in some
of the reports of the Coast Survey, Professor
Bache has distinclly stated so. I am not able to
lay my hands on them now.
Mr. STUART. This is the report of Pro-
fessor Bache from which I read.
Mr. REID. I am not speaking of the report
to which the Senator refers, for I have that be-
fore me; but in the regular reports of the Coast
Survey I think the fact will be found to be stated
as 1 have given it. To-day is the first time when
I have heard it questioned that the effect of the
construction of these jetties was not to deepen
the new inlet. There is the further reason, that
the deepening of this new inlet renders Fort Cas-
well, as a place of defense, entirely useless, and
therefore it is the duty of the Government either
to build a new fort for the protection of the coun-
try, or to fill up the new inlet as it formerly was,
when Fort Caswell was of some benefit to the
country in the way of defense.
Now, Mr. President, I do hope that this bill
will pass. I am extremely glad to learn that the
Senator from Michigan intends to vote for it; be-
cause I can assure him I much prefer his speak-
ing against my bill and voting for it, to his voting
against it and speaking for it.
Mr. WELLER. I hope the Senate is ready
to take a vote on this question. If there be any
who has not made up his mind on this subject
I will go into the discussion of it, and I shall have
nothing to do but to repeat the speeches made by
other Senators. We are now long after the usual
dining houf, and shall find ourselves very soon
