1856.
' THE> CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
not to do this. I doubt not it is the entering
wedge for a system under which men will clamor
around this Capitol for the distribution of corn
and oil.
Mr. HAMLIN. Mfc. President, I concur cor-
dially with what has reUen from the honorable
Senator from Georgia; but, in addition to what
that Senator has said, inasmuch as I am com-
pelled to vote as he indicates he will vote, against
this resolution, I desire to state an additional rea-
son which, with me, is imperative. I do not
propose to argue the question; I propose to go
into no discussion; I simply propose to state the
reason, without any argument, which will abso-
lutely control my vote. I believe we have no
right to use the Treasury of this Government for
the purpo.se of Jjestowingalms upon the unfortu-
nate poor of this District:and, with that belief, I
cannot vote for the resolution, however prpmpted
I may be to do so by the feelings of my own
heart.
Mr. CLAYTON. I think that, when the reso-
lution was introduced this morning, many gen-
tlemen now in attendance will remember a letter
which I read. 1 yesterday stated that the suffer-
ing in this city was such that I had been well
assured that many persons had died from want.
This morning, on presenting the resolution, a
letter from a distinguished physician of this place,
addressed to me, was read; and, as it was not
heard by all the members of the Senate now pre-
sent, I beg leave to read it over again.
[It was' read as given above.]
This concurs with all the information I have
had on the subject. I have nothing more to say.
If the appeal thus made to the humanity of the
Senate is insufficient; if tfiey should judge that
no measure of relief is due to those persons who
are starving and dying within a few hundred yards
of the Senate Chamber, I must submit. I have
done all I can.
The joint resolution was reported to the Senate
as amended, and the amendment was concurred
in; and the question was stated to be on ordering
the joint resolution to bo engrossed and read the
third time.
Mr. CLAY called for the yeas and nays; and
they were ordered.
Mr. PEARCE. Mr. President, before the ques-
tion is taken, I beg leave to say a few words. I
intend to vote for this resolution, though 1 am
not much given to legislative gratuities. It is very
true, as the Senator from Georgia [Mr. Toombs]
has said, that the people of this city derive their
chief means of support from the public treasury,
from which so many of them are paid for services
in the public employment. Directly or indirectly,
the most of them are so supported, for the city
has but little trade beyond that of the merchants
and mechanics who supply the wants of the rest of
the community. In all that there is no reproach.
It is the natural result of founding a city merely
for the seat of Government. There is some accu-
mulated property here, it is true; but that is pretty
heavily taxed for other purposes.
The General Government is a very large pro-
prietor, but pays no taxes, and of course the
burden of the city's support falls more heavily
upon those private citizens who do own property.
I am afraid that the charity of individuals is not
adequate to the relief of the many sufferers in
this season of extraordinary rigor; and I regret
to hear that the city government has declined to
make an appropriation similar to that now pro-
posed.
There is, I believe, an unusual amount of des-
titution and a very great degree of suff ering among
the poor in the city at present. I think, too, that
there are more of the very poor in the city at this
season than are usually found in other cities of
equal population.
The resolution proposes to contribute a small
gratuity for the relief of this destitution. I shall
not inquire into our constitutional authority to do
this, because the instances of gratuities by one or
both Houses of Congress are so numerous, and
have been so generally sustained, that it seems to
be quite unnecessary.
We cannot fail to remember many cases tne
merit of which was not comparable to that in the
present instance. In some cases, probably, the
Senate upon sober reflection would say there had
been no merit at all. .
I think there was no difficulty in paying a bul
of about $4,000 for brandy, wine,segars,&c., for
Kossuth and the Hungajdan^ail he brought with
him.
Congress on an earlier occasion did not hesitate
to vote a large sum of money—$50,000 I -think—"
for the relief of the sufferers "by the earthquake at
Caraccas.^ This was in Mr. Madison's time,
andhad hissanction, I believe. At every session
we vote gratuities of one kind or another to some
one who has not the shadow of a legal claim upon
us. If one of our messengers dies, it is not unu-
sual to pay his funeral expenses, and vote to his
widow a portion of his salary not earned. We
pay to gentlemen claiming seats in Congress, but
without valid title, and sometimes without any
title that can be perceived, gratuities in the shape
of pay and mileage. The policy which prompts
this does not make the pay less a gratuity. This
is only a call of charity, but I shall vote for it;
and if it shall not pass, the Senate, 1 hope, will
bear it m mmd hereafter when the many pro-
jects which will surely be brought before us for
giving away tile public money without pretense
of legal claim, or proof of constitutional right,
shall "be acted upon. I hope we shall then con-
sider how we treated the claims upon our charity
of the destitute and suffering poor.
Mr. BUTLER. Mr. President, I wish this
subject had been brought up in almost any other
way than that by which it makes its appearance
here. 1 know my honorable friend from Dela-
ware has as much intelligence and as much inform-
ation upon this subject as any other member
of the Senate; but the last way to get at a meas-
ure of this kind is upon the motion of one of the
members of this body, relying upon general state-
ments, as must necessarily come in to fortify
such a resolution after he proposes it.
Now, sir, if this subject had been brought be-
fore us by a petition, memorial, resolution, or
some public expression of opinion from the city
of Washington, I should have been perfectly
willing to respond to it. How do I know that
$1,500 is adequate for the objects contemplated
by the resolution? 1 am called on to vote $1,500
without estimate, without knowledge, upon the
simple arbitiary insertion of that amount ill the
resolution offered by the honorable Senator from
Delaware.
I do not know that I have any constitutional
scruples upon this subject. If I had, I think they
might have been washed out long ago by the
appropriations by the Senate and the House of
Representatives to furnish water for the city of
Washington. I do not know that I shall refuse
to vote for the resolution; but I must say, that
we are called on to vote, upon it without intelli-
gence,and without the common information upon
which any man would administer his private
charity. Fifteen hundred dollars to be distrib-
uted ! I will answer for it that there will be many
disputes about the <fl,5U0, as to who shall have
wood and who shall not have wood; and at last
it will be frittered away without doing any good,
except the offering of sentimental philanthropy
on the part of the Sepate. Ifitisto be adminis-
tered, let it be administered by a trustee—by the
corporation of Washington. ] agree, thoroughly,
with my friend from Georgia as regards one re-
mark, that if you undertake to make this a dis-
pensing office of corn and oil, wood and water, I
hardly know of anything which will be beneath
it, except Espy's power of commanding the
clouds to rain m one place, and leave dry weather
in another place. I object to the whole thing. It
is a wrong precedent in itself. I do not say I am
not competent to do it; but! put the competency
' on this ground, that we are m the habit of show-
: ering out upon the rich all that they ask, and the
j money of this Government is absolutely given to
! make the rich richer and the poor poorer. I
; have no difficulty on tTmt subject, because I hold
j that the treasury of the country had _ belter be
exhausted as soon as possible, and 1 think it is as
well to exhaust it ill this way as in any other;
but I do not like to vote to exhaust it_ without
some estimate and some aid to intelligent in-
formation on the subject.
Mr. TOOMBS. I have a few words to say in
reply to what was stated by my friend from Mary-
land, [Mr. Pearce.] I think he is whoHy mis-
taken in reference to the position of this Govern-
ment towards the District of Columbia. The
appropriations which have beer, made for it are
very large, and if ttffe-taxation of its people is large
it must be squandered. This Go vernment lights'
its avenue."?, and furnishes a guard to protect the,
city. The uses for taxation are certainly less'ih;
this city than in any other city'in the United
States with which I am acquainted. The Gov- .
eminent does more for it. Other cities light their,
own streets; make their own avenue's; improve.
and pave their own streets; but here nearly every-
thing of that sort is done by the Government-
The charge of supporting the poor is a legitimate
and just charge on the capital of the city. They'
use this labor to build their houses, and rent those
houses to me and to others; and now the support
of those who furnish that labor is a legitimate tax
on the capital which employs them. It is a prin-
ciple which has been established for centuries in
the administration of aid to the poor. It has been
adopted throughout all the United States. It is
an unjust principle, that you should take out of
the common fund to provide for the poor of Wash-
ington, when the public, in every other political
subdivision of the United States, support their
own poor. Therefore, I say it is wrong in prin-
ciple, and cannot get my support.
Mr. ADAMS. I have no recollection, on ques-
tions of this sort, of differing with my friend
from Georgia, except on the present occasion.
Yesterday I agreed with him most fully in his
views on this subject; to-day I differ from him.
I was opposed to the resolution of yesterday for
the reason which I then stated, that it proposed
to pay for this fuel out of the contingent fund,
which was intended for other purposes. I agree
with the Senator from South Carolina, that if
Congresshas power to furmsh water for the rich,
Congress has power to furnish a little wood to
the poor when they are freezing. This resolution
is unexceptionable on that ground, k requires
the sanction of the President of the United States.
For that reason I shall vote for it. I voted against
appropriations heretofore made for the District
of Columbia, making their avenues, furnishing
them with light, giving them $500,000 for water,
the effect of introducing which will be to im-
prove the value of the property of the rich. I
cannot, however, refuse this relief under present
circumstances. Although this may not be the
precise amount that is necessary, it is certainly
not more than is required by the circumstances
surrounding us at this time. I shall therefore
vote for this resolution.
Mr. CLAYTON. The honorable Senator
fi orn Georgia is not able to perceive, he says, any
reason why charity should be administered by the
Congress of the United States, acting within its
legitimate powers as a Legislature for the District
of Columbia, to the City of Washington, more
than to any other city; and he cannot see why,
after all the donations that are made in the shape
of light and water, we should go on and now give
to tiie poor. Mr. President, let the honorable
gentleman reflect but a moment upon the cause
which brings these laboring poor within this
District and this city. Almost all these sufferers
are persons who have been invited here by the
Government for the purpose of constructing great
works no win progress under the authority of the
Government—additional buildings to the Capitol,
other public buildings, and the water-works of
this city. You have invited and brought them
here, hundreds upon hundreds of them, and after
bringing them heie upon the people of this city,
to do your work, you turn round and tell the
citizens of Washington that they alone are the
men who ought to dispense chanty to these people
whom you have brought upon them. Is that just?
Is it fair ? 1 say that the people of the city of
"Washington ought not, in justice, to bear the
burden of all those paupers who have been
brought here, I repen* again, for your purposes,
and at your mviLa.ion. But I do not want to
consume the time. I am anxious for a vote. I
will say no more.
Mr. CLAY. I shall vote against this resolu-
tion; but I wish to say a word or two in reply to
what has just fallen from the Senator from Del-
aware, [Mr. Clayton,] and the Senator from
Mississippi, [Mr. Adams.] The Senator from
Delaware says that we invited these people here,
and, from the tenor of his remarks, I imply that
he regards it as on act of treachery on the part of
Congress now not to provide for them. Invited
them here, sir! What was the purpose of their
