1964
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
August 6,
without a quorum. I hope we may take a vote
on the bill at once. If any Senator wants any
additional information I will give it to him after
the vote is taken.
The question being taken by yeas and nays on
the passage of the bill, resulted—yeas 24, nays 9;
as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Allen, Bell of Tennessee, Biggs, Bright,
Dodge, Durkee, Fessenden, Fish, Foster, Geyer, Harlan,
James, Jones of Iowa,Pearce, Pratt, Pugh, Reid, Sebastian,
Seward, Stuart, Wade, VVeller, Wilson, and Wright—-24.
NAYS—Messrs. Brotlhead, Brown, Butler, Clay, Fitz-
patrick, Hunter, Ivcrson, Mallory, and Yulee—9.
So the bill was passed.
HARBOR OF GEORGETOWN.
The Senate proceeded, as in Committee of the
Whole, to consider the bill (S. No. 291) to provide
for continuing' the improvement of the harbor of
Georgetown, District of Columbia.
It proposes to appropriate $5,000 for the im-
provement of the harbor of Georgetown, to be
expended under the direction of the corporate
authorities of the city; but no part of this sum
is to be drawn from the Treasury until the cor-
porate authorities shall, with the funds of the
city, have made such progress in the improve-
ment that it can be completed for the sum appro-
priated.
Mr. WELLER. I desire to ascertain from
what quarter that bill comes. Does it come
from my friend from Mississippi? If so, it is all
right.
Mr. BROWN. It comes from the Committee
on the District of Columbia, who have instructed
me to report it—one of the safest and soundest
committees of the Senate. They have never
done anything wrong, and I hope they never
will.
Mr. WELLER. Wiil the Senator from Mis-
sissippi deline what soundness is ? Will he vote
for it himself? If he will, it will be all right.
Mr. BROWN. I see a very manifest differ-
ence in the power of this Government inside the
District of Columbia and outside of it.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, and was read the third time.
Mr. CLAY. I would move to strike out the
word " harbor," and insert " landing," deeming
that the appropriate word; but I tried it once,
and it did not pans. There is no harbor there.
Mr. IVERSON. I call for the yeas and nays
on the passage of the bill.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
The bill was passed.
HELL GATE.
The Senate next proceeded, as in Committee
of the Whole, to consider the bill (S. No. 323)
making appiopriation for the improvement of the
channel at Hell Gate, East river, in the State of
New York, which appropriates $H5,000.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, read the third time, and passed.
15AYOU LA FOURCIIE.
The bill (S. No. 403) to remove obstructions
in the Bayou la t'ourcho, Louisiana, was read a
second time, and considered as in Committee
of the Whole. It appropriates $31,500 for the
removal of snags, sunken logs,and other obstruc-
tions caused by the operations ordered by Gen-
eral Andrew Jackson to prevent the entrance into
the Bayou la b'ourche of British vessels jind troops
in lbl4 and 1815.
The bill was reported to the Senate, ordered to J
be engrossed for a third reading, read the third
time, and passed.
ST. JOHN'S AND ST. MARY'S RIVERS.
The next measure upon the Calendar was the
joint resolution (S. R. No. 33) providing for the
survey of the inland passage between the rivers
St. John's and St. Mary's.
Mr. SEWARD. There is a bill as a substi-
tute for the resolution. I therefore move to lay
the resolution on the table, and take up the bill. (
The motion was agreed to. i
• ^or continuing the improvement of the |
inland^ passage between the St. John's and St. 1
Mary s rivers, Florida, was read a second time,
and considered as in Committee of the Whole.
It appropriates §40,700.
Mr. HUNTER.. I think this is a new work,
and we ought to have the yeas and nays on it.
Mr. MALLORY. It is not a new work. It
has been appropriated for previously on two
occasions, and thoroughly surveyed.
Mr. HUNTER. I think the bill is for a sur-
vey. Let it be read again.
The Secretary read the bill.
Mr. SEWARD. There is a letter of the Sec-
retary of War with the papers, which will ex-
plain it all.
Mr. MALLORY. I will state briefly that, in
1838, and again in 1839, and 1840, appropriations
were voted, and surveys made of this inland pas-
sage, which extends from the river St. John's to
the river St. Mary's, in Florida, and enables the
commerce of the country to go entirely through
the inland passage without exposure to the sea.
Mr. FESSENDEN and others. What is the
nature of the work ? Is it to cut a canal ?
Mr. MALLORY. No; but to clear away the
banks, as the engineer department has shown,
in front of three distinct islands; and when the
last appropriation was expended, and the work
discontinued, they had so far improved this chan-
nel that vessels of the largest draught of com-
merce between Charleston and St. John's river
were enabled to pass nearly through it.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I wish to ask one question.
Before these improvements were commenced, was
there any navigation at all in this proposed pas-
sage ?
Mr. MALLORY. Yes, sir, for small-sized
vessels.
Mr. FESSENDEN. It has always been so
before these improvements commenced?
Mr. MALLORY. Undoubtedly; the naviga-
tion is very extensive. There are simply three
large islands which He seaward of the main land,
and form the inland passage from the river St.
Mary's, in Georgia, to the river St. John's, in
Florida. The inside is the inland passage, which,
having been inclosed, forced the commerce of
that portion of the country to go seaward. It is
a work under the charge of the topographical
corps for years, and surveys have been repeatedly
made.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, and was read the third time.
Mr. IVERSON. I do not wish to interpose
any obstacle in the way of the business of the
Senate, and therefore do not call for the yeas and
nays myself; but I wish it understood by the
Senate and the country that I am opposed to
these improvement bills, whether south or north.
I do not wish to be understood as acquiescing
in any one of them.
Mr. HUNTER called for the yeas and nays;
but they were not ordered.
The bill was passed.
HARBOR OF MOBILE.
The Senate proceeded, as in Committee of the
Whole, to consider the bill (S. No. 411) for con-
tinuing the improvement of the harbor of Mobile,
Alabama, at Dog river bar, Choctaw Pass, and
the Lower Flat, which appropriates $100,000.
Mr. BELL, of Tennessee. I have the estimates
of the sum necessary fur tins work. I think it,
next to the mouth of the Mississippi, the most
important improvement in the South.
Air. FITZPATRICK. If the Senate desires
any statement from me, 1 am ready to say that I
do not suppose an appropriation has been passed
at the present session any more meritorious than
this. Upon my constitutional principles I can-
not vote for the bill; but if the Senate is satisfied
I will not detain them. [" All right."]
Mr. CLAY. If it is the pleasure of the Sen-
ate to have me define my position on this bill, I
will do so. ["No!" "No!"] I -will forbear,
then, and promise to do it hereafter, at a more
convenient season.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, read the third time, and passed.
HUDSON RIVER.
The Senate next proceeded, as irf^3&mmittee
of the Whole, to consider the bill (S. No. 412) to
continue the improvement of the Hudson river,
which appropriates $50,000.
Mr. PUGH. Is it to be expended above
Albany?
Mr. FISH. Below Troy.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, read the third time, and passed.
HARBOR OP PROVIDENCE.
The bill (S. No. 424) for continuing the im-
frovement of the harbor of Providence, Rhode
sland, was considered by the Senate, as in Com-
mittee of the Whole. It appropriates §75,300.
It was reported to the Senate without amend-
ment, ordered to be engrossed for a third reading,
read the third time, and passed.
STEAM DREDGE ON LAKE MICHIGAN.
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole,
proceeded to consider the bill (S. No. 127) for
the construction of the steam dredge for Lake
Michigan. It appropriates $25,500 for that pur-
pose.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, read the third time, and passed.
WAGQN ROAD TO CALIFORNIA.
Mr. WELLER. I understand that the river
and harbor bills are now disposed of. I have had
no appropriations for my State, and I am asking
for none—at all events, not now; but I reported
several weeks since a bill to provide for the con-
struction of a wagon road from El Paso, on the
Rio Grande, to Fort Yuma, which is on the bound-
ary line of California. It is a bill which has the
sanction of the Committee on Military Affairs,
and I ask the Senate to take it up and pass it
now.
Mr. HUNTER. I must ask that the Army
appropriation bill be taken up.
Mr. STUART. That can be done to-morrow.
Mr. HUNTER. I doWiot wish to have it
acted upon now, but let us take it up and adjourn
on it, so that it may come up to-morrow morning.
Mr. WELLER. I intended, when I first ob-
tained the floor, to move to take up the Pacific
railroad bill, but I did not wish to excite the op-
position of my friend from Virginia, nor to pro-
voke any debate at this late hour of the day. The
bill which I have moved to take up will not, I
apprehend, lead to any discussion. The Senate
passed a bill appropriating $300,000 for the con-
struction of a road by what may be denominated
the northern route. I introduced a bill at the
same time, appropriating $200,000 for the south-
ern, or Gila route, which is very much traveled,
and in some respects has advantages over the
northern route. I think we can pass that bill
now; I move to take it up.
The motion was agreed to; and the bill (S.No.
336) for constructing a military road from El
Paso on the Rio Grande, to Fort Yuma at the
mouth of the Gila river, and for establishing mili-
tary posts thereon, was considered as in Com-
mittee of the Whole.
Mr. WELLER. I move to strike out " El
Paso" and insert "from a point opposite El
Paso in the Territory of New Mexico." El Paso
is in the State of Texas.
The amendment was agreed to. The bill was
reported to the Senate as amended, and the
amendment was concurred in. The bill was or-
dered to be engrossed for a third reading, was
read the third time, and passed; and its title was
amended by striking out " El Paso" and insert-
ing " a point opposite to El Paso."
THOMAS FITZGERALD.
Mr. STUART. I appeal to the Senate to take
up a small pension bill which is very important
to the individual. It is simply to give to the
widow of the late Colonel Fitzgerald who is
known to many Senators here, for ho was a
member of this body for some time, the pension
which was allowed to him as a soldier in the war
of 1812, for wounds received by him, in conse-
quence of which he died. I move now to take
up that bill.
The motion was agreed to; and the bill (S. No.
421) for the relief of the children of Thomas
Fitzgerald was read a second time, and considered
as in Committee of the Whole.
It is proposed that the pension of eight dollars
per month, granted to Thomas Fitzgerald for
injuries received in the war of 1812, shall be
