1856.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1091
it would result in senous loss to the mercantile !
community and the peo-ple generally. ^ j
The Senators say that Iowa should come in by I
herself. Sir, wo have heard that story too long; j
it has been rung in our ears in connection with j
our railroad propositions. When I desired, at the ,
first session that I occupied a seat on this floor, !
to amend the Illinois Central railroad bill, by at- j
tacking; a bill for tin; construction fl^iailroads in
Iowa, my esteemed friends from Illinois, not only
in the Senate, but in th'4 Houye, came to me and ;
implored me not to kill their bill. They said: ■
"Your bill willcomoon n*xt, and we will pass it;
let the Illinois Central railroad bill break the way i
for yours, and you will have no trouble." I did
not wish to interfere, because I was exceedingly |
anxious that their bill should be passed. What 1
has been the sequelr I and my then colleague ,
[Hon. A. C. Dodgf.J worked earnestly in this and '
in the other House, by visiting members at their ,
rooms all over the city, to get the Illinois Central
railroad bill through. I believed thnt if n was ,
passed equal justice would be rendered to Iowa, j
But, sir, we have yet to beg for our roads. We ,
have now a worse prospectof success than we had ;
in December, 1848, when I presented,the propo-
sition to the Senate of the United States. I do ;
not feel as much confidence in the success of the '
measure now, as I did then; and why, sir? Be- 1
causc Illinois, Missouri, Arkansas, Alabama,and
Tennessee, and the States through which the
connections of the IllinoisCentral railroad go, are I
provided for, and they are satisfied. I doubt now ;
whether I can get their cooperation. I suppose :
they will vote for my railroad bill, but it is ,
doubtful whether they will do so or not. I am
certain that some of the members from States 1
which have received grants will not support it.
Mr. President, within one mile of where this ;
building is proposed to be erected, the Govern- ;
ment of the United States has received at least !
^500,000 as a direct (and, as I believe, unconsti- !|
tutional) tax, levied upon the people for working '
the lead mines. I ha\ e myself paid thousands of 1
■dollars into the Treasury of the United States in
this tax, wrested from me, as I believe, without j
constitutional authority. I do not profess to be
a lawyer, or to discuss constitutional questions;
but be the question of constitutional authority as
it may, this tax, levied upon the people of the ■
lead region, is a tax which has never been levied !
upon any other people in the country. The j
distinguished Senator from Wisconsin [Mr.
Dodge] has himself paid large amounts under i
these levies, and I believe will bear me out in the I
•opinion that, within one mile of where thisbuild- j
ing is to be erected, the people have paid, in the 1
shape of a mining tax, ten times more into the
Treasury of the United States than the whole ;
will cost for the erection of this building.. j
I hope, sir, that the Senate will allow my !
amendment to be attached to this resolution; so |
that if the appropriations for Wisconsin and j
Michigan are to swim, that for Iowa may swim j
also. Let all go in the same boat. I trust that ,
I shall not have the mortification of seeing it lost,
as I have had the mortification of seeing the rail-
road grants for Iowa lost. The Treasurer of the
United States told me this morning, only a few
moments ago, that more money had been received
from Iowa into the Treasury of the United States
from the sale of public lands, than from any two,
or I believe three, of the northwestern States.
Why shall she be dealt with less liberally than
Wisconsin or Michigan? They have received
their large grants of land and money for internal
improvements. What has Iowa received ? Noth-
ing, sn. I hope my brother Senatois will stand
by me on this occasion, and vote my amendment
into the joint resolution.
The following letter is on this subject:
Tnjn.a.yfRY of the Unxti:d Status, May -2, 18.76.
Hir: In compliance with your veibaf request of this
morning, £ give you belmv the amounts of public money
deposiit.l with the iU'<ii(n:tTCdticpoMioty ut Dubuque dm m?
Hit- la-t tiu 00 your* and tin* fn t quartet of the present} ear,
Viinib; 3    29
   3.0Go.97I
 .  f>',09u',i)19 9:s
'  hr>t   381/jyO 57
Yen u'.-puetiull),\uur ohechem s-enant.
\VM. H RANDOLPH. c. 1 .
lion. George YY\ U.uict? Mutes Senate
I bf£ to rend tin1 letter of the Six-rotary
of the Treasury, m reply tu the resolution 01 hi*
quiry moved by me. Also, a letter received by
myself from the Postmaster General, and in con-
nection with it an extract from a letter of the post-
master at Dubuque:
Treasury Department, Mnrch 17.1856.
Sir: In reply to your letter of the 7th instant, trans-
mitting to this Department a resolution of the Senate,
" That the Committee on Commerce tie instructed to inquire
into the expediency of making an appropriation for erecting
a building at Dubuque, Iowa, for the use of the surveyor
of the port, the post-otfiee, bub-trea=urer't> office, surwjor
general'^ office, land office, and other Government officer
of the United States at that place," and a.-kmg such in-
formation in relation to the pubjeet a-= the Department may
deem proper, I have to state that Dubuque vva<? made a
pert of deiiverv August 3,18.>t; that it has a distributing
po^t office, employing five elerk-j, and the postmaster receiv-
ing the maximum compensation ; that there aie there a
register and leceiver of the land otnee. and that the office
of the suiveyor general of the district of Iowa, Wiscon-
sin and Minnesota Territory is located at that place-, and
that there are employed in his office fourteen clerks' To
accommodate all these officer would require a budding
ejglm-five feet long by sivtv wide, and sixty feet hisrh.
The matenal for the exterior walls should be stone,and the
flooi- should be eon^trueied ol' v\rought-irort beams and
brick arrhe-s, the roof of iron, thus making the structure
thoroughly fiie-proof. For such a budding there would be
lequired an appiopriation of ^cS.OOO foi the t-tiucture, and
ten per cent, thereon for the payment of all contingent ex-
penses. and an indefinite amount for the sue.
In view of the extent of the public business at Dubuque,
as above represented, this Department suggests the propn-
ety of the appropriations above named, and for the purposes
stated.
Very respectfully, vour obedient servant,
JAMES GUTHRIE, Secretary of the Treasury•
IIon. II. IIa-MLIV, Chairman of the Coiam iitec on Commerce,
United States Senate.
Post Office Department,
Appointment Office, May 1,1856.
Sir* In answer to your verbal inquny of this morning, I
have the honor to Inform you that the annual rent at prc-eiif
paid for the post office at Dubuque is.<40U; and at St. Louis,
.<2J}QQ.
I will add that, m the passage of law« for the erection
of post otiice buildings m the lar«e cmcs, it isimportunt that
provision be made, not only tor'the present, but the futute
wants and accommodation of the eitizcn*.
I am, respectfully, &c., JAMES CAMPBELL.
Hon. George W. Jones, United States Senate.
Post Otfice, DunuqrE, Iowa, Mar<.h 27, 185G.
The Secretary say5; that Dubuque '-has a distributing
post office employing Jire clerks.'-' This is an error, and,
although a small one, H may as well be correct!) stated.
The> number of clerks' now employed m thus office is nine;
nor have I had less than eight since la.-t September. That
the increasing business of the office will require three more
before next winter is very ceitam ; but it it> yet a mystery
to me how I shall dispose of them. The room now occu-
pied by this office is only nineteen feet front, by sixty feet
deep, with building on each sub', and I cannot get a room
in either of the adjoining buildings at any price ; nor can I
employ a single additional cierk 111 the present one. I have
made repeated elicits to get another bulking ; buiiems are
so veiy high that I cannot get a suitable one for less than
.$•2.000"a vear. besides cost of alterations.
This being the distributing post oiiioe for northern Iowa,
western Wisconsin, and all of Minnesota, a commodious
building will soon be indispen-able.
Verv respectfully, CHARLES CORICERY,
Postmaster.
Hon. Geokgk W. Jones, United States Senate,
Vost Oi'Picb Department, May 3, 1806.
Fir: T herewith tiansmit a statement from the books of
the Auditor of the Post Office Department, showing the
amount of postages collected at the office or Dubuque,
Iowa, for the last three years, agic^uble to your verbal re-
lave the honor to be, very re-pectfullv. your obedient
servant, ' * JA.ttlW CAMPBKLL.
II011. G. W. Jovk<, United Stat,>9 s.wfv
1st quarter. 1?.VL.
53d quaitwr, 1&>3.
3d quarter, 18.VL
<lth quaitei.
m'bl'yf'e. iowa.
Jfewspitpc) ?. Letters. DUt) Ibi'U-Oii. Total.
$->4 10 $"1 i.', 95 — 05
V29 —
"46 -i.) S'j
7-2<j 14 -1,0 ~ 7 50 4
1st quarter. 1?" L.
S>dquartn. .
3d quarter, 1S" L
4th quariei, lh."> 1.
>•11.") 98
, £4a CO
. (>c So
. ~r2 IS
2M-k 1'4
=i|"  :■!
"1^39 41
71
-IT ^B.40." f' 
1 (IM "2 -L0 S'« ">J "C.Ot I 06
i'K) 54 4', 7.IDT 79
1.211 4-1 7.') 9.r>-24 37
$01106 P4 6"H914 19
l.~t quarter. 1«5..«!06 -JS ,-^i 0-J jil 1.0-17 (w
xid q\uutci, 15.1,5'JS;)50
ainu.irtei, ib.j.1- 151 S3 J.TOT 03 1&W5.JW H 0  !
dthciuaiter. 190 53 J,974 51 1 l.it^'* > «o.3o0
Th.
g;,bl lo 5-0.G04 «<! «-!■',(IS1; 91 c-:.5 '82
rUESIDHXT. Tl.e hour appointed for
tlir sn^oial onlrrhas arnvi'd. and it ltm^t be Uuu'ii
up unloss thf Senate s'l.ill d'ne.-t othfvv.ife.
Mv JONO'/*, M'lou-i. 1 j!„> v, ill,
j by unanimous consent, allow my amendment to
I be acted upon.
| Tl.e PRESIDENT. The Chair wilt put the
| question if the unanimous consent of the Senate
be given.
Mr. CASS. I wish to say a few words or
this subject. I will not detain the Senate five
minute's.
The PRESIDENT. The special order will
i, have to be taken up unless otherwise directed,
'i The special order for half past twelve o'clock is
r the bill (S, No. 172) to authorize the people of the
[j Territoiy of Kansas to form a cbnstitutioii and.
State government, preparatory to their admission
i, into the Union, when they have the requisite pop-
\ ulation.
li Mr. STUART. I presume there will be no
e objection on the part of the Senator from Louis-
] iana, [Mr. Benjamin,] who has the floor on that
; subject, to postpone it till one o'clock.
, Mr. BENJAMIN". I have no objection.
Mr. BROWN. 1 thought the business of the
, District of Columbia was postponed until to-day,
: at one o'clock.
: , The PRESIDENT. The special order for half
i, past twelve o'clock is the bill just named by the
!l Chair. The special order for one o'clock is pri-
vate bills.
Mr. CASS. I am not s;oing to trespass on the
time of the Senate; it is too precious; and what I
have to say is too unimportant to justify me in
doing so.
Mr. President, I am a little surprised at tlie
, earnestness and warmth of my friend from Iowa.
: I know his attachment to his constituents, and
his desire to do everything which he can for the
interests of his State; but I do not think that
either the one or the other is at all involved in
this controversy, if I may call it such. I am not
i going to enter into any comparison between
!: Dubuque, and Milwaukie, and Detroit, and any
i' other western cities; nor is it necessary. I have
no doubt that there is a necessity for the buildings
recommended. I know something of Dubuque.
: Its growth is one of the most astonishing in our
j country. I passed if myself, Mr. President, when
; there was not a white man there, and when my
j friend had been driven about one hundred miles
J below, and had taken refuge with the rest of the
: inhabitants from the incursions of the Indians
i who drove them off.
| Mr. JONES, of Iowa. I never was driven off.
' Mr. CASS. I am speaking of the country.
! Mr. JONES, of Iowa. I remained where I was.
i There is the old chief who protected the country,
; [pointing to Mr. Dodge,] and I remained under
his flag.
j Mr. CASS. My friend will not suppose that
II intimated that he was driven out of the coun-
try.
! Mr. JONES, of Iowa. I remained there to
: help to fight the Indians.
j Mr. CASS. At any rate I found my friend a
! little below Dubuque—at Galena, I think.
J Mr. JONES, of Iowa. No, sir.
' Mr. CASS. Where did I find you?
' Mr. JONES, of Iowa. You found me in Grant
' county, Michigan Territory. I remained there,
, and helped my neighbors to erect a fort for our
protection.
Mr. C _VSS. On the breaking out of the Win-
nebago troubles, I found that the inhabitants iiad
• gone—necessarily as they always do under sudi
1 circumstances — for shelter to the forts con-
structed by themselves. I found my friend there
at the head of one of those establishments defend-
ing the country.
Mr. JONES, oCLw.t. Yes, sir.
Mr. I had supposed, from my recollec-
tion at the moment, that he was at Galena. Du-
buque had been settled bv some white people, but
they had fled necessarily, l'or tin ie was nr. power
' to protect tilem. I lepeat, it is one of the most
astonishing growths, even in tins astonishing
country of progress, that 1 have evu' known. It
is a large ami magnificent city—< lie of the most
promising in the whole western country. I may
say liiar it 1-. almost the head of tue growing
io\,"iss of Jte V* est; and I believe n i> entitled to
the buildings rccommt need by tin- Department; l
think they are neei b-^.ry.
1 repeat that I "uier into no comparison between
Dubnque and other plat es. The simple question
is not annus in. oa^.'-ui^of a bttl fin* tlie eon-nrae •
