1856.]
Tfffe wmtE.
m
•&_
34th Cong.... 1st Sess.
State of Political Parties—Mr. Zollicoffer.
Hb. br ftfeips.
When this statement was made by my col-
league, I believe that it was made under a State
of excitement. But I found that the idea was
afterwards elaborated; and I have only this to
say, that while I do not believe in the constitu-
tionality of the Wilmot proviso, and regard it as
wrong and unjust, yet I prefer to vote for a man
as Speaker of this House, or for any other office,
who regards the Wilmot proviso as unjust and
wrong;, but yet constitutional, than to vote for one
who,m 1849,said that he was "forfree soil, free
speech, and free labor—a Wilmot provisoist up
to the hub,"knd utterly opposed to the extension
of slavery." I refer to tne distinguished gentle-
man from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Puller,] wno was
voted for by my colleague a number of times I
was astonished at it, because the acts of the gentle-
man from Pennsylvania were upon the reconl, and
because he said upon this floor that he would, if he
had the power, restore the Missouri compromise.
It is known that in 1849 that gentleman took
open ground in favor of the Wilmot proviso; and
not only so, but was nominated upon an Aboli-
tion platform, and defeated Mr. Wright upon the
§ round that he (Mr. Wright) voted for the Ne-
raska bill. I prefer to vote for a man who,
though believing in the constitutionality of the
proviso, yet thinks it wrong and unjust, and has
always voted against it in this House, than for one
who occupies the position of the gentleman from
Pennsylvania, ana Was "a Wilmot provisoist up
to the nub, and utterly opposed to tne extension
of slavery." Now, l do not care particularly
about introducing here the sentiments of the gen-
tleman from Pennsylvania; but my conduct in
the election of Speaker of this House will be used
against me, because I was so unfortunate, as they
consider, as to introduce the plurality rule, under
which an organization was effected. I had voted
for Mr. Richardson, and I was proud to have
the opportunity of voting for such a man, and I
shall never make an apology to my_ constituents
for so doing. Talk about his believing in the
constitutionality of the Wilmot proviso! I look
at the tecord, and there is not a blot or stain
against him on this question during his long con-
fressional career; and I should have voted for
im until this time, if he had not withdrawn his
name as a candidate, notwithstanding the attempt
of my colleague to throw discredit upon hhn, par-
ticularly in reference to his course heretofore on
this important sectional question.
Now, sir, we are tending in a strange direction.
Unless the South can unite, and defend these men
in the North, who stand by the guarantees of the
Constitution, for the protection of the rights of
the States, the Union is gone. Is it not time, then,
that the South should look to it ? Is it not time
that these assaults upon the Democratic members
of this House, who reside in the northern States,
and have always stood by us, should cease? Is
it not time that the people of the whole country
should look to the condition of political parties in
reference to the preservation of this TJiiion ? Is it
not time that the position of thosfe who desire to
make war upon our friends in the horthern States
should be discussed, scrutinized, and exposed? I
have not a word to Say how.against the gentle-
men nominated by the American party at the late
Philadelphia convention. I shall not now discuss
the fact, that when the late platform was estab-
lished, a number of southern men left the council,
and when the nominations were made, the north-
ern men left the convention, so that both may
stand together.
But, I must bring my remarks'to a close; and
t will do so by offering the hope, which I fer-
vently trust may soon be realized, that, in the
struggle which is soon to come off—a struggle on
the issue of which are suspended the mighty des-
tinies of this nation—yea, sir, in my humble
opinion, the very existence of this Union—the
true-hearted, conservative, and patriotic men of
the whole country, North, South, East and West,
without reference to geographical lines, will nobly
arouse their energies and stand bravely together
around the broad banner of the Democratic party,
upon the folds of which are inscribed, in living
characters, civil and religious liberty—the Con-
stitution and the Union—the rights of the States,
and the right of the people to govern tReffiaelves
under the Constitution.
STATE OF POLITICAL PAETIES.
SPEECH OF HON. F. K. ZOLLICOFFER,
OP TENNESSEE,
In the Hocse of Representatives,
April 8, 1856..
The House being in the Committee of Hie Whole on the
Mate of the Union—
Mr. ZOLLICOFFER Said:
Mr. Chairman: When my colleague [Mr.
Smith] had concluded his remarks on Friday, in
which he appropriated so large a share of his
tiihe to an examination into my personal politics,
I immediately sought the floor for reply; but,
under a usage which has grown up here, and of
which I do not complain, by pre-arrangement the
floor had been assigned to other gentlemen; and
this, therefore, is the first opportunity 1 have had
to respond.
My colleague brings my political action more
prominentlyTbefore the House than any merit in
it deserves, and he has been pleased to attribute
to me a position of influence in Tennessee such
as I do not claim, and to which I have no just
title. But I am pleased that, in the searching ex-
amination he has made, he has been able to make
oiily such points upon my political record as were
founded in a misapprehension of the facts; and I
ffeel obliged to him for thus giving me an oppor-
tunity to correct the misapprehensions which have
to some extent gone out to the country through
the newspapers.
My colleague is mistaken in supposing that
I ever called the platform of the American party
the "verbiage platform," or that I used the
word "verbiage"in reference to that jjlatform
at all. I did address the National Council of the
American party when the platform was under
consideration, and I did use the word " verbiage "
in reference to the twelfth section of the platform
adopted in June, 1855. I stated that I was for
the substance of that twelfth section; that I warm-
ly approved of the principles it embodied; that
the people of the Territories, in framing their
State constitutions, had, and ought to have, the
right to determine the character of their own local
institutions; and that States thus framed should,
have the privilege of admission into the Union,
with or without slavery, as they may determine
for themselves.
t But I said that there Was a good deal of ver-
biage in the section which I did not think at all
necessary; and having passed my pencil over the
words I did not deem essential, gentlemen who
were present will remember that I presented what
I designated as the " pith and marrow" of the
section. I said further, that I was very willing
to adopt the seventh section of What is now called
the new platform, in lieu of the twelfth section
of the old, because it embodied the same princi-
ple—which is the principle asserted in the Ne-
braska act, as I understand it—though it is but
frank to say, that among the supporters of that
measure there is a variety of interpretations,
among which is one assuming that it recognizes
the right of a Territorial Legislature to prohibit
slavery, which I have always denied.
Mr. SMITH, of Tennessee. I do not wish
to tonsumeany of my colleague's time. I only
ask a question that he may explain in regard to
the point suggested. If tme seventh section of
the new platform embraced the principle of the
twelfth section of the old one, why was the old
one abolished and the new one adopted ?
Mr. ZOLLICOFFER. It may have been be-
cause my colleague and the political orators and
editors of his party had so fiercely assailed the
twelfth section. They professed then, (however
much they are now in love with it,) to regard it
as a'miserably " unsound" section. The official
organ of the Administration, the Washington
Union, even a:s late as the 16th february last,
denounced it as embodying " a discreditable and
inexcusable concession to "Abolitionism." The
organ of Democracy at Nashville called it a
"wishy-washy" concern, which "r^fnsed to
sanction the principle of the Nebraska bill."
These are but samples of a thousand similar as-
saults throughout the lines of southern Democ-
racy—while, at the North, it was as actively as-
Baited as a " surrender to the sldv# paver,'' * say
it may be that these things had their influence.
But I speak alone for myself—not undertaking to
state the position of other members of the coun-
cil—while I approved the "pith &nd marrow"
of the twelfth section, I was willing to accept the
seventh section of the present platform in lieu,
because it embodied the same principle.
My colleague makes the point against me, that
the thirteenth Section embraces a specification
against the Administration, for " reopeni g Sec-
tional agitation by a repeal of the Missouri com-
promise." I will inform my colleague that I
proposed to strike out that specification, and
every specification in the thirteenth section; but
there-being much disorder at the time, I failed to
succeed. I did not think the Administration had
brought about a repeal of tjhe Missouri compro-
mise. I knew that when Senator Dickson first
proposed that repeal, the organ of the Adminis-
tration at Washington assailed him promptly,
and long afterwards declared that support or the
Nebraska bill ought not to be regarded as a Dem-
ocratic test. ,
The question 'was subsequently about being put
in the American council, Shall the new platform
be adopted in kern of the old ?—when some mem-
ber proposed a division of the question, whicl)
was agreed to, and the vote was first taken upon
striking out the old platform. I voted against
striking out, but the proposition carried. Then
the question recurred upon the adoption of the
new platform. I voted for its adoption. I did it
just as I voted for the Kansas-Nebraska biH in
1854, with some minor objections, which I stated
at the time. When the Nebraska bill came from
the Senate, it embraced, for example, the Clayton
amendment, restricting the elective franchise to
citizens of the United States. I preferred the bill
in that shape, as I explained. But a substitute
was offered in the House, leaving out the Clay ton
amendment, antT I voted for that substitute, be-
lieving that if those who thought with me should
make a point upon that particular amendment,
harmony among the friends of the bill mfeht be
so far disturbed as to endanger the bill. I was
for the bill earnestly as a whole; and thte positions
taken in my argument at the time I have at all
times steadily maintained—before my ' constit-
uents—here, since I returrled to this Hall—at
Philadelphia—everywhere, where I have dis-
cussed the question.
But to make the most of that specification in
the platform, it is but an expression as to a by-
gone issue, while the seventh section of the plat-
form lays down a vital principle of action for the
present and the fliture covering the whole ground,
and reasserting the leading principle embodied
both in the old twelfth section and in the Nebraska
act.  
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. With my col-
league's permission, I desire to aSk one question.
It is not my habit to interrupt gentlemen, and I
should not do so now, but from the/ict that it is
claimed in some places, and particularly in oar
own State, that that twelfth Section recognizes the
Bame principle which is contained in the Kansas
Nebraska act, and that it ■ecognizes the right in
the people of the Territory of Kansas to prohibit
or admit slavery while ia a territorial condition,
I ask my colleague if he so construes that sev-
enth section ?
Mr. ZOLLICOFFER. I Stated my position
a few moments since upon that precise point. I
placed it on record when the Nebraska-bin was
on its passage, and 1 beg leave to say to Itoy col-
league [Mr. Joints] that I cannot now properly
consume more time in dwelling upon it.
My colleague [Mr. Smith] objects to the plat-
form adopted by the American party, because it
has not the word " slavery " in it, and he argues
that thereby, and therefore, we ignore the ques-
tion of slavery. Mr. Chairman, it is a little re-
markable that the Very next gentleman who fal-
lowed my coltekgue m debate—the Republican
member from New York [Mr. Grawger]—made
an argument that slavery ® ignored by the Con-
stitutions of the Genfttad and State Governments
because the word slavery is not to be found in the
Constitution of the United States, and was not to
be found in the constitutions of any of the original
thirteen States. My eollerague then bases his
objection to that section of the platform upon the
