356
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[April 8,
34th Cong....1st Sess.
State of Political Parties—Mr. Zollicoffer.
Ho. op Reps.
precise line of argument which Republicans and
Abolitionists assume in denying the legal exist-
ence of slavery—in denying that the constitu-
tions of the States, and the Constitution of the
United States have recognized the institution,
because the word " slavery" is not inserted in
them. Does he not see into what fetal errors such
assumptions lead ?
My colleague expressed regret that I had re-
marked, in debate here, that I regarded men who
lived in the South, and believed in the constitu-
tionality of the Wilmot proviso, as being, though
not intending it, more dangerous to the South
than northern Abolitionists. Here again, my
colleague does not present correctly the sentiment
•which I uttered. It will be remembered that, on
the 17th of January last, a distinguished member
from Georgia, [Mr. Stephens,] seeing me report-
ed in the Globe of that day, somewhat as' my
colleague now reports me, propounded questions
which enabled me promptly to state the idea I
wished to be understood as expressing. I then
stated (see Appendix Congressional Globe, pp.
57, 58, 59,) that what I meant to say was, that
the theory of the constitutionality of the Wilmot
proviso, particularly if held by southern men,
was more dangerous, and had done more damage,
to the constitutional rights of the southern States
than the open efforts of northern Abolitionists.
I explained that I did not me on to say that gentle-
men who entertained that belief were less patriotic
than those who believed as 1 do, that the Federal
Government has no such constitutional power. I
did not say that they were more dangerous than
northern Abolitionists; but that that theory, or
political doctrine, was more dangerous, and had
done more damage to the South, than the open
efforts of Abolitionists. On the contrary, I ex-
pressly stated that there were many patriotic,
national men who had fallen into that erroneous
theory. My colleague's vindication of their pa-
triotism, therefore, and his remark that he would
prefer to vote for such a man than to vote for an
out-and-out Pree-Soiler, would seem to give rise
(however intended) to an erroneous inference as
to what my actual position was.
Why do I think that that theory of the Con-
stitution is more dangerous than the open efforts
of avowed Abolitionists ? The open efforts of
avowed Abolitionists are impotent for harm, be-
cause the masses of the American people sternly
reprobate them as inimical to the Constitution and
to the stability of the Government; but, when
southern statesmen, whose patriotic purposes are
not doubted, gravely declare that they believe the
Wilmot proviso is constitutional, the politicians
and people of the North are not slow to adopt
this theory, and then the only question left with
them is, is it expedient to enact the Wilmot pro-
viso ? Believing, as the masses in the North do,
that slavery is wrong, regarding it as " obnox-
ious," as leading Democrats do, whom my col-
league regards as sound and true statesmen, is
it wonderful what demonstrations we have had in
the North in favor of the Wilmot proviso after
the surrender of the constitutional question by those
trusted at the South ? The letter of Mr. Buchanan
of the 28th of December last, published in the
newspapers of this city a few days ago, is a strik-
ing illustration of the damage which that consti-
tutional surrender has done the South. Mr. Bu-
chanan had been an advocate of the Missouri
restriction; he had labored to extend the line pro-
hibiting slavery, as marked out by Federal power,
to the Pacific ocean. He now agrees that " the
Missouri compromise," as he calls it, "is gone,
and gone forever." "But," he says, "no as-
sault should be made upon those Democrats who
maintained it." " Itiswell known howllabored,
in company with southern men, to have this line
extended to the Pacific ocean."
Now, mark the palliation,—" in company with
southern men," which this powerful and trusted
statesman feels constrained to make for his de-
parture from the true constitutional theory of the
Government! The Federal Government has no
constitutional jiower to prohibit slavery in the
Territories; and the true theory is now asserted
in the American platform, that the people of the
Territories, in forming their State constitutions,
have the right to determine this question for
themselves.
But is it not a little remarkable that the same
I politicians and newspapers which but a few weeks
! ago were assailing the American party for " pre-
termitting" this question in the twelfth section of
the June platform, now assail me because I assume
that it was a great error for southern men to con-
cede that the Federal Government had such pow-
ers ? A few days before the Philadelphia conven-
tion met, in February last, the Washington Union,
assailing that twelfth section, said: j
It is a fatal surrender of the groundwork of true nation- i
ality to expressly pretermit an opinion as to the power of j
Congress to prohibit or establish slavery in the Territories." ,
* * * " During this long struggle (for Speaker) we have
! yet to see the evidence that Messrs. Marshall, Zollicoffer,
or any other of their southern brethren, conceded that the
I Nebraska bill was an obnoxious act, or that the repeal of
the Missouri restriction was a breach of plighted faith."
* * * n how can t)]ese gentlemen now go into the Phila-
delphia convention, and agree to allow the unsound clauses
in the twelfth section, to which we have directed attenuon,
to stand as the rule of their nationality?"
This is but one of many examples. Now,
however, when we have a platform which does
not " pretermit" this question, and it is disclosed
that the most exalted and trusted Democrats open-
ly assert the Federal power to prohibit slavery,I am
assailed for pointing out the danger of such doc-
trine to the southern States.
My colleague attacks the gentleman from Penn-
sylvania, [Mr. Fuller,] for whom I voted for
Speaker, charging that in 1849 he was " a Wil-
mot provisoist up to the hub," and " nominated
i on an Abolition platform," and that last year he
| "defeated Mr. Wrignt upon the ground that he
(Mr. Wright) voted for the Nebraska bill." The
gentleman from Pennsylvania has been absent
from the Capitol for more than a month, and is
not here to defend himself. I have no means of j
knowing anything of the reliability of the grounds j
upon which my colleague makes these charges;
but, when here, the gentleman from Pennsylvania 1
stated in his place in the House that he had "never
been called upon to affirm or deny the constitu-
tionality of the Wilmot proviso," and had " never
taken any public position upon that subject be-
fore," but was "willing, in all frankness and
candor, to do so now," and then .proceeded to
say: " I hold, in the absence of express authority,
that Congress has no constitutional right to legis-
late upon the subject of slavery." Again, he
said, " 1 am opposed to any .legislation on those
subjects," (alluding to the restoration of the Mis-
souri restriction, and to the prohibition of slavery
in the Territories.) As to beating Mr. Wright,
he said, "it was not the anti-Nebraska issue
which determined that election." My colleague
makes, therefore, direct issue with tne declara-
tions of the gentleman from Pennsylvania, and
does not disclose upon what authority he does so,
or furnish any evidence that it is genuine.
My colleague defends the strange and impor-
tant part he took in the late election of Speaker,
in moving and voting for the plurality rule, and j
thereby securing the election of the present in-
cumbent of the chair. I am not at all surprised
that he should do so, after what I have seen in
the newspapers and what I have read in my let-
ters from home; and recollecting that my colleague
has recently been at home, and heard the thunders
of disapprobation which are being visited on him
for making that movement—I say I am not at all
surprised that he should seize the first opportu-
nity, without waiting for attack here, to defend
himself as well as he can in that particular action.
I propose, Mr. Chairman, to look at the polit-
ical record connected with this action for a mo-
ment. We had been engaged in a long struggle
over the speakership. My colleague, as early as
the middle of December, seemed to be somewhat
restkes, and, addressing the House, said he was
solicitous that an election should take place. He
said that, those opposed te the extension of
slavery had a large majority, and asked them why
they did not elect their man ? He surmised that
the difficulty probably grew out of unsettled ques-
tions as to how the committees should be formed.
He asked, if the majority cannot organize the
House, " who can do it, and how can it be done?"
He could not " vote for the man who entertains
the principles of that party; "but he said," I want
to see an organization, and I hope it will soon
be effected.
Subsequently there were various propositions
made to institute the plurality rule. They failed
by dint of the united votes of National Americans
and Democrats, with a few Republicans, who
were opposed to Mr. Banks. This brought about
a discussion among members as to what would
be the effect of that rule. The question was also
discussed in the newspapers. And what was the
public opinion in the House and out of the House ?
What was the opinion of southern men, northern
men, Democrats, Americans, and Republicans?
Why, that if the plurality rule was adopted Mr.
Banks would be elected Speaker ! Under these cir-
cumstances my colleague, on the 2d of February,
renewed the proposition to adopt the plurality rule.
He seems to have solved, in his own mind, the
question, " Who can do it, and how canit be done ?"
His proposition was carried by Republican votes,
and those of a few Democrats, to wit: Messrs. Bar-
clay, Clingman, Herbert, Hickman, Jewett,
Kelly, S. A. Smith, and Williams—the Na-
tional Americans and the great body of the Dem-
ocrats voting against it.
My colleague makes the argument that the half
dozen national Americans who, under his plural-
ity rule, voted for Mr. Fuller, are alone respons-
ible for Mr. Banks's election, because they had,
the day before, voted voluntarily for Mr. Aiken,
It was well known that, while they were very
willing, if left to act for themselves, to vote for a
Democrat, they were not willing to do so under
compulsion. They had voted in a body, at dif-
ferent times, for more than one Democrat, and
were willing to continue to do so; but they resisted
the plurality rule. After my colleague m oved the
plurality rule, and before the vote was taken upon
it, Mr. Carlile a national American, offered the
following resolution as a substitute for my col-
league's proposition:
" Resolved, That the Hon. Wili.i am Aiken, a Representa-
tive from the State of South Carolina, be, and he is hereby,
declared the Speaker of the Thirty-Fourth Congress."
My colleague objected; and the previous ques-
tion (demanded also by my colleague) having
been seconded, the resolution could not be acted
upon. He seemed resolved to fo*<-° us under a
rule which he knew was very obnoxious. Having
succeeded in this, the candidate of the Democratic
party [Mr. Orr] immediately withdrew in favor
of Mr. Aiken; apparently with aview, if not ex-
pressly to give to the proposed test an air of Dem-
ocratic prearrangement, (which was, of course,
distasteful to Americans, who, in a spirit of liber-
ality, already yielded everything but principle,)
at least with a view of forcing a direct test be-
tween Aiken and Banks, under the plurality
rule. And this, too, when Democrats had re-
fused to vote for an American under any circum-
stances !
Mr. SMITH, of Tennessee. If my colleague
will allow me to interrupt him for a moment, I
desire to ask him this question: Did not a suffi-
cient number of Americans vote for the gentleman
from South Carolina, [Mr. Aiken,] the day be-
fore, to have elected him on the first vote under
the plurality rule ; and whether, if the same mem-
bers of the American party who voted for Gov-
ernor Aiken on the day before had voted for him
on the day the election took place, it would not
have elected him?
Mr. ZOLLICOFFER. It is true that the Amer-
ican party had voted for Governor Aiken volun-
tarily; but they had not voted for him under the
circumstances which existed when the election
took place. They had not voted for him when
the candidate of the Democratic party had with-
drawn. They had not voted for him when tlie
Democratic party had united with the Republi-
cans in forcing on us the plurality rule. And
sir, this union took place after the gentleman
from Georgia, [Mr. Trippe,] a member of the
American party, had stated that that party would
not vote on compulsion.
Mr. SMITH. My colleague did not answer
as to whether, if the same members of the Amer-
ican party who voted for Mr. Aiken the day
before had voted for him on the day of election,
he would not now have been the Speaker of this
House ?
Mr. ZOLLICOFFER. As the whole body of
Americans did vote for Governor Aiken the day
before, and did not elect him, how does it appear
that they could have elected him ? And .how is
