1856.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
im&
under this Government; it has ever obtained in all
Governments in which constitutions and laws are
not mere empty words.
Let us take up the Constitution, and examine
some of its clauses in illustration of my mean-
ing.
Congress shall have power '1 to establish post
offices and post roads.
Suppose, by an increase in the number of the free
States, they obtain control of the legislative and
executive departments, and then proceed to ap-
propriate the money of the Government exclu-
sively for postal facilities in those States, refusing
all appropriations to the others.
It has power to "erect forts, magazines, and
arsenals."
Suppose a northern majority to use the common
fund of the Union for protecting its own coasts,
and to refuse all appropriations for that purpose
to the slaveholding States.
The President, with the advice and consent of
the Senate, " shall have power to appointembas-
sadors, judges of the courts, and other public
officers."
Suppose all the officers of the Government to
be regularly and systematically selected from one
section of the country, which might possess a pre-
ponderating power; that every judge, collector,
and postmaster required for service in the South
should be selected from the North.
Can any man doubt, sir, that ir. any of these
cases, the Constitution would be as clearly and
shamelessly violated by such an abuse of power
as it could possibly be by the usurpation of an
authority not granted?
Mr. President, quite recently, across the At-
lantic, in the country from which we derive most
of our ideas of law and liberty, an attempt was
made by the Clueen to appoint to the House of
Lords a single peer, with a peerage for life. The
-power of the Crown to appoint peers was un-
doubted; the Ministry advised the appointment;
and yet opposition was made in the House of
Lords, ana the proposition was advanced, main-
tained, and sustained, that, although the preroga-
tive of creating peers existed, the exercise of it,
by the creation of a life peerage, was an abuse,
^md contrary to the fundamental constitution of the
Kingdom. The Crown yielded, and the Lords
triumphed.
Sir, look at your Declaration of Independence.
Upon what grounds was it that its immortal
author placed the right of the people of this coun-
try to assert their independence, and to declare
that for the future they would hold the people of
Great Britain "enemies in war; inpeacefriends?"
Look at the entire list of grievances. There is
scarcely one of them that is the usurpation of an
unconstitutional power; every one of them is the
abuse of an admitted constitutional power. Upon
that principle your Revolution rests. And, sir,
it is not to-day, nor before a body like this, that
those who represent southern interests are to be
told that the question is, whether a particular
power is granted by the terms of the Constitution,
without reference to its spirit? All feel at once,
sir, that the instances which I have suggested
would be gross abuses, entirely contrary to that
spirit. What, then, is the principle that underlies
that whole compact for our common government,
and which we should all instinctively feel to have
been outraged by such abuses? It is, sir, the
equality of the free and independent States which
that instrument links together in a common bond
of union—entire, absolute, complete, unqualified
equality—equality as sovereigns, equality in their
rights, equality in their duties. This was the
spirit that presided over the formation of the
Constitution; this the living spirit that breathes
through every line of it; this the object professed
• by it of formjng " a more perfect union"—
Great were the thoughts, and strong the minds,
01' those who framed in high debate
The immortal league of love that binds
Our fair, bioad empire State to State."
Take away this league of love; convert it into
a bond of distrust, of suspicion, or of hate; and
the entire fabric which is held together by that
cement will crumble to the earth, and rest scat-
tered in dishonored fragments upon the giound.
Now, sir, apply these principles to the question
of the division of that territory which is common
to the country. Amidstall the wild theories, the
fantastic propositions which upon this subject
have been broached, I have heard no man yet
contend that the territory which has been acquired
by treaty, purchased by the common treasure, or
conquered by the common valor of the country,
is not the common property of all; and I ask you
if, upon any fair construction of the rights of
those States which formed this Confederacy, as
they are laid down in the Constitution, this com-
mon territory can any more be appropriated to
the exclusive use of one section of the Union than
the common treasure can be employed for the
exclusive service of that same section ? •
Sir, in every case where the framers of the
Constitution foresaw any temptation which could
induce a majority from one section of the Union
to legislate for their own exclusive advantage,
they have expressly prohibited such an abuse,
in order to preserve equality between the States.
They tell you that " no capitation or other direct
tax shall be laid, unless in proportion to the cen-
sus or enumeration hereinbefore directed to be
taken." They tell you that "no tax or dutv
shall be laid on articles exported front any State.'1
They tell you that " no preference shall be given,
by any regulation of commerce or revenue, to the
ports of one State over those of another; nor shall
vessels bound to or from one State be obliged to
enter, clear, or pay duties in another." In the
very preface of the instrument," in declaring its
objects, you are told that it was " to form a more
perfect Union, establish justice, insure domestic
tranquillity, provide for the common defense, pro-
mote the general welfare" of the land. Take it
up under any aspect that you please; and no fair,
no proper, no candid construction of the instru-
ment can lead to any other conclusion than that
which I have announced.
Those who are unwilling to meet, the force of
these principles, who find that it is impossible to
refute them, endeavor to evade their application.
We are told that the South is not excluded from
the common territory; that we have all just the
same right to go there which people from the
North have; that all that is done is to say that
we shall not carry a particular species of property
there; and the honorable Senator from Ohio, [Mr.
"Wade,] I remember, in a speech delivered by him
on the Kansas-Nebraska bill, compared the pro-
hibition by Congress of the introduction of slaves
into the Territories to the prohibition of the in-
troduction of spirituous liquors, or of gunpowder,
or of any dangerous substance about which Con-
gress might pass police regulations in legislating
for the Territories.
Mr. President., an argument like this is as
insulting to the intelligence of the people of the
South as the maintenance of the proposition
which it seeks to sustain would be injurious to
their interests. The fallacy, to our minds, is so
obvious, that I believe no one has hitherto under-
taken to answer it. It appears to carry its own
answer. But, sir, we have been taught by sad
experience that arguments, however plainly their
fallacy may appear to some, are frequently effi-
cient instruments in deceiving others Some mis-
chief may be done by this statement, and I pro-
pose to give it a few moments' consideration.
What is the condition of the common territory
to which this argument is made to apply ? It is
an uncultivated waste. It is covered either by
the primeval forest, or it is still carpeted by the
waving grass,-over which no human shadow has
been cast since its dewy surface first glittered in
the morning sun. It is utterly unfitted for any
other human purpose than cultivation. Man
could not there exist without obtaining his sub-
sistence from the fruits of the earth. What is the
condition of the South to which this argument is
addressed ? Almost its entire agricultural popu-
lation consists of negro slaves; and this is pre-
cisely the population which it is proposed to ex-
clude. So that we are insulted and mocked by
the offer to give us our portion of the common
property, coupled with a condition which makes
it impossible for us to use it, and which reserves
it for the exclusive use of the North; and then,
when we utter some faint complaint, when we
modestly suggest that this is not very fair, wc are
answered by "shrieks.for freedom," and the
people of the North have their prejudices and
passions inflamed by appeals, in which they are
told of " southern aggressions "and of the " usurp-
ations of the southern slave-power."
Before leaving this branch of the subject, I de-
sire to say a few words in relation to the princi-
ples contained in the Kansas-Nebraska act—not
that they are necessary in my part of "the country;
not that the people of the South have the slightest
doubt in relation to the policy or proprietyof
these enactments; but for the purpose of answer-
ing a disingenuous argument which has( beOri
repeatedly urged in both branches of Congress.
We are told that those who advocated the passage
of this act, and now sustain it, when at the Nortlt
endeavor to persuade northern people, that it is
the best possible enactment forfreedom; and that
its advocates at the South tell the people of the
South that it is an entire security for the right of
the South; and then it is said, with, some show of
reason, that one side or the other hasbeen cheated;
Mr. President, those who use that argument
at the North are right; those who sustain that
bill upon the grounds which I have just men-
tioned, at the South, are right. Nnther cheats;
neither is cheated. The history of the passage
of that bill is familiar to us all. There was a
series of propositions presented to its advocates,
upon all of which they could agree save one. All
agreed upon the right of a State to enter into this
Union whenever it had sufficient population, and
had formed a republican constitution, whether
that constitution established or prohibited sla-
very. That provision was, therefore, inserted in
the'bill. All agreed that it was prejudicial to the
best interests of the country that the subject of
slavery should be discussed in Congress. All
agreed that, whether Congress had the power Or
not to exclude slavery from the Territories, it
ought not to exercise it. All agreed that, if that
power was owned by us, we ought to delegate it
to the people whose interests were to be affected
by the institutions established at home. We
therefore put that into tho bill.
Then came the point upon which wo disagreed.
Some said, as I say, Congress has no power to
cxclude slavery fiom the common territory; it
cannot delegate it, and the people in the Terri-
tory cannot exercise it except at the time when
they form their constitution. Others said, Con-
gress has the powei;; Congress can delegate it,
and the people can exercise it. Still others said
—my honorable friend from Michigan [Mr. Cass]
said—that the power to legislate on that subject
was a power inherent in every people with whom
the doctrine of self-government was anything
more than an empty name. On this proposition
we disagreed; and to what conclusion did we
come ? Wc said, in this bill, that we transferred
to the people of that Territory the entire power
to control, by their own legislation, their own
domestic institutions, subject only to the provis-
ions of the Constitution; that we would not in-
terfere with them; that they might do as they
pleased on the subject; that the Constitution
alone should govern. And then, in order to pro-
vide a means by which the 'Constitution could
govern, by which that single undecided question
could be determined, we of the South, conscious
that we were right, the North asserting the same
confidence in its own doctrines, agreed that every
question touching human slavery, or human free-
dom, should be appealable to the Supreme Court
of the United States for its decision.
There is the Kansas bill. Therefore when I
advocate this bill among my people at home, con-
scious that they share my confidence in the cor-
rectness of the principles which I here enunci-
ated, I say to them, in all candor and sincerity,
" You are safe under this bill." Let the gentle-
men of the North who profess an equal confi-
dence in what they believe to be constitutional
principles" on this subject, go to the same tribunal,
and follow the example which tho South has ever
set them, of being a law-abiding and law-observ-
ing people, and this question will then be finally
settled by a tribunal from which none of us will
attempt an appeal.
Strange, strange, sir, that that section of this
Union which bears throughout the country the
reputation of being so excitable, so passionate,
so violent, is always ready to submit its claims
to the decision of the tribunals of the country;
while that which is called the calm, cold, quiet,
calculatingNorth, always obeying the law, always
subservient to the behests of the Constitution,
whenever this question of slavery arises—and
j this alone—appeals to Sharpe's rifles instead of
courts of justice.
