1850.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
mm
the title of Ruhama Whitaker and Rebecca Whit-
aker to certain lands in the State of Louisiana,
reported it without amendment, and submitted a
report; which was ordered to be printed.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the bill (H. R. No. 348) for the re-
lief of the heirs and legal representatives of Ber-
nard Hempkin, reported it without amendment,
and submitted a report; which was ordered to be
printed.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the bill (H. R. No. 350) for the re-
lief of the heirs and legal representatives of Louis
Reggio, reported it without amendment, and sub-
mitted a report; which was ordered to be printed.
lie also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the bill (II. R. No. 351) to extend
the rights granted by the act approved 7th Jan-
uary, 1853, entitled "An act authorizing certain
soldiers of the late war with Great Britain to sur-
render the bounty lands drawn by them, and to
locate others in lieu thereof," reported it without
amendment, and submitted a report; which was
ordered to be printed.
ORDER OF BUSINESS ON SATURDAY.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I desire to sub-
mit a proposition to the Senate, which I hope
they will consider favorably. It is known to the
Senate that we have not been in the habit of sit-
ting on Saturday. The Senatorfrom NewJersey,
[Mr. Thomson,] a few days since, introduced a
resolution calling for information from the De-
partment touching the conquest of California. He
wishes, as I learn from him, to address the Senate
on that subject, or rather he desires to make a
political speech. I desire to do the same thing.
Neither of us wishes to occupy any portion of
the working hours of the Senate; and, therefore,
if it is agreeable to the body, we ask them to sit
on Saturday, and will impose on no gentleman
the necessity of coming here unless he chooses to
come. I presume no business will be done except
the morning business, and therefore I ask the
Senate to give us the privilege to come here on
Saturday to make our speeches.
Mr. MASON. I will cheerfully accede to the
request of the Senator, but I had it in view to ask
the Senate to meet on Saturday for executive
business.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I have no doubt
the Senator will have ample time for an executive
session, either before or after that.
Mr. MASON. I had drawn up a resolution,
asking the Senate to meet on Saturday for exec-
utive business. We can meet at eleven o'clock,
and the executive business will not occupy more
than an hour or two. At any rate, I shall agree
at one o'clock to yield to the gentleman. I sup-
pose that will be acceptable.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. Then I make
the motion to take up the resolution of the Sen-
ator from New Jersey, and make it the special
order for one o 'clock on Saturday.
Mr. CLAYTON. I should be very happy to
hear my friends from Tennessee and NewJersey;
but there is so much public business of great im-
portance pressing on the attention of the Senate,
that I cannot consent to become a party to any
arrangement that will postpone it. I readily agree
that we shall sit on Saturday. I am willing to go
into executive session, and transact all the busi-
ness to be done there. I do not wish, however,
to go on with anything except the fair and legit-
imate business of the Senate. We have no time
for political discussions now. There is a great
deal of very important business to be done; and
although I should be extremely happy to hear
my honorable friends from Tennessee and New
Jersey, I cannot consent to have the time of the
Senate taken up with a discussion, so as to ex-
clude other matters of business, at this time.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I am as far from
desiring that as the Senatorfrom Delaware. I
suppose that the Senate will not deny me the
privilege of making any sort of a speech that I
choose when I get the floor to make one. I have
made the motion in deference to other Senators.
Saturday is a day not usually occupied in busi-
ness. We have never sat a single Saturday this
session; and it was to consult the feelings and
proprieties of the Senate that I made the propo-
sition. If the Senate chooses to deny us this
privilege, all I have to say is, that I shall make
my speech on the first bill that comes up, and I
suppose it will take as much time then, or perhaps
more, than by granting what we ask.
Mr. SEWARD. As far as I am concerned,
I agree that it is a very modest and reasonable
request on the part of those two Senators, and
I think it is the general sense of the Senate to
agree to it.
Mr. CLAYTON. I do not agree with the
honorable Senator from New York, that it is the
general sense of the Senate that this course should
be taken, and a whole day devoted to these polit-
ical discussions. Nor do I know upon what
authority that honorable Senator undertakes to
say for himself what is the general sense of the
Senate. He has no more right to say what is the
general sense of the Senate than I have. Now,
sir, there are some very important bills which
must be pressed to a decision when they come
up. I shall be very happy to hear all this discus-
sion. I cannot prevent my friend from Tennessee
making his speech, if he chooses to do it in his dis-
cretion. All I have to say is, that I do not agree
to set apart a whole day for the purposes of that
discussion. Of course the Senator from Tennes-
see can speak when he pleases, if he chooses to
take upon himself the responsibility of inter-
rupting the general business with a political dis-
cussion. I have not denied that; but 1 do not
think with the Senator from New York, that it
is the general sense of the Senate at this time,
that such a request should be complied with. If
he desires to ascertain the fact, let us put the
question, and see whether it is the general sense
of the Senate.
Mr. MASON. Allow me to offer a resolution
to go into executive session on Saturday at eleven
o'clock, and at one o'clock the Senate can dispose
of the rest of the day as they think proper.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. There is a
motion pending which will have to be acted on
first.
Mr. HUNTER. I suggest, by way of com-
promise , inasmuch as all the time after one o 'clock
will be necessary for the appropriation bills for
the residue of the session, that the morning hours
from eleven to one o'clock be given to the gentle-
men who desire to make speeches. One o'clock
will do for the appropriation bills; and let my
colleague ask for Monday from eleven to one
o'clock for executive business. In that way all
may be accommodated.
Mr. MASON. I feel a very confident assurance
that in two hours, and probably m less time, we
can dispose of so much of the executive business
at least as I have charge of, and I know on Mon-
day there will be a pressure. I prefer that the
Senate should give me Saturday, and after that,
if the Senator from Tennessee, or any other gen-
tleman, desiies any other business to be taken up,
it can be done. I hope the question will be taken
on my resolution.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The first
question is on the motion of the Senator from
Tennessee.
Mr JONES, of Tennessee. That will not
conflict with the motion of the Senator from Vir-
ginia. I ask to make the resolution of the Sen-
ator from New Jersey the special order for Sat-
uiday, at one o'clock.
Mr. HUNTER. I would prefer the Senator
to make it the special order during the morning
hours, from eleven to one o'clock.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I would do that
but for the fact that it will conflict with your col-
league.
Mr. HUNTER. Why cannot my colleague
agree to ask for the morning hours of Monday >
Mr. MASON. If my colleague will allow the
vote to be taken on my resolution, I suggest to
the Senatorfrom Tennessee to withdraw his mo-
tion.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. Very well. Then
I will offer mine afterwards.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The question
is on the following resolution, offered by the Sen-
ator from Virginia:
Resolved, That the Senate will proceed at eleven o'clock
on Saturday next, to the consideraion of executive busi-
ness.
Mr. DODGE. I hope that will be done. I
have a number of appointments from the Com-
mittee on Commerce that ought to be acted upon.
I hope the resolution of the Senatorfrom Virginia
will be passed so as to enable me to get through
with my executive business as chairman of that
committee at the time when he presents 'his.
Mr. HUNTER. I will not object to the reso-
lution , but I am unwilling to agree to it. if we are
to give up all the time after one o'clock -to
speeches, because it will shut out the appropria-
tion bills entirely.
The resolution was agreed to.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. -I now move to
take up the resolution of the Senator from New
Jersey, and make it the special order for Saturday
at one o'clock.
Mr. COLLAMER. 1 wish to have it read
first.
The Secretary read it, as follows:
, Resolved, That tlie President of the United States be re-
quested to furnish this body with copies of the dispatches
from Commodore Stockton in 1848, forwarded by Mr.
Christopher Carson, giving an account of his operations in
California.
Also, if in the possession of the Government, any dis-
patches or history from Messrs. W. B. Idc, John ferigsby,
and Samuel Nasli, relative to the declaration of independ-
ence, and the hoisting of the bear flag in California, pre-
viously to the arrival of Commodore gloat on that station.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The first ques-
tion is on taking up the resolution.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. My proposition
is to postpone it, and make it the special order
for Saturday, at one o'clock.
Mr. HUNTER. I suggest to the Senator from
Tennessee, whether it would not satisfy him to
say Monday, at eleven o'clock, so as to have a
part of Saturday for the appropriation bills ?
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I have but one
desire, and that is to consult the wishes of the
Senate, and to save the time of the Senate. I am
willing to agree to anything—but I think Satur-
day is a day which will less interfere with thS
public business than any other.
The motion -was agreed to.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The question
now is on postponing the further consideration of
the resolution, and making it the special order
for Saturday, at one o'clock.
The motion was agreed to.
PUBLIC BUILDINGS AT DETROIT.
Mr. STUART asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to bring in a joint resolution
(S. R. No. 37) for enlarging the custom-house,
post office, and court-house, at Detroit, Michigan;
which was read a first arjfl second time by unani-
mous consent.
Mr. STUART. I wish to ask action on the
joint resolution. It is necessary that the resolu-
tion should be acted on, that the contract may be
made by the Secretary of the Treasury to erect
these buildings.
Mr. HUNTER. Has it been referred?
Mr. STUART. Yes, sir; and has the approval
of the Department.
By unanimous consent, the joint resolution was
considered as in Committee of the Whole. It
authorizes the Secretary of the Treasury to cause
the building at Detroit for a custom-house, post
office, and court-house, to be increased in length
from the plan heretofore adopted for that purpose,
not to exceed twenty-five feet, and to modify and
enlarge the plan so as to adapt it to the increased
length, if the extension can be accomplished at
an expense not exceeding $30,000, and ten per
centum for superintendence and contingencies,
which sum is appropriated.
The joint resolution was reported to the Senate
without amendment, ordered to be engrossed for
a third reading, read the third time, and passed.
ROBERT MITCHELL.
Mr. STUART. The Committee on Public
Lands, to whom was referred Uic bill (H. R. No.
20) fortlie relief ofRobertMitchell have instructed
me to report back the bill, and recommend its
passage.
Mr. CLAY. The bill just reported for the
relief of Robert Mitchell is simply to confirm a
title to an Indian reservation of land purchased
by Mitchell, not of the reservee, but of her vendee.
It is proper that it should be confirmed. It is a
matter in which the Government has really no
interest whatever, and I hope the Senate will
take it up and act on it at once.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate pro-
ceeded, as in Committeeof the Whole, to consider
the bill which authorizes Robert Mitchell to enter
