1856.1
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE'.
357
34th Cong.... 1st Sess.
State of Political Parties—Mr. Zollicoffer.
Ho. or Reps.
It that thev did ■«< elect him ? What were the
Democrats iloing then ?
Mr. SMITH. If my colleague will allow me
to ask itim one other question,! will not take up
his time further. Did not the gentlemen from New
York, [Messrs. Whitnkt, valk, and Batard
Clark], and the gentlemen from Pennsylvania,
[Messrs. Broom and Fuller,] vote for Governor
Aiken, and if they had voted for him on Satur-
day would he not have been elected?—whether
thev did not vote against him on that day ?
Mr. ZOLLICOFFER. The records show how
gentlemen voted—I cannot tell whether the whole
American votG would have elected Mr. Aiken,
unless I knew how Democratic votes would have
been cast in that event. But my colleague should
not take up my time to catechise me in this
irregular manner.
Mr. SMITH. Very well. I hare stated that
fact in my speech, and I will not take up the time
of my colleague bv further referring to it.
Mr. WHiTNfiY. I will take pleasure in
explaining the remark of the gentleman from
Tennessee, [Mr. Smith,] so far as I am personally
concerned, if the committee will give me an
opportunity, when the gentleman has concluded
kis remarks.
Mr. VALK. If the gentleman from Tennessee
will allow me for one single moment, I desire to
state what will be within the recollection of many
gentlemen here, that I was not in the House
when the final vote on the election of Speaker
was taken, and therefore the statement of the
gentleman from Tennessee, [Mr. Smith,] that I
voted against Governor Aiken cannot be correct.
Mr. SMITH. I should like to know where the
gentleman was ? He was in the House immedi-
ately before the vote was taken.
Mr. VALK. I was not.
Mr. ZOLLICOFFER. My colleague has a
theory with regard to the Democratic party which
I wish to examine. In his speech the other day,
and in the one to which he then alluded, made at
the last Congress, he laid down the positions that
his party is one of strict constructions of the Con-
stitution—that its elementary principles have ever
been the same—that it is a true and sound national
party, and should be relied upon to protect the
interests and rights of the South. In this con-
nection I remember that, having assumed that I
had attempted to throw discredit upon the Dem-
ocratic candidate for Speaker, [Mr. Richardson,]
he asks if it is not time that these assaults upon
the sound Democrats of the North should cease?
I think it demonstrable that these positions of my
colleague are all more or less fallacious.
But first, a word as to Mr. Richardson. My
■o-called " assault " consisted merely in pro-
pounding questions which drew from him his own
real opinions. He disclosed, that he was still the
advocate of the constitutionality of the Wilmot
proviso, and that under certain circumstances he
nad, in 1850, pledged himself to vote for it; but
that he now repudiated the pledge to vote for the
Wilmot proviso, which I was really much grati-
fied at, for I have long regarded the gentleman from
Illinois ns one of the soundest of northern Dem-
ocrats. So I regard other prominent Democrats
of that State, at the head of whom stand Senators
Douglas and Shields. But, while I concede this,
is it not my right, nay, my duty, to point oat the
yet very great unsoundness of their actual, re-
corded opinions? If such exposures embarass
them, or gentlemen who indorse and support
them, it is not my fault, but the fault of the poli-
tical records they have made for themselves. For
example, I have a sketch of a speech before me,
which General Shields made in defense of the
Nebraska bill, at Springfield, Illinois, in the fall
of 1854, #hich appeared in the Washington
Union of October 28, of that year. Now, re-
membering that the Nebraska bill is the present
Democratic platform, this extract is important.
Here it is: see upon what grouift he defends
that measure! He said:
" Kama* and Nebraska were free tune, and the people
there would keep them free. The establishment of slavery
In those Territories was not only improbable, but impossi-
ble, Mid it was always wiser and better to let people work
out a peat good for. themselves, than have it lorced upon
Uiea by others; and this was tile way in which Ireemen
always do what is great and good, by their own free and
voluntary act. The principles of non-intervention would
not only keep Kansas and Nebraska what they are now—
/ree—but would, by its full and fair operation, if we acquire
the continent to the Isthmus of Darien,«>or*wttA nchpote-
erful fttree and effect that no nun would ever see mother
slave Territory on this continent."
The Washington Union, in the article copying
this extract, expresses its gratification that" Gen-
eral Shields is, in the canvass in his State,giving
powerful aid to his distinguished colleague, Judge
Douglas," and remarks, that in this particular
speech " he sustained the principles qf the Nebraska
bill with great force and effect!'' He was '' giving
powerful aid " to Judge Douglas. And what was
Judge Douglas doing ? I have no copies of the
speeches he was making in Illinois; but I have
an extract of a letter he addressed to the editor
of the Concord (N. H.) Patriot, dated February
16,1854, in which, speaking of the allegation in
the North that the Nebraska bill opens the whole
country to slavery, he asks:
" Why do they not state the matter truly, and state that
it opens the country to freedom, by leaving the people per-
fectly free to do as they please ?"
This is very similar to sentiments expressed
! by the same distinguished gentleman in the Sen-
! ate, in his speech on the territorial question on
the 13th ana 14th March, 1850. He said:
"Last year I introduced a bill for the admission of all the
country acquired from Mexico by the treaty of peace into
thn Union as one State, reserving the right to form new
States out of any portion of said territory lying east of the
Sierra Nevada mountains." * * " If my bill of last ses-
sion had become the law of the land—which it certainly
would have done if he (Mr. II ale) had not united his forces
with those of the Senator from South Carolina [Mr. Cal-
hoch] to defeat it—the whole of the Territory acquiredfrom
Mexico at this moment, hare been dedicated to free-
dom forever,Vy a constitutional provision."
In the same speech, speaking of the effect of
his own amendment to the Texas annexation res-
olution, he said:
" While Texas remained an independent Power, it was all
slave territory from the Gulf of Mexico to the forty-second
parallel of latitude. By the resolution of annexation, five
and a half degrees of this slave territory, to wit: all between
thirty-six and a half and the forty-second parallels were to
become' fixed, pledged, fastened to be'free, and not' slave
territory forever, by the solemn guarantees of law.' Here
is a Territory stretebng across five and a half degrees of
latitude, withdrawn from slavery and devoted to freedom, by
the very act which the Senator [Mr. Webster] has chosen
to denounce and deride as the work of the northern Democ-
racy."
"And when the northern Democrats are arraigned and
condemned for having contributed to the extension of sla-
very, the five and a half degrees of latitude north of 36° 30*,
for which provision was made to be converted from slave
intofree territory absolutely, and probably doable that amount
south of that line by the action of the people themselves when
they come to form a State constitution, ought to have been
brought to the notice of the public, and put to our credit in
the statement of the account.''
Here we have Judge Douglases own interpreta-
tion, of his own action, connected with the three most
momentous measures touching the public territories,
for which his southern friends give him so much
credit! Is it not legitimate to present these rec-
ord facts of history ? Still it is just to say, that
Messrs. Douglass, Shield, and Richardson, are
of the very soundest of northern Democrats,
and are really entitled to much eredit for the pa-
triotism and general nationality of their senti-
ments.
They are far better than the masses of the
Democratic party at the North, who have been
so fearfully complicated with Free-Soilism and
the Wilmot proviso. So generally has this been
so, that, after Mr. Pierce's nomination for the
Presidency, the Washington Union, edited by a
Tennesseean, was forced to say—at least, I have
often seen this language quoted from it:
" The Free-Soil Democratic leaders of the Worth are a
regular portion of the Democratic party; and General
Pierce, if elected, will malce no distinction between them and
the rest of the Democracy in the dutrihution of ojficial pat-
ronage, and in the selection of agents for administering the
Government."
The public offices teere accordingly filled, to a
great extent, by Free-Soil Democrats from the
North—such as Dix, Bishop, Cochrane, Fowler,
Crocker, &c.—while sound national men—such
1 as Dickinson, Bronson, and others—were neg-
lected or proscribed. W. J. Brown, of Indiana,
who would have been made the Democratic
Speaker of this House, in the Thirty-Second Con-
gress, but for the accidental discovery that he had
given a written pledge to Wilmot that he would
i compose the committees with Free-Soil majorities, was
j appointed to, and now holds under the Adminis-
tration, a high and important office. The present
Secretary of the Interior is a Wilmot proviso Free-
Soiler of so strong a type as to deny that slaves are
property. Our Minister Plenipotentiary to Russia
is a Free-Soiler. Of the seventy delegates ap-
pointed by the Softs to attend the Democratic
convention in June next, all were old Buffalo
platform Free-Sotfers of 1848 (says the New York
Wational Democrat) but seven. But I have not
time to go further into these prolific details.
What is the present ostensible position of the
Democratic party ? Why its platform is not
founded upon principle at all, but upon a solitary
measure—the Nebraska bill—which is construed
variously by its various supporters. General
Cass, for example, heads those who see in it
I squatter sovereignty; my colleague is of those
1 wlio understand it very differently; General
' Shields is of the class who think it a measure
"for freedom;" and the distinguished C. C.
Cambreling, as orthodox a democrat as any of
them, is in love with it, because he says it will so
operate as to leave " not a single square inch of
slave territory in the United States.
Where, then, is the identity of principle—where
the soundness of the Democratic party , of which
my colleague speaks? The same radical differ-
ences of opinion which characterize them on
slavery questions, also attend them on other lead-
ing branches of public policy . But my colleague
claims that his party are strict constructionists,
and before I leave this slavery question let me
call attention to the fact that there is a large sec-
tion of the Democratic party who are such strict
| constructionists that they deny that the Federal
Government had the constitutional right to pass
the present fugitive slave law.
Mr. SMITH, of Tennessee. Do I understand
my colleague to say that any recognized part of
the Democratic party at the North resist the
execution of the fugitive slave law ?
Mr. ZOLLICOFFER. I cite the late distin-
guished gentleman from Massachusetts, Robert
Rantoul, jr., formerly a member of this House.
Mr. SMITH. Mr. Rantoul was an Abolitionist
and was turned, heels over head, out of the Bal-
" timore convention in 1852 upon that very account.
Mr. ZOLLICOFFER. I will give my col-
league another instance, not of a northern man,
but a southern man—I mean the present Secretary
of War—who is reported as saying, in a pub-
lished speech, that " when any State in the Union
shall choose to set aside the (fugitive slave) law,
it is within her sovereignty and beyond our power."
And further to have said, that in such contingency,
" I, for one, will never give my vote to extend the
arm of the Federal power for her coercionSuch
is the extent to which strict construction is carried
! in the Democratic party!
j Now, as we have seen there is no unity of sen-
timent among Democrats upon slavery questions,
where do we discover the unity? Is it to be
found in questions relating.to the disposition of
the public lands? Look at the votes taken in this
Hall, and you will find that the Democratic mem-
bers have been divided upon every sort of land
question. Is it upon improvements of rivers and'
harbors ?—upon the homestead bills ?—upon the
Pacific road—or upon any other leading subject
of legislation? The same contrariety of position
is found among Democratic members in all! It
was but the other day that the Democratic mem-
ber from Virginia [Mr. Letcher] read us a
j I strict construction lecture upon the Pacific rail-
I, road, and yet my colleague is in favor of that
j measure.
, la regard to internal improvements, let me ask
; j   
* The language here quoted i have seen attributed to the
distinguished gentleman in what purportsto be an extract
of a speech which was published in th'<f4iewspapers; but
I am at present unable to state what particular speech. I
do not find the language employed in his remarks in tha
Senate in 1850, when the present fugitive slave act was
discussed, for which act he voted, with an expression of
the wish that the provision of the Constitution for the ren-
dition of fugitives from service had stood unaided by con-
gressional legislation to that day, and that the moral sensa
of the community had been relied om, and State legislation
left to provide for its execution; but expressing a willing-
ness, within the limits of his opinion as to what Congress
may do, to leave to the border States to frame the law as
they may think best. As to the language quoted above, I
will endeavor soon to determine the precise source from
which it comes.
