THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 6.
ar&te, distinct and independent, each from the
Other.' The legislative branch has no right to de-
mand of the judiciary the reasons why they act
thus and ,so; the legislative branch has no busi-
ness to demand of the Executive why he acts thus
Of so f nor has either of them the right to demand
of1 the legislature why we act thus or so. If our
action is harmonious, it is well; but if it fails in
any one of the departments of the Government,
our action must necessarily fail, according to my
understanding of the theory of this Government.
'I confess I do not like the idea, and I do not
ftilly understand the object of undertaking to pass
fcy the President, and throw the censure wholly
. on the board, who were never required to act with
| any responsibility to the Senate, or to Congress,
1 or to the country. * It was simply an intervening
! board, authorized and appointed under a law to
advise the Executive what he ought to do. When
they gave their advice, their functions entirely
ceased; and if the President had not approved
what they did, their whole action woula have
fallen to the ground and become null and void.
The President therefore, being the revisory power,
had the right to demand the reasons why they
recommended to him to do thus and so-, but as
they ^nade no recommendations to the Senate, and
o,s the Senate .is not called upon to revise their
action in any way, and reserved to itself no power
to make this revision when the law was passed,
1 maintain that this demand for reasons is alto-
gether wrong and out of place.
My friend from Tennessee says he would de-
mand the reasons why each and every man was
displaced, and, though the assignment of those
reasons might fall with crushing power on ninety-
nine men, if their assignment was necessary to
rescue one fair character, he would still demand
them. That sentiment is noble enough; but the
case did not require the enunciation of any such
sentiment. Some of the officers who have bpen
retiredhave sentin their applications by memorial,
j and have demanded an investigation into the
\ causes why they have been displaced; and those
; memorials have been sent to the Committee on
Naval Affairs. You are not to conclude in ad-
' yance that that Committee will not discharge their
f "duty and their whole duty.
jby what authority do Senators assume that the
Committee on Naval Affairs will not make all the
investigation which the case requires; that they
will not report all the facts which are involved in
each particular case separately, on the memorial
which has been referred to them? It seems to
me that the passage of such a resolution as this
distrusts the integrity of your own committee. I
hold it to be the duty of the Committee on Naval
Affairs to report on the separate cases which have
been referred to them, as much so as to report on
the memorial of any other citizcn of the Republic
who feels that he has been aggrieved by the action
of the Government. When those reports are
made, let us consider each case on its own dis-
tinct merits. I rise solemnly to protest against
this mingling of the guilty with the innocent, and
this idea* of making a hotch-potch business of the
whole concern, and dragging private gentlemen's
private affairs before the Senate, and before the
world, when they have made no application to be |
thus dragged before the Senate and before the coun-
try. Iftherebeasinglcmanonthelistof dismissed
officers, who feels that his reputation is more j
secure in that privacy where ho now stands, than
it would be by having it paraded before the Sen-
ate, I would leave him to his repose. I am not
willing that one man should have his reputation j
fairly established, as my friend from Tennessee '
says, by dragging one hundred others with him,
who think their reputation would be blasted by
this sort of investigation.
I take it for granted that those who believe
they have a fair record behind, and arc willing to
stand the test of investigation, have sent m their
memorials, and have demanded the investigation;
and though Congress might sit until the end of j
this century, I would give it to them, and give it
to them to their heart's content. If a record shall
be brought here which will not stand the test, i j
notify them, I notify their friends, anu all the
worlcl, that I will discuss their private characters
with all the freedom with which I would express j
my views on a public measure, because they come
here to demand it.
I will not assume in advance, by any vote of
mine, that the.Committee on Naval Affairs of the
Senate will not discharge their duty by investi-
gating this matter to the bottom on each man's
distinct and separate petition. I think I can see
in this whole proceeding here a disposition to get
all these officers off by making a general commo-
tion and general row over the whole thing, so
that the responsibility shall rest equally alike
upon the innocent and the guilty; and those half
dozen or so of innocent men who have been dis-
charged, are to drag the great car which is to
carry them all back again to place. I am against
that. I believe men have been dismissed who
ought to have been dismissed; I believe men have
been furloughed who ought to have been fur-
loughed; I believe men have been put on the
reserved list who ought to have been put there.
That some have been dismissed who ought to
ha vo been retained, I have no question. I am for
winnowing the whole matter, and for getting the
wheat out of the chaff, and taking care of the
wheat and throwing tlie chaff to the four winds
of heaven. I do not mean, so far as my vote or
my action is concerned, to take all the chaff, with
a few grains of wheat, back again.
If I am not mistaken, the distinguished Senator
from Kentucky [Mr. Crittenden] advocated the
idea, and certainly made an argument to prove
that the whole law might be repealed, with a
declaratory clause that things should be restored
to their former position; in other words, that you
should treat the law as a certain election was once
treated in a sister State—as though it had never
been passed. I shall not take issue with the dis-
tinguished Senator from Kentucky on a law point;
but I wish to make a suggestion. The repeal of
the law, with a declaration that things shall be
restored to the position which they occupicd
before the law was passed, could mean nothing
else than that the Secretary of the Navy and the
President had so bunglingly executed the law
that they had thrown things into inextricable
confusion, and that therefore it was necessary to
rub out all that had been done, and make a new
start. What else can it mean but that they not
only failed to execute the law in its true spirit,
and according to its true intent, but that they
have made "confusion worse confounded,J> so
that there is no possibility of making sense out
of their proceeding. Sir, when you send an act
to the President to be approved, with that implied
declaration on its face, do you think he will
approve it? Do you think he will go for upsetting
all that he has done under the law, when your
declaration can amount to nothing else than that
his proceeding is so foolish, and so absurd, and
so utterly without order, that you can make
nothing out of it ? I do not know what he would
do in such a case. I am not ashamed to acknowl-
edge that my relations with him are not of a
character to justify me in representing him here,
us I do not represent him; but he is President of
tlie United States, and I suppose, indeed I know,
that he has a full and proper appreciation of the
dignity of his position, and of the rights which
attach to it. If you should undertake, by an act
of this nature, to make him stultify himself, to
make him admit, by the approval of your act,
that he had so bunglingly executed the law of
Congress that the whole thing was thrown into
utter confusion, I take it for granted hp would
say, ({ I saw clearly through the thing from the
beginning; I know what I meant; this is a trick
of politicians to get me into difficulty; and I do
not mean to put my signature to my own death-
warrant. " ] take it for granted he would take
some such view as that.
Now, sir, I understand that we have already
before us, if not directly, at least sufficiently for
us to comprehend them, two propositions for get-
ting out of this difficulty. One of them is to keep
open the places in the Navy that shall be made
vacant by denth or resignation, to be filled by
officers who have been improperly dismissed
from the service; in other words, instead of car-
rying on the line of promotion in regular order,
that' those vacancies shall be loft open, so that
men who have been improperly dismissed may be
restored. Some Senator the other day made a
good deal of complaint about the case of Com-
modore Stewart. It so turns out—and I men-
tion it certainly with as much regret as any other
Senator can feel—that the position from which
he was displaced is already vacant. If the Pres-
ident, in his wisdom, should think proper to
restore Commodore Stewart, there is the place
ready, waiting for him, in consequence of the
unfortunate death of one of his associates Va-
cancies in the same way will occur in every
grade of the service which may be filled by nom-
inations by the President. If this does not sat-
isfy us, another plan is presented of passing a
law providing for a sufficient number of tempo-
rary captains, commanders, and lieutenants, to
take in all who have been unjustly dismissed
from the service.
I am ready to go for either of these proposi-
tions; I have no choice between them. If the
judgment of the Senate shall be against both, I
shall then be ready to go for anything else winch
shall be suggested from any quarter which shall
do perfect and entire justice to all parties; but as
I said to the Senate on a former occasion, and as
I now repeat, I do not mean to vote to restore
things as they stood before the law, even though
I may have "the power to do it. In the first
place, I do not believe you have the power to do
it; and if you had, I do not believe you ought to
exorcise it. If any injustice has been done, at
least half a dozen modes %iay be pointed out by
which you can do justice to those who have been
wronged. There-does not exist, there cannot
by possibility exist, any sort of necessity for
your repealing the law with the declaration that
things shall be restored to the position which
they occupied before the law was passed. I felt
it due, Mr. President, to the position which I
occupied in this matter, in consequence of some
remarks which I made on a former occasion, to
say this much. I do not think I shall ever allude
to the subject again.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I wish to ask my
friend from Mississippi a question before he re-
sumes his seat. I do not mean to follow him in
his argument. I understand him to assume that
this is the act of the President, and that the
responsibility is with .the President, because all
power over the subject is vested in him. His
whole argument goes on the assumption that the
President is omnipotent in all questions of re-
moval, and that therefore the President is respons-
ible for this whole thing.
The Senator tells us that there are two reme-
dies. What are they? One, to keep open the
vacancies that may occur by death or resignation;
and the other, to provide for a temporary increase
of the grades of the Navy.
Docs not the omnipotence of the President in
dismissing apply just as strongly in restoring as
in dismissing ? What is the use of talking about
your remedy when this power of omnipotence
has to be consulted at last? I do not believe in
the omnipotence of any man; but if the President
alone is responsible for this proceeding, being
omnipotentin removals, he is equally omnipotent
in restorations and nominations.
1 can tell my honorable friend, however, that
the President is not so omnipotent as he supposes.
That was manifested in the case of a very great
and good man, for whom I cherish as kind feel-
ings as any Senator on this floor, and more so
than some do. The contest with him showed
that no President can be considered omnipotent.
Have you not seen promotions in the Army of
the United States suspended here for two or three
years, on the single application of one man?
Where, then, is the omnipotence of your Presi-
dent ? Have you not seen nominations sent here,
and sent back to him, and returned to us, and sent
back to him again, and kept in abeyance until
the voice of the sovereignty of the States of this
Union was heard in the confirmatory power of
the Senate ? He is not omnipotent; and so far as
I am concerned, I shall never surrender that ques-
tion; I will never vote to confirm one man whose
nomination he sends here until I think the injured
men have had a fair hearing. The Senate have
refused, on many occasions, to confirm nomina-
tions: they have a right to refuse again; and tlie
omnipotence of the. President is not an argument
that extends far with me.
Mr. BROWN. I said nothing about the om-
nipotence of the President. With all due defer-
ence to the acumen of my friend from Tennessee,
I must say that I said nothing from which, in my
opinion, he could have drawn any such inference.
I spoke of the President's powers under this law.
I said that the law itself gave him the right to
