APPENDIX TQ THE CONGRESSIONAL GLQ&S.
[April 4,
34th Conq Tst Sbss.
Admission of Kansas—Mr. Douglas.
Senate.
my colleague whether he did not vote for the
great river and harbor bill of last Congress,
which was passed by a large majority in a House
having a Democratic majority of eighty-six—
which also passed a Democratic Senate, but was
vetoed by the President upon the ground that it
was uHcoiutitutivnal ? _ . .....
Mr. SMITH. I did vote for it, and I should
vote for it again; and 1 do not look to the Presi-
dent to form opinions for me upon constitutional
questions. i
Mr. ZOLLICOFFER. My argument is thus
illustrated, that there has been no unity of opin-
ion or action among Democrats, either upon the
slavery question or any other, unless it is that
unity wnich holds together a body of men of
diverse and extreme opinions for the sake of party
success. , ,
It is proper to say, that while I belong to the
American party, ana am an ardint American, for
reasons which I have assigned to my constituents,
and am ready to assign on all proper occasions,
there are those who are said to belong to the
American or Know Nothing party from whom
I differ so jvidely upon slavery questions, and
upon other questions, that I can have no political
affiliation with them. There were some such for |
a time in the National Council at Philadelphia, and I
I very plainly so declared to them. It is right |
and proper that we should be candid upon such
matters; and 1 think my colleague has fallen into
a very great error in propagatin g the idea the other
day, and in his speech a year ago, and as he is in
the habit of doing, that the Democracy is a unit in
elementary principles, of sound national materials',
and ought to be securely trusted by the patriotic
masses, who would guard and preserve tlie Con-
stitution andthe Union. It is a great fallacy, sir.
The Americans have nominated sound national
men for President and Vice President, who will
faithfully regard the constitutional rights of every
section of the Union. My colleague says that
unless the South can unite, and defend those men
in the North who staTid by the guaranties of the
Constitution,^ Unionitgone. Why,then,should
not Union-loving men in the South at once unite
upon Millard Fillmore' My colleague says the
only effect of his nomination is to " divide the
South." Why should it do so? Why should
the Democratic party nominate a separate ticket,
and thus " divide the South ?" In the struggle for
Speaker, the Americans, sinldng fmrty, voted for
Democrats, to prevent a northern sectional organ-
ization; but Democrats would not under any cir-
cumstances rote for an American. With such
* Bmritof proscription, whatdo they m«an by saying
the South should unite ? My colleague says the
Americans have no hope of carrying any State in
the North. Lethim wait and see ! What States
have the Democrat! carried ? Where is the evi-
dence that any man they can nominate can beat
Millard Fillmore? It is true the Americans)
have to contend against both the Democrats and
Republican parties—the Republicans in the North
wishing to merge everything into a sectional
organization against slavery, and the Democrats t
desiring to sink every question but the Nebraska
bill, and its interprelations;~but the conservative
men of the Nortn, South, East, and West, seeing
the danger to the Union which must follow the
formation of two great geographical parties, and
knowing Mr. Fillmore as the true and tried. |
patriot who guided the ship of State in the storm
of 1850, will gather arotftid his standard, and i'
build up a great national party, to stand as a I
breakwater between those extreme parties which, ! -
for political success, would seem to be ready to '
put even the stability of the Government to the
hazard.
Thousands of conservative men in the North, 1
temporarily dfc wn into comhinAion with Repub-
lican# against the Nebraska bill, have already,
abandoned them, and thousands more will con-
tinue to do so, as the Republicans more and more
disclose the sectional and abolition purposes they
have in view. Soon, I trust, the excitement
which gave them temporary strength will hava
subsided, and their dimensions wilt have shrunk
into the comparatively inconsiderable Abolition
forces which have usuaHy been found to exist in
the northern States. But it is regarded by the
Republicans as their best policy to keep up the
slavery tgitation; and I believe that the Demo-
qrats think it the best Democratic policy, too. So
that, between them, we are likely to have great
efforts made to keep up the agitation, similar to
that of 1848 and '49, which came very near dis-
solving the Union. The Americans stand be-
tween this cross-firing—they have to grapple with
btfth Republicans ana Democrats—but they feel
that they are strong in their national, conserv-
ative sentiments—strong in their candidates—
strong in their duty to me Constitution and the
Union, and that they will win popular strength
from all who would hot see the Government des-
troyed in sectional strife.
admission of kansas.
SPEECH OF HOiT S. A. DOUGLAS,
of illinois,
Ikt the Senate, Jlpril 4,1856.
Mr. Collamer having concluded his speech on
the bill reported from the Committee on Territo-
ries to authorize the people of the Territory of
Kansas to form a constitution and State govern-
ment, preparatory to their admission into the
Union when they have the requisite population—
Mr. DOUGLAS said: I do not propose to go
into a general discussion of this subject to-day;
but there are a faw points in the course of the
remarks indulged inby the Senator from Vermont
which it becomes my duty to notice. I do not
wish to be understood as intimating that, in the
general, the Senator has not conducted the dis-
cussion in a spirit of courtesy and kindness—on
the contrary, 1 take pleasure in saying that he
treated the various topics in a temper and good
humor worthy of imitation. I agree with him
that, in the discussion of great principles of public
policy, harsh terms and offensive epithets should
not be indulged. But I do not perceive the rele-
vancy of his lecture in the conclusion of his
speech against the use of the terms " Black Re-
publicans" and " Black Republicanism," which,
he fears, is calculated to lower the standing and
character of the Senate in the country, ana with
foreign countries.
Mr. COLLAMER. I did not say that the
Senator from Illinois used any term of that kind.
Mr. DOUGLAS. Of course not; neither will
my remarks apply to the Senator from Vermont.
He has said that the word " Black Republican "
has been used, and that it is not well to make the
people of Europe imagine or suppose that all those
gentlemen who are opposed to the Nebraska bill
are BlaclfaRepublicans. Let the Senator remem-
ber that the watchword of the party with which
he acts is opposition to the " dictation and aggres-
sions of the slave power!" The leaders of that
party can find no more choice and elegant ex-
pressions by which to designate the Democratic
Senators, even in debate here, than "do^gh-fa^ea
and tools of the slave power!"
Mr. COLLAMER, Have; I said anything of
that kind,'
Mr. DOUGLAS. Not at all, sir. It is said
by this party that the Nebraska bill was passed
through the Senate in obedience to the dictation
of the slave power; that, although it received a
majority of the votes of all the Senators from the
North, a majority of the South, a majority of the
Whjg party, and a majority of the Democratic
party in the Senate', they all acted in subserv-
iency to the slave power! Now, would you
like to have it go all over Europe and all over the
world, that the Senate is governed by the slave
power?
Mr. COLLAMER. I have said nothing of
the kind.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I Jcnow that; but the gentle-
man has been criticising the use of the word
" Black Republican." He says that he did not
refer to me when he alluded to it. Then, as I am
criticising the use of the word "slave power,"
and he did not use it, of course I do not refer to
him. Why does he complain ? We are each
sneaking in general terms.
| Mr. COLLAMER. I used no such term.
I Mr. DOUGLAS, The gentleman had a right
| to criticise the use of the word " Black Repub-
I lican," and he Says that he did not allude to me.
Mr. COLLAMER. I do not remember to hava
heard the Senator use the term.
Mr. DOUGLAS. Then, why does the gentle-
man complain of ray criticising the use of the
word " slave power, when I do not attribute its
use to him? I only wish to show that, when
gentlemen come to read lectures to us about the
courtesies of debate, they had better criticise and
admonish their own political friends. Before
Senators read lectures to this side of the Cham-
ber, in regard to the terms which should be used
in debate, they had better arrest the progress of
that species ot vituperation and abuse which has
been indulged in so freely by their own coadju-
tors on the other side. These lectures will come
with better grace, and we may receive them with
more favor, when they shall have been applied
to the Senators on the other side of the Chamber
who may have deserved them, and who, it is to
be hopea, will profit by them. Let the reformation
begin at home Let them correct their own house-
hold before they interfere with ours. However,
this c®urse shows that they are consistent with
their own professions, at l?ast on the point that
they prefer " foreign interference ana officious
intermeddling with other people's business," as
illustrated by the principles of tJie minority report,
to that other principle of " non-intervention"
which teaches every community to mind their
own business and let their neighbor's alone, ac-
cording to the doctrines of the majority report
and the principles of the Nebraska bill.
Now, sir, I desire to say a few words upon the
point last discussed by the Senator from Vermont,
in which he assumed that the Free-Soilers in Kan-
sas organized resistance to the local laws, and
formed a constitution and State government only
for the purpose of applying for admission into
the Union, and that all their proceedings were
conditional upon their " acceptance and ratification
by Congress. The Senator from Vermont seems
to be under the impression that the majority of
the committee in their report, and I in my speech
vindicating their report, have taken the ground
that it was no part of the purpose of the Free-
Soilers in Kansas, in forming the constitution and
State government, to apply for admission into the
Union.
Mr. COLLAMER. I understood that to be the
leading feature of the report on that point.
Mr. DOUGLAS. NotatalL We show that
they took these proceedings with the view of ap-
plying for admission into the Union in the first
instance; and in the event of their rejection by
Congress, with the ultimate purpose of resisting
the laws and subverting the Government by force
and violence, which Congress had established in
the Territory. Their movement contemplated the
two alternatives, and, anticipating failure in the
first, they resolved that, "in the mean time,"
they would prepare for the latter by organizing
ana disciplining military companies, and provid-
ing arms and munitions of war! Hence they
resolved that they would submit only for a time,
while they could try peaceable means, by apply-
ing to the courts and to Congress; and in th®.
event of failure, in the proper tribunals, which,
event they anticipated and provided against, they
would then " resist to abloodt issoe!" This
was their fixed purpose and ultimate design, as
proclaimed to the world boldly and fearlessly
in the resolutions and proceedings of a conven-
tion composed of delegates from every county in
the Territory, at Big Springs, on. the 5th and 6th,
of September.
How does.the Senator answer that point? By
thrusting in the foreground their proposed appli-
cation to Congress for admission, and carefully
concealing the fact that they had resolved, in the
event of their application being rejected by Con-
fress, to resist to a bloody issue! He does not
eny the undeniable fact, that theydid resolve to
resist the constituted authorities in that event.
He does not 4eny the authenticity of the speech
of Governor Reeder in the convention, while ac-
cepting the nomination for Congress, (as con-
tained in the majority report,) in which he said
that, in the event of failure " in the proper tri-
bunals," then " there i  one more chance for
justice;" " God has provided in the eternal frame
of things, redress for every wrong;" that " there
remains ta us still the steady, eye and, the stren& trmj"
