1094
. THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 2,
Mr, BUTLER. Those rifles are now better
known as Beecher's Bibles.
Mr. BENJAMIN. Mr. President, is there
not something significant in this ? Does not the
simple statement of this fact establish conclu-
sively upon which side is the right? Whatman,
confident of his title, ever hesitated to submit it
to the Supreme Court of the United States? What
man, conscious of the weakness of his preten-
sions, did not dre£d to submit those pretensions
to that tribunal? Let the people of the country
compare the attitude of the two sections of the
Confederacy on this subject, and let them draw
their own inference.
The next proposition to which I wish very
briefly to advert is one which emanates from the
distinguished author of almost every heresy that
appears on this subject. The honorable Senator
from New York [Mr. Seward] has thought
proper to tell tife that " slavery is an outlaw under
the law of nations." Well, sir, that will bespread
through the machinery of the Federal post office.
It is printed in your Globe. It will be read prob-
ably oy millions of people who know nothing
whatever in relation to the law of nations; but
they will think that a man of the eminent reputa-
tion of the distinguished Senator from New York
as a lawyer and as a statesman, could not possi-
bly, before the Senate of the United States, assert
a principle of the law of nations so broadly and
so unqualifiedly, unless it were correct. Sir, it
has done its mischief, and it will do more. No
such faint voice as mine can follow it to every
village, to every hamlet, to every cottage to which
it has spread. Still it is not improper, as these
propositions in turn are made, that in turn they
should be refuted. Mine be the easy task on this
one—too easy to merit the least credit.
I refer to but a single volume. This is not the
place for elaborate discussion on legal questions.
I therefore refer to a single work by an American
author, the most recent on the law of nations, m
I his country, and he tells us that the honorable
Senator from New York, when he says that
slavery is an outlaw under the law of nations,
has taken up'and adopted a principle that Great
Britain attempted to establish as the basis of her
right of search for a quarter of a century—a prin-
ciple which was constantly repudiated and rejected
by those who managed tin5 negotiations m behalf
of this country—a principle which was put down
by John duincy Adams, who, I imagine, will j
scarccly be repudiated as authority upon any ;
Question touching the abolition of slavery by gen-:
tlemen identified either with the Republican or
Abolitionist party. He tells us this, not only on
the faith of the negotiations between the two
Governments, but he proves that our Govern-
ment was right, not merely by citations of dis-
tinguished authors on national law, but by the
adjudications of the courts of justice of the high-
est class abroad and at home. That has been
declared to be the law by the high court of Ad-
miralty of Great Britain; that has been declared
to be the law by the couitof King's Bench of
Great Britain; and finally, in our owe Supreme
Court that sits below us, it was held (the vener-
able Chief Justice Marshall delivering the opinion
of the court) that slavery was not an outlaw
under the law of nations; that slavery was pro-
tected by the law of nations; nay, sir, that the
horrible slave trade which we have proscribed—
which we have denounced as piracy in our stat-
utes, is protected by the law of nations. I refer
the Senator, if he desires to see where the author-
ities are collected on the subj"ct, to Wheaton's
Treatise on the Law of Nations, pages 632 and
following. I will, however, request our Secre-
tary to read a passage from the decision of Chief
Justice Marshall, which is copied on the 635th
page.
The Secretary read the extract as follows:
li But tiom th« earliest tunes war bad existed, and war
conferred rights m which all had acquipsccd Amon" tho
most enlightened nations of antiquity one of these rights
was, that the victor might enslave the vanquished. rfhat
which was the oi all nauon^ could not he pionouueed
repugnant to the Jaw of nations, winch was cerramlyto he
tried by the tost of general u.^age. That which had received
The assent of .ill must be the law of all.
" Slaveiy, then, had its origin in foree ; but as the world
had agreed that it was the legitimate ies ult of foice, the
state of things winch was thus produced by general consent
cou'd not bo pronounced unlawful.
Throughout Christendom this harc-h rule had been ex-
ploded, and v? ar ua. no longer conridercd as giving aright
to enslave captives. But this triumph had not been uni-
versal. The parties to the modern law of nations do not
propagate their principles by force ; and Africa had not yet
adopted them- Throughout the whole extent of that im-
mense continent, so far as we. know its history, it is still the
Jaw of nations, that prisoners are slaves. The question
then was, could those who had renounced this law be per-
mitted to participate in its cft'ectd by purchasing the human
beings who are its victims ?
" Whatever might be the answer of a moralist to this
question, a jurist must search for its legal solution in those
principles which are sanctioned by the usages, the national
acts, and the general assent of that portion of the world of
which he considers himself a part, and to whose law the
appeal is made. If we resort to this standard as the test of
international law, the question must be considered as de-
cided in favor of the legality of the trade. Both Europe and
America embarked in it, and for nearly two centuries it was
carried on without opposition and without censure. A
jurist could not say that a practice thus supported was ille-
gal, and that those engaged in it might be punished either
personally or by deprivation of property."
Mr. BENJAMIN. Now, Mr. President, I
oppose the authority of Chief Justice Marshall,
on a question of international law, to the dictum
of the honorable Senator from New York.
It is a matter which excites the deepest interest
in our minds to inquire what are the motives of
this constant, cruel, unrelenting warfare which is
waged by some of the people of the North against
the rights of the South. What interest, have they
in the question whether or not a slave shall be
moved from Louisiana or South Carolina to Kan-
sas? Regard for the slave is not the motive;!
that is clear. That was once used as a pretext,
but having lost its force it is now abandoned
from very shame. No man proposes to increase
the number of slaves. No man can pretend for
an instant that it is hurtful to the slave that his
master should have the choice of leaving one loca-
tion, where his fortunes are adverse, and seeking
another where they may be favorable, because
on that may depend the physical comfort and
ample supply of necessaries for the slave. The
motive is not the interest of the slave at all.
Why, sir. what better proof do we want than
this fact? Tliis. very faction—this very Kansas
faction, of which certain gentlemen on this floor
are the exclusive supportcis and friends, and
about which tlioy are now making all the noise
that is made in the country—has done, and is now
doing avowedly everything within its power to
prevent the freedom of slaves. What has it in its
power? The only thing that it can possibly do
towards securing the freedom of the slave, is to
offer a refuge for the emancipated slave. Every-
body knows that one of tiie chief obstacles to be
overcome in the South towards the emancipation
of the slave, is to find a refuge for him. Here is
a virgin soil, and there are tens of thousands of
acrcs of ground for every individual who can be
found within its limits. It wants nothing so much
as population. The South has slaves, and many
; southern slaveholders have slaves that they are
i ready to emancipate; but the southern laws think
: it dangerous that the two classes of colored popu-
lation should be kept together. Yet this very
Kansas faction, which could offer a refuge to those
liberated and emancipated slaves, uses the very
first instant, when it can evince its intentions by
the passage of an enactment, to pass a constitu-
tional provision prohibiting liberated slaves from
entering within its borders. Conduct like this is
ample for the purpose of evincing the motives
which actuatc the minds of men who are guilty
of it. 1 say, once more, oil the question of the
interest which the North has on the subject, that
it is not regard to the slave. That is proven; no
man can deny it. Now, that that pretext has
been abandoned, what are the others?
Sir, if this were not a very grave subject, it
would be amusing to listen to the frivolous pre-
texts which have been put forth by Senators on
this floor to justify their conduct towards the
South. The honorable Senatorfrom Now Hamp-
shire [Mr. Hale J has a tender conscience, and
is very much exorcised for fear that the people
who will live one hundred years hence in Kansas,
may look back and find that he did not help to
keep slavery out, and will curse his memory!
There is one motive. The honorable Senator
who sits alongside of him, the Senator from Iowa,
[Air. Harlan,] can by no possibility consent to
degrade himself by working in a State where
slaves work. That may, as he says, be thought
by us to be sickly sentimentality, but still it is a
deep-seated fr-Hing in hiaboiom. He would con-
sider himself degraded if he put his hand to any
work in any region of country where a slave was
working! There is another pretext for waging
this war on the South; whilst the honorable Sen-
atorfrom Massachusetts [Mr. Wilson] contents
himself with a general shriek for " freedom over
God's heritage," forgetting, overlooking the in-
formation which he ought to have given the Sen-
ate, how his particular desire for "freedom over
God's heritage M was to be gratified, or its grati-
fication implied by the removal of a slave from
one State to another.
The flimsy nature of these pretexts suffices to
show that there is another motive behind; and that
motive has been avowed in the other House much
more candidly than in this. The motive is a
struggle for power—for political power—for the
chance of subverting that equality of the States
to which I have adverted; not for power in the
other branch, because whether a slave is in Lou-
isiana or in Kansas, he is equally entitled to be
i counted in the basis of Federal representation,
| and the number of Federal Representatives would
i be the same. The struggle is for power here, on
! this floor. It was triumphantly avowed, the other
day, by tho Senator from Massachusetts. He
told us, with a smile of conscious superiority
which is so becoming him, that the North would
take this matter into itsown hands; it would thin
out around here, and send men who would follow
his lead and show the country what a true Dem-
ocratic administration would be. Ay, sir, it is
a struggle for power in this body; and for what
purpose? My honorable friend from Alabama,
[Mr. Clay,] in the masterly speech which he
delivered the other day in the Senate, drew back
tho curtain behind which these conspirators are
endeavoring to sap the very foundations of the
Constitution of their country. The object is to
attain such power as shall put these parties in
possession of sufficient representation, in both
branches of Congress, to change the Federal Con-
stitution, and to deprive the South of that repre-
sentation which is already inadequate to protect
her rights. When that shall have been done—
when she is reduced to a feeble'minority, utterly
| incompetent to move hand or foot, and bound
j! subserviently to the will of the North—then will
the last act of the drama be played; and then will
the Abolition sentiments which they hide now, $
but which they entertain in their heart of hearts,
be developed to the country, and ruin and deso-
lation spread over fifteen of the States of this
Union. That is the object—disguised, concealed,
but transparent through the flimsy veil by which
they attempt to conceal their nefarious purposes.
Now, Mr. President, this being the sole motive
for which the North is struggling—the acquisi-
tion of power—will the Senate permit me to be-
so far wanting in respect for its intelligence, as to
say a few words in comparison of the interests
which the South holds in this atakc? Property,
safety, honor—existence itself-—depend on the
decision of the questions which are now pending
in tlus Congress—property for $2,000,000,000*
cannot purchase at a low average price, the
slaves which now belong to the people of the
South, whilst no human calculation can reach the
estimate of the destruction of other property
which would neceesarily be involved in any
measure which should deprive us of our slaves;
safety, because our population, now kept in prop-
er subjection, peaceful and laborious, would be
converted into an idle, reckless, criminal popula-
tion, eager for rapine and murder, led on to their
foul purposes by inflamed passions,—passions in-
flamed by fanatical' emissaries from another por-
tion of a common country, who formed a com-
mon government to cherish brotherly feeHngs;
honor, because we should be degraded from our
position of free, sovereign, self-dependent States,
into a servile subserviency to northern will; ex-
istence, ay, existence itself, because the history *
of Iiayti is written in characters so black, so
dark, so prominent, that we cannot be ignorant
of the fate that awaits us if measures similar to
those which have produced that result there, are
also to be inaugurated in our southern States.
Now, Mr. President, when we see these two
inteiests contrasted—the North struggling for
the possession of a power to which she has no
legitimate claim under the Constitution, for the
sole purpose of abusing that power,—the South
struggling for property, «honor, safety—all that
is dear to man—tell me if the history of the world
