THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
? 4 "V,
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN C?RIVES, WASHINGTO.N, D. C;
Thirty-Fourth Congress, 1st Session.
SATURDAY, AUGUST 9, 185G.
New Series. .. .No/ VM~.
NAVAL APPROPRIATION BILL.
A message from the Housp of Representatives,
by Mr. Barclay, Assistant Clerk, announced the
passage of a bill making appropriations for the
support of the Navj> for the year ending June
30, 1857.
On motion of Mr. HUNTER, it was read
twice by its title, and referred to the Committee
on Finance.
ARMY APPROPRIATION BII/L.
Mr. HUNTER. I now renew my motion to
postpone all prior orders for the purpose of taking
up the Army appropriation bill.
Mr. CLAYTON. I ca
nays.
call for the yeas and
The yeas and nays were ordered; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 35, nays 4; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Allen, Bayard, Bell of New Uampshire,
Biggs, Brodhead, Brown, Clay, Collamer, Dodge, Douglas,
Durkee, Evans, Fessenden, Fitzpatnck, Foot, Foster,
Geyer, Hailan, Hunter, Jverson. James, Maliory, Masonf
Peaice, Pratt, Reid, Sebastian, Shdell, Stuart,Thompson o,
Kentucky, Thomson of New Jersey, Trumbull, Weller,
Wilson, and Wright—3o.
NAYS—Messrs. Clayton, Seward, Wade, and Yulee—1.
So the motion was agreed to; and the Senate
proceeded, as in Committee of the Whole, to con-
sider the bill (H. R. No. 153) making appropri-
ations for the support of the Army for the year
ending 30th June, 1857, which was reported from
the Committee on Finance, with an amendment
to strike out the following clause:
Pi ovided, nevertheless, That no part of the military force
of the ITnit<\t Skates heiem provided for shall bo employed
in aid of the enfoi cement of the enactments of the alleged
Legislative A^-miblv of the Territory of Kansas, recently
assembled at Shawnee Misbiou, until Congies*. Mia.ll have
enacted euhei that it was or win nor n v:<hd Legislative As-
sembly , cho-en, m conformity with the organic law. by the
people os the paid Temtorj: jind proiulcrl, That, until
t'ohgKSj? shall have pa^ed upon the validity oi the >aid
LesMative Assembly of Kansas. it shaH be the duty of the
President to u>e the military foice m haicl Ttiritoi.v to pie-
serve the p^aee, >uppre>s insurrection, repel invasion, and
pioteet patrons and property therein and upon the national
highways, m the State of Missouri or elsewhere, hom un-
lawful seizures and t-earehes.
•And be it further provided, That the Pi evident is required
to di?>aim the present organized militia of the Temtory of
Kansas, to lecall all the United States arms therein distrib-
uted, and to prevent aimed men liom gomg i/ito the >.aid
Terutory todi-tuib the public peace, or to aid m the enfoice-
ment or resistance of real oi pretended law.
Mr. FESSENDEN moved to amend the pro-
vision proposed to be stricken out, by substituting
the words, " recall all the United States arms
heretofore distributed to the militia and people of
the Territory of Kansas," for the words, " dis-
arm the present organized militia of the Terri-
tory of Kansas, to recall the United States arms
therein distributed.'5
The amendment was rejected by the following
vote: ,,
YEAS — Messrs. Bell of New Hampshire, Bell of Ten-
nessee?, Clayton, Collamer, Durkee, Fessenden, Foot,
Foster, Hajlan, Seward, Trumbull, Wade, and Wilson—in.
NAYfcS—Me^r.-. Allen, Bayasd, Bfcgs, Bright, Brodhead,
Brown, Butler. Clay. Douglas, Fitzpatuek, Cover, Hunter,
Iveroon, Jones of Lowa, Jone* of Teuues6.ee, Maliory,
Mason, Pe.iree, Pratt, Reid, Sebastian, Shdell, Stuan,
Thompson of Kentucky, Thomson of New Jersey, Weller,
Wright, and Yulee—28.
The amendment of the committee was debated
by Messrs. HUNTER, WILSON, WADE,
THOMPSON of Kentucky, TRUMBULL,
JONES of Tennessee, BUTLER, FESSEN-
DEN, and DOUGLAS. [This debate will be
found in the Appendix.]
The Senate proceeded to take the vote by yeas
and nays. During the call of the roll the follow-
ing explcumtions were made:
Mr. CLAY. I wish to state that my colleague
[Mr. Fitzpatrtck] has paired off with Governor
Fish, of New York, at his instance and request,
he being sick.
Mr. SEWARD. I hope I may be indulged in
saying, on behalf of my colleague, that he is very
unwell, and obliged to remain at home. Gov-
ernor Fitzpatrick is in the same condition, and
they have agreed to pair off.
Mr. PRATT. Would he vote against this
proposition ?
124
Mr. SEWARD. Governor Fish would vote
against this amendment if lie were here. I am
authorized by him to say so.
.Mr. ALLEN. I voted against the Nebraska
bill, and against the repeal of the Missouri com-
promise, and I have not since seen any cause to
regret the votes which I gave on those occasions.
I cannot consent, however, to sustain the propo-
sition attached by the House of Representatives
to the bill, making the neccssary appropriations
for the military forces of the country.
Mr. STUART. Before the result is announced,
I ask the indulgence of the Senate to state, in
behalf of my colleague, [Mr. Cass,] that he is
necessarily absent from the Senate to-day. He
wished me to state that, if ho were here, he
would vote for the amendment proposed by the
Committee on Finance.
Mr. BUTLER. Perhaps it is due to my col-
league, [Mr. Evans,] for me to say that he is m
such ill health that he has not been able to re-
main here. If he were here, he would add to the
majority to sustain this amendment.
The result was announced, as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Adams, Allen, Bavard, Bell of Tennes-
see, Biggs. Bnght, Brodhead, Fmleu Clay, Clayton. Doug-
la^, Geyu, Hunter, iver.-on, Jone.- of lowa, Jones of Ten-
nessee, Maliory, Mason, Piatt, I'u^'i, Reid,'Seua>uan, Sh-
dell, Stuait, Thompc-on of Kentucky, Thomson of New
Jerscv, Weller, Wnght, and Yulee—29.
NAYS—Messr?. Collamer. Fe-^enden, Foot, Foster,
Harlan, Seward, Trumbull, Wadf, and WiKon—9.
So the amendment was agreed to. The bill
was reported to the Senate as amended, and the
amendment was concurrcd in, and ordered to be
engrossed, and the bill to be read a third time.
It was read a third time. On its passage,
Mr. SEWARD called for tho yeas and nays;
and they were ordered.
Mr. SEWARD addressed the S^mteal length,
and was followed by Mr. STUART. [See Ap-
pendix for their speeches.]
Mr. FOOT. All. President, it is mv purpose
and my desire to avail mys"lf < {* an apmoprtate
opportunity to address the S« nate, at some con-
siderable length, upon the general and engrossing
topic of existing affairs in Knns i*, and the causes
in which the present difficulties originated. We
have had a very protracted session for this day,
and the hour is late. [Ten minutes past nine
o'clock, p. m.] I am weary; I know the Senate
is weary; and I am exceedingly reluctant to pro-
tract the session for the night. I am also aware
of the amount and pressure of the public business
on the consideration of this, as of the other
branch of Congress, in these the expiring days
of our session. 1 shall not, therefore, ask for the
postponement of the consideration of this ques-
tion until to-morrow for my personal accommo-
dation, though that will be acceptable to me, if it
be acceptable to the honorable vSenator from Vir-
ginia and other Senators present. I will say,
however, that, as it is understood cenerully in the
Senate, by a sort of arrangement entered into
to-4ay, that Saturday, after an executive session,
shall be assigned to the honorable Senator from
New Jersey, and the honorable Senator from
Tennessee, I will avail myself of that opportunity,
and forego the present occasion, if by general
understanding and consent 1 may be allowed to
follow those gentlemen m the expression of my
views.
Mr. HUNTER. We shall hear the Senator
with great pleasure on Saturday. ] hope he will
consent to postpone his remarks until then
Mr. FOOT. I yield the floor now with that
understanding. [" Certeinly.v]
Air. THOMPSON, of Kentucky. I readily
agree to the proposition of the gentleman from
Vermont; but I give notice that I shall claim the
right, at some future day, to answer some of these
Saturday speeches. I do not presume that I shall
have anything to say m response to the gentleman
from Vermont; but there may be some speeches
delivered on Saturday which, whether present
or absent on that day, I may desire thereafter to
answer.
The question being taken by yeas and nays on
the passage of the bill as amended, resulted—
yeas 27, nays 8; as follows: *• : :-~
YEAS—-Messrs. Adams, Alien, Bayard, Biggs, Bright,
Brown, Butler, Clay, Douglas, Geycr, Hunter, tveison,
James, Jones of Iowa, MalloTy, Pearce, Pratt, l>a h, Eoid,
Sebastian, Slidell, Stuart, Thompson of Kentuekss Tlionr-
soiyrf New Jersey, VFcller, Wright, and Vile®—27. . .
NAYS—Messrs. Durkee, Foot; Foster, Harlan, Seward*,
Trumbull, Wade, ami Wilson—8.
Mr. WELLER. I give notice that to-morrow
morning I shall ask the Senate to take up a little
bill which has been pending for sometime, com-
monly known as the Pacific railroad bill; ,ajid
now I move an adjournment.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate ad-
journed.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Thursday, August 7,1856.
The House met at eleven o'clock, a. m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. Daniel Waldo.
The SPEAKER stated that there was- no
quorum present; but, if no objection was made,
the Clerk would read the Journal of yesterday.
CALL OF THE HOUSE.
Mr. LETCHER objected, and moved that there
be a call of the House; which motion was agreed
to.
The roll was accordingly called; and-the fol-
lowing members failed to answer to1 their names:
Messrs. Aiken, Barksdale, Bell, Hendiey S. Bennett,
Bmgham. Bocock, Bowie, Boyce, Branch, Brooks, Broom,
Burhngarne, Burnett, Caruthers, Caskie, Childs, Bayard
Clarke, Clawson, Howell Cobb, Colfax, Craige, CuHeo,
DamrcJl, Henry Winter Davis. De Witt, Dowdell, Edie,
Edmundson, Klliotf, English, Evan1?, Florence,
Foster, Henry M. Fuller, Thomas J. i). Fuller, Augustus
Hall, Robert 15. Flail, J. Morrison Harris, Sampson W.
Harris., Tlioma-j L. Harris, Harrison, Herbert, Thomas R.
liorton, Howard, George W. Jones, Keitt, Kelly, Kennett,
Lake,Lumpkin,Samuel S, Marshall, McMullin, McQueen,
Mvaeham, Moore, Andiew Oliver, Mordeeai Oliver, Orr,
Packer, Pame, Pelton, Pennington, Pettit, Porter, Powell,
Reade, Uieaud, Roberts, Sa<re, j?undulge, Savage, "Scott,
Samuel A. Smith, Stephens, Btewari, Stranahan, Talbottu
Trafton, Underwood, Vail, Wakeflaan, Welch, WeiW,
Wheeler, Woodworth, and Daniel B. Wright.
One hundred and forty-two members having -
answered to their names, all further proceedings
under the call were, by unaninlous consent, dis-
pensed with; and the Journal of yesterday was
read and approved.
Mr. LETCHER said that he had been requested
to state that Mr. Burnett had been confined to
his room for several days by indisposition, and
that he had paired off with Mr. Robison.
CAPITOL AND POST OFFICE EXTENSIONS.
The SPEAKER laid before the House a mes-
sage from the President of the United States,
transmitting a communication from the Secretary
of War, in reply to the resolution of the House
requesting information in regard to the construc-
tion of the Capitol and Post Office extensions;
which was referred to the select committee on the
subject, and ordered to be printed.
EVENING SESSIONS.
Mr. ETHERIDGE. Mr. Speaker, I ask the
unanimous consent of the House that the reso-
lution for evening -sessions be extended to the
remaining evenings of the present week. Several
gentlemen, who have not spoken,desire to speak
to the questions generally aiscussed at the even-
ing sessions, and I hope there will be no objec-
tion to the proposition.
Mr. HOUSTON. 1 do not see the chairman
of the Committee of Ways and Means in his
place, and I am unwilling that the proposition
shall be acted on until he is here. So far as I
am concerned, I am opposed to^ further night
sessions, except for the consideration of the busi-
ness of the country. The gentleman from Ohio
is now here, and he can speak for himself.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio. Air. Speaker,
we can easilyget along with the business, if gen-
tlemen will remain in attendance on the House.
At two o'clock, yesterday, we were without a
quorum, and a great deal of time was unneces-
sarily consumed in calling the roll. I am willing
