1096
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
notes would justify me; but I do not feel able to
continue to the end of what I had to say. Before
I take my seat, however, I must trespass on the
attention of the Senate for a few moments with an
explanation of my political position, in order to
avoid all misconstruction upon the subject!
When in the month of January, 1852, I was
honored by an election to a seat on this floor,
there existed in this country but two great parties,
divided in opinion upon political questions, differ-
ing in their views as to the measures best calcu-
lated to promote the. common interests of the
country, but both united in a devotion to those
common interests, both scorning, both rejecting
with horror any proposition tending to instill into
the minds of the people the faintest suspicion that
the powers of this Government could be constitu-
tionally wielded for the exclusive benefit of one
section of the country to the exclusive detriment
of another.
In the presidential contest which followed, no
man labored with better will or with more un-
wearied assiduity than I did, in opposition to the
election of the present Chief Magistrate. In doing
this, I was but faithful to the political antece-
dents of my entire life, faithful to tho principles of
that glorious old "Whig party, which, in my judg-
ment, was the true conservative party of the
country, adhering to the traditions of the fathers,
rejecting every innovation on their time-honored
precepts, holding up the example of a Washing-
ton as the model of a wise administration of pub-
lic affairs; and whether victorious or vanquished,
ever treading tho path of duty with unfaltering
courage, led by such men as their Clay and then-
Webster.
In thatcontest wo wore beaten—beaten byama-
jority almost unparalleled in our political annals.
One of the principal causes of that defeat is but
too well known. The masses of the people of
this country could not overcome their invincible
repugnance to voting for the gallant Scott, so soon
as it was known that he was the favorite candi-
date of the honorable Senator from New York.
Rightly or wrongfully, justly or unjustly, that
Senator had succeeded in instilling into the minds
of the people of fifteen States of this Confederacy
the deep-seated conviction that he was a most
dangerous enemy to the harmony of the Union
and to the perpetuity of its institutions. The
bare suggestion that tile election of the Whig
nominee would be followed by a perilous influence
on. his part over the councils of the Administra-
tion, sufficed to secure for the Democratic nominee
an almost undivided southern vote.
Sir, I do not speak my own convictions alone;
I speak the convictions of almost every southern
leader that 1 know, when I say that a violent
opposition on the part of that Senator to the elec-
tion of General Scott would have secured for lum
many electoial votes which were cast for his
Democratic rival.
When wo met on this floor on the 4th of March,
1853, at the special session convoked by the new
President, it became necessary to nominate com-
mittees for this body; and in the Whig caucus
which assembled for that purpose, nineteen Sen-
ators were present. It was a minority, indeed;
but a minority whoso attitude commanded the
respectofeven its political opponents. Gracefully
yielding to the recently-expressed will of the
people, yet watchful guardians of the principles
of which they were tho chosen expounders, they
refrained from aught thatcould bear the semblance
of factious opposition, but ever ready to sound
the note of alarm whenever, in their judgment,
the course or policy of tho Administration might
threaten^ danger to the interests of the country.
This was the attitude of parties when the
honorable Senator from Illinois introduced into
this body the bill for the organization of the !
Kansas and NebraskaTerritories Sir, no sooner !
had the discussions opened upon that bill, than 1
some startling developments took place. On an
amendment offered to the bill by the honorable
Senator from Massachusetts, [Mr. Sumner,] in
which he proposed to strike out everything after
the enacting clause, and to insert a provision for
the repeal of the fugitive slave law, six northern
Whig Senators voted for the proposition. As
the debates continued in both Houses, and the
con tes tgrew hot, this further fact was developed—
that there was not a member of the Whig party
North, in either branch, who did not believe in
May 2,
the power of Congress to legislate on tho subject
of slavery in the Territories, and who was not
disposed to exercise that power to the exclusion
of the South.
A vote like this, given with such unprecedented
unanimity, could not be taken by the South for
anything but the just reflex of the opinion of the
constituency represented by those who were in
Washington. The discovery of this fact, like
the explosion of a mine, rent the Whig party
into fragment—fragments that no mortal skill can
ever reunite, for the cement of a common prin-
ciple is wanting.
Scarcely had that bill been passed, when,
amidst tlie turmoil and confusion created by the
excitod appeals addressed to northern passions
and prejudices, by those who assumed the leader-
ship of the opposition to the bill, secret whispers
began to be heard of somo new organization that
was to rise into power from the ruins of both the
old parties. Mysterious movements attracted
the curiosity of the people. An eager desire to
learn what these movements meant operated on
weak minds. The paraphernalia of grips and
signs and passwords and degrees, and lodges,
tickled the vulgar fancy. Above all, the neces-
sity felt for some central point around which, as
a nucleus, all the scattered elements of the oppo-
sition to the Administration could crystalize into
shape or form, lent a sudden growth to the new
organization. It became formidable. Reflecting
men began to inquire what were its objects and
purposes. When I returned home to Louisiana, I
found four fifths of the Whigs enrolled in its ranks;
but yet my most earnest inquiry did not succeed
in furnishing me information as to the principles
of their lodges. Before I left Washington, it had
been said that Native Americanism was the lead-
ing principle of this party, but others assured me
that this was but a mask, and I was told, from
parties in whoso judgment I had reliance, that the
true parents of this new birth weie New England
prejudices against Catholicism and against sla-
very. I did not like the parent; I did not believe
in the brood.
When in Louisiana these facts were suggested
to tho people, tiny were treated with scornful
incredulity; and southern Catholics andsouthern
slaveholders enrolled themselves by thousands
in the ranks of the new party. Fortunately for
the good of the country, the sudden and over-
whelming successes of the new party in some of
the northern States emboldened it to throw off
the mask; and in the celebrated Philadelphia con-
vention the hideous features of this vcile^ prophet
were displayed in all their naked deformity.
There the entire Louisiana delegation were i°-no-
miniously expelled from the portals of°the
convention because they professed the Catholic
religion. There, sir, it was openly avowed that
the object of the organization was not simply to
repeal or amend the naturalization laws for the
futiue, but it was avowed that they intended to
strike at rights already acquired; that their object
was to divide the citizens of this country into
two classes, unequal in their rights—a project as
hostile to the true theory and principle of the
Constitution as is the present project of dividing
the States into unequal classes.
There, sir, this party, miscalled "national,"
after long, and angry, and violent debate, finally
succeeded in adopting into the platform-its cele-
brated twelfth section—a meagre recognition of
southern rights, adopted almost exclusively by
southern votes—scarcely adopted before it was
repudiated by the protest of the northern dele-
gates, followed by the repudiation of a majority '
of the northern lodges, who, m the stupid inso-
lence of their temporary success, boasted that
they did not want the South. They want it now,
sir.
No sooner had the views and purposes of this
party become displayed by the action of the Phil-
adelphia convention, than my path of duty was
clear. In an address to my constituents, I in-
formed them of what I had heard before leaving
Washington. I stated my belief that the purpose
of the rnachinery of this party would be used for
elevating to power the worst enemies of the South.
I pointed out the hostility of the organization to
southern rights; its hostility to freedom of con-
science and religious belief. I went further, and
expressed the conviction that the northern Know
iNothings would coalesce with the northern Abo-
litionists, and that by their united action they
Would force on a crisis, on the result of which
would depend the destiny of this country. I pre-
dicted that they would tack to the appropriation
bills some Abolitionist proviso which could not
become a law without the instant disruption of
the Union.
Several thousand Whigs in my State took the
same view of the condition of public affairs that
I did. Some refrained from voting; otherB at-
tended Democratic meetings; advocated openly
the success of the Democratic ticket; and the
result was a decisive Democratic victory in the
State of Louisiana. Time has yet to test the ac-
curacy of my predictions about the appropriation
bills. I may, however, be permitted to say, that
a speech has been publicly circulated, attributed
to the honorable Senator from New York, said
to have been delivered by him in a meeting of his
party, in which he threatens withholding sup-
plies. I have upon my table a speech delivered
m the other branch of Congress by another leader
of the same party, in which I find this passage:
" T hope, for the ends of justice, and for the promotion
of that peace which is the great desire of every patriot in
the land, if the object cannot be otherwise sceured, that we
shall have a proviso appropriately placed on some of our
appropriation bills, at the right time, restoring freedom to
Kansas and Nebraska; and that there will be found nerve
enough on the part of those gentlemen who talk loudly
about freedom, to stand by their colois. I fear, when the
dollars and cents come in conflict with this lip-love of lib-
erty, of which we have heard and read so much, there will
be some yielding, because appropriations for some cherished
object—some light-house oi breakwater of salt leaves, or
something else—may be likely to miscarry. But if there
be that nerve which there ought to be, we shall move the
Executive and tire Senate ro a concurrence with the popu-
lar will on this subject; or, if they will not concur, slop the
supplies. There is a constitutional remedy—no man can
justly say that is revolutionaiy."
Mr. BUTLER. Whose speech was that?
Mr. BENJAMIN. Mr. Dunn's, of Indiana.
Mr. President, if further proof were wanting that
I had not misconceived nor misstated the objects
and purposes of the northern Know Nothings,
recent events again, at Philadelphia, afford the
amplest justification for what I said to my peo-
ple at home. Why, sir, they held a national
council, and then they abolished the twelfth sec-
tion, and the southern delegates retired; then they
hold a national convention, and nominated a can-
didate suited to the South, and the northern del-
egates retired.
In tho earlier history of this Congress, during
the unprecedented struggle for the organization
of the other House, when every Democratic vote,
North and South, was given in solid column m
support of the Democratic nominee, not one
Northern Know Nothingcould be foundieady to
support a distinguished gentleman of their own
party from the State of Kentucky, of unques-
tioned ability to fulfill the duties of the office.
Finally, ^on the last vote, which carried to the
Speaker's chair a gentleman whose political prin-
ciples are particularly obnoxious to the southern
States, the northern and southern wings of this
new party were as sharply divided and'as hostile
to each other as were ever two antagonistic par-
tics in the history of the Republic.
Mr. President, with what justice, with what
propriety, can a party thus divided on sectional
principles claim for itself the title of " national ?"
The continuance of its organization can do no
good. It is powerless for aught but mischief.
It may succeed now in subserving the purposes
or promoting the interests of that party whose
acknowledged leaders on this floor are the hon-
orable Senator from New York and the two hon-
orable Senators from Massachusetts—it can sub-
serve no other purpose.
And now, sir, when the struggle is narrowed
down to a contest between the Democratic and
Republican parties, I should be recreant to my
trust—recreant to every principle of duty and
feeling of patriotism, if I allowed my conduct to
be influenced by the memory of past party ties,
or past party prejudices. On that question,
whose paramount importance overshadows all
others, the Democratic platform is identical with
that of the old Whig party; and in declaring my
adhesion to tho former, I but change* name, not
principle. I, sir, therefore, declare my purpose
to join the Democratic party. I declai-e my inten-
tion to use the utmost efforts of my feeble abilities
to insure its success. In its triumph—as triumph
it assuredly will—the Constitution of my country
