360
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[April 4,
34th Cong....1st Sess.
Admission of Kansas—J\lr. Douglas.
Senate.
and military, together with the lives and property
of all the inhabitants, at the mercy of a secret
body of armed men, who met and laid their plans
in the darkhour of the night, when honest and un-
suspecting men should Lh>asleep. It illustrates the
true characterof the whole movement. It shows
tliat it possessed all the attributes of a conspiracy;
that its aim was to subvert, by violence and fraud,
the government which Congress had established
in the Territory, instead of peaceably assembling
to petition for the redress of grievances.
The Senator Bays also that there is no evidence
at all that this secret military legion, which he
tries to ridicule, had any connection with the State
movement whatever—that they were not the same
men.
Mr. COLLAMER. I said that I did not know
■whether they were or not.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I will tell you how to as-
certain it. In the charter of the legion appoint-
ing persons to form new lodges you find the name
of '• J. K. Goodin as grand quartermaster." In
the Big Springs convention you find the same J.
K. Goodin. And again you find his name in the
proceedings of the convention at Topeka; so with
many other names which figure conspicuously
and alternately in the secret army and in the pub-
lic meetings and conventions. Hence the Senator
could have known, if he had taken the pains to i
■ have investigated the matter, that the secret mil-
itary organization and the public meetings and
conventions, to which I have had occasion to refer
so often, were managed and controlled by the same
body of men for the accomplishment of a common
object. I now submit the question to the judg-
ment of the Senate, whether I have not fully sus-
tained the position that these movements in Kan-
sas were revolutionary in their character, having
for their object the subversion of the territorial
government established by Congress by a resort
to force and violence, in the event that peaceable
measures should fail to accomplish their objects?
The Senator from Vermont attempts to break the
force of my argument, and at the same time ex-
cuse himself for withholding the most important
r>rtion of the evidence by retorting on me that
have not set out the proceedings of those meet-
ings and conventions iq full in the majority report.
He does not complain that I have not given a fair
abstract of the proceedings of each; but the alle-
gation is, that 1 have not incorporated into it all
the speeches, resolutions, proclamations, ad-
dresses, and unimportant details, which would
have made a vast mass of useless and confused
matter, and swollen the report to such an extent
that it would never have been circulated, much
less read. I made a fair abstract of each case,
and incorporated into the report so much as was
necessary to convey to the Senate and country a
distinct idea of the real character and nature of
the transaction. With the same view he refers j]
to the fact that I did not set out the whole volume : [
of laws enacted by the Kansas Legislature, and
which have been ordered to be printed with the
other papers transmitted to the Senate by the
President. These laws alone constitute a volume
as large as the one I hold in my hand, [holding
op a volume of the United S ta tes Statu tes at Large,
containing more than a thousand pages.] For
what purpose would he have me incorporate those
laws in the report? The report expressly states
that the committee did not deem it any part of
their doty to examine those laws in detail, for
the reason that they were local statutes, confined
in their operation to the Territory of Kansas,
which the Legislature of the Territory might alter
or repeal at pleasure. Of that large volume of j
laws, affecting almost every relation and interest
in life, I have heard but two complained of as
being either unjust or oppressive. Is it not a
curious fact that none of the disturbances or vio-
lence which have occurred in Kansas have arisen
tinder either of these laws—the election law and
the slavery law—although these are constantly
referred to as furnishing excuses for resisting I
other laws, with which they have no connection > 1
If a man is arrested for murder, and is rescued
from the officer by an armed mob, the excuse is
that the Legislature passed an odious law upon
the subject of slavery! If a lawless person is
arrested for burning his neighbor's house, and is 1
rescued from the officer, the justification is found I i
in the fact that the Legislature enacted an election
law which the rioters did not like ! Whenever a
Free-Soiler or a member of the secret military
organization is arrested for a breach of the peace,
or for crime against laws which are held to be
necessary and proper in all civilized countries,
and is rescued from the officer, the excuse is that
the election law and slavery law are odious and
oppressive! I repeat the question: is it not a
remarkable fact, that while these two laws are
made the excuse for resisting all the laws in the
Territory, no case has ever arisen under either of
the statutes complained of—no man has ever been
charged with a violation of either—no prosecu-
tion lias been instituted under either of them?
The reason is, that they are not understood in
the Territory to bear the construction which the
Free-Soilers here desire to place on them, in order
to render them odious, for party purposes. The
Senator from Vermont complains that in the ma-
jority report I have inserted an extract from the
address of a law-and-order convention held at
Leavenworth in November last, and composed of
men of all parties, " Whigs and Democrats, free
State men and pro-slavery men," who were in
favor of suppressing yiolence and maintaining
the supremacy of the laws. That meeting was
presided over by the Governor, assisted by a ma-
jority of the judges of the supreme court of the
Territory, and the United States district attorney
and marshal participated in the proceedings. I
thought it more consistent with fairness and im-
partiality to give the construction placed on those
laws by those whose duty it is to expound and
execute them, than to adopt the construction
which is sought to be pat on them here for parti-
san purposes. Is it not fair to presume that the
judges, Governor, distrit t attorney, and marshal
will expound and execute them in the samesense
in which they explained them on that occasion ?
What is the objection to having them expounded
and executed in that mode? None that I can
conceive of, except that it deprives the anti-Ne-
braska party of tne opportunity of making polit- i
ical capital for the presidential election! The
construction put on those laws by those whose
official duty it is to construe them authoritatively,
deprives them of nearly all their objectionable
features. Why not allow that construction to ;
prevail, and thus render them harmless, if not
useful?
Mr. COLLAMER. I have given no construc-
tion; I stated the laws themselves.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I understand what the Sen-
ator has done. He has stated a part of each of
those laws and omitted the residue. He has
placed a construction upon the parts stated by
him directly the reverse of that given by the con-
stituted authorities of the Territory, and by this
mode of reasoning arrives at the conclusion that
they are intolerably oppressive! If his construc-
tion of them makes them so very objectionable,
why not take the exposition given by the judges
and governor? Let this be done, and people
of the Territory will be relieved from all appre-
hensions, if, indeed, they ever entertained any,
that those laws would be executed in a way that
would be injurious to their interests, obnoxious
to their feelings, or violative of their rights.
But I will not pursue that point further. There
is another which I deem more important. I think
I have said enough to show that this movement
in Kansas is a revolutionary proceeding to over-
throw the territorial government in defiance of
the authority of Congress. The Senator from
Vermont has sought to find precedents in the
cases of Tennessee, Arkansas, or some other new
State, under whose example he hopes to shelter
his Free-Soil friends in Kansas. He says that
these States and some others formed their con-
stitutions without the previous assent of Con-
gress^and were receivedinto the Union notwith-
standing that objection. That is all very true.
But no one of those cases can be cited with any
propriety as a precedent, justifying or palliating
the revolutionary proceedings in Kansas. Each
of those cases is reviewed in the majority report,
and the facts clearly stated, which show that in
every instance the proceedings were had in strict obe-
dience and subordination to the existing territorial
government and conditioned upon the decision of
Congress.
I wish to be distinctly understood upon this
point. Tennessee, Arkansas, Michigan, Florida,
and California, formed their constitutions, and
took the preparatory steps to seek admission into
the Union, without having first obtained the as-
sent of Congress to do so. Of these, all but Cal-
ifornia were duly organized under territorial
governments established by Congress, and Cali-
fornia had a Government de facto, which was
recognized by the Government of the United
States, and administered under its sanction and
direction. In each of these cases the movement
for a State government was made under the direc-
tion of the existing territorial government, and
in subordination to its authority. I repent, there-
fore, that there is no instance in the whole history
of our country which can be tortured into a pre-
cedent with even the appearances of fairness to
justify the attempt in Kansas to set up a Stata
government in confliqj with the existing territo-
rial government, and for the purpose of over-
throwing it in defiance of the authority of Con-
gress. Herein consists a material and fatal point
of difference between the Kansas case and each
I and every other case which has arisen during tho
whole history of this Republic. This radical and
| fatal point of difference is clearly and conclusively
| demonstrated in the majority report, and espe-
cially pressed upon the consideration of the Sen-
ate, and particularly upon the Senator from Ver-
mont, in my speech the other day; in answer to
which he has devoted so much of his speech
to-day. Under these circumstances, is it not
remarkable that he should pass over in silence
this fatal point, both in his report and in his
speech ? Did he forget it ? Did he overlook it ?
Was not his attention especially called to it? He
cited these cases to show that other Territories
had formed their constitutions without the previ-
ous assent of Congress—a fact well known to
the Senate—a fact set forth in detail in the ma-
jority report and in my speech, together with this
i other fact, which is so fatal to his position that,
in every other case, the State movement was in sub-
ordination to the territorial authorities. Why
spend so much time, and put forth such great
efforts, to prove a fact which is conceded, and to
to conceal from view this other fact, upon which
the whole argument rests?
It is true, that the Senator from Vermont quotes
one paragraph from the opinion of Attorney Gen-
eral Butler in the Arkansas case, to the effect that
the Territorial Legislature possessed no authority
to authorize the formation of a constitution and
State government without the assent of Congress;
but he might, and I think ought, in fairness, to
have quoted another paragraph from the same
opinion, that the people proceed, under the Con-
stitution of the United States, peaceably to assem-
ble and petition Government for the redress of
grievances, and, in their petition, might include a
constitution for a State government, with this im-
portant proviso, which the Senator did not deem
it material to bring to the attention of the Senate,
but which I will now read:
"Provided always, That tuck measures shall be com-
menced and prosecuted ina peaceable manner, in strict
subordination to the existing territorial oovern-
! ment, and in entire subserviency to the power of Congress
j to adopt, reject, or disregard them at their pleasure."
| Had tne Senator quoted this proviso in con-
( nection with what he did say on this point, com-
ment from me would have been unnecessary.
I These extracts clearly prove, so far as the legal
j opinion of Benjamin F. Butler can be deemed
authority, that the proceedings in Kansas are
revolutionary, and, when carried to the ultimate
purpose, will constitute an act of open and undis-
guised rebellion!
I will now pass from this point to another of
i still graver import. The Senator from Vermont
has repeated with an air of seriousness the old
and exploded story, that " Kansas has been con-
quered, and a Legislature forced on her by vio-
lence!" He fancies that he has made a discov-
ery—that he has opened a new mine, rich with
f roofs—that Kansas was invaded and conquered
y large bodies of armed men from Missouri.
His proofs consist in the fact that Governor
Reeder caused a census to be taken in February,
1855, from which it appeared that there were
a little more than twenty-nine hundred legal
voters—say three thousand in round numbers—
