1070
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
August 7,
to do anything that is reasonable in this matter, j
I hope, however, the gentleman will modify his 1
proposition so that the extension will be only for
one evening.
Mr. ETHERIDGE. I will modify it so that
the extension-will be for only two nights.
Mr. HOUSTON. I object.
Mr. ETHERIDGE. Then for one evening.
Mr, HOUSTON. I object.
NAVY APPROPRIATION BILL.
Mr. HA YEN. I suggest to the gentleman
from Ohio, that we had better close debate on the
Navy appropriation bill.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I move that debate on the
Navy appropriation bill, in the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union, be closed within
five minutes after its consideration shall be again
resumed.
The motion was agreed to.
On motion of Mr. CAMPBELL, an act (S. No.
348) to carry into effect the act entitled " An act
to provide for the accommodation of the courts
of the United States for the district of Maryland,
and for a post office at Baltimore city," approved
the 17th of February, 1855, was taken from the
Speaker's table, read a first and second time, and
referred to the Committee of Ways and Moans.
Mr. LETCHER. I move that the rules be
suspended, and the House resolve itself into the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union.
Mr. WALBRIDGE. I call for the yeas and
nays on that motion.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the affirmative—yeas 130, nays ^6; as follows:
YEAS—Mefhis. Aiken, Albught, Allison, Hall, B.irbotir,
Barclay, irendley S. Bennett, liem-on, liilhnghutst, Bliss, j
Boyce, Biadshaw, Branch, Buflinton, Cadwalader, James [
H. Campbell, John P. Campbell, Lewis I). Campbell, ('at- !
lile, Clawson, Chngman, Williamson R. W. Cobb, Coll'nx, j
Comins, Covode, Cox, Crawford, Cumbaek, Ddinietl, i
Davidson, llenry Winter Davis, Timothy Daw, Day, Dick, 1
Dunn, Durfee, Edit', Elliott, Eume, English, lithe ridge, i
Eustfc, Faulkner, Flagler, Foster, Galloway, Guldings, ,
Gilbert, Goode, Greenwood, Giow, liailan, J. iVIotrwm
Harris, Thomas h. Harris, Ilaven, Ihckman, Hoffman, ,
Holloway, VabmtinoB. Ilorton, Houston, HowauL Geoige ;
W. Jones, Kelsey, Kuhvell, King, ICnapp, Knight, Knox, j
Kunkel, Leitcr, Letcher, Alexander 1C. Marshall, iMaxwell,
McGtuecn, KiUian Miller, Millson, Millwaid, Moigan, 1
Morrill. Murray, Nichols, Norton, Andrew Oliver, I'aiker,
Peck, Pennington, Perry, Pettit, Phelps, Pike, Poweil,
Pringle, Purviance, Puryear, Quitman, Ready, Rich.mNon,
Ritchie, Itiven, Robbing, Kuflin, Ku*t, Sabin, Sapp,.Sew-
ard, Slieiniari, Shorter, Simmons, William Smith, William
R. Smith, Sliced, Stanton, Stranahan, Swope, Tappan,
Thurston, Tuition, Trippe, VVad<\ Walker. VVamei, Nrad
Washburn, Wurkim, Welch, Whitney, Williams, Wins-
low, Wood, John V. Wright, and Zolheollei—1^0.
NAYS —llenrv iienneu, Hremon, 1'zi.i Clark,
Denver, Dodd, Kdwaids, Changer, Thomas 11 Hoium,
Hughston, Lindley, Mace, Matteson, Met-aitv, Snnth
Miller, Molt, Spimi'T, Thoungton, Valk, Walbud<;e, Wal-
dion, Cadvv.ilader C. Wa^hluune, Elhhu U. Wa-htnirue,
Watson, Well-;, Woodiulf, arul Woodworth—
So the motion was agreed l0-
Pending the call of the roll,
DICKSON said he had paired off with
Mr. B.widson.
The House accordingly resolved itself into
the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union, (Mr. Richardson in the chair,) and pro-
ceeded to the consideration of a bill (II. 11. No.
181)) makmg appropriation.* for the naval service
for the year ending 30th of June, 1857.
On motion of Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio, the
firsf rciaduig: of the bill was dispensed with.
The Clerk then commenced the reading of the
bill by clauses, for amendment.
Mr. LETCHER. 1 believe there are five
minutes for general debate before the rule closing
debate goes into effect. 1 desire to occupy that
time in calling the attention of the committee to
some amendments I propose to submit in eonnce-
with the navy-yard at Norfolk. It will be recol-
lected that during last year that section of the
country was greatly afflicted with the yellow
fever, by which a very large proportion, if not
the entire strength of the navy-yard and arsenal
was stricken down. At the time that this naval
appropriation bill was up for consideration before
the Committee of Ways and Means, it so hap-
pened that the report of the officer in charge of
that navy-yard had not been sent in, and there-
fore the committee were not able to embrace in
the provisions of the bill the appropriations rec-
ommended for the current year. After that
officer had recovered from the scourge, his report
was presented here, in which certain recommend-
ations'are made, which I will move at the proper
time to insert m the bill. I merely desired to
make this statement in advance, that the House
might be informed of the reasons which operated
on the Committee of Ways and Means in ex-
cluding from this bill the various items of recom-
mendations which will, in the progress of this
bill, be asked for.
■ Mr. SEWARD. I offer the following amend-
ment to come in after the tenth line:
Provided, That vacancies occurring in the active list of the
Navy shall not be filled until the number of officers on said
list shall be permanently reduced to not more than twenty-
five captains, forty-six commanders, and one hundred and
sixty-seven lieutenants; and the appropriations herein pro-
vided for shall not be used to pay any officer that may be
hereafter piomoted, exoept upon the restrictions and limit-
ations aforesaid.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio. I make a point
of order upon that amendment.
The CHAIRMAN. If there is no objection
the Chair will hear any reasons from the gentle-
man from Georgia, showing that his amendment
is in order.
Mr. SEWARD. I know that the rule which
is attempted to be enforced upon this committee
is an exceedingly strict one, and sometimes it has
been used at the expense of every principle of
common sense to subserve the peculiar views of
gentlemen who make up certain committees.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio. I object to this
debate—not from any want of disposition to
accommodate the gentleman, but for the purpose
of saving time. I therefore ask that the rule
against debate be enforced.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair asked the con-
sent of the committee that the gentleman from
Georgia might he permitted to state his reasons
for this amendment, and there was no objection.
Mr. SEWARD. I will be brief upon the point.
The question winch the Chair is called upon to
decade now, has been decided by the House on
two or three occasions. If a fundamental law of
the country can be changed by an amendment to
an appropriation bill, I put it to this House if
you cannot restrict the number of officers m an
appropriation bill? Now, to show that it is in
order, what does the amendment propose ? The
second paragraph of this bill provides for the pay
ment of officers of the Navy. My amendment
proposes to limit the amount of the appropriation,
and to fix it so as to pay a certain number of offi-
cers and no more, and to stop this system of
promotion by which it becomes necessary to
place a number of gentlemen on the retired list
and make them pensioners on the Government.
That is what 1 propose to do. It can be de-
monstrated that, within the last fifteen years,
$,3,500,000 lias been paid out to men employed in
the naval service who arc actually lying idle.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I insist upon my point of
order.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman from Geor-
gia is not in order.
Mr. SEWARD. The Chair suggested that I
might be allowed to show the reason why I
thought the amendment in order. If the Chair
wants to relieve himself of the position he as-
signed me, 1 will say nothing more.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair sustains the
point of order. The amendment is not in order.
Mr. WINSLOVV offered the following amend-
ment, to come in after line ten:
Provided, That the assistant diroctoi of the naval med-
ical laboratory in New Voile shall leceive an annual salary
of #1,500, m l.ru of ail other compensation ;
so as to make the paragiaph read;
For pay of commission, wan ant, and petty officers,
and sc'unon, including the engineer coips of the Navy,
121.1 lb : Provided, &.c.
Is that amendment in
It is not in order, as it
Mr. LETCHER.
order?
The CHAIRMAN.
changes existing law.
Mr. WINSLOW". There is no law establish-
ing the laboratory. The amendment proposes
to raise this gentleman's salary a few hundred
dollars. His pay now is only §1,150.
The CHAIRMAN. The amendment pro-
posed by the gentleman from North Carolina
changes the salary of an officer, and is not in
order to an appropriation bill.
Mr. WINSLOW. It is not proposed to dis-
turb the appropriation at all. The increase will
be included in the gross sum appropriated for the
Navy proper. It does not ask any increase of
appropriation
The CHAIRMAN. It changes existing law,
and is therefore out of order.
Mr. BENSON offered the following amend-
ment, to come in at the close of the fourteenth
line:
And naval chief engineers shall be included in thagen-
eral order of the Secretary of the Navy, dated May 27,1847,
and confirmed by act of Congress, approved August 5,1654 ;
so as to make the paragraph read:
For provisions for commission* warrant, and petty offi-
cers and seamen, including engineers and marines attached
to vessels for sea service, §840,450; and naval chief engi-
neers, &c.
Mr. PHELPS. I raise a question of order.
Mr. BENSON. Before the Chair makes its
decision, I desire to submit a remark. I am aware
that, if the committee and the Chair hold to the
rule laid do wn, the amendment may not be strictly
in order. This matter came before the Commit-
tee on Naval Affairs on a memorial of the chief
engineer, and is recommended by the Secretary
of the Navy. It seems to me that the amendment
is so harmless in its character, and so manifestly
just and proper, that the Committee of Ways and
Means will not object. I have a communication
from the Secretary of the Navy recommending
the change.
Mr. PHELPS. I insist on the point of order.
I am not prepared to say that the chief engineers
of the Navy are to have a similar rank with other
officers.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair is bound to
sustain the point of order.
Mr. BENSON. Will the gentleman allow the
communication from the Secretary of the Navy
on this subject to be read ? Perhaps he will then
withdraw his point of order.
Mr. PHELPS. I do not consider there is any
necessity for its reading when that amendment ia
not in order.
Mr. BENSON proposed the following amend-
ment, to come in after line forty-five:
Provided, That the expenditures under the foregoing
appropnation shall be so accounted for as to show the dis-
bursements by each bureau under its lespective appropria-
tions ;
so as to make the paragraph read:
A^or contingent e\pen?es that may accrue for the follow-
ing purposes, viz: Ireight and transpoitation, pimtmg and
stationery, advei tiding m newspapers, books, maps, models,
and drawing®, putehase and repair of fire engines and ma-
clnneiy, repairs of and attending to steam engines in navy-
yards-, purchase and maintenance of horses and oxen, and
drawing teams, caits, timber wheels, and the pui chase and
repair* of wuikmen's tools, postage of public letters, fuel,
oil, and candles for navy-yaids and shore station", pay of
watchmen and incidental labor, not chargeable to any other
appropnation, transportation to and labor attending the de-
livery of provisions and stores on foreign stations, wharf-
age, dockage, and rent, traveling expenses of officers and
others under Ofdert-, funeial t'ApwnsCb, btore and office rent,
stationery, fuel, commissions aod pay of clerks to Navy
agents and storekeeper, flags, awnings, and packing boxes,
piemmins and othei expenses of rcciuitrng, apprehending
deserters, per diem pay to perrons attending courts-martial
and eouit: of inquiry, and other services authorized by law,
pay to judges-advocate, pilotage and towage of vessels, and
assistance to vessels in di tr  ss, bills of health, and quaran-
tine expenses of vessels of the United States Navy in foreign
ports, eight bundled and tifty-mne thousand seven hundred
Qnd fifty dollars: Provided^ Thatthe expenditures under the
foregoing appropi iation shall be so accounted foi as to show
the disbursements of each bureau under its respective ajv-
propuations.
Mr. BENSON. That is an amendment recom-
mended by the Committee on Naval Affairs. The
whole purpose of it is to show how each head
of bureau disposes of the contingent fund appro-
priated in gross. It simply requires these heads
of bureaus to keep accounts of expenditure, so
that it may be seen 011 inspection how these
funds are disposed of. I suppose there is no ob-
jection at all to the amendment.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio,under instructions
of the Committee of Ways and Means, offered
the following amendment, to come in after line
sixty-six:
For the erection and completion of marine barracks ai
Brook]™, New York, gQO.OOU.
For the election And completion of marine barracks at
Pensaeola, Florida, $60,000.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. CAMPBELL, under instructions of the
Committee of "Ways and Means, offered the fol-
lowing amendment:
In line eighty-seven, after the word " kinds." strike ou!
