1856.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
100^
will be secured from the dangers with which it
is menaced; kind and brotherly feelings amongst
the people of all sections of the Confederacy will
be restored; religious intolerance will be rebuked;
tho equality of the States, the keystone of the
arch of the governmental fabric, will be preserved
intact; and peace, prosperity, and happiness, will
smile upon the land.
Although, in coming to this determination,
after long and anxious deliberation, my own
convictions alone, would have sufficed to dictate
my course, it would be uncandid for me not to
say, that I feel encouragement from the fact that
other, and abler, and better men than I, have
teken the same view of their duty in this crisis,
which my own convictions have pointed out to me.
Prom all parts of the country, comes the cheering
intelligence, that gallant, and patriotic, and high-
minded leaders of the old Whig party, ever faith-
ful to the conservative principles which they have
professed, are rallying to the defense of the Con-
stitution from the attack of its fanatical assailants.
On which side soever of this Chamber I cast my
eyes, I behold men whom the Whig party ever
delighted to honor, lending their courage and
strength to the success of that common cause,
which wc together have espoused. Sir, the end
is not yet; others will follow. The time will
come, and come very soon,—sooner than they
think. As the designs of the enemy become
more and more developed, the patriot band will
be augmented with fresh recruits. Yes, sir; let
the note of alarm be sounded through the land;
let the people only be informed; let them be told
of the momentous crisis which is at hand; and
they will rise in theii might, and placing their heel
on the bead of the serpent that has glided into
their Eden, they will crush it to the earth, once
and forever.
Mr. CASS. T rise for the purpose of asking
the Senate to name a day next week on which 1
can express my views upon this question. I feel
unwilling to obtrude myself on the Senate after
the magnificent and patriotic speech which we
have just heard from the Senator from Louisiana,
which does equal credit to his head, and to his
heart, and which, in my opinion,ought to find a
response in the bosom of every true American.
But, Mr. President, I rose to speak of a matter
personal to myself. A few days ago the honor-
able Senator from Mississippi [Mr. Brown] made
a fierce assault on my old friend, " squatter sov-
ereignty;" and in wielding his weapons, lie cast
them about very freely in every direction, and he
gave me one or two strokes. 1 complained of it
to him afterwards. Sir, this same squatter sov-
ereignty, nick-named so by its enemies, but which
I call the right of man to govern himself—the right
of self-government—was dear to our fathers m
1776, and I believe it is just as dear to their
descendants in 1856. I wish to do my share
towards redeeming it, from the obloquy that mis-
representation or misunderstanding has cast upon
it; and I desire to ask the Senate to do me the
favor to name some day next week when I can be
heard upon the subject. 1 would prefer Thursday,
because I can be ready by that time. If it will
suit the Senate, I will submit what few remarks
I have to make on Thursday next. ["Agreed."]
I now leave the Senator from New York, who I
understand desires the floor, to make the motion
to postpone.
Mr. SEWARD. Mr. President, although the
very eloquent speech of the excellent and distin-
guished Senator from Louisiana has given me
provocation to follow him at large, with spirit
excited to heat, I shall confine myself to but two !
or three propositions on the present occasion, and
shall govern myself by the same exercise of
temper which I have always practiced in my
addresses to the Senate of the United States, know-
ing that they are overheard and are made to be
overheard and understood by the people of the
United States. First, I shall notice that part of
the honorable Senator's speech which relates to
a definition of his position, which gives us the
history of his partisan action and associations,
and in which he takes leave of his ancient polit-
ical friends and associates—duties which might
have been well enough performed without bring-
ing me before the Senate and the country,and,
probably, could have been so performed quite as
satisfactorily to that party whom he abandons,
if not as agreeably to the party into whose em- ;
braces he rushes with such precipitate 1
such " great deliberation." This I shi
haste after
shall answer
in one word.
Seven years ago, when I entered the Senate of
the_ United States, being aware that every word
which was said by every man in this Senate,
however obscure, was written down and recorded
for history at an expense of seven dollars per
column, in a book preserved for that purpose, I
announced, as a rule of my own conduct, that on
no occasion, and under no circumstances, could
any member of the Senate ever draw from me
any statement or word by which, independently
of the principles and measures I maintained,and
avowed, and defended here, it could be known
whether I was a Whig, or a Democrat, or an
Abolitionist, or belonged to one party or another.
The whole record for six years is closed. Sena-
tors will please refer to it and find wherever, on
any occasion, I—who have not been, I think,
unfaithful to my principles and to my political
associations—have admitted that I belonged to a
partisan association. Sir, I consider the subject
unworthy the dignity of the Senate of the United
States. 1 deem it unworthy of me. I do not
think that anything connected with the partisan
contests, with the partisan controversies of this
day, is worthy of the dignity of the Senate of the
United States, and of taking aplacein history by
means of our own personal efforts or action. I
have no need to defend myself, or explain my
course, or to assign to the public, here or else-
where, the objects or purposes of my public life.
They explain themselves. If they do not, let me
rest under all the reproach that posterity shall be
able to cast upon me.
Sir, X cast no reflection on my honorable friend
from Louisiana. I only say for myself, as I said
seven years ago, that in my poor .judgment,
speaking for myself, there is not about me any-
thing of sufficient importance in my reputation,
or character, nothing m my history past, or in
my interests present or future, to justify me in
occupying in my defense five minutes of the time
of the Senate of the United States.
The honorable Senator from Louisiana has
reviewed, at very considerable length, a speech
which I lately made here on principles and policy,
and that was a legitimate subject for his examina-
tion. When any Senator discusses the measures,
policy, or principles which I advocate, I shall
endeavor to follow him, provided always that I
think it consistent with the convenience of the
Senate, and is required by the necessity of the
case. To that extent I shall follow the honor-
able Senator in his review of the remarks which I
made on that previous occasion.
In that speech I declared that the law of comity
which the President of the United States had
invoked for the regulation of the conduct of the
American States under the Constitution, had no
existence; that it was fallacious; that there was no
such law of comity. I showed that there was no
such provision in the Constitution of the United
States for regulating the intercourse between the
States as the President claimed. Having done
so, I showed that the President had attempted to
fortify his position by claiming that the supposed
comity was established by a law of international
comity existing between independent States or
nations generally, or, in other words, by the law
of nations." To that I replied, that in the first
place the Constitution of the United States incor-
porated so much of the international law of coip-
ity between foreign States, or separate States, as
it thought necessary, and that what it incorpo-
rated was law, and what it did not incorporate
was not law; or, in other words, that what the
Constitution of the United States allowed to the
States it was lawful for them to do, and what it
forbade them it was unlawful to do. The honor-
able Senator has attempted to controvert that po-
sition. My proposition was stated substantially
in tho very terms of the Constitution, article tenth
of the amendments:
11 The powers not delegated to* the United States by the
Constitution, nor prohibited by it to the States, are reserved
to the States, respectively, or to the people."
That was the proposition, so plain and dis-
tinct, that any attempt to evade its force is but
sophistry, not needing an argument to refute
it.
The reply of the honorable Senatoris, that Con-
gress may abuse the power given to it by the
States; but can Congress lawfully abuse a lawful,
power ?
The next position which the honorable Senator-,-
took was one in which he attempted to prove-,-
with a vast flourish of triumph, that slavery-warf"
not an outlaw by the law of nations. Sitting aa"
I was, behind him, and shrinkingfrom the "arrows*-"
of his eloquence, he was not contented to allow-
me the repose which I coveted, and the security*
of being screened by his shadow from the vievp'
of the audience, but he flourished over me in1
triumph his demonstration that slavery was nol-
an outlaw by the law of nations.
Well, sir, the honorable Senator is a lawyer;
I do not claim to be. I claim, however, to be a
legislator and a Senator, and to be so far informed'
concerning the law of "nations as it is involved-
ill the duties which I have to exercise here. N&w*
for the honorable Senator's authority. It is-first
—and for this he is indebted to the honorable and,
esteemeed Senator from Georgia, [Mr. Toombs,]
who furnished him with it on the spur of the
moment—that of Justinian. The authority of the
Emperor Justinian is brought into this court, in
the year of our Lord 1856, to establish what is the
law of nations; and yet Justinian wrote in the
seventh century, and the laws which he promul-
gated were the laws of the Roman empire in its
decline a thousand years ago, and the law of
nations which he recognized, if he recognized
any in his treatise, was the law of nations as it
existed a thousand years ago.
Then the honorable Senator has misunderstood'
even Justinian, for he quotes Justinian as saying-
that "slavery is where one mail is subjected to
the dominion of another, according to the law
of nations, though contrary to natural right."
Sir, the law of nations was the general effect and
concert of the separate laws of separate nations
as they separately existed, without any interna-
tional understanding at the time when Justinian
wrote. The law of nations of this age is an
international law—a general law involving that
same natural right to which Justinian, a thousand
years ago, said that slavery was opposed, and
making that a common universal code to be ob-
served in the regulation of the intercourse between
States.
The law of nations, then, which Justinian gives
consists of the laws of nations as they then ex-
isted. The law of nations of modern times is, as
every jurist knows, an international law which
has grown up by the agreement and concert of
civilized nations, and has been adopted by them
in their mutual intercourse; so that I think I
may lay aside that book.
In the next place, the honorable Senator has
given me, not a treatise on the law of nations, not
a code of international law of States as it now ex-
ists, but a history of the law of nations from the
earliest times by Mr. Wheaton,and he has given
me extracts from a judicial opinion quoted in the
course of an argument, explaining, the progress
and history of the law of nations. Though I had
not the time to examine that volume, the honor-
able Senator was impatient; he declined to allow
me the time; he pressed me when he saw that I
was studying his history and endeavoring to ar-
rive at the result. Still I have had time to refer
to tho law of nations, or the international law of
nations, to speak more accurately, as it is recog-
nized and established by the Supreme Court of
the United States of America; ana if the Supreme
Court of the United States of America, constituted
as it is, with judges consisting as they do, so
large a majority of whom are appointed at least
with the complacency of the slave interest in this
country, shall affirm slavery to be an outlaw, then
I think I shall not need to go to the tribunals of
England, France, and Germany for further au-
thority on tho present occasion.
Before I show what the Supreme Court of the
United States have decided on this subject, I beg
to show that what the honorable Senator quoted
was but a criticism, not on the question whether
slavery was an outlaw, but whether the term
"piratical outlaws" was accurately applied to
slave traders pursuing the slave trade in violation
of the laws of the United States and of Great
Britain. I find in one passage of this book—
It is, theiefore, a looseness of language, fatal to all ac-
euiate reasoning, to eatl slave traders ' piratical outlawd,'
and to as&eit that, for the sakeof discovering ami punishing
these persons as offenders against the law of nations, a gen-
eral right of search is to be assumed in time of peace,"
