1856.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
m
full knowledge of all the facts, after those facts
should have been ascertained by a standing com-
mittee every effort has been made to stave off a
debate on this subjcct. But, sir, it has been in
vain. We have protested again and again that
the manner in which the subject was brought up
was irregular; that we had not the materials ne-
cessary for a proper debate; that it was more con-
sonant with propriety to await the action of our
committee to which we confide matters of this
kind, with confidence in its discretion and its wis-
dom. Notwithstanding these repeated and urgent
appeals by those who are disposed to look calmly
and considerately and deliberately into the matter,
scarcely a memorial has been presented here,
scarcely a resolution has been offered ora propo-
sition made touching this subject, which has not
been made use of-—I will not pretend to say it is
with a view of forestalling the public opinion—
but that has not been made use of for the purpose
of making appeals, which, by their necessary
effect, must forestall public opinion, before the
elements for the just formation of a public opin-
ion have been afforded to the country.
Sir,in the remarks which I have heretofore had
occasion to submit to the Senate, I have stated
that I desired to avoid the discussion because the
timc'for it had not come; and I should not have
said a word then, nor should I say a word now,
if the proposition made by the Senator from Ten-
nessee had been discussed upon its merits as a
proposition for information, and if gentlemen on
all sides of the House had not gone out of that
question for the purpose of examining the general
subject again.
Sir, there are some errors, it appears to me,
which have been committed in regard to this matter
which the simplest inspection of the language of
the law will correct. I have it here before mo.
It is very short, but I do not mean to read what
there is of it, short as it is. The first section
of the law indicates the truck,character of the
proceeding which Congress intended by the law
of the last session so clearly, as to make it im-
possible, that anybody, however little habituated !
to construe legal language, could by possibility
misapprehend it. Here are the words:
" As soon as practicable after the passage of this act, the
President of the United States shall cause a board of naval
officers to he assembler!, which bo.nd, umtor sueh regula-
tions as the Secretary of the Navy may prescribe,shall make
a eaieful examination into the efficiency''—
—not the character—but
"into the efficiency of the officers of the grades hereni-
aftei mentioned, and shall leport to the Sccietaiy of the
Navy the names and rank of all officers of the said grades
who, in the nidgment of said boaid, shall be incapable of i
performing piomptlyand efficiently all their duty, both j
ashore and afloat."
That is what the board was to do. It was to
go one step further, and only one step further:
"Whenever the boaid shall believe that said incompe-
tency has arisen from any cause implying ^nfheieut blame
on the part of the officerto justify it, they phall lecommend
that hid name be stucken altogether from the tolls."
Now, sir, how stood the case when this law
was passed ? For a quarter of a century complaints
had been made in reference to the efficiency of the
Navy. On all sides of this Chamber, from all
parties, one concurrent report was made to the
country, that there was an absolute necessity for
reform in the Navy; and we were told that, in the
event of any collision upon the ocean, we should
be exposed to the possibility of having the flag of
our country disgraced by reason of the incompe-
tency of the officers to whose care its honor was
intrusted. Now that a law has been passed with
a view to remedy that evil, and that its execution
has taken place, we arc all forgetting completely
the circumstances which existed prior to the pas-
sage of the law; we arc forgetting the condition of
the country which called on us imperatively for
a remedy of this kind, and lending our ears to the
appeals of A, and of B, and of C, upright and hon-
orable men, who may deserve the thanks of their j
country, perhaps, for services performed in past j
years, and yet be totally inefficient for present I
active service. We are lending our ears, 1 say, |
to these complaints, and are charmed by the voice ;
of persons who appeal to us for sympathy or for ^
pity. We are forgetting our duty to our country; ;
we are forgetting our duty to the public service j
of the country; we are forgetting that which is |
our first and most imperative obligation, to pre- ,
serve the arm of this country in a condition in
which it can strike efficiently when the hour for
action shall come.
We know that the condition of the Navy would
not have reached this point, if there had existed
from the beginning a retired or pension list in our
country. We know that foralong series of years
men of high official position in the Navy have
been retained in that official position, because of
the natural repugnance in the heart of any Presi-
dent of the United States to discharge from the
Navy, without assistance, without pay, without
support, men who had grown gray in the public
service, although they might be inefficient at the
present time for the performance of duty. The
President had no remedy; he had no means of
keeping up the efficiency of the Navy, except by
striking men from the rolls entirely; and naturally
and properly the Executive of this -country, upon
all occasions,has shrunk from the exercise ofapre-
rogative which demanded so stern and so resolute*
a sacrifice of all personal feeling. The country,
perhaps, would have been dissatisfied by any such
executive action. We were therefore compelled
to provide some means by which support should
be accorded to those old and faithful public offi-
cers, and, at the same time, that the efficiency of
the national arm on the occan should not be im-
paired.
What did we do? We said: we will provide
means for the President to remove from the Navy
officers who are inefficient: we will provide that
all whom the President shall find inefficient or
incompetent to do duty, shall be retired from
active service on their full leave-of-absence pay.
We do not order them to bo dismissed from the
Navy. We permit the President to dismiss
them from active service, instead of dismissing
them from the Navy; we enlarge the executive
prerogative to this extent, that, instead of an ab-
solute and unconditional dismissal, he ah all have
the power to dismiss them to a reserved list on pay.
That is the power which we conferred on the
President. We said, however, we are not willing
to authorize the President to retire to the reserved
list on pay men incompetent or inefficient to per-
form their duties, when that incompetency or in-
efficiency has resulted from faults imputable to
themselves. We are notgoingto set the example
of a Pension Bureau for inefficient or incompetent
officers, when that incompetency or inefficiency
results from their'own vices or crimes, or from
their own follies. And, therefore, at the same
time that we authorize the President of the United
States to make only a qualified dismissal of pub-
lic officers; at the same time theit we extend his
prerogative to the extent of permitting him to
retire"officers from the Navy on pay, we toll him
that it is not our intention that lie shall exercise
that prerogative by putting upon that favoied re-
tired list men whose inefficiency or incompetency
is the result of their own vices or crimes, and
that the public money is not to be devoted to pen-
sioning men like these.
That, sir, is the theory of tlm law. What was
the machinery devised by Congress for its execu-
tion? To whom were we to commit the charge '
of ascertaining what men could properly be re-
tired from the Navy? The President had the
constitutional power. There was no necessity
for us to form for him any board—any advisory
council at all. Suppose that, instead of passing
the law as we have passed it, to use the ijjustra- j
tion in part of my friend from Mississippi, [Mr. ;
Brown,] who so recontlv addressed the Senate, \
we had said that the President of the United j
Slates should, in the exercise of his executive
prerogative, form these lists. As a matter of j
course, we know that there is a certain body of i
officers who form the executive council. We have ;
the Secretaries of the different Departments of ;
the Government, who lend to the "Executive the !
aid of their advice end counsel. The President. ;
in the exercise of the duty imposed on him by ]
this law, would have had the right, and could '
undoubtedly have resorted, to the advice and ;
counsel of his Cabinet officers. What would then :
have been thought of a resolution to call upon the i
President of the United States to report to us on 1
what charges, as gentlemen are pleased to teini j
them, officers have been turned out of the service, t
or calling on the Executive of the country to
report to us the record of what his Cabinet had j
advised him to do * i
Surclv, Mr. President, that could not have I
been entertained for a second; and yet what' hstte
we done? Simply provided, pro hoc wefe, 2tn
official and advisory cabinet, or board,- in relation
to this particular subject-matter, and have done
so according to the best of our judgment and dis-
cretion, by the selection of precisely that class of
individuals best adapted, from previous life, and
from experience and knowledge of the subjeet,
to give good advice. We may hav? selected these «
advisers wrongly and unwisely; we may have
imposed upon them a duty which it would be
more prudent and statesmanlike to have confided
to others; but certainly nothing .has'been done
by Congress, nothing by the Senate, nothing
have I voted for—and I voted for this law—which
I can consider, for one moment, as in derogation
of those principles of justice which every man
has a right to appeal to, be he officer of the Navy
or not, in defense of his life, of his character, and
of his reputation before the country.
I voted that the President of the United States
should have a list to which he could remove offi-
cers, without removing them entirely out of the
servicc. I knew that the President could not re-
move an incompetent officer without turning him
out of the Navy. I voted for a shelter for that
■officer. I voted to give the President a retired
list to which he could remove that officer instead
of placing him entirely out of the Navy. I pro-
vided, as far as my vote could do it, some subsist-
ence, some support, for those old officers who had
gallantly fought m the service of their country,
and who had done their duty in the vocation
which they had selected in which to pass their
lives. But now, when, upon the very face of
this law, no person is dismissed from the Navy
except those from whose fault, inefficiency or
incompetency has resulted, whei], upon the very
f ice of the law, (he list that is provided is specially,
directly, literally, and expressly declared to be a
list of men physically incompetent from no fault
of their own—men who are removed from the
active service,and put upon the retired list, come
hero and complain to us that they have been
placed before a court-martial and tried on charges,
and we are told that they have been condemned
unheard,-and that every principle of justice has
been violated, because they were not allowed to
go before this board,produce) witnesses, and make
speeches and arguments in their defense.
Sir, th£ President of the United States, in exe-
cution of the behests of Congress, has removed
officers from active service under a law which
expressly declares that they are removed for no
fault of theirs. The law declares that they are
removed because, without fault, they have be-
come inefficient and incompetent to do their duty;
and finding this to be the case, Congress has
generously provided for them a retiring pension,
more liberal in its provisions than exists in the
service of any other country. I say, there under-
lies all these complaints of the action of Congress
and of this board, gross injustice and misappre-
hension. I say more particularly is there gross
injustice done to the officers of the board who,
under the orders of the Secretary of the Navy,
in conformity with the duty imposed on them,
and which undoubtedly they accepted with re-
luctance, have openly and manfully discharged
their duty, and to whom, 1 submit to my honorable
friend from Tennessee, it is not proper to apply
the words, "shirking from responsibility."
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. My friend says
that gross injustice has been done to this board.
1 do not mean to do gross injustice to anybody.
I have not assailed the board. I desire that they
shall be heard. 1 ask for nothing more. That
is the whole extent of my resolution. 1 under-
take, however, to say lieic, in my place, without
intending any offense to anybody, that if all that
I have heard—and much of which 1 believe to be
true — shall be found to exist, the board will be
found worthy in part of that gross assault of
winch my friend speaks. All I ask is, that they
shall have a fair hearing, and that they shall vin-
dicate themselves if they can. Why refuse to
puss the resolution ? Let us get the information.
1 .have made no attack on the board. I do not
mean to make an attack on them until they are
hoard; but I have reasons to satisfy myself that
at kast a portion of the board acted from motives
and considerations which I do not approve.
Mr BENJAMIN. I have no doubt, Mr.
President, that the members of the board who
