1098
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 2,
The question discussed there was, whether a
right of search existed by the law of nations to
justify the search of vessels suspected of being
slavers on the ground that slaves were piratical
outlaws? This was held to be a loose expression.
Sir, if i had used the expression that slavery was
a piratical outlaw, I should have come within the
scope of the authority which the honorable Sen-
ator has given me; and still I should have been
condemned by that authority only for a looseness
of expression. Happily for myself on that oc-
casion, I was not loose in my language.
Now, I beg to refer the honorable Senator to
the case of La Jeune Eugenie, (2d Mason's
Report, p. 90,) which occurred in the year 1822;
ana I assume, until the contrary shall be proved,
that the principle which was then established
is the law of nations.
La Jeune Eugenie was a vessel sailing under
a Frcnch flag and papers, which was captured by
the American armed schooner Alligator, on the
western coast of Africa, on suspicion of being
engaged in the slave trade, and brought into the
port of Boston, where she was libeled as an
American vessel. The questions which arose in
the case were—first, whether she was an Ameri-
can vessel; second, whether she was engaged m
the slave trade; third, whether, if she were
French, and engaged in the slave trade, the court
was bound to restore the property to France with-
out further inquiry ? In the course of the judg-
ment, the right of visitation, search, and seizure,
is discussed and asserted; but the great point of
the ease was that which aro.se under the third
question, whether the African slave trade was
contrary to the law of nations? It was held to
be so, on the gronnd that it carried with it "a
breach of all the moral duties, of all the maxims
of justice, mercy, and humanity, and of the ad-
mitted rights which Christian nations now hold
sacred in their intercourse with each other." On
this point the judgment proceeds, as follows:
" And Uic first question naturally arising out of the as-
serted facts is, whethci the Alucan slave trade be prohib-
ited by the law of nation*; for, if it he po, it will not, I
presume, be denied, that, confirmation of property ought to
follow, for that is the ptopcr penally denounced by that law
for any violation of prceepu; and the sanio reasons,
which enlorce that penalty oidmariiy, apply with equal
force to employment in this trade.
" I shall take up no time in the examination of the history
of slavery, or of die question, how tar it i& consistent with
tiie natural rights of mankind. That it may have a lawlul
existence, at least by way of punishment for eiime&, will
not be doubted by any persons who admit the general right
of society to enforce the observance of its laws by adequate
penalties. That it has existed in all ages of the world, and
has been tolerated by some, cncouraged by others, and sanc-
tioned by most, of the enlightened and civilized nations of
the earth in loimer ages, admits of no reasonable question.
That it has interwoven nselt into the municipal institutions
'of some countries, and lorms the foundation of large ma^es
of propeity in a poition ot oui own countiy, is known to all
of us. Sitting, therefoie, m an American couit ofjudieature,
I am not pet nutted to deny, that under some ciieum-«tance>
it might have a lawful existence; and that the practice may
be justified by the condition, or wants, of society, or may-
form a part of the domestic policy of a nation, ft would
be unbecoming in me here to assert that the f tate of slavery
cannot have a legitimate existence, or that it stands con-
demned by the unequivocal testimony of the law of na-
tions.
"But this concession carries us but a very short distance
towards the decision of tins cause. It is not, as the learned
counsel for the Government have justly stated, on account
of the simple fact, that the traffic necessarily involve® the
enslavement of human beings, that it stands reprehended
by the present se,ise of nations
Here the judge had arrived at the point that it
was " reprehended by the present sense of na-
tions."
but that it necessarily carries with it a breach of all the
moial duties, of all the maxims of justice, mercy, and
humanity, and of the admitted rights winch independent
Chustian nations now hold sacred in their mteicouise
with each other. What is the fact as to the oidinary, nay,
necessary course, of tins trade? It begins in coiruption,
and plunder, and kidnapping. It creates and stimulates
unholy wars for the purpose ot making captives. It des-
olates whole villages and provinces for the purpose of beiz-
ingthe young, the feeble, the defenseless, and the innocent.
It |>reaks down all the ties of parent and children, and fam-
ily and country. It shuts up all sympathy for human
buffering and sorrows. It manacles the inoffensive females
and the staiving infant*. It foicesthe biave to untimely
death m defense of their humble homes and firesides, or
drives them to despair and self-immolation. It stirs up the
worst passions of the human eoul, darkening the spirit of
revenge, sharpening the greediness of avarice, brutalizing
the selfish, envenoming the cruel, famishing the weak, and
crushing to death the broken hearted. This is but the be-
ginning of the evils. Befoic the unhappy captives arrive at
the destined market, where the traffic ends, one quarter part
at least, in the ordinary course of events, perish in cold
Mood under the inhuman or thoughtless treatment of their
oppressor*.
"Strong as these expressions may seem, and dark as is
the coloring of this statement, it is short of the real calam-
ities inflicted by this traffic. All the wars that have deso-
lated Africa for the last three centuries have had their origin
in the «5lave trade. The blood of thousands of her miser-
able children has stained her shores, or quenched the dying
embeis of her desolated towns, to glut the appetite of slave
dealers. The ocean has received m its deep and silent
bosom thousands more, who have perished fiom disease and
want during their passage from their native homes to the
foreign colonies.
" It is of this traffic, thus carried on, beginning in lawless
wars, and rapine, and kidnapping, and ending in disease,
and death, and slavery—it is of this traffic, in die aggregate
of its accumulated wrongs, that I would ask, if it be con-
sistent with the law of nations?"
The judge had before ascertained that it was
inconsistent with the sense of nations. Now he
reached, by his argument, the inquiry, whether
it was consistent with the law of nations? He
answers his own question:
" It not by breaking up the elements of the case into frag-
ments, and dctachmg them one from another, that we are
to be asked of each, separately, if the law of nations pro-
hibits it. We are not to be told that war is lawful, and
slavery lawful, and plunder lawful, and the taking away of
lite is lawful, and the selling of human beings is lawlul.
Assuming that they are so, under circumstances, it estab-
lishes nothing. It does not advance one jot to the suppoit
of the proposition that a tiaffic that involves them all, that
is unnecessaiy, unjust, and inhuman, is countenanced by
the eternal law of nature, oix which rests the law of na-
tions."
Then the judge has reached the ground that
slavery is forbidden by the eternal law of nature
—that law higher than the laws of all States and
of all natio-ns—on which he declares that the law
of nations rests. Sir, when I advanced the prop-
osition that slavery was an outlaw by the law of
nations, was it extravagant? Could not the in-
dulgence of the figure be allowed ? But I stand
on the authority of the law as it was declared.
Again, says this learned judge:
"Cut I thinkjt may be unequivocally affirmed thut every
doctrine that maybe fairly deduced by con ect reasoning
from the lights and duties of nations, and the natuie of
moral obligation, may theoretically be said to extU in the
law of nations ; and unless it be relaxed or waived by the
consent and nation-*, which maybe evinced by their general
piactice and customs it may he enforced by a court of jus-
tice whenever it arises in judgment.
" And I may go further, and say that no practice whatever
can obhtctatc the fundamental distinction between right
and wtong, and that eveiy nation is at liberty to apply to
another the correct punciple, whenever both nations by
their public acts rccetlc fiom such piactice and admit the
injustice or cruelty of it.
" Now m respect to the Afncan slave trade, such as it
has been desenbed to he. and m (act is, m its ongm, prog-
icss, and consummation, it cannot admit of scuous ques-
tion. that it is founded in a wolation of some of the fi-ist
priciples which ought to govern nations."
Sir, I have shown that Judge Story, alike an
ornament and an expounder of the laws of nations
as well as of the public law of the United States,
in this case pronounced this decision. No case to
the contrary has been found, or will be found,
wherein this opinion is declared to be otherwise
than in harmony with the law of nations. I
need not say that, even if our own courts had
failed to rccognize this principle, it would stand
on the general consent now established by treaty
among all nations in Christendom. There may
be individual exceptions; but the general fact is,
that the nations of Christendom have, long since
the time of Justinian, and chiefly within the last
one hundred years, come into conventions by
which they pronounce slavery unlawful by their
municipal laws, and agree to condcmn; it and
many of the States of Europe agree to pronounce
it piracy, punishable as an offense under the law
of nations, while we ourselves have concurred m
pronouncing it piracy, but have reserved to our-
selves the right of jurisdiction in punishing the
offenders among our own people. This is all that
it seems to be necessary for me to say on the
present occasion.
Mr. BENJAMIN. Mr. President, it is not
my intention to continue this debate. I have
seen in my day,in a court of justice, a defeated
advocate resort to many a ruse; but I never saw a
display, even by an advocate before a jury, equal
to that which has just been given to us by the
honorable Senator fiom New York. What did
that honorable Senator start out to prove? He
first commenced by ridiculing my quotation of
an authority of the time of Justinian, although I
passed it to him with the remark, (when he sug-
gested the fact that here was the doctrin® of the
law of nations, in ancient times,) that here also
was the latest law on the subject, and that both
established that his proposition, that slavery was
an outlaw under tlae law of nations, was wrong.
He gets up, sir, and instead of openly avowing
before the Senate that he was wrong—as he now
knows—declares that he is going to prove, by ref-
erence to the decisions of the Supreme Court of
the United States, that he is right. How does he
prove that? I referred him to a decision of the
Supreme Court of the United States, given in
1825, by a united court, Chief Justice Marshall
the organ. He replies by giving me the decision
of a circuit judge in 1022, three years earlier, and
he reads from a book compiled by the son of that
judge; and if he read a few lines further* he
would see that the author admits that his father's
opinion was not sustained by the opinion of the
Supreme Court of the United- States, and that it
was not good law, but he hopes it will be so some
day. Here it is. This book is not a law book.
It is " The Life and Letters of Joseph Story, by
his son." In it the author says:
" This opinion was altogether in advance of the morals
of the time. Broad and jus>t as are the foundations on which
it is bu>lt, it was nevertheless m contravention of the. doc-
trine held by Sir William Scott in .the case of the Louis,
[2 Dodson's E.,210,] decided m the year 1817, and by justices
Bailey and Best, in the case of Madrazo us. Willis, [3 Barn.
and Aid. It.,- 353,] m the year 1820.1'
***********
" The doctrine asserted in La Jeune Eug&nie"—
which the Senator has read—
"was not fully recognized by the Supreme Court of the
United States in the subsequent case of the Antelope, [10
Wheat. R., 211"]—
that is the case from which I read—
" but its declaration by my father was an advancing step iir
international jurisprudence,-and it is to be hoped that the
time is at hand when it will be the acknowledged law of
nations."
Now, what is to be said to that? While I am
upon this subject, £ may as well refer to the vol-
ume of Justinian. As the Senator from New
York remarks, the volume was passed to me by
the Senator from Georgia, [Mr. Toombs,] who-
culled my attention to the subject,and I find that
it is badly translated. Here is the original:
" Servitiis est constitvtio juri>> gentium, qu/t quis dominio
alieno contra naturam subjicitur• Servitude is a constitution
of the law of nations by which a person is subjected to the
dominion of another against nature/'
Is it necessary for me to pursue this subject
further, and to answer the entire tirade which the
gentleman has given and read in relation to the
horrors of slavery ? for that seems to be his true
object in getting up. He surely did not expect
to deceive himself, or the Senate, by the declara-
tion made in his opening, that he was going to
refute mc by quoting decisions of the Supreme
Court of the united States, and then citing the
decisions of one judge given prior to the decision
which I had cited, and confessed by the author
who narrates it to have been overruled by the
subsequent decision. It is idle to pursue this
subject further. The principles are too plain to
be controverted.
Mr. HALE. Mr. President, I do not intend
to go into this legal question at all, because I
endeavored to get the floor before either of the
Senators on that point. Whenever I have occa-
sion to quote legal authority on the subject of
slaver jr, f shall not go to the Supreme Court of
the United States, which I have twice on this floor
pronounced to be the citadel of slavery, for which
I have been censured. I have practiced law some-
what, and I have learned this one lesson—never
to  o into your enemy's camp for witnesses. I
will abide by this lesson.
But, sir, there was one remark of the Senator
from Louisiana, to which I wish to call attention.
I listened 4,o that honorable Senator with great
pleasure, as I always do, on account of his ac-
knowledged ability, his great eloquence, his very
persuasive powers, his mellifluous voice, his win-
ning and graceful manner. All this only makes
me regret that he is in a wrong position. "He did*
however* make to-day one admission for which
I thank him (to use his own eloquent phrase) from
my heart of hearts. When 1 saw members of
that political communion to which he has joined
himself, congratulate him, I felt that I should like
to rcccivc such an accession. { know that he
will never be put on probation, but he will be
taken right in the first day; he will be admitted
to the third degree when he gives the first tap,,
[laughter;] there is no doubt about that. When
I saw them come up and congratulate him and
