368
appendix to the congressional globe.
[April 4,
34th Cong....1st Sess.
Admission of Kansas*—Mr. Douglas*
Senate.
his Indian speculations. He recognised tHemas
& Legislature duly elected awl organized, fully
competent to enact laws which would be binding
upon the people of K-ausw. Ho awarded to all
nea the privilege of contesting the election of
each member before the certificate issued. Con- j
tests were had before him, and he decided each
cass upon the facts presented. He set aside the j
returns ia seven districts; he confirmed them in
eleven. Hence the presumption is, thai, if there j
had been frauds, in the other eleven, somebody (
would hare come forward with their complaints, j
Inasmuch as you could not find ten men to sign ;
a; remonstrance, and one man to swear to it, la
the other election districts, the fair presumption-
is that there were no such frauds in those districts .
as would authorise him to set them aside. |
The Senator from Vermont now ssjrs that the i
reason why the eleetio wa  not contested in one
of those districts was because the messenger who
was sent with the protest did not reach tne Gov-
ernor until it was an hour too late. I ana much
obliged to him for that statement. He tells us
in the minority report that they were so intimi-
dated and subdued and frightened by violence
that they dare not do it.
It seems that they get over their fright, and
now the author of the minority report has got
over his, so fnx as, to find that they did dare to
protest and contest, They did it in seven dis-
tricts. They tried to da it in one more, but were
an hour too late. "Why did they not try in the
other ten districts ? Evidently for the reason that
there were no facts upon which they could do it.
Now, let us look at the evidence. I called at-
tention in the majority report, and also in the i
remarks which I made the other day., to the fact
that the Legislature, when it assembled at Paw- :
nee, three months after the alleged invasion,!
passed a resolution authorizing any man who ;
chose to contest the seatof any member in either j
House. Men did come forward to contest the
steals of seven of the members then present, but
they did not contest the others. Did they not
know at that time, three months' subsequent to
the election, that Kansas had been conquered ?
Governor Reedec did not know it. Why ? He
addressed a message to the Legislature, in which
he. invoked the blessings of Heaven upon those
-very men there assembled while engaged in the
performance of their high and patriotic duties !
He recommended them to pass laws on all right-
ful subjects of legislation. Did not the giac.Abcii-
tiaa members who were eleeted at the second
election, and who then held seats, in the House
under the Governor's certificate, know thai Kan-
sas-had been conquered ? Did not the representa-
tives from Lawrence knowit? Did not the Aboli-
tion representative elected at the first election,
Mr. Houston, from Pawnee^Jtnow it ? Yet when
you look through the reports, hath of the ma-
jority and minority, of the legislative committee,
you find that in that contest before the Legisla-
ture. thete was-no protease that fraud or violence
had bean practiced outside of the seven disputed
districts. Is it not singular that itsboald remain
a profound secret until they determined to, form
a.State gQves&Btent, and. o*ectbrow the existing;
territorial garernmant established by Congress?
Mr. President, I have said enough to bringr
back the points* to. the. poaiuaniii which I left
thenii in my former speech. I ami not going to
follow the Senator from Vermont through all bis*
criticisms on the majority report. They are not.
of a. character which callfon aireply; at this time,
bob would it b« fair to detain the Senate foe that
purpose at this, late hour.
The Senatrn feow Vermont has exphuaed what
b* ntoatt£ by the want "• experiment in. his mi-
nority report—the natural, and perhaps unavoid-
able, consequence.ofwhiehwouid be violence and
bio ode bed. He says he alluded U  the experi- I
BWHt of th® Nebraska bill, by which the question
of stavery was, foar the first time in our history,
left u> the decision of the people. What is the
objection to leaving the. decision of that, as well
ss all other local and domestic questions, to the
people who aire immediately interested in it?
His objection is that it: has a tendency to bring
opposing elements and inflammable materials into
collision, from whieh violence may be appre-
hended^. Doss not the sane objection apply, to
all other questions which involve the interests and
excite the passions of men, as well as the ques-
tion of slavery ? Does it not apply to the Maine
liquor law, to railroad controversies, to taxation,
to schools, to the locauon of country seats, to
the division of counties? In short, does it not
apply to all questions of legislation which affect
the property and enlist the feelings and passions
of the community? If the objection be a valid
one against the ^Nebraska bill in respect to the
slavery question, it applies in a greater or less
degree to every other subject cwlegislation in
proportion as it affects the interests and feelings
of the people. It is an objection to the funda-
mental principles upon which all free Govern-
ments rest, and which, when admittedtobe valid,
drives us irresistibly to despotism .The argument
is that the people should not be permitted to vote
upon a question involving their social and do-
mestic systems, lest there might arise a diversity ;
of opinion which might possibly degenerate into
quarrels and controversies, and terminate inr vio-
lence ! Hence, it would seem to follow that, if
the people were allowed any voice in making
their own laws, it should be confined to those in-
significant questions in which they feel no inter-
est, and in regard to which there coukl be no
probability of a diversity of opinion ! Precious
boon—to allow the people to vote when they feel
no interest iii the question, and deny them the
privilege when they do, for fear they will differ
in opinion and became excited about it! This is
"the experiment"—"the voice of a mistaken
law"—to which the- Senator from Vermont traces
all the difficulties in Kansas! He seems to be
under the impression that this "experiment" is
now introduced into our legislation for the first
time in respect to the slavery question by the
Nebraska bill! He makes the Nebraska act a far
more important measure—one reflecting infinitely
more credit upon its author than I ever claimed
for it! I was under the impression that the same
principle, or experiment, as he. prefers to call it,
was involved and affirmed in the compromise
measures of I860, and incorporated into the
platforms of the Whig party and of the Demo-
cratic party at Baltimore in. 1853, as a rule of
action by which each party pledged itself to be
governed in all future controversies upon the sla-
very question. Did not the acts for the organiza-
tion ot the Territories of Utah and New Mexico
try the same " experiment?" Were not those
acts based on the same principle ? Did not those
acts " leave the people perfectly free to form and
regulate their domestic institutions in their own
way, subject only to the Constitution of the
United States," with the guarantee that, when
admitted into the Union, they should be re-
ceived " with or without slavery," as their con-
stitution should provide at the time of admission?
Did violence and bloodshed, result as the natural,
and perhapsunavoidable, consequences of this ex-
periment in 1850 ? Have any such consequences
resulted from the same experiment in Nebraska
in 1Q54?' If violence and bloodshed are the nat-
ural consequences of much an experiment, why
have not the same causes produced like effects
elsewhere as well as in Kansas ? 1 would like to
have this inquiry answered by the Senator from
Vermont, or by the Senator from New York,
[Mr. Sbward,] who has indorsed his report, and
pledged himself to make good its positions. I:
will give them the1 benefit of my answer now.
There were no emigrant aid societies, in 1850.
There wiere no organized systems of foreign in-
terference in either of those Territories! The
emigrant aid societies have not extended their-
opjiittiiMis to Nebraska! The " experiment" of
self-government—that vice of a " mistaken Inw"
—has had fair piay in Nebraska; hence nothing'
has occurred m that Territory to disturb the
peace and quiet of the inhabitants. On the con-
trary, in Kansas, where there has been organized;
foreign interference—where the emigrant aid soci-
eties concentrated all their efforts to control the
domestic institutions and local- legislation of the j
Territory—violence and bloodshed have resulted j
as the natural consequence, not of the " vice of:
a mistaken law," but of their experiment of for-
eign interference with the domestic concerns of
a distant Territory.
But the-Senator frora Vermont has made ons
concession, for which I return him my acknowl-
edgments. He admits that, by the Constitution
of the United States, each State has a right to
decide the slavery question for itself, and that this
right could have been exercised by the people of
Kansas,-when they should form a constitution,
preparatory to their admission into the Union,
even if the Nebraska bill had not repealed the
Missouri compromise. I thank him for this ad-
mission. I hope those with whom he acts will
indorse the proposition. Then I would like to
have him and them explain what harm the re-
peal has done, and why they desire to have it
restored ? If Kansas coulcl have become a slave
Stale before as well as now, what is the use of
restoring the Missouri compromise ?
Mr. SEWARD. The honorable Senator will
excuse me for calling his attention to a misappre-
hension under which he labors with regard to
the remark of the Senator from Vermont, who is
now absent, which is the only reason why I
interpose.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I yield the floor with
pleasure.
Mr. SEWARD. I beard a large portion of the
Senator's speech, and I did not understand him to
say,- that a State would have the right to come
into the Union with or without slavery, as her
people pleased, if the compromise act had not
been repealed. I understood him to say that, after
coming in, it would have the right to establish or
prohibit slavery.
Mr. TOOMBS and several other Senators.
No, no.
Mr. DOUGLAS. On the contrary, he took
the distinct ground that a State, when its people
assembled to form a constitution, preparatory to
admission, had the right to come in with or
without slavery, even under the Missouri com-
promise.
Mr. SEWARD. I did not hear that.
Mr. DOUGLAS. My colleague come to the
same conclusion the other day in his speech. We
seem to be making converts to the true doctrine.
It is a sound constitutional principle. If we get
men to admit that a State has the right, when she
forms her constitution, either to have slavery or
not, to adopt or reject it, as she pleases, it is a
pretty good step towards the doctrine of the
Nebraska bill. When that admission is made, I
want to know what you all mean when you talk
about a breach of faith in the repeal of the Mis-
souri compromise? You have all been in the
habit of saying on the stump, and wherever else
you had the opportunity, that by the Nebraska-
Dill we had broken a covenant which dedicated
Kansas and Nebraska to freedom " forever. "
We are now told that " forever" means " here-
after," and lasts only until there are people
enough to form a State, and that no particular
number is required for. that purpose.
Tbe Senator from. Vermont attempts to ridi-
cule the Nebraska bill beeause it contains a pro-
vision declaring* the Constitution of the United
States to be in force in the Territory. He desires
to know who- ever doubted that such would be
the case without that provision-? Who was ever
silly enough to- suppose that the Constitution
could be extended, by law over a Territory which
it did not reach witbiout such law ? I will answer
his question. I will tell him the roan. I>t was no
less a person than Daniel Webster—New Eng-
land's great statesman, whom she delighted to call'
the gpeat expounder of the Constitution; Sena-
tors who were then members of this body have
not forgotten, and will not soon- forget, the de-
bate between Mr. Webster and Mr. Calhoun upon
this very point, in which the- former contended!
that the Constitution of the United States did not
extend over the Territories without an act of Con-
gress to that effect; while, on the other hand, tho
great Carolinian insisted that the Constitution
was coextensive with the limits and covered all
the Territories pertaining to the Republic. With-
out indorsing the peculiar opinions of Mr. Web-
ster on this point, Mr. Clay did not hesitate, in
deference to them, to adopt, in the compromise
of 1850, the identical provision which fhe Senator
from Vermont now attempts to ridicule, under the
supposition that [ introduced it into the Nebraska
act for the first time in our legislation. I copied
the prevision front the compromise 'measures of
