THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
August 7,
ginia will confine his remarks to the amendment
under consideration.
Mr. BOCOCK. Well, sir, in these dismissions
it is very difficult for the Chair to determine what
will be the application of a gentleman's remarks
until his five minutes' time is about out. t hope
the Chair will give me time to develop my pur-
pose.' [Laughter.] I was going on to say that
the amendments submitted by the chairman of
the Committee on Naval Affairs [Mr. Benson]
were reported by a committee, and "were entitled
to-stand precisely in the same position in winch
they would have stood if they had been reported
by the Committee of Ways and Means as a part
of. the bill. When the Committee of Ways and
Means reported these estimates back to the t-Iouse
of Representatives, and had them referred to the
Committee on Naval Affairs, I suppose they ex-
pected a report; but when the Committee on
JNaval Affairs attempted to discharge their duty,
and place these provisions where they would have
been, if left with the Ways and Means, gen-
tlemen of that committee tell us that we are not
in- order. They say it is not 111 pursuance of
existing law. Well, sir, why is it less in pur-
suance of existing law to enlarge and improve a
navy-yard at Boston and Philadelphia, by pur-
chasing a little land, than it is to erect buildings
and build walls m the navy-yards, which the
Committee of Ways and Means have provided
for,in the bill ?
Mr. PHELPS. I must rise to a question of
order.
The CHAIRMAN. Xt is very difficult for the
Ghair to tell what application the gentleman Tuna
Virginia will make of his remaiks to the amend-
ment.
, Mr. PHELPS. I merely rose to ft (tuestion
of order, because I thought the gentleman JVom
Virginia was about to administer a rebuke to the
Committee on Naval Affairs for thru u-missiH-^s 1
in n$t reporting these appropriations in a sepa-
rate bill. [Laughter.]
Mr. BOCOCli. The Committee of Ways and j
Means, of which my friend from Aliasouri in a j
member, had these estimates referred to the Com- 1
mittee on Naval Affairs; and when the Committee ;
on Naval Affairs undertakes to n.-poit the pro-'
visions for the appropriations as amendments to
this bill, the gentleman from Missouri is the very
man who objects.
Mr. PHELPS. I will merely way to my friend
from Virginia, that the Committee of Ways and
Means had the estimates referred fo the Com-
mittee on Naval Affairs for the pmpose of giving-
that committee an opportunity of providing lbr
them in a separate (nil.
Mr. BOCOCK. Why is it (hat the Committee
of Ways and Means can put then-appropriations
on the general approptiatinn bills \vhate\er ilit-y
are, but when the Committee on Naval Yli'airs,
to whom the same subjects have been lefeuvd,
wish to do the Name tiling, they are told that they
must take their chances in a separate bill? i ask ;
how it is that this Com mil tee of Ways and ATeans 1
Bets itself up to engross all these favors? Does :
the gentleman from Missouri pretend to say, that |
if the Committee of Ways and Means had taken '
charge of these estimates themselves, and had
believed the appropriations proper, they would,
instead of including them in Lite appropriation
bill, have brought them forward in a separate,
bill ? Why should the Committee on Naval Affairs
be required to do so? We wish to embark these
little appropriations in the broad bottom of the
general appropriation bill; but the gentleman from
Missouri and the Committee of Ways and Means
tell us they claim the whole occupancy of that,
and that we must launch our separate lit tic barks
to take their chances upon the stormy waters of
this uncertain House. Now, sir, if you will look
into that bill you wili find that most of the items in
it are precisely of the same character as those
reported from the Committee on Naval Affairs for
the improvement of the navy-yards at Boston,
Philadelphia, and Norfolk. What I ask is, that ■
the same rule which has been applied to the
Committee of Ways and Means shall be applied
to the Committee on Naval AiTairs.
Mr. LETCHER.. I withdraw my amendment.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio. For the purpose
of making a remark in reply to the gentleman ,
from Virginia, [Mr. Bocock.,] I move to increase •
the appropriation $600. j
Now, Mr. Chairman, I think there has been
quite enough said, during the present session, in
regard to the disposition of the Committee of
Ways and Means to absorb all the business of
legislation.
Mr. KNOX. I rise to a question of order. I
insist that the gentleman shall confine himself to
the discussion of the amendment under consider-
ation.
The CHAIRMAN. It is very difficult for the
Chair to determine what application the gentle-
man may make of his remarks just now. The
Chair thinks the remarks of the gentleman just
now are a little foieign to the amendment under
consideration.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I do not wish to proceed
out of order. My object was to vindicate the
Committee of Ways and Means from the charges
which have been preferred against them. The
Committee of Ways and Means, after a careful
examination of the estimates which were sent
to them by the House, discovered that there were
certain items which were not necessary for car-
rying out existing laws, and were not, therefore,
proper to be inserted in the appropriation bill.
That committee, therefore, directed their chair-
man to report back to the House the estimates,
with the recommendation that they be referred
to the Committee on Naval Affairs, in order that
that committee might mature and perfect a bill
providing for them, bring it before the House,
and have it acted upon in the way pointed out
by the rules. Now, sir, if this committee has
failed to discharge its duties properly—and I do
not stand here to say that it has—I ask whether
the charge which the gentleman from Virginia
has preferred against the Committee of Ways
and Means, charging them with the responsibil-
ity, is a proper one? It is now asked that this
liou.se .should stultify Us own action in order
that the Conumtiee ouNa\al Allaire may rehuvfl
themselves from responsibility.
Sir, fhe same fhi.ig was said the other day by
the chairman of the Committee on M-luaiyAf-
fatis, [Mr. Quitman".] Early in the present ses-
sion a rt commendation was sent fo the House by
the President for an appropriation of $3,1)00,000
to improve your arms. The Committee of Ways
and Means were then charged, as now, with'a
disposition toabsoib all the business of the House.
The estimate was then sent to the Committee on
Military Affairs; but, so far as I am aware, that
committee has not reported -any bill upon the
subject; at least no bill has been acted on.
ri he Committee of Ways and Means have en-
deavored, so far as it was in its power, to get rid
of every one of the estimates and recommenda-
tions not rlea>ly ih eessary to eariy out existing
laws. It has endeavored to clear itself of any-
thing like independent legislative power.
Mr. BENSON. It is well known that some
months since, veryearly after the organization of
the House, the general appropriation bills were
made the special order for Tuesday, Wednesday,
and Thursday of evei y week until disposed of.
It is well known that Mondays are resolution
days, and that Fridays and Saturdays are set
apart for the consideration of private business.
The matters to which the gentleman has alluded
were referred to the Committee on Naval Affairs,
in order that they might be consideicd; and it
was supposed, when acted on, if recommended,
they were to be sent to the Committee of Ways
and Means. It seems, however, that the Com-
mittee on Naval Affairs misapprehended what was
expected from them by the Committee of Ways
and Means. No intimation was <?iven by the
Ways and Means Committee that these subjects
were to be presented in a bill from the Committee
on Naval Affairs, nor has that course been here-
tofore pursued. The Committee on Naval Af-
fairs were of the opinion that, when they had
examined and recommended these appropriations,
which was done, they would be taken m charge
by the Committee of Ways and Means, and there
would be some chance of their passage through
the Houso under the special order relating to the
appropriation bills.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I have no doubt, if the
gentleman had reported and carried through
Congress a law authorizing these appropriations,
that the Committee of Ways and Means would
have reported them in this bill. The Committee
of Ways arid Means does not see that it luu any
authority to recommend appropriations unauthor-
ized by law.
Mr. BENSON. I was remarking, when in-
terrupted, that it was supposed by the Committee
on Naval Affairs, that the object was to transfer
the responsibility ] if I maybe allowed to use the
expression in all kindness, the duty properly
belonging to that committee—that the Committee
of Ways and Means desired the opinion of the
Committee on Naval Affairs on the subjects re-
ferred.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I will ^suggest a case in
point. After the bill for the legislative, executive,
and judicial expenses of the Government was re-
ported, an act was passed increasing the number
of the officers of the Court of Claims; and when
the bill was pehding the Committee of Ways and
Means altered the appropriation so as to make it
conform to the requirements of the law. And just
so, I doubt not, the Committee of Ways and
Means would have acted had the Committee on
Naval Affairs reported and Congress passed a law
authorizing these appropriations. Without such
law, we have no authority to report them. That
is the only excuse the Committee of Ways and
Means have to tender the Committee on Naval
Affairs.
Mr. BENSON. The only excuse the Com-
mittee on Naval Affairs have for not presenting
a bill, in addition to what I have already said, is,
that they did not suppose, with the appropriation
of the time of the House to the special order, if
they had reported a bill, that it would be acted on
at this session. But after the demonstration this
morning, I give notice 1 will, on Monday next,
ask to report a bill embracing those projects.
Mr. CAMPBELL withdrew his amendment.
Mr. CADWALADER. I move to amend by
increasing the appropriation $100. Mi. Chair-
man, I move this amendment for the purpose of
announcing that there is a strong reason why,
on Monday next, unanimous consent should be
given to the intended application of the gentle-
man from Maine [Mr. Benson] for leave to
report the bill of which he has given notice. 1
trust, that on that day the House will also give
a unanimous consent to the consideration of the
bill. The navy-yard at Philadelphia is the only
one which, in time of hostilities with any great
maritime Power, affords a seeuie shelter for the
construction of ships of war for the Government.
That exposure to the assaults of armed vessels
of the enemy, which at other points is invited by
the construction of ships of war, will not be in-
curred here. This navy-yard is not of one fifth
of the average extensional area of the navy-yards
of our country. The length of the water front,
moreover, is not more than about one fifth of the
average extension of their water fronts. In short,
the navy-yard is unusually small, where one of
unusually large dimensions would be desirable.
The object of the bill is to obtain a small addition
of only about five acres of adjacent land, which
will not add more than about one hundred and
sixty-one feet to the present river front. This is
an inadequate addition; but it is all that is, or
will ever be, procurable. A year or two hence it
may be impossible to secure it at all. Buildings
I already, in every direction, crowd closely on the
| navy-yard. The present space is so scanty, that
| a large man-of-war steamer, such as the Wabash,
| or the Susquehanna, cannot be constructed and
I take in her machinery without overlaying pri-
| vate property after she is launched. If the pro-
; posed addition should not be made, the rapidity
I of improvement in the neighborhood will soon
I render it impossible to use even that prccari-
| ous privilege. At present there is not space
i on the river front for more than two ships to be
| moored at the yard at once. Vessels of war are
I often compelled for this reason to use the river
; front of adjacent or neighboringland. There has
j hitherto been no space for the construction of
j slips or docks for the protection of the public
! vessels. The vessels have remained exposed to
ice and other obstructions, against which they
may be protected if the proposed addition can be
obtained.
In order to show that there is nothing imagin-
ary m these evils—to show their practical char-
acter by a single example—I may add, that the
receiving ship, to which the recruits for the naval
service are temporarily taken, is moored for win-
ter quarters at a private dock described in papers
