1856.
TIJE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
among the files of the Naval Committee, as " al- |
most wholly out of the jurisdiction of the navy- I
yard." One of these papers states in effect that, !
while the United States are thus subjected to .
charges: which ought to be saved in a navy-yard
of the Government, the recruits are exposed to j
inducements to desertion, and other temptations, j
from which great evils to the naval service may
result.
I say nothing of the usefulness of this navy-
yard as a place for the construction of war steam-
ers, from its immediate proximity to iron found-
ries of well-known excellence, whose advantages
in the abundant local supply of iron and of fuel
are equally well known. I say nothing of the
ready supply of machinery always at hand,
and of other local considerations in favor of this
navy-yard. I have confined myself to consider-
ations of a general character, interesting alike
to the whole nation, i thank the House for the
attention they have given to remarks which,
though perhaps not strictly in order, are not in-
appropriate to a subject which has engaged a
part of our attention this morning.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. 1 insist that gentle-
men shall confine their remarks to the amend-
ment under consideration. I give notice that I
shall hereafter object to all irrelevant speeches.
The question was taken on Mr. Cadwaladlr's
amendment; and it was disagreed to.
Mr. MILLSON. I offer the following amend-
ment:
For continuing ship-house No. 48, at Norfolk navy-yard,
$30,000.
Mr. Chairman, it will be perceived that I have
drawn the amendment so as to avoid the point of
order raised just now. I have drawn it in this
form, not for the purpose of evading the ques-
tion, for in point of fact the appropriation is
designed for continuing rather than for com-
mencing it. The building in question is already
erected. The new steamer lately launched from
the Grosport navy-yard was required to be speed-
ily built, and a temporary building was erected, i
It is to provide for converting that temporary 1
building into a permanent building, that my eui- :
league offered the amendment, which, on account
of the use of the word " commencing," was held j
to be out of order. I
But, sir, I will send to the Clerk's desk to be i
read, an explanation from the Department, show- \
ing that the building has already been erected, !
and that the object of the appropriation is to make :
it permanent. i
The explanation was read, and is as follows:
" A tempouiry shed lias lecently been creeled upon thi<
site for the protection of the steam frigate now Jiuildnu;,
and being only for an uigent occasion, it wus not eon-
stiucu-d in a nianuer to ]Uatiiy a iuitiier dependence upon
its use after this ship should have been launched.
•• The importance of tins, bite for building laigc ships mu°t
be consideied paramount to any other at present available
on the yard, and demands a laige and permanent house to
cover it. I would therefore lecommoiid that an appropri-
ation be a&ked for to commence tins building and to obiam
matenals, of $30,000."
Mr. MILLSON. This building has already
been commenced—that is to say, the temporary
building was erected last year, and the object of
this appropriation is to continue the work so as
to convert it into a permanent building. This 1
appropriation is not asked for by me. It is
one of the regular estimates of the Depaitment,
and the committee will find it in the returns
of the Secretary of the Navy; but it was omitted
by the committee at the time, on account of their
not having received full returns of the^vhole cost,
which is now estimated at $77,000.
The committee has decided, improperly, I think,
that if the appropriation was for the commence-
ment of a building, it would not be in order; but
when it is for the continuation of a work already
commenced, it is as much in order as an appro-
priation for a custom-house would be, after a law
had passed for the purchase of a site on which
to erect one. No new law is required for the
construction of a building after the land has been
ceded to the Government under a previous law.
So, here, the navy-yard having been established
and located for the purpose of receiving this and
other necessary buildings, the appropriation now
asked for being simply to erect one of these
buildings, it is entirely a different case from that
decided by the Chair, in reference to an appro-
priation for the purchase of additional land.
I make this explanation, for, in the first place, j
the amendment was prejudiced by a misappre- 1
hension of the point of order as to its changing j
the existing law; and secondly, by a misappre- ;
hension of the committee as to the "appropriation '
being designed for the commencement, rather than
the continuation, of the work—it being really
intended to-provide for the continuation of a work
aheady commenced.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio. I raise a point of
order, and 1 beg leave to refer the Chair to a letter
of the Secretary of the Navy, in miscellaneous
document No. 6b, in which the estimate is found
for this very work contemplated by the gentle-
man from Virginia. It says: "for commencing
ship-house No. 48, $3,000." The gentleman has
ably spoken in favor of his amendment, but he
has evaded the real point. There is no law au-
thorizing the construction of a ship-house there.
The point of order has already been settled by
the Chair when the amendment was proposed by
the gentleman's colleague.
The CHAIRMAN/ The Chair has decided all
these amendments which have been offered under
the 81st rale, which says:
" No appiojii i.Uions sdmll be reported m -ueh general ap-
propriation bills, or be in oiderasan am^iKhiH-nubereto, for
any expenditure not pieviou^ly authou/ed by law, unless
in contmuanon of appiops union-', for such public woiks and
objects as aie alrcartv m process," &e.
The only duty of the Chair is to decide upon
the regularity of the amendment under the rule.
Upon the question of fact, as to whether this
appropriation is for a public work already in prog-
ress, or Authorized by law, it is impossible for the
Chair to decide. If there is no law authorizing
this expenditure, it is not in order: if there is such
a law, it is in order, and it is for the House to
determine. This amendment, as drawn, is in
order, and the Chair has to decide upon the form
of the amendment.
The amendment was not agreed to.
Mr. B1LLTNGHURST offered the following
amendment to the appropriation for printing
hydrographical surveys, &c.:
In ^'tiling the account-, oi Lieutenant J, M. GJli-s sub-
sequent to the  S'„'pi<nubor, 1 tlm accounting < Hi-
cn, o' thr Tie'! urj air h i«'l>\ di.cciedlo pav him, while
(>fop:mn\f the ;^honomieal and otln-i nnsei vatuui- made in
Objii, 01 hie iate fixed by the m t in.ikm<r appropriation => Kn
the naval m rviee, uppioved Mil1 eh '.J, lbjJ.
Mr. LETCHER. I raise a point of order upon
that amendment.
The C1IAIKMAN. The Chair sustains the
i point of order, and decides the amendment out of
| order.
Mr. BILLINGHURST. Let tne call the atten-
I tion of the Chuir to the existing law.
Mr. LETCHER. I object to any debate.
Mr. BILLING-HURST. The Chair is clearly
in error. .
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair will hear tne
law on the subject.
Mr. BILLI'-NGHURST. The law of 18al
directs that the superintendentof the naval astro-
nomical expedition to Chili—as directed by the
act of August 3, 1848—shall receive the same
amount of salary as is allowed to the superin-
tendent of the naval observatory at Washington,
while 111 charge of the expedition, provided that
the pay and emoluments of said oi'Kee shall not
exceed m any one year the turn of ^3,000.
.Now, Al i'. Chairman, 1 will state that tnat 1&.W
remains on the statute-book. Lieutenant G'lliss
was appointed in 184o, and lias continued m
charge of she expedition, and has been allowed
his salary, at the"rate of $3,000 a year, to theoth
September, J855. There lias been no change of
that law. It is only by the arbitrary decision of
the Secretary of the Navy that his pay has been
reduced to $1,200 per year. The amendment is
clearly in order, because it is in pursuance of ex-
istuisifluw, and simply directs the Auditor of the
Treasury to settle with him, in pursuance of this
law, instead of obeying the mandate of the Sec-
retary of the Navy, which I regard as being
without law. It is for the purpose of showing
that that decision of tlie Secretary of the Navy is
unlawful, and that Lieutenant Gilliss must be con-
tinued in the receipt of his salary.
The CHAIRMAN. The objection to tne
amendment is, that it changes the law to which
the gentleman refers. That directs the pay to be
■A3 000 while on the expedition. The amendment
proposes that it shall be paid while preparing the
charts. It therefore changes, the existing &w,
and is out of order.
Mr. STRANAHAN offered the following
amendment, to come in after line two huiidrea
and two;
Provided, That the charts shall .be* sold, when com-
pleted, and the instruments used be of American manufac-
ture ; ",
so as to make the paragraph read:
For printing mid publishing sailing directions, liydro-
giaphtcal surveys, and astronomical observations, $lo,000:
Provided. &c. . .
Mr. PHELPS. I rise to a question of order
in respect to that KnowNothing sort of an amend-
ment. It is not germane, and not in orde*. -
The CH A] RM AN. The Chair thinks that the
committee has a right to determine what- kind
of instruments are to be used, and decides the
amendment in order.
Mi\ PRTNGLE demanded tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Pringle and
Keitt were appointed.
Mr. PHELPS. I desire to ask the gentleman
from New York [Mr. Stranahan] whether he
desires to compel the Navy Department to sell
these charts, and is not willing to have tliem
given away and to he placed on board of rtyen of
war unless they be paid for? Is that his Ameri-
canism?
Mr. STRANAHAN. The object Is simply
thi  
The CHAIRMAN. Debate is out of order.
The House divided; and the tellers reported—
ayes 71, noes 48. ,
So the amendment was agreed to.
Pending the vote,
Mr. Bl'LLINGHURST offered the following
amendment, to come in in line two hundred anu.
five:
fn wettlm-* the accounts of Lieutenant J. M. Gilliss, sub-
sequent to Sepicmfoei, 3855, the accounting officers of the
TriM-tuv aie h^iehv dueuted to pay hun, while in charge
oftUat expedition, and piepanng us results* for publication,
at the iate fi*ed bv tin* act making appropriations for the
naval so vice, approved March 185 L.
Mr. LETCHER. I rise to a question of order.
That amendment is not germane to the bill.
Mr. BILLINGHURST. 1 have changed the
amendment to meet the objection which the Chair
made a moment ago. I have followed, ill the
amendment as it now stands, the language of the
law, and 1 apprehend it is in order.
Mr. FLORENCE. Oh! that is clearly legis-
lation which it is not proper to insert in an ap-
propriation bill.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair thinks the
amendment is not in order.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Pennsylvania, under
instructions of tlie Committee of Ways and
Means, moved to reduce the appropriation to
$25,732 6G, in the following clause:
For pi-cpiinnsi for publication tlie American Nautical
Almanac, £-26,880.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio, under instructions
from the Committee of Ways and Means, moved
to add, at tlie end of tlie bill, the following addi-
tional section:
See. 2. Jind le if further enacted, TUat out of the sum
of .ysi/iOl) appiopiuueii bj tlie <u-t making appropriations
fur the H.ivat soviet lor the year ending Juu«0, 1856, ap-
liiovert Muich 3, !t«)i contingencies of tlie marine
ce.n-. tli-re he allowed and paid any expenses which have
heei) niruiiYi] lor the puipo.-e of introducing gas into auar-
ter^i hospital, headquarters, and for lighting the same.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I now move that the
committee rise and report the bill to the House.
The motion was agreed to.
So the committee rose; and the Speaker pro
tempore. (Mr. Jones Tennessee) having taken
the Chair, Mr. Richardson reported that the
Committee of the Whole on the state, of the
Union had, according to order, had the Union
generally under consideration, and particularly
the bill of the House (No. 189) making appro-
priations for tlie naval service for the year entling
the 30th of June, 1857, and had instructed him
to report the same to the House with sundry
amendments. .
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio, calledfor the pre-
vious question on the bill.
The previous question was seconded; and the
main question ordered to be put.
By unanimous consent, the amendments were
