1856.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1099
w
themselves on the accession, as well they might, I
wished to congratulate the Republican party on
just such another accession.
There was one sentence which fell from his
lips for which I thank him, and for which I con-
gratulate him; and that is a declaration and ad-
mission, on the floor of the Senate* which I have
labored for ten yeafs past to establish in the hearts
and minds of my northern friends. I have spent
days and nights, and words and breath, before a
northern constituency, to prove exactly the prop-
osition which to-day, thank God, is admitted—
that on the question of slavery, Whigs and Dem-
ocrats all stand together. Sir, tliere lias been
more breath spent in northern States before the
anti-slavery men to prove that, than—I was going
to say has been used in filling your Congressional
Globe during the same time, but I know that that
is an extravagant comparison. [Laughter.] That
has been the position which I have taken year in
and year out. 1 have seen Whigs sit and listen
to it with the most complacent incredulity, say-
ing " We do not believe a word of it." Sir, a sort
of convulsive shudder has come over their aris-
tocratic countenances when the idea has been
broached to them that they are to sit down in the
jmmo pen with the Locofocos whom they have
been abusing all their lives. There has been no
proposition that hag been advanced before our
northern constituencies so abhorrent to these lead-
ers as the fact, that, upon the great question—the
only question in which politics has any sense or
meaning at the present day—Whigs and Dem-
ocrats are just exactly the same thin*. Now we
are told that, when a man like the Senator from
Louisiana goes from the Whig party to the Dem-
ocratic, he changes his name, and not his princi-
ples; thus, I suppose, translating that old line—
" Q,)'i trans mare currunt ccslum non animum mutafur
Mr. SUMNER. Mutant.
Mr. HALE. Well, I was pretty nearly right.
I only substituted the passive for the active voice
of the verb. I believe the correct line is:
t( Cctlum non animum mutant quitrans mare cxim/nt."
Now I believe I have it correctly. But the
principal point to which I wished to direct at-
tention, was the-translation; I do notcare so much
about the Latin. It has become so fashionable
here to speak in Latin, that a man can hardly
maintain his reputation if he does not use a little
of it [laughter-,] and if we do not quote correctly
oiu* reporters fix it. It is good Latin when it gets
in the newspapers.
But, sir, the confession of which I have spoken
is one for which I thank the honorable Senator
from Louisiana. I beheve he is the first gentle-
man here, whom 1 have ever heard, that has had
the candor to admit it. It inaugurates a new
era; it gives us a new starting point. "We shall
haw no more wind to spend on that. It is ad-
mitted now that it does not need even the
necessity for that caution which the honorable
Senator from Texas [Mr. Houston] gave to his
story the other day. He told us of a man who,
when accused of saying that all the Democrats
' werfc rascals, replied that he had not said so; he
only said that all the rascals were Democrats.
[Laughter.] I suppose, now, that this declaration
will not want oven that modification. Whigs
ore Democrats, and Democrats are Whigs.
Names, not principles, are changed.
Mr. BENJAMIN. My remark was confined
to the slavery question.
Mr. IlALfi. Well, sir, that is the only ques-
tion which is before the country at this time.
Suppose apolitical meeting were now called, and
notice were given that the honorable Senator from
Louisiana w ould address it, and he were to go
with his silvery tones, or the honorable Senator
from Georgia, [Mr. Toombs,] with his thunder-
ing eloquence, and talk to the people about the
sub-treasury or the tariff, or a system of internal
improvements—why, sir, with all their powers
of eloquence, if they talked as long as they usually
do in the Senate, they could not keep a sufficient
number of the audience to put out the lights at
the end. The reason is evident. The people
have no interest and no feeling in those by-gone i
issues. The great question of the day has been j
truly characterized by the honorable Senator, j
am sorry to say that he ha?? not seen further into i
it. But I have hope of him. He knows what i
(lift question in, ana I hope that by-and-by he will :
see into the nature of the question, and the nature
of the controversy. I will not say that he has
misrepresented it, because that would be unworthy
of him and of me; but he has misunderstood it
altogether. At some other time I may undertake,
in my feeble way, to answer some of his posi-
tions. It will be no arrogance, even in a man of
my feeble powers, to undertake to answer him,
because his argument proceeded upon a total
misconception and misapprehension of what we
want. With his position he has argued it as a
Senator and a gentleman should do, and therefore
he is entitled to be answered.
I desire to say another word while I am occu-
pying the floor, as I do not wish to speak a^ain
on this Kansas question. I hope that I shalfnot
do so, and I have no doubt, Mr. President, that
you hope so too. I certainly shall not speak on
it again unless I am provoked to it. While i am
up, however, I desire to say a single word in
regard to another speech that was made on the
other side of the Chamber, a very considerable
portion of which was devoted to me and to some
friends svho sit near me, personal in its character
altogether. I cannot be provoked into such a
contest as that. When a man comes at me with
a speech utterly, totally, exclusively personal in
its character—grossly so—I tell him that I can-
not answer him; and he will find, I tlunk, in his
progress through life, that it will require some-
thing else besides malignity to redeem imbecility
from contempt. That is all my answer to that.
But, sir, for the confession, thus openly, thus
publicly made, on which I have commented, I
thank the Senator from Louisiana, and congrat-
ulate my friends.
Mr. CLAY. Mr. President, I presume that
the Senator from New Hampshire intended, in
his concluding remark, to allude to me. 1 wish
him to answer now whether he did intend his
remark for me ?
Mr. HALE. I did, sir.
Mr. CLAY. You did, sir?
Mr. IIALE. Yes, sir.
Air. CLAY. Let me say to that Senator then,
that I defy his malice as much as I contemn his
baseness. Let me say to that Senator, that no
man shall assail my rights or those of my con-
stituency, their character or mine, and shirk
responsibility by interposing the plea of non-
combatancy. Sir, if he had been animated by
those heroic feelings which he affects too poorly
to deceive, Jic would not come upon tins floor,
and, under the protection of the rules of this body,
seek immunity in his insolence. If he was that
man of war, which he modestly denies, while
vainly trying to play that character; if he was as
prompt to defend his honor and relieve his wiongs,
as he is keen to stimulate others by his incen-
diary appeals to violence and bloodshed, he would
not have sought redress, by words, on this floor,
where he is safe from personal injury. I will
I never permit his assaults without repelling them
in the manner which he deserves, notwithstand-
ing ho does not admit his responsibility, and
skulks behind petticoats on the plea of non-com-
batancy for protection.
Sir, I see that he is pleased by this attention,
jl know that there are those of Ins class who, like
' the pettifogger, Mark Meddle, in the play of
London Assurance, are ambitious of a kicking.
He sought it, while his imagination sported over
suits, costs, and damages. Before the Senator's
mental vision, public trusts, honors, and offices
arise as the rewards for his self-abasement and
humiliation. Sir, there are some who are will-
ing to riot in infamy, who are willing to invoke
contempt and obloquy, who are willing to sub-
mit to any debasement or degradation here, for
the poor triumph of promotion at home. He is
one of that class; but I will teach him before we
have been long associated 011 this floor, although
I have twice declined his acquaintance, when
sought by him, that he cannot assail me with
impunity.
1 have nothing more to say to that Senator; and
I beg pardon of the Senate for having consumed
so much time 011 one who soils the carpet upon
which he treads.
Mr. HALE. Mr. President, my answer was
made before the speech was made, except in re-
gard to one fact of which the Senator has spoken.
He says that I have sought hie acquaintance,
which he has repelled. I desice to folate the whole
facts in regard to that matter, and then, I think,
we shall stand in 51 position satisfactory to both
of us—certainly i£ will be satisfactory to me.
On one occasion, some years ago,"there was-a
citizen of Alabamain this city prosecuting a claim,"
before Congress to some considerable amount.
He had retained to prosecute that claim an attoi>
ney residing in this District, and that attorney
asked me, as I was a friend of his, to assist him
somewhat, as I had the entree 011 the floor, and I
told him that I would do so. The Senator from
Alabama who has just taken his scat was then
a member of the Committee on Claims, and this
bill was referred to that committee. A citizen
of Alabama was the claimant. I applied to the
other Senator from Alabama, [Mr. Fitzpatrick,]
whom I had known, he having been upon the
floor of the Senate with me, and I told him that
I desired to see his colleague upon a matter of
[ business, and I asked him if he would do me the
honor to introduce me to him. He said that ho
would go and s^e him. He camc back,and told
mo that he declined. That is the only occasion
when I ever sought any acquaintance with him,
or any introduction to him, of any sort or kind,
and then it was of a professional character, for a
citizen of Alabama, on business before him as a
member of the Senate, on which he declined to
see me. Other than that I have never sought his
acquaintance. I do not think I ever shall seek it,
unless it should be in my power to do him some
favor, which it is not very likely ever will be the
case; but that is the only occasion on which I
ever sought any introduction. The Senator from
Alabama who sits near me [Mr. Fitzpatrick]
can bear witness to the truth of what I say in this
respect.
Sir, it is not for me to boast and say that I do
not seek the society of anybody. I seek the
society of every gentleman who is willing to as-
sociate with me, and I so demeay^ myself that
nobody who is a gentleman declines it, unless
under some misapprehension. But, sir, I do not
tlunk that the crea'ive energy of Almighty power
has ever been developed yet in making any man
that I will look up to, or seek any elevation by
associating with nim; but I do not know what
may be done in the future progress of creative
power. I have no more to say in regard to any-
thing that the Senator has remarked.
Mr. CLA Y". I am not going to bring private
affairs before the Senate for decision*, neither
would I weigh my character for truth in the scales
with that of the Senator from New Hampshire,
j The man who will eat his own words in order to
; gratify his personal and political enmity; who
! will assume one proposition to-day and deny it
j to-morrow, with a view of traducing a political
i opponent; and who has done that publicly, as I
have exposed, 111 that Senator's assaults here on
the President of the United States—atone time
assailing him for interposing in the affairs of
Kansas,and again denying that he did interpose,
and assailing him for not doing so—with such a
man's word I know that mine will not suffer by
comparison.
Air. HALE. A single word will end this very
promptly. The Senator says that I eat my own
words. I have only to reply that I thmk I shall
lieve a much more palatable meal than he will
have in eating his.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I desire to say to the Senate
that I shall feel it to be my duty on next Thurs-
t day, after the Senator fro91 Michigan shall have
concluded, to ssk for a vote 011 this bill. I give
j this notice in order that those who wish to speak
! will be prepared to take the door prior to that time.
! Now, before I take my seat I have a word to
| say in good nature to the Senator from New
j Hampshire. He has thanked the Senator from
I Louisiana over and over again for the declaration
j that Whigs and Democrats stand on the same
t platform in regard to the Nebraska bill and the
1 question of slavery. Ho seams to be highly grat-
i ified that he has procured an admission from one
1 Senator that such is the case. Sir, if he chose he
could call me as a witness to the same fact, for I
i have proven it before. 1 have already on former
' occasions adverted to the fact, that both the Whig
j and Democratic parties in 1852 had the samcplat-
1 form on this question. The Senator from New
Hampshire comes forward now and congratulates
the country on the fact that he has an admission
that any Whig must go for the Nebraska bill in
