1856k).
APPENDIX TO TOR CONGRESSIONAL €ttOB&
363-
34th Conq....1st Sess.
Admission of Kansas—Mr. Douglas
$BN±TJS.
1850 for tke same reasons which induced Mr.
Clay to adopt it, although it is butfair to say that
I ne ver did concur in the opinion of Mr. Webster
that the Constitution did not apply to the Territo-
ries without an act of Congress carrying it there.
Mr. President, I have a few words to say to
th« Senator from New York [Mr. Srward] he-
fore I close my remarks. On the day I presented
to the Senate the report of the Committee on
Territories, and immediately after the minority
report was read at the Secretary's desk, he rose
and volunteered the pledge that he would make
good every position affirmed by it. As he has
the floor for the next speech upon this question,
he will be expected to redeem this pledge, or ac-
knowledge his inability to do so. One of these
positions is, that the "experiment " of allowing
the people to settle the slavery question for them-
selves in Territories preparatory to their admis-
sion into the Union was introduced into our legis- I
lation for the first time in the history of this i
Republic in the Kansas-Nebraska act; and that, '
if violence resulted from this experiment, as a
natural, and perhaps unavoidable, consequence, j
it was the "vice of a mistaken law." I call on I
the Senator from New York to sustain the truth !
of this allegation. I desire him to answer specif- ! i
icaJly whether the compromise measures of 1850
did not leave the people of New Mexico and Utah
perfectly free to decide the slavery question for
themselves, and guaranty their admission into
the Union with or without slavery, as their con-
stitution should provide at the time of admission ?
I ask him if he did' not oppose the bills for the
organization of those Territories at that time, for
the reason that, they did not contain the Wilmot
proviso prohibiting slavery, and for the reason
that they did contain the guarantee that they
should be admitted with or without slavery, as
they should decide for themselves?
When heanswers this question,I would like to.
have him explain at the same time whether he
did not stand pledged in 1852to sustain the Whig
Baltimore platform, and to support General Scott,
standing on that platform " with the resolutions,
annexed," to use his emphatic language; and
whether those resolutions did not bind General
Scott, and the party supporting him, to carry
out in good faith the compromise measures of
1850 " in substance and in principle.*"' 1 desire
a direct answer on these points, in order that the
Senate may judge how far he redeems his pledge
to make good the positions of the minority
report. 1 would like to have him explain the.
difference between the " experiment of the
compromise measures of 1850 and of the Kansas-
Nebraska act of 1854, in allowing the people to
decide the slavery question for themselves, and
whether that principle in each case was equally
the "vice of a mistaken law?" If he. shall an-
swer that he did regard both measures in the
same light, I should be gratified if he will explain
how it was that he united with the Whig party
in 1852 to sustain the " vice of that mistaken,
law," and now calls upon all the odds and ends,
fragments and portions of parties and isms, to.
merge all differences on other points, and form a
fusion with him on the isolate? point of eradicat-
ing this " vice of a mistaken law " in the name
of freedom and humanity? While he is por-
traying the beauties of negro freedom and equal-
ity, and demonstrating, the propriety of sacri-
ficing the political and constitutioual rights of
twenty millions of white people for the benefit of
three millions of negroes, 1 would be glad if he
would point out the advantages which the negro
will derive from the admission of Kansas with the
Topeka constitution. That constitution provides
that as long as Kansas shall be a State, as long
as water run* and grass grows, no negro, fbek
or licw, shall ever live or breathe under that
constitution.
Mr. SEWARD. Does the Senator wish me to
answer now ?
Mr. DOUGLAS. Yea, sir.
Mr. SEWARD. Then, my answer is, that
such being the Constitution, he is wrong, in his.
premises that I am desirous to admit the State of
Kansas for the benefit of the negro. It must be
for the benefit of the white man.
Mr. DOUGLAS. Am I to understand the
Senator that he. ha* abandoned the cause of the
negro upon, the ground that his freedom and
equality are inconsistent, with the rights of the
white man? What has become of his profeasiona
of sympathy for the poor negro ? What are we
to think of the sincerity of his professions upon
this subject
Mr. 55EWARIX That is another thing.
Mr. DOUGLAS. That is the very thing. If
all other considerations are to be made to yield to
the paramount object of prohibiting slavery in
I Kansas upon the ground that the inequality which
j it imposes is unjust to the negro, will that injus-
| tice be removed by adopting a constitution which
! in effect declares that the negro, whether free or
slave, shall never tread the soil, nor drink the
water, nor breathe the air of Kansas ? The Sen-
ator from New York admits that the constitution
; with which he proposes by his bill to admit Kan-
l sas contains such a provision. Under the code of
I laws enacted by theTerritorial Legislature ofKan-
j sas,which the Senator,in common with his party,
j professes to consider monstrous and barbarous,
I a negro may go to Kansas and be protected in all
j his rights so long as he obeys the laws of the
land. In order to get rid of those laws the Senator
from New York proposes to give effect to a con-
stitutional provision which is designed to prevent
the negro forever from entering the State!
I should like to hear from the Senator from
Massachusetts on this point. I believe he took,
particular pain3, a. few years ago, to arraign the
State of Illinois for inserting a similar clause in
her constitution.
Mr. SUMNER. Never.
Mr. DOUGLAS. Well, perhaps it was his
Fredecesaor, (Mr. Winthrop.) Upon reflection,
think it was. I recollect that it once became my
duty to vindicate the right of my own State to
insert such a clause in her constitution against
the assaults of a Massachusetts Senator. Had
the present Senator been here at that time, and
found.it necessary to have spoken on the subject,,
is it assuming too much to venture the opinion
that he would have joined in that condemnation?
Mr. SUMNER. 1 should condemn it, certainly.
Mr. DOUGLAS. Then, will the Senator ap-
prove in the constitution of Kansas what he con-
demns in the constitution of Illinois ? I would,
like to hear the Senator's response to this in-
quiry. If such a provision was wrong in Illi-
nois, is it right in Kansas? Had not the Demo-
cratic State of Illinois as good a right to adopt
such a provision as the Free-Soil party of Kan-
sas ? Will the Senator from Massachusetts vote,
for the bill introduced by the Senator from New
York to admit Kansas, at a time when she has.
not one third of the requisite population, with,
such a constitution?
I do not wish to be misunderstood on this point.
I object to the admission of Kansas at this time,
and under existing circumstances, on entirely
different grounds. I affirm, the right of Illinois,
to put such a clause in her constitution. The,
people of Illinois had a right to do as they
pleased on that subject. We tried slavery while*
a Territory, notwithstanding the ordinance of
1787, until we found that in, our climate and with
our productions it was not good for us to retaifl
it, and for that reason we abolished and prohib-
ited it. When we decided that Illinois should be
a free Stale, we also determined that it should be
a white State. We did not believe in the equality
of the negro with the white man, and hence were
opposed to a mixture of the races. The consti-
tution of Illinois was made by white men for the,
benefit of white- men. The same principle of
State rights and State equality which authorized,
Illinois to. abolish slavery secured to each other
State the privilege of retaining it if it chose. The
same principle which authorized Illinois to.
exclude the free negro, allows each other State,
to receive him, if agreeable tp her tastes and con-
sistent with, her interests. We are perfectly,
content with, the practical operation of this great
principle, which teaches the people of each,
separate community to mind their own business,
and accord, the same right to their neighbors.
Hence I should have no controversy with the
Senator from New York, or his political, aaaon
ciates, in regard to this particular clause in the
Kansas constitution, did, they not claim the right,
aod jofist that it is* their duty, to examine, the
| provisions of the constitution of each State
i applying for admission, and then either to admit
| or reject the application, according as they may
approve or disapprove the CQnetituUon. It is on
I this ground that they claim the right to inquire.
whether the constitution prohibits or protects
I slavery, and to vote for a free State and against
a slave State. It was on this ground that the
northern States voted against the admission of
Missouri in 1821—one year after the adoption
of the Missouri compromise—because the con-
stitution had a similar provision against free
negroes to. the one in the Kansas constitution.
Hence I desire to leara from the Senator from
New York, whether he and his sympathizing
associates do really approve of a constitutional
provision which shall deny to the negro forever,
not merely the right to ei\joy the same, liberty
accorded to the white man, but also the right to
live and breathe within, the limits of the proposed
State of Kansas?
Mr. SEWARD. Will the honorable Senator
allow me to answer now?
Mr. DOUGLAS. Yes, sir.
Mr. SEWARD. I need scarcely inform the
honorable Senator that I do not approve of any
such provision in any constitution in the world.
I never did, and I never shall, vote to approve or
sanction in any constitution, or in any law, a pro-
vision which tends to keep any man, any member
of the human family to which I belong, in a con.
dition of degradation below the position which I
occupy myaelf, except for his own fault or crime.
Mr. DOUGLAS, The Senator does not approve
of this provision, and never can, for the reason
that it does not put the negro on an equality with
himself! Then, will he vote for admitting Kan-
sas in this irregular manner,, and without the
requisite population, merely because, her consti-
tution _ has a provision which keeps slaves from
going into the Territory., while in another clause
" which tends to keep aman, any being a mem-
ber of, the human, family to which he belongs, in
a condition of degradation below the position
which he occupies himself?" Yet, if he votes,
for his own bill to admit Kansas, with the Topeka
constitution, according to his awn doctrine he does,
vote to sanction.apravision to keep the negro out
altogether; he will not allow a negro to come in a
condition either below, him or above him!
Mr. SEWARD. You can take,it.either way—
ajbove or below,
Mr. DOUGLAS. Yes; he will exclude the.
negrp absolutely, if he . is below or above him!
He will insist upon having the negro upon a foot-,
ing of entire, and perfect equality with himself..
Yet, if his bill passes* and.. Kansas is admitted
with the constitution, which has been formed and
presented here, aB negroes, both free and. slave,
are forever prohibited from entering the State of
Kansas by the terms of .the instrurpent. He. can-
not escape the responsibility of this result on,the
plea that he does opt vote directly to indorse and
sanction the constitution,in. all its parts; for hia
doctrine, and the doctrine ef .his. party is* that
they not only have the right-, but that it is their
duty, to examine the Constitution in all its parts,
ana vota for it or against it,, according.as they
approve or disapprove of its provisions, anl
especially those provisions whiph degrade, the,
negro below the level of the, white man. Ha
must abandon all the principles, to which his life
haa been devoted; he must abandon the creed of
the party of which he is the acknowledged leader,
before he can, vote for hia own bill. The. Black
Republican party was. organized and founded on,
the fundamental principle of perfect and entire
equality of. w'ghtff a«d( privileges, between, the
negro and, the whits naan-r-an equality secured;
and. guarantied, bjr a law. higher than the, Consti-
tution of the. I&ujtsd. States. In yonrr creed, a*
proclaimed to the world, ycmatand.pledgtd azainat
" the admiasioaof any more slave States;'
To repeal the fugitive slave law;
To abolish the slave trade between, the States;
To prohibit slavery in the District of Columbia;
To restore tha prohibiten on Kaiwvi.aod Na- 
braska; and,
To acquire no. mora territory unless,' slavery
shall be.first prohibited,..
This,is your creed^authoritatively proclaimed.
I trust there is to be no evading or dodgipgtbft
