1100
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 2j
order to carry out the principles which he held as
a Whig; ana therefore lie tells the Senator from
Ohio [Mr. Wade] that he betrayed the Whig
party, deserted its principles and its creed, when
he opposed the Nebraska bill, and joined in the
Republican movement. He tells the Senator from
Vermont [Mr. Collamek] that he, too, ceased to
be a Whig, and betrayed his party, and abandoned
its principles, when he went into the Republican
movement, and that if he had remained a true
Whig he must have gone with the Senator from
Louisiana, and joined the Democratic party. He
tells every old-line Henry Clay Whig, that if he
wishes to be consistent he must support the
Democratic ticket. He tells every Webster Whig,
that if he wishes to be consistent he must sup-
port the Democratic paty on the Nebraska plat-
form. If the Senator from New Hampshire is
prepared to thank the Senator from Louisiana for
that admission, I am prepared to thank the Sen-
ator from New Hampshire for recognizing its
truth.
Sir, in 1852, Whigs and Democrats stood on
the same great principle of State equality and self-
government in the Territories subject totlie Con-
stitution. The Nebraska bill resulted from the
principles affirmed in the compromise measures of
1850, and reaffirmed in the platform of the Whigs
and Democrats. Hence, a Whig, in order to be
consistent with the platform of 1852, must act
with the Democratic party now in support of
the same principle; and all men who go over to
the Black* Republican movement are deserters
from their principles in 1852, whether they were
then Democrats or Whigs.
I am glad that we have come to an agreement
on both sides of the Chamber on this point. There
arc some men claiming to be Democrats, acting
with the Senator from New Hampshire, who will
not deem it to be so palatable. There are some
men,claiming t«rt>e true Whigs, acting with him,
who will not deem it so palatable; nevertheless,
it is true, and therefore Whigs and Democrats
should unite in the assertion of that^reat truth.
Sir, I did congratulate the Senator from Louis-
iana on his speech to-day, because I saw that he
had proved' true to his principles without refer-
ence tc the name of the party with which he
acted. His piinciples as an old-line Whig com-
pelled him to go with the Democracy, l'or the
reason that the Democracy is now the only party
in America which recognizes the Constitution as
the supreme law of thfT land.
Mr. President, I shall not go further into the
discussion at this time. I have deemed it neces-
sary to notice this point in order that we may
join our testimony to that truth which affords the
Senator from Neiv Hampshire so much gratifica-
tion. I now wish to repeat, that I shall ask the
Senate on Thursday next to pioceed to vote on
this bill.
Mr. STUART. I have a right to ask, at least,
file indulgence of the Senate—not to use any
stronger term—to allow the river and harbor hills,
which were reported from the Committee on
Commerce, and made the special order a long
time ago, before this measure and before the naval
question, to be considered. We were crowded
out the other day by a very small vote, in order
to take up the naval board question, with a view
to end the debate on that before pioceeding with
anything else. That cannot be done if Senators,
who desire to be heard on the Kansas question,
are to speak before Thursday.
Mr. SEWARD. The honorable Senator will
permit me to remind him that I came under an en-
gagement to his venerable colleague, that I would
move that this debate be adjourned over until
next Thursday, and I desire to perform my duty
to him, so that the question may be disposed of
by the Senate with a knowledge of his wishes.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I presume that the Senate
will agree, by general conscnt, that on next
Thursday the Senator frqm Michigan shall have
the floor, whether the discussion goes on regu-
larly or not. That will accomplish the object.
Mr. SEWARD. The honorable Senator en-
gaged me to make the motion to postpone this
question till next Thursday; and for that reason
1 do so.
Mi. STUART. I was only about to say-that
the river and harbor bills have been laid aside,
most of the time m consequence of appeals to my
generosity to allow A, B, C, orD, honorable Sen-
ators here, to have a day or two apiece to e„xplain
their views on certain measures. I have yielded
to them. The Senate, by a vote afewdays since,
by two or three majority, set aside those meas-
ures, and decided that they would end the debate
on the naval question. Now, when the Senate
is in the midst of that debate, the Senator from
Illinois gives us notice that the discussion on the
Kansas question must be closed on next Thurs-
day. These are impossibilities. They are things
which cannot be done. I now move to postpone
the further consideration of this subject until next
Thursday, in the hope that, in the mean time, the
naval question may be disposed of by a vote, and
that hereafter, if I shall be compelled to extend
my generosity for two or three days' speeches, I
shall receive some little reciprocity in return.
Mr. MALLORY. I hope that the postpone-
ment until Thursday next will not be understood
by the Senate as displacing the business which
has been made the special order for Monday—the
questions connected with the naval board. I
shall, of course, vote for the postponement until
Thursday, for the purpose of giving to the hon-
orable Senator from Michigan [Mr. Cass] an
opportunity then to address the Senate, butwith
no expectation that the discussion on this ques-
tion will follow to the exclusion of the special
order before it.
Mr. WELLER. I have charge of three or
four bills which have been under the considera-
tion of the Senate, but still stand as unfinished
business. I agreed not to call them up, with a
hope that the Senate would proceed with and
dispose of the naval question before deciding
other business. When we have a bill under con-
sideration, I think the better plan is to go on
with its discussion until we arrive at a conclusion,
and then take up a new measure, and go on and
dispose of that. I have delayed calling up the
Pacific railroad bill, which 1 regard as one of the
most important measures now pending before the
Senate, in the vain hope that we might be able to
dispose of some of the business that stands in
the way. Unless the course which I have sug-
gested be taken, I shall feel compelled, on Mon-
day, to move that the Senate take up the Pacific
railroad bill, and proceed with it. But if it be
understood that we arc to go on with the naval
question, and dispose of that, I shall stand back
until it is out of the way.
Mr. WADE. I desire, on some occasion, to
ocoupy a short time in the discussion of the
Kansas question. I am not particular as to the
day when I shall be heard. 1 have not yet
spoken upon the subject, but my constituents
expect me to give my views upon it, and I shall
therefore ask the Senate, at some suitable time,
to give me an opportunity to be heard. I shall
leave it, however, to the Senate to say what time
will be most convenient to them. I trust that
the Kansas'biil is not to bo rushed through with
precipitate haste. It is the great question of the
session. In the minds of the people of the North—
and I think the same remark applies to the South—
it absorbs all other questions. It is the great
measure of the session, and it ought not to be
acted upon with precipitation. In my judgment,
we should proceed with great deliberation, and
should allow every Senator an opportunity of
presenting his views to the Senate and to his
constituents. I hopo that the Senator from Illi-
nois will not press his bill hastily. I trust that
he comprehends its great importance.
After the distinguished gentlemen who have
spoken upon this question, I do not expect to
bo able to shed much light upon it; but, never-
theless, it will be my duty to give my views in
legard to it, and I trust that we shall hear the
views of many others before we arrive at any
conclusion.
Allusions have been made to the Whig party
and to the Democratic party, in the course o"f
this debate. Sir, they are of very little import-
ance in comparison with this question. 1 think
I know the time when the Whig party died on
this floor. I remember the occasion when in my
opinion the breath was just leaving its body, and
I rose here on that fatal night and attempted to
preach its funeral sermon. Sir, I expect, before
this session closes, to preach the funeral sermon
of the Democratic party also.
Mr. BROWN. It is not dead yet.
Mr. WADE. It is so nearly dead that it re- I
quires a physician to tell thfe difference. [Laugh-
ter.] But, sir, I only rose for the purpose of
expressing the hope, that as this is the great and
engrossing topic of the session, it will not be
urged with such haste as to prevent any gentle-
man expressing his views upon it. In order to
test the sense of the Senate, I shall ask that I be
permitted to occupy the floor on Tuesday next.
Mr. WELLER. We desire to get through the
naval question first.
Mr. WADE. I have no wishes as to the par-
ticular time when I shall be heard. I only named
a day in order to have the question presented.
Mr. JAMES and Mr. FOOT. Follow the Sen-
ator from Michigan, [Mr. Cass.]
Mr. WADE. Very well; that will suit me.
Mr. DOUGLAS. It is not my purpose to at-
tempt to limit debate on this question. I desire
to afford a fair opportunity for its discussion. I
am opposed, however, to the system which has
been pursued of taking it up occasionally, mak-
ing one speech on it, and then postponing it for
a week; hearing another speech, and again post-
poning it for a week. If we pursue this course,
the debate will not be ended in twelve months,
and we shall have the same complaints then
which we hear now, as to their not being a fair
chance for debate. I have not pressed this bill
heretofore, so that there should be no complaint
by those gentlemen who are now so much afraid
of being gagged. They have lain back for three
months, and now they complain of haste. If we
were to continue the course which has been pur-
sued, they would tell us on the last night, when
we were attempting to force a vote, that they
were being gagged.
I have not urged this measure hitherto, because
I desired to make it apparent that, if anybody
has not been heard, it arises from his own fault,
and not from that of the chairman of the commit-
tee, whose duty it is to insist upon a vote being
taken at some time. If next Thursday is deemed
too early, I have no objection to postponing it for
another week; but I do not desire to have the bill
lingering here during the whole summer.
Mr. SCJMNER. I believe there has been no
postponement of this question, except with refer-
ence to the other business of the Senate; and the
Senators who have spoken upon it have spoken
as promptly as they could with reference to that
business. Such is the fact.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I am not complaining of
any 0110.
Air. SUMNER. I think that the Senator from
Iljinois cannot question that that is the fact.
Now, why should the voto be pressed at tins
moment-—for next Thursday, which is the day
named, is practically this moment, because it is
not proposed to consider the measure in the
mean time—when it is very clear that there are
Senators on this floor who desire to be heard on
this bill, who have not yet spoken? I am one
of those. The Senator from Ohio is also one. I
presume the Senator from Illinois does not pro-
pose _to drive us to debate this question late in
the night, or to cut us ofF entirely. I have no de-
sire to postpone the discussion, for I am willing
that it should go on next week, from day to day;
*but I would suggest that, as the Senator from
Michigan is to have the floor on Thursday, the
debate may be then allowed to go on, day by
day, continuously, until it is exhausted.
Mr. DOUGLAS. If that arrangement can
be made, I will agree to the postponement of this
question until next Thursday, and then, from
day to day, until we dispose of it.
Mr. HUNTER. I hope that we shall go on
with the debate on the naval board question
until we dispose of it. We took it up this week
with the intention of finishing it, and I believe
we ought to do that before proceeding with other
business
Mr. TOOMBS. I think we can finish the de-
bate on the naval question in a day or two; and
I hopo it will be disposed of.
Mr. BUTLER. I made the motion by which
the naval board question was assigned for dis-
cussion during this week, and I must now insist,
in accordance with the general understanding,
that we shall proceed on Monday and Tuesday
next with that debaie. I think we can dispose
of it in two days. At least we can do so if we
have eight speeches a day, of half an hour each;
and afier the subject has been so fully discussed,
