364
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[April 8,
34th Cong....1st Sess.
The Slavery Question—Mr. Hughston.
Ho. of Reps.
issues—no lowering of the flag. Let each party
stand by its principles and the issues as you have
presented them and we have accepted them. Let
us have a fair, bold fight before the people, and
then let the verdict be pronounced.
Mr. SEWARD. You will have it.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I rejoice in this assurance.
I trust the Senator will be able to bring his troops
up to the line, and to hold them there. I trust
there is to be no lowering of the flag—no aban-
donment or change of the issues. There are
rumors afloat that you are about to strike your
colors; that you propose to surrender each one
of these issues, not because you do not profess
to be right, but because you cannot succeed in
the right; that you propose to throw overboard
all the bold men who distinguished themselves in
your service in fighting the anti-Nebraska fight,
and to take a new man, who, in consequence of not
being committed to either side, will be enabled
to cheat somebody by getting votes from both
sides ! Rumor says that all your veteran gen-
erals who have received scars and wounds in
the anti-Nebraska campaign, are now considered
unfit to command, and are to be laid asidein order
to take up some newman who has not antagonized
with the great principles of self-government and
State equality. Rumor says that, in pursuance
of this line of policy, you dare not allow your
committees in the House of Representatives to
bring in bills to redeem your pledges and carry
out your principles; that there is to be no bill
passed in your fusion House to repeal the Kan-
sas-Nebraska act—none to repeal the fugitive-
slave law—none to abolish the slave trade be-
tween the States—none to abolish slavery in the
District of Columbia—none to redeem any one
of your pledges, or carry out any one of your
principles, upon which you secured a majority
in the House by a fusion with northern Know
Nothingism. Rumor says that your committees
were arranged with the view of keeping all these
questions in the background until after the pres-
idential election, in order that the agitation may
be reopened with better prospects of success,
when power shall have been obtained under the
auspices of a new man, who has not been crip-
pled in the great battle. Would it not be a curi-
ous spectacle to see this great anti-Nebraska or
Black Republican party—which less than eigh-
teen months ago proclaimed a war of extermin-
ation, in which no quarter was to be granted or
received, and no prisoners to be taken—skir-
mishing to avoid a pitched battle, and get an
opportunity to retreat from the face of those
whom they determined to hang and burn and
torture with fill the refinements of cruelty which
their vengeance could devise? Are the offices
and patronage of Government so much more im-
portant to you than your principles that you feel
it your duty to sacrifice your creed, and the men
identified'with it, in order to get power ? Are
you prepared to ignore the material points in
issue for fear that they will compromit you in the
presidential election ?
Mr. WADE. We will whip you then.
Mr. DOUGLAS. That remains to be seen.
We are prepared to" give you a fair fight on the
issues you nave tendered and we accepted. Let
the presidential contest be one of principle alone;
Jet the principles involved be distinctly stated and
boldly met, without anyattempts at concealment
or equivocation; let the result be a verdict of ap-
proval or disapproval so emphatic that it cannot j
be misunderstood. One year iago you promised ;
us a fair fight in open field, upon the principles
of the Kansas-Nebraska act. You then unfurled
your banner, and bore it aloft in the hands of your
r own favorite and tried leaders, with your prin-
ciples emblazoned upon it. Are you now pre-
paring to lower your flag, to throw overboard all
your tried men who have rendered service in your
cause, and issue a search warrant in hopes of
finding a new man who has not antagonized with
anybody, and whose principles are unknown,
for the purpose of cheating somebody by getting
votes from all sorts of men ? Let us have an open
and a fair fight. [Applause in the galleries.1
The PRESIDENT. The galleries wilf be
cleared, if these demonstrations are renewed.
DOUGLAS. I will not pursue the subject
THE SLAVERY QUESTION.
SPEECH OF HON. J. A. HUGHSTON,
OF NEW YORK,
In the House of Representatives,
April 8,1856.
The House being in the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union—
Mr. HUGHSTON said:
Mr. Chairman: The House will bear me wit-
ness that I have not been very troublesome since
the commencement of this session of Congress;
nor do I design to be in whatever subsequent
deliberations we may have in charge. I hope,
then, that gentlemen will accord to me that atten-
tion which I am always happy to extend to them,
j I ask no gentlemen to yield me aught that I am
j not willing to accord fairly to them, as a matter
! of courtesy. Whether they do or not, I will
endeavor to treat all with due courtesy.
I am happy, Mr. Chairman, to ascertain that
; here on the floor of this House, gentlemen from
all parts of the Union are accustomed to entertain
their own sentiments and to speak them freely and
frankly. If they did not I could not accord to
them my respect as gentlemen. And, however
much any gentleman on this floor may differ
from me in political sentiments, I care not if he
avows his opinions frankly and in all sincerity.
If he does, I shall be the last person on this floor
to call in question his right; and, however much
his sentiments may differ from those entertained
by my humble self, I shall respect him and his
position.
Sir, the! only real question, in my view, which
interests the country is the question of the exten-
sion or non-extension of slavery in the Territories
of the United States. I hold to the opinion that
slavery exists nowhere on the face of God's earth,
except by the force of positive law. Gentlemen
may talk about political differences bet.ween the
old Whig party—of which I claimed to be a
member in the State whence I hail—and the Dem-
ocratic party. But I am notaware that there is any
real difference of opinion between the rank and file
of the old Whig party of the State of New York
and the rank and file of the Democratic party of
the same State. Where is your question of cur-
rency? Disposed of. Where is your question
of a United States Bank? Dead long ago. The
question of a tariff, which should never have di-
! vided political parties, is not now agitated. What
is the line which divides us ? The simple matter
as to whether the slave power shall exert an over-
shadowing influence and control in this Govern-
ment, or whether the free and indomitable energy
of a free people, devoted to and determined to up-
hold and sustain the interests of free white peo-
ple and free white labor, should prevail. That is
the point, and the only point.
Now, sir, perhaps it would not be unprofitable
for us to recur in brief to the past history of this
Government. I believe, sir, when the Constitu-
tion of this country was adopted, and even prior
to that period, slavery existed in the thirteen
original colonies. But before I proceed further in
that direction, let me remark that so far as the
energy, the patriotism, and the wisdom, which
animated our forefathers are concerned, all those
who composed that glorious brotherhood, who
banded together in defense of the rights and lib-
erties of the colonies, are entitled to the same
meed of praise, and to be held in the same
degree of adorable consideration. Whether they
hailed from South Carolina, from Georgia, from
Massachusetts, or from New York, makes no
sort of difference in that regard. They devoted
themselves and their best interests to the sustain-
ing of their glorious cause. They shared a com-
mon triumph; and far be it from me to make any
sort of distinction as to the meed of honor and
of credit to be awarded to them, one and all.
But, sir, allow me to ask, what, prior to the adop-
tion of the Constitution under which we live and
under which we enjoy blessings and privileges
which no country ever enjoyed before, was the
action of this Government? What was'the action
of the illustrious sages of that day? Who was
it but the illustrious Jefferson that led on the
cohorts of freedom—the cohorts of those who
defended the interests of freedom ? He, by his
proposition and advocacy of the ordinance of
1787, devoted to freedom the entire territory
which was then the common property of this
Union, or of the original colonies; and it was
therein declared that slavery or involuntary
servitude should not be allowed to exist within
the Northwestern Territory belonging to this
Union.
Sir, it was in view of the lights and in view of
that past legislation of the Congress of the Con-
federation, that the Constitution of the United
States was adopted in 1789. And doubtless the
founders and adopters of the Constitution had
that legislation of the Congress of the Confedera-
tion in view when, in and by the express terms
of that instrument, they authorized Congress to
prohibit the importation of slaves into the United
States, from and after the year 1808. Why did
they authorize its prohibition then ? If the further
extension and perpetuation of slavery was right
then, if it was calculated to advance the interests
of the people of this country, why allow of its
suppression then ?
And, sir, gentlemen have talked about inter-
national law. The gentleman from Georgia [Mr.
Warner] the other day said, that under the uni-
versal law of nations the right to property in
slaves was recognized. Sir, how is it now? By
the universal law of nations, to which the gentle-
I man from Georgia appeals, the foreign slave trade
is declared to be piracy, and is so punished,
j Now, sir, let me ask what are the compromises
of the Constitution under which we live ? Under
that Constitution all persons held to service or
labor are allowed to form a portion of the basis
'■ of representation authorized in that instrument.
Now, sir, that may have been right then. I am
the last man to invade or quarrel with the com-
promises of that Constitution.
And allow me further to say that, although I
profess to be the advocate of free-soil, and am
ready to do as much as the next individual to
advance the interests of the cause, yet I will
J jever allow myself to become a party to any
invasion of the Constitution or vested rights of
any of the States in this Union. Yes, sir, I would
protect the vested or constitutional rights accord-
ing to my understanding of them, of Alabama or
1 Virginia, as cheerfully and to the same extent that
I would those of New York.
And allow me further to state, that whatever
may be my opinion at this day of the propriety
. of having conferred upon any State in this Union
! the rights which at the foundation of the Govern-
ment were conferred upon the original States, yet
I will not quarrel with those rights, as I under-
stand them; I will not seek directly or indirectly
to take them away. But when you come to the
question as to whether slavery shall be allowed
to be extended over territory which is now the
free common property of all the States of the
Union, then I claim that I have the right to be
heard in behalf of the people whom I have the
honor to represent on this floor. I should be
derelict in the discharge of my duty to them, if
I did not demand to be heard in behalf of their
j interests. And, sir, although, as I have said, I
, would not interfere to any extent with the vested
1 right of any State now in this Union, still I may
be allowed to refer to some facts in connection
with the party, by whose plurality vote this
House was organized, and which holds the same
sentiments which I entertain, and which occupies
the same position which I occupy, in regard to
this question of slavery.
Mr. Chairman, we are accused ofbeing aggress-
ors upon the rights of the South. Sir, where
have we aggressed ? When have we aggressed
upon their rights? In what manner, and in what
particular ? It seems to me that when we con-
sent that the slave territory and the slave States
of the Union should be allowed the basis of rep-
j resentation which they enjoy in respect to slaves,
; that it is an indication of magnanimity; it is an
evidence of a desire to do justice upon our part to
! all of the States of the Union, and with this fact
before us, are we to be charged with aggressing
upon the rights of the southern States ?
At the organization of the Government slavery
existed in every State in the Union; but the his-
