ST!
THE - CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 7,
Smith Miller, MUIson, Mordecai Oliver, Peck, Phelps,
Quitman, Rulfin, Rust, Sandidge, Savage, Seward, Shorter,
Samuel A. Smith. Wiiliam Smith, Stephens, Stewart, Tay-
lor, Thurston, Vail, Warner, Watkins, Wells, Wheeler,
Wmslovv, Daniel B. Wright, and John V. Wright.
For Mr. Fctrnham—Messrs. Broom, John P. Campbell,
Carlile, Bayard Clark, Cox, Etheridge, Evans, J. Morrison
Harris, Harrison, Kennett, Lake, Alexander IC. Marshall,
Paine, Porter, Puryear, Ready, ilicaud, William R. Smith,
Swope, Trippe, Tyson, Underwood, Walker, Whitney,
and Zollicoffer.
For Mr. Sergeant—Messrs, EziaClark, Cullen, Damrell,
Haven, Hoffman, Kilhan Miller, Rohison, Todd, Wood, and
Woodruff.
For Mr. Defrees—Messrs. Lewis D. Campbell, Dunn,
Lindley, Mace, Humphrey Marshall, Milhvard, and Scott.
For Mr. Ridgway—Messrs. Hemy M. Fuller, Ileade, and
Rivers.
For Mr. Peck—Mr. Andrew Oliver.
For Mr. Webb—Mr. Pennington.
For jfcff. Tucker-?-Mr. Powell.
For Mr. Blair—Mr. Spinner.
Pending the call of the roll,
Mr. CHAFFEE stated that he had paired off
with Mr. Kelly.
. WOOD FOR THE POOR.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio. A message has
been received" from the Senate, announcing that
a resolution has passed that body making a small
appropriation for the purpose of furnishing fuel
t.Q prevent the poor children of this city and of
Georgetown from freezing to death.
Mr. LETCHER. I rise to a question of order.
Mr. CAMPI3ELL. I ask that the resolution
may be taken up by unanimous consent.
Mr. LETCHER. My point is, that it is not
in order to do so while the vote is going on for
printer.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I hope no man will object
to action upon a proposition such as this.
The SPEAKER. The Chair understands the
s gentleman from Ohio to ask the unanimous con-
sent of the House to take up the Senate resolu-
tion making an appropriation for the relief of the
suffering poor of the cities of Washington and
Georgetown.
Mr. LETCHER. 1 object.
_Mr. CAMPBELL. I hope the gentleman from
Virginia will withdraw his objection, and allow
the House to take a vote upon it. 1 will meet the
gentleman on his4 Virginia constitutional abstrac-
tions" when the proposition comes before the
House.
Mr. LETCHER. Let us (-loot a printer
and it will be soon enough to take up the resolu-
tion afterwards.
Mr. CAMI^BELL. The printing is not suO'ei -
ing, whilst the poor around us are freezing u>
death.
,4 The SPEAKER. Debate is not in order.
Mr. DAVIDSON. I will give ten dollars: let
others do the same, and there will be no neces-
sity for this resolution.
Mr. BOYCE. Let members pay it out of their
own pockets.
Mr. FLAGLER. I mnve that the House do
now adjourn.  
Mr. SAPP. I rail for tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Galloway,
and Harris of Maryland, were appointed. i
The question was taken; and the tellers re-
ported—ayes G(>, noes 50.
So the motion was agreed to: and at half past,
two o'clock the House adjourned until to-morrow
at twelve o'clock, m.
IN SENATE. |
Thursday, JWn/an/7, 3856. 1
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. Henry C. Dean.
The Journal of yesterday was rend and approved
PETITIONS, ETC.
Mr, SUMNER. 1 have a memorial from I
Daniel Draper & Son, of Boston, owners of the
foreign-hiult bark St. Harlampy, praying to be
allowed a register for her under the name of Mon-
mouth, she having been repaired in the United
States. As this is a matter of direct practical
importance to these parties, I take the liberty of
asking my friend, the chairman of the Commit-
tee on Commerce, [Mr. Hamlin,] to be good
enough to give attention to the subject as soon
as possible.
The memorial was referred to the Committee
on Commerce.
' Mr.rADAMS. I have been requested to pre-
sent the petition of Thomas Hays and Wiiliam
Guinand, watchmen at the Observatory, asking
for additional compensation under the law increase
ing the salaries of the employes in the executive
departments. It is agreed, on all hands, that
they were within the spirit of that law. I move
that the petition be referred to the Committee on
Finance.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. JAMES presented the petition of John S.
Ormsbee, heir of John Spurr, an officer in the
Army of the Revolution, praying to be allowed
the commutation pay to which his ancestor was
entitled; which was referred to the Committee on
Revolutionary Claims.
Also, the petition of Elizabeth Pinninger, one
of the heirs of Thomas Arnold, an officer in the
Army of the Revolution, praying to be allowed
the commutation ]?ay to which he? was entitled;
which was referred to the Committee on Revolu-
tionary Claims.
Mr. BAYARD. I desire to present the petition
of George R. Gray, a lieutenant in the Navy of
the United States, who has been placed on the
retired list, with furlough pay, by the action of
the late naval board. He complains of that action
as unjust to him, and says he is ignorant of the
cause. I believe he has been at sea or on actual
shore duty for sixteen years and eight months out
of a period of twenty-two years and nine months,
during which he has been m the Navy. He asks !
for a favorable consideration of his case by the
Senate. I move that his petition be referred to
the Committee on Naval Affairs.
The motion was agreed to.
ADJOURNMENT OVER.
On motion by Air. STUART, it was
Ordered, That w hen the Senate adjourns to-day, it be to
meet oil Monday next.
PAPERS WITHDRAWN.
On motion by Mr. GEYER, it was
Ordered, That the petition of Nathaniel Mothershead,
prayni" l'oi a pension lor services durin? the last war with
Great Britain, be withdrawn liom the hies of the Senate,
arid rcterreU to the Committee on Pensions.
INCREASE OF THE NAVY.
Mr. CASS submitted the following resolution
for consideration:
Resolved, Tinxt the Committee on Naval Affair.-; be in-
sti ncted to mquuo into the expediency of making provision
lor meieasing the Navy of the United States.
BILLS INTRODUCED.
Mr. DODGE , in pursuance of previous notice,
asked and obtained leave to introduce a bill for I
the relief of Anson Dart; which was read twice ;
i>y its title, and referred to the Committee oil
Indian AtfaiiR.
Mi-. DODGE, in pursuance of previous notice,
asked and obtained leave to introduce a bill to
change th«' terms of the United States court for
Wisconsin, and to compensate the judge; which
was read a first and second time by its title, and
referred to the Committee on the Judiciary.
Mr. DODGE, in pursuance of previous notice,
asked und obtained leave to introduce a bill to
authorize the sale of the Government lands at the
Stockbndge resei vatjon, State of Wisconsin, and
the issuing of patents to the lands in said reserv-
ation; which was read twice by its title, and re-
ferred to the Committee on Indian Affairs.
Mr. GEYEH, in pursuance of previous notice,
asked and obtained leave, to introduce a bill to i
authorize and direct the settlement of the account i
of the Bank of the State of Missouri, for money i
advanced for the subsistence and transportation ;
of volunteers; which wax read twice by its title, ■
and referred to the Committee on Military Affairs. '
Mr. BAYARD, in pursuance of previous no- i
tice, asked and obtained leave to introduce a bill 1
to provide for the public printing, engraving, and I
binding; which was read twice, by its title, and j
referred to the Committee on Printing-. i
Mr. MALLORY, in pursuance of previous no- '
tice, asked and obtained leave to introduce a bill '
for the improvement of the harbor of Appalach- ;
icola; which was read twice by its title, and re- i
fcrred to the Committee on Commerce. |
Mr. WELLER, in pursuance of previous no- i
tice, asked and obtained leave to introduce a bill j
to alter and amend the act entitled " An act to I
establish a circuit court of the United States in I
and for the State of California;" which was read !
twice by its title, and referred to the Committee j
on the Judiciary. j
Mr. WELLER, by unanimous consent, pre- i
vious notice not having been given, asked and
obtained leave to introduce a bill concerning the
branch mint at San Francisco, and authorizing the
issue of new gold coins; which was read twice by-
its title, andreferred to the Committee on Finance.
GEORGE P. MARSH.
Mr. FOOT, in pursuance of previous notice,
asked and obtained leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 56) directing payment to George P. Marsh,
for judicial services rendered by him, under the
act of 11th of August, 1848, while Minister Resi-
dent to the Ottoman Porte; which was read a first
time, and ordered to a second reading.
Mr. FOOT. Before making the request which
I intend to make, that this bill may at oncc bo
put on its passage, I desire to submit a few words
of explanation in reference to it. The bill simply
directs the Secretary of the Treasury, in the settle-
ment of the accounts of Mr. Marsh, as Minister
residentat Constantinople, to make him an allow-
ance, at the rate of $1,000 per annum, m consid-
eration of the judicial services performed by him
while h e was the American Mi nister at the Ottoman
Porte, and which were imposed upon him by the
act of 13 th August, 1848, entitled "An act to carry
into effect certain provisions in the treaties between
the United States and China and tho Ottoman
Porte, giving certain judicial powers to ministers
and consuls of the United States in those coun-
tries." That act, after investing the American
Commissioner and consuls in China with judicial
authoiaty, under the treaty of 3d July, 1844, and
I defining their jurisdiction and powers, declares,
! in tho eighteenth scction, that, in consideration
. of the additional duties thus imposed, there shall
be paid to the Commissioner, annually, the sum
of $1,000 in addition to his salary; and, for the
same reason, that a like sum shall be paid annually
to each of the consuls in China, in addition to
their fees.
The act then proceeds, in the twenty-second sec-
tion, to extend its provisions—so far as^it relates
to crimes committed by citizens of tho United
States—to Turkey, under the treaty of 3H30 with
that Government, and to invest, ex officio, the
American Minister at the Sublime Porte and tho
consuls with the same jurisdiction and powers;
but is silent in respect to any additional compen-
sation on account of those additional services. It
is understood that this section was added byway
of amendment to the original bill, after it had
been repoited; and that its silence as to compen-
sation was an accidental omission, or that it was
supposed that the imposition of the same addi-
tional duties upon the Minister and consuls in
Turkey, which had been imposed in a preceding
section upon the Commissioner and consuls in
China, would, by necessary implication, carry
with it the same additional compensation. At all
events, sir, I suppose that no one doubts that it
was the intention of Congress, at the time of the
passage of that act, to allow the same compensa-
tion in the one case as in the other. I so under-
stood the honorable chairman of the Committee
on Foreign Relations [Mr. Mason] to declare his
opinion, when the allowance of this same com-
pensation was moved by him from that commit-
tee, as an amendment to the civil and diplomatic
appropriation bill, near the close of the last ses-
sion.
Again: this same compensation has been al-
lowed and paid to Mr. Carr, the immediate pre-
decessor of Mr. Marsh, by the order and direction
of Congress—thus giving a legislative constitu-
tion to that act in accordance with its manifest
intent and the clear justice of the case.
Now. sir, this bill, m form and in substance,
is precisely that which was reported at the last
session of Congress from the Committee on For-
eign Relations, and which, by their unanimous
approval, was subsequently moved as an amend-
ment to the general appropriation bill, and was
passed by this body without an opposing voice,
so far as it related to the compensation for the
judicial services of the Minister at the Turkish
Government.
_ I have now presented this claim in a separate
bill, for the reason that no objection has ever
been made to it in either House. It will be rec-
ollected that, at the last session, a provision for
the payment of this claim, together with the claim
for extra services and expenses on a special mis-
sion to Greece j was reported in one general bill;
