1856.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Vo
W5
and subsequently was moved by the honorable
chairman on Foreign Relations as an amendment!
to the civil and diplomatic appropriation bill; and
in that form it was passed by this body without
a division, but failed in the other House, at the
closing hours of the session, on account of objec-
tions raised there, not to this claim, but to the
claim, or rather the amount of the claim, for
special services in Greece. T have presented it
now in a separate bill, to avoid all controversy and
delay, so far as the claim for judicial services is
concerned, in order that what all concede to be
justly and equitably due to Mr. Marsh may be
paid to him at as early a day as practicable. It
has already been withheld too long. The case is
a clear one; the claim is just; no word of objec-
tion has ever been made to it from any quarter.
It comes within the intent of the act of 1848; it
rests upon the authority of precedent, and of
legislative construction of the act. It is, in fact,
a portion of his fixed salary as Minister resident,
added to it by the act of 1848, so intended at the
time, so construed subsequently by the action of
Congress in directing its payment to Mr. Carr.
I need not say that the salary of the Minister
to Turkey at that time was at most a meager one—
being only $6,000, without an outfit. This was
intended as an additional compensation for addi-
tional services imposed. The salary for the Turk-
ish mission has since been raised to $9,000. This
sum, the payment of which is now sought, has
been withheld from Mr. Marsh at the Depart-
ment—I will not say improperly, but upon a mere
technicality. This bill simply proposes to re-
move the technical objection. Congress inter-
posed in the case of Mr, Carr, and ordered the
payment of his claim. We now ask them to do
the same in the case of Mr. Marsh, and we ask
nothing more. I am sure that no member of this
body would counsel such palpable partiality and
injustice, as to order payment ill the one case and
refuse it in the other.
It possibly may be suggested, Mr. President,
that this is a case proper to be referred to the
Court of Claims; I do not think so. In cases of
clear and unquestioned right, the party ought not
to be subjected to the expense and delay of pros-
ecuting his claim before that court. Congress
should act upon and allow them at once. Claims
about the justice and the amount of which there
is no serious controversy and no serious question
—claims, for instance, which have" been rejected
at the Departments upon some mere technical
point, while their justice is still admitted, as in this
case, and claims of comparatively small amount,
and which would be all absorbed in attorneys'
fees, commissioners' fees, &c.—as a general prac-
tice, ought not to be sent to that tribunal. Such
a practice would cause very great injustice and
delay; and, in many cases, would be equivalent
to an absolute denial of justice. Such a practice,
in myapprehension, would eventually resultm the
repeal of the act constituting the Court of Claims.
Thenecessary expenses ofprosecutins;claims, and
especially those of comparatively small amount,
before that tribunal, presented one of the strongest
arguments against the passage of the act constitut-
ing the Court of Claims, and was at the time urged
with great force, I remember well, by the hon-
orable Senator from Mississippi, [Mr. Brown.]
Such a practice, too, would at once overwhelm that
court with amass of cases about winch there was
no real controversy and no serious question. Such
a practice would result, I repeat again, in a popu-
lar demand upon Congress to abolish that court.
But let there be referred to it only such cases as
arc really of a disputable character; such cases i
as involve important principles of law; and such
cases as involve material and complicated ques-
tions o^fact; such cases, in short, as require
judicial investigation, and your Court of Claims
will accomplish great good. It will facilitate the
administration of justice in respect to private
claims, prevent frauds upon the Government,
and, ill short, it will accomplish the purposes for
which it was created.
But, sir, the claim now before us is not of this
character. It is not one of an indefinite and un-
certain amount; it rests upon no doubtful stale of
facts; it calls for no judicial investigation, no tes-
timony, no examination i?i, pah. In fact, it is not a
disputable case. The bill simply provides for the
settlement of Mr. Marsh's account, upon a certain
prescribed basis, according to a certain and fixed
rule—a rule which Congress has already applied
in alike case. In other words, it directs the proper
Department to pay him this additional amount of
his salary, as provided for by law, as that law has
been interpreted by Congress itself. You might
as well send to the Court of Claims any Govern-
ment officer, any head of a Department, or even
the President himself, to collect his salary—pro-
vided the accounting officers should raise some
technical objection to payment—as to send there
a claim of this character.
In conclusion, allow me to read a single para-
graph from the report of the Committee on Foreign
Relations, at the last session, on the memorial of
Mr. Marsh. In concluding- their report, the com-
mittee say:
" Compensation for judicial services having been allowed
to the piedcee?sor of the memorialist, by the net of August
3J, 1853, making appropriation for the civil and diplomatic
expenses of the Government, the committee can perceive
no just reason why a similar allowance should not be made
to the piesent memorialist durin? his continuance in the
same mission. They report a bill accordingly, and recom-
mend its passage.,J
With this explanatory statement, and having
thus briefly presented my views, and regarding
it as a case which presents itself most strongly
to the sense of justice and to the favorable con-
sideration of every Senator,—a claim to which no
objection has ever been raised in either House,
and against which no plausible objection can be
raised any where,—I venture to ask the unanimous ]
consent of the Senate to allow the bill now to be f
put upon its passage. '
Mr. HUNTER, A resolution reported by me !
on Monday last was made the special order for '
this morning; but X am willing to give way, if
this bill can be passed without debate. It is im-
portant that the resolution in relation to the gen-
eral appropriation bills, to which I allude, should
be acted on, and I do not wish it to be d'-Uyed by |
debate on other subjects. " j
Mr. CASS. There can be no objection to this i
claim. j
Mr. FQ©T. I have stated the case fully; 1 !
presume there will be no objection to the bill. j
By unanimous consent, the bill was read a sec- '
ond time and considered as in Committee of the ,
'Whole. It proposes to authorize the Secretary
of the Treasury to audit and settle the account
of the Hon. George P. Marsh for judicial services
rendered by him, under the act of August 11th, i
1848, and to allow Mr. Marsh $1,000 per annum ;
for his judicial services during the period of his 1
mission to the Ottoman Porte.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, and ordered to be engrossed for a !
third reading. It was read a third time and j
passed. I
SIGNING BOUNTY LAND WARRANTS. 1
Mr. CLAY, in pursuance of previous notice, j
asked and obtained leave to introduce a bill fS. >
No. 57] to relieve the Commissioner of Pensions !
from the performance of certain clerical duties; j
which was read a first time, and ordered to asec-1
ond reading. j
Mr. CLAY. I ask that this bill may be put at j
once upoiuts passage, with the understanding that, I
if it excites one word of debate, I shall not press j
its consideration now. The bill is introduced at j
the instance of the Commissioner of Pensions i
and of the Secretary of the Interior. It has the j
unanimous approbation of the Committee on ;
Pensions, and there is a pressing necessity for its I
immediate passage. The applications lor land ;
warrants are multiplying instead of diminishing. !
The number of wan ants now signed daily aver- [
ages, I am assured, five hundred, and the Com- j
missioncr of Pensions is at present required to j
sign them, to the neglect of more difficult nnd j
important duties. The bill will not increase the j
expense of the office, or the number of persons ;
employed there, in the least. Its only object is to !
authorize the Commissioner to appoint a person, |
from time to time, to sign his name to land war- i
rants. ^
Byunanimousconsenf,the bill wasread the sec- .
ond time, and considered as in the Committee of i
the Whole. No amendment being proposed, it !
was reported to the Senate without amendment, 1
ordered to be engrossed for a third reading, read ;
a third time, and passed. j
ORIGINATION OF APPROPRIATION BILLS. !
On motion by Mr. HUNTER* the Senate j
proceeded to consider the following resolution, !
reported by him on the 4th instant from the
Committee on Finance:
Resolved, That the Committee on Finance be instructed 4 j
to prepare and report such of tiie general appropriation bills ¥
as they may deem expedient. *
Mr. SEWARD. Mr. President, I rise to
speak to this resolution with some embarrass-
ment, because after it was postponed yesterday
at my request, information was received of one
of those circumstances of a private nature which
must sometimes happen to us all, obliging me tp
prepare to leave the city to be absent for several
days. But for an accident I should have left in
the early train of cars this morning; and so 1
come to the Senate as unprepared to-day as I was
yesterday. What I have to say on the subject
must be said by way of opening a debate in which
I shall have no opportunity to follow its course,
or even an opportunity to vote 011 the question
which is to be decided.
This is a practical question concerning the trans-
action of the fiscal business of the Government,;
and the chairman of the Committee on Finance is
very right in pressing for its early decision. No
consideration of inconvenience to myself could
make me wish to delay the passage of the resolu-
tion for an hour, if the Senate shall conclude that
it ought to be adopted.
It is, Mr. President, a grave question as well
as a new one. The resolution before the Senate
proposes to instruct the Committee on Finance
of the Senate to prepare and report such general
appropriation bills for the support of the Govern-
ment as, in their discretion, shall seem to them
proper; in effect, to prepare and report all the
general appropriation bills, if they tlunk proper.
Such a lesolution would be unnecessary if it was
the present practice of the Government that bills
appropriating moneys—the general appropriation
bills—should bo prepared aud wore prepared and
reported by the Committee on Finance of the
Senate. The fact of introducing a resolution
asking instructions from the Senate therefore ad-
vises the Senate that it is not the practice for the
Senate's Committee on Finance to prepare and re-
port such bills. The consideration shown by the
committee in asking instructions of the Senate,
and thus in submitting the question to the Senate,
shows that, on their part, they regard it as new,
and not only as a new, but as an important, sub-
ject; because, if there was no doubt existing on
the subject, the committee would, at once, without
waiting for instructions, prepare such bills.
It is therefore proper, sir, since we have ascer-
tained what is the practice of the Government, to
inquire how long that practice has existed. The
practice of this Government, from its foundation,
haft been that general appropriation bills for the
support of the Government have originated in the
House of Representatives, and not m the Senate
of the United States. The Government has been
in operation since the year 1789—a period of more
than half a century, and never yet lias a^eneral
approp/iatioiiiiU^ Qirreporte^?'or
s.ubmitted to tjjj^enate, or sent to the House oC
Rcpresentauves from this .body. On the other
hand, the practice for this period of seventy years
has been that all appropriation bills of that char-
acter have originated in the House of Represent-
atives, and have been sent to this House for its
concurrence nnd amendment
As this, then, is a proposition made, not only for
the first time within our own experience, but for
the first time since the foundation of the Govern-
ment, we are to presume that it will be admitted
that what is proposed is an uyaovation—a direct,
specific, and effective innovation. Since it is an
innovation, let us for a moment see what is the
nature of it.
In monarchical Governments, such as existed
throughout Europe at the time of the establish-
ment of this Government, with only the exception
of Great Britain, there was not a limited mon-
archy. Practically, they were all despotic Gov-
ernments; but the time had been three hundred
years before that, when in Europe all the mon-
archical Governments were limited. They were
all based as the British Government was based,
and continues to be based,upon these fundamental
principles of freedom: that 110 money should be
drawn from the people without the consent of
their representatives; that the Government should
be administered by the Executive in obedience
to law; and that the Executive, directly or in the
