1976
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
August 1,
* Mr, CAMPBELL, of Pennsylvania. But this
is a miscellaneous bill, and I imagine that the
amendment is in order to such a bill. There is
a provision of law for the erection of new build-
ings for the accommodation, in part, of the library
for which this appropriation is asked to enable
them to fit up the new library rooms.
It is not necessary to have a separate law for
the erection of every stairway or railing.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair rules that this
is not for a work ..authorized by an existing law,
or for carrying on works already commenccd.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I appeal from the decision
of the Chair.
The question being, "Shall the decision of the
Chair stand as the judgment of the committee ?"
it was put; and decided m the affirmative.
So the decision of the Chair was sustained.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio. I movp to strike
out the following clause of the bill:
For filling up and grading the grounds belonging to the
custom-house building at Norfolk, Virginia, $1,000.
I offer that amendment for the reason that the
appropriation is provided for in the deficiency bill.
The motion was agreed to.
The following clause being under considera-
tion—
For completing tlie rnauno hospital at Evan&ville, In-
to*,- $4,341 73,
Mr. MILLER, of Indiana, moved to amend
the same by striking out " $4,341 73," and in-
serting in lieu thereof " $10,000, or so much
thereof as may be necessary therefor."
Mr. M. said: 1 understand that, for the pur-
.pose of completing this building, something more
is required than is contained in (he biii—perhaps
$10,000. The gentleman who has charge of that
institution has written me that it will require
about $10,000.
The amendment was agreed to.
The following clause being under considera-
tion—
For the continuation of the custom-house iit New Or-
leans, Louisiana, $300,000,
Mr. BALL offered the following amendment:
Provuled, That Hah all not bo lawful, aftei the IHth day
of NovembPi, Jor any olfteer in commission m ihn
military service of the United States to have chaise of, or
to bo employed u.-< a-sihtani MJpcimtcndtnU or aiclutoct in,
the construction ol the huikl'ng ioi winch tins nppropi latum
is made, nor lor any other eiMom-houM), or maiuic hos-
pital, mint, post odice, eouit-hou^c, 1'apitol ovtetworu or
any public budding, except such in peirnm to iho
Military riciciJhc of the I hut* d States • jnoruh'd further,
Tlmt iroiu and alter the said l.">!h day oi 'Ywvcmhei, 18.">0,
the gcmMai Mipetvihion
and Post Ofheoextendi.
retaiy of Wai to «li<* He
Mr. CAMP1JELL, of Ohio, f raise a ques-
tion of order upon that amendment. It is a legis-
lative provision changing the existing law, and
therefore not in order.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair would inquire
of the gentleman from Ohio, whether there is any
law providing that the public buildings shall be
under the supervision of military officers3
Mr. BALL. Ther e is no law for it. It arises
out of an arbitrary exorcise of power by the Sec-
retary of War.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair then rules the
amendment m order, upon the ground that the
committee may put such restrictions upon an
appropriation as they think proper.
Mr. 13.ALL. 1 do not intend to occupy the
House but a very few moments, for T have dis-
cussed the amendment heretofore. 13ut here is a
document which was this morning laid upon the
►Speaker's table, emanating from the War De-
partment, detailing additional information to that
which we before had. 1 propose to call the at-
tention of the House to only two or three items,
for we have as yet only a small portion of the
information we have called for, but there is suffi-
cient here to exhibit to this House the manner
in which these buildings are carried on, and the
extravagant manner in which tins money has
been expended.
Mr. CADWALADER. I raise a point of
oruer, that the discussion is not pertinent to the
subject before the committee.
1 he CHAIRMAN. The Chair overrules the
point of order.
Mr. BALL. 1 refer, then, to this document
*aid on our table this morning, in reference to the
extension of tkis Caputl f and 1 eall the attention
I the i no- [ruenou <>( iiie Capiioi
*hnJI be rintisici u'd iiom the So<-
efary ol the laici'iot.
of the committee to the fact that, under the con-
tract fornhe construction of this Capitol, made
by Mr. Thomas U. Walter. Before it was trans-
ferred to the War Department, and placed under
military superintendence, a specific contract was
made for the construction of the two front doors.
They were to cost each, or $530 for the two.
I have here the statement of the superintendent
in change of this building, by which he shows to
this House that these two doors, which were to
have cost $530, are- now, in consequence of the
changes he has made, to cost—if I have added the
figures correctly — upwards of $47,000. This
report exhibits another fact here: that a contract
has b(en made, by which $8,000 lmve been ptud
for a model for a door, to be placed in the corri-
dor, between this Hall and the new addition—
#8,000 are to be, paid to Randolph Rogers, for a
plaster model, (got up in Rome,) as a pattern to
make a door by tor the new House of Represent-
atives ! We are further informed by Captain
Aleigs, that the construction of this door is to cost
$6,410—making the total cost of this inside door
^14,416-—and that is only for the door itself. It
docs not include the cost of jambs, or sills, or
hntels, or anything but that portion of the door
which revolves on the hinges.
There ioe other tilings called for which have
come to my knowledge, but about which I am
not officially informed, showing that the changes
m the cornices will increase the cost possibly
to the extent of $100,000, more or less. The
entire amount of the first appropriation for the
extension of the Capitol has been spent, and we
are calied upon for uvo or three millions of dol-
lars more this session, or at the next, and 1 do
not know how much more afterwards. And all
this m exclusive of what we will be called upon
to pay for the construction of the dome. Here
we lind that ^S,*M00 lias been paid to Mr. Rogers
for the pattern of tins door; $7,000 each has been
paid to Air. Crawtbnl for patterns by which to
make the tw«> front doots; $35,000 goes for models
foi these dooi s, and apex on the dome, and one
pediment; and t he other pediment, to be contact-
ed for yet, will cost somewheie about $20,000, I
suppose. 1 call the attention of the committee
and of the countiy to the fact that the extension
of this Capitol, which was contracted for under
the direction of the Secretary of the Interior, is
to cost, under military superintendence, just
about twice as much as the estimated cost when
the original contract was made.
To show to the committee that this whole thing
is to be oarricd on upon this same expensive
scale, 1 will ('all attention toauother fact. Some
tmv rti>o, when, the first room finished in the
south win*- was turned over to the Speaker for
the use of the committees, the superintendent,
Captain Meigs, recommended it to be furnished
with a certain description of furniture, drawings
of which he procured, and after approving and
duly certityini; them, had them deposited with
the Clerk of this ] louse, {have examined those
drawings, and the prices indicated. Ttiey areas
follows: one wash >tand, £125; one looking glass,
$1^0; one s.da, $2;}5; two window curtains, $500;
one table, $500; two book eases, $700 each,
$1,40U; and one dozen chairs, $60 each, $720;
making in all for these articles, $3,600. This
does not include carpeting, &c. 1 might detail
many other evidences of the expensive style of
these m;litary opeiations, but the rules of the
House precluded me from saying more. 1 ask if
we Ihivi, not had about enough of military super-
intendence '
Mr. CADWALADKR. The remarks of the
gentlemen from Ohio [Mr. Ball] are interesting;
and, on a more appropriate occasion, would be
extremely interesting. How far he may be cor-
rect m the details which he professes to give, we,
of course, cannot now conjecture; the document
fiom which he undertakes to state them having
at this moment only been transmitted by the
President to the House. The general subject to
which he refers is one m which I take an interest,
very congenial, in some respects, with his own.
1 doubt, however, if his proposed amendment
would furnish the true remedy. This is no time
to discuss the question profitably. Members of
this House should, before considering such a
question, look a little into their own consciences,
should, at all events, study their own conduct— I
the conduct of this and of former Congresses— i
before they undertake to cast blame on officers of
merit, who may be only carrying out the purposes
and motives of a great majority of the members of
this and former Congresses. These officers might,
so far as these legislators are concerned, be their
faithful and prudent servants; and yet some of us,
like the gentleman from Ohio and myself, might
disapprove of the extravagance of the system of
those whose views are thus carried into effect.
I would go hand in hand with my friend from
Ohio, for example, in stopping all further appro
: priations for the construction of the proposed
Capitol dome. I concur with him in the desire
which he, on- a former occasion, expressed, to
see it stand in its present condition—a truncated
abortion, I would say—as a memento to this
country of her own improvidence and extrava-
gance. But, sir, do other members—do members
generally—entertain this opinion? Par from it.
How was it with the last Congress ? Those mem-
bers of it whose votes tended, directly or indirect-
ly, to the encouragement of such a system of ex-
travagance, and those who have recorded their
votes for some apparently favorite measure, at the
present session of this Congress, might well for-
bear to cast censure upon a talented, industrious,
faithful, and honorable public servant, who is
merely carrying their own system into effect. - On
this point, we will have a practical test in the vote
which is to be taken on the proposed expenditure
for the dome of the Capitol. Let us see whether
members will vote for continuing it; and let those
who may unite with my friend from Ohio, and
' myself, m a desire to stop that expenditure, claim
i for ourselves at least the merit of consistency.
If we do not put a stop to the bad system of con-
stiucting edifices on a scale to which the train-
ing nnd expei ieiice of ordinary architects or
builders is not adapted, it would be a miserable
calculation to use the superintendence of such
architects, in preference to that of eminent officers
of the corps of engineers—officers who are edu-
cated at the expense of the nation for the con-
struction of fortifications, and other works, on
the largest scale, and are known to be practically,
as well as scientifically, conversant not merely
with theprineiplesof architecture and engineering,
but with all the economical details of their art. If
we are to continue to construct such edifices
(which God forbid !) economy isundoubtedly con-
sulted in avniling ourselves of their efficient aid.
If we try for a season the experiment of dispens-
ing with it, we will soon, probably, bo taught
lessons which will make us glad to recur to it.
No, sir; the error is not with these faithful ser-
vants of the Government, but with those who
unadvisedly assume to be their legislative mas-
ters. The tendency of the age is progressive
towards a recklessness in expenditure, as uad and
as dangerous as direct corruption. This, where
not coirupt in itself, is the parent cause of cor-
rupt and profligate expenditure in others. The
spirit of economy appears to have forsaken our
country. That of extravagance stalks like a de-
mon through the land, involving our private and
our public affairs m rum and disgrace. It has
found its way into the Halls of Congress, and
now swells our bloated appropriation bills. This
it is which has engendered the most of those evils
of which there is a just cause of complaint. Let
me see a majority of the House try to correct
this great cause of these evils. Let me ask whether
there is a majority of the House that would pre-
fer modest structures like the State Department,
the War and Navy Departments, and the Treas-
ury Department of former days, to these ostenta-
tious palaces, these imitations of foreign struc-
tures, which have usurped their places ? With
such a majority, we may do something to reform
the legislation of the country. But let us not find
fault with those agents Gf the Government who
have only carried out the will of Congress. Let
the blame be cast where the fault lies—with those
Congresses who have caused the evil.
Mr. GREENWOOD. I move to amend the
amendment of the gentleman from Ohio by
inserting "January," instead of "November.
Mr. Chai rman, I do not propose to enter into any
discussion as to the merits of the amendment of
the gentleman from Ohio. 3 agree with him that
economy requires that some change should be
made in the control of the erection of our public
buildings, and I am rather inclined to favor his
proposition, that her:after the War Department
