TOE CONGRESSIONAL, GLOBE.
February 7,
\
person of his Ministers, should be responsible to
Hie people for the execution of its trust. But, after
the beginning of the sixteenth century, a change
osme over all the nations of Western Europe,
except Great Britain; their parliaments fell intp
desuetude—their constitutions became despotic.
'"The British Government alone presented then, as
I think it presents now almost alone, an instance
of the existence of a limited monarchy, conserv-
ative of the freedom of the people. gajnfj^xims
wh^i-werearelLimderstpod in Europe, but were
adhered to only by SreatBrBain, saved .this, grgat
h^efieiaj'$nd benign result. .One'o'f "those was,
&at"\lie' power of' raising' anaappTy ing' money"_
hapnfrentK" th"e~* HotrSe of" Commons—to the
p^pEitHause—to' tHe Ilou'se which directly
represented the people, as distinct from the Exec-
utive himself, or from that other branch of the
Legislature, which represented a distinct interest
in the State.
At the time, then, that our Constitution was
adopted, we all know that the British Govern-
ment was studied as a model. We all know that
Montesquieu had adopted it as the very ideal of
'a' system of free government; and we all know
lhat one of the principal features by which the
liberties of the people had been preserved was,
that the House of Lords, the upper branch of the
Legislature, were excluded from the power of pass-
ing money bills. B.y money bills were under-
stood. as is now understood in Great Britain,
equally bills for raising moneys and bills for pay-
ing moneys for the support of Government. Here
UU.modern times we have come to a distinction
beiween .bills' for raising "moneys and bills for ap-
propriating.'money o¥ appropriating'revenue; but
m the British system the principle "prevailed then,
as it yet prevails, that the House of Commons,
regarded as the representatives of the people, had
the exclusive power of originating bills for the
raising and for the expenditure of revenue. It
was this power which carried the Commons of
Great Britain through that revolution 111 which
they saved the cause of national liberty and of
Constitutional freedom, when it was in danger
of beins overborne by the influence and power
of the Executive and of the House of Lords.
When 'our Constitution was under considera-
tion in the convention, various plans were sug-
gested by different members. Every one of
these winch was suggested, from whatever quar-
ter," copied from the British constitution this
broad, distinct feature as necessary for the con-
servation of the liberties of the people—that the
House of Representatives, the first branch, as it
was then called, of the Legislature, should have
the exclusive power of passing money bills.
The convention sat long, and debated much, and,
after a time, a difficulty was discovered which
threatened, as we all recollect, the failure of the
convention, and the consequences of anarchy to
the country. That difficulty, as we all know,
arose in this way: that the smaller States claimed
an equal representation in the Legislature—the
larger States insisted on a representation in pro-
portion to numbers; and the smaller States refused
to come into a Constitution in which they were
liable to be lost by the greater power of repre-
sentation in the larger States. After a time a
compromise was suggested; which was, that the
smaller States should have an equal representa-
tion in the Senate, and the larger States should
have a representation proportionate to their num-
bers in the House of Representatives.
Then, when this compromise was suggested,
the larger States insisted that the House of Rep-
resentatives, representing the people, and to be
elected by the people, should have the exclusive
power of passing money bills, and that it should
not be divided with the Senate, which represented
the States, and the members of which were to be
appointed by the Legislatures of the States. Fi-
nally, the compromise was adopted upon this
principle; First, that the Senate should be com-
posed of two delegates from each State; and sec-
ondly, that the power of originating money bills
should be exclusively invested in the House of
Representatives.
Upon that compromise this Legislature was
organized. The innovation which is now con-
templated, in its nature, affects that compromise,
which is a principle of the Constitution. In order
that I may be perfectly candid, and not be sup-
posed to be willing to pervert the argument at all,
I deem it proper to state distinctly, that while,
throughout all the early stages of the convention,
and of the examination of this compromise, the
bills which were to originate in the House were
described as money bills, as bills for the raising
and for the appropriation of revenue, yet in the
"end, when the Constitution came to be adopted,
it was found that the portion of the exception
which related to the appropriation of moneys was
struck out, and the clause eame into the Consti-
tution as it is found now in the seventh section
of the first article:
"AH hill? for raising revenue shall originate in the House
of Representatives; but the Senate may propose or concur
with amendments as on other bills." *
So that, e^cAording to the letter of the Constitu-
tion, the limitation was applied'only to bills for
raising revenue, and the qualification orrestriction
upon bills appropriating revenue was omitted.
Now, ^ am not going to contend that the .pro-
vision of tlie'Constitution which I have read, by
its letter, forbids the Senate from originating ap-
propriation bills. Its letter clearly concedes it,
and I concede also, that there is an argument to
be drawn fVom the fact that the convention dis-
cussed the proposition in both its shapes, and
finally adopted the one which we now find, in
which the limitation is applied only to bills ori-
ginating revenue, that the convention may have
considered that appropriation bills might he ori-
ginated in the Senate. But against this argument
is 011c which seems to mo perfectly conclusive, j
and it is this reply: Whatever the convention '
iftav have purposed, and however they may have
understood the Constitution which they have ,
&amed, the fact is a stubborn one, that the Senate j
has never originated an appropriation bill, but i
tlyvt iLhas always conceded to the House of Rep- !
resentatives the origination of appropriation bills; j
and the House of Representatives has never con- J
aided to the Senate the right to originate such j
bills, but has always insisted upon and executed !
that right itself. This could not have been acci- i
Rental—it was,.th.eVcfore designed. The design !
and purpose were those of the contemporaries of i
the Constitution itself; audit evinces their under- '
Standing of the subject, which was, that bills of a J
general nature for appropriating the public money ;
or for laying taxes or burdens on the people,
direct or indirect in their operation, belonged to ;
the province of the House of Representatives. ;
There is abundant reason why it snould bo so; i
for, practically, the constitutional provision is i
valueless on any other principle, supposing it to j
be valuable; and we are to admit that ft had a !
distinct and benign purpose, conservative of pub- '
lie liberty and of public safety, in being put into j
the Constitution. Practically, the Congress of the 1
United States raise revenue but once in three, i
five, ten, or fifteen years. We have never passed j
a bill, except in time of war, 1 think, for levying j
money by the imposition of direct taxes. That !
was one of the sources and means of revenue
which were in contemplation by the framers of
the Government.
Again: at the time the Constitution was made,
| it was apprehended that in our system, as in the
j British and in all other systems, the money would
11 have to be raised to-day to pay the expenses of
; I the day; that when we wished to build a Capitol,
,i we must provide the means then; and when wc
: wished to build a Navy, the revenue bill must bo
!i adopted with reference to that end, at the same
il time with the appropriation bill directing the ex-
,; penditure of the money. This is the only Gov-
! ernment, I think, that has ever existed in which,
1 j owing to the long and almost constant prevalence
of peace, owing to the possession of such vast
resources, and to the application of so many mil-
lions of free minds directing free hands in the
transactions of society, the revenues directed to-
day not only supply all the wants of to-morrow,
the next year, or the next five years, or the next
ten years, but also pour a surplus into the Treas-
ury beyond the present demand.
Sir, If this power is confined to the raising of
revenue, and does not include the expending of it,
then the right which was reserved to the House I
, of Representatives is useless; because, practically,j
we provide for raising revenue so seldom, that |
1 the exclusion of the Senate from it is of no real j
value to the country. But if it applies to the ;
i expenditure of public moneys, the principle is \
1 saved. In order to show what the principle is, I
I read from the speech of Dr. Franklin, who sup-
ported the provision in the Constitution excluding
the Senate from any power to originate bills for
the expenditure or for the raising of money:
" Dr. Franklin did not mean to go into a justification of
the report; but as it had been asked what would b,e the use
of restraining the second branch from meddling with money
bills, he could not but remark, that it was always of import-
ance that the people should know who had disposed of tber
money, and how it had been disposed of. It was a maxim,
that those who feel can best judge. This end would, he
thought, be best attained, if money affairs were to be con-
fined to the immediate representatives of the people. This
was his inducement to concur in the report."
Then I submit for the consideration of the
Senate, that while the letter of the Constitution
allows them to adopt this instruction, the spirit
of the Constitution, as ascertained from the Brit-
ish constitution and from the cotemporaneous
debates, and especially as ascertained from the
practice of the Government for seventy years,
requires that this power should be continued
exclusively in the hands of the House of Repre-
sentatives.
I think, for these reasons, that I am safe in
saying, that the responsibility rests on those who
favor this resolution to show a reason why this
great innovation should be made. It seems to
me but just to demand from them the grounds
upon winch it is necessary or wise to depart from
a practice which is according to the spirit of the
Constitution, and has existed from the origin of
the Government. I know they can give several
reasons. I know they can tell us, as we have
already been told by a friend of this proposition
in the Senate, the honorable Senator from Penn-
sylvania, [Mr. Brodiiead,] that the House of
Representatives delays until too late an hourjhe
preparation of these bills, and docs not afford the
Senate an opportunity to inquire and examine
into their details. I know they can say also,
(and they will have the warrant of very good and
very wise men who framed the Constitution, and
who differed from Dr. Franklin, and from Mr.
Mason from Virginia, and others, who insisted
on this proposition, for saying,) that, practically,
there is no danger or inconvenience to result from
allowing the Senate to share equally with the
House of Representatives in this business. I
oppose to all that the reply, that the simpler the
form of government is the more easily business
is transacted, and that the financial system of
Russia is conducted with vastly more conveni-
ence and promptness than the financial system
of Great Britain or of the United States. I have
no doubt that, to-day the financial affairs of
France, under Napoleon III., arc conducted with
much more promptness and much more success
than they were conducted under the Republic
which he overthrew by his usurpation. It is
enough for us, in my view, that the House of
Representatives can do this duty, that they do
perforin it, and that the Government goes on;
and that the Senate has its power and its right—
and can exercise it—of amending these appropri-
ation bills when they come to us.
The object of the establishment of two separate
Houses of the Legislature was not to facilitate
business, was not to facilitate the levying of money
from the people, or the appropriation of the peo-
ple's money. The object was not facility in the
transaction of business; for bills would pass twice
as easily through one House as they can pass
through two; and an edict can pass much more
easily through the council chamber of a King or
a President, than it can be passed where he has
only a single legislative body to cooperate with
him. The object was entirely different. It was
to divide power into different departments; to
distribute the powers of the Government into sev-
eral distinct departments; and that is the great
principle which Mr. Hamilton said was the chief
maxim of government—to raise up departments
whose interests and inclinations should be* op-
posed to each other, so that, though one might
be faithless, another might be found true to the
cause of the nation and the liberties of the people.
Therefore it was that the House of Representa-
tives was not enough, but that a Senate was cre-
ated. It is amongst the most extraordinary polit-
ical events I have ever known, that, while Mr.
Jefferson predicted a triumphant and peaceful
success to the French Republic, notwithstanding
it knew of but one legislative body, overruling
his own judgment on tlut point, Mr. John
Adams, who had studied deeply into the philos-
