1856.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL <5LOBE.
set
34th Cong....1st Sess.
 4. 
Affairs in Kansas—Mr. Collamer.
Senate.
Constitution was adopted, we all know that there
was an ordinance extending over all the territory
northwest of the Ohio river, prohibiting slavery.
We are told by the President, in his annual mes-
saee, that when the Constitution of the United
States was adopted it superseded and repealed
the provisions of that ordinance. He deduces
that conclusion in this way: Inasmuch as the
Constitution gave power to Congress to admit
new States on the same footing with the original
States, if that ordinance contained anything for-
bidding slavery, it was inconsistent witn that pro-
vision, and therefore was superseded and repealed
by it. I do not agree to that sort of constitutional
law at all; but that is what we are informed by
the President. But suppose, for the sake of the
argument, we treat the matter in that light. Then,
I will call the attention of gentlemen to the history
of legislation in regard to the Northwest Territory,
though it has been so well done by the Senator from
Iowa, [Mr. Harlan,] that it is not necessary for
me to do so.
In the admission of Ohio as a State, Congress
declared that they should form their constitution
consistently with the ordinance. Informing the
Territories of Indiana, Illinois, Michigan, and
Wisconsin, included within the original North-
west Territory, in every instance the legislation
of Congress expressly reenacted the whole ordi-
nance, and spread it over these Territories from
time to time, step by step. As fast as Territories
were formed, just so fast the principle of prohibi-
tion kept on, pari passu. It went over the Missis-
sippi, and reached Minnesota and Iowa, and
crossed the Rocky Mountains to Oregon. In all
these instances the same legislation—prohibition
of slavery where it did not exist—was proceeded
with by Congress. It is not necessary to par-
ticularize these acts any further. But let us go
South, and see how it stands there.
Mr. President, there is perhaps no better settled
principle of law than that the power to regulate
includes the power to control. When power is
granted to regulate a subject, it always includes
the exercise of full discretion by the body which
possesses the power. For this reason it has been
held that the power to regulate commerce, con-
ferred upon Congress bythe Constitution, includes
the power to lay a perpetual embargo. The em-
bargo which was laid during our difficulties with j
England preceding the last war, had no limita- I
tion. In that case the question arose; and our |
courts decided that the power to regulate com- j
merce included the power entirely to prohibit it,
without limitation of time. The power conferred
by the Constitution to regulate trade with the
Indian tribes is a power to prohibit trade with
those Indian tribes; and it has been exercised
■very often. The same principle has been fre-
quently decided by the Supreme Court of the Uni-
ted States in many different forms, where the
application of the principle has arisen.
I desire now to speak in relation to the exercise
of power by the Congress of the United States over
the subject of slavery in the Southern Territories.
I wish to call attention to the action in those cases
where slavery existed at the time when the terri-
torial government was extended over the Terri-
tories. The first to which I refer is the case of
the Territory of Tennessee. In the conveyance
by North Carolina to the United States of the
Territory now composing the State of Tennessee,
the authority of the United States was limited
and controlled so as to prevent the prohibition
or abolition of slavery. In the case alluded to
by the Senator from Georgia, [Mr. Toombs,] of
the Mississippi Territory, in 1798, a somewhat
similar state of things existed. That was a region
of country over which Georgia had some claim.
She had made grants of land there—the celebrated
Yazoo grant among the number. Her inhabitants
had settled there. A law was passed by Con-
gress in 1798, for the appointment of commis-
sioners to setde with Georgia as to her claims
with the United States over this Territory; and
in the same act provision was made for the organ-
ization of a territorial government. The com-
missioners went on and made the arrangement.
Georgia quit-claimed to the United States all her
rights, and inserted in her deed of cession a clause
that the United States should not abolish slavery
in the Territory—th« mme provision which was
made in the North Carolina deed of cession. This
was done after the act of Congress was passed;
but the existence of slavery in the Territory was
well-known. Part of it came from Florida, also
a slave-holding region.
Now let us see whether or not the act of 1798
in regard to the Mississippi Territory adopted the
so-called principle of non-intervention. Recollect,
sir, that at that time Congress had under the
Constitution no power to prohibit the migration
of such persons as the then existing States might
think proper to admit until 1808. But in that
law of 1798 there was an express provision pro-
hibiting the importation of slaves by the inhabit-
ants of the Territory. They were composed of
settlers from 'Georgia, under the grants of that
State and the old inhabitants of Florida, a portion
of which came to us from Great Britain under the
treaty of 1783. These people were there with
their slaves. The people, when a part of the
Territory was under the jurisdiction of Georgia,
had the same power to import slaves which the
remainder of Georgia possessed. The moment
the cession was made, however, those people were
deprived of that power by an act of Congress
passed as early as 1798.
I come, now, to the case of Louisiana. In 1803
we acquired Louisiana from France; and in 1804
the first legislation of Congress was enacted in
; regard to it, constituting it into a Territory, called
Orleans Territory. This was before the date of
i the operation of the provision of the Constitution
allowing Congress to prevent the migration of
certain persons into the existing States; but in the
act of 1804 we find three leading provisions on
the subject of slavery, regulating, and thereby
i exercising power over it, in the Territory. In the
j first place, Congress prohibited the bringing of
I slaves into that Territory from any place, unless
they came with families as settlers. In the next
place, Congress prohibited the importation of
slaves into that Territory from beyond the limits
of the United States. The third feature in that
act, to which fifty one who reads it cannot but be
particularly attracted, is, that no slaves should be
i taken there with settlers as members of families,
or in any other way, if they had been imported
Into the United States since 1798. It was declared
that slaves brought in in violation of either of
these provisions should be free, and that those
j taking them into the Territory should be subjected
to heavy penalties. At first, on looking at the act,
I did not see why Congress fixed the date of 1798;
but, on a little reflection, I perceived very well
what the object was. Congress, in the Territo-
ries where they had power, had prohibited the
' importation of slaves. It was done in 1798, in
the Mississippi Territory, as before stated. Thus
] | Congress had expressed their views in regard to
! I the subject. The States were at liberty to do as
j they pleased up to 1808; butin 1804, in legislating
for the Territory of Orleans, Congress expressly
I said: " We told you, as early as 1798, that where
we had power no more slaves should be imported
from abroad. Now, if you have imported slaves
into your States since that time, you shall not
take them into this Territory, over which we have
jurisdiction."
This was the legislation of Congress, and can
any man of candor tell me that it was non-inter-
vention ? It certainly is not. It is the exercise
of full power over the subject by the enactment
of practical and important legislation in regard to
slavery in the Territories of the United States
where that institution existed. From this legis-
lation I deduce this conclusion—that Congress
claimed to have, and did exercise, full power to
make provision on the subject of slavery, where
slavery existed at the time when Congress legis-
lated in regard to them. Congress did not think
proper to prohibit it in those cases, but they ex-
ercised complete jurisdiction over the subject by
regulating it. In reference to those portions of
the country where there Were no slaves, Congress,
II in the exercise of its power, dominion and sov-
ereignty over territory without the limits of any
particular State, legislated on the subject of
slavery from time to time as, in their discretion,
they thought proper; that is, by utterly prohibit-
ingit.
This system of legislation continued uninter-
ruptedly for many years. The Missouri compro-
mise of 1820 was a part and parcel of the same
system. There was much agitation on the sub-
ject at that time; but finally the difficulty wasj
settled by admitting Missouri as a slaveholding
State, and declaring that, in all the territory north
and west of it, above the line of 36° 30', where
slavery did not in fact exist—in a region which
was then a wilderness (where Kansas and Ne-
braska are now situated)—there should  e no
slavery. This was the exercise of precisely the
same power on which I have been commenting.
It was in the repeal of this compromise in 1854,
and permitting the people of Kansas to establish
slavery therein while it remained a Territory,
and so preparing the way for a slave State consti-
tution, that the great wrong to the free States and
cause of freedom consists.
By the exercise of this course of legislation, from
time to time, things went on quietly and peacefully
until 1854. Most of the Territories thus formed
by Congress have been admitted into the Union
as States, without any trouble; they have made
their State constitutions as they have thought
proper, always, however, in eonformrty to their
territorial condition as to slavery, and Congress!
has received them into the Union. There has
always been peace; there has never been any
trouble in regard to these Territories where Con-
gress prohibited slavery. When they came to
form their State constitutions, there was never
any trouble or distress as to the extent of liberty
which they were allowed. In those Territories
where Congress found slavery existing and per-
mitted it to continue, and regulated it, there was
; no trouble whatever when they came to make
their constitutions, resulting from the previous
exercise of power by Congress over this subject.
It is indeed true, as we should expect, that the
' State constitutions have always been for freedom
! or slavery, as the condition of the Territory pre-
J pared it for.
j Now, however, in modern times, there are new
views of the Constitution. 1 have not the time, if
I had the physical ability, to reproduce them all
here, and show that they are new. The very
fact that they are broached at this late day for
the first time is, in my judgment, enoogh to
show their baselessness. "Especially is this the
case when a doctrine is broached wnich, carried
to its legitimate result, declares fifty years of
unquestioned legislation by Congress to be uncon-
stitutional and void. It must be wrorap, because
you thereby undertake to obliterate anato quench
all that light which is so important to us, as I
have already remarked, in construing the Consti-
tution on this great topic. I have observed in
the Kansas-Nebraska law, amongst other features
which it seems to me are new views on the Con-.
> stitution, a provision for the extension of the,
i Constitution by statute of the United States over
the Territory of Kansas. What, sir, extend the
Constitution of the United States over a Territory
j by an act of Congress! What an anomaly! I
: was surprised when I saw it: and I have carefully
I looked over every territorial act passed by Con-
gress since the foundation of the Government,
and I have been unable to find in any one of
them, previous to 1350, such a provision. I do
not know to what it is intended to lead-, but 1
think it my duty to call attention to its strange-
ness and novelty. It seems to me that it must
have some ulterior purpose which I cannot dis-
cover. It may perhaps be used hereafter as a
precedent to sustain some other new doctrine,
and a principle may be extracted from it which
those who adopted it did not think of, as has
been done in manv cases, and especially in this
very law in regard to the compromise of 1850.
Has Congress power to spread its authority
oyer a country not within its geographical juris-
diction ?_ Was the Constitution ever adopted by.
law, which must necessarily grow out of the Con-
stitution itself? Can you extend the Constitution
over a Territory by an act of Congress ? If you
can, you have but to repeal your act of-Congress,
and your Constitution does not extend there.
Sir, our jurisdiction over country is never ac-
quired by an act of legislation; it must be preexist-
ing. Legislation can extend only over country
which you already have within your jurisdiction.
Congress ha* no power over territory withinits
jurisdiction except that which th« Constitution
