1856.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1103
of citizens of Iowa, praying for the adoption of
measures to secure a Pacific railroad; which was
referred to the Committee on Public Lands.
Also, three petitions of citizens of Iowa, pray-
ing fur the establishment of a mail route from
Dyersville toDecorah, in that State; which were
referred to the Committee on the Post Office and
Post Roads.
Mr. DURKEE presented the petition of Ziba
T. Peters, a delegate of the StoSkbridge and Mun-
see Indians, praying for an immediate appropria-
tion for the payment of money due those Indians
under treaties with the United States; which was
referred to the Committee on Indian Affairs.
Mr. FITZPATRICK presented a petition of
citizens of Dallas county, Alabama, praying for
the establishment of a mail route from Camden
to Benton, in that State; which was referred to
the Committee on the Post Office and Post Roads.
Mr. WELLER presented a paper relating to
the claim of Captain S. D. Sturgis of the United
States Army, for additional compensation for
services in California; which was referred to the
Committee on Military Affairs.
REPORTS FROM COMMITTEES.
Mr. SEWARD, from the Committee on Pen-
sions, to whom was referred the petition of Sarah
Crandall, widow of James Coon, submitted a re-
port, accompanied by abill (S. No. 284) for the re-
lief of the heirs-at-law ot'Sarah Crandall, deceased;
which was read the first time, and passed to a
second reading. The report was ordered to be
printed.
Mr. JONES, of Iowa, from the Committee on
Pensions, to whom was referred the petition of
Sarah Blunt, submitted a report, accompanied by a
bill (S. No. 285)grantiug a revolutionary pension
to Sarah Blunt; which was read the first time, and
passed to a second reading. The report was
ordered to be printed.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the petition of Mrs. Ann Turner, sub-
mitted areport, accompanied by a bill (S. No. 286)
granting five years' half pay to Mrs. Ann Turner,
widow of Elbert Turner, deceased; which waS
read a first time, and passed to a second reading.
The report was ordered to be printed.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the petition of Nancy M. Gunsally,
submitted a report, accompanied by a bill' (S.
No. 287) granting a pension to Nancy M. Gun-
sally, widow of Lyman M. Richmond, deceased;
which was read a firsttime, and passed to a second
reading. The report was ordered to be printed.
Mr. PUGH, from the Committee on Public
Lands, to whom was referred the memorial of the
Indiana Yearly Meeting of Friends, submitted a
report, accompanied by abill (S. No. 288) to grant
the right of preemption in certain lands to the
Indiana Yearly Meeting of the Society of Friends;
which was read a first time, and passed to a second
reading. The report was ordeed to be printed.
Mr. SLIDELL,from the Committee on Roads
and Canals, to whom was referred two memorials
of citizens of Wisconsin, on the subject of a rail-
road to the Pacific, asked that they be discharged
from the further consideration of the same, and
that they be referred to the select committee on'
the Pacific railroad; wl ieh was agreed to.
Mr. FOSTER, from the Committee on Private
Land Claims, to whom was referred the petition
of Smith Mowry, submitted an adverse report;
which was ordered to be printed.
Mr. MALLORY. The Committee on Naval
Affairs, to whom was referred the petition of E.
Lloyd Winder, have had the same under consid-
eration' and have directed me to make an adverse
report. They ask that the memorialist have lib-
erty to withdraw his papers for the purpose of
submitting them to the Court of Claims.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. BAYARD. I am instructed by the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary, to whom was referred
resolutions offered by the honorable Senator from
Massachusetts, [Mr. Sumner,] in relation to the
establishment of a commission for the purpose of
revising the public statutes of the United States,
to ask to be discharged from the further consider-
ation of the subject. I think it not improper—I
believe it is not unparliamentary—to say that I did
not fully agree in the determination of the com-
mittee. I think the laws ought to be consolidated,
though I was opposed to the codification.
The committee were discharged from the fur-
ther consideration of the subject. t
ATMOSPHERIC TELEGRAPH.
Mr. JOHNSON. The petition of Luther V.
Bell, praying that his invention to transport mail
matter by atmospheric pressure may be tested
through the pipes intended for the Washington
aqueduct, he superintending the same, and that
he may be compensated therefor if it be found
serviceable, was referred to the Committee on
the Post Office 'and Post Roads. When the
petition was presented, a motion was made that
it be printed, which motion was referred to the
Committee on Printing. The reference was on
the motion of the Senator from Massachusetts,
[Mr. Sumner ] The committee are disposed of
course to report in favor of the printing of such
papers, where it is sought for or desired by any
Senator; but while it is usual to print memorials
from State authorities, it is not usual to print
petitions that come to the Senate from particular
individuals, especially when the petitions are so
short that the committee to whom they are re-
ferred can very easily look into them, and their
distribution is not proposed. The Committee on
Printing have, therefore, instructed me to report
back the petition, not recommending that it shall
be printed, but that it may be acted on by the
Committee on the Post Office and Post Roads in
its original shape.
The PRESIDENT. The question is on con-
curring in the report of the committee refusing
to recommend the printing of the petition.
The report was concurred in.
CHRISTIAN HAX.
Mr. BAYARD. I am instructed by the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary to report back House
bill (No. 219) for the relief of Christian Hax,
of the State of Maryland, without amendment,
with a recommendation that it pass. I also ask
the Senate now to consider this bill. I am per-
fectly satisfied that it cannot create a moment's
delay, for it will not give rise to any discussion.
If the Senate will agree to do so, I will state in
less than five minutes the substance of the bill.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate pro-
ceeded, as in Committee of the Whole, to consider
the bill.
It proposes to authorize the circuit court for the
Maryland district to amend the record of the
naturalization of Christian Hax, of date the 23d
of April, 1838, so as to make the word " Hanks"
read " Hax," if satisfactory proof shall be intro-
duced to show that he is the identical person who
was then naturalized by order of the court, and
that his name has been entered upon the records
of the court as " Hanks "by mistake or misprision
of the clerk of the court.
Mr. BAYARD. This bill is for the relief of,
I will say, a citizen of the United States; for he
is so in fact, though not,according to proof. In
1830 he was naturalized under the laws, but a
mistake was made in spelling his surname. It
was written " Hanks," instead of " Hax." Le-
gally, that is not idem sonant, and therefore the
court would not, after the lapse of time, without
special authority, correct the error. The object
of the bill is, not for us to decide on the question
of identity, but to authorize the court, on proof
being made to its satisfaction of the identity of
the individual who was naturalized in 1830, to
correct the clerical misprision by an order of the
court. I think that justice to tire party requires
the passage of the bill.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read the
third time, and passed.
FRENCH SPOLIATIONS.
Mr. CLAYTON. Mr. President, some time
ago I had the honor to offer to the Senate a res-
olution calling for some papers in regard to the
French spoliation claims. In my absence, that
resolution was called up, and laid on the table.
The objection made to the resolution was, that it
called for original documents from the Depart-
ment of State. It is true that it does call for
such papers; and the reason for that call is, that
it is necessary to have the report which is called
for, in order that the Senate may be able to judge
of the appearance of the report, and of the authen-
ticity of the handwriting. For that purpose I
called for it in that shape.
: resolution may bo taken up
I now ask that the
The motion was agreed to; and the'Senate pro- *"
ceeded to consider the following resolution,-which,
was submitted on the 14th of April:
Resolved, That the Secretary of State be directed' to lay
before the Senate the original journal of proceedings of tile
Board of American commissioners at Palis to liquidate and
audit the claims of American citizens against the French
Government, being for dehts'due to them, and for the satis-
faction of which provision was made by the convention
between the United States and France of Apiil 30, 1803.
Also, to lay before the Senate a copy from said journal of
the adjudications of said claims therein recorded under the
respective titles of an alphabetical index to the certificates
of admittance, and an alphabetical index- to the certificates
of rejection ; and a copy from said journal of the proceed-
ings of the board as recorded on the first day of December,
1P114. being the day on which the commission of the board
terminated.
Mr. CLAYTON. The reason why the original
documents are called for is that we may see by
the handwriting the authenticity of the paper.
Mr. EVANS. I should be glad to know the
size of the document, how many pages there are
in it, and whether—there is any danger of the
papers being lost.
Mr. CLAYTON. There are probably one
hundred pages.
Mr EVANS. That subject is not before the
Senate in any shape or form of which I am aware,
and I do not know for what purpose the inform-
ation is wanted.
Mr. CLAYTON. I would say to the gentle-
man that it is wanted for the purpose of showing
the fact which appears on the face of the paper,
that the claims, payment for which is asked by
the bill which has heretofore been on the table,
and which passed the Senate last year, but was
vetoed by the President, (providing for spoliations
committed by the French prior to the year 1800,)
do not include any claims which were paid under
the treaty of 1803. The object is to show that
the claims paid under the treaty of 1803 are not
embraced m thin bill.
The resolution, was considered by unanimous
consent, and agreed to.
NOTICE OF A BILL.
Mr. PUGH gave notice of his intention to ask
leave to introduce a bill granting a pension to
Mrs. Mary A. M. Jones, widow of Brevet Major
General Jones, deceased.
BILLS INTRODUCED.
Mr. GEYER, in pursuance of previous notice,
asked and obtained leave to introduce a bill to
revive and continue in force, for a limited period,
"An act for the final adjustment of land claims
in Missouri," approved July 9, 1832, and for
other purposes; which was read twice by its title,
and referred to the Committee on Private Land
Claims. „
Mr. GEYER, in pursuance of previous notice,
asked and obtained leave to introduce a bill to
provide for peremptory challenges in criminal
cases in the courts of the United States, withinthe
States admitted into the Union since September,
1789; which was read twice by its title, and re-
ferred to the Committee on the Judiciary.
Mr. GEYER, in pursuance of previous notice,
asked and obtained leave to introduce a bill to
relinquish to the inhabitants of St. Louis, Mis-
souri, for the use of schools, certain out-lots and
common field-lots heretofore reserved; which
was read twice by its title, and referred to the
Committee on Private Land Claims.
FORGERY OF LAND WARRANTS.
Mr. STUART. I introduced a bill into the
Senate, which was referred to the Committee on
the Judiciary, and, I believe, reported back on
Friday. It is avery important one in its charac-
ter, and 1 should like to have it acted on at this
time. Its object is to provide for the punishment
of certain forgeries in regard to land warrants.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate pro-
ceeded, as in Committee of the Whole, toconsider
the bill (S. No. 272) for the punishment of certain
crimes therein mentioned. It provides that it
shall be a felony, punishable by a fine not exceed-
ing J.500, and imprisonment at hard labor not ex-
ceeding ten years, to falsely make, forge, orcoun-
terfeit, or cause or procure to be falsely made,
forged, or counterfeited, or willingly aid or assist
in falsely making, forging, or counterfeiting, any
paper, writing, or instrument in imitation of, or
purporting to be, a certificate or warrant for bounty
land, issued by authority of any law of the United
States, or an assignment or transfer of any sucli.
