1978
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
August 8,
authorizing the building of those works. The
Chair inquired of the gentleman from Illinois if
there were already custom-houses where he pro-
posed, by his amendment, to build them? The
Chair understood the gentleman to respond that
there wore not, in some cases.
Mr. HARRIS. The Chair did not exactly
understand me. I stated that my proposition
covered the proposition contained in the amend-
ment of the gentleman from Kentucky. I in-
formed the Cha* that the proposition of the gen-
tleman from Kentucky contained no allusions
whatever to custom-houses, but simply to court-
houses. A portion of the amendment which I
have offered relates to court-houses, post offices,
and custom-houses.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair ruled the prop-
osition of the gentleman from Kentucky in order,
as providing for a contingency for carrying on a
department of the Government—as providing a.
court-room and a post office, where they already
existed, but were not sufficiently large to accom-
modate the business. The Chair rules the amend-
ment of the gentleman from Illinois out of order
as providing for constructing buildings for which
there is no existing law.
Mr. HARRIS. I appeal from the decision of
the Chair.
Mr. LETCHER. I wish to "make an inquiry
of the Chair. I objected to the amendment of
the gentleman from Kentucky as being out of
order, upon the ground that there was no exist-
ing law authorizing it. The Chair decided that
whether there was an existing law or not, it was
in order.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair made no such
decision upon any such ground.
Mr. LETCHER. That was the point I made,
and the Chair overruled it.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair will state the
position of the question, as he understands the
facts. The gentleman from Virginia rose to a
point of order, itnd stating that there was 110 law
authorizing the amendment. The Chair did not
decide the amendment in order for any such
reason, or upon any such ground, but because
it provided for a contingency in carrying on a
department of the Government—provided for a
court room where there was a court held, but in-
sufficiently accommodated—providing for a post
office when there already was a post office, but
insufficiently accommodated. The Chair ruled
the amendment of the gentleman from Illinois out
of order, because it proposed the erection of a
building when there was no existing law author-
izing it. From the decision of the Chair, on his
amendment, the gentleman from Illinois appeals.
Mr. LETCHER. I wish to make a further
inquiry of the Chair. ["Order!" " Order!"] I
desire to submit an inquiry to the Chair, as to a
matter of fact. [" Order!" " Order!"]
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio. I object to this
debate, and I call the gentleman from Virginia to
order.
Mr. LETCHER, (amid the most tumultuous
confusion, and cries of" Order!") said: I desire
to know, whether there is an existing law author-
izing an appropriation for the purposes embraced
in this amendment? There is no law for the case
presented by the gentleman from Kentucky, and
the proposition of the gentleman from Illinois
stands exactly upon the same ground. Duties arc
collected at the points where these custom-houses
are proposed to be erected; post offices are estab-
lished by law where post offices are proposed to
be built; and courts are to beheld at those points
also, under the law. Every principle, therefore,
which was connected with the amendment of the
gentleman from Kentucky, was embraced by the
amendment of the gentleman from Illinois.
Mr. L. resumed his seat amid cries of" Order!"
from every side jof the Hall.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine, moved that the
committee rise.
The motion was agreed to.
So the committee rose; and the Speaker having
resumed the chair, Mr. Grow reported that the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union had, according to order, had the state of
the Union generally under consideration, and
particularly a bill (H. R. No. 201) making ap-
- propriations for certain civil expenses of the
Government, for the year ending the 30th of
June, 1857, and had coma to bo resolution thereon.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio. I move that the
rules be suspended, and that the House resolve
itself into the Committee of the Whole on the state
of the Union. I think it very important that we
should get through this bill to-day.
Mr. STANTON, (at fifty minutes past three,
p. m.) I move that the House do now adjourn.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I call for the yeas and
nays on the motion to adjourn.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. HOUSTON. I desire to ask a question.
[Calls to "Order!"] It is a pertinent and a
proper question.
The SPEAKER. Debate is not in order.
Mr. HOUSTON. I am not going to debate the
question.
The SPEAKER. No question can arise on a
motion to ad journ.
Mr. HOUSTON. That is true; but I want to
ask a question. [Cries of " Order!"]
The SPEAKER. Order is called.
Mr. STANTON. Mr. Speaker 
Mr. LETCHER, (interrupting.) I object to
anything being said.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Ohio
may withdraw his motion, if he please; but he
can do nothing more.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I hope the House will vote
down the motion to adjourn.
Mr. LETCHER. I call the gentleman to order.
The SPEAKER. Debate is not in order.
The question was taken on Mr. Stanton's
motion; and it was decided in the negative—yeas
58, nays 85; as follows;
Y13AS — Messrs. Albright, ii.ill. Bishop, Bradshaw,
Branch, Brcnton, Jam<:s II. Campbell, dawson, Cunibaok,
Dodd, Durfoc, Edio, Flagler, Foster, Goodc, Granger, Har-
lan, Houston, (Jlaney Jones, Keitt, Knox, Kunkel,
Ijctchor, l.mnpkm, Mat'o, ."W.iv well, McCarty, McMullen,
McQueen, Million, Momll, Nichols, Perry, Plu'lps, Pike,
t'oitei, Powell, l'ilinrlr. Pumanco, Quitman, Ritchie, Bob-
bins, Robert-*, i-'-iliiti, riapp, rftieim.m, tMnntoi, Stanton,
Tappan, Tayloi, Todd, Walbridge, VValdron, Warner,
Cadwalad'-i C. VVashbuine, Ellihtl B. Washbuine, tsrae
Washburn, and Welch—08.
T\WVS—Baiboui, flondloy S. Bennett, Ben-Tn,
Bilhm'hurst, Bliss, Bowie, Lewis D. Campbell, Ca&kie,
Chadee, Ezra Ciaik, Williamson K. W. Cobb, Colfax,
Coimns, Covode, Cmjmi, D.innell, Uemy Winter Davis,
Timothy Davis, Uean, Denver, Edmnnd^on, Elliott, Emrte,
Etheud'se, Etlsris, Evans, Florence, Greenwood, Thomas
!,. Hams, Harrison, Haven, Iiiekman, Holloway, Thomas
It. llorton, Valentine B. Hot ton, Ilughslon, Kelly, Kclscy,
King, Knapp, Knight, Knowlton, Leiter, Uumphiey Mar-
shall, Mamuel S. Matt-hall, Miitteson, Smith Millet, Mill-
ward, Moore, Moigan, Molt, Murray, Norton, Andiew
Oliver, Parker, Peaiec, Peek, Pelton, Pettit, lteady, Rich-
ardson, Rivois, Tlultin. SaL'e, Seward, Simmons, William
Smith, Sliced, Spinner, Stiaiiahan,'Thoimgtou, Thurston,
Tialton, Tnppe, Ty.-on, Valk, Wade, Watson, Williams,
Wmslow, Woodruff, Woodworth, Daniel B. Wright, and
John V. VVi ight—85.
So the House refused to adjourn.
Pending the call of the roll,
Mr. FLORENCE stated that ho was desired
by Mr. Dunn to state to the House that that gen-
tleman was compelled to leave in consequence of
severe indisposition.
The question was then taken on Mr. Camp-
bell's motion, and it was agreed to; and the
House accordingly resolved itself into the Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union,
(Mr. Cragin in the chair.)
Mr. CAMPBELL. I move to lay aside bill
No. 201, and take up the bill making appropria-
tions for the Post Office Department.
The motion was agreed to.
And then, on motion of Mr. A. K. MAR-
SHALL, the committee (at ten minutes past four
o'clock, p. m.) took a recess until seven o'clock,
p. m.
EVENING SESSION.
The committee resumed its session at seven
o'clock, (Mr. Cragin in the chair,) the Post Office
bill being under consideration.
Mr. PERRY defended the Republican party
against the charge of disunion—examined the dif-
ferent party platforms now before the American
people—the past and present position of the sev-
eral candidates for the Presidency. He charged
the supporters of Mr. Buchanan with being dis-
unionists—alluded to their threats that the elec-
tion of Fremont would be an end of the Union,
and concluded by expressing the belief that Col-
onel Fremont would be triumphantly elected.
Mr. MATTESON spoke on Kansas affairs
and the slavery question.
Mr. A. K. MARSHALL discussed the slavery
question, the repeal of the Missouri compromise,
and the position of the Democratic and American
parties, and their respective candidates for the
Presidency.
Mr. GROW addressed the committee upon the
Kansas bill recently passed by the Senate, and
upon Kansas matters generally.
He was followed by Mr. DAVIS, of Maryland,
who spoke for an hour upon the Presidential
question.
Mr. NORTON obtained the floor, but yielded
Mr. WOODWORTH, who moved that the
committee rise.
The motion was agreed to.
So the committee rose; and the Speaker having
resumed the chair, Mr. Cragin reported that the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union
had had the Union generally under consideration,
and particularly the Post Office appropriation
bill, and had come to no resolution thereon.
And then, on motion of Mr. TRIPPE, (at half
past ten o'clock,) the House adjourned until
to-morrow, at eleven o'clock, a. m.
IN SENATE.
Friday, August 8, 1856.
Prayer by the Chaplain of the House of Rep-
resentatives, Rev. Daniel Waldo.
The J ournal of yesterday was read and approved.
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATION.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore laid before the
Senate a report of the Secretary of the Navy,
communicated in compliance with a resolution of
the Senate, in relation to the works of the sur-
veying and exploring expedition to Bhering's
Straits, recently returned to the United States;
which was read, and, on motion of Mr. Seward,
referred to the Committee on Commerce.
ENROLLED BILLS SIGNED.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore signed the fol-
lowing enrolled bills, which had heretofore re-
ceived the signature of the Speaker of the House
of Representatives:
An act to establish a library for young men in
the District of Columbia;
An act to incorporate the Columbia Library
of Capitol Hill, in the city of Washington;
An act to amend the charter of Georgetown, in
the District of Columbia;
An act for the relief of Bridget Maher; and
An act to continue the pension of Mrs. Nancy
Weatherford.
LANDS TO RAILROADS IN MISSISSIPPI.
The bill (H. R. No. 553) granting public land,
in alternate sections, to the State of Mississippi,
to aid in the construction of railroads in said
State, and for other purposes, was read twice by
its title.
Mr. BROWN. The chairman of the Commit-
tee on Public Lands in the House of Representa-
tives [Mr. Bennett, of New York,] said very
properly, on introducing this bill, that it grants to
my State less than has been given to any of the
other land States, and, while the quantity is less,
the land is infinitely poorer. All the other bills
having passed, 1 ask the indulgence of the Senate
to pass this bill this morning. There is no neces-
sity for referring it, because it is exactly similar
to the other bills, and a reference at this time will
destroy it.
Mr. SEWARD. According to that statement
it is a very unjust bill.
Mr. BROWN. But it is the best we can get.
Mr. ADAMS. 1 will only add that this same
bill, with a much greater grant of land in it,
passed this body at the last session.
The Senate proceeded, as in Committee of the
^Vhole, to consider the bill.
Mr. BROWN. No one desires the readingof
the whole bill; it is like the other land grants.
The reading of the bill at length was dispensed
with. It was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, and read
the third time,
Mr. BIGGS. I desire to record my vote against
that bill, and I ask for the yeas and nays on its
The yeas and nays were ordered.
