-m
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
February 7,
What the Senator from New York asked us to
do the other day—establish a custom-house m
Georgetown by a separate bill-why may we not
bass a civil and diplomatic appropriation bill,
which usually provides for the establishment of
many custom-houses ? If we may pass a bill
appropriating millions of dollars for French spolia-
tions,—and such bills have originated in this body,
arid been supported by the Senator from New
York,—why may we not pass bills of far less
amount, which are called general appropriation
bills—in relation, for instance, to the Military
Academy ? Can any man show me the difference,
so far as the question of power is concerned ? If
.you were to deny that power to the Senate, you
would rob it of more than half its usefulness—you
#ould deprive it of nearly all its efficiency.
Nor, sir, is it true that the framers of the Con-
stitution acted upon the supposition that there
was an analogy between this body and the House
of Lords in England; nor is it true that they
framed a provision in our Constitution which cor-
responds with that which prevailed in the Eng-
lish constitution. There, the House of Lords can
do nothing with a money bill—I mean a bill for
raising taxes, for furnishing supplies. The House
of Lords cannot even amend such a bill. Here,
on the other hand, there is an express provision
in the Constitution that the Senate shall have
power to amend and to alter revenue bills.
This is a question which has been discussed
long ago, and more than oncc; and not only docs
the practice of the Senate, and not only-does the
assent of the House, in passing appropriation
bills which originate here, affirm the existence of
the right; but commentators on the Constitution
maintain the principle. Judge Story has said, in
a well-written chapter on" this vefy sttbjcct; that
Cite"prohibition of the Constitution was confined
only to those bills which provided for raising
taxes. If the Senate will allow me, as the ex-
tract is not ar very long one, I will read to them
what he says in regard to the propriety of put-
ting any such prohibition upon the Senate of the
United States as the Senator from New York sup-
poses. Judge Story says:
" ttwillbeat once perceived that the same reasons do not
exist in the same extent, for the same exclusive light in oui
House of Representatives in regard to money bills, as exist
for such right in the British House of Commons. It may
be fir, that it should possess the exclusive right to originate
money bills, since it maybe piesumed to po.-sess moie
ampte means of local information, and it moic dncctly
represents the opinions, feeling, and wishes of the people;
and, being duootJy dependent upon them for support, it will
be more watchful and cautious in the imposition of taxes,
than a body which emanates exclusively from the States
in their sovereign political capacity; but, as the Senators
are, in a just sense, equally repiesentaaves of the people,
and do not hold their offices by a permanent or hcreditaiy
title, but periodically return to the common mass of citizens;
and, above all, as direct taxes are, and must be, apportioned
among the States, according to their Federal population ;
and as all the Status have a distinct local niteioit, both as
to the amount and nature of all taxes of eveiy soit, which
are to be levied, there seems a peculiar fitness m giving to
the Senate a power to alter 01 amend, as well as to concur
with or reject, all money bills. The due influence of all
the States is thus preserved ; foi othei \vi<e it, might happen,
from the overwhelming representation of some 6( the huge
States, that taxes might be levied which would bear with
peculiar severity upon the interests-either agricultural,
commercial, or manufacturing—of others, being the minor
States; and thus the equilibimm intended by the Consti-
tution, as well of power us of interest and influence, might
be practically subverted."
He says again:
" Indeed the histoiy of the origin of the power already
suggested
that is, the limitation in the Constitution of which
wc have been speaking—
" abundantly proves that it has been confined to bills to
levy taxes in the strict sense of the woid,and has not been
understood to extend to bills for other purposes, which may
incidentally create revenue. No one supposes that a bill to
sell any of the public lands, or to sell public stock, is a bill
to raise revenue, in the sense of the Constitution. Much
less would a bill be so deemed, winch merely regulated the
yaluc of foreign and domestic coins,1"' &c.
In the course of this very chapter he refers to
the fact, that the bill for the establishment of the
Post Office Department, which does raise revenue
by means of postages, originated in the Senate.
So far, then, as the question of power is con-
cerned, it seems to me that there is not the least
shadow of foundation for the argument which
the Senator from New York has given us. In
fact, after all, it rests upon the mere question of
practice. Well, sir, there is a very sufficient
reason why theie should be a change in this re-
gard. When this Government was instituted,
the whole appropriations to carry on the Govern-
ment did not, perhaps, exceed more than is now
appropriated for the uses of the two Houses of
Congress, if we include their printing. Appro-
priations were small; the objects of appropriation
were not so numerous, complicated, and difficult
as they now are, and did not require the same
labor and consideration.
Besides, when this Confederacy was smaller,
the House of Representatives itself was a more
efficient body than it now is—more practicable, if
I may use the term—was better able to originate
and to mature bills of this sort. Now, when our
Confederacy includes such a variety of interests,
and such aft enlarged extent of territory, it be-
comes more difficult for that body to originate
th'em—so difficult that it is scarcely ever able to
mature them in time to enable the Senate to ex-
ercise its just right of amending and considering
them.
In this state of things, it occurred to the Com-
mittee on Finance that, if we were to originate
some of the general appropriation bills here, and
let others be originated in the House, we might
secure to both Houses the right, which is so im-
portant to both of them, to consider maturely
and properly the appropriation bills. Tf it be for
the better dispatch of public business to act on
these bills understanding^ and promptly, then it
is for the interest of both Houses that the busi-
ness should be so conducted. How is it aify
encroachment on the rights of the House of Rep-
resentatives if we originate such a bill here ? They
will have to pass upon it afterwards. Can they
not reject it or amend it as they choose > Can any
bill pass which does not receive their assent, and
which they do not consider proper? The only
effect will be that, by this division of labor, wc
shall have the appropriation bills more maturely
and deliberately considered than they now are.
So far as the question of power is concerned, I
believe that it would add to the power of the
House of Representatives—that it would increase
their facility of dispatching business and taking
a more general survey of the whole business of
the country. As matters now stand, they do not
do much more than mature the appropriation
bills; and when measures of general legislation
are passed, unfortunately, during the last three
or four years, they have been passed as mere
appendages to the general appropriation bills
themselves. If we were to divide this labor—
the Senate taking a portion of it, and the House
a portion of it—the House of Representatives
would have more time to attend to subjects of
general legislation, and would have a larger share
of influence, and a more potential voice in the
general legislation of the country.
Mr. President, 1 go further. I believe it would
promote the efficiency of the representative branch
of this Government. I believe it would tend to
maintain the power and influence of some rep-
resentative branch much longer, to enable the
Senate thus to share this power, and thus enable
the two Houses of Congress to exercise more
influence over the general legislation of the coun-
try. As things now stand, as the other House
becomes more numerous, and as it becomes more
and more difficult to pass bills through it, the
whole effect is to throw power—where ? Iiere ?
No, sir; but in the executive branch. The tend-
ency of our system of government is to accumu-
late power in the executive government, and the
check upoYi it, after all, will be found to lie here.
It will be found to lie here, because wc represent
the people enumerated in a different manner from
the representation 111 the House of Represent-
atives. The President and the House of Rep-
resentatives represent very nearly the same
constituency; and the check designed by the
Constitution was to interpose a representation,
according to territory, between those two, so as
to operate as a balancc upon both. Sir, you pre-
serve that balance by maintaining the just rights
and powers and privileges of the Senate of the
United States; and you preserve the efficiency
of representative government, by enabling both
branches of Congress to consider and mature,
each according to its own will and judgment, the
appropriation bills. If they are so managed that
they are left alone to the House of Represent-
atives, as that body becomes larger and large**,
and more and more impracticable, as we have
seen, will it not follow that, after all, we shall
have no other appropriation-bills than the mere
estimates of the Departments—appropriation bills
which are not considered here, because they do
not come to us in time—appropriation bills which
often, from various accidents that may occur,
from sectional strifes, from great excitements,
are not always properly considered in the House
in which they have heretofore been originated.
Sir, the advantages which we should have by
originating some of the appropriation bills here—
advantages in which the House would participate,
advantages which the people would derive from
it—are these: This is a smaller body; it can act
more efficiently; the term of service is longer, and
it will generally happen that members who are
here have been trained to this business and enjoy
a larger experience in it. It would seem to be
proper, therefore, that the initiation of such bills
should be confided, to some extent, to those who
have the most experience, and to that body which
can act with most efficiency and dispatch. Nor
will the House lose power by it; they will act
on every item. They can subtract as much as
they choose, or add as much as they choose, to
such bills; the only effect is to increase their own
efficiency.
I acknowledge, sir, that it would be an unfor-
tunate thing for. the two Houses to get into a
controversy; not on the question of power, for
there can be no such question in this case, but
upon a question of courtesy. It seems to me,
however, that there can be no danger of this. If
it should appear, upon a consideration of thft
proposition, that it is boet for both Houses, and
best for the country, that we should originate
such bills, if the two committees interchange
opinions, as doubtless they will, and agree on
some division of these bills, in order to divide the
labor and to enable both Houses to go to work at
once upon them,—if this course be taken, it seems
to me there can be no danger of dispute on any
mere matter of courtesy, which is the only danger
I ever apprehended in regard to it.
I think, therefore, that it is eminently proper
that we should make the experiment. We can-
not tell whether the House of Representatives
will agree to it, until we try them; let us try
them. It will be time enough to consider the
other question when they shall refuse to do so,
or shall take it as a reflection on them. I have
no idea that they will so regard it. The resolu-
tion is not so intended. It is intended for the
common good of both Houses, and especially for
the good of the country. So far as I am con-
cerned, my wish is that the Senate should determ-
ine the question at once. If we are to undertake
this business, it is time we were at it; the labor is
great. If we are not, wc ought to know it, so
that we may not throw away labor without any
benefit to ourselves or to the country.
Mr. TOOMBS. Mr. President, the Senator
from New York is wholly mistaken in his sup-
position of what would be my course under dif-
ferent circumstances. I indicated, on a former
occasion, that I favored this particular measure;
and I will now state that, for several years while
I was a member of the other House, and while I
was serving on the Committee of Ways and
Means there, I repeatedly urged my friend from
Virginia, the chairman of the Committee on Fi-
nance of this branch of Congress, to originate in
this body some of the general appropriation bills.
1 urged him to do so, because I deemed it neces-
sary to the exercise of the just power of both
Houses over questions of expenditure. That was
my opinion as a member of the House of Repre-
sentatives, and as a member of the Committee of
Ways and Means of that House. That having
been my course then, I have the best reasons to
know what my course would be if I were^pow a
member of that branch; and therefore the suppo-
sition of the Senator from New York, as to what
my course would be, is altogether baseless.
Sir, there is no constitutional question involved
in this matter, as the Senator from Virginia has
very properly stated. The Senator from New
York himself admits that the words of the Con-
stitution are clear, and he does not deny that
according to those words we have the power.
The language of the Constitution on this subject
is very explicit. The terms which its framers
employed have a definite meaning, and that
meaning was understood by them. A proposi-
tion to restrict the power, as the Senator from
