368
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[April 3,
34th Cong....1st Sess.
Affairs in Kansas—Mr. Collamer.
Senate.
confers. All their power is derived from the
Constitution—but to what country ? Of course
to country within their jurisdiction, and none
other. .
If we are to adopt this doctrine, there is no
Constitution of the United States now in opera-
tion in Missouri, or Ohio, or Michigan. They
never adopted the Constitution of the United
States. Tne old States adopted it in convention.
If you call the State which 1 have the honor, in
part, to represent, a new State, it did adopt the
Constitution. We assembled, as the old States
did, in convention, and adopted the Constitution
of the United States, and so, I believe, did Ken-
tucky, which was admitted into the Union in the
feame year; but in regard to all that territory be-
yond the Mississippi and north of the Ohio, there
is not one State formed out of it which ever adopted
the United States Constitution by a convention,
and no act of a State Legislature could do it; and
I undertake to say there is not one of them over
■which it has been spread by act of Congress.
Then how is our Constitution operative there ?
I will tell you.
Mr. President, I would always much rather
cite higher authority than my own ipse dixit on
any subject, and especially when that authority
lies at my hand. In this case I think there is
conclusive authority to which I can refer. We
know that in an early period of our history the
power of annexing foreign territory to the Union
■was much agitated. We know that when Lou-
isiana was acquired, Mr. Jefferson was of the
opinion that it was beyond the power of the Gov-
ernment; and he proposed an amendment of the
Constitution for the purpose of securing that
■which was then regarded as a very great and
necessary acquisition. Mr. Jefferson was over-
ruled, however. Congress did not agree with him
in opinion; the nation did not so think. Although
I have heard some reasons, which I think ex-
ceedingly lame, given in regard to this point, I
believe we now have light enough, derived from
that source of legal intelligence, the Supreme
Court of the United States. If you will examine
the decision in Canter's case, you will find the
•whole doctrine fully stated.
Florida was acquired by treaty in the same
manner as Louisiana, ana our laws—not our
Constitution—were extended over it by act of
Congress. Goods we#e seized in Florida, under
our revenue laws, which brought the question
before the Supreme Court. On that occasion the
counsel, in the extremity of their defenses, were
driven to insist, among other things, that the
acquisition of Florida was beyond the constitu-
tional power of the Government; and they cited
Mr. Jefferson's views in Filation to the Louisiana
case to show that there was no such power in the
Government, and that therefore the IJnited States
had no such jurisdiction over Florida, and that,
hence, the act of Congress extending our laws
over that territory was inoperative and void. 1
I speak of this case from recollection, and I
may not, perhaps, do justice to all the points in
that case, Dut one is sufficient for my present pur-
pose. Chief Justice Marshall, in delivering the
opinion of the court, stated in substance, that the
power of acquiring foreign territory was an inci-
dent of sovereignty, and that the power to make
■war implies the right of conquest. When a
Government comes to make a treaty after a war,
it may do so on either of two well-known princi-
ples; that of the uti possidetis or the status yuo ante
bellum. If on the former principle, provision is
made that each nation shall hold and possess what
it then has. That is the exercise of the treaty-
making power, and hence the court said the
acquisition of foreign territory was within the
treaty-making power of Government, ex necessi-
tate rei, arising from sovereignty. When in the
cxercise of that power foreign territory is an-
nexed to the United States—which is a mere
political question—Congress acquired jurisdic-
tion over it. The moment foreign territory is
annexed tt> the United States, it is within tlie
jurisdiction of Congress, and the Constitution
extends over it. The Constitution is the creator
of that very government which has brought it
within its jurisdiction, and the law-making power
spreads over it by its being within its jurisdic-
tion; and it is the spreading of that Constitution
over the territory by its acquisition which gives
Congress the power to legislate for it.
Tins is the way in which the Constitution ex-
ists in Florida, Louisiana, Arkansas, Missouri,
Iowa, Minnesota, California, and Oregon—not
by an act of Congress, for that would be legis-
lating over a country in regard to which you
could not legislate; which would itself be a par-
adox.
I say, then, that when the report of the major-
ity of the Committee on Territories undertakes
to derive the power of Congress, in relation to the
Territories, entirely from the authority granted by
the Constitution to admit new States, and treats it
as an incident of that power for the purpose of
breeding the Territory into a State, and admitting
it into the Union, it undertakes to derive it from
quite too limited a source. , I acknowledge that
tne doctrine is a new one. It is a new view of
the Constit ution ; and, if that fact recommends it,
I am free to admit that it is well recommended;
! but it does not commcnd itself to my acceptance.
I object to it, in the first place, because it eviscer-
ates the power of Congress to do those very acts
of legislation which they have done for half a
century without question.
The majority report says, in substance, that
we cannot legislate in regard to the subject of
slavery in the Territories, because it is not
necessary to breed them as States. If the power
is derived fron that source, how are we to regard
J the long line of precedents which I have enumer-
I ated? Such a doctrine would utterly deprive
| Congress of any power to legislate for a Territory
; until it was large enough to form a State. I thirnc
i I have heard, during various Administrations of
j this Government, the suggestion made that we
ought to acquire a naval station in the Mediter-
' ranean, perhaps at Port Mahon, or some other
place, and also in the West Indies. If such astation
should be acquired, what power could Congress
, i have over it? We surely should not propose to
make it into a State; but, according to this new
reading of the Constitution, we could not legislate
for it at all for that very reason. This ground
will not answer; it is quite too narrow. There
is another branch of the Constitution which gives
Congress power to legislate over forts, light-
houses, and arsenals; butit is expressly confined
to those cases where the title to the sites is
acquired from the States; it does not relate to
foreign territory.
I deduce, from the provisions of the Constitution
and from the legislation to which I have referred,
that Congress nas sovereignty over all territory
within the jurisdiction and limits of the United
States, not included within any particular State.
I say there are no limitations to that sovereignty,
except what are found in the Constitution itself.
I know this is not a Government of unlimited
powers. It cannot prevent trial by jury; it can-
not abolish the habeas corpus; it cannot do a variety
of things which are forbidden to it. For this
reason; if we acquire a territory from a foreign
Government, which is an absolute or limited mon-
archy, we have not the same powers over it
which that Government possessed, but we are
limited by the Constitution. I say, that the legis-
lation which I have cited shows that Congress
have exercised this power
Mr. GEYER. I wish to understand the Sena-
tor's proposition. Is it that Congress have sov-
ereignty over the territory of the United States? 1
I Mr. COLLAMER. I say the jurisdiction of
j the United States and the power of Congress over
! a Territory are identical. When I say the sover-
eignty is in Congress, 1 mean the United States,
: including the whole powers of Government; ex-
! ecutive, legislative, and judicial. I mean that this
organized Government, as created by the Consti-
tution, has sovereignty over the Territories. i
Mr. GEYER. Do I understand the honorable
Senator as saying that all the sovereignty of the
United States has been delegated to some one of
the departments of the Government? j
Mr. COLLAMER. No, sir, I do not say
that it is delegated to any one department; but I
say that the Government of the United States,
like any other Government where its functions
are divided into two or three different departments,
makes a unit which may be regarded as a whole.
It is a whole government taken together, with the
combined powers which its different functionaries
possess. Taken in the aggregate, they make the
United States Government, and that is the Gov-
ernment which I say has sovereignty over the
Territory beyond the limits of any particular
State; and I say further, that this sovereignty is
to be exercised by the Congress of the United
States as the legislative department of the Gov-
ernment. I contend that, in legislating for the
Territories, the Government of the United States
never parts with this sovereignty. The territo-
rial governments are mere municipal corporations
entirely within the control of Congress. I do not
wish here to cite authorities which I have cited
in the minority report: I have there referred to
the opinion of Attorney General Butler, in the
case of Arkansas, where he stated that Congress
had power to repeal, or alter, or modify the laws
which a territorial government might make.
This was said by him in relation to a Territory
in regard to which there had been no reservation
in the organic act of power to Congress to revise
its laws. The power arises from the existence
of sovereignty over the Territories.
Why, sir, what is that which gentlemen call
the organic law of the Territories ? It is their
constitution, and so is every charter which is
granted to any corporation its constitution. Has
not the power which makes the constitution the
right to alter, change, or abolish it, if it pleases?
Congress made a constitution for this Territory,
and that same constitution-making power has the
right to limit, alter, control, or modify it. Con-
gress takes care of the Territory, and it is the
duty of Congress to look after its interests. I
view the Territory of Kansas in the same light as
all other Territories, and I say that the power of
this Government over it is as unlimited as it was
before the organic act was passed. We may
control, limit, or amend that act as we please. All
the arguments which ingenious gentlemen may
present as to the doctrine of estoppel have nothing
to do with the question of the power of Congress,
in my estimation. We are told that, because the
Legislature of the Territory has done certain
things, we are estopped from touching its pro-
ceedings. We are tola that, because the Governor
has done particular acts, we are estopped from
inquiring into them. We are told that we are
estopped from inquiring into the fraud, violence,
and usurpation committed in the Territory of Kan-
sas. Idenyit. Isaythatdoctrinehasnothingtodo
with our power. But, sir, the more gentlemen talk
about the doctrine of estoppel, and the more proof
they bring forward to show that the people of the
Territory c.annot have justice anywhere else, the
more imperative is the demand on us, and the
greater the occasion for our interference.
I desire now to call attention to the new ex-
periment which was set on foot by the Kan-
sas-Nebraska act. Let us inquire wherein the
newness of that experiment consisted. In what
was it? It was not merely in that provis-
ion of the organic law which declared the Mis-
souri compromise inoperative and void. It ap-
pears to me that, in the organic act and in the
report of the majority, there is a constant con-
founding of the power to prohibit slavery in a
Territory, and the power of the people, when
they come to form a State constitution, to pro-
vide for freedom or slavery as they please. These
are two distinct propositions. If the only pur-
pose was to allow the people, when they come
to form a State, to have freedom or slavery as
they choose, I say that was sufficiently provided
for in the first section of the act in relation to
Kansas. The first eighteen sections of the or-
ganic law relate to Nebraska, and that portion of
it which refers to Kansas commences with the
nineteenth section. In that section it was pro-
vided, "when admitted as a State or States, the
said Territory, or any portion of the same, shall
be received into the Union with or without sla-
very as their constitution may prescribe at the
time of their admission." This was an express
grant of power by itself, and nothing more waa
needed if it was intended to give the people full
liberty in forming their State constitution. If it
could be said that the Missouri compromise,
which forbade the existence of slavery in terri-
tory north of 36° 30', could be so construed as
to prevent the people from forming a constitution
