1856.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
879
New York would restrict it, was rejected upon
deliberation by the convention. That complete-
ly settles the whole question. The Convention
took a distinction between appropriating and
raising revenue. They gave the House of Rep-
resentatives, for very good reasons, the right to
originate bills raising taxes—money bills; but
they did not give them the exclusive power to
appropriate money. The power to appropriate
money was committed to both branches of Con-
gress.
. Again: we are told that this is a question affect-
ing the privileges of the House of Representa-
tives. 1 submit, sir, that it affects no privilege of
the House; it does not even affect the conveni-
ence of the House. From the very beginning of
the Government, this power, to its fullest extent,
has been exercised by the Senate of the United
States, as the Senator from Virginia very prop-
erly stated; and it has been exercised by this
body in its most objectionable form. The least
difficult of all the appropriations made by this
Government are those that should regularly and
properly be, and ordinarily are, included in the
fenex*al appropriation bills. Confined as those
ills were for the first forty years of the Govern-
ment, they were the most harmless of all appro-
priations; and even for the last ten years they
have most usually been, as first introduced, pre-
cisely the estimates of the different Departments.
There is never any trouble about them; no diffi-
culty originates in regard to them. Occasionally,
Congress have thought proper to cut down the
estimates asked for by the Departments, but when
we did that, we found a_deficiency bill brought
, iaJtke jucx,t yfiar; and I "never knew a'successful
attempt to cut down the estimates. If they do
not bring in a~deficiency bill, they will come to
Congress and say they have made contracts and
engagements by which the Governments bound,
andl then the money is sure to be paid. There are
many who will readily vote for appropriating it
under those circumstances, especially the Senator
from New York, who, I believe, never sees occa-
sion to vote against any appropriation whatever.
But, sir, it is very important to keep a real
control in the hands of both Houses over the
public purse. Every gentleman who has been in
the public councils of the Government knows that
now, practically, the committees of the Senate
do, to a certain extent, originate the appropriation
bills. Every one of your committees brings in
bills to appropriate money for different branches
of the public service. The Committee on Naval
Affairs brings in thiity or forty propositions every
year; the Committee on Indian Affairs brings in
its propositions; so does the Finance Commit-
tee. Each proposes its specific appropriations,
frequently in separate bills. They are generally
passed through this body without much difficulty,
and sent to the other House, but arc clogged there
under the rules; and when that is the case, they
are tacked on to the general appropriation bills
when they come here by motions from the chair-
men of the respective committees. That is our
experience; that is the general practice of the
Senate, and it Jh&s,been^Q^for^the last ten vears.
It rarely ever happens that we have any difficulty
in regard to the ordinary appropriations, which
are properly included within the general appro-
priation bills for carrying on the various arms
of the public service. The difficulty arises as
to the propositions brought into the Senate as
amendments on the last days of the session, when
we have no opportunity to investigate them, and
when they have never been considered by this
body at all. I wish to understand those amend-
ments, arid I wish to have them before me at such
a time that I can operate on them efficiently, and
act on them undcrstandingly.
I \ffll take the case of my own committee, so
that I may not be considered invidious. It is
the uniform practice of the Committee on Indian
Affairs, of which I am a member, to bring in
propositions which they think necessary for the
public service, to appropriate $50,000 for this
object, $100,000 for that, and so on. As things
now are, when the Indian appropriation comes to
us from the House of Representatives, possibly
on the last night of the session, the chairman of
that committee rises and offers ten, or fifteen, or
twenty amendments involving large appropria-
tions, and they are brought in one by one. The
time is so late that their propijiety cannot be
inquired into, and cannot be understood by any
person who is not a member of that committee.
You cannot judge of them; you cannot pretend to
do so. There is no time for examining them.
Within the last three years, I have seen in this
Chamber a naval appropriation bill, appropriating
$8,000,000, passed without even being read. It
was passed on the morning of the 4th of March,
and the reason for not reading it, as given by
Senators on this floor was, that if we attempted
to read the bill it would be lost. We were told
that we had but so many minutes remaining; that
it would take so many hours to read the bill; and
that if you read it, it could not be passed. In this
manner, a bill appropriating $8,000,000 was
passed through this body without being read
except by its title. I witnessed that myself, and
many Senators know the fact.
According to the present practice, I say that
neither branch of Congress has any real control
over the public expenditures. Propositions to
amend the appropriation bills come before us from
various committees, without our being able to
understand them or to investigate them. In that
way some of the wildest and most indefensible
appropriations are made, which are regretted after-
wards by gentlemen who voted for them, and
who supposed at the time that it would hardly be
possible to carry on the public service without
them. The effect of the course which has been
pursued, for many years past, is to throw all
power over the public money into the hands of
the President of this body and the Speaker of the
House of Representatives.
During the period of my service in the other
House, f have known cases where appropriations
were made in the general bills which had been
defeated time and again on their separate merits
by majorities of two thirds; and when they came
in from this body on the last night of the session
as amendments to the appropriation bills, were
rejected again. When the two Houses thus dis-
agree, the Speaker of the House of Representa-
tives and the President of the Senate appoint a
committee of conference, and they agree upon a
report, and then say to members, (< you must take
the whole report as it is, or the wheels of Gov-
ernment must stop." I have endeavored in the
other House even to defeat the appropriation bills
themselves, rather than submit to this course;
but when we reach that point, we are told there
is no time; that the report of the committee of
conference must be taken as a totality, or not at
all; that you must take it, whether you approve
it or not, or you must reject it as a whole, and
thereby stop the wheels of Government; and the
Army must go to ruin, the Navy must go to
ruin, without appropriations; and you must go
without your own pay, or take these appropri-
ations against the consent of the Senate and
against the consent of the House, because tlicy
have received the sanction of two men out of
three appointed by the President of the Senate,
and two of the three appointed by the Speaker
of the House, as a committee of conference. The
effect of this system is, that the most atrocious
appropriations are made, and they are entirely
beyond the reach of the legitimate constitutional
power of the representatives of the people in the
other branch, and out of the power of this body;
and they arc placed where they ought not to be
placed, m the power of four members of both
Mouses; so that if they have corrupt purposes,
or if they have mistaken views of public policy,
those views and those purposes can be carried out
in defiance of the whole Senate and the whole
House, by those whom the presiding officers of
the two Houses may put on the committees of
conference.
These are facts I am relating: every member
who has been for the last five years m either
House knows them to be true. Then, I think
that if the appropriation bills shall be brought into
the two Houses by the two committees, they can
be brought in much earlier, and this is a matter
of the greatest consequence at the short sessions.
Congress must terminate on the 4th of March at
the short session. The reports from the Depart- j
ments, with then-estimates, come before us on ;
the 1st of December, and it requires at least a j
month to print them. The committees, therefore, |
cannot get to work upon the estimates until Jan- |
uary. Until that time, they have no data upon I
which to make their reports. Then the Com- ;
mittee of Ways and Means, who originate all these
bills in the other House, take them up one-by
one, with deliberation, read through the reports*
often bring officers of the various Departments
before them, and it is hardly possible for them-to
get the appropriation bills before the House until
the middle of February. The information upon
which they have acted cannot come before' the
Senate, and cannot even come before our com*
mittee. It is the practice of the House of Rep-
resentatives to send to us, with the appropriation
bills, generally, the printed papers, but not the
written data on which they act; and they never
do send us the personal examinations of the va-
rious officers of the Departments—a process that
sometimes takes months. So that the Senate's
committee cannot have an opportunity of acting
on these questions at all. They have no time to.
do it, and they must take the appropriation bills
as the House sends them. If, as is now pro-
posed, we could divide the business, and let this
body originate some of the general appropriation
bills, andf the House originate some, and bring
them before Congress within a reasonable time,
they could be debated fully, good amendments
could be accepted, and bad ones defeated; and
thus the legitimate power of both the Senate and
House of Representatives be brought to bear upon
the expenditure of the public money. Unless
this be done, the evil which has been growing
from bad to worse will continue to grow worse and
worse. I hope a corrective will be applied.
Mr. SUMNER. Whatever the Senator from
New York [Mr. Seward] touches, he handles
with a completeness which is apt to render any-
thing superfluous from one who follows on the
same side; but the opposition which his views
have encountered from the Senator from Virginia,
[Mr. Hunter,] and also from the Senator from
Georgia, [Mr. Toombs,] and also the intrinsic
importance of the question, may justify an effort
to state anew the argument.
We are carried first to the words of the Con-
stitution, which are as follow:
u All bills for i.vising revenue shall originate in the House
of Representatives; but the Senate may propose or concur
with amendments, as in other bills."
Under this provision the annual appropriation
bills for th§ Army, Navy, Post Office, and civil
and diplomatic service , from the beginning of the
Government, have originated in the House of
Representatives, and this has always been done,
I believe, without question. It is now proposed
to reverse this standing policy, and to originate
these bills in the Senate; and this proposition has
the sanction of the Committee on Finance of this
body.
The proposition is a clear departure from usage,
and on this account must be regarded with sus-
picion. A slight examination will demonstrate
that it tends to a subversion of well-established
landmarks.
By looking at the debates in the Convention
which framed the Federal Constitution, it will be
found that this clause was not hastily or carelessly
adopted; that it was the subject of much discussion,
and that it was viewed as essentially important in
establishing the system of checks and balances
peculiar to our Republic. It was, indeed, a part
of the compromise between the small States and
the large States.
After much consideration, the equality of the
States was recognized in the constitution of the
Senate, and small States, like Delaware and Rhode
Island, were allowed, m this body, equal power
with large States, like Virginia and Massachu-
setts. But this great concession to the small
States was coupled at the time with a condition
that " money bills "should originate in the House
of Representatives, where the people were repre-
sented according to numbers. The language finally
employed was " all bills for raising revenue shall
originate in the House of Representatives." And
this was adopted as a compensation to the large
and populous States for their comparative weak-
ness in the Senate.
That I do not go too far when I call it a part
of the compromise between the great States and
small States, let me show, from the authentic
report by Mr. Madison,of the debates in the Fed-
eral Convention, how it was regarded there. It
owes its authoritative introduction to Dr. Frank-
lin, who moved it in the committee which subse-
quently reported it. (Elliot's Debates, vol. V.,
