m
THE CONGRESSIONAL'- GLOBE.
February 7,
^74.) Afterwards, in contention, when the
c]ause relating to equality cf votes was under con-
sideration) we have this report of what he said:
iC Dr. Fraitklm observed, that this question could not be
property put by itself the eoinmittee having reported several
propoiitioas as vwtual conditions of each other. lie could-
not vote for it if sGparatsly takpo j but should vote for the
whole together."—Ibia., p. 282.
Colonel Mason, of Virginia, was of the same
opinion^ and desired " that the whole, might be
Ip/Qughtinto one view."
Mr. (-Terry,, Qf Massachusetts, followed up the
idea of the mutual dependence of the two prop-
ositions, remarking—
"'He would not say that the concession was a sufficient
one on the part of the small States; but he could not but
regard it in the light of a concession. It would make it a
constitutional principle, that flic second branch were not
possessed of the confidence of the people in money matters,
[flense,, sir, to mark the breadth of this expression,] which
Would lessen their weight and influence."—Ibid., 283.
• Mr. Pinckney, of South Carolina, followed,
saying—
" He thought it evident that the concession was wholly
on one side, that of the large States; the pnvilege of origin-
ating money bills being of no account."—Ibid.
At a later stage of the debates, the subject was
resumed, and- ih,e two 'propositions still appear
together:
" Mr. RoTiEPGE, of South Carolina, proposed to recon-
sider the two propositions, touching the originating of money
bills in the first, and the equality of votes in the secontl
Branch."
" Mr. Sherman, of Connecticut, was for the question on
tlje whole at once. Jt was, lie said, a conciliatory plan.
It had been considered in all its paits."
"-Mr. Luther Martin, of Maiyiand, urged the question
on. the whole. He did not like many parts of the plan."
* * * " He was willing, however, to make trial of the
Blap rather than do nothing."—IMA, 310.
" Mr. Gerry, of Massachusetts, did not approve of a
reconsideration of the clause relating to money bills. It was
of great consequence. It was the eorncr-stone of the ac-
commodation."—Ibid., 311.
At a still later stage Mr. Pinclcney moved to
strike out the section on money bills, "as giving
no peculiar advantage to the House of Repre-
sentatives, and as clogging the Government."
Mr. Gorham was " against allowing the Senate
to originate, but was willing to allow it only to
amend." Mr. Govcrncur Morris urged thatitwas
'< particularly proper that the Senate should have
the right of originating money bills. , They will
sit constantly, will consist of a smaller number,
and will be able to prepare such bills with due
correctness, and so to prevent delay of business
ill the other House." To all this, Colonel Mason
replied, m the strong language which seems to
have been natural to him, that " he was unwilling
to travel over the ground again. To strike out
the section was to unliinge the compromise of which
it made a part." (Ibid., 394.) I might adduce other
authorities; hut here surely is enough to show
that the provision in question was in reality one
of theimportantcompromises of the Constitution.
f And this brings me, sir, to the precise meaning
| of the provision. The seeming liidefiniteness of
■ the term, " bills for raising revenue," may, per-
haps, furnish apology for the present effort. It
may be argued that', while the Senate is placed
under certain restrictions, it may, nevertheless,
originate " appropriation bills." This, of course,
is a question of interpretation. Docs thisinterdict
upon the Senate extend to the bills by which money
is appropriated to the support of Government, as
well as to those bills by which it is directly ob-
tained ? Are appropriation bills included under the
term, " bills for raising revenue?" Now, I cannot
join with the opinions so confidently expressed
by the Senator from Virginia, [Mr. Hunter,] and
the Senator from Georgia, [Mr. Toombs,] that it
was clearly the intention of the Constitution to
concede to the Senate the power of originating all
appropriation bills; nor, on the otherliand, do I
assert that such exercise of power is in the strict
sense unconstitutional. I approach the question
as an inquirer, anxious to find the real purpose of
tlje fathers.
There are several considerations which seem
to shed light on the path to our conclusion.
Fjmt' The compromise between the small States
mid large States can be made completelyeffective,
according to the obvious intent of the authors of
the Constitution, only by interdicting the Senate
from originating the great appropriation bills. If
this interdict is restrained simply to tariff bills,
which occur only at rare intervals, it becomes a
v.er.y inadequate compensation for the surrender
made by the large States to the small States in
the constitution of the Senate. According to the
reason of the rule, the great appropriation bills
must be equally within its intendment. The
reason is as strong in one case as in the other.
In the debates of the Convention, Dr. Franklin
said that, "as it had been asked what would be
the use of restraining the second branch from med-
dling with money bills, he could not but remark,
that it was always of importance that the people
should know who had disposed of their money,
and hoxo it had been disposed of. [Please, sir, to
mark these words.] It was a maxim, that those
who feel can best judge-. This end would be best
attained if money affairs were to be confined to
the immediate representatives of the people."
(Elliot's Dobates, vol. V. p. 284.) Mr. Gerry, in
urging the restraint upon the Senate, said, " the
other branch was more immediately the repre-
sentatives of the people, and it was a maxim that
the people ought to hold the purse-strings." (Ibid.,
188.) How, sir, can they hold the purse-strings
unless they hold the bills by which the purse is
appropriated ? And Colonel Mason broke forth
in language which clearly reveals his sense of the
danger against which we should guard. " If the
Senate," said he, "can originate, they will, in
the rcccss of the legislative sessions, hatch their
mischievous projects for their own purposes, and
have their money bills cut and dried (to use a com-
mon phrase) for the meeting of the House of
Representatives." (Ibid., 415.) I repeat, then, j
according to the reason of the rule, the great ap- '
propriation bills must be embraced by the prohi-
bition.
Secondly. There is a second consideration,
fiStmdSct on the familiar use of the term money
bills throughout the debates in the Convention,
as applicable to the bills which the Senate cannot
originate. I need not occupy time by reference
to instances; but whoever takes the trouble to in-
vestigate the matter in Mr. Madison's reports of
the debates, and also in the report of the Virginia
Convention, will find that this term is univer-
sally employed, unless, indeed, where Mr. Gov-
crncur Morris uses the broader term "money
plans," (Ibid., p. 282,) and Mr. Gerry "money
matters" (Ibid., p. 283.) .Now, all of these phrases
are clearly applicable to "appropriation bills,"
by which the Government is carried on; and the
inference seems irresistible that the parties who
used them must have had such bills in mind.
In the Virginia convention objection was made
by Mr. Grayson " to the power of the Senate to
propose or concur with amendments to money
bills." He pronounced this "a departure from
that great principle which required that the imme-
diate representatives of the people only should inter-
fere with money bills. The Lords in England had
never been allowed to meddle with money bills.
He knew not why the Senate should."—(Elliot's
Debates, vol. I. p. 375.)
Thirdly. And this brings me to a third consid-
eration, "founded on the example of England,
which was obviously in the minds of the framers
of the Constitution. The Senator from Virginia
[Mr. Hunter] is clearly mistaken on this point.
It was often adduced in debate in the Federal Con-
vention, and, as we have justseen, in the Virginia
Convention also. In England the rule is explicit
and of ancient dale. As early as the 3d of July,
1678, the Commons resolved:
"Thar all aids and supplies, and aids to his Majesty in
Parliament, arc the sole gift of the Commons; and all bills
for the granting of any such aids and supplies ought to begin
with the Commons; and that it is the undoubted and sole
ri^ht of the Commons to dbcct, limit, and appoint, in such
bills, the ends, purposes, considerations, limitations, and
qualifications o f such grants ; which ought not to he changed
oi altered by the House of Loids."—May's Law of Parlia-
ment, p. 407.
In pursuance of this rule, the estimates for the
annual expenditure are submitted by the Ministry
to the House of Commons, sitting as a committee
of supply. This process is explained as follows:
"The member of the Administration representing the
department for which the supplies are required, first ex-
plains to the committee such matters as may satisfy theio
of the correctness and propriety of the estimates, and then
proceeds to piopose each grant in succession, which is put
from the Chair in these words : - Thaui sum not exceeding
 be granted to her Majesty for tne object specified in
the estimate.' * * The committee of supply votes
every sum which is granted annually for the public service
—the Army, the Navy, tile ordnance, and the several civil
departments."—Ibid., pp. 415 and 418.
And at the close of the session all the grants
are embodied in a bill, which is known as the
" appropriation bill;" and which, as it is kindred
in character to that under our system, doubtless
has given its name to ours. This bill is thus
described:,
" It enumerates every grant that has been made during
the whole session, and authorizes the several sums, as voted
by the committee of supply, to be issued and applied to
each service."—Ibid., p. 425.
Thus, on three accounts: first, by the reason
of the thing; secondly, by the familiar use of the
descriptive term "money bills" in all the debates,
and thirdly, by the example of England—the
conclusion seems irresistible, that "appropria-
tion bills," by which the Government is carried on,
are within the spirit of the interdict upon the
Senate, and that this body cannot originate such
bills without a violation of a well-established
principle, inherited from English jurisprudence",
and also without unhinging, according to the
language of Colonel Mason, in the Federal Con-
vention, that compromise, by virtue of which the
small States are admitted to an equality of repr
resentation on this floor.
I am not unmindful of the fact, on which the
Senator from Virginia has dwelt so emphatically,
that the Senate has been in the habit of originat-
ing pension bills, bills for the payment of private
claims, and kindred measures. I was glad, to-
day, in voting for the bill originated in this body
for the relief of our late distinguished Minister at
Constantinople. But against this usage, which is
exceptional in character, and which has probably
attracted little attention from its considerable con-
venience and its little importance, may be opposed'
the uniform usage, that the great bills providing
for the necessities of the Government have al-
ways originated in the House of Representatives.
And you will bear in mind, sir, that the question
is now on these bills.
Mr. President, it is a received maxim, that it
is the part of a good judge to amplify his juris-
diction; but it will hardly be accepted, that it is
the part of the American Senate to amplify its
powers, particularly in derogation of the popular
branch. And it sjjrely cannot escape observation
th_at the present effort is launched at a moment
when the popular branch promises to differ from
the Senate on important questions of national
policy. I am not insensible to the public conve-
nience winch has been pressed in this debate; but
permit me to say, that should this convenience re-
quire the proposed departure from our standing
policy, you will be wise, sir, if you hearken to the
counsels of the Senator from New York, and re-
frain from any innovation unless assured of the
consent and cooperation of the other House.
Mr. TOUCEY. Mr. President, the Senator
from New York, who has addressed the Senate,
admitted unequivocally that the Senate has the
power to originate appropriation bills; but the
Senator from Massachusetts, if I rightly under-
stood him, denied the power of the Senate to ori-
ginate such bills.
Mr. SUMNER. "Will the Senator allow me to
say that my statement was, that I regarded it as a
departure from the spirit of the Constitution?
Mr. TOUCEY. I would beg leave to ask
whether he denies the power of the Senate to
originate appropriation bills?
Mr. SUMNER. I have already said that the
language in the Constitution seemed to me in-
definite. It is not, on the face of it, clear. Iam
driven, therefore, to cotemporaneous evidence in
order to seek its precise meaning; and, referring
to that, my conclusion is, that, according to the
spirit of the Constitution, it does not belong to
this body to originate appropriation bills.
Air. TOUCEY. Do I understand the Senator
from Massachusetts to say that it would be uncon-
stitutional, in his judgment, for the Senate t*ori-
ginate an appropriation bill, or does he dcclinc to
express an opinion on that point?
Mr. SUMNER. I do not decline to express
an opinion on any question, Mr. President; but I
believe that I have already answered the question
which has been put to me, when I said that it
does not seem to me, according to the spirit of
the Constitution, that the Senate should originate
appropriation bills. I did not go into the ques-
tion of, if I may say so, the ultimum dominium—
the extreme right under the Constitution; I did
not undertake on that to express any opinion.
Mr. TOUCEY. I understand then, Mr. Presi-
