1106
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 5,
Mr. WASHBURNE. I appeal to the gentle-
man from Tennessee. I will say to him, if he will
allow me 
Mr- JONES. Let the gentleman appeal to his
friends on that side of the House to take up the
election hill then, and I will not object to this.
Mr. WASHBURNE. 1 have nothing to do
with the election bill. I am with the gentleman
upon that bill when it comes up; but why not
allow this billjust to be taken up and referred?
The SPEAKER. No debate is in order. Ob-
jection is made.
ST. CLAIR FLATS—AGAIN.
The question now being upon Mr. Haven's
motion to suspend the rules for the purpose of
discharging the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union from the further consideration
of the bill for the improvement of the St, Clair
flats,
Mr. H. MARSHALL demanded the yeas and
nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided
in the affirmative—yeas 96, nays 46; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Albright, Allison, Ball, Barbour, Henry
Bennett, Benson, Bilhnghurst, Bingham, Bishop, Bh&s,
Bradshaw, Breiuon, Buffinton, Burluigaine, Lewis 1).
Campbell, Ezra Clark, Clawson, Colfax, Covode, Cragin,
Cumbaek, Henry Winter Davis, Timothy Davis, Dirkson,
Durfee, Edio, Evans, Flagler, Gilbert, Greenwood, Grow,
Harlan, J. Morrison I-Iarus, Harrison, Haven, Herbert,
Hoffman, Ilolloway, Thomas? R. IJorton, Knapp, Knowlton,
Knox, Leiter, Lindley, Mace, Alexander K. Marshall,
Humphrey Marshall, Matteson, McCarty, Meaehain,Kiihan
Miller, Morgan, Morrill, Nichols l\uue, INukej, Peck,
Pelton, Pennington, Perry, PeUH, Pnngle, Puryeai, Reside,
JRicaud, Richardson, ititcine, Rivers, Robbins, Robison,
Sabm, Sapp, Scott, Seward, Sueed, Spinner, Stanton,
Stranahan, Tappan, Thonngton, Thinston, Todd, Tiatton,
Valk, Wakcman, Walbndge, Waldron, Ellihu B. Wash-
burne, Israel Washburn, Wells, Wheeler, Whitney, Wil-
liam*, Woodruff', Woodworth, and Zolheoffer—90.
NAYS—Messrs. Aiken, Allen, Barksdale,Boeoek, Boyce,
Branch, Burnett, John P. Campbell, Carhle, CUngman,
Cox, Davidson, Dean, Dowdell, Edmundson, Elliott, Eng-
lish, Poster,Thomas J. D. Fuller, (biddings, Jewott, George
W. Jones, King, Letcher, Lumpkin, Maxwell, McMulhn,
McQueen, Smith Miller, Millson, Andrew Oliver, Phelps,
Powell, Itutfin, Bandulge, Savage, William R. Smiili,
Stephens, Stewart, Swope, Talbott, Tavior, Tiippe, Wur-
ner, Watkins, and Damcl B. Wright—46.
So (two thirds having voted in the affirmative)
the rules were suspended; and the bill came up
for consideration.
Pending the call of the roll,
Mr. BARKSDALE sent the following agree-
ment to the Clerk's desk; which was read:
Mr. Bennett, of Mississippi, and Mr. Wash-
burne, of Illinois, agree to pair off for three weeks
from Thursday, the 8th of" May, to and in-
cluding Thursday, May 29. And should either
party be absent any longer, the party here shall
not vote on any question touching slavery in
Kansas, or on the contested-election cases, but
may vote on all other questions until Wednesday,
June 4, when the pair shall expire absolutely.
Mr. DAVIS, of Massachusetts, stated that his
colleague, Mr. Comins, had paired oft* for a few
days with Mr. Goodb, of Virginia.
Mr. HOftTON, of Ohio, stated that he had
paired off with Mr. Cadwaladisr upon this ques-
tion.
Mr. BARKSDALE stated that his colleague,
Mr. Quitman, had paired off with Mr. Dodd, of
New York, until the loth of May.
Mr. KELSEY stated that he had paired off
With Mr. Carijthers until the 2Uth of this
month, and conditionally until the 25th, except
upon two or three questions upon which they
might a^ree. If he (Mr. K.) should vote, there-
fore, within that time, it would be upon such
questions as they agreed upon.
Mr. WATKINS. 1 wish to ask the unani-
mous consent of the House to make a personal
explanation.
i/lr. HAVEN. I object until this bill shall
have been disposed of. I will not then interpose
any objection.
The bill was read through. It appropriates
$45,000 for deepening the channel of the St
Mary's river, at St. Clair flats, in the State of
Michigan.
Mr. HAVEN". I desire to say but a word to the
House in reference to this bill, by way of placing
the matter fairly before the House, and they can
dispose of it then as they shall think proper.
This is a bill appropriating a small amount—
which personally I deem insufficient—for deep-
ening the channel of the river indicated in the
bill at a point over which passes a commerce
almost equal to the entire foreign commerce of
the whole country. A commerce amounting, I
feel safe in saying, to over three hundred and
fifty millions of dollars, annually passes through
this river. Vessels, freighted with valuable car-
goes, are often detained there for a day, and some-
times for a week and even more, in consequence
of shallow water, or rather for want of deep
water. A similar bill passed both Houses of
Congress last year; but owing to some misappre-
hensions, or scruples, upon the part of the Presi-
dent, or owing, possibly, to the overwhelming
amount of business in the last days of the session,
he failed to give it his signature. I hope the
House will pass the bill. They understand the
nature of it; and without advocating the bill, or
detaining the House further by any statement of
fact, I demand the previous question.
Mr. McMULLIN. I rise for the purpose of
appealing to the gentleman from New York to
withdraw the call for the previous question. He
has gotten his bill out of the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union, where it could
have been discussed, and against what I conceive
to be one of the plainest rules of order. I submit
to him, therefore, that now to call the previous
question is not in accordance with lus usual liber-
ality.
Mr. HAVEN. This is a matter which I sup-
posed was well understood by the House; but
from the kindness of the House in suspending the
rules, believing there are a majority in favor of
passing the bill, if the gentleman from Virginia,
[Mr. McMullin,] or any other gentleman, wishes
to discuss its merits, I will withdraw the call for
the previous question. I know I can sustain the
bill upon its merits on any line of discussion gen-
tlemen may sec fit to adopt.
Mr. ALBRIGHT. I renew the call for the
previous question.
Mr. McMULLIN. I thought that the gentle-
man from New York withdrew the call for the
previous question that I might be heard; I am
entitled to the lloor.
The SPEAKER. The Chair recognized the
gentleman from Ohio.
Mr. McMULLIN. I was just in the act of
rising. I hope tha gontleninn from Ohio will
withdraw the call for the previous question.
Mr. ALBRIGHT. I cannot.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. Does the Chair
hold that the suspension of the rules, in order that
the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union be discharged from the further consider-
ation ot the bill, applies also to the consideration,
the third reading, and the passage of the bill at
this timer
The SPEAKER. The Chair stated at the time
that the suspension of the rules was to discharge
the Committee of the Whole, and also to enable
the House to consider and put the bill oil its pas-
sage .
Mr. McMULLIN. I am sorry that the gen-
tleman from Ohio is so wanting in liberality as
to dccline to withdraw the call for the previous
question.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered to he put.
The bill was ordered to a third reading, and
Was accordingly read the third time.
Mr. McMULLIN. I demand the yeas and
nays on the passage of the bill.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the affirmative—yeas 108, nays 40; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Albright, Allen, Allison, Ball, Barbour,
Henry Bennett, Benson, Bilhnghurst, Bingham, Bishop,
Bliss, Iheiitou, Buffinton, Burhngame,LewisD. Campbell,
Ezra Claik,OIau'son, Colfax, Covode, Cragm, Cullen, Cum-
baek, Homy Winter Davts, Dean, Denver, Duifce, Edie,
Evans, Flagler, Henry M. Fuller, Galloway, Giddings, Gil-
bert, Granger, Grow, Harlan, J.Moirison Ilairis, Harrison,
Haven, Herbert, Hoffman, Holloway, Thomas R. Horton,
Hugh-ton, Konnett,King, Knapp, Knowlton, Knox, Leiter,
Lindley, >laee,.Alexander K. MaiahaH, Humphrey Marshall,
Matteson, McCarty, Meacham, Kilhan 3Iiller, Moigan,
Mornli, Nichols, Fame. Paiker, reck, Pelton, Pennmgtun,
Perry, Pettit, Pike, Prmgle, Purvianee, Puryear, Reade,
Ready, Ricaud, Richardson, Ritchie, Rivers, Robbing,
Roberts, Iiobison, Sabm, Sapp, Scott, Seward, Simmons,
Sneed, Spinner, Stanton, Stranahan, Tappan, Thorington,
Thurston, Todd, Tiafton, Valk, Wakeinan, Walbndge,
Waldron,Eihhu B. Washburne, Israel Washburn, Welch,
Weils, Wheeler,Whitney, Williams, Woodruff, and Wood-
worth—108.
NAYS—Messrs. Aiken, Barksdale, Bocock, Boyee,
Branch, Burnett, John P. Campbell, Carlile, Williamson
R. W. Cobb, Dowdell, Edmundson, Elliott, English, Foster,
Augustus Hall, Sampson W. Harris, Jewitt, George W.
Jones, Letcher, Lumpkin, Maxwell, MeMullin, McQueen,
Smith Miller, Millson, Andrew Oliver, Phelps, Powell,
RufFm, Savage, William R. Smith, Stephens, Stewart,
Swope, Talbott, Tnppe, Warner, Watkrns, Daniel B.
Wright, and John V. Wright—40.
So the bill was passed.
Pending the above call,
Mr. NICHOLS said: Mr. Speaker, I merely
rise to state that my colleague, [Mr. Mott,] who
has considerable interest in this bill, is at present
unavoidably absent from the city.
Mr. HAVEN moved to reconsider the vote by
which the bill was passed; and also moved that
the motion to reconsider be laid upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
ENROLLED BILLS.
Mr. DAVIDSON, from the Committee on En-
rolled Bills, reported as truly enrolled the follow-
ing bills and joint resolution; when the Speaker
signed the same:
An act creating Columbus, in Kentucky, a port
of delivery;
An act to surrender to the State of Illinois the
Cumberland road in said State; and
A joint resolution relating to the appropriation
for the improvement of the harbor at Sheboygan,
Wisconsin.
THE PASSENGER BILL.
The SPEAKER. The business regularly in
order is the consideration of House bill fuuher
to amend an act to provide for the better security
of the lives of passengers on board of vessels pro-
pelled in whole or in part bysteam,and for other
purposes. Its consideration was postponed until
this day. The question is on its engrossment.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. As there
will be many motions to suspend the rules, I
move that the further consideration of the bill be
postponed until to-morrow.
The motion was agreed to.
CUSTOM-HOUSES, ETC.
Mr. WASHBURNE. 1 now move that Sen-
ate resolution (No. 17) for enlarging the custom-
house, post office, and court-house, at Milwaukee,
Wisconsin, and at Detroit, Michigan, and for the
construction of a building for the same purposes
at Dubuque, Iowa, be taken from the Speaker's
table, and referred to the Committee on Com-
merce.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I object.
Mr. WASHBURNE. I move to suspend tho
rules for the purpose I have indicated.
Mr. .TONES. Is it in order to move to take
up in order all the Senate bills on the Speaker's
table ?
Mr. WASHBURNE, I have no objection to
that.
Mr. JONES. Then I make that motion.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio. T object.
Mr. WASHBURNE. I adhere to my original
motion. I merely wish tho bill taken from the
Speaker's table, and referred to the Committee on
Commerce.
Mr. JONES. I object.
Mr. WASHBURNE. I am anxious to have
the bill referred to the Committee on Commerce
at this time, as I am about to leave the city.
Mr. JONES. Debate is not in order.
Mr. SEAWARD. Mr. Speaker, I call up for
action a pending motion to reconsider the vote by
which a bill to alter and amend " An act to ap-
propriate money to remove obstructions in the
Savannah river, below the city of Savannah, in the
State of Georgia," approved March 3, 1855,
was referred to the Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union.
Tho SPEAKER. It is not in order to con-
sider the gentleman's motion while there is pend-
ing a motion to suspend the rules for a specific
purpose.
Mr. WATKINS. I ask the unanimous con-
sent of the House to make a personal explana-
tion.
Mr. WASHBURNE. I hope the gentleman
will wait a moment; my motion will be soon dis-
posed of, and then 1 will make no objection to
his explanation.
Mr. WATKINS. I have yielded twice al-
ready on the same appeal; I yield again.
Mr. JONES. I demand the yeas and nays on
the motion to suspend the rules.
