1856.
THE' CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE;
JrSSFjF
claimant lias been pressing all the time here for a
hearing, not importunately, buthe has been anx-
ious to have action. We are now in the last days
of the session, and I hope there will be no post-
ponement.
The motion was not agreed to.
Mr. PUGH. I desire to answer one remark
of the Senator from Mississippi, and 1 would as
lief do it in this connection. There has been no
request to postpone this case by those who oppose
the claim, except by myself, when I put it on
personal grounds, and asked for a twenty-four
hours' postponement, and the Senate refused to
grant it; so much for that. I have asked that
there may be a full Senate to decide the question.
The Senator from Michigan, and the Senator
from Texas, I know, from what they have said
to me, feel a great interest in this question; and I
think it desirable and just that they should be in
their places when it is disposed of. Still, if the
Senate do not wish to postpone the matter, so
far as I am concerned I am prepared to pro-
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
has been taken on the postponement, and it has
been rejected.
Mr. PUGH addressed the Senate, and had not
concluded when the hour of one o'clock arrived.
Mr. MALLORY. I submit that, at one o'clock,
private bills must be taken up as the special order
of the day.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Iverson
in the Chair.) This claim was understood to be
taken up as private business, although it was
taken up out of its order.
Mr. PUGH. Do I understand the Chair to
decide that the consideration of the report of the
Committee on Indian Affairs is to be proceeded
with p
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Yes, sir.
< Mr. BIGGS. I desire to suggest, for the con-
sideration of the Chair, that this is not a private
bill. 1 do not understand, from the form which
it assumes before the Senate, that it is any bill at
all. 1 understand it to be a report from the Com-
mittee on Indian Affairs, asking in the first placc
to be discharged from the further consideration of
a certain subject. To that has been appended a
proposition of the Senator from Georgia, express-
ing the opinion of the Senate, that Mr. Thomp-
son ought to be paid this amount. It seems to
me that it is no bill at all, and it ought not to
• interfere with the regular order of business.
Mr. BROWN. No one pretends that this is a
bill, but it is a private claim, and stands on the
same footing with other private chums. Whether
it comes to us in the form of a bill, or a resolu-
tion, or a report of a committee, does not change
the character of the thing at all. It is a private
claim, and this is the day on which the Senate
considers, not merely private bills, but private
claims.
Mr. BRIGHT. It is well known to gentlemen
here, that although I have been anxious every
morning to get up this subject, I have postponed
calling it up for the last three days, because I did
not desire to embarrass the Senate, and I con-
sented to wait until we reached private bill day.
I think the general sense of the Senate is now in
favor of disposing of it.
Mr. BIGGS. I have no objection to proceed-
ing with the consideration of this subject if the
Senate is so disposed; but I was looking at the
matter in a practical point of view, so far as legis-
lation is concerncd. It has suggested itself to my
mind that this controversy, m the shape which
it has assumed before the Senate, can lead to
nothing practical, no matter what may be the de-
cision of the Senate.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
decides this to be a private claim, and there-
fore within the order of the Senate, subject to be
considered on this day. The Senator from Ohio
will proceed.
Mr. PUGH continued.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. TheChairbegs
the Senator from Ohio to suspend his remarks for
a moment. The Chair decided a few minutes
since, on the suggestion madeby the Senator from
North Carolina, that this was a private claim,
and therefore in order to-day. Since then the
Cnair hr^s been pointed to this order of the Sen-
ate adopted on the 27th of March, on the motion
of the Senator from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Brod-
head:]
Resolved, That for the residue of the present session, pri-
vate bills on the Calendar Miall be the special order of the
day on Friday of each week, at one o'clock, in the order m
which they stand on the Calendar.
The special order, therefore, must be private
bills in the priority m which they stand on the
Calendar.
This is not a bill.
Mr. BRIGHT. With a view of relieving the
Chair of any embarrassment, I move to dispense
with the prior orders, for the purpose of proceed-
ing v/ith the consideration of this claim.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. PUGH resumed and concluded his speech;
which will be published in the Appendix.
Mr. BROWN. 1 have twice, since the discus-
sion of this question commenced, risen to ad-
dress the Senate at length in reference to it.
Twice have I been persuaded by the friends of
this measure to give up that purpose. I shall not
now undertake to follow the Senator from Ohio
through the long speech which he has made. He
has succeeded in consuming three hours and a
half of the precious time of this body in the last
days of its sitting, to the postponement of other
matters of vastly more importance.
Mr. PUGH. Will the Senator dome the jus-
ticp to say that I tried to prevent the consump-
tion of time in this discussion?
Mr. BROWN. The Senator tried to prevent
discussion by smothering the case; but when we
proposed to take the vote without debate, the
Senator refused to permit this body to do it.
Mr. BRIGHT. Will my friend from Mis-
sissippi allow me to interrupt him?
Mr. BROWN. Certainly.
Mr. BRIGHT. I am very sorry to interfere
with my friend from Mississippi, and I am as
anxious as he can be to reply to some of the
remarks made by the Senator from Ohio, but i
am satisfied that the Senate understand this case
thoroughly. They are wearied already with
speeches. If the Senator fiom Mississippi in-
sists on speaking, the indications arc that we
shall get no vote to-day.
Mr. BROWN? I do not intend to make a
speech. I have already said so. I will yield
the floor in a '.few minutes, but I will not yield
it without calling attention to the fact, that the
Senator from Ohio, while affecting to stand here
in defense of the Commissioner, has not scrupled
to attack the motives of the Committee on Indian
Affairs.
Mr. PUGH. [ beg the Senator to accept my
disclaimer. I had no such desire, and I expressly
disclaimed any such purpose.
Mr. BROWN. Then I cannot understand
what the Senator meant; but of course I accept
his disclaimer.
Mr. PUGH. If any language used by me
conveyed the impression which the Senator has
received, I take it back, for that was not my pur-
pose.
Mr. BROWN. That is sufficient; but the
Senator says that the committee were so much
piejudiced, that this case should be taken from
them.
Air. PUGH. Why, sir, the Senator from
Georgia snid that, if referred to them, he would
not examine it again.
Mr. BROWN. Exactly; and when I charged
the Commissioner with entertaining so much pre-
judice against Mr. Thompson, that he would not
do his case justice, the Senator thought that was
a terrible onslaught on the Commissioner. That
is the hardest expression winch 1 used towards
that officer, and yet the Senator from Ohio has
called me to account in a speech of three hours' j
duration. I trust that, when he shall look through
the notes ofhis speech, he will strike out this and
other passages from it.
I did not like the temper in which the Senator
said that, though the Senate might vote this
money, the country would hold them responsible
for it. Have Senators sunk so low that threats
of this sort are to drive them from the discharge
of their duty? If not, for what purposes are
such menaces uttered here ? Let the Senator
send his speech to the country, and I dare say
it will produce that profound sensation in the
, country which it produced in the Senate. There
i will be as many people to read it, in comparison
with their numbers, I apprehend, as' th&re'were
Senators here to listen to it. ' r '
Sir, upon what authority does tKeSenatorfrofft;
Ohio charge a conspiracy among' Senator^ here
to force this claim through the Senate? and uj^on*
what authority does he name the Senator fronjT
Indiana and myself in that connection? There4
has been no conspiracy. I act on my own" re-
sponsibility as a Senator, and dare to do my duty
under all circumstances and at all times 
Mr. PUGH. I did not make any such charge!
Mr. BRIGHT. I did not understand the Sen-
ator from Ohio to make any charge of that'kind
in regard to the Senator from Mississippi or
myself.
Mr. PUGH. Certainly not, sir.
Mr. BROWN. In the latter part of his'speecS^
the Senator from Ohio uttered the expression to*
which I allude, and the reporter's notes, if I am,
not greatly deceived, will show it.
Mr. PUGH. The Senator is certainly mis-
taken. I had no such intention. I expressly
disclaimed in my speech any idea of casting any
reflection on the Senator from Mississippi or the
Senator from Indiana, or the rest of those who
support this claim. It seems, however,'that I
cannot help these things.
Mr. BROWN. I thought the Senator from
Ohio did not know the length to which he was
going in that declaration, nor the serious imputa-
tion which it conveyed against the action and
conduct of Senators here; but I felt it deeply,
and I noted it m my mind, and determined to
respond to it when he got through. The Senator's
disclaimer, however, is quite sufficient. I am
satisfied on that point.
I did not intend, Mr. President, to discuss this"
qustion again. If I had known that the Senator
from Ohio was determined to make the speech
which he has made, I would not have yielded to
the appeals of Senators to forbear giving my
views at length on this subject, und laying the
whole case before the Senate and the country.
It is too late to do it now; and, though 1 may
stand at some disadvantage, and though I know
the case will stand at disadvantage in tin- Senate
and m the country, for the want of the very re-
marks which I proposed to make, 1 will not
weary this body by pursuing tins subject any
further. If it be the disposition of the Senate
to take the vote I am quite content that it shall
be done at once.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I do not rise to argue the
question, but to say one word, as J have said
nothing during, the whole debate, or previous
debates on this subject, f rise simply to express
the apprehension that the personal feeling which
has been thrown into the investigation of this
subject is calculated to do injustice to what I
beheve to be a meritorious claim. I do riot think
it is necessary to assail the motives of Mr.
Thompson, or of the Commissioner of Indian
Affairs, or of the Secretary of the Interior. I
have as much respect for the Commissioner of
Indian Affairs as my friend from Ohio has; I
have as much admiration for his integrity, and
for his high ministerial and executive qualifica-
tions and capacityi as that Senator has; out, sir,
I believe that an executive officer of this Govern-
ment is not infallible." 1 think he may err in the
performance of his duties. From the examina-
tion which 1 have given to this claim, I am con-
vinced that it is just. From my knowledge of
the claimant, Mr. Thompson, I do not think a
more high-toned and honorable gentleman lives'.
I do not consider it necessary to cast aspersions
on the one or the other. In my judgment, we
ought to give our votes in reference to the merits
of the real question presented to us, and not with
reference to sustaining Mr. Manypenny or Mr.
McClelland, or Mr. Thompson. It is admitted
on all sides, that Mr. Thompson did make a con-
tract with these Indians, by which he was to
have one third of what he might recover for them.
Mr. PUGH. I wish the Senator to understand
that I do not admit it.
Mr. DOUGLAS. It is admitted, at least, that
he had a contract.
Mr. PUGH. I do not admit that. The Senator
has a right to say what he understands; but not
that I admitted it to be so.
Mr. BRIGHT. At this point, with the per-
mission of my friend from Illinois, I will say a
word. There was a contract made between tfrfe
