198*
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
August 8,
Indians .and Mr. Thompson, in pursuance of
law. There was no law forbidding the contract;
on the contrary, the rules of the Indian Depart-
ment provided that such contracts might be made
with the assent of the Department. Mr. Thomp-
son, before he made the contract, consulted the
President as to whether he should be permitted
to do so, and the President advised him to make
it, under the circumstances. The contract was
made in open day, in the Indian Office, and filed
there.
Mr. PUGH. The contract? •
Mr. BRIGHT. Yes, sir.
Mr. PUGH. That is a mistake.
Mr. BRIGHT. Then the records are false.
Mr.PUGH. I shallnotnowdiscussthe legality
of that paper—I have already done so; but I say
it is not signed by one half of the chiefs.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I will not go into that ques-
tion. I will content myself with the simple state-
ment, that, as I understand the case, there was a
fair, bona fide contract to the effect which I have
already declared. That point the Senate will
determine., and I think they have heard enough
to be able to judge for themselves. Mr. Thomp-
son devoted five years' labor under that contract
to the service of these Indians, and through his
labors they acquired §240,000. When he claimed
his pay in pursuance of- the contract, the Com-
mittee on Indian Affairs thought the Indians had
made an improvident contract, and were not
willing to allow him what it secured to him, be-
cause the Government was the guardian of the
Indians. Instead of giving him the $80,000 to
which his contract entitled him, they said: We
will set aside the contract, and give yo.u what you
are entitled to for your service upon the principle
of quantum meruit. The committee arrived at
the conclusion that $40,000 was a fair compensa-
tion for the services and expenses of Mr. Thomp-
son, irrespective of the contract. This is the
case as I understand it.
Now, the simple question is, shall he have
what his labor was worth—only half the contract
price? 1 think we ought to allow him what his
labor was worth, whether there was a contract or
not; and without going into the question whether
in subsequent events the Commissioner of Indian
Affairs has acted properly or improperly, or
whether Mr. Thompson, under irritation in his
communications, has said things which he ought
not to have said, it is enough for me to know that
he rendered the services, and that they were
worth the amount specified. I believe that if we
can strip ourselves of all partiality and prejudice
growing out of personal relations on the one side
or the other, we can do justice. Recognizing each
party to the controversy as an honorable and
upright man, I shall give my vote for the claim
on the considerations which I have stated.
Mr. MASON. Mr. President, I remember
very distinctly when the Senate concurred 111 the
law'to which allusion has been made by the Sen-
ator from Ohio, prohibiting all future contracts,
and probably declaring null and void all contracts
made between Indian tribes and these agents and
attorneys. I know it was brought about because
we had evidences and instances before us, in which
it was shown that it was the policy of the Gov-
ernment, established for many years, to treat all
Indian tribes as in a condition of pupilage, which
would not admit of that sort of dealing between
the white race and the Indian. It was shown
that the Indians were imposed upon, as naturally
they would be, and that the Government was
imposed upon by such contracts. Claimants
came here, under Indian contracts, and got large
sums out of moneys awarded to the Indians for
their lands, or as annuities or compensations of
various kinds. I concurred heartily in the policy
of the Government to place between the white
man and the Indian, in every contract, and en-
gagement of every kind, the sting of actual disa-
bility, so that there should be no dealing between
them.
Now, as to the merits of this case, I know very
little. When confined to my room a few days
ago, I read so much of the debate in the Globe as
took place on a former day, and I confess that I
was not impressed with the merits of the claim.
1 shall adhere to the policy which the Govern-
ment has marked out. The Indians are badly
enough treated, God knows, on the part of the
Government, from necessity probably, but infi-
nitely worse treated whenever whites come among
them for purposes of any sort. I have not the
pleasure of a personal acquaintance with this gen-
tleman, Mr. Thompson, and have not a word to
say against him; but I adhere to that disability.
There ought to be, and as I understand the policy
of the law of 1853, there is, an actual disability
imposed on any dealings between a white man
and Indians, unless where the white man is an
authorized officer of the Government, arid deal-
ing on the responsibility of the Government. I
shall vote against the claim from necessity.
Mr. BIGGS. I am sure, Mr. President, that
sn far as I am concerned, the Senate will come
to the conclusion that I have no personal feeling
whatever about tjie matter; but 1 wish to make
a suggestion, of a practical kind, for the consid-
eration of the Senate. I understand that this
matter comes here upon a memorial which has
been presented by Mr, Thompson, and referred
to the Committee on Indian Affairs. The com-
mittee report a resolution asking to be discharged
from the further consideration of the subject.
That is the original report.
Mr. SEBASTIAN. Will the Senator from
North Carolina allow me to correct him as to the
facts of the case?
Mr. BIGGS. Certainly.
Mr. SEBASTIAN. The subject was not
brought before the committee by a memorial.
The Senator from Wisconsin [Mr. Dodge] in-
troduced a resolution asking for all the informa-
tion in possession of the Executive Departments
in reference to this claim. The answer was re-
ceived, transmitting that information, which forms
a very large volume. That document, it appears,
was inadvertently referred to the Committee on
Indian Affairs. When the subjoct was under
discussion before the committee, I will not un-
dertake to speak of the impression or views of
other members, but it was my idea to report it
back, and ask to be discharged from it as a matter
that had come improperly before us. There was
no memonalof Thompson askingforrelief; there
was no executive recommendation for a change
of the law. It appeared, therefore, tome, to have
come before the committee inadvertently, and
my own notion in reporting it Ijack, without any
recommendation, was to get rid of a subject
which, by mistake and improperly, had come
before the committee. That is the statement of
the facts.
Mr. BIGGS. Then I am mistaken in regard
to the subjoct having been brought to the notice
of the Committee on Indian Affairs by a memo-
rial of Mr. Thompson. But it seems to have
originated hereon a resolution of inquiry, calling
on the proper Departments for the facts. I was
led into the error by perceiving that the first paper
in the printed document is a communication from
Mr. Thompson. As I have said, the first report
of the committee was to be discharged from the
consideration of the subject. Then amotion was
made to recommit the report to the Committee on
Indian Affairs, with instructions to report a bill
to compensate Mr. Thompson, to a fair amount,
for his services; and then the Senator from Geor-
gia, if I understand correctly, moved an amend-
ment to the original report of the committee,
declaring it to be the opinion of the Senate that
Mr. Thompson is entitled, without any further
legislation, to $40,000.
Mr. TOOMBS. That is right.
Mr. BIGGS. That is the way in which the
question is presented. Now, I should like to
know what practical benefit the passage of any
of these resolutions will do? I cannot see any-
thing to be attained by passing any of these res-
olutions. If the proposition of the Senator from
Georgia was in the form of a resolution, I could
see some practical result; but it is a resolution
merely expressive of the opinion of the Senate,
without the concurrence of the other House being
asked in the form of a resolution or bill. I can-
not vote for that. Though I may believe Mr.
Thompson entitled to the $40,000,1 do not think
I ought to vote for a resolution expressing the
opinion that there should be an appropriation to
him of $40,000, unless it is put in a proper shape,
so as to make it effective as a legislative act. I
see nothing practical to result from any propo-
sition that is now made to the Senate, except the
motion of the Senator from Arkansas to recom-
mit this subject with the instructions proposed by
him. I make the suggestion, because it has oc-
curred to me as a practical question, that the
whole matter ought to be laid on the table. I shall
not make the motion; but that is my opinion.
Mr.SEBASTIAN. Mr. President, before the
Senate proceeds to take avote on this case, which
I shall only delay for a very few minutes, I think
it due to the rather isolated' position occupied by
rac, to give at least a few reasons for the faith
that is in me.
The proposition which I have made is dis-
tinctly to refer this subject again to the Commit-
tee on Indian Affairs, with instructions in the
first place to ascertain and rep'ort a just compen-
sation for Mr. Thompson's services, and m the
next place to accompany that by a provision
restoring the proviso of the law of last year,
which, it is conceded, was incorporated into the
law as it was passed, but left out of the enrolled
bill by mistake. That proviso, which has been
omitted, as I suppose, by inadvertence, required
the assent of the Indians to the payment of the
money. I propose to refer the subject back to
the committee to ascertain and fix the rate of
compensation, because I believe (although I am
a member of a committee the majority of which
entertain a different opinion) that the rate of
compensation is exorbitant in comparison with
the service.
It has been erroneously stated by the Senator
from Mississippi, that the amount reported by
the Committee on Indian Affairs as an allowance
to these Indians was $600,000. That was the
isolated opinion of Mr. Walker, of Wisconsin.
The Journals will show that, at that time, I
accompanied the report with a proposition to
reduce the amount to $242,000; and I am sure all
the rest of the committee concurred with me.
The authority of the committee for making the
report fixing the sum at §600,000, was given
merely to enable Mr. Walker to have the advan-
tage of offering an amendment for that amount.
He stood alone in the opinion that the Indians
were entitled to that much. On what I now
believe was an imperfect view of the facts, the
majority of the committee reported that the In-
dians were entitled to §242,000. The proposition
to pay it to them was made in the Senate, and I
think as often as twice rejected. It never ob-
tained a legislative recognition.
Subsequently, a treaty was entered into with
the Menomonee Indians, by which the United
States engaged to pay them $150,000 in annui-
ties, commencing in 1867, and running through ^
a period of ten years. The reason why the pay-
ment was postponed was because the annuities
under a previous treaty would not expire until
then. The whole amount was $150,000, but that
was not to be granted as a recognition of this
claim. It was to compensate the Indians first
for an estimated difference of $40,000 between
the expenses of their removal to Wisconsin and
i to Minnesota; and sccond, to compensate them
for about 400,000 acres of land, the difference
between the home which had been granted to
them in Minnesota and that which they were to
acquire in Wisconsin.
I am sufficiently cognizant, personally, with
the proceedings connected with the history of
that negotiation, to know that the claim which
Thompson had presented for the Indians cut a
very sorry figure in the amount of $150,000,
which the Commissioner agreed in that treaty to
pay them for the difference in the value of their
land and the difference in the expense of their
removal. By the exertions of Thompson, he
was able, to obtain a recognition of the i;Iaim be-
fore the committee, and the committee reported
a modification of the treaty, to add $92,000,
which carried up the sum granted by the treaty
to §242,000. To the extent of the allowance of
this $92,000, I admit that Mr. Thompson had
some agency in obtaining it. It is to be ascribed
to the fact that he had given some consideration
and pretension to this claim. The committee
agreed to fix that precise sum, because they wero
anxious to induce the Indians to believe that
they were to obtain for the exchange, for the re-
moval, for the surrender of country, and for their
claim to money, the whole amount which pre-
vious reports of the committee led them to sup-
pose they were entitled to.
There was another consideration. It was urged
by the Senator from Wisconsin, thai the treaty
