872
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[April 4,
34th Cong....1st Sess.
Affairs in Kansas—Mr. Collamer.
Senate.
lature, extended to other parts of the Territory,
besides the seven districts where the returns were
set aside. I have shown from the returns, if they
are to be believed, that such was the fact; I have
read some of them for that purpose. To be sure,
it cannot be expected that the returns on their
face would show it; but in a great number of
those districts, where there was no protest, where
they were not set aside by the Governor, outside
ana beyond the seven contested districts, the
great disparity between the returns of voters, by
the census, and the vote cast, is such as to con- I
vinca, us that the vote must have been cast by the
invaders. I alluded particularly to the case of :
the 5th district electing four Representatives, I
which was directly on the line, on the Missouri
border, where alone, as the Senator from Illinois ,
says, the invasion extended. I have shown how
the voting was done there. I have shown that in
the 10th representative district, where the returns i
were not set aside, the votes were certainly, if
we can believe any of the testimony, cast by
people from abroad. This is fully stated by the
return of the judges I have already read. |
The Territory was divided into districts for the
purpose of taking the census. These districts
are called election districts. The council and rep-
resentative districts are composed of the election
districts as described in the Governor's procla-
mation. I have alluded to the returns of the fifth
district. I wish it understood that this 5th elec-
tion district is on the line.
Mr. GEYER. Yes, sir.
Mr. COLLAMER. This district was entitled
to two councilors and four representatives. The
census returns show that there were four hun-
dred and forty-two legal voters, and eight hun-
dred and fifty-five votes were cast. I showed the
great disparity which existed in the seventh coun-
cil district which was entitled to two representa-:
tives, and the ninth district, between the election
returns and the census.
I wish now to recapitulate for a moment. I
think the invasion extended to all or most of the
Territory, because, as I have said, such are the
statements of the people on the ground in their
public resolutions and meetings. In the second
place, I think so because the statement of the
Governor, as made to the House of Representa-
tives in writing, to which 1 alluded yesterday, so
alleged. In the third place, I say so because the
invasion or incursion—if that be a softer term—
was for the purpose, and only for the purpose, of
making a Legislature, entertaining their own
views, and betraying a consciousness that unless
they interfered, the people would elect one of a
different kind. They went for that purpose.
There is no reasonable probability to suppose
that they confined their afForts to a minority of
the Legislature; they went to make the Legislature.
There is no reason to suppose they confined
themselves to electing nine representatives out of
twenty-six. In the next place, I say so, because
they stated that they had done the work fully,
ana had made a "clean sweep." This view is
confirmed by the statement which I have read of
the election judges of the tenth district, appointed
by the Governor, who stated on oath that the
violence was such that the residents of the dis-
trict went away and left it to the invaders, who
appointed their own judges and made their own
returns. This part of tne council district, being
the tenth representative district, was entitled to
one representative, who was thus elected. That
was a case never protested against. This is a
statement made by the judges who were on the
ground at the time.
The Senator from Illinois contended that the
invasion was confined to the border. Now, I wish
to call attention for a few moments to the returns
which have been made, so that we may see what
truth there is in that statement. I will take one
of the returns for the purpose of illustration. The
eleventh election district was a part of the ninth
representative district.
Mr. GEYER. The eleventh and twelfth election
districts formed the ninth representative district.
Mr. COLLAMER. This eleventh election dis-
trict is Marysville, and we find by the returns
that there were three hundred and thirty-one votes
cast—three hundred and twenty-eight of which
were cast for Marshall, as representative. In
relation to that, I wish to read a protest of citizens
of that place.
Mr. GEYER. Mr. Marshall was one of the
judges of the election.
Mr. i
COLLAMER. That may be; I do not
know whether it is so or not. I read the docu-
ment as it is; I have not turned to the proclama-
tion to see whether he was a judge or not; it is
immaterial:
" Protest of M. F. Conway and ten others, claiming to be
qualified voters of the Territory, against the election Of
John Donaldson and Thomas J. Marshall, complaining that
upwards of three hundred votes were given by non-residents
of the Territory at the Marysville precinct, and that the
ballots received at the said precinct were opened and read
by the judges before they were deposited in the ballot-box;
together with the oath of M. F. Conway in support thereof,
with the affidavit of Cole McCrea, that upwards of two
hundred non-residents of the Territory past west on the
Leavenworth and Biley road, Wednesday and Thursday
next preceding the election, declaring that they intended to
vote at the Marysville precinct, and then return to their
residence in Missouri; and that on the following Sundayjand
Monday he saw many of the same persons returning towards
Missouri river, some of whom stated in the presence of their
associates that they had voted and done the thing up right.''
This was set aside by the Governor, and he
decided the election on the votes cast in' the
twelfth election district, of that representative
district. But the Assembly held this Marysville
election to be all right.
The eleventh and twelfth election districts made
up this ninth representative district. The number
of voters in the eleventh district, (Marysville,)
when the census was taken in February, was
twenty-four, and the returns of the election show
that there was cast three hundred and eleven
votes! I will here say to the gentleman from
Missouri [Mr. Geyer] that I am informed, from
such sources as I believe, that Mr. Atchison was
present at Marysville at the voting. If so, he
will be able to tell all about it. I do not mean to
say that he voted. I do not think he'Voted at all;
but he was present and there were three hundred
and thirty-one votes cast.
Mr. GEYER. I will ask at this stage of the
discussion, what authority the Senator has for
saying that General Atchison was there ?
Mr. COLLAMER. In the first place, I say it
on the authority of depositions whicn were shown
to me by Governor Reeder, which were needed
for the purpose of examination in Kansas, and
they were carried back. I cannot give the names
now, but I have them at my room. In the next
place, Mr. Robinson, saia to be Governor of
Kansas, informed me that it was so. I think Mr.
Pomeroy, also, informed me that General Atchi-
son was there; and Mr. Lane also informed me of
the same fact. Now, the gentleman has my author-
ity for the statement. I oelieve it, because I have
seen all these gentlemen, and I think it is pretty
competent testimony. I did not refer to it with
a view to make any remarks about General
Atchison. I made the statement with perfect
frankness, for if these things are not so, there is-
a means of contradicting them, but I have no idea
that Mr. Atchison will say that the statement is
not true.
It appears, then, in a district where there were
twenty-four voters, it is returned in the record
that there were cast three hundred and thirty-one
votes! Now, where is Marysville, where this
occurred ? It is one hundred miles from the Mis-
souri line, in the interior. Then the incursion
did extend to the interior. Nor can it by possi-
bility be said these'three hundred and thirty-one
votes were cast by people residing in that district
who were in favor of electing an Assembly of
such a character, because we perceive there were
but twenty-four voters who lived there at all.
I have thus undertaken to show that the idea of
the incursion being confined to the border, merely,
is not well founded. The proof shows that it did
extend to the interior. If there is any truth in
the record made and returned at the time by the
proper officers, such was its character. The tes- \
timony and the protest which I have read, show
that such was its character. The Governor be-
lieved it to be so, and set it aside. All this is
clear, if we can believe that there is any verity in
the record; and yet the Legislature said this was
all good enough, and they admitted that man to
his seat.
The seven districts where the elections were set
aside by the Governor, were entitled to nine rep-
resentatives; and it is acknowledged that the inva-
sion extended to those districts. The nine who
were thus illegally chosen by the invaders were
admitted to seats by the so-called Legislature.
By the return of the judges of the tenth represent-
ative district, which I read yesterday, it appeared
that the judges were driven from the polls; and
yet the man there said to be elected was admitted
to a seat. In the fifth election district, directly
on the border, four representatives were returned.
There were only about four hundred legal voters
there at the time of the census, in February; but
there were nearly nine hundred votes cast in
March. There was no protest entered in relation
to that district, for a reason which I have already
explained; one was attempted, but it did not reach
the Governor in season.
Then in these cases there were fifteen members
of the Legislative Assembly, more than one half
of the whole number, illegally elected by the
Eeople not belonging to the Territory. I think I
ave shown by the records and testimony which
I have presented, that the majority of that Legis-
lature was elected by an incursion of people from
Missouri. I dislike ever to have occasion to use
terms of reproach. I avoid them whenever I can.
When I use the word " incursion," I mean the
coming in of people from Missouri by violence
and force. I shall use no bad names.
But, Mr. President, it is said, that because the
Legislature admitted those men who were im-
properly elected, it is all well enough, and we
ought not to inquire into it. The idea that if a
body of men were mere usurpers in the beginning,
their own act could legitimate themselves, is to
me one of the most preposterous things that ever
was advanced. In order, however, to judge with
some degree of fairness in regard to the action of
these men, I desire for a moment to direct the
attention of the Senate to the character of the
elections now calledgood enough, and which they
decided to be good.
Here I beg leave to remark, that when we show
that a thousand votes were cast at a "place where
there were only four hundred voters, it is not fair
to say that that shows the extremity of the case;
because it is to be borne in mind, as the facts I
think are, that the resident voters when this in-
cusion was made withdrew and left the ground.
I have read the affidavits of some of the election
judges, stating that they left the ground, and that
the legal voters went away. When, therefore, we
show that a thousand votes were cast where there
were only four hundred voters, it cannot be said
that that shows the extent of the fraud. The
fact is, that most of the votes which were cast at
the election of the 30th of March were cast by
people from Missouri, and they should be counted
as Missouri votes. I desire, however, to state
■the facts in regard to the elections which the
Legislature held to be good.
■ The first election district being entitled to three
representatives, had, according to the census,
three hundred and sixty-nine voters ; but one
thousand and forty-four votes were returned as
cast there. Let us see what the judges of elec-
tion and persons on the ground said : At page
30 of the document to which I alluded yesterday—
the executive proceedings of the Territory fur-
nished by the President to the House of Repre-
sentatives—I find a protest of Samuel F. Tappan
and twenty others:
" Protest of Samuel F. Tappan and twenty others, claim-
ing to be residents of the first election district, to declare
void, to set aside the returns and election in said district
.or that certificates be given to Joel K. Goodin and S. N.
Wood for council, and to John Hutchinson, E. D. Ladd,
and P. P. Fowler, for the reason that six or seven hundred
armed men encamped in the vicinity of the polls on the 29tJ 
and 30th of March, collected around said polls, and kept
them in their possession on the day of the election till late
in the afternoon, and who left the district during the after-
noon and the ensuing day. Said persons were strangers,
believed to come from the State of Missouri. Citizens of
the district were threatened with violence and prevented
from voting. Affidavit by all the signers, together with
affidavits of Harrison Nichols, Edwin Bond, David Congee,
N. B. Blanton, and Samuel Jones, tending to prove threats,
violence, and non-resident voting."
• There is also in relation to the same district,
this protest by the judges of election appointed
by the Governor:
"Protest of Perry Fuller and E. W. Moore, judges ap-
pointed to hold the election, and twenty-nine other persons
claiming to be residents—complaining that the said election
