1856.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
383
some better reason why this election should be
postponed than has been made public.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I have no private reasons
to give the gentleman. My reasons for making
this motion are for the public ear and for the
"public eye." We made an unsuccessful effort
yesterday to elect a public printer, and I am sat-
isfied that officer cannot be elected to-day. I
avowed my purpose to roach the joint resolution
passed by the Senate, and now lying upon the
Speaker's table. I think that gentlemen who
oppose that resolution, under existing circum-
stances , might withdraw their technical objections,
and let us vote directly upon it, each one of us
assuming manfully his responsibility on both the
issues it presents—of constitutionality and expe-
dienmi. If they will do that, we can reach the
resolution and make a final disposition of it within
the next forty minutes.
Mr. BOCOCK. I will say to the gentleman
from Ohio, that the joint resolution upon the
Speaker's table provides an appropriation which,
under the rules, must go to a Committee of the
Whole House.
Mr. CAMPBELL. Mr. Speaker, I think I
understand the course the resolution must take.
Gentlemen come here with constitutional and
technical objections, I know, but why will they
not let the House vote directly on the resolution?
They s.iy they have n"o power under the Consti-
.tution to make appropriations of this sort. Well,
sir, I admit that there are difficulties and doubts
surrounding this question; but there are pre-
cedents touching the principle, to a few of which
I will refer: I refer my friends upon the Demo-
cratic side of the House to some items'referred
to pending the civil and diplomatic appropriation
bill of 1852. I wish to call the special attention
of those gentlemen who make war upon this res-
olution on tile ground of constitutional scruples,
to some of the items of bills, to pay which they
voted money from the public Treasury. I read
from a speech made by the distinguished gentle-
man from Tennessee [Mr. Jones] in 1852. These
items were read to the House by that vigilant
sentinel over the'Treasury of our people. Among
other items are the following:
"The Senator*?, no doubt correctly, say that the expend-
iture of their contingent fund is a matter with which the
House lias nothing to do. I know tiiat they are responsi-
ble foi it, but if I know how it is *=pcnt—the items which
compose tins §287,775 of contingencies in one year for the
Senate I hold myself as much responsible for that expend-
iture as those who voted it out of that fund, after they
had received it, through the appropriation bill, into the
hands of their Secretary.
"Now, su, here is a bill paid to the Messrs. Brown,
lioiel-keepeis of this city, fot Louis Ko suth and his suite,
of §4,566 32. For that,*I never intend knowingly to vote,
directly or indirectly.
" Several Voxuks. Read the items.
<kMr. Jones. The item-* are as follows:
"To boaid foi Governor Kossuth and suite, havmc ten
pailors and twenty two chambers, thnteen and a half dajs
—twenty-three persons $3,886 00
Sundries—
" Champagne, sheiry, madeua, cigaisu lemonade,
bar bill, washing, medicines, po^t-omce stamps,
poiterage and messenger?, hack hire paid at dif-
ferent times, telegraphs, sugar, brandy, and
win-sky in room, porter and ale, envelopes, bar-
ber's bill—amounting in all to    658 82
((Bill for carriages engaged for Governor and suite .319 50
$4,566 32
"That is a bill for twenty-three persons during thirteen
and a half days, amounting, I believe, to some .$14 per day
for each person.
" Then, sir, I have here a bill furnished by the keepers
of the National Hotel, at which Kossuth and his suite
stopped on their return here from the South, when they
were upon tlieir own expenses. I believe there were then
six persons ; they stopped at the National Hotel about four
days?, and their bill was ,$74, being $3 08 per day for each
person, wiien they weie paying their own expenses, and
something over $14 per day for each person, when this Gov-
ernment was paying then expenses.
"These aie the fact?;, and some of the reasons why tins
appropuuuon is asked (oi by the Secretary of the Senate !"
The appropriation bill, Mr. Speaker, which pro-
vided the money to pay these item® was passed
by the votes of gentlemen upon the other side of
the House, who now object to the resolution
from the Senate which I wish acted upon.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I want to correct
the gentleman from Ohio in his statement of fact.
That appropriation was never passed by the votes
of any gentlemen, either on this or the other side
of the House.
Mr. CAMPBELL. The contingent fund of
the Senate^was appropriated by the votes of this
House, and these items were paid out of that
contingent fund.
Mr. HOUSTON. If the gentleman will allow
me, I will state the facts connected with this ap-
propriation, and correct the error into which lie
has fallen. It is not correct that the items read
by him were in any of the appropriation bills.
He charges that they were in one of the appro-
priation bills, and passed by the votes of members
on this side of the House. The Journals do not
sustain his statement. On the contrary, by refer-
ence to them, gentlemen will find that the Kossuth
bill, embracing the items read by the gentleman,
was paid by the Senate out of its contingent fund;
and, so far from the members on this side of the
House voting for them, they were not proposed
in any of our appropriation bills, but wore paid
by the votes of Senators exclusively out of the
contingent fund of that body, which had been
appropriated by Congress the session previous.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I ask the honorable gen-
tleman from Alabama [Mr. Houston] whether
the money paid for Governor Kossuth's brandy
and whisky was not voted for by this House?
Mr. HOUSTON. I have already stated how
that aj)propriation was made: no money can be
drawn from the Treasury except by appropria-
tions regularly made by Congress, it has always
been, and is yet, customary to make an appropria-
tion, giving to cach House of Congress a contin-
gent fund. As usual, those contingent funds had
been appropriated the session previous to the pay-
ment of the Kossuth bill—long before that bill
was known to exist, and probably before it had
been created. Senators considered that they had
the right to use a portion of their contingent fund
to pay that bill, and they, in that way, paid it,
without the House having a vote upon it. True,
the two Houses appropriated the fund, but they
did so the session before, and without reference
to that bill, or even a knowledge that such a bill
would be presented for payment out of it; and
it certainly cannot be regarded as a sound argu-
ment, that because the Senate did in fact pay
that bill out of its contingent fund appropriated
at the previous session, and long before the bill
was known to exist, that those who voted for
that fund really voted for the Kossuth items,
when no such items were in any of our bills, and
none of the money appropriated in them was in-
tended or designed to pay those items.
Mr. CAMPBELL. It is true that there was
nothing in the appropriation bill expressly pro-
viding for the payment of that bill.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. The gentleman
from Ohio must know very well that the House
made no appropriation intending to provide for
such expenditures.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I say, Mr. Speaker, that
the appropriation bill providing the money out of
which that bill was paid was passed by the gen-
tlemen on the other side of the House. Gentle-
men cannot escape the point which I make, to
wit: that $4,500 of the people's money was taken
from the Treasury, by virtue of a law for which
the Democratic party voted, to buy brandy, and
cigars, and wine, for a foreigner who came to
this country avowing as his purpose the dissem-
ination of such doctrines as would involve us in
" war" and "entangling alliances" with foreign
nations.
Now, Mr. Speaker, I might refer, if [ were
disposed to consume the time of the House, to
numerous other appropriation bills, to enforce the
idea 1 wish to present. Have not hundreds of
thousands of dollars—I ask the honorable gentle-
man from Alabama, [Mr. Houston]—been appro-
priated by his vote and that of his party, for
grading and paving the avenues and streets of
this city, m front of the property of the rich men
of the city? How many hundreds and thousands
of dollars of appropriations has ho advocated for
the purpose of bringing water into the residences
of the rich men of the city, and for similar ob-
jects? How many thousands of dollars has my
friend from Virginia [Mr. Letcher] voted for
making surveys for the benefit of those interested
in railroad prpject.s5 Why, sir, I rccollect very
well that in the last Congress my friend from Vir-
ginia was on the committee of conference at a
time when the appropriation for the surveys made
by Governor Stevens of a railroad route to the
Pacific was a contested point between the two
Houses. The gentleman, I think, then aban-
donee! his constitutional objections, and came into
this House reporting and voting in favor of that
appropriation. If 1 state him incorrectly, he can
make the correction here now. He concurred,!
believe, in the report of the committee of confer-
ence that recommended the passage of that appro-
priation. And now, Mr. Speaker, when there is
a very simple proposition to appropriate a few
hundred dollars to relieve the sufferings of the
poor of the city, who, from the extraordinary
inclemency of the season, are freezing or starv-
ing, objection is made to it on a constitutional
abstraction. I feel authorized, by information
received from high sources within the last few
hours, to say that the distress prevailing among
that unfortunate class of the population is almost
beyond the ordinary power of descriptive fac-
ulties.
Mr. Speaker, I do not propose to go into an
elaborate speech upon this subject now, and
therefore will not consume more time. Action,
action is all I wish. I do not propose to consume
the time of the House, because while we are
talking the poor women and children are freezing
or starving around us. In order to reach the
Senate resolution, I move to lay the whole sub-
ject in reference to the election of a printer upon
the table.
Mr. HOUSTON. I wish to correct a state-
ment made by the gentleman, as to my action. I
had intended to make a short argument, in reply
to what has been said, but if the gentleman will
only allow me lo correct him in relation to a
matter of fact, I will stop, at that, although I de-
siied very much to reply to his remarks.
Mr. CAMPBELL, t yielded the floor to the
gentleman whilst 1 was upon it, and I thought
that he then said everything he had to say. lam
for action now, and therefore I decline to with-
draw my motion to lay on the tabic.
Mr. HOUSTON. Then 1 desire to say that
the gentleman has, unintentionally I hope, mis-
represented the facts.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I will not ask any
favor of tho House, or of the gentleman from
Ohio, but I ask him, as a matter of justice to me,
to withdraw his motion. He has read heie from
remarks I made to the House on a former occa-
sion, and has precluded me by the motion he has
made from saying a word about it.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I do not intend to do you
injustice. I stated to tho House, that I read the
items of the Kossuth bill from your speech, as
reported in the Congressional Globe.
The SPEAKER, (interrupting.) Debate is not
in order.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I will withdraw my motion
and retain the floor, yielding it, however, for ex-
planations from the gentleman from Alabama,
[Mr. Houston7,] and the gentleman from Ten-
nessee, [Mr. Jones.]
Mr. JONES. The gentleman cannot retain the
floor m that way; [ only want it for a very little
time.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I will first, with very great
pleasure, yield the floor to the gentleman from
Alabama, [Mr. Houston.]
Mr. JONES. If the gentleman withdraws the
motion to lay upon the table, it will then be for
the Speaker to assign the floor.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I am perfectly willing that
both gentlemen shall make any correction they
desire. I expressly stated that 1 merely quoted
the items as the gentleman from Tennessee em-
bodied them in Ins speech.
Mr. JONES. Yes, sir; and if the gentleman
is willing for the matter to come fairly before the
House, ho will withdraw his motion.
Air. CAMPBELL. I have no disposition to
be unfair. I will withdraw the motion to lay
upon the table, if the gentleman from Tennessee
will renew it.
Air. JONES. Upon that subject I shall exer-
cise a very sound discretion, as i think I do upon
most others.
Mr. CAMPBELL. Very well, I have great
confidence in the gentleman's discretion, and I
will withdraw the motion unconditionally.
Air. JONES. Mr. Speaker, there is no gen-
tleman upon this floor who knows better than the
gentleman from Ohio that every word which he
has said with regard to th<it resolution from the
Senate was out of order. I was not m the House,
sir, when he commenced reading from this cele-
