1856.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1109
vision for the annexation of the British Provinces.
[Laughter. 1
Mr. CLTNGMAN. I will answer the gentle-
man that I will make no motion to cut off amend-
ments that he or any other gentleman may desire
to effer.
Mr. JONES. That we may hare an opportu-
nity to examine the resolution, which I presume
will appear in the papers, I move that the House
adjourn. If we adjourn now the resolution will
go over until next Monday, and by that day we
can be better able to vote on it.
The question was taken; and the House refused
to adjourn, there being, on a division—ayes 57,
noes 58.
Mr. JONES. There was not a quorum on the
last vote, and I move that there be a call of the
House.
The motion was disagreed to.
Mr. FLAGLER. I^move that the House do
now adjourn.
Mr. STEPHENS callcd for tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Phelps and
Flagler were appointed.
The question was put; and the tellers reported
—ayes (i.'i. noes 58.
Mr. BALL. I demand the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the affirmative—yeas 65, nays 63; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Baibom", Bishop, Bocock, Branch, But-
fintou, Colfax, Cia;$in, Culien, CumbucK, Davidson, Dean,
Durfee, Elliott, English, Evans, Flogler, Foster, Green-
wood, Grow, J. Mornson Harris, lIatn-;on, Hoffman,
Hughston, George VV Jones, Kent, Kennett, Kidwell,
Knapp, Knox. Lctchor, Lumpkin, Samuel S. Ma13ha.il,
McCarty, McMuIlm, McQueen, MilKon, NiehoK Penning-
ton, Phelps, Fowl!, Prmgle, Ricaud, llitchie, Roberta,
Ruftiti, Sabm, Scott, aid, Stephens, t?tiaunlkui, Swope,
Tappan, Taylor,Thurston, Todd, Tnppe, Walhudge, YVat-
dron, Eihhu B. Washburnc, iMael Wat-hbum, Weigh,
Wheeler, Williams, Daniel B. Wright, and John V. Wright
—Go.
NAYS—Messrs. Aiken, Albright, Allen, Ball, Barksdale,
Hemy Bennett, Benson, Bilhnghurst, Bingham, Bliss, Brad-
shaw, Bicnton, Buihngaine, Burnett. John P. Campbell,
Lewis L). Campbell, Carlile, Ezra Clark, Chngman, Wil- j
linmM>n R. W. Cobb, Oovode, Cox,Timothy I)avi*, Denver.
Eustis, Thomas J. 1). Fuller, Gjddmgs, Granger, Ilarlan,
llaven, Ilcibeit, Hollowav, Thomas It. Horton, Valentine
5} Iloiton, Jev.'ctt, Knowiton.Leitci. Humphrey Marshall,
Matteson, Moigan. Moirill, Paine, Paikei, Peck, Perry,
Pettit, Purviance, Purycar, Heady, Rivers, Sandidge, Sapp,
Wilham It. Smith, Pnced, Spinner, Stanton, Stewait,
Trafton, Wakeman, Walker, Woodruff, and Woodvvorth
—62. •
So the motion was agreed to.
The House accordingly (at three o'clock and
twenty-live minutes) adjourned until to-morrow,
at twelve o'clock, m.
IN SENATE.
Tuesday, May 6, 1856.
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. Hemry C. Dean.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS.
Mr. JONES, of Iowa, presented the petition
of citizens of Iowa, praying for the passage of
an act to confirm the selection of swamp and
overflowed lands, selected by the county of Mills,
in Iowa, under the act of September 28, 1850;
which was referred to the Committee on Public
Lands.
Mr. SLIDELL presented a resolution of the
Legislature of Louisiana, rescinding a resolution
previously passed by that body, in favor of the
removal of the custom-house fortheTeche dis-
trict, from Franklin to Pattersonville, in that
State; which was laid on the table, and ordered
to be printed.
Mr. CLAYTON presented two petitions of
citizens of New Jersey and Pennsylvania, pray-
ing that the act of 1852 for the better protection
of the lives of passengers on board of vessels
propelled in whole or in part by steam, maybe
extended to ferry-boats; which were referred to
the Committee on Commerce.
REPORT FROM A COMMITTEE^
Mr. YTTLEE, from the Committee on the Post
Office and Post Roads, to whom were referred the
messages of the President of the United States
of the 6th and 11th of March, communicating
correspondence relative to the transmission of
the mails and munitions of war over the Illinois
Central railroad, submitted a report; which was
ordered to be printed.
NEGROES IN THE INDIAN TERRITORY.
Mr. WADE submitted the following resolution
for consideration:
Resolved, That the President be requested to communi-
cate to the Senate, if con&i&tent with the public interest,
copies of all papers now in the Department of War, or of
the Interior, not heretofore communicated, touching the
difficulties between the Creek and Seminole Indians con-
cerning or relating to or arising out of conflicting claims for
negroes, and of all papers touching the emigration or cany-
ing said negroes from the Indian Territory west of the
Mississippi.
VIRGINIA LAND WARRANTS.
Mr. DURKEE submitted the following reso-
lution; which was considered by unanimous con-
sent, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Interior be requested
to infoim the •Senate what amount in acrcs, of fcrip, has
been issued under the act entitlod u An act making tuither
provision tor the satisfaction of Virginia land wairants,"
approved August 31, lfc?o*2. That he also furnish a {state-
ment of the claims di?a!lowed. and the reasons therefor,
giving the imount of land covered by each claim. And
also, an estimate of the amount which would be required to
satisfy the claims under said act, should the power of revis-
ion and reexamination given by jt be repealed.
MESSAGE FROM THE HOUSE.
A message was received from the House of
Representatives, announcing that the House had
passed the following bills; in which they re-
quested the concurrence of the Senate:
A bill to alter and amend "An act to appropri-
ate money to remove obstructions in the Savannah
river, below the city of Savannah, in the State of
Georgia," approved March 3, 1855; and
A bill granting the right of way to,the St.
Louis and Iron Mountain raihoud through the
arsenal, magazine, and Jefferson barracks tracts.
DISTRICT ARMORY.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore laid before the
Senate a communication from the President of
the United States, transmitting a letter fiom the
Secretary of "War in response to a resolution of
the Senate of the 21st ultimo, calling for informa-
tion as to the amount of damages that would be
incurred if Congress should rep  cl the enactment
which provides for the construct1 of an armory
in the District of Columbia.
Mr. STUART. That message is in response
to a resolution which I had the honor to intro-
duce; and 1 desire to have the statements and
reports of the Secretary of War printed with the
message. I move that they be printed, and laid
on the table, unless the Committee on the Dis-
trict of Columbia wish them to aid them in their
investigations.
Mr. BROWN. We shall want those papers
to-morrow morning. I suppose, however, that
they can be printed by that time. I hope so.
The committee meet at ten o'clock in the morn-
ing, and they will desire to hav'e them by that
time. It is very desirable that the subject should
be taken up this week; and, unless wu get the
papers by to-morrow, it cannot be acted on.
The communication was ordered to lie on the
table, and be printed.
Mr. FITZPATRICK. In consequence of the
intimation of my friend from Mississippi, that he
desired to call up to-morrow morning the bill in
regard to the armory in this city, 1 propose to
offer now a resolution for the purpose of obtain-
ing more information in regard to the subject. I
I was among the number who voted to recommit
the former bill to the Committee on the District
of Columbia, with a view to ascertain the extent
of the damage which might be incurred by the
repeal of the original act. At the time when I
cast my vote, the impression on my mind was,
that the location of this institution upon the Mall
would tend to mar its beauty, and prevent, to a
large extent, any future building on that portion
of the ground, to which I should be averse; but
on inquiry since that time, and on conversation
with gentlemen who seem to be well informed
011 the subject, I understand that the portion de-
signed for the location of this armory is isolated
from the remainder of the square, and that its
construction there will not affect the erection of
other" buildings which Congress may feel in-
clined to erect hereafter. As the President in- ;
formed us in his communication, that he had j
made the location after a personal examination, i
I am anxious to learn all that he has to say in j
reference to the matter. I do not know the extent I
of the damage which we should incur by a repeal 1
of the law; but if it is too much, or if it is very
considerable, it is desirable that we should know
it, for I am inclined to think that the institution
is not without its merits. To enable us to under-
stand the question fully, I offer the following
resolution, which I trust will accord witli^the
views of the Senate:
Resolved, That the President of the United States be re-
quested to communicate to the Senate information upon
the following points:
The extent in acres and original boundaries of the Mall,
in the city of Washington, and the purposes for which it
was intended.
Whether the Mall is or is not partially occupied by pri-
vate dwelling-houses, stores, and lots, and by lumber,
wood, and coal yards, and other objects, and intersected by
streets and avenues; whether such occupation and inter-
section by highways be temporary or pcimanent, and upon
what authority it rests.
Whether that portion of this ground, selected by the
President under the law of the last session, as a site for
the public building directed by that law as a depository
for military trophies, newly invented and model arms for
the military service, and arms for the volunteeis and mih-
tia of this District, has or has not been permanently sepa-
rated from the other sections of this ground by public high-
ways ; and how much ground would be occupied for this
site; and whether there is or is not any other piece ot pub-
lic giound that could be u«cd for this purpose without in-
convenience or disadvantage to Qther public objects.
Mr. BROWN. 1 do not propose to object to
the resolution; but these repeated calls on the
President for information result in delay in the
settlement of the question. I really cannot see
why the Senator desires to know whether the
grounds have riot been encroached upon hereto-
fore. It is an admitted proposition on all bands,
that they have been very materially encroached
upon; and it is for that very reason that the Com-
mittee on the District of Columbia desire now to
arrest these encroachments, before the grounds
are entirely destroyed. I am ready to admit, in
the face of the Senate, that all the encroachments
indicated in the resolution have been made, and
that this ercction is simply to have the effect of
making another encroachment.
I do not wish to arrest inquiry; but if the res-
olution be adopted the effect will be, as a matter
of course, to delay any action on the subject
until we get an answer. We have been already
delayed ten or twelvd days, waitmgfor the answer
from the President, which we have received only
this morning, the manuscript of which I was in
the act of examining when the Senator from Al-
abama offered his resolution. If he insists on its
passage, however, I shall make no opposition.
Mr. FITZPATRICK. My sole object is to
vote understandingly on this question. When it
was under consideration before, it was discussed
at some considerable length. With the views
which I then had of the subject, I was disinclined
to do any act which would interfere with a reser-
vation that is looked upon as an eligible one for
the erection of some more important building at
a future day. I am free to say that, since that
question has passed from the Senate, I have con-
versed with gentlemen who are familiar with the
subject, and I understand that the particular por-
tion of the Mall upon which this building is
designed to be located, is disconnected from the
great body of that square, which will not at all
be affected by it.
Mr. BROWN. 1 assure my friend that that is
a mistake. The building is proposed to be put
on an angle—an angle produced, however, by
an encroachment heretofore made. If you put the
building there, you will make another angle.
Mr. FITZPATRICK. I will ^sk the gentle-
man if the encroachment already made is not of
a permanent character, and one which cannot be
removed ?
Mr. BROWN. Of course.
Mr. FITZPATRICK. Then this angle be-
comes useless, so far as regards its relation to the
residue of the Mall, and the location of this in-
stitution will not affect it.
Mr. BROWN. My friend does not under-
stand the matter. The precise spot of ground
011 which it is proposed to put this building, is a
connected part, undivided by anything, of seven-
teen acres of land.
Mr. FITZPATRICK. Then I have been
misinformed; for my understanding was that the
occupation of the portion of the Mall on which
this building was designed to be erected, would
not in the least affect the residue of the square.
The President informs us in his communication,
that he made apersonal examination of the point,
