THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBUS.
August 8.
one connected with the Government, or anybody
else, coirlfl deny them. It was for that service
that the Indians wanted to pay him. For that
service they would' long since have paid him, if
there had been no interference of executive officers
td prevent it.
Mr. BRIGHT. I shall not detain the Senate,
but I desire to say one word. There is" some-
thing very plausible in the remarks of the chair-
man of the Committee on Indian Affairs, that his
amendment proposes to refer the subject back to
the. committee with instructions to report what-
ever Mr. Thompson may be entitled to, provided
the assent of the Indians be first obtained. But,
sir, the Commissioner of Indian Affairs has
already said that Mr. Thompson is not entitled
to one dollar.
M^r. PUGH. I beg- the Senator's pardon.
Mr. BRIGHT. It is to be found in his letter
addressed to the President.
Mr. PUGH. I said I did not think he was
entitled to it, or that he had any claim to any-
thing, unless one third of the $92,000; but trie
Commissioner takes the very ground which the
• Senator from Arkansas stated.
Mr. BRIGHT. He may take that ground
now; but I assert that in his statement made to
the President, he said Mr. Thompson was not
entitled to one dollar.
Mr. PTJGH. On that contract.
Mr. BRIGHT. I am opposed to giving the
Commissioner of Indian Affairs jurisdiction over
this case.
Mr. b'EUASTlAN. The Senator misunder-
stands my proposition. It is not to refer the
case to the Commissioner, but to the Committee
on Indian Affairs.
Mr. BROWN. Why refer it to the commit-
tee? Have we not decided the case time and
ftgain?
Mr. BRIGHT. It is useless to re-refer it.
Mr. Thompson is wearied and worn out. He
has spent the last five years of his life in honestly
pursuing his rights. He wants nothing to which
tie is not entitled. He wants nothing which his
contract does not give him; and he does not even
insist on that. Under that contract he is entitled
to $80,000 ; Vut the committee, at the last ses-
sion, said he ought to have $40,000. He s-iid,
" Very welU I will take it." Even that is with-
held. The committer have reported now that he
is entitled to it as the law stands. The question
which the Semite are about to decide is, whether
they coiuur in that report of the committee ? [
desire to have a direct vote upon the point at
once, without recommitting it to the committee.
The PRESIDING OEPICER, (Mr. Eoo r m
the Chair.) The first question is on the motion
of the Senator from Arkansas to recommit with
instructions.
Mr. MALLORY. In explaining my vote upon
this question it is hardly necessary for me to refer
to the- remarks which have been thrown out, that
Senators should not be instigated or influenced
by bias towards the Commissioner of Indian
Affairs, or to Mr. Thompson. For myself I can
safely say, that I shall not be influenced by any
such bias, having scarcely any acquaintance with
the Commissionerjof Indian AiFairs,and not know-
ing Mr. Thompson even by sight. Rut in arriv-
ing at a conclusion on this question, I confess I
am influenced by the information which has been
brought before the Senate by the honorable Sen-
ator from Ohio; and I think the Senate should
be under obligations to him for the time, care,
and diligence which he has bestowed upon the
ca si\
I am influenced to some extent by the hon-
orable chairman of the Committee on Indian
Affahs. To that committee the Senate has re-
ferred this matter, and [ am quite convinced that
the chahman has given it mature consideration.
I see abundant reason for coinciding with his
suggestions. One reason is this: it has been cor-
rectly remarked that wo treat the Indians as our
wards. Prom my own experience of Indian
affairs { have scarcely ever known a contract be- i
tween Indians and white traders wheie, if fraud j
has boon committed, it has been committed by j
the Indians themselves. Resides, we appoint not >
only the agents for the Indians, but, in fact, ap-
point the chiefs themselves, and then negotiate
with our own agents, for we do make their chiefs.
; think it is a matter of the very first considera-
I tion that, when a dispute arises as to the eon-
i struction of a contract, a decent delay sh'ouldbe
j had to show the Indians, whose chief we appoint,
j that we are willing to hear their side of the ques-
tion. But there is more in this case, because
Congress undoubtedly intended that this money
should hot be paid unless with theassent of the
Indians; and it has been clearly shown, not only
that that assent, was not obtained, but that, in
open council, all their chiefs and braves present,
they most expressly repudiated the contract.
Now, it is said improper influences were brought
to bear on these Indians in council. It may be so;
I I will not undertake to say that it is not so, for I
i do not know enough of the transaction; but, if
! improper influenced were brought to bear, we can
very well atford to rc-refcr it. I should regret if
Mr. Thompson should be deprived of this money
through this delay, hut it is more important in
dealing with our Indians in the far West, that
we should convince them the Government will
always extend to them even-handed justice, and
hear their appeals in council, than that a thousand
Mr. Thompsons should be gratified by the pay-
ment of any private claim. It is far more impor-
tant, because it is not the mere sum of $40,000
that is at stake—it is, perhaps, an Indian war
upon your hands, because if we listen not to the
complaint of Indiaus in council, their very next
step is war.
What will be the consequence if we pay this
sum without listening to the Indians? Do you
not suppose they will come here and reclaim the
$40,000? Will they not have good ground?
Will they not toll you that they repudiated this
! claim ? With all the authority known to Indian
' customs and laws, they will say, they went in
j council, and bcfoie our own agents and commis-
. sionors, under our own act of Congress, repudi-
: ated the claim; and yet, without hearing them
[ again, we took the responsibility of paying it in
: deiiam e of them. Shall we not see the verv men
who are now asserting this claim here—I speak
with al! respect to them—acting, perhaps, as In-
dian agents to-morrow, to get a return of this
money to the Indians?
Now, on the principle of quantum meruit which
my fiiond from Illinois luts suggested, looking at
the case m that point of view, if I suppose the
services really performed by Mr. Thompson were
worth the money,1 should lay aside all these con-
siderations, because the Government could well
afford to pay him, and then pay the $40,000 over
! again to satisfy the Indians; but I think from
; what tlie Senator from Oluo has shown us, that
j the services performed were not sufficient to war-
rant this amount of money. I understand that
! he has been employed for about five years. If I
: am incorieet in that, lean be corrected. That is
I $8,000 a year. I see nothing in the exposition
i hero to-day by the Senator from Ohio, which
! would miluence me to give my vote for that
i amount, of motley. Anxious as I am that Mr.
! Thompson should receive every dollar he is en-
| titled to, I think the proposition of the chair-
| man of the Committee on Indian Allans fully
1 meets the contingency. Let the whole thing be
examined; and if improjjer influences have been
1 exercised on these. Indians, it can be ascertained,
■ and we can pay the money. 1 see no reason bo-
: lore the Senate, with this very grave dispute as
, to whether the Indians did or did not confirm
, thiscontiact, why,beforegoingfurther,weshould
' peiemptonly insist on paying the money.
! r The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Foot.)
i The first question is on recommitting the report,
; with tiie instructions proposed by the Senator
i from Arkansas, [Mr. Sebastian.]
| Mr. PUGH called for the yeas and nays; and
: they were ordered.
I Air. MALLORY". I have paired off with the
; Senator fiom Georgia, [Mr. Iverson,] who has
! nocvssciiUy left the Senate Chamber.
| The question being taken by yeas and nays,
I resulted—yeas 17, nays 17; as follows:
: YEAS — Me^rs. Brodhead, Butler, Cnllamer,
Dodge, j)nikef, Fe*>''jirfen, Fi-h. Foot. Hunter, Mason,
Push, Suha-tian, Trumbull, Wade, Wright.and Yulee—17.
NA\ S-~Alessrs. Adams, Bayard, Bell or' Tennessee, Big-
k'r, Biowm t)ouc!d.-\ liailan, Jones of Tennessee,
. Pearcc, Pratt, Keitf, Seward. Shrtell, Thompson of Ken-
I tucky, Toombs, and Weiler—17.
| ^ So the motion was not agreed to; and the ques-
: tion recurred on the adoption of the following
resolution, submitted by Mr. Toombs, from the
Committee on Indian Affairs:
Resolved, That the Senate agree to the report, and that
the said Richard W. Thompson is, in the opinion of the
Senate, entitled to he paid the sum appropriated bv the
twenty-seventh section of the civii and diplomatic appro-
priation act, approved March 3, 1855.
Mr. BUTLER. I cannot vote for that under
any circumstances. It is not a warrant to pay
money. It is one of those intimations which I dis-
like to see find its way from the Senate. It is an
inference, from what the committee has done, to
pay Mr. Thompson $40,000. I never can agree
to it. I do not believe he is entitled to $40$00,'
in the first place. If I am acting as one consti-
tuting a tribunal of chancery to take care of
wards, I should say it was an unconscionable
bargain, and would be so regarded m any court
of chancery. I cannot sanction it.
Mr. ADAMS. If I understand this question,
a law was passed at the last session, directing
this amount of money to be paid. It was dis-
covered, by going back into the proceedings be-
hind the law, that there was a proviso which was
not enrolled. The Depaitment, as I understand,
suspended the law, which, I think, they had no
right to do, and looked back behind the roll to
see how men voted. When the act received the
sanction of the President, it became the law of
the land. This resolution, as I understand, mere-
ly declares the opinion of the Senate, that the
law shall be executed as it was passed and signed
by the President of the United States. The con-
tract was a fair, bona Jide one, made in open day;
and no sensible lawyer, capable of prosecuting
such a claim, would make a contract to carry it
out as Mr. Thompson did, for that amount, un-
less he could have an assurance of success which
no man could have. I believe that Mr. Thomp-
son is entitled to his one third according te his
contract. If that were the proposition, 1 would
unhesitatingly vote for it. I shall vote in the
affirmative on this question.
Air. PUGH called for the yeas and nays; and
they were ordered.
Mr. MALLORY. As I before stated, I have
paired ofF with the Senator from Georgia.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I am requested to say
that the Senator froni Connecticut [Mr. Foster]
has been called away by indisposition.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 18, nays 1G; as follows:
"i 1SAS — Me.ssra. Adam?-, Bell of Tennessee, Bieler,
Bright, Brown, Douglas, Italian, Jones of Tennessee,
P *arce, Piatt, R<>ul, Seward, Shdeil, Thompson of Ken-
tucky, Toombs, Weller, Wilson, and Wriqht—18.
NAYS — Messrs Bigg.-*, Brodhead, Butler, CoIIamer,
.Dodge, Durkee, Fessenden, Fish, Foot, Hunter, Mason,
Pugh, Sebastian, Trumbull, Wade, and Yulee—16.
So the resolution was adopted.
ORDER OF BUSINESS—PERSONAL EXPLA-
NATION.
Mr. "WELLER. I move to take up the Pa-
cific railroad bill.
Mr. SLIDELL. I believe this is private bill
day, and there are some twenty or thirty bills on
the Calendar that can be passed without discus-
sion. I hope the regular business of the day will
be proceeded with.
Mr. WELLER. I shall certainly insist on
my motion. I have delayed calling for action on
the bill from day to day.
The PRESIDENT pro te.mpoi'e. The question
13 r? tJle of the Senator from California.
Mr. MALLORY. I ask if that is not devi-
ating from the regular orders of the day ? Are
not private bills the regular order of business for
h riday ?
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It is in the
power of a majority of the Senate to take up
whatever business they please, and the order
setting apart Friday for private bills was adopted
with that express understanding.
Mr. WELLER called for the yeas and nays on
his motion, and they were ordered; and being
taken, resulted as follows:
YEAS — Me^rs. Adams, Bell of Tennessee, Bi^Ier,
Bright, Brown, Clay, Dodge, Douglas, Dnrkee, Fessenden,
Foot, Hailan, Sebastian, Seward, Thompson of Kentucky,
Trumbull, Wade, Weller, Wilson, and Wright—20.
NAYS—Messrs. Biggs, Brodhead, Fish, Mallory, Pugh,
Reid, Slide]}, and Yulee—8.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. There is not
a quorum voting.
Mr. SEWARD. I move that the Senate
adjourn.
