«yC_P*I:
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 7.
I did not charge that you
Virat.cd "Rossirtlt bill' of exp6rise£f, and I do riot
tfnow exactly where he' commenced; but I sup-
pose he commenced with the bill of the Messrs.
Brown for those expenses. ^
Sir, we were at that time, I believe, m Gom-
Mittee 6f th6 Whole on 'the .state of the Union ,
aftd bad the amendments of the Senate to the civil
and diplomatic bill under consideration. One of
the amendments was to insert, on page 13, after
linl 289: " For contingent expenses of the Senate,
$137,775."
The remarks which I made on that occasion are
reported in the Congressional Globe, as follows:
" The Committee of Ways and Means, I believe, recom-
jrtend a! noli concurrence in this amendment. Before that
question is taken, though, I move to amend the proposition
-by striking out $137,775, and inserting $133,C208 68. I will
- submit the'facts of this case, so that each gentleman in the
House, with the facts before him, may vote as he thinks
proper. It will be recollected, by refcrcnce to the last civil
and diplomatic appropriation bill, that $150,000 were appro-
priated for ,the contuigont expenses of the Senate. An
account has been rendered showing how that money has
been expended. I will read it."
'then follows that bill of expenses, after which
I continued, as follows:
" The Senators, no doubt correctly, say that the expendi-
ture of their contingent fund is a matter with which the
House has nothing to do. I know that they are responsible
for it; but if I know how it is spent—the items? which com-
pose this $Q87,77o of contingencies in one year for the
Senate, I hold myself a^ much ic>ponsiblo for that expendi-
ture as those who voted it out of that fund, after they had
deceived it through the appropriation bill, into the hands of
their Secretary.
"Now, sir,"hyre is a bill paid to the Messis. Brown,
hotel-keepeis of this city, 1'or Louis Kossuth and his suite,
of$4.566 32. For that, I nfcver intend knowingly to vote,
directly or md rectly."
Mr. CAMPBELL
did.
Mr. JONES. I know that; but I think if the
gentleman will tax his memory he will have the
magnanimity to say that a majority of the mem-
bers upon this side of the House contested, inch
by inch, c\ery step of the progress of the intro-
duction of Louis ICossuth into this House.
Mr. CAMPBELL. No man resisted it with
more firmness than I did, and I resisted the pay-
ment of the bill.
Mr. JONES. I do not recollect distinctly what
position the gentleman occupied, but I know—
and it has not, perhaps, escaped his recollection—
that, in the Committee of the Whole, I occupied
the chair; and I will not recount here how that
resolution was introduced; how the rules were
violated and ridden over by a majority.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I wish to say one word.
The genllomnn did resist, as I thought then, and
now think, with great propriety, the introduction
into this liall of Louis Kossuth by a congres-
sional committee. I united withhimat the time,
notwithstanding the groat public excitement which
prevailed over the whole country and in my own
district. I thought it was a great national impro-
priety; but I call the attention of tlie gentleman
to the point I made—not against him—because
I recollect full well the remarks the honorable
gentleman made at the time of the reporting of
that bill, when he said he should resist the ap-
propriation; but the point which I made was,
that the appropriation bill providing tlie fund out
of which these items were paid, was supported
by the gentleman's party as a body. That is the
point.
Mr. JONES. If the gentleman will follow out
the proceedings upon that bill, he will find, in
every recorded vote upon it, that I, at least, was
one who voted against it.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I have no doubt of it; but
the gentleman's party voted for it; and that is
the charge I wish to make distinctly.
Mr. JONES. I am responsible only for my
vote. While I do not know how many of the
gentleman's party voted against it, I am very cer-
tain that a very large majority of them, upon this
floor, were in favor of the introduction of Kos-
suth, and sustained the appropriation to defray,
out of the Treasury of the United States, the ex-
penses of the first—and I trust in God it will be
the last—royal levee which has ever been held
within the precincts of Washington.
Mr. SMITH, of Tennessee. I rise to a ques-
tion of order.
< Mr. JONES. My colleague is very kind in
rising to a point of order, after sitting still, and
hearing the gentleman from Ohio discuss this
matter.
Sir. SMITH. Is riot my colleague through?
Mr. JONES. I cannot, sir, if the gentleman
from Ohio succeeds in getting up that resolution,
vote for it; and I trust the House will bear in
mind the reason which I assign for my course.
I know, as well as the gentleman froni Ohio and
other gentlemen here, that the Congress of the
United States has exclusive legislative jurisdiction
over this District; and when they exercise that
jurisdiction it is the local Legislature of this Dis-
trict; but when, under the Constitution, they act
in the capacity of the local Legislature of this
District, I do not feel myself authorized—I do
not feel myself justified—in coupling with it my
character of a national Representative, and putting (
my hand into the national Treasury—the money :
of which is collected from all the people of this '
country—and appropriating it for domestic pur-
poses, whatever they may be. If moneys nave
been appropriated for improvements upon private
property, no one can say that any vote of mine
did it.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I want to ask the gentle-
man one question: I ask him whether he did not
vote for an appropriation of $10,000,000 to pur-
chase the Mesilla Valley ? And I would like to
know of the gentleman in what part of the Con-
stitution he finds his authority to do that?
Mr. JONES. I do not consider myself bound
to answer all questions which the gentleman from
Ohio may see fit to put to me; nor to give him
the specific authority for all my votes upon this
floor. It is sufficient for him to know that I voted
for that appropriation, and for others, to buy
territory. I ask him if he, or his party, has ever
voted appropriations to pay for territory acquired
from another country ? I ask him if his party
has ever had nationality enough to do that?
Mr. SMITH, of Tennessee. I rise to a point
of order.
Mr. JONES. Well, let the gentleman state it.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I would like to answer
the question.
Mr. SMITH. I have delayed making my point
of order, in hopes that the gentlemen would get
through; but this whole debate is out of order,
bccausc it is not at all relevant to the election of
a public printer.
The SPEAKER. In the opinion of the Chair
the discussion is not relevant to the question be-
fore the House.
Mr. JONES. One word more.
The SPEAKER. The question before the
House is the motion to postpone until Monday.
Mr. JONES. I am willing to contribute to
the relief of the distress of this District out of
my own limited means, but I have no authority
to take the money, for that purpose, out of the
Treasury of the United States.
The SPEAKER. The question is on the
motion of the gentleman from Ohio to postpone
the further consideration of this subject till Mon-
day next.
Mr. JONES. I suppose the Chair has ruled
me out of order.
Tlie SPEAKER. The Chair has decided that
the subject under discussion is not relevant to the
question before the House.
Mr. JONES. I am well satisfied of that; and
I so informed the House and the Speaker when
I commenced. I hope that the House and the
Speaker will keep all gentlemen in order, and
strictly to the subject which maybe before them.
Mr. GREENWOOD. The rapidity with which
the gentleman from Ohio makes his motions pre-
sents a difficulty in my mind as to the true state
of questions befoie the House. I understood that
the gentleman from Ohio moves to postpone the
consideration of this resolution adopted yester-
day, for the purpose of going into the election of
a printer, until Monday next. I understood that
to be his first proposition. When the floor was
again assigned him, 1 understood that he moved
to lay the whole subject on the table.
Tlie SPEAKER. The motion to lay the whole
subject on the table was withdrawn.
Mr. GREENWOOD. The gentleman then
called the previous question. Do* I understand
from the Chair that the only question pending
before the House is the motion to lay on the ta-
ble the whole subject as to the election of a
printer?
^ The SPEAKER. The question is on the mo-
tion to postpone the consideration of the resolution
till Monday. The gentleman from Ohio with-
drew his other proposition.
Mr. GREENWOOD. I would have been glad
to have had an opportunity to have said a word
or two oh the subject of the joint resolution which
the gentleman from Ohio wishes to have taken
from the Speaker's table; but if, under the rules
of the House, the Chair supposes that it is not
now in order to speak on that subject, I desire,
when it comes up, with the permission of the
gentleman from Ohio, or of whomever seems
to have the matter in charge, to propose a sub-
stitute for the joint resolution, which will appeal
to the generosity and charity of the members of
this House, and not have recourse to the public
Treasury.
Mr. McMTJLLIN". I desire to plac6 myself
right as to a matter of fact. The gentleman from
Ohio (and it is not my purpose to inquire into his
motives) rose to make a charge against this side
of the House, that we had voted for appropria-
tions to defray the expenses here of Kossuth and
his suite. Now that gentleman knows as well as
any other member of this House, that I was one
of those who, on that occasion, denounced the
appropriation.
The SPEAKER. If the gentleman will par-
don the Chair—as the question of order has been
raised—the Chair must decide that this discussion
is not relevant to the question now before the
House.
Mr. McMULLIN. I am aware of that"; but I
desired to correct an error in facts.
The SPEAKER. It is not in order to debate
this question unless by general consent.
Mr. McMULLIN. I will not occupy two
minutes of the time of the House.
The SPEAKER. If there be no objection the
gentleman will proceed.
No objection was made.
Mr. McMULLIN. The gentleman from Ohio
must have remembered that the gentleman from
Alabama [Mr. Smith] and myself were among
the few members who took ground against this
appropriation to defray the expenses of Kossuth.
I stated expressly, that if the proposition came
here I would oppose it; and I did oppose it. I
was against it. I do not remember what Demo-
crats voted for it; but I state the fact, that for
myself I was opposed to it then, and would be
to a similar proposition to-day; and it is too
late for the gentleman from Ohio to arraign me
as to that matter. 1 repeat, that I was against
that appropriation, and I thank God that I was.
I declared on the floor of this House, that it was
impertinent in Kossuth, who was invited to come
to this country in a Government vessel, to attempt,
having arrived here, to dictate to the American
people.
Air. SMITH, of Tennessee. I do not intend
to discuss any question before the completion of
the organization of the House, and I hope that
every member of the House will refuse to further
obstruct this branch of Congress by retarding
organization. 1 therefore call for the previous
question.
The SPEAKER. Perhaps it is proper for the
Chair to «ay that, if the previous question be
ordered, it cuts off, under the rules of the House,
the motion to postpone.
Mr. STANTON. I move to lay the resolu-
tion on the table.
Mr. HOUSTON. On that I call for the yeas
and nays.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will state the
question. The proposition before the House is
a icsolution ordering the election of a public
printer. The gentleman from Ohio moves to
postpone the further consideration of that ques-
tion till ATonday next. The gentleman from'
Tennessee [Air. Smith] calls for the previous
question, which cuts off the motion to postpone.
The gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Stanton7] moves
to lay the resolution on the table, which cuts off
all the other motions; and, on the motion to lay
the resolution on the table, the gentleman from
Alabama [Mr. Hou&roa] calls for the yeas and
navs.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I move that
the House do now adjourn.
Air. McMULLIN. On that motion I call for
tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs Washburxe
