3T4
TP Tffp CWGftESSIONAL GLOBE.
[April 4,
34th Cong.... 1st Sess.
Affairs tn Kansas—Mr. Collamer.
Senate.
ceded were chosen in this violent and illegal
maimer. We know how they were elected. I
have shown you how a large majority of them
■were elected. How could their own acts make
themselves legal? .
I do not desire to use any language of violence
in relation to this matter; but when the mind is
convinced that a wrong, an outrage has been
committed, it is exceedingly difficult to speak
of it with entire equanimity of temper and with
weighed words. To my mind, if there be any
truth in the view which! have taken, this trans-
action deserves to be regarded as the most unjus-
tifiable atrocity ever committed in abuse of the
forms of law. In the argument which I have
presented, I have submitted official papers toprove
my position. I have alluded to there turns made
at the time, and my argument is based on them.
It may be, however, that there has been some
exaggeration in the reports afloat in the world
upon the question. This is probable, for there
is hardly a subject of much agitation when it is
Bot the case. J do not see, however, how such
reports could destroy the character of the testi-
mony which I have presented.
The Legislature being thus composed, what
were its acts? What were the nature and char-
acter of its proceedings? I have no desire un-
necessarily to consume time, but there are two
or three laws passed by the Legislature to which
I mqst call the attention of the Senate. They
passed a law fbringthe condition of election, and
they provided that if any man, on being required
to do so, would not take an oath to support and
maintain the fugitive slave law, he should not be
entitled to vote. This I call the law of disfran-
chisement.
I shall enter upon no discussion of the merits
of the fugitive slave laws of 1793 and 1850. I
shall reserve any remarks which I might feel dis-
posed to make on that point, to a suitable and
proper occasion. This is a new example in the
nistory of legislation in many of its aspects. In
the first place, it is an undertaking, on the part
of a Territorial Legislature, to affix penalties and
consequences to a law of the United States which
that law has never prescribed. When a man is
guilty of breaches of that law, the act itself pre-
scribes the punishment to which he is liable—
heavy fines, and, perhaps, imprisonment. Now,
by what authority can a State, much less a Ter-
ritory, take upon itself, by its own legislation,
-to add to the extent of penalties which Congress
lias provided? Congress has not declared that
if a man breaks that law he should be disfran-
chised as a citizen, and prevented from voting.
Not only has it notpassed, but it never can pass
such a provision. Yet this so-called Legislature
of Kansas Territory, in utter excess of power,
by an abuse of authority, undertook to make such
legislation as this.
It has other aspects worse than that which I
have just presented. I have spoken of the power
of affixing penalties to a breach of the law; but
this legislation goes further and says that, though
a man never proposed to break the law, if he
does not take an oath to sustain it, and do what-
ever it may require in the future, he shall be dis-
franchised. You might as well compel a man to
jswear to support the revenue laws, or any other
laws, before allowing him to vote. We know
why this particular law was selected. Sir, this
is a shibboleth.
Why was this selected as the shibboleth ? We
Jcnow the reason. There are many gentlemen,
in some parts of the country, who believe that
-the fugitive slave law is hardly constitutional.
Gentlemen who are friends of that law may not 1
look at this.view, butl can assure them thatgen- j
tlemen of great intellectual and legal powers so i
consider it. Vast proportions of the people of ;
our country entertain great doubts as to its con-
stitutionality. There are duties prescribed in it
which are repulsive to many men. For instance,
a commissioner is authorized to appoint any man
vhom he pleases, as an officer to execute his
warrant, and seize persons alleged to be fugitive
■laves. Sir, is it possible that if a commissioner
should choose to appoint the venerable Senator
fropi Michigan, and give him his warrant to go
and seize a slave, he would pledge himself under
.an oath to do so? Would he be willing to take
j an oath himself, or to require his fellow-men to
; take an oath that they would do it? No, sir.
This particular statute was selected, because it
was a law in the nature of apolitical test, to some
extent. They might just as well have taken any
other political test, if they could find one which ;
ran across the field and separated the parties of i
the country. It was invented for this purpose. It
was a political shibboleth. It may be a pleasant
thing to a man, for the time being, to nave all ,
the people of the United States sworn to support
his platform, and not be allowed to vote unless
they do so; but there are few reflecting men who
would be willing to announce such a principle. If
a man adopts this principle to-day, when ne is in
the mjyjority, there is no knowing where he may
be placed the next day. What would be said if
it were undertaken to provide that before a man
should vote he must take an oath to support the
resolutions of 1798? Let us go further, and sup-
pose it were proposed to swear him to support
the last American platform, or to support the
forthcoming Republican platform when it shall
get out, what would be tnought of it? Sir, the
whole thing is preposterous in all its forms. It is
an abuse of legislative power which is absolutely
intolerable. "What is to be its effect ? We know
very well the effect which it was designed to have.
There is another law passed by this Legisla-
ture to which I shall refer. I shall not quote it
in detail, but itprovides substantially that if any
man shall put forth the sentiment that persons
have not the right to hold slaves, although there
is no law in the Territory authorizing it, he shall \
be subject to the penalties and punishment, j
! What does that mean ? It incorporates into their ,
! law the doctrine that the right to hold slaves j
there is antecedent and paramount to, and inde-
pendent of, any law of the Territory. I read yes-
terday the language of the Kansas-Nebraska act, j
providing, expressly, that slavery was not legis-
lated in or out of the Territory, and leaving it to I
1 the people to regulate it as they please. Under
[ j this enactment, what would be the first question
i which the people would naturally ask, when they
j j came to talk about thip great subject which has
been carefully, in studiea and guarded language, j
left to them for settlement ? Suppose I haa gone
into that Territory as a farmer to settle, and the
honorable gentleman from Missouri had settled
there as a lawyer. Seeing that it was my duty
to take a part in the settlement of the question of
slavery, which was left to the people of the Ter-
ritory, 1 would of course first desire to know
what the existing law was. It would be neces-
sary to know this in order to see what law it was
necessary to make. Suppose I should go to the
honorable gentleman from Missouri as a lawyer,
and gravely put to him the question, " can a man j
hold slaves in this Territory withoutalawauthor-
izing it. " As a lawyer, he is sworn to support
the laws of the Territory. He says to me " I
will say nothing about it." "I respond "I want
] your opinion.as a lawyer, and I am willing to pay
■ for it. He reads to me the language of.fc certain
! statute of the Territory, providing that if he
| should express a certain opinion he would be
liable to severe penalties.
What would you give for a lawyer's opinion
with a halter 'about his neck ? The Object, the
purpose, the clear intent and meaning of this
statute was to say to the people, " you shall not
debate this question," a.question which lies in
limine, the first one which ought to be settled in
order to arrive at a proper conclusion in regard to
the point submitted to the decision of the people. '
The former territorial law to which I alluded, I
called the law of disfranchisement. This. I call
the gag law. j
Another statute has been passed by tl>is so- :
called Legislature which itis equally important fbr !
us to notice, because we are looking for what we !
ought to do. It is provided that every man njay j
vote at any future election who is a resident at
the time—no length of residence is fixed—-pro-
vided he has paia a tax in the Territory- We
are told that this is a cautious tind guarded elec-
tion law. How so ? If a man goes over from
Missouri, and .takes up a residence of an hour,
and pays a tax, he may vote. It is provided that
the sheriff ehall-attend at the polls at every elec-'
tion, with his book, and receive the poll-tax from 1
every man who tenders it, and shall give him a
receipt. A man may come from Missouri an hour
before and say, " l have paid my tax; here is my
receipt, and I am a resident," and then he would
have a right to vote.
Can any man on earth possibly avoid perceiv-
ing the purpose of this provision? It was enacted
for the purpose of allowing persons to come over
from Missouri and control tne elections in Kan-
sas, when and as often as they please.
I shall not go through other objectional features
in the territorial laws, depriving the people of
the power of electing their officers, appointing
them by the Legislature, and deferring their elec-
tion for long periods. I shall not allude to these
matters, because I wish to keep the three laws to
which I have referred, perfectly in view.
Now, Mr. President, in what a condition do
these enactments leave the people of the Terri-
tory ? We can all see their purpose. It is to
drive out every man who entertains the opinion
that Kansas ought to be a free Territory, and a
free State; or, if he cannot be driven out, to sub-
ject him entirely to the influence of persons in
Missouri. The people are bound hand and foot.
They are subjugated, as much so as the Romans
were when the Samnites had them in the Caudine
forks. They were subjugated; they passed under
the yoke, and history says they were stripped of
all but one garment. This is the condition in
which these people are left. They call upon us
to correct this violence and usurpation, ana to re-
move these tyrannical laws from them. They are
told that they can go on and correct all this in the
next election.
Is it possible that they are to be treated with
such a species of mockery? It is like tying a
man, head and foot in a net, and throwing him
out to the world, and telling him to help himself.
Make an election! " Why, I cannot pronounce
your shibboleth." Make an election about the
subject of slavery! "You would not let roe
agitate it. You would not even let pie compare
notes with my neighbor in relation to our notions
about it." Sir, how is itpossible for these peo-
ple to make an election ? They cannot pronounce
your shibboleth; they are not permitted to discuss
the subject about which an election is to be held.
The' provisions of the election law of the Terri-
tory, to which I have alluded, would enable Mis-
sourians now, without violence, according to the
forms of law, to go into the Territory and outvote
the inhabitants at their pleasure.
Then, there is no measure of redress in thp
idea of leaving it to the people to be settled by
another election. If they cannot be relieved in
that way, can they not be allowed hereafter to
make a constitution and State government for
themselves ? But will not that be an election ?
Must they not choose delegates to the convention
j to make that constitution ? Will it not be subject
to the same difficulties? They must choose those
men under these very laws. The bill before the
Senate provides that, when they shall have a pop-
ulation of ninety-three thousand, they may pro-
ceed to form a convention and make a State con-
stitution to be presented to Congress. "Who is
to elect delegates to th&t convention? You are
brought bade again to the same condition of
things. You throw them into the same position
in which they are now. You require them to
make bricks without straw. You oblige them to
make an election when the existing laws Will not
permit them to have a free election.
The people of Kansas thus conditioned desired
to obtain some relief. Where were they to look
for it ? Surely, not in the administration of the
| laws to which I have alluded by a court. A court
['cannot help the statute; it must carry it out.
Could they look for redress to the Executive of
the United States ? The President tells us plainly
that he has po power to correct usurpation. It
would, however, seem to me that, when the Presi-
dent was informed of the acts of the people of Mis-
souri, and which he <£ills in his message "illegal
"and reprehensible?' if he foilnd the Executive
without the power to redress, as he intimates, he
should have presented the same to Congress, rec-
ommending the propfer measures for redress. He
does no sitch thine. He distinctly tells us there
is no relief to be ,had from him, and that those
laws, such as I have described theni, will be
