THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN C. RIVES, WASHINGTON, 5. C.
Thirty-Fourth Congress, 1st Session.
MONDAY, AUGUST 11, 1856.
New Series No. 125.
Mr. BIGLER. I desire to make a very brief
personal explanation in relation to the presiden-
tial election.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Does the
Senator from New York withdraw his motion?
Mr. SEWARD. Certainly.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair
cannot entertain a motion, or hear any remarks,
until a quorum is present.
Mr. UIGLER, This is not business. I pro-
pose only to make a very brief explanation.
Mr. DOUGLAS. Itcan be done by unanimous
consent.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair
hears no objection.
Mr. BfGLER. When in the neighboring
Commonwealth of New Jersey the other day, I
encountered a story to this effect: that I had
expressed to the Senator from Massachusetts
the opinion, that the result of the presidential
election m Pennsylvania was a matter of doubt
between Mr. Buchanan and Colonel I^remont.
When f returned here yesterday evening the same
story met me. This morning it met me from the
mouth of a very distinguished man. For that
reason I have thought it right to call the attention
of the Senator from Massachusetts to this rumor,
and 1 ask him to do me the justice to state what
foundation there is for it, if any ?
Mr. WILSON. The Senator from Pennsyl-
vania never expressed to me, and I never heard
from any source whatever, that he entertained
any such doubts. I never heard anything about
the matter at all. 1 do not know when the story
originated, where it came from, or who is circu-
lating it. It is a matter of which 1 have never
heard anything from any source except the Sen- '
ator himself. |
Mr. BIGLER. The statement of the Sen- \
ator from Massachusetts is entirely satisfactory. '
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. This is out '
of order. There is no question before the Senate,
and this is not an explanation growing out of de-
bate in this body.
Mr. BIGLER. I simply desired to say that at
no time have I entertained or expressed any such
doubts.
Mr. SEWARD. 1 r^new my motion.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate ad-
journed.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
, Friday, August 8, 1856.
The House metateleven o'clock, a. m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. Daniel Waldo.
CALL OF THE HOUSE.
There appearing not to be a quorum present,
Mr. CUMBACK moved a call of the House.
The motion was agreed to.
The roll was called; and the following mem- |
bers failed to answer to their names: Ji
Messrs. Baiksdale, Henry Bennett, Hendley S. Bennett,
Bingham, Boeoek, Boyee, Btook=, Hmhngnme, Ca^kie,
Chiids, Bayaid Clarke, dawson, llowell Cobb, Ciaicre,
Cullen, Henry Winter Davis, De Witt, Dickson, Dowdoll,
Duifee, Edniundrfon, Elliott, Eusti^, Flagler, Florence,
Ilen.y M. Fuller, Thomas J. I). Fullei, Augustus Hall,
Robert B. Hall, J. Morii&on Harris, Haven, Hoffman, Keitt,
Kelly, Kenneu, Kidwell, King, Lake, Lmdlej, Lumpkin,
Mace, McMulIin, McUueen, Moore, Mordecai Ohvei, Orr,
Packer, Paine, Paiker, Pel ton, Pennington, Pettit, Poiter,
Ready, Rieaud, Richard>on, Roberts, Rust, Sandidge, Sav-
age. Scott, William It. Smith, Stephens, Stewart, Strana-
han, Undeiwood, Wakeman, Walker, Wmslow, Darnel B.
Wright, and John V. Wught.
Mr. COX stated that his colleague, Mr. Un-
derwood, was detained from his seat by sick-
ness.
One hundred and fifty-seven members having
answered to their names, further proceedings
under the call were dispensed with, and the
Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
MESSAGE FROM THE SENATE.
A message was received from the Senate, by
Mr. Dickins, its Secretary, notifying the House
that tke Senate had passed a resolution (S. No.
36) for enlarging the custom-house, post office,
and court-house at Detroit, Michigan, in which
125
he was directed to ask the concurrence of the
House.
Also, that the Senate had passed bills of the
following titles:
An act (H. R. No. 153) making appropriations
for the support of the Army for the year ending
the 30th of June, 1857, with an amendment.
An act (H. R. No. 20) for the relief of Robert
Mitchell.
An act (H. R. No. 352) to confirm to certain
persons therein named their titles to certain lots
in Prairie du Chien, Wisconsin.
ANDREW H. REEDER.
The SPEAKER announced the business in
order to be reports of private bills from the Com-
mittee of Elections.
Mr. WASHDURN, of Maine, from the Com-
mittee of Elections, reported the following reso-
lution:
Resolved, That the Clerk of thin House be directed to pay
out of the House contingent fund to Andiew H. Reedei,
late claiming a beat in this Ilou^e as Delegate !iom Kan-
sas, hi4! mileage and per diem to the day when Ins memorial
was decided upon.
Mr. MILLER, of Indiana. I hope the gen-
tleman from Maine will first allow me to move
to discharge the Committee of the Whole from
the further consideration of bill JNTo. 1:23, for the
purpose of having it put upon its passage.
The SPEAKER. It can only be done by gen-
eral consent.
Mr. MILLER. Then I hope the House will
give its conscnt.
Objection was made.
Mr. PHELPS. I rise to a question of order
on the resolution submitted. First, it is not a
private bill, and therefore not in order to be sub-
mitted; and next, it is not a question of privilege,
and therefore not to be now considered.
Mr. WASIIBURiN7. Jt is a private bill 
The SPEAKER, (interrupting.) The ques-
tion is not debatable. The rule of the House
sets apart to-day and to-monow for the consid-
eration of private bills and private bu«incsw. If
the Chair has caught the reading of the resolu-
tion properly, this is a resolution for the relief
of an individual.
Mr. PHELPS. It. is neither a bill nor a joint
resolution. It is merely a House resolution.
The SPEAKER. It is not necessary that it
should be in the form of a bill or joint resolution.
It is private business, and is privileged this day,
under the rules.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. It cannot be put
upon the ground of a claim; no such resolution
ever has been here put upon that ground.
The SPEAKER. The Chair is of opinion |
that the resolution is in order. 1
Mr. WASHBURN. I move the previous j
question. |
Mr. HOUSTON. I rise to a point of order, j
The Committee of Elections lias a right, as I '
understand it, to report at any time privileged
matter relating to a member of the House. I
do not understand—and 1 make that point of
order—that theie is anything in this resolution
connected with the rights of a member to his soot
on this floor, and, therefore, the Committee of
Elections has no more right to report it—not
being privileged matter—than any other commit-
tee would have.
Mr. CUMBACK. 1 rise to a point of order.
Mr. HOUSTON. 1 am stating a point of
order.
Mr. CUMBACK. The gentleman is stating
a point of order which has just been ruled on by
the Chair.
Mr. HOUSTON. I am attempting to draw the
Speaker's attention towiiat I regard as a distinc-
tion between matter that goes before the Com-
mittee of Elections, not relating to the right of a
member to Ins seat, and matter relating to such
right. The former is not privileged matter.
'The SPEAKER. The Chair recognizes the
distinction made by the gentleman from Ala-
bama, but the resolution is not presented on that
ground. The Chair asked for reports on private
business from the standing and select committees
of the House. It is not received as a privileged
report, but as regular private business from one
of the standing committees.
Mr. HOUS TON. Then let the committees't>8
called in regular order.
The SPEAKER. This is the first committee,
and was called m regular order
Mr. HOUSTON. I present this point of order.
By reference to the 77th rule, the Speaker will
| see that the Committee of Elections have author-
| ity to report upon no new matter. Now, sir, I
I submit that it has not been referred to the Com-
! mittee of Elections to inquire into the propriety
j of giving Governor Reeder his per diem and mile-
i age; and therefore, under the rules, the committee
; have no authority over the subject.
The SPEAKER. The gen'tlvman from Ala-
bama will see that this is a subject incident to the
contested election relating to Kansas.
Mr. HOLSTON. This matter has never been
referred to them.
The SPEAKER. This particular matter has
never been referred to them, but the Chair thinks
the resolution cannot be properly objected to on
the ground mentioned by the gentleman from
Alabama, bccause it is a matler incident to a case
which was properly referred to them.
Mr. WAbHBUfoV. I demand the previous
question upon the adoption of the resolution.
Mr. CRAWFORD. I move that the resolu-
tion be laid upon the table; and upon thatmotion
I demand the veas and nays.
! The yeas nnd nays were ordered,
j Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. 1 desire to know
j what is the time referred to in that resolution?
! The resolution is so vague, it is impossible to tell
i from the reading.
The SPEAKER. The Chair is unable to
i answer the gentleman.
! Mr. PHELPS. I desire to inquire whether
1 the object of this resolution is not to pay a gen-
' Ueman who did not claim to be elected underany
] law ? [Cries of " Order !" " Order! '*]
1 The SPEAKER. Debote is not in order.
: The question was taken on Mr. Crawford's
: motion: and it was decided in the negative—yeas
I 7o, nays 98; as follows:
' YEAS—Messrs. Aiken, Bell, Hendley S. Bennett, Bowie,
; Bruoelt, iJioom, Burnett, C'adnalader, John P. Campbell,
! UaiiiJe. Clingman. Williamson R. XV. Cobb, Cox, Ctaw-
! foul, Davidson, Henry Winter Davis, Denver, Dowdell,
, Dunn, KnglHi, Evans, Faulkner, Fo*ter, Goode, Grcen-
J wood, J. Morrison Harris tfamp-on W. Harris, Thomas
j li. Ham:?, ILunsOn, Herbert. Uofnnan, liou-ton, George
j W. Jone-, Keitt, Letcher, Luidlev, Alexander K. Marshall,
: Humphrey 3iar.-!iall, £nmnel S. Mars-nail, MavwelJ, Mc-
j Glueen, Stnuii Miller, Millson, Monkcai Oliver, Peck,
■ Phelps, Poller, Powell, Piuyent, CAuitmrm, Reade, Ready,
] kiehard'-o!), Riveis*, Ruf.m, £e\v;trJ, tfhoiter, Samuel A.
t ^muli, William Sm'th, William It. Sinitn, Saeed, Stewart,
T,iIIk>u, Tn\lor, Tnppe, Vail, Vulk, Winner,
| WatKin^, Wheeler, Whniie\, Darnel 15. Wxight, John V.
| Wie.'ht, and Zoliieofier—
i NAYr1—M< Albuk'i't, Allien, Ball, Barbour, Ben-
: pon, Hii!in<;h:i'->t, lilies, OMibhnw, Jlrijnton, Bumnton,
! J.vines II. Campbell, Lewis f>. Campbell, Chaffee, Ezra
V-laik, Claws-on, Colfax, Coming Covode, Ojagni, Cum-
i back, Tiii'-nf'-U, '5'iinoihy Davi<>, Deaii, Dick, Dickson, Dodd,
j Du't'-e, L,ue, Eilwaiu-, Kmne, Flagler, Galloway, Gid-
! dings, Gilbert, Changer, Grow, PlarJan, Hickman, Hollovvay,
Valentine B. lloiton, Howard, IlujlVton, Kelsey, King,
' Knapp. Knight, Ivnovvlton, Knox, Kunkel, Leiier, Maee,
' Manet-on, McCairy, Meaebam, Killian Millei, MiHward,
! Morgan, Moinll, Molt, Muim>, NicliHs, Noiton, Andrew
! Ohvvr, Patker, Peaiee, Peiton, Perry. Pike, Pmigle, Purvi-
i ance, Ritclne, Robbsiw, Hobi^on, Sabm, Sage, Sapp, Slier-
! man, Simmons, spinner, Stanton, btianahan, Tapnan,
Tboiington, Thurston, Todd. Tiauon,Tys-on, Wade, Wal-
i bndse, Wakbon, Cadwalader C. Washburue, Ellihu B,
i \Va^hbu-ne, Israel Wai-liinun, Watson, Welch, Wood,
j Woodruli', and Woodwottii—9S.
i So the House refused to lay the resolution upon
i the table.
j The previous question was seconded; and the
| main question ordered to be put.
j Mr. CARLILE demanded the yeas and nays
j upon the adoption of the resolution.
'The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the affirmative—yeas 103, nays 82; as follows:
VEAS — Messrs. Albright, Allison, Ball, Barbour, Bar-
clay, Benson, P.illinghnrst, Bliss, Bratishaw, Brenton, Bu£-
finton, James H. Campbell, Lewis D. Campbell, Chaffee,
