1112
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 6,
trade of any one section of the Union was of im-
portance to every other section of the Union.
They have supported every such measure if it
stood on grounds of national policy, and as well
supported by the principles of the Constitution.
While I do not mean to enter into the discus-
sion of this question, it may not be amiss for me
to state the leading grounds upon which river
and harbor improvement bills are based, and the
powers supposed to be given by the Constitution
ior-the encouragement of such works, inasmuch
as I have heard nothing said at the present session
of Congress upon that subject, although the rea-
sons on which such appropriations have been
opposed have been well and, I may say, rather
powerfully illustrated. I shall confine myself to
the statement of two or three general facts on this
point. Soon after the Government of the United
States went into operation under the present
Constitution, in the First Congress, an act was
passed which is an exercise of the same power
for which those who advocate these improve-
ments contend. The First Congress, composed
of the framers of the Constitution and of contem-
porary statesmen, gave such a construction to
the powers of the instrument. One of the first
acts of the First Congress was to pay for all the
improvements, lights, bcacons, and buoys in the
various harbors and inlets in the United States,
for the express purpose of giving increased facility
and safety to the coast navigation.
Again, sir, the appropriations annually made
by this Government now for increasing the facil-
ities and promoting the safety of the navigation
of the shores, harbors, bays, and inlets on the
Atlantic coast, are $1,250,000—or I might prob-
ably say with safety, $1,500,000. Your coast
survey, which is altogether for that purpose, costs
between $350,000 and $400,000. Your light-
house establishment costs you $1,250,000 an-
nually, besides your appropriations for the con-
struction of new light-nouses, or the building of
new light-boats. All this is done, either under
that provision of the Constitution which giv< s
Congress the power to regulate commerce, or that
which gives tnem power to provide for the com-
mon defense, whether military or naval. If you
consider these appropriations as made under (he
commercial power, you have the same authonty
over the interior of the country as on the sea-
coast. To Congress is given the power " to reg-
ulate commerce," internal and external. You
may consider the authority as derived from the
war power. Then, if you regard these appropri-
ations on the sea-coast as necessary to give safety
and facility to the military marine in the naviga-
tion of the coast, as a measure of public defense,
have you not, under the same power, the right to
improve and render safe the navigation of your
great interior arteries of communication for the
transportation of troops and military supplies in
time of war ?
Nearly two millions of dollars are annually ap-
propriated on the Atlantic coast for the improve-
ment of the bays and inlets there, and the con-
struction and maintenance of light-houses for the
purpose of facilitating and giving ease and safety
to the commerce of the Atlantic coast, and at the
same time you refuse to give one dollar for the
commerce of the interior. I do not know exactly
how to estimate the internal commerce of these
States if you exclude from consideration the coast-
wise commerce; but it is not unfair to say that
the internal trade of the States west of the Alle-
ghany Mountains is worth live times as much as
your whole foreign trade. There may be some
hazard perhaps in going to this extent; but cer-
tainly any one who reflects or considers the sub-
ject for a moment cannot doubt that it is worth
more than double or treble your foreign trade.
Still, sir, there is a party in this country who,
while they sit here, and make no objection to ap-
propriations for external trade, obstinately refuse
to give a dollar for the improvement of the ni-
"ternal communications of the country. This is
most extraordinary.
Sir, we have heard a great deal of late about
reform in the practice of this Government on
many points, m order to bring the Government
back to the observance of the principles of
equality and justice between the different States.
Is not this a case for the exercise of those princi-
ples? Give to the States of the great West and
of the interior of the pountry, the same benefits
and advantages under the Constitution that you
give to those East, on the Atlantic coast. Why
withhold them? The honorable Senator from
Virginia, [Mr. Hunter,] with whom my friend
from Mississippi [Mr. Adams] unites on this
occasion—I do not know on what principle, un-
less it be from very strict notions of constitu-
tional construction—is ever ready to rise to test
the question, how far you will support appropri-
ations for the harbors on the lakes and rivers in
the West. I should like any gentleman who op-
poses these measures, whether he comes from the
South-west or from the Atlantic States, to point
out any substantial, sensible difference between
the powers of this Government to appropriate
money for rendering safe the navigation of bays
and inlets on the Atlantic coast, and to give the
same degree of safety and the same increased
facilities to the navigation either of the lakes or
of the great rivers of the interior.
Sir, I shall not pursue the general subject
further. My principal object in rising was, to
ask the honorable Senator from Michigan to state
on what grounds this bill is based. I desire par-
ticularly to know whether there is a survey and
examination by the proper officers, as has been
usual when a proposition is made to construct
new harbors. I wish to know whether there is
a report and estimate from the proper Depart-
ment. If these points be satisfactorily answered,
I am ready to vote for this work, provided it
stands on such grounds as usually justify such
appropriations; otherwise, however favorable I
may be to appropriations for the lakes and rivers
of the interior, I am not prepared to vote forany
measure that is proposed by members, without
having had that preliminary examination and
survey which we have generally considered as
proper and necessary.
Mr. STUART. 1 can state, in a few words,
the facts m this case. This harbor is one on Lake
Superior, and there can be none more national in
its character. The Senator's remarks in regard
to national works are eminently applicable to this
case. Lake Superior is the laigest lake in the
Union. The center of the lake is the boundary
line between the United States and the British
Provinces. I have seen this harbor myself. It is
a highly important one for purposes of shelter for
the commerce of the whole country. The local
business of the place is only in its incipient stage;
but it is destined to be very large. That, how-
ever, I consider to be a secondary point.
This case stands on peculiarly strong ground.
I cannot present-to the SgKite separately the sur-
vey which has been maoc, because it was con-
nected with the general surveys of the lake coast.
The harbor has been examined; surveys have
been made; a plan of improvement has been
adopted; and, better than all that, the citizens of
the county where Marquette is situated have sub-
scribed $25,000 themselves for the construction
of this harbor, and are now engaged in laying it
out. If Senators have given their attention to
this bill, they will have perceived that it provides
another $25,000, and limits the whole cost of the
work to that amount, by the requirement that the
money stall not be expended except by the Sec-
retary of War first letting the contract to com-
plete the work to a competent person, with suffi-
cient sureties to be indorsed by him, according to
apian adopted by him, forthc amountthus appro-
priated. The object of the committee, in this
case, was to furnish this smnll amount of aid to
the praiseworthy effort of the citizens there to
construct a harbor which should be safe for the
whole commerce of the lakes. This, in brief, is
the condition of the bill.
Mr. BELL, of Tennessee. Was that exam-
ination and survey made by authority of the Gov-
ernment?
Mr. STUART. Yes, sir.
Mr. CASS. There has been a general survey
of the lakes, and proper points for harbors have
been recommended.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I wish to ask a
question of the Senator from Michigan, [Mr.
Stuart.] How many of the bills now before
the Senate are for improvements m the State of
Michigan? and what amount of money is pro-
posed to be appropriated for those objects?
Mr. STUART. I can answer (just as well, I
suppose, as the honorable Senator himself could)
by looking at the Calendar. On an examination
of the Calendar, I think there are eleven bills for
improvements within the State of Michigan, cov-
ering a lake coast of nearly two thousand miles.
But two of those appropriations are for Lake
Superior, in its whole length. The others are for
LakesHuron,Erie,and Michigan. The State of
Michigan is almost surrounded by these lakes.
The amounts proposed to be appropriated are
comparatively small. I have not footed up the
sum, but I think there is no case which goes be-
yond $50,000. The appropriations range from
$20,000 to $50,000. The whole of them, I think,
is less than the single appropriation made by the
bill for the improvement of the mouths of the
Mississippi. That is my recollection, but I
cannot speak on precise data. The bill which
has just been passed, and this bill, provide for
harbors on Lake Superior, and each appropriates
$25,000. There is another bill appropriating
§10,000 for a harbor on Lake Huron; another
$20,000 to complete the piers at Monroe; another
$20,000 or $25,000 for the harbor at St. Joseph;
and $40,000 for two other places; $50,000 is the
largest amount, and that is proposea to be appro-
priated at Grand river.
The Senator will see this by an inspection of
the bills. I confess that I have experienced many
difficulties from time to time on this question, and
I finally asked the Committee on Commerce, in
all of the cases appropriated for in the State of
Michigan, to provide for the completion of the
works for the amount appropriated.
Now, sir, while I think there is a great objec-
tion to discussing this question, so far as I am
concerned, on account of the delay to which it will
lead, I must trespass on the Senate for a moment
further. So far as my attention has been drawn to
the subject, the Topographical bureau lay down
the same plan in all cases—a plan which covers a
cost of one hundred thousand or one hundred and
fifty thousand dollars. In my judgment that plan,
in its extent, is unnecessary in many cases—for
this reason; where they have estimated for such
a plan as that, covering one hundred and thirty
thousand, or one hundred and forty thousand, or
one'hundred and fifty thousand dollars, I have
asked the Committee on Commerce to limit it to
forty thousand or fifty thousand dollars; and we
have incorporated into the bills a provision that
the War Department shall not expend the money
until they agree upon a plan which willfinish tlje
harbor for the amount of the appropriation. I
believe that the whole commerce of the lakes can
be protected m harbors, built by contract, under
the control of the Department, for $50,000, which
will answer every purpose of the harbors which
they propose at $150,000.
This course gets rid of another difficulty. Ac-
cording to the old plan, Congress makes an ap-
propriation of $20,000 for a harbor this year, and
the officers go on with the expenditure, making
their preparations, buying timber, stone, and
otjier materials, and building boats; and they use
perhaps the whole amount in preparation for the
work;and then the next Congress refuses to make
any appropriation at all. The consequence is,
that the Department puts up the whole property
at auction, and sells it for a song. The result of
this system is that we lose all the money ex-
pended without advancing beyond the point where
we were when we started. My bills obviate this
difficulty, because they provide that the Secretary
of War shall not expend the money until he
makes a contract with responsible men, with suf-
ficient sureties to complete the work for the amount
appropriated. I am anxious to see this policy
tried. I think it will save the Government mil-
lions of dollars, and will give us harbors.
Sir, I confess to the Senate that I have some
feeling, as well as judgment, on this subject. I
have seen the citizens of the country buried be-
neath the waves of these lakes year after year, for
want of that protection which the Government
might furnish for its own purpose, and certainly
a protection which the Constitution clearly author-
izes. In doing that, I am desirous at the same
time, to avoid the squandering of money, and
therefore I wish to try the effect of a provision
which is contained in my bills, limiting the ap-
propriations to a reasonable amount, and coercing
the completion of the work for that amount, 1
believe that, under the contract system, men who
live at these localities, who are interested in the
work, will make a harbor for $50,000 equal to
