1986
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
August 7,
Ezra Clark, Clawson, Colfax, Comins, Covode, Cragin, |
Cumback, jDauireil, Timothy Davis, Day, Dean, Dick, j
Dickson, 0odd, Durfee, Edie, Edwards, Emric, Flagler, |
Galloway, Giddmgs, Gilbert,Granger, Grow, Harlan, Hick- |
man, Holloway, Valentine B. Horton,Howard, Hughston, ;
Keisey, King, l^nupp, Kn'qht, Knowltoa, Knox, Kunkel, j
Leiter, Mace. Matte on, MeCarty. Meaehun, Kiihan Mil- |
ler, Millward, Morgan, Morrill, Mot?, Murray, iWho!?, '
Norton, And'evv Oliver, Paikei, foarce, Peiton, Perry,
Petu?, PikCjPringle, Purvianee, Ritchie, Robbing,"Roberts,
Kobison, Sabm,Sage, Sapp, Sheiman, Simmons, Spinner,
Stanton, Stranahan, Tappan, Tiioungton, Thurston, Todd,
Trafton, Tyson, Wade, Waibridge, Waldron, Cadwalader
C. Washburne, Ellihu B. Washburne, Israel Washburn,
Watson, Welch, Wells, Wood, Woodruff, and Wood-
worth—103.
NAYS — Messrs. Aiken, Bell, Hundley 8. Bennett, Bo-
cock, Bowie, Branch, Broom, Burnett, Cadwalader, John
P. Campbell, Carhle, Caiuthers, Chngman, Williamson K.
W. Cobb, Cox, Crawford. Davidson, Henry Winter Davi ,
Denver, Dowdell, Dunn, English, Eustis Evan^, Faulkner,
Florence, Foster, Goode, Gieenwood, J. Moni^on Harris,
S.impson W. Harris, Thomas L. Harris, Haiiison, Her-
bert, Hoffman, Houston, f.'eorsre W. Jones, Keitt, Kidvvcll,
Letcher, LindJey, Alexander K.. Marshall, Humphrey Mar-
shall, Samuel S. Marshall, Maxwell, McMullin. McQueen,
Smith Miller, Millson, Mordecai Oliver, Peck, Phelps,
Porter,Powell, Puryear, Quitman, Ileadc, Ready, Richatd-
son, Rivers, Ruffih, Rust, Sandidge, Seward, Shoiter,
Samuel A. Smith, William Smith, William it. Smith,
Sneed, Stewart. Swnpe, Talbott, Taylor, Trippe, Vail,
Valk, Warner, Watkin?, Wheeler, Whitney, Daniel 13.
Wnght, and John V. Wright—82.
So the resolution-was agreed to.
Pending the call of the roll,
Mr. HORTON, of New York, stated that he
had paired off with Mr. Ricaud.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine, moved that the
vote by which the resolution was agreed to be
reconsidered, and also moved that the motion to
reconsider bo laid on the table; which latter motion
was agreed to. j
MESSAGE FROM THE SENATE.
A mesaajo was received from the Son.it?, by ;
Asbcry Dicki.vs, their Secretary, announcing 1
that the Senate had passed bills of the House of
the following titles: j
An act granting public lands, m alternate sec-
tions, to the State of Mississippi, in aid of the :
construction of railroads in said State, and for
other purposes; and
An act for the relief of Benjamin L. Fonte, j
"William AUenburg, and others. >
Mr. MILLER, of Indiana. I now ask the ]
unanimous consent of the House that the Com- ;
mittee of the Whole on the stale of the Union be [
discharged from the further consideration of ,
Senate bill No. 123.
Objection was made.
REPORTS OF COMMITTERS.
Mr. TIIOIMNGTON, from tin- Committee on
Private Land Claims, reported a bill to confirm
to Charles Waterman his title to certain lands in
Milwaukee, Wisconsin; winch was read a first
and second tune, refened to a Committee of the
Whole House, and ordered to be printed. !
Mr. QJTITMAN. I desire to know whether
it is in order for me to report, from the Com- !
mittee on Military Affairs, a bill to pay the
State of California for their expenses in Indian ;
wars ?
The SPEAKER. The bill indicated by the
gentleman from Mississippi, being general m its j
character, is not in order, m the opinion of the ;
Chair. !
Mr. GROW, from the Committee on Ter-!
ritone.s, reported a bill for the relief of R. G. ;
Elliott and others; which way read a first and 1
peeond time, refei red to a Committee of the
Whole House, and ordeud to be printed.
Mr. MIIXFR, of New York, from the Com-
mittee on Revolutionary Pensions, reported bills
of the following titles; which were severally
read a first and second time, referred to a Com-,
mittee of the Whole House, and ordered to be ;
printed:
A bill for the relief of Sarah Van Pelt, widow
of John Van Pelt, a revolutionary soldier;
A bill for the relief of the hens and legal rep-
resentatives of Joseph Bmden, a revolutionary
officer; and
A bill for the relief of the heirs of Peter Char-
tan t, a revolutionary soldier.
Mr. EDLE, from the Committee on Patents,
reported a bill for the relief of Edwin M. Chaf-
fee; which was read a first and second time, re-
ferred to a Committee of the Whole House, and
ordered to be printed.
Mr. BROOM, from the Committee on Revolu-
tionary Pensions, reported back the petition of
Caleb "Albee, and moved that the same be referred
to the Committee on Invalid Pensions.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. FLAGLER, from the Committee on the
Post Office and Post Roads, reported back Senate
bill (No. 358) for the relief of J. R. Powell.
Mr. DOWDELL. This bill has been unani-
mously reported by the committee. It passed
the Senate unanimously. It is a bill full of jus-
tice and equity. It requires only that the Post-
master General shall pay what is reasonable. I
ask the consent of the House that the bill may
be nut on its passage.
There being no objection, the bill was ordered I
to a third reading; and was accordingly read the
third time, and parsed.
Mr. DOWDELL moved to reconsider the
vote by which the bill was passed, and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the table;
which latter motion was agreed to.
Mr. FLAGLER, from the Committee on the
Post Office and Post Roads, made adverse reports
on the memorials in the following cases; which
were laid on the table, and, with the reports, or-
dered to be printed:
For the erection of a post office building at
Cairo, Illinois;
For the erection of a post office building at
Macon, Georgia;
For payment of additional compensation for
mail contracts; and
For making the Post Office Departmentrespons-
ible for matter sent through the mail.
Mr. K NOWT.TON, from the Committee of
Claims, repoited back a bill (No. 13) for the re-
lief of Mary Rceside; which was referred to a
Committee of the Whole House on the Private
Calendar, and, Willi the accompanying report,
ordeied to be punted.
Mr. GIDDINGS said he would present a mi-
nority report in the case.
Mr. I3Ifc>HOI>, from the Committee of Claims,
repoited a bill for the relief of Cyrus Euekland;
which was read a first and second time by its title,
referred to a Committee of the Whole House,
and, with the accompanying report, ordered to
be printed.
Mr. READY. I ask the unanimous consent
of the House to offer a joint resolution of a pri-
vate nature.
The resolution was read for information, and
is as foiiows:
Tlrsolved by the Senate and House oj lleprcirntafivdi,
<\i\, Tii.H ilie l'ostma^tet General Ik1, <uul lie is hereby,
autlim i/.'•(! to make a t all ami tinai s-pftlemont with \r Cook,
of the Si.hp of Tenue^ee, ol ,til a<-eoimts, liabilities, and
demand,-, iriowni'-C out ol \auon-> eouttact? of the Govem-
menl with s.ud Cook, loi e.uivim: the Tinted States mail,
making lain ail |Uht and iea--onabl<'> allowance, and chaic-
mi* him with all sums with which he may he piopeiij
eliau'eable, and pay over any balaneo which may be found
due hint
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. Is this the gen-
tleman who bid oif various contracts at the last
lettings in Tennessee, and failed to put service
on the routes ?
Mr. HEADY. He bid off various contracts,
and sub-let some, but I do not know that he failed
to put service on the routes.
Air. HARLAN. I object to the consideration
of the resolution at this time. Let us proceed
with the call on the committees for reports in pu-
vate cases.
Mr. PENNINGTON, from the Committee on
Foreign Affairs, made adverse reports on the fol-
lowing cascx; which were laid on the table, and,
with the accompanying repoits, ordered to be
printed:
The petition of John M. Barker; and
The petition of Fumcis A. McCauIey.
Mr. P. also, from the same committee, reported
a bill for the relief of Francis Daincse; which was
read a first and second time, referred to a Com-
mittee of the "Whole House, and, with the accom- j
panying report, ordered to be printed. J
Air. P. also, from the same committee, reported
back a bill (S. No. 310) for the relief of Horatio \
J. Perry, with the recommendation that it do •
pass.
The bill was read. It directs the Secretary of
the Treasury to pay the claimant the difference
between his pay as secretary of legation at Mad-
rid, -and the pay of minister during the time he
acted in the latter capacity.
Mr. PENNINGTON. I hope there will be no
objection to putting the bill on its passage".
Mr. LETCHER. I object. I think there are
more important private bills than that on the Cal-
endar.
Mr. PENNINGTON. I hope the gentleman
will not insist on his objection. This is a case
of peculiar hardship.
Mr. LETQHER. I have an objection to all
such bills. Gentlemen go abroad at fixed sala-
ries; and when they return they ask us to double
them, or at least to increase them largely. *
The bill was referred to a Committee of the
Whole House, and, with the accompanying re-
port, ordered to be printed.
Mr. PENNINGTON. 1 move to reconsider
the vote by which the bill was referred, and ask
that it be entered on the Journal. I do not ask to
have it acted on at this time.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I move to lay the
motion to reconsider on the table.
Mr. PENNINGTON. I withdraw the motion
to reconsider.
Mr. OLIVER, of New York, from the Com-
mittee on Invalid Pensions, reported a bill for the
relief of Rudolph Kussmaul,which was readafirst
and second time. The bill directs the Secretary of
the Interior to place the name of Rudolph Kuss-
maul on the pension list, at the rate of twelve
dollars per month, commencing the 30th of June,
1856, and to continue during his natural life, in
lieu of six dollars per month which he now
receives.
Mr. OLIVER. I ask that the bill be now put
on its passage. The beneficiary under it is a
soldier of the war with Mexico. He was m six
battles. He was at the battles of Vera Cruz,
Ccrro Gordo, Cherubusco, Chapultepcc, Molino
del Rey, and the city of Mexico. His right
arm was shattered by a musket ball. Since then
some sixteen pieces of bone have been extracted
from the wound. The bill only proposes, as he
is unable to engage in manual labor and provide
for his own support, that his pension shall be in-
creased from six to twelve dollars per month.
This is all there is in the bill.
The bill was ordered to he engrossed and read
a thnd time; and being engrossed, it was accord-
ingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. OLIVER, from the Committee on Invalid
Pensions, reported the following bills; which were
severally read a first and second time, referred
to a Committee of the Whole House, and,
with the accompanying reports, ordered to be
printed.
A bill for the relief of Elijah Close, and a bill
for the relief of Elizabeth Rikcr.
Mr. MARSHALL, of Illinois, from the*Com-
mittee of Claims, made an adverse report on the
petition of Jonah Ray; which was laid upon the
table, and ordered to be printed.
Air. DICKSON, from the Committee on Inva-
lid Pensions, reported a bill for the relief of Amos
Armstrong, of Ohio; which was read a first and
second time, referred to a Committee of the
Whole House, and ordered to be printed.
On motion of Air. DAVIS, of Massachusetts,
it was
Ordered, That the Committee on Naval Affairs be dis-
charged fior.i the further consideration of the petitions in
the M'veial c<u?e? of Lewis Wariitigton and Thouids Hurd,
and that the same be laid upon the table.
Mr. GIDDINGS. I believe the call for reports
from committees is through. I would inquire
if there are any private bills upon the Speaker's
table ?
The SPEAKER. The table is clear of private
bills.
Mr. GIDDINGS. Then I move that the House
resolve itself into the Committee of the Whole
on the Private Calendar.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio. I hope the gen-
tleman will withdraw that motion, and allow me
to submit a motion that the rules be suspended,
and that the House resolve itself into the Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union
Mr. GIDDINGS. I desire to have the House
act, their pleasure.
Mr. Gidmngs's motion being- first pu^ was
negatived.  
Mr. Campbell's motion was then agreed ta
