386
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 11,
moment, I desire to suggest to the introducer of the
bill a practical modification, which he will prob-
ably accept, and which will obviate the difficulty.
'Mr. SMITH, of Tennessee. I object.
Mr. GROW. I appeal to the gentleman from
Ohio to w ithdraw his motion to adjourn for a mo-
ment, to allow me to-call the attention of the
House, before the committees are appointed, to a
subject which might seem to have a personal
application after the committees are appointed.
Mr. CLINGMAN. I would rather that we
should proceed with business regularly.
Mr. GROW. After the committees are ap-
pointed, what I now desire to say might seem to
have a personal application to the members of one
of the committees.
Mr. CARL1LE. I desire that this House shall
determine the question in regard to a printer be-
fore we do anything else. I object.
"Mr. GROW. The gentleman from Virginia
cannot have understood what 1 said. I stated
that I desired to call attention to a matter which,
if I waited until after the committees are ap-
pointed, might be thought to have a personal
reference.
Mr. CARLILE. The gentleman can call atten-
tion to it before the committees are appointed, but
after the election of a printer.
Mr. GROW. Certainly; but we have agreed
to adjourn until Monday.
Mr. HOUSTON. I insist upon a vote upon
the pending motion.
Mr. GROW. I desire to say a word in refer-
ence to the Committee on Engravings. [" Order!"
"Order!"]
Mr. PECK. What is the question before the
House ?
The SPEAKER. The immediate question is
on the resolution relating to the public printer,
and upon that the previous question has been
demanded.
The previous question was then seconded, and
the main question ordered to be now put.
Mr. STANTON. What is the main question ?
The SPEAKER. It is the adoption of the
resolution for the election of a public printer.
_ Mr. STANTON. What becomes of the mo-
tion to lay upon the table?
The SPEAKER. It has been withdrawn.
Mr. STANTON. I do not so understand it.
The SPEAKER. The Chair is informed that
it has been withdrawn.
Mr. STANTON. Then I renew it.
The question was taken upon the motion, and
it was decided in the negative.
Mr. MATTESON. I move that the House do
now adjourn.
Mr. STANTON. I call for tellers.
Tellers were ordered;and Messrs. Matteson,
and Oliver of Missouri, were appointed.
The question wos token; and the tellers re-
ported—ajvs 71, noes 70; whereupon
Mr. FLORENCE demanded the yeas and
nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered. -
The question was then taken, and decided in
the affirmative—yeas 87, nays 82; as follows:
YEAS— Me^is. Albnsht, Allison, IJarboni, Benson,
Bingham,Bis-hop, Br^nton,Bioonu Buflnuon, Buihnyamo,
Jamos JI Campbell, EztaCJaik, Claw-on,Colfax, Covodo,
Oragtn, Cumbaek, Homy Wnitei Davis Day, Dean, Dick.
Bieftsoii. Dodd, Durfce, Etheudge, Eusti-;, E\an?\ Gallo-
way, Guldinj^, Gilbeit, Ctangrr, Giow, Robeit I>. Hall,
Hailan, J. Mornson Harris, Hoffman, Ilollowav, Thomas
JR. Ilorton, Uowaul, ICelsey, King, Knight, KnowJton,
Knox, Kunkel, Letter, Lnidley, Mace, AI«itte*o , McCaity,
McacUam, Kilhan Miller, Moigan, iUonill, Mott, Munay,
Nichols, Paiker, I'eiton, Pennington, Pony, IVmt, Pike,
Portei, Punqle, Puiviauce, Kicaud. Robbing Sabm, Ha ire,
Sapp, Simmons, Stanton, Stuuiahan, Thormgton, Valk.
Wade, Wakernan, Walbridge, Wakhon, Elhhu R. Wasii-
burno, I^iacl W.^hbutn, Watson, WelciJ, Woodiuff,
Woodu'orth, and ZollieofFcr—87.
NAVS—Aiken, tiaik^dalc, Hendley 3. Bennett,
Billinghuisl, Boeock, Boycc, Biauch, Burnett/Cachvalader,
John P. Campbell, Cailile.CaiutheiSjBayaul Clark, Clin"- ■
man, William-mi It. W. Cobb, Cox, Ciawford, Cullcn !
Davidson, lJowdell, Dunn, Edmmid-on, Elliott, Ensdvsli' '
Faulkner, Floienee, Thomas J. D. Fullei, Goode, Green- i
wood, Augustus Hall, Sampson \Y. Hauih, Thomas L.
Hanid, Ilairi-ou, IJeibcit, Houston, Jcwctt, Gcoiyc W. '
Jones, Keitt, Kid well, Lake. Letchfi, Lumpkin, Alexander
K. Mar-hall, Humphiey Mai-iiall. Samuel S. Maibhall,
Maxwell, McMuHm, McQucen, 5?niith Miller, MilNon,
Mordeeai Oliver, Paine, Peck, Phelp.-, Powell, Puryoar,
Ueadc, Readv, Ruffin, Ru^t. fcSamlidue, Savage, Seott, Sew-
ard, SiioiuT, Samuel A. ^iruth, Spinner, Stephen*, Stewart,
ttwope, T.uior, Tmn«ton, Todd, Tiippo, Tv^on, Tender-
wood. Vad, Walker, Walking Wmslow, Daniel 13 Wnght,
and J oh a V, Wngbt—$3.
Pending- the call of the yeas and nays,
Mr. HERBERT stated that his colleague, Mr.
Denver, was detained from the House by indis-
position.
Mr. CRAWFORD also stated that Mr. War-
ner had paired off with Mr. Washburne, of
Wisconsin.
The House then adjourneduntil Monday next,
at twelve,o'clock, m.
IN SENATE.
Monday, February 11, 1856.
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. Henry C. Dean.
The Journal of Thursday last was read and
approved.
Hon. S. A. DougiAs appeared in his seat this
morning.
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATIONS.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore laid before the
Senate a report of the Secretary of State, com-
municating, in obedience to law, a list of the
clerks and other persons employed in that De-
partment during the year 1855; which was ordered
to lie on the table and be printed.
Also, a report of the Postmaster General, com-
municating, in compliance with a resolution of
the Senate, information as to the present condition
of the mail communication between New Orleans
and Cairo, Illinois, and the measures which have
been taken to insure the punctual transmission
of a daily mail between those points; which, on
motion by Mr. Hamlin, was referred to the Com-
mittee on the Post Office and Post Roads, and
ordered to be printed.
Also, a letter of the Secretary of the Navy, ac-
companied by eighty copies of the official Navy
Register for the current year; which was ordered
to lie on the table.
PETITIONS, ETC.
Mr. EVANS presented the petition of John
Commins, a citizen of the United States, and
owner of the French brig Vigie, which was re-
paired by him in the United States, praying that
the name may be changed to Minnie; which was
referred to the Committee on Commerce.
Mr HUNTER presented the memorial of
James Maccaboy, praying for compensation for
injuries received while employed in the service of
the United States at the Washington navy-yard;
which was referred to the Committee on Claims.
Also, the memorial of the heirs of the officers
of the Virginia Continental line, praying for com-
mutation pay; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Revolutionary Claims.
Mr. FESSENDEN presented the petition of
William W. Smith, for himself and the other
heirs of Captain John K. Smith, an officer of the
revolutionary Armv, praying to be allowed com-
muationpay; which was referred to the Commit-
tee on Revolutionary Claims.
Also, the petition of J. Vincent Browne, pray-
ing for the payment of a balance equitably due
to him under a contract with the Navy Depart-
; ment for supplying hemp; which was referred to
the Committee on Claims.
Mr. TRUMBULL presented the petition of
McKmley Ward, of Madison county, Illinois,
guardian of the minor children of Robert Peebles,
deceased, praying that half-pay pension and
bounty land may be granted to them, on account
of the services of their father during the war with
Mexico; which was referred to the Committee
on Public Lands.
Also, the petition of Jacob Cooper, heir and
legal representative of Apollos Cooper, deceased,
an officer in the Army of the Revolution, praying
for commutation, or seven years'half pay, under
the resolution of Congress of August 24, 1780;
which was referred to the Committee on Revolu-
tionary Claims.
Mr. PEARCE presented the memorial of R.
W. Meade, administrator of Richard W. Meade,
| deceased, praying for the satisfaction of his claim
against the Government of Spam, which was
rejected by the commissioners under the treaty
of 1819, between the United States and that Gov-
ernment; which, with the papers on file in refer-
ence to the same case, was referred to the Court
of Claims.
Also, the memorial of Benjamin C. Howard
and William D. Merrick, commissioners of the
State of Maryland, praying for the settlement of
the claims of that State against the United States
for advances to the United States during the war
of 1812; which was referred to the Committee on
Finance.
Mr. YULEE presented the memorial of John
Scott, praying to be released from a judgment
against him and his sureties for the amount of a
forfeiture under a mail contract; which was re-
ferred to the Committee on the Post Office and
Post Roads.
Mr. HAMLIN presented the petition of Alpheua
T. Palmer, an officer in the late war with Mexico,
praying for an increase of pension; which was
referred to the Committee on Pensions.
Mr. BENJAMIN presented an additional me-
morial in the case of Captain Jonas P. Levy,
who complains that the First Comptroller, in
revising the action of the accounting officers, has
not adjudicated his claim in accordance with the
provisions of the law for his relief, passed August
3, 1854; which was referred to the Committee on
Claims.
Mr. BROWN presented the petition of mem-
bers of the Franklin Fire Company, and other
citizens of Washington* praying for an appropri-
ation for the erection of a new building for the
accommodation of their engine and other fire
apparatus; which was referred to the Committee
on the District of Columbia.
EXECUTIVE BUSINESS.
Mr. JOHNSON. Mr. President, there are, I
believe, some special orders for to-day, but I wish
to give notice to the Senate now, that I shall be
compelled, under the instruction of the Commit-
tee on Printing, to ask for an executive session
to-day. 1 wish merely to give that notice now, so
that there may be no surprise in regard to it, at
the proper time, when the motion shall be made.
THE NAVAL RETIRING BOARD.
Mr. BUTLER. I took occasion, some days
ago, to present some memorials of officers of the
Navy, who had been retired or dismissed in con-
sequence of the action of the late naval board.
There were two whose names were not announced
at the time, and their friends have written to me
on the subject, thinking, perhaps, that their names
should be announced. Ipresent, now, the memo-
rial of Lieutenant Maurice Simmons, and, also,
the memorial of Lieutenant J. N. Maffit, asking
for redress from the action of that board. I move
that they be referred to the Committee on Naval
Affairs.
The memorials were so referred.
Mr. BUTLER also presented the petition of
Mrs. A. E. Rolando, praying that her husband,
Henry Rolando, a lieutenant in the Navy of the
United States, now absent in the active service
of his country, may be restored to his lawful
rank, from which he has been removed by the
action of the late naval board; which was referred
to the Committee on Naval Affairs.
Mr. IVERSON. I am charged with the me-
morial of Lieutenant Horace N. Harrison of the
United States Navy. He states briefly that, not-
withstanding his services as a lieutenant in the
Navy, and his merits as an officer, he has been
retired by the naval board, and begs for redress.
He appends to his memorial letters from distin-
guished officers under whom he was serving at
the very moment when he was retired by this
board, who testify in the strongest terms, not only
to his high character as a gentleman, but his
promptness and efficiency as an officer; thus giving
another evidence, in addition to the many which
have been presented to the Senate, of the ruthless
charactei of the late law and of its more ruthless
execution. I move that the memorial be referred
to the Committee on Naval Affairs.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. RUSK. 1 have been requested to present
the petition of John Calhoun, a commander in the
Navy, who complains of having been unjustly
dealt with by being retired by the late naval board.
I know the gentleman well, and am satisfied that
he is amply competent to discharge the duties of
active service m the Navy. I hope the Commit-
tee on Naval Affairs will investigate his case, and
I am sure they will be satisfied that, physically
and mentally, and as a gentleman, he is fully
qualified to discharge any duties that may de-
volve on him in active service. I move that it be
referred to the Committee on Naval Affairs.
It was so referred.
