1856.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
387
Mr. ALLEN presented the memorial of Charles
Hunter, a lieutenant in the Navy, who has been
placed on the furlough list by the action of the
late naval board, praying for a careful examina-
tion of his case, and such redress as he may be
considered entitled to; which was referred to the
Committee on Naval Affairs.
Mr. SEBASTIAN. I have been requested to
present the memorial of Richard W. Meade, late
a lieutenant in the Navy of the United States,
praying for redress. The memorialist briefly
states that he has been in the Navy for many
years; that he was lieutenant commanding of the
United States steamer Massachusetts in active
service on the Pacific station, and was detached
from that station m J uly last; and on reporting his
arrival from the Pacific, was directed, on the 11th
of September, 185j, to regard himself as waiting
orders, and immediately thereafter, on the 13th of
September, he was informed that he had been
dropped from the Navy by the action of the late
board. I move that the memorial be referred to
the Committee on Naval Affairs.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. WRIGHT presented the following joint
resolutions of the Legislature of Now Jersey;
which were read, referred to the Committee on
Naval Affairs, and ordered to be printed:
STATE OF NEW JERSEY.
Joint Resolutions in relation to Commodore Charles Stew-
art, of the United States Navy.
Whereas, Commodoie Charles Stewart, an eminent cit-
izen of this State, by the action of a board created under
the act of Congress, passed February twenty-eighth, eigh-
teen hundred and fifty-five, entitled "An act to promote the
efficiency of the Navy," has been deposed from Ins well-
earned position of senior post captain of the United States
Navy, and placed upon the retired list authorized by said
act; and whereas, the said action of said board had been
appioved by the President of the United States ; but Com-
modore Stewart has appealed from the same to the repre-
sentatives of the American people in Congress assembled ;
and whereas, in the judgment of this Legmlutuie, the said
action of said boaid is grossly unjust to Commodore
Stewait, and against the wishes and sense of justice of a
large majority of his fellow-citizens of tins State : Thcre-
foie,
1. Be it resolved by the Senate and General Assembly of
the State of New Jersey, That our Senator and Represent-
atives in Congress be requested to obtain from Congress
euch legislation or action as may be necessaiy and pioper
to reverse the said action of the said board, and the approval
thereof by the Piesident of the United States ; and to re-
store the said Commodore Charles Stewart to his position
of senior post captain of the Navy.
2. J}nd be it resolved, That the Governor be requested to
transmit a copy of the«e resolutions to the President of the
United States, to Commodoie Charles Stewart, and to each
of our Senators and Representatives in Congress.
State oj New Jersey:
I, Thomas S. Allison, Secretary of State of New Jersey,
do hereby certify that the foregoing is a true copy of joint
resolutions passed by the Legislature of this State, as taken
from and compared with the original, now ou file in my
office.
In testimony whereof I have hereunto set my hand and
affixed my official seal, at Tienton, in said State, this 9th
day of February, A. D. 1836.
THOMAS S. ALLISON, Secretary of State.
PAPERS WITHDRAWN AND REFERRED.
On motion bjr Mr. SUMNER, it was
Ordered, That the petition and papers of Lucretia Barton,
one of the heirs of Jacqb Town, deceased, praying for a
new wairant in lieu of one issued to his heirs for bounty
land and lost. be withdiawn from the files of the Senate,
and referred to the Committee on Public Lands.
On motion by Mr. JONES, of Iowa, it was
Ordered, That the petition and papers of Margaret L.
Worth, widow of General Worth, piaying for a pension, be
withdrawn from the files of the Senate, and referred to the
Committee on Pensions.
On motion by Mr. FITZPATRICK, it was
Ordered, That Hugh Wallace Woimeley have leave to
Withdraw his petition and papers.
WESTERN NAVAL ASYLUM.
Mr. THOMPSON, of Kentucky. X offer the
following; resolution:
Resolved, That the Committee on Military Affairs be in-
structed to inquiie into the expediency and propriety of
authorizing the Secretary of War to abolish the Western
Military Asylum, located at Harrodsburg, Kentucky, and
to sell said site, fixtures, and other property belonging to
the same, and report by such suitable bill or resolution as
the committee shall deem best.
Mr. President, I desire to say a few words in
reference to this resolution. I do not doubt that it
meets the approbation of the honorable Secretary
of War, and I think I maysafelysay of the honor-
able chairman of the Committee on MilitaryAfFairs
in this body. A succinct reference to this insti-
tution, and of the manner in which it was founded, (
may save the committee some labor. By an act I
of Congress of the 3d of March, 1851, a board of
officers was designated to procure sites for mili-
tary asylums. Before, however, such sites were
selected and located, by an act of Congress of
31st August, 1852, the board, or part of them,
were authorized to examine "the Blue Lick
Springs," a well-known watering-place in Ken-
tucky, and, if they found it eligible, to purchase
it and so much of the land on which it was located
as might be necessary. Suffice it, in this con-
nection, to say, that, by legislation here after-
wards, I believe the discretion of the board was
enlarged; and $10,000, by the Army appropria-
tion act of 3d March, 1853, were appropriated to
enable the commissioners or board to select a site
and locate a western military asylum.
The board, afterwards supposing the " Har-
rodsburg Springs" an eligible location, purchased
it, I believe, for the sum of $100,000. it seems to
have turned out, however, to be unfit and very
expensive. The Secretary of War, in his annual
report, says in regard to it:
" In transmitting the annual report of the board of com-
missioner of the Military Asylum for the past year, I take
occasion to tiansmit also their reports for three preceding
yeais, which were made annually to this Department, pur-
suant to regulations, but which have not been heretofore
foi warded.
The view which these reports give of the results of the
institutions does not fulfill the anticipations which were
entertained at the time of its establishment. Although
early means were taken to give notice of their rights to all
entitled to the benefits of the asylum, by ordeia published
to the Army, and by handbills sent to every post othce m
the United States, yet the aggregate number of inmates of
the several branches of the asylum was, at the dates of the
respective annual reports, fifty, seventy-three, seventy-
seven, and eighty-seven; in addition to the last number,
six men, having families, were receiving relief without being
ijuaileied at the asylum. In the mean tune, the tteasuier's
accounts show that the net receipts were §190,140 17; that
the cost of sites, buildm^<,ftunituie, stock, &c., ;$28().183 75;
and that the amount of cunent expenses was $91,314 19.
If to the current expenses of the several branches theie be
added interest on the cost of buiidmgs, &c.,the average
cost of maintaining each inmate will be found to exceed
$500—an expense so great as to indicate the piopriety of
seeking some proper mode ot effecting u reduction.
u The buildings on the site near Washington city, with
the addition theieto, no v. far advanced towauls completion,
will piobably afford accommodation for«one bundled and
filly men—a number greater than that which, judging fiom
the past rate of increase, wiil seek admission into the asy-
lum for many years to come.
" The branch which was established in 1832 at East Pas-
cagoula, Mississippi, has been already discontinued, and
the same measure is deemed deniable with regard to that
at Ilariodsburg, Kentucky. This branch was founded at
a heavy charge upon the asylum fund, and is maintained at
an expense much exceeding the advantages conferred upon
the disabled soldiei ; but as it was established m conse-
quence of the provisions of law contained m the Army ap-
propriation acts of August 31.185-2, section 18, and of Mai eh
3d, 1853, section 14, the propiiety of declaratory legislation
in the case is suggested."
Mr. President, I heartily concur with the hon-
orable Secretary of War, and I think it injurious,
and, in tact, unjust toward the Military Asylum
fund. Asa matter of eventual economy, it should
be abolished, and that speedily. It is eminently
required, I think, by kind and proper consider-
ation for the unfortunate and disabled soldiers. It
would be better and cheaper to board them at
some first-class western hotel; the Phcemx, at
Lexington, or the Gait House, at Louisville, I
presume would take the job at the rate of cost the
Secretary mentions.
A word or two now, Mr. President, inasmuch
as this asylum is located in the town where I >
reside, rfarrodsbur^ is about twenty-five miles ■
southwest of Lexington, and seventy-five miles |
in the interior from Louisville. It is very nearly 1
the geographical center of the State of Kentucky, '
and lies on the high roiling lands below the west-
ern slope of the Cumberland mountains. It is 1
healthy—a very healthy locality. The asylum, !
and some two hundr< d acres of land on which it i
stands, were formerly a gay, fashionable, agree- .
able watering-place, much frequented by visitors ;
during summer, from Louisiana, Arkansas, Mis- 1
sissippi, Tennessee, Alabama, and all the South- j
west. The place is beautifully improved, looks •
like an academic grove; its waters, by tests, and ;
doctors, and drinkers thereof, are pronounced to \
be—if not marvelous—very good. While all this '
is true, as I have almost daily seen the infirm and
disabled soldier, and felt deeply for him because
of the patriotic service he had rendered his coun-
try, whilst I pity his crippled condition, I am
constrained to say that 1 do not think the place
suits. He is no peripatetic philosopher; he is
for salt-water and cities; Schiedam schnapps, ;[
beer, and -Irish whisky are not there for
him to indulge in, and "to shoulder his crutch
and fight his battles over again.5' Sir, among
evergreens and beautiful walks and promenades
he looks seedy and drooping—out of place. Let
lnm come nearer to the capital of his country,>and
where his associations, his sympathies, and his
memories of the past may be better renewed, and.
enlivened by more frequent opportunfties to renew
with officers and comrades kindred feeling.
The place ought to be sold at the next April
term of the Mercer circuit court. In the first
place, to stop any further drain upon what is a
sacred fund; and, in the next place, it will bring,
just before the watering season commences, a
better price than at any other time. It would,
perhaps, be unjust not'here to say, that Major
Anderson and Major Alexander, who have been
there as governors of the institution, as also Cap-
tains Buford and Wood, with the community
have been popular, and, as officers and gentlemen,
are highly prized by the society there, and, to-
gether with their families, make an agreeable
addition. I must, too, whilst speaking of officers,
not omit to bear testimony to the general—almost
universal—good conduct of the soldiers; but the
community there—an agricultural, scattered com-
munity—see, in the place of a brilliant watering
place, what seems to them (I mean it in no harsh
sense) a sort of splendid military pauper-house.
I do not mean that, as a community, they would
not extend all the charities of life to the crippled
or towards an old soldier; but, Mr. President, I
can best express what I mean, and what I know,
by saying that the place and the people do not
suit the asylum, and the asylum does not suit the
place or the people, lhopc the resolution will be
passed, and have the early attention of the com-
mittee.
The resolution was considered by unanimous
consent, and agreed to.
CHEAP OCEAN POSTAGE.
Mr. SUMNER submitted the following resolu-
tion; which was considered by unanimous con-
sent, and agreed to:
Rejoiced, That the Committee on the Post Office and Post
Roads be directed to consider whether the chaigcson letters
earned by the ocean stcameis aie not unnecssanly large arid
burdensome, and whethei something may not be*done, and
if so, what, to secure the benefits of cheap ocean postage.
REVISION OF UNITED STATES STATUTES.
Mr. SUMNER submitted the following resolu-
tion; which was considered by unanimous con-
sent, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee on the Judiciary be di-
rected to eon&ider the expediency of piovulmg by law tortho
appointment of a eommtSfion to revi&e the public statutes
of the United States, to simplify then language, to correct
their incongruities, to supply their deficiencies, to arrange
them in order, to reduce them to one connected text; and to
repoit thcm,UiiH linpioved, to Congress lor its final action,
to the end that the public statutes, which all are pie^umed
to know, may be m such form as to be more withm the
apprehension of all.
DETENTION OF CRIMINALS AND WITNESSES.
Mr. FISH. I have a resolution of inquiry to
offer, and I ask for its immediate consideration:
Resolved, That the Committee on the Judtciaiybe in-
structed to inquire what alteration is necessaiy to the ex-
isting laws regulating the detention of per^onsaccu-od of
crimes, and or witnesses under commitment of the United
States courts, in the southern district of New York.
Mr. BUTLER. I ask my friend from New
York whether he has any memorial on the sub-
ject, or such a statement of the case as would en-
able the committee to understand the purport of
the resolution.
Mr. VISIT. I have sent to the Secretary's desk
witli the resolution, the presentment of the grand
jury, made (>t the present session of the court;
which I shnll ask have to submit.
The resolution was considered by unanimous
consent, and agreed to.
Mr. FISH. I move that the presentment of
the grand jury, to which I have alluded, be re-
ferred, with the resolution, to the Committee on
the Judiciary.
The motion was agreed to.
DEFENSES OF NEW YORK AND BROOKLYN.
Mr. FISH submitted the following resolution;
which was considered by unanimous consent, and
agreed to:
Resolved, That the Secretary of War be requested to re-
port to the Seriate whether any, and if any, what addi-
tional fortifications arenec^psnry for the proper defense and
