1856.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
377
34th Cong....1st Sess.
Affairs in Kansas—Mr. Collamer.
Senate.
the constitution, were not given. I say now,
they are not given. That was the meeting which
called the constitutional convention. That was
the meeting which stated the purposes of the
movement. I have read to you their statement
of their purposes, wherein twice in the resolu-
tions, and twice in the proclamation of their
committee, they said expressly the design was
to form a constitution, and presenting it for ad-
mission into the United States; four times over
that is stated in those proceedings. Neither one
of those statements is given in the report. The j
committee state that such a meeting was holden j
at Topeka, on the 19th of September, as called
by the Lawrence meeting, which the Big Springs
convention said they approved. The report states j
that such proceedings were taken by that meet-
ing in Topeka, of the 19th of September, as to
'call a constitutional convention.. But what is the
point ? It is whether or not their purposes were
revolutionary—whether their object was violence,
or the formation of a constitution to be present-
ed to Congress for admission. That is the point.
Now, sir, what does this report say? The per-
sons concerned in the Topeka meeting, of Sep-
tember 19th, declared their purpose, I believe
four times, but certainly three, to be that, and
that only, namely: to form a constitution, with a
view to present it to Congress for admission.
What does the report which the gentleman has
read say of the proceedings of that meeting ?
" In pursuance of the recommendation of the mass meet
ing held at Lawrence on the 14th of August, and indorsed
by the convention held at the Big Springs on the 5th and 6th
of September, a convention was held at Topeka on the 19th
and 20th of September, at which it was determined to bold ,
another convention at the same place on the fourth Tuesday I
of October, fur the purpose of forming a constitution and '
State government; and to this end such proceedings were
had as were deemed necessary for giving the notices, con-
ducting the election of delegates, making the returns, and j
assembling the convention."
This is all the notice which the report takes of ,
that meeting ;and then it goes on to say, in regard
to their purposes:
" With regard to the regularity of these proceedings, your
committee see no necessity for farther criticism than is to
be found in the fact that it was the movement of a political
party instead of the whole body of the people of Kansas,
conducted without the sanction of law, and in defiance of
the constituted authorities, for the avowed purpose of over-
throwing the territorial government established by Con-
gress."
This is what is stated to have been the pur-
poses of the meeting; but what are they when we
examine them ? A mere call for a convention to
form a constitution for admission into the United
States Government to be presented to Congress.
What the Senator says about the order in which
these were to come is true; but the difficulty is,
that they have not come in; that is the trouble.
To be sure, it was distinctly understood between
the Senator and myself, that the order of the
proceedings in point of date was, first the Law-
rence meeting, then the first Topeka meeting, and
next the Topeka constitutional convention. That
was the order of their dates.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I wish to be understood as
to the matter of fact. I stated, that the order
agreed upon was, first, the Lawrence meeting;
next, the Big Springs convention, which indorsed
the Irftwrence meeting. 1 stated in the report the
fact, which the Senator pointed out to me, that a
resolution of the Big Springs convention in-
dorsed the Lawrence meeting. He pointed out
to me that the Big Springs meeting was the
second step.
Mr. COLLAMER. Second in point of time.
Mr. DOUGLAS. That was the Second step
in the movement for a State government. The
third was the meeting at Topeka of September
19th. It was in the second meeting—the one at
Big Springs—that they avowed their purpose to
pur at' defiance the authorities of the United
States, and to resist to a bloody issue. That is
the fact, I think.
Mr. COLLAMER. I understand what I am
about. I am not misstating. I will give the truth
in relation to that transaction. I noticed that, in
the message of the President of the United States,
it was said that the whole movement was by a
party. I read these proceedings, and I did not
view it in that light. I supposed that those who
presented it in that light nad taken it up as be-
ginning with the Big Springs convention. Now,
that was a party meeting. Having looked through
the papers, and seeing the matter in a different
light, 1 called the attention of the gentleman to
the order of the dates. The first meeting was
that at Lawrence, which was not a party meet-
ing. That Lawrence meeting did not call the Big
Springs meeting, which was a party one. That
Lawrence meeting called the Topeka convention
of the 19th of September, without respect to
§arty, and stated their purposes to be to form a
tate government for the admission of Kansas
into the Union. Now, when I called the gentle-
man 's attention to the order of the dates of these
events, I did it for the purpose of having them
appearin their order. From my investigation into
the true character of the transaction, I did not con-
sider it a party movement; and 1 think I shall be
borne out in this by the papers. I do not com-
plain of the gentleman for bringing in the Big
Springs meeting. It is true I did not put it in
my minority report, and I Will state why I did
not. It was not in the line of proceeding at all.
It was a collateral side meeting of a party. It is
true they approved of the call made for the meet-
ing at Topeka; but nobody asked them for that;
and it made no difference. I did not think it
right .to undertake to give character to the pro-
ceedings of the Topeka convention by that side
meeting, and therefore did not think it proper to
put it in.
What is thecourse of the majority report? After
mentioning the Lawrence meeting, it goes on to
the Big Springs party meeting, ana extracts their
violent proceedings, if you please so to call them,
with a resolution approving of the call; and what
next? They then call up the Kansas League, a
secret military association. Oh, it is terrible!
Awful oaths! The book containing them is ex-
hibited as having been got out of a man's mouth.
Monstrum horrendum, informt, ingens, cvi lumen
ademptum! We are to be frightened with it. What
connection had that with this business ? I know
the report of the committee half intimates that
the Big Springs side meeting had some connection
with that league; but it appears by the paper that
it existed long before. It does not appear that
any man in the Big Springs convention indorsed
it. It is true they passed resolutions inviting
people to form volunteer companies; but there was
no intimation about the Kansas League. The
connection between them is undertaken to be
extracted out of the fact that the Big Springs meet-
ing recommended the formation of volunteer com-
panies. That had no connection with the Big
Springs meeting; and even if it had, it had nothing
to do with this line of proceedings. The difficulty
is, that the proceedings of the meeting at Topeka,
which called the constitutional convention and set
forth their purposes fully, are not presented in
the report. Their meetings are represented as
having been party meetings, and their purpose
violence, although they had declared theirpurpose
fully, completely, and repeatedly.
Such is the course assigned to the proceedings
of these people by the majority report. There
are other things in the report of a similar char-
acter; as, for instance, the allusions to the emi-
grant aid society. It is not alleged that the aid
society have used or advised any force or vio-
lence; but the inference is left to be drawn.
There are a variety of other things alluded to of
a similar character, not material to the great lead-
ing features of the ease. I say, therefore, that,
as a fair representation and true picture of the
leading features of the case, the majority report
falls altogether short of it. .Indeed, I cannot but
say, from what I have already shown, that as a
picture, reproducing a true impression, there is
not one single lineament which is not either dis-
torted in the drawing or discolored in the shade.
Mr. President, in the speech of the honorable
Senator from. Illinois, he advanced the idea that
my minority report countenances violence. I can
see how such an impression is produced on the
gentleman's mind. I think it arises from read-
ing a part, and not the whole together. I do not
mean to be understood as saying that I think he
meant to pervert it. I do not believe it. I do
not like to say such things. To charge inten-
tional suppression, to my mind, implies wrong
intentions. I do not really think the gentleman
meant to use it in any bad sense of that kind;
but I cannot see how it is that he can charge me
with suppression in not inserting the proceedings
of the Big Springs convention, to give character
to a line of proceedings with which they had no
connection.
But he says my report countenances violence.
How so? If it be read with any degree of candor
and fairness, it will be seen that it endeavors to
show what it was to be expected would be the
action of societies and individuals who should
enlist in this experiment—what experiment? The
experiment which Congress had put on foot. I
say that, if they enlisted in it for the purpose of
legal voting ana legal settlement, it was praise-
worthy. Finally, after all, I said that if this ex-
periment—the experiment which the Government
had put on foot—I repeat it, and have repeated it
a great many times here, and quite too often—
unavoidably resulted in violence, it was the vice
of a mistaken law. Is not that a mere truism ?
Is that justifying violence? But the Senator"
seems to intimate that if the people from the free
States had reason to expect there would be vio-
lence, they should not have gone there ! I deny
it. If a grant is made, if you please, to the hon-
orable Senator and myself of a great tract of land
—the benefit to inure to whichever of us shall
cultivate the most of it in two years—is he not to
be permitted to enter on it with his workmen,
because he knows me to be a pugnacious fellow,
who will fight with him ? If lie does apprehend
that, it does not foreclose him from going on and
making his improvements. If the people did
apprehend violence, it was no reason why they
should not enter on a fair enterprise; but they had
no particular reason to apprehend it—none is
shown and none is known. If there can be ex-
tracted, by fair reading, out of my report, any-
thing to countenance violence, it must be ex-
tracted through a very distorted alembic; it is
' extracting poison from the most harmless herbs.
I Mr. President, I will now pass to the ultimate
point of the case, and the last which I wish to
dwell upon, and that is, what shall Congress do?
I have no desire to multiply words in regard to
what we have the power to do. I have, in the
progress of my remarks, stated my views upon
that subject. I think we have sovereign power.
We have the right to repeal the whole of their
laws, or any one of them—to legislate for the Ter-
ritory as much as we please. Now, what ought
to be done? It is perfectly obvious that it is no
sort of use to leave that people as they are, with
any hope or expectation of amendment. I have
Btated my reason for that position. They are
bound hand and foot, and no good can result from
leaving things to them under the operation of the
Kansas law. Is it true, as the gentleman seems,
towards the close of his speech, to argue, that I
have, in effect, made an argument against the
law organizing the Territory of Kansas ? Really,
it is something of a discovery that I am opposed
to the Kansas bill! I think it would rather as-
tonish my people to learn that it was a new dis-
covery; but so, indeed, it has been stated. Well,
what if it is so? The experiment has been put
on foot there, and has been carried on. We see
how; we see its character. Does the result, thus
far, commend it to our approval ? Is it best to
persist in it? Is it desirable to persist in it, and
to put the President in the position of sending the
amy to dragoon these people, and ride over them
rough-shod, for the purpose of continuing this
vassalage which usurpation has produced? Is
that Democracy ? Is thatgood, safe, prudent, kind
counsel? Would it be likely to produce good
effects in the result? No good can be effected in
that way. There must be something done now;
what is to be done ?
In my view—though perhaps it would be im-
practicable of accomplishment—it is best to aban-
don the whole experiment, for various reasons
already given in the progress of my remarks. I
think if was ill-advised; I think it was inconsid-
erate; I think it was a breach of faith; I think it
will never produce quiet; I think the people of
the free States will never be reconciled to it.
Then we had better abandon it altogether. Sir,
the passage of the Kansas and Nebraska bill had
an effect on the public mind which gentlemen
perhaps can slightly realize. I know there are
few gentlemen from shareholding States who ore
