1114
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 6,
now, or not, I do not know. That is the direc-
tion which your appropriations necessarily take
when you do not make them continuously, and
do not make them in season.
The plan which my colleague presents of making
these improvements by contract, was proposed to
the Senate four or five years ago by roe. I believed
then that it would beagreat improvement; Ithink
so still. I believe that he is right in saying that
it will save the Government millions of dollars.
I repeat that I have grpat regard for the topo-
graphical corps. It is composed of gentlemen
who are doing their duty. They have gone on
making these estimates from time to time as ex-
periments. In some cases the work of this,year
lias given way, they not understanding all the
elements which were in operation. They have
gone on, however, until now they have reached
such a point that the improvements which they
make have a considerable degree of permanence
attached to them.
I say that the proper course is to let the Depart-
ment go on with its work, on its estimate, if you
please, but require the woik to be done by con-
tract under its superintendence. That was my
proposition four or five years ago, and I regret that
then, it was not agreed to at that time. I stated
that I could not conceive why, if you wanted so
much timber, so much stone, and so much digging,
you could not, under the direction of a topograph-
ical engineer, make a contract to have it done,
just as well as lie could hire the men and do it in
that way. You know, Mr. President—every Sen-
ator knows—I know, that if you do this business
by the day's work, it will cost double the sum;
and for the plain reason that the engineer officer
will not watch the men as an individual contractor
would. We all understand that men whose busi-
ness it is to go on with these works, and make a
profit by them, will do them much more econom-
ically than any other person who has not the
same connection with then. This is a further
advantage proposed by this bill. I think the
proposition of my colleague meets precisely the
object suggested by the Senator from Virginia.
The Senator from Virginia says that, although
you limit the appropriation, you will have appli-
cations hereafter for an increase. The difference
is very clear, and very perceptible, and I wonder
that it has escaped the acutenoss of my friend
from Virginia. When the Department makes an
estimate, and says that the works at Cleveland
will cost you §150,000, you go on and expend
your $150,000; you still find that you are a great
way from the completion of the work, and" you
have a great deal more to do. Then they come
and ask you for more. You made no limit ori-
ginally. Here, however, you commence with a
limitation; not in your estimate, hut in your con-
tract. It is part of your contract that the con-
tractor shall have no more than the sum appro-
priated. [ should like to .see a man come here
and ask an additional price under such a contmct
as that. He could not get his pay from the De- ;
partmentuntil the contract was completed. Would i
he then come here and ask for additional pay?
That is the proposition of my friend from Vir-
ginia, as I understand it. If he is not to be paid
until the work be completed, it is idle for him to
come here and make an application for an in-
crease.
At any rate, under any circumstances, and in
any view which you can take of the subject, this
provision will be a very great check on gross
expenditures. For myself, [ am willing to make j
the experiment. 1 agree with my colleague that j
it is time to make it. When I speak of it as an I
experiment, I do not mean an experiment as to ■
the nature of the work, but as to the estimate and j
examination by Government officers, and as to !
all the checks necessary to find out whether the !
work proposed is proper; whether it will cost i
you too much or not. I am willing to make this '
expenment in the mode of appropriating the
money, and I am willing that the work shall be
done by contract*.
Mr. HUNTER. I will tell the Senator from
Miclugau how they might come here for an alter-
ation of the contract. On this point, I may refer
again to the case of the custom-houses: they are !
most recent, and I am most familiar with them.
There are instances in which contracts have been
made to build custom-houses of brick, and an
estimate is afterwards presented for an increased
amount, in order to build it of stone or marble;
and in this way appropriations have been in-
creased and an additional sum voted. Here it
will be said," This improvement proposed by the
Committee on Commerce is too small—it is not
sufficient. To be sure, we could have some sort
of improvement for that money; but an efficient
improvement, such a one as we are entitled to,
will cost so much more, and ought to be con-
structed on such and such a scale." This will
be the argument. If we commence the system,
we shall have to make additions when it is proved
that a larger expenditure of money will be re-
quired for a proper harbor.
Mr. CASS. It seems to me that ihe Senator
from Virginia has misunderstood the state of
things. It is not the contractor who comes
forward and asks that the custom-house be in-
creased; it is the Government. Within two or
three years ybu have undertaken to erect a build-
ing for a custom-house, court-house, and post
office, in some of the larger towns that are rapidly
increasing—increasing like a tale of eastern im-
agination. The proper Department find that there
is not room enough in the building, and then they
come to ask you to add twelve and a half feet to
its length on one side, and twelve and a half on
the other, it is the Government that comes
forward.
Mr. HUNTER. The town comes forward
first, and then the officers of the Government esti-
mate.
Mr. CASS. The Government officers make
•the estimate; and in some instances make the
propositions. It may be that in some cases the
town makes the proposition for the increase; but
then it comes forward before the contract is
made, and before the building- is commenced. In
this case, if the people should come forward, not
to receive the appropriation, but to stop the ex-
penditure until the question should be reexamined,
and the justice of their claim for a larger sum
could be investigated, I should be willing to hear
them, though I think 1 should vote against them.
The proposition of my colleague now is, that the
contractor shall enter into security that he" will
go on and complete the work for the amount
appropriaied, and that he shall not be paid until
the completion of the woik. This is a veiy dif-
ferent thing from a Government proposition to
increase a custom-house.
Mr. BUTLER. Mr. President, I hnve so often
troubled the Senate on this subject that i shall
not enter into the debtee now. I rise simply to
make an appeal to th^fcijority who entertain the
opinion that Congress can regulate commerce by
the appropriation of money for internal improve-
ments. Whether gentlemen term it a general or
a partial system, i care not. i suppose that if
there were an entirety of design, which looked
to what is called a general system of internal
improvements, it would be immediately repudi-
ated, on the ground that it assumed a jurisdiction
which has heretofore been denied by nearly all
parties. Sir, i think that my friend from Vir-
ginia and myself now, whilst we are in a minor-
ity and cannot struggle successfully against these
appropriations, or direct the localities on which
they shall be bestowed, may very well appeal to
the intelligence of that majority, who are distnb- i
uting the public funds, to do it in such a way as j
to do justice to all parts of the country, and |
expend the money equally; and not to appropriate
$800,000 for improvements at tiie mouth of the '
Mississippi, and half a million for improvements
on the lakes, and totally neglect other parts of
the Union. I venture to put an inquiry, to which
i say the Senator from Michigan [Mr. Stuart]
cannot respond; and when I say so i impute ,
nothing to him which i would not impute to j
, others, for i think no one who supports this sys-
! tem can properly answer it. When he comes '
J forward with his plans for the improvement of |
j certain harbors on the lakes, I ask him whether '
j he has extended his inquiries so far as to tell how j
I that appropriation will affect other parts of the
! Union* He has made a partial inquiry—an aceu- i
i rate one, perhaps—and he would commence with ;
l $o0,000atone place this year, andthen, according !
| to his colleague's idea, if that shall be found to be i
j inadequate, a million of dollars may be appropri- |
i ated, if that be necessary, to complete the work, j
j Sir, this is to be the beginning—crescit eundo. \
j Who doubts for a single moment that, when an i
appropriation of $50,000 is made, the same prin-
ciple may authorize an appropriation of five mil-
lions?
Now, I appeal to the intelligence of that ma-
jority which has assumed this (in my opinion)
dangerous jurisdiction, to give money to one part
without reference to another, to do it justly. I
do not understand it; I cannot arrest it; I have
no veto power; but I surely have a right to ap-
peal to that majority to have some entire system
of internal improvement. I go so far as to pre-
fer a general to a partial system. I suppose gen-
tlemen will answer me that a general system
would be against the codes, and creeds, and plat-
forms of Baltimore; but why should we not have
a general system, as well as a partial system
of internal improvements, if the majority will it?
But, sir, according to the plans which have been
laid down, and the measures which have been in-
dicated, it is very certain that those States where
you have to fhake harbors will get most of the
appropriations, and those States which have nu-
merical majorities will control them. It is very
certain, too, that a minority, who may appeal to
the justice of the majority, appeal to nothing but
the discretion of the tribunal.
I know that I cannot prevent the distribution
of the public moneys for these internal improve-
ments; but Ivhave a right to ask of any portion
of the Senate or Congress of the United States
who undertake this system, that I shall have some
plan presented to me through which the intelli-
gence of that majority has pervaded. I have
already expressed to my friend from Michigan,
on former occasions, my views on these questions.
He says that the appropriation is made and limited,
and controlled, and cannot be abused. Let me
say, as the fox said when he looked at the lion's
den—nulla vestigia retrorsum—none who goes
there will ever come back. I believe the entering
wedge of these unlimited appropriations for the
lakes, was a work which, for its local and general
purposes, was a very good object—the canal
around the Palls of St. Mary. We were told
then by these gentlemen that they did not want
money, but land in alternate sections. That
failed, and finally they said that they would take
the land wherever they could get it, and we made
an appropriation of land.
Mr. CASS. A first rate canal has been made
there.
Mr. BUTLER. Of course, you got your canal;
but I do not see how it stands very well with the
Baltimore platform. [Laughter.]
Mr. CASS. The honorable Senator from South
Carolina forgets that he and I had this discussion
twice before. 1 have sent for the book contain-
ing it. On a former occasion he admitted that
the explanation which 1 gave was a satisfactory
one; but he has forgotten it. I said, then, that
the Baltimore platform and the Democracy ob-
jected to a general system of internal improve-
ments. In the first place, the words of the plat-
form were the words of Silas Wright, and Silas
Wright himself always voted for the improve-
ment of harbors. A general system of internal
improvements embraces canals, and roads, and
the digging of harbors anywhere, and includes
every mode in which internal improvements could
be carried on. I tell my good friend from South
Carolina that we have now got rid of the question
of internal improvements. Wc now only pre-
sent questions in regard to the improvement of
rivers and harbors—measures for which the gen-
tleman's former colleague, Mr. Calhoun, voted,
as I showed him when we last had a discussion
on this subject. A bill was presented some years
ago, to which the then Senator from Alabama,
Governor Bagby, objected, and called for a test
vote; and Mr. Calhoun was one of the majority
who voted with us on that bill. The honorable
Senator from South Carolina and the honorable
Senator from Virginia who sits beside me, [Mr.
Mason,] have preserved their consistency. They
were among the seven who voted against the bill
to which I allude. I presume that the honorable
Senator from South Carolina recollects it,
Mr. BUTLER. .Perfectly.
Mr. CASS. I have sent for the book, and I will
show the debate to the Senator if I can find it. I
wish to renund him, however, that we have al-
ready had this discussion about the Baltimore
platform two or three times. I disavow now,
as much as I did before, any great system of
