m
.11
AfPEiypif TP TftK Cp^BJ^ip^ g^QBE.
[April 14,
34th Cong....1st Sess.
Kansas Legislative Petition—Mr. Harlan.
Senate.
present to hear what I have to say; but there are
some things which I must say, whether they hear !
me or not. When that bill was pending before
Congress, gentlemon of the Democratic party, as
well as of the Wilis:, of high position in the
North, who had been in Congress and in various
departments of the Government—who had asso-
ciated with gentlemen from the South for a long
time, said: "The South are a highly chivalric
people; and it is utterly impossible that they wil|
agree to pass the bill and destroy the Missouri
compromise. *' That compromise was produced
by southern gentlemen, with the aid of some
northern votes. It was said; " it is a contract
of their own making; they will never break it."
But it has been done; and excuses are rendered
for it. What are they, or what are the leading
ones ? Th«*y seem to me to be excuses unworthy
of the intelligence of the sources from which they
come, and much less worthy of being satisfactory
to those to whom they are addressed. The first
is, that the compromise was nothing but a statute,
which could be repealed. Certainly it could be
repealed. Sir, plighted faith is rehed on when
there is no other security. After the slaveholding
part of the community had had Missouri, Arkan-
sas, and all south of that line, disposed of in their
own way, and had made them into slaveholding
States, we did not find our security in the statute
merely. I admit, we were not well satisfied with
it at all; but the only part of it with which we
were satisfied was, that slavery should not extend
north of 36° 30'. We did not find our security
fbr this in the fact that it could not be*repealed.
We founded our security in a confidence in the
high intelligence and honor of those who had
made the contract.
Another excuse is, that we would not extend
it. That is to me strange. Two of us own a
farm together, and we divide it by a certain line.
By-and-by we buy another farm. On what rea-
son can it then be demanded of one or the other
that he should divide that other farm by the same
line? None in the world;but because he refuses
to do it, can that furnish any reason for breaking
up the division which was made of the first farm
after the owner of one half had disposed of his
part? Surely not. It is not an excuse worthy
to be received.
Another one, I understand, is this: It is said
we never were> satisfied with it; the people of the
northern States never were satisfied with that
compromise. Well, Bir, we never were dissatis-
fied with that part which you are trying to break
up. Our dissatisfaction was with the other part
of the compromise of which you have and hold
the benefit. It seems to me a strange thing that
such an excuse can be made. I presume every
gentleman, in his early- reading, has become
acquainted with that story in the Viear of Wake-
field, in which it is related how Moses went and
sold the Vicar's horse in the market to a fellow
who put off upon him a quantity of mock spectacles
in shagreen cases, which he brought home in his
bosom, and showed triumphantly. It is not likely
that the Vicar was very well satisfied with- the
trade which Moses had made, nor with the man's
having cheated him; but I have never heard that
the man after he had used up his horse, came back
saying that he wanted the green spectacles, be-
cause the Vicar never liked the bargain.
In this case, there was a reliance and confidence
in the high integrity of southern gentlemen—their
chivalry if you please to call it so. At the North,
one would say to another," never will this com-
promise be repealed; it will never be suffered to !
be repealed by those gentlemen.' Weknowthem. j
They may have points of character arising from j
their social condition with which we are not alto- J
gether pleased, but they are highly honorable '
gentlemen; we have confidence* m them', it will
not be repealed." When at last this reliance
misgave them^-whert they found that they had
leaned upon a reed which pierced them, it went
down like cold iron to the hearts of our people.
Southern gentlemen may consider it a matter
of very little consequence how they are estimated
in the free States? probably they do; but'I can
assure them that this nation attaches something
more of importance'to'it.r Mutual confidence in ,
public men is one of the great safeguards for the
continmhce of" our Union. A' mora* revolution
always precedes one of another kind; and the
giving up of that confidence with many of our
countrymen and many of our fellow-men is like
the giving up of the ghost. Gentlemen may have
possibly noticed the letter of ex-Governor Hunt,
of New York, in which he said that the South
would, by a returning sense of justice, correct
this matter. Will you' correct it? May it be
expected? It maybe done; but I am sorry to say
that I have very little hope that it will be.
There is another thing on which I will make a
remark. It seems that both in season, and out
of season, pains are taken to insist that all of us
who desire that there' should not be a spread of
slavery into a country already free, who do not
desire a propagation of it, and an enlargement
of its borders, are, or ought to be, Abolitionists.
It is said that Mire are Abolitionists as far as we
go, and that, in point of fact, it is all one thing—
we are all Abolitionists and Black Republicans.
Mr. President, I do not speak of this point be-
cause it moves anything like indignation in me.
It does not excite the least feeling in the world;
but I would ask those gentlemen what they expect
to gain, if they succeed in causing that belief?
What is Abolitionism? How do we understand
it? There are two classes of Abolitionists, as
they exist with us, and probably elsewhere. One
class hold that the United States Constitution
gives a guarantee and countenance to slavery, and
mat, therefore, as their saying is, it is a " league
with infamy," and should be broken up, and the
Union under it destroyed. What is the other
branch of them ? The other party hold that, as
the Constitution does not mention " slavery"
anywhere, it is a charter of freedom, and, there-
fore, should be preserved, and used for the pur-
pose of overcoming slavery everywhere. There
are the two' branches; that is Abolitionism.
- Now, sir, those with whom I act hold that
slavery is a local institution existing by the law
of the country where it is; that it cannot go
anywhere unless the laws go with it; that by
the terms of the Constitution it is left to the ac-
tion of the States where it exists. We have no
disposition, either directly or indirectly, in any
way,' to use the powers of Congress under the
Constitution in order, in any manner, to affect it
where it exists. That is our position. Because
we do not desire to extend it we are called Ab-
olitionists. Suppose we were made to believe it.
Suppose that all of us who are now called by dif-
ferent names—names of reproach, too, such as
Black Republicans, and some sort of Americans
—were made to believe, and the world was made
to believe, that we were Abolitionists—who would
be the gainer by it ? Who would be benefited by
it?
I cannot but call to mind a lesson from our
political history on this subject.' When the Par-
liament of Great Britain were about to pass their
first stamp act, which was afterwards repealed
and another one passed, Dr.' Franklin-was the
agent for two colonies, Massachusetts and Penn-
sylvania, then residing in London. Our colonies
kept agents in London, who were something like
the Delegates of our Territories here.' " Though
they did not have seats in Parliament, they were
consulted ih regard to the matters of the colonies.
Dr.: Franklin was called before a committee, and
examined in relation to that law, arid he was
asked his opinion as to Whether the people of
this country would submit to it cheerfully, or
Whether they would oppose it? Dr; Franklin
told them that he thought they would not submit
cheerfully, and he did not know whether they
would submit-at all. This was, I think,-in 1764,
the year after the treaty with France. They
asked him what the difficulty was? He replied:
" The people of the colonies acknowledge alle*-
giance to the British Crown, and not only do
they acknowledge that allegiance^ but they are a
very "loyal people to that. Crown.* They hold
their charters from it; they are attached to it as
a Protestant Crown? they are attached to it in
every way; but the people of the colonies do not
hold that same obligation to the British Parlia-
ment. We consider that you have no right, in
any form, to tax us where We are not repre-
sented/* They said to Dr. Franklin: "There is
nothing in that-distinction; the laws we pass are
the'King's laws; opposition to the Parliament is
opposition to the Crown; infidelity to the Parlia-
ment is infidelity to the Crown. The acts of
the Parliament as approved are the acts of the
Crown." " Well," said Dr. Franklin, " I have
no desire to argue that question with the com-
mittee; our people think otherwise; but all I can
say is, perhaps you can convince them that there
is no difference; and, if you do, I think they will
oppose the law altogether, and the Crown too."
Sir, they persisted. Within three or four years
afterwards they passed that law; they put it to
the people of America; they insisted that oppo-
sition to their laws was opposition and rebellion
to the Crown. How did they succeed in making
them believe it? Read your Declaration of Inde-
pendence, and what does it say? It charges,
over and over, these very acts of the British Par-
liament as the acts of the Throne—the acts of
the King, and says that they are the acts which
define a tyrant. They had got to believe it
then. They asserted it, and we know the con-
sequences.
Now, sir, I do not know but that it may be
made to be believed by us all, that we are all
Abolitionists in the sense, if you please, which I
have defined, and as understood everywhere; but
suppose it-should be believed, what would be the
consequence ? It is not necessary for me to
answer. I do not see how any gain would come
to the cause of the slaveholders, or the slavehold-
ingpart of the United States—and when I use this
term I do not mean it in any reproachful sense.
I do not see how an advantage could come to
them. It may be a matter of taste. It seems
that they have succeeded in making the people of
Europe understand that we have a Republican
black presiding in our House of Representatives
—a Black Republican. It may be, that it would
elevate the position and estimation of this nation
to have it understood in Europe, that blacks be-
come presiding officers. Perhaps it will be best
to pursue it until we have a President that is
black; but that is a matter of taste. Still, sir, it
is part and parcel of the same proceedings, and
gentlemen must pursue their own course about it;
but it seems to me all this will not do any good.
Something should be done to restore quiet; and
if you could return to the condition of things be-
fore the act of 1854, 1 cannot but believe that a
large body of my hearers, and members of the
Senate from all parts of the country, would be
glad that it had been continued so. If so, the
evil can be corrected still. However, I will dwell
no longer on thatpoint.
Gentlemen will have perceived, I think, by this
time, all the reasons which I can urge, why at
any rate those laws—which they call-such—of
the' Legislature-which assembled' in Kansas,
should in some way or other be corrected; and
we undoubtedly have the power to do it. There
is one- other course, and that is the one which is
presented. May we not admit them under their
constitution as they have formed it? The ad-
mission of a State must Always rest in the dis-
cretion of Congress. This is the' quietest way
to settle this-difficulty. Nobody has then to take
back anything; no steps must then be- retraced.
It undoubtedly will result in quiet; it will be an
end of controversy on the subject; andldo-not
*ee that gentlemen have any reason to believe that
persistence in doing otherwise will be likely to
produce any good at all. : But, sir, I am not pre-
pared at this moment to go at length into my
reaaoa* fbr believing as I: do, that- the best, the
shortest, and the most quiet way is ta admit that
-people with their constitution, and end the trouble.
I will detain the Senate no longer.
kansas legislative petition.
DEBATE IN THE SENATE,
Monday, Jlpril 14, 1856.
Mr. HARLAN. Mr. President, I hold in my
hand the petition of* James H. Lane. It is on
'the subject of the memorial of the members of
the Senate and House of Representatives of the
proposed new State of Kansas, which was the
subject of discussion in this Chamber on last
Thursday. - In the preamble he sets forth the
manner in which the petition was drafted under
