1856.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1989
the gentleman from Virginia, that he persists in
his statement, that the private parties who have
proposi d to construct those works are not re-
sponsible parties. Sir, does the gentleman from
Virginia say that your new Governor of Kansas
is not a responsible man, for he is one of the
parties who propose to construct the work. I
sav, sir, that those parties have abundant means
to construct the work.
But I wish again to call the attention of the
House to the estimates of the chief engineer.
He lias estimated the excavation of earth at ten
cents per cubic yard. Every gentleman must
know mat the actual cost will be much larger
than that. His estimate is twelve dollars for brick
work, while, as I have said, the real cost has been
fifty-seven dollars. These items will demonstrate
the reliableness of the estimates winch we have be-
fore us, and gentlemen can form some idea of the
amount to which the cost of this work will swell.
Mr. Meigs, in his report, says that the engineer
who shall bridle the Potomac will acquire for
himself fame. In speaking of the Roman works
he says that, notwithstanding the construction
of them impoverished the people, we can now
drink at their llowing fountains, and look back
and forgive them their errors. Now, I do not
believe that the people of the United States wish
to be impoverished by constructing magnificent
water-works for the city of Washington. I do
not believe they wish to follow the policy of the
Jewish nation, which impoverished the ten tribes
of Israel, to build up Judea and Jerusalem, thus
occasioning a revolt.
Mr. Chairman, I am willing to see water-
works constructed for the Government and this
city. I told Captain Meigs distinctly, that I
would vote a liberal appropriation for a work
upon a proper basis. But, as I have said, these
works are upon a scale that will furnish sixty
times as much water as the wants of the city
require. It is said that the balance of the water
wiil be used to drive machinery; but will any
gentleman suppose for a moment that we should
be justified in such enormous expense for the
purpose of furnishing water to drive machinery'
No, sir. A thirty-inch or three-feet pipe would
furnish all the water necessary for the require-
ments of the city.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I beg to say to the
gentleman from*JPcnnsyivania, that the various
plans for bringing water into this city were sub-
mitted to the President, and after a careful exam-
ination of them all he determined upon this one; i
and two or three successivc Congresses have ;
approved the plan by voting appropriations for
the work. The gentleman from Pennsylvania ;
says he is perfectly willing to vote appropriations
for bringing water to the city, provided it can be ;
brought according to his plan. Now, sir, I know j
nothing about the gentleman's plan. I know
nothing of the various private speculations that J
have been formed in reference to the work. Sir,
we cannot all have our plans. As I have said,
the plan which has been adopted was adopted
after careful examination, and it may be consid-
ered as the settled plan for the work.
But, again: who docs not feel the necessity
there is for a supply of water in this city? The
health of the city requires it. The wants of the j
Government require it. |
I wish to say to the gentleman from Arkansas, ;
that this appropriation is asked for public uses, j
If citizens derive advantage from the introduc- i
tion of the water into the city, they will do so at .
their own expense. The object of the amend- i
meat is to construct the trunk, which is to con- ;
duct this water to the city and to the buildings :
of the Government. If it be tanned for private ;
purposes, then I say to the gentleman from Ar- :
kansas, that it is to be done at the expense of i
the citizens of Geoigetown and Washington, j
and not at the expense of the Government. Lut |
any gentleman walk through the city, and the
odor arising fiom the sewers will satisfy lum of
the absolute necessity lor the introduction of ■
water for the health ol the citizens and those who
are forced to reside here. I do hope, tor the ciedit
of the country and the health of this community,
that we will at least appropriate money suificient
to carry on this woik, which has been already
commenced.
The question was taken on the amendment to
the amendment, and it was disagreed to.
Mr. GOODE. I call for tellers on the amend-
ment. |
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. DcNVERand j
McCarty w< re appointed. j
The question was taken on Mr. Goode's !
amendment; and the tellers reported—ayes 49,
noes 74.
So the amendment was disagreed to.
Mr. DOWDELL. I offer the following amend-
ment:
For the extension of the {grounds of the marine hospital
at Mobile, Alabama, according to the recommendation of
the Secretary of the Treabury, $6,000.
This appropriation is recommended by the
Secretary of the Treasury. It is recommended
by the grand jury of the circuit court of the
United States for that district, and by the surgeon
of the hospital.
Mr. LETCHER. There is no existing law
authorizing the purchase of this additional ground;
and for the reason heretofore given by the Chan-
it strikes me that the amendment is not in order.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair sustains the
point, and rules the amendment out of order.
Mr. BENNETT, of Mississippi. I offer the
following amendment:
And that S*>,000 he, and is hereby, appropriated for leas-
lns a couit-houhc m the town of Pontotoc, m the State of
Mississippi, loi holding the di>triet couit of the United
State*.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio. I make a point
of order upon that amendment.
Mr. McCARTY. Is there any law author-
izing the holding of a court at that place ?
Tiie CHAIRMAN. That is a proper question
for the gentleman from Mississippi to answer.
Mr. CAMPBELL. It is a question of fact
which I will undertake to answer.
Mr. BENNETT. There is a law authorizing
the holding of a court at that place.
Mr. CAMPBELL. The point I moke is, that ;
it is independent legislation in an appropriation
bill. There is no law authorizing the leasing of j
, a court-house there. j
I The CHAIRMAN. The Chair sustains the
' point of order, and decides that the amendment is :
j not in order. j
| Mr. PHELPS, from the Committee of Ways ,
! and Means, offered the following amendment to i
j come in after line one hundred and fifty-three: !
i And that the anpiopriation for leinovinii the stonewall
j which now |oui- the ■-oathem boundaiy ol the p.uk «it the
! PreMd-iit's tlmi-o iimy be extended, in accordance to-uch
j plan as may Ik* here.tfiei appioved by the President, for
, the puipo-e et removing *aui wall and inclosing said paik.
The amendment was agreed to. j
Mr. PHELPS, from the same committee, of- !
fered the following amendment to follow the j
amendment last adopted: J
That the President "hall cause the money appropriated !
for the erection of a suitable house for the plants iecent!y
brought from Japan, for the United States*, to be applied as •
directed by the jiet making appioprmtious for the civil and |
i diplomatic" expend of the Government for the year end- .
j ing the 3Jth of June, 1-oG. ,
j Mr. PHELPS. There is but one word of |
j explanation necessary upon that amendment. An >
, appropriation of tpl ,5t)U for the purpose of en et-
l ing a building fot the preservation of the plants
i brought by the Japan expedition appears m the j
last cavil and diplomatic bill to have been passed; '
but in faet it was not passed, though it is in the |
enrolled bill. The Spcntary of the interior, after 1
the passage of the act, c;ave to the then Commis-
sioner of Public Buildings, Mr. B. B. French,
directions to spend the money; but a few days
afterwards, ascertaining that it had not, in lact.
received the sanction of the House of Represent-
atives, and that it had been iniptoperly enrolled,
he directed the Commissioner not to expend the
money. The present Commissioner,Dr. Blake, on
, coming into office, found upon the appropriation
i book $1,500 for the purpose indicated m that
' act; and not finding the letter of the Secretary of
the Interior directing that the appropriation should
not be used, went on, and made a contract for the
erection of that building. It was partly erected
before the Secretary of the Interior discovered
that the Commissioner had gone on in opposition
to his directions. For the purpose of legalizing
that expendituto—though it is somewhat doubt-
ful whether that is necessary—and to remove the
existing doubt. 1 have offered the amendment.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HOWARD offered the following amend-
ment:
And that the Secretary of the Treasury be, and
heieby authorized to cause the building provided by Jaw'to
be constructed at Detroit, in the State ot Michigan, for a
custom house, post office, and eourt-hou-.e, to be increased
in length over the plan heretofore adopted for that purpose,
not to exceed twenty five feet, and to modify and enlarge
said plan so as to adapt the same to saeh increased length,
if, m the opinion of the Secretary, the public convenience
shall icquire such modification : 'Provided Tlmt such ex-
tension and modification can be accomplished at an expense
not exceeding $30,000, and a sum not exceeding ten per
cent, on the said last mentioned sum, for superintendence
and contingencies; which sums, or so much thereof as
shall be necessarj. are hereby appiopriated out of any
money in the Treasury not otherwise appropriated : Jln&
•provided further, That no money shall be paid under this
clause of this hill, until the Seeietary of the Treasury shall
contract for the completion of paid so extended building, at
a cost within the sums heretofore and hereby appropiiated
therefor.
Mr. HOWARD. I ask that a letter fr| m the
Secretary of the Treasury upon this subject, may
be read.
The letter was read, and is as follows:
Treasury Department, Jlyril 28,1856.
Gentlemfn : fn reply to your letter of the 23d instant^ £
have to state that, m view ot the increase of the city of
Detioit, and in order to piovide suitable accommodations
to public otiicers, comineiu iuate with its future growth, this
Department is dis-po&ed to recommend an enlargement of
the building authouzed to be conMiueted at that place for ..
a cus oni house and other pui po-es An addition of twelve
and a half teet to each end, making the building one hun-
dred ami ten feet long by sixty wide, will, it is supposed-,
give ample room tor the different branches of the public ser-
vice tor which it was designed, and for many years to come*
To build Mich addition would require an additional appro-
priation of £30,000, with ten per cent, theieon for contin-
gent expenses.
The letter of Mr. Ilaimon, received with yours, is here-
with letumed.
Very respectfully, your obedient servant,
JAMES GUTHRIE.
Secretin y of the Treasury.
Hon. Lewis Cass and Hon. C. E. Stuart,
United States Senate-
Mr. HOWARD. By existing law, for the
purpose of accommodating three branches of the
public service, to furnish a court-house, custom-
house, and po^t office, a site has been purchased
The old building,which wasof considerable value,
has been taken down, and a contract for a new
building, according to the old plan, made. The
material of the new building is on the ground, and
such is the necessity for the alteration, the lot
being sufficiently large to make the alteration
without an additional purchase of land, that the
Secretary has seen fit to suspend the work for the
time being. The contract being made, and the
materials being on the ground, it is believed that
the damages to be paid for a permanent suspen-
sion would be more than the cost of the altera-
tion and enlargement. This amendment simply*,
proposes to carry out the existing law in the most
advantageous way.
Mr. HOUSTON. I want to ask whether there
is one single one of these custom-houses recom-
mended by the Secretary ot the Treasury during
the lasi Congress, and for which appropriations
w< re made m pursuance of that recommendation,
winch has not been found deficient—not large
enough, not wide enough, or in some wt\y inap-
propriate to the business of the place where it is
situated?
Mr. McCARTY. I can answer that question.
I apnhed to the Secretary of theTreasuiy for an
enlargement of the Oswego custom-house, and
the Secretary refused to do it.
Mr. HOUSTON. Well, that is one out of the
long list of custom-houses and marine hospitals
that the Secretary of the Treasury has refused
to recommend an enlargement, of. Within the
last year or two these, buddings must have grown
too Utile, or the business must have grown very
rapidly.
The' amendment was agreed to.
Mr. PPJNGLE, from th* Committee on In-
dian Affairs, offered the following amendment:
For the completion of tbe collection of the seventh and
H-t volume ot tiie statistics andotlie. nfoiniation of Indian
tiibe.H, aurhonz'id by the act of 3d Match, 1847, and sub
sequent act*, the sum ot Pronchu. That said
volume shall be condensed a* to embtuee a'.! tin: matetial
now oi to be collected, and not iukTjOi hi uiu respect to
th  piecedmg volume.-, and to be completed within two
year? from the parage ol tin-'act- -i d ytoriJed further)
That said compilation shall be .ail-iceted, bcuir* publica-
tion.toievi^ion by the Seercurj ol the Intr.iiar.witbayievv
to the curtailment in the work of all matters useless, irrel-
evant, or inconsistent with the objects of the worfc.
