1856.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
m
No picture which the imagination may paint of these suf-
ferings can be more appalling than the reality, of which we
aie eye-witnesses. In this winter of unprecedented and
terrible severity we have found human beings in sheds,
starving-and almost naked. We have seen mothers and
thcu- childien huddled togetherin one wretched bed, as their
only chance to escape freezing. We have seen many lying
on the bare floor, in damp and unhealthy situations. We
have seen the father shaking with the ague ; the mother
worn down with struggling; the sick without proper nour-
ishment ;*the well without food, and often all without cloth-
ing 01 fuel. We have heard the cry of despair invoking the
aid of death.
The funds liberally placed at our disposal by the charitable
and the humane have enabled us to relieve a portion of this
Buffering ; but much remains, which our means are insufli-
cient to roach. Many cases doubtless exist which have
not come undei our observation. Many we know in which,
even in the extremity of buffering, the victim had shiunk
fiom heing an applicant for charity dispensed through pub-
lic channels. At this season the usual avenues to industry
are, to a great extent, closed. Many of the poor who are
able and willing to work cannot get work to do.
We pray that the Almighty may incline the hearts of your
fellow-statesmen to the giacious cause which you aie plead-
ing befoie them. Should our services in distributing (a
labor we have been engaged in for more than seventeen
years) the bounty of Congiess be acceptably you may rest
ccrtain, sir, that it will be discreetly applied.
Wc arc, sir, veiy respectfully, your tiicnds,
Miss MILLS, Mrs. TUCKER,
Mis. WEBB, Mrs. COX,
Mrs. FOWLER, Mrs. MUNROE,
Mrs. GURLEY, Mrs. TODD,
Mrs. COWES, Mrs. Gcneial MACOMB,
Committee.
Hon. Lewis D. Campbell,
of the House of Representatives.
Washington, D. C., February 5,1856.
Sin: I had the foi tunc to be in the Senate this morning,
and hear your lemarks on the necessity of malting an ap-
propriation for the purchase of wood foi the poor of Wash-
ington ; and while I regret the teimination of the affair, I
beg leave to give \ou some brief details of the dire neces-
sity of some kindred mcasuie to the one this morning re-
jected. I hold the position of city physician of the ward
in which I reside, and must, of couise, have an intimate
acquaintance with the necessities of the pool I am daily
called on to attend. The degree of suffering has been in-
tense. Many previously laboring under chionic diseases
have died from want 5 while acute diseases have been gen-
eiated 111 others, which mu>t end fatally unless aid is I'ur-
nifhed, and that speedily. But vcty recently I have seen a
etaiving mother picssing to her breast a starving child; and,
sad to say, such cases are not uncommon.
Private charitics are exhausted; the alms-house is no
longer capable of holding another inmate, and I can sec no
means (save a public donation) to prevent a most frightful
moitahty.
Prajing an excuse for thus trespassing on your time, I
am, most respectfully, your obedient seivant,
SAM'L A. STOllROW, M. D.
Hon, John M. Clayton.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I now move, Mr. Speaker,
that the rules of the House be suspended, m order
that we may take from the Speaker's table the
^solution passed by the Senate in reference to
the poor of the District of Columbia, that it may
be put upon its passage without reference to the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union.
I move to suspend the rules for that puipose.
The SPEAKER. The opinion of the Chair is
that, inasmuch as the resolution before the House
relates to the election of one of its officers, and
as the House has ordered the main question on
that resolution, it precludes at this time the motion
of the gentleman from Ohio.
Mr. CAMPBELL. Then 1 move to postpone
the consideration of the resolution relating to the
election of public printer.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will ask the con-
sent of the House to the suggestion of the gentle-
man from Ohio, that the resolution relating to the
election of public printer be postponed, for the
purpose of taking up the Senate resolution relating
to the poor of the District of Columbia.
Mr. KEITT. I object.
Mr. CLINGMAN. Then I hope the House
will go on with the election of public printer.
The SPEAKER. That is the first business in
order.
Mr. WRIGHT, of Tennessee. I ask the con-
sent of the House to make a motion in reference to
papers which I wish to have taken from the files
of the House, and referred to the Court of Claims.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio. I object.
' ELECTION OF PUBLIC PRINTER,
The SPEAKER. The Clerk will now report
the resolution which is before the House.
The resolution was reported, as follows:
Resolved, That the House do now proeced to the elec-
tion of public printer.
The SPEAKER. On this resolution the House
has ordered the main question. The question is
on agreeing to the resolution.
The question was put;,and the resolution was
agreed to.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio. Let me make
another effort to get the Senate resolution taken
from the table.' I move to reconsider the vote
by which the resolution relating to the election
of public printer was adopted.
Mr. CLINGMAN. Is not that the very reso-
lution which has been already once reconsidered
on the motion of the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr.
Campbell?] If so, the motion which he now
makes is not in order.
The SPEAKER. The vote by which the res-
olution before the House was adopted has been
once reconsidered; and under the rule a second
reconsideration is precluded.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I move to reconsider the
vote by which the main question has been ordered
to be put.
The SPEAKER. The Chair is of opinion that
the main question is exhausted, upon agreeing to
the resolution. Therefore, it is not properly be-
fore the House.
The Chair appointed as tellers in the election
of public printer Messrs. English of Indiana, and
Carlilb of Virginia, Kelly of New York, and
Colfax of Indiana.
The House then proceeded to vote viva voce a
fourth time for printer, with the following result:
Whole number of votes cast, 173; necessary to
a choice, 87; of which—
Oran Follett received 68
Cornelius Wendell 66
Robeit Famham   10
Nathan Sergeant  9
Edwaid Monis  4
John D. Defrees  3
Joseph Gales         2
Chailes Sentelle   1
John T. Toweis  1
 Jones  1
R. W. Hughes    1
Beverley Tucker  1
So there was no choice.
The following is the vote in detail:
For Mr. Follett— Messrs. Albright, Allison, Barhour,
Benson, Billmghursl, Bingham, Bliss, Bradshaw, Brenton,
Butfinton, Burlingame, James II. Campbell, Lewis D. Camp-
bell, Cohax, Covode, Oragm,Cumbaok, Dran, Dick, Dick-
son, Dodd, Galloway, Giddmgs, Gianger, Grow, Robeit B.
Hall, Harlan, Holloway, Thomas II. Hoi ton, Howard, Kel-
sey, Knapp, Knowlton, Knox, Leiiei,Maee,Mattehon,Mc-
Carty, Meaeham, Moigan, Morrill, Alott, Murray, Nichols,
Norton, Paiker, Peny,Pettit,Pikc, Prmgle, Ritclne, Sabm,
Sage, Sapp, Sherman, Simmons, Stanton, Tappan, Thor-
ington, Wade, Wakeman, Walbridgc, Waldion. Ellihu B.
Washbume, Israel Washburn, Watson, Welch,and Wood-
worth.
For Mr. Wendell—Messrs. Aiken, Allen, Baiksdale, Bell,
Ilendley S. Bennett, Bocock, Bowie, Boyce, Branch,
Biooks, Burnett, John P. Campbell, Caiuthers, Chnsman,
Williamson It. W. Cobb. Cox, Crawfoid, Davidson,"Dow-
dell, Edmundson, Elliott, English, Eustis, Faulkner, Flor-
ence, Thomas J. D. Fullei,Goode, Gicenwood, Augustus
Hall, Sampson W. Ilairis, Thomas L. Ranis, Hubert,
Hickman, Houston, Jewrtt, Geoige W. Jones, Keitt, Kid-
well, Lotcher, Lumpkin. Alexander TC. Marshall, Samuel
S. Marshall,Maxwell,McAIulhn,McQueen, Smith Millei,
Millson, Mordecai Oliver, Peck, Quitman, Ready, Ricaud,
Ruffiu, Rust, Savage, Seward, Shoitei, Stephens, Stewart,
Taylor, Thuiston, Watkins, Wmslow, Daniel B. Wright,
John V. Wright, and Zollieofier.
For Mr. Famham—Messrs. Broom, Carltle. Bayard Clark,
Damrell, Davis, Evans, Foster, Harrison, Lake, Rivorf,
Wjlhatn R. Smith, Swopo, Tnppe, Underwood, Valk, and
Walker.
For Mr. Sergeant—Messrs. Ezra Clark, Cullcn, Ed-
wards, Etheridge, Puryeai, Reade, Robison, Todd, and
Woodruff.
For Mr. Morris—Messrs. Bishop, Clawson, Pennington,
and Robbins.
For Mr. Defrees—Messrs. Dunn, Humphrey Marshall,
and Scott.
For Mr. Gales—Messrs. Lindley and Porter.
For Mr. Sentelle—Mr. Andrew Oliver.
For Mr. Towers—Mr. Haven.
For Mr. Jones—Mi. Paine.
For Mr. Hitches—Mr. William Smith.
For Mr. Tucker—Mr. Powell.
Pending the call of the roll,
Mr. DITRFEE announced that, at the request
of Mr. Cadwalader, he had paired off with that
gentleman.
Mr. HUGHSTON announced that his colleague
[Mr. Pelton] was not present, he having paired
off with Mr. Wells.
Mr. DAVIDSON stated that his colleague [Mr.
Sandidge] was not present on account of indis-
posi tion.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee, stated that Mr.
Phelps was sick in bed, and consequently unable
to be present in the House.
Mr. COVODE stated that Mr. Tsjorin'gton
had paired off for one month with Mr. Smith,
of Tennessee;,and that, by mutual agreement,
his colleague [Mr. PuhvianceJ was allowed'to
avail himself of this arrangement, by pairing
off for a portion of that time—while Mr. Thor-
ington might be present—with Mr. Smith.
Mr. WELLS stated that he had paired off with
Mr. Pelton.
Mr. BROOM stated that Mr. Whjtuey had
sent word to him this morning, that he was con-
fined to his room through sickness, and unable fo
be present in the House.
Mr. WRIGHT, of Tennessee, announced that
his colleague [Mr. Smith] had paired off for two
weeks on the election of public printer, and on
the Kansas question, with Mr. Purviance.
Mr. ORR stated that ho had paired off till
Tuesday evening with Mr. Pearce, and that
therefore he would not vote on this or any other
question till that time.
On motion by Mr. BARKSDALE, it was
Ordered^ That the petition and papers in the case of Mary
Drane be withdrawn from the files of the House, and re-
ferred to the Court of Clauns.
The House then proceeded to vote viva voce a
fifth time for printer, with the following result:
Whole number of votes cast, 175; necessary to a
choice, 88; of which—
Cornelius Wendell received   74
Oran Follett 68
Robert Farnham ,15
Nathan Sergeant   6
Edward Morris  4
John D. Defrees      3
J. Watson Webb    1
Beverley Tucker  1
Charles Sentelle    1
Joseph Gales  1
R.W.Hughes  1
So there was no choice.
The following is the vote in detail:
For Mr. Wendell — Messrs. Aiken, Allen, Barksdale,
Bell, Ilendley S. Bennett, Bocock, Bowie, Boyce, Branch,
Brooks, Burnett, John 1\ Campbell, Caruthers, Chngman,
Williamson R.W.Cobb, Cox, Crawloid, Cullen, Davidson,
Dowdell, Edmumlson, Elliott, English, Eu&tis. Faulkner,
Floienee, Foster, Thomas J. D. Fuller, Goode, 6-reenwood,
Augustus Hall, Sampson W. Harris, Thomas L. Harris,
Herbert, Hickman, Houston, Jcwctt, George W, Jones,
Keitt, ICidwell, Lake, Letcher, Lindley, Lumpkin, Alex-
ander K. Marshall, Samuel S. Marshall, Maxwell, MeMul-
lm, McQueen, Smith Miller, Millson, Mordecai Oliver,
Reek, Quitman, Ready, Ricaud, Rullin, Rust, Seward,
Shorter, Srephens, Stewart, Swope, Taylor, Thurston,
Watkins, Wmslow, Daniel B. Wright, John V. Wright, and
Zollicoffer.
For Mr. Follett — Messrs. Albright, Allison, Barbour,
Benson, Billinghurst, Bingham, Bliss, Brenton, Buffinton,
Burhnganie, James If. Campbell, Lewis D. Campbell, Col-
fax, Covode, Cragut, Cumback, Damrell, Dean, Dick, Dick-
son, Dodd, Galloway, Giddmgs, Gilbert, Granger, Grow,
Robert B. Hall, Harlan, Holloway, Thomas R. Horton,
Howard, Hughston, Kelsey, Knapp, Knowlton, Knox,
Leiter, Mace, Mattoson, McCarty, Morgan, Moirill, Mott,
Murray, Nichols, Norton, Paikei, Peny, Pettit, Pike,
Pnngle, Ritchie, Sfthm, Sage, Sapp, Shennan, Simmons,
Stanton, Tappan, Tlionngion, Wade, Walbudge, Wal-
dron, Ellihu R. Washbume, Israel Washburn, Watson,
Welch, and Woodworth.
For Mr. Farnham—Messrs. Broom, Carlile, Baya?d Claik,
Ilonry Winter Davis, Evans, Harrison, Haven, Hoffman,
Paine, Puiyear, Rivers, Trippe, Underwood, Valk, and
Walker.
For Mr. Sergeant—Messrs. Ezra Clark, Edwards, Eth-
eridge, Robison, Todd, and Woodruff
For Mr. Morris—Messrs. Bishop, Clawson, Pennington,
and Robbins.
For Mr. Dcfrccs—Messrs. Dunn, Humphrey Marshall,
and Scott.
For Mr. Webb—Mr. Meaeham.
For Mr. Tucker—Mr. Powell.
For Mr. Sentelle—Mr. Andrew Oliver.
For Mr. Gales—Mr. Porter.
For Mr. Hughes—Mr. William Smith.
Pending the call of the roll,
Mr. COBB, of Georgia, stated that he had
paired off with Mr. De Witt.
Mr. DENVER also stated that he had paired
oft' with Mr. Day.
ELECTION BY PLURALITY.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. I desire to offer a reso-
lution.
Mr. CLINGMAN. I insist upon the regular
order of business, and object to anything being
introduced until the order of the House has been
executed.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. The resolution I pro-
pose to offer is directly in connection with the
subjcct-mattcr before the House. I ask that it
may be read for information.
There being 110 objection, the resolution was
read, as follows:
Resolved, That the Clerk, immediately after the adoption
of this resolution, shall call the roll in the election for punter
of the Iioi e of Representatives; end if, upon that ballot,
