1856.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1115
internal improvements by the General Govern-
ment/
Mr. RUTLER. Yes, sir; the Senator objects
to a general system—to a great system, but he
does not object to a small system for the improve-
ment of the harbors about Lake Michigan.
[Laughter.] i
Mr. CASS. That is another thing. [Laughter.]
Mr. BUTLER. Wow, sir, I propose to put Mr.
Calhoun right upon the record.
Mr. Calhoun went very far—in my judgment
too far—in favoring these measures; but I think
that he would have been impartial. I know that
in regard to the public lands he thought that, as a
great proprietor, the Government of the United
States was bound to contribute its share, and that
when a road or canal ran through the public
domain, alternate sections should be given by the
United States,in consideration of the improvement
of the residue. When you quitthatlimit which he
prescribed, and which was a very definite one,and
went off and took the best lands you could get
anywhere to make a canal, it was a violation of
the principle. I think the honorable Senator from
Michigan says that he is opposed to canals being
made a part of internal improvements.
Mr. CASS. Entirely.
Mr. BUTLER. Then what do you call that
around the Falls of St. Mary—a ditch ?
Mr. CASS. I call it what the honorable Sen-
ator now calls it — an improvement. I call it a
way for the United States to get to their property
on Lake Superior. It has increased that prop-
erty in value. The United States owned at the
time when that grant was made every foot of the
country. The ground on which we put it then
was a duplicate ground; first, that the passage
was essential to the military and naval operations
of the United States—that in fact, instead of hav-
ing two marines, which you must have if there
should be a war with England, one on Lake Erie
and another on Lake Superior, the construction
of that work would give you the power of having
one marine for both. Therefore it was not only
a measure of defense but of great economy. The
next ground was, that the construction of the
canal would almost double the value of the prop-
erty of the United States to which it gave access.
Mr. BUTLER. 1 know that it is fruitless to
continue this discussion, and I ought to beg the
pardon of the Senate for having said a word. I
know that I am in a minority, and ought to make
the most graceful retreat that I can. But, sir, if
a canal is not a ditch—the Senator calls it a way
 if it is not a way through which water runs 1
do not know what a canal is. The Senator says
it is to improve the property of the United States.
I rather think it is one of those things that is to
improve the property a little for us, and a great
deal for those who are interested in it.
Mr. STUART. I must ask the indulgence of
the Senate for a few words in reply to two propo-
sitions only. First, I desire to allude to the ob-
jection always made since I have been here by
the honorable Senator from South Carolina, that
these appropriations arc partial and sectional.
Sir, let me tell him that there has been move
money spent at Charleston to improve its harbor
than has been spent within the boundaries of the
State of Michigan. That is a fact on the record,
and therefore, as between Michigan and South
Carolina, there can be no great charge against
Michigan.
Now, sir, the Senator from Virginia objects
that this is on the score of the custom-house ap-
propriations, and that there is great danger of an
increase of expenditure. I think that Senator
ought to be excused for entertaining his views.
Let me inform him that we began at Norfolk
with an appropriation of $12,000, together with
the original site, to build a custom-house, and we
kept it going until we spent $99,411 61, besides the
original site, before we got the building. 1 mean
to prevent that in Michigan, by holding to the
laneuage of the second section of this bill, which
provides that there shall be no contract entered
into until it be made with responsible men to
complete the work for the amount appropriated.
Mr. HUNTER. The Senator did not prevent
it in the case of the custom-house at Detroit.
Mr. STUART. Because I had not the oppor-
tunity.
Mr. HUNTER. I think he said then that the
ground on which the custom-house was built
had sold for $40,000 more than it was proposed
to expend. The fact is that the whole sale
amounted only to 840,000.
Mr. STUART. There was a misapprehension
in that debate which I ought to take the earliest
opportunity to correct. I understood the ques-
tion which was put to me then by the Senator
from Virginia to be in respect to the site, and J
stated that $14,000 was made by the Government
in the exchange of sites. The sale of the old site
and the purchase of the new one saved the Treas-
ury $14,000. In the hurry of the discussion, how-
ever, it appears that I was understood to say—for
I have looked at the report of my remarks—that
the sale was more than the whole appropriation
for the custom-house. That was wrong. Itwas
not true. My remark was intended to be applied
only to the site.
The reason why I did not then present the facts
which I have now stated in regard to Virginia, in
order to show the hundreds of thousands of dol-
lars which we had expended, and the number of
custom-houses within that State, was because I
was about being crowded out by the expiration
of the morning hour, and then I could not pass
my bill at all. I have laid it by, however, and I
have the votes which were given on it. 1 shall
on some day show what votes were cast to put an
objectionable feature on that bill, who, on the
yeas and nays, voted against the whole bill.
Mr. HUNTER. The Senator will hardly be
able to show the hundreds of thousands of dollars
which have been expended for custom-houses in
Virginia.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. Mr. President, it would
have been much more satisfactory to me if,
instead of the numerous bills on this subject, the
Committee on Commerce had presented us in a
single bill whole view of the subject, all the im-
provements which they contemplate, and all the j
harbors the construction of which they propose.
We should then have been able to judge how far
they formed a connected and useful system, fur-
nishing protection and places of refuge along the [
whole line of navigation. We know with what I
ambition every village that springs up, great and
small, on the shores of the lakes, becomes ambi-
tious at once of having a harbor, of being a port
of entry, of having a commerce forced upon "it.
They promise themselves great prosperity from
such an expenditure of money. If the harbor
should turn out to be useless to the world, useless
to navigators, the making of it is an advantage
by the expenditure of th^ money to all these
little villages. It is, therCTore, exceedingly im-
portant that, while we afford places of refuge
and protection necessary to the commerce of the
country, we should avoid falling into that error
into which we are so apt to be tempted in distri-
buting this expenditure, of making harbors in
places less useful to the public and more in con-
formity to the individual ambition and cupidity
of every village on the shores of the lakes.
Now, sir, I know somewhat, though in a very
small degree, enough to satisfy my mind that, if
Congress has any duty whatever to be accom-
plished by the making of harbors for the protec-
tion of commerce, and the security of navigators,
the greatest and most imperative necessity for it
exists on these lakes. You may say, m general,
that there are no places of refuge there. They
have been made artificially,and at a large expense.
They are necessary, and ought to be made. So
many of them ought to be made (and no more)
as are necessary, to afford that protection, and at
just as little cost as they can be accomplished.
'This, I trust, is the disposition of our friends j
here. Senators representing the States more par-
ticularly and immediately interested in these ;
improvements. j
Mr. STUART. I can say to the Senator, that i
such is my object in every effort which I make. ;
Mr. CRITl'ENDEN. It is exceedingly de- J
sirous, therefore, that before we set to work at
any particular point, we should know how it is
connected in the course of navigation with other i
harbors to be constructed; tor I grant that there j
must be, and ought to be, many. I am fully pre-
pared to go to every expense that is necessary, to j
afford all the security to commerce, and to na\i- ,
gation, to which they are, in my judgment, en- .
titled, on every principle of the Constitution and j
of policy. Though happy to concur always with i
the honorable gentlemen from Virginia and South 1
Carolina, I must acknowledge that I think it a
great blessing to the country that they are in a
minority on this subject. Mr. Calhoun himself
declared, in a speech at Memphis, that when he
attended a convention whose great object was im-
provement, and a system of improvement in the
country, that the great river which flowed by,
and in view of him, was itself an ocean.
Mr. BUTLER. An inland sea.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. I think he called it an
inland ocean.
Mr. CASS. An inland sea—that is large
enough.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. Let it be an inland
sea then; it is entitled to all the protection and
all the improvement and all the expenditure
necessary for these purposes, just as much as
the harbor of Boston or of New York. That
was the opinion of Mr. Calhoun. These lakes
are great seas, and the scenes of a commerce that
will rival, if not exceed, the commerce of the
Mediterranean in time to come. We must look
upon it as such; we must treat it as such. For
myself, I have not a solitary scruple about the
constitutional power of making every necessary
improvement for a harbor that may be there. I
should like, however, to have a full view of the
whole subject; I should like to know what I am
doing; I should like to know that I am voting for
useful purposes, for systematized purposes, and
that one harbor is so situated in relation to an-
other, that the two, or the three, or the four, or
the five, shall contribute to a common system of
protection and refuge.
It seems to me, sir, that we have not gone on
very skillfully in relation to this matter, in the
way in which we have been acting. Take the
case of Cleveland. There has been a great deal
of money expended there, and more ought to be
expended. The place of refuge which has been
made there would be more formidable to me in
time of storm than the storm itself. If I were in
the middle of the lake, 1 would rather take the
chances of the storm than go into the place of
refuge, as it is called, which you have provided
at Cleveland. I should be afraid of running upon
the walls which constitute your harbor there, and
going to instant destruction. You have not made
the harbor half large enough. That is my im-
pression.
I know little practically in regard to these sub-
jects, and therefore it is that I desire to have my
judgment guided by those who have a profes-
sional knowledge, besides an intimate acquaint-
ance with the geography of the country around
and about the lakes. 1 would rather that the gen-
tlemen of the Committee on Commerce, if they
could find it convenient, would put all the con-
templated harbor improvements into one bill, that
we may look at them all together. I cannot
see the policy of legislating for this little place in
one hill, and another little village in another bill,
and some other place in another bill. Why di-
vide these measures? Gentlemen need not be
afraid of presenting at one view all the expend-
iture which may be necessary; for, be its amount
what it may, if it is within the limit of our means
conveniently to apply it, no sum would deter me
from voting for it where my judgment was con-
vinced of the necessity and propriety of the works.
I would prefer, therefore, that the gentlemen
would consolidate their eleven bills—as I am told
there are that number — all altogether. 1 would
rather vote for a dozen together, than vote for
them separately, m this way, when I do not
know, in any one instance, whether I am doing
right or wrong.
Mr. BUTLER. Mr. President, I know that
it is very unnecessary, and very useless, to dis-
cuss this subject; but one or two remarks fell
from my friend from Kentucky which struck me
as being indicative—I say indicative, for that is
about as much as I can say of the whole concern.
If you arc to enter into these improvements, you
ought to do so with good sense and intelligence,
and you ought not to require us to vote upon the
blank and blind representation of others. If you
appropriate money m this way, I say that you
ought to appropriate it to objects which are wor-
S thy of appropriation. I hope that my friend
| from Kentucky will take this into consideration
i when he is exercising this great power to make
j harbors on the lakes; and I dare say that t:tie
I lakes are entitled to harbors as much as any other
