1990
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
August 8,
Mr, PKINGLE. In explanation, I will say
•that, at the time the last appropriation was made,
It was thought that six volumes would contain
all the materials collected, and in the hands of
Mr. Schoolcraft; but now it is ascertained that
there are materials enough, and valuable materials,
for another volume, which is to be the last. The
amount to be 'paid depends somewhat on the
size of the volume.
Mr. HOUSTON. I had understood fhat we had
passed a law to limiting the number of volumes
of the work, I believe, five volumes. It was,
too, on full consideration and consultation with
the gentleman who himself proposed to make
this publication, that Congress limited the num-
ber of volumes.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I wili iefor to the law.
Mr. HOUSTON. Please! -...it read. We
will never get through this kind of thing so long
as wo propose to give large bounties for them.
Mr. CAMPBELL. In reply to the inquiry of
the gentleman from Alabama, 1 will read that
portion of the act of 1855. It is:
"For the completion of the collection of the sixth and
last, volume of the *tati>tics and othei information ot Indian
tribes, authonzed by tin* act of 3d .March, le 17, and s-ub-
aequent acts, the sum of ®17,-20(J. Prodded, That said vol-
ume shall be so condensed as to embrace all the maternal
now, or to be, colicctcd, and not inferior in any respect to
the preceding volumes: And, provided, further, That said
compilation shall be subjected, before publication, to levi-
sion by the Seerutaiy ot the Imertoi, with a view to the
curtailment in thowoik of all matter useless, lnelevant, or
inconsistent with the objects of the work."
Now, Mr. Chairman, it will be observed that
the appropriation made at tho last Congress was
oti the express provision that it was to terminate
this work.
Mr. PRINGLE. It was thought at the last ses-
sion that six volumes v/ould complete the work.
But it is found that there is material enough to
make another volume. A hundred years hence,
perhaps, this work will be all that will be left ot
the Indians of this country. I think, therefore,
the appropriation ou^ht to be made.
Mr. CAMPBELL. Idonot know, Mr. Chair-
man, that it will make any great difference
whether this amendment be adefpted or not. I
*m satisfied, from the manner in which the com-
mittee is going on, that we will have amendments
enough to make ten such bills as that reported
from' the Committee of Ways and Means. I
have great anxiety lo hurry the bill through in
some form or other. At the ratr we aio J2,oing on,
3 am satisfi< d that it will never become a law; and
we are spending <>ur time uselessly, in my opin-
ion, in making these amendments. I hope we
wjil hurrv on and get the bill out ol committee
in some shepe.
The amendment was v> j- elcd.
Mr. W U J T.N KV. I oiler the following amend-
ment:
For re pin nr 2! Me (Jove'm.vnf buiiditiir.
and u !ru f. at !h" qrui.uiiine -iatiu'i -U ii.e jx j
York,
1 ha\e been nu-seif ovt r the ground, and wit-
nessed the dilapidated condii ion ot these buildings,
and I am satisfied th it, unless the appropriation
be made, the Cro\ernment will be a loser. Tle'se
buddings are for the storage of goods deposited
at quarantine. The responsibility of theu safe-
keeping ftdU upon th^Oovornment. Tin* appro-
priation of $-hU)00 would put these buildings m
a good conditio.), ;>nd would be, perhaps, the
means of saving hundreds oi thousands of dollars
in losses. I trust the committee will jgreo to the
. mendment.
The amendment was rejected.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio. I am instructed
by the Committee of Ways and Means to offer
the following amendment:
Sti ike out the following lines of the bill:
To supply de!i'-:ei)( n> m the levenue of the I'o-U Oflice
Department,
That clause has been put in the Post Office
appropriation bill.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. MOTT. I oiler the following amend-
ment:
To authorize the Secretary of the Intenor to enlace the
buiMmgnowm piogioss of erection, to be used a* a eiihtom-
iiouw and post office, at Toledo, m the State of Ohio, by the
'idd.tion ot another *toty, and otherwise, as he siiall find
"x^edM'jit, the ^um of $'20,000, with ten per centum thereon
Or contingencies : Provided, That no part of the money ->liali
'ie evj>.jndcd until the Secretary of the Treasury shall hare
1 linu-ev,
oi \Yw
contracted, on such security as lie may approve, for the
completion of the said biuldmg po to be enlarged, at a sum
equal to, or less than, the sum heretofore and hereby appio-
pnated.
I desire that the report of the Committee on
Commerce shall be read.
The report was read, as follows:
The Committee on Commerce, to whom was referred the
bill making an additional appropnation for the enlarge-
ment of the custom-house and post office budding at Toledo,
Ohio, report:
That they have had the matter under consideration, and.
in view of the recommendations and of the tacts stated in
the following letter on the subject fiom the Secretary of the
Treasury, they repoit the bill back again to the House, and
recommend its passage.
Tkevspry Department, April 11, 1856.
Sir : I have to acknowledge the receipt of your letter of
tiie 9th mutant, tian.-mittmg a bill tor an additional appro-
pnation tor the enlaigement of the curiom-bouse and po&t ]
office building at Toledo, Ohio. I
In reply thereto, I have to state that the appropriation for
this work was $40,000, for a building of lorty-iivo by sixty j
feet, and thnty-two feet high. I
The Department w of opinion that such a building is |
scarcely large enough to accommodate the different branches
of the public business to be ptovuled for. especially that ol
the pos^t office, and that an enlaigement will he necessary.
The Department, therefore, i  m favor of increasing the
building by the addition of another story, winch will also be
an advantage in an aichitectural point of view, as all the
buddings in the immediate vicinity of the custom-house site
ate of gieater height than the stiuctuie now autiiomed..
To build such a thud &toiy would require an additional
appiopiiation of $20,000, with ton per cent, thereon foi
contingencies.
[ have lurther to add, that the buildings spoken of as
overshadowing the hitc of the eu^tom-hotisc w*. re not in
cxijtencc at the time the plans of the building wete p*<*-
pared. This fact is an evidence of the rapid growth of the
eitv.
Y.-m-v respectfully, vour obedient servant,
JAMErf GUTHRIE,
Sec rctary of the Treasury.
Hon. E. H. Wasiiiu'rm:, Chairman of Committee on Com-
mute, House of Rtt>> eccrdulives.
Mr. CAMP1JELL, of Ohio. I move to amend
the amendment by adding:
I'ioi idtd, Th.it no futuie apptopnation shall be made for
the w< ik.
Mr. LETCIIEI!. T do not srn much good in
that amendment of the gentleman from Ohio,
[Mr. Campbell.] I have no idea that any future
Congress will pay the slightest attention !o any
such proviso. This custom-house at Toledo is
forty feet long by some tlurty-otld ill breadth,
i and thirty feet high. Last year $40,000 was ap-
1 propriated to build it, and now it is proposed to
| raise it another story, and an appropriation of
§'20,000, with ten per cent, extra, is asked for that
purpose. It seems to me that the sum is rather i
; disproportionate to the work proposed to be done, j
1 hope the proviso proposed by the gentleman i
will not be adopted, for it will be useless to pre- j
xi nt future Congresses fiom making further ap- j
! propn.itions. ;
; The amendment to tho amendment was not ,
agreed to. j
' The amendment was not agreed to. ;
Mr. HALL. I am mstrurted by the Oommit-
te*1 on Tublie Buildings and Cirounds to otferthe
| following amendment:
i To cribble the Hncrctaiv of the Tuteiiorto purcha^* five
1 hundred h.nial lots m the;"Congressional linoiug-Urouud,
, a.-5uni not exceeding $^.000. PioviJed, The same be ex-
■ ponded m ihe coiwtiueuon of an noil fence on the north
! i-'ide ol •-•aid burial-piouiul.
!j Tho amendment was agreed to,
j Mr. MOTT. I ofTur the following amendment:
i To authon/.e the 55er rotary of the. Tiea&uiy to enlarge the
| budding now m piogrc^-- ol <jr<.'f tion, to be u-<'d a«< a eiMom-
i house :md post oIFkv, at Toledo, m the Slate ot Ohio, by
i1 t'ti' addition ofanothet ^toiy. and oihei wi^e, as he may find
i' H i'xprdn nt. the muu of ■*10.."n)0, \\ ilh ten per Tnt. thereon
i ibt connn:>riicic- Pmvidcd, The money shall not be ap-
piopinui-d until the Secretary ^hali have contiaeied, on -;ueh
■ i rc-nntiev as he in.u appio.e.loi the completion of said
buiUhna. ;o enl.u^'d. at a -inn e.jual to, or les-x than, the
^ amount heietofoie'and lieichy appropriated.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. We have passed
|i the portion of the bill where this amendment
; ought to lie inserted, and I hold the amendment
i1 to be out of order.
|| The CHAIRMAN. The Chair has already
! decided that, in his opinion, this was a bill made
i up of many and various miscellaneous items, and
that it was not material that an amendment, if
j m order, should be offered to any particular par-
' agraph.
| Mr. JONES. That is a very strange decision.
I I think this amendment ought to have been pro-
| posed at that part of the bill where such build-
■ mgs are provided for. We are now on appro-
priations in reference to the surveys of the public
lands; and surely this amendment has nothing
to do with that subject.
The CHAIRMA'N. In offering an amendment
to a bill of a miscellaneous character like this, it
is not necessary that it should be on the same
subject as the paragraph after which it is inserted.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. BILLINGHURST. I offer the following'
amendment by direction of the Committee on In-
dian Affairs:
To extend and complete ttie Anoka and IVTille Lac road
to the intersection of ttie road from Crow Wing to Knife
Portage, ,92,500.
To extend and complete the road from Crow Wing to
Knite Poitage, $8,000.
To extend and complete tUc road from Leech Creek to
Pembina, £12.000: Provided, Said roads be continued and
completed under the direction of the Commissioner of In-
dian Allan-''.
Mr. LETCHER. I rise to a question of order.
The amendment is not germane to this bill. It is
not in order to this portion of the bill which re-
lates to the public lands of the Government.
The CHAIRMAN. Is there any law author-
izing this work ?
Mr. B1LLINGHURST. It is in pursuance
of law and treaty stipulation. The roads have
been commenced, and these appropriations are
required for their completion.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. If it is in pursu-
ance of Indian treaty, why were not the appro-
priations made in the Indian appropriation bill?
The CHAIRMAN. This is a miscellaneous
bill, and contains appropriations in regard to al-
most every subject.
Mr. PHELPS. If this amendment be for the
purpose of carrying out treaty stipulations with
the Indians, it cannot he embraced in this bill.
There is an express rule on the subject, that no
money for the purpose of carrying out a treaty
stipulation shall be embraced m one of the general
appropriation bills.
Afr. B1LLTNGHURST. I call attention to the
following letter from the Commissioner of Indian
Ailuirs:
Department of the intertor, ^
orfice India* Affairs, February 19, 1856.
Hir • T have, the horiorto acknowledge the receipt of your
letter of the 1 kh mutant, askms? for a copy of the report of
William MeAboy, special agent of this office for the con-
struction oi '•eitani loads in the Turntory of Mfnnepotff,
piovidt-d for bv the thud article oftheneaty concluded 22d
Feh.narv, 1S5>, with the Mississippi ffhippewas, and of the
estimate appended thereto; al*o loi the opinion of the De-
paitmcnt. a- to the propriety and neces-4'y of continuing
the construction of the road as recommended fry bun.
In compliance with your rerjuet-t, I transmit herewith a
copy ot tho lepoit and estimate ict'erred to.
1 have no hesitation in expressing the opinion, that, inde-
pendent of the benefits which the Indians and the citizens
of the Tenttory of Minnesota would derive fiom the con-
ftt notion of the loads rccommcndcd by Mr. McAboy, the
Government would theieby, in a few years, save, in the
tiaiii-porration ofaood^ and provisions, See., more than it is
estimated said roads will cost.
Veiy le^piM'tfullv. vour obedient servant,
GKOUGrE W. MAiVVPENNY, Commissioner.
lion. II. AT. llien, House of Representatives.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair is of the opin- #
ion that the point is well taken; and, unless there
be an existing law authorizing the appropriation,
will rule the amendment out of order.
Air. BILLINGHURST. I was mistaken^ in
supposing there was an existing law authorizing
these appropriations. I am, however, informed
by the Delegate from the Territory of Minnesota
that appropriations have been made for the work—
that it has been commenced, and that this money
is required for its completion.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair sustains the
point of order.
Mr. TYSON offered the following amend-
ment:
I"oi futnir-lhng and ornamenting the Capitol with snch
woiks ot ait a? may be oidered and approved by the joint
Committee on tiie Library, to be placed m
tiie Capitol whetneady for their jeeeption, ^20,000.
Mr. McMULLIN. I doubt the propriety^!
making that appropriation now. Those new
wings of the Capitol will not be comjjleted cer-
tainly before the next Congress, and I think we
should not make such an appropriation as this so
long in advance.
Mr. SMITH, (of Virginia.) I rise to a ques-
tion of order. The amendment is not germane
to the appropriation under consideration.
The CHAIRMAN., So far as being germene
to the bill is concerned, the Chair holds ibst ha
cannot sustain the point of order.
