1856.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
I9tl
Mr. SMITH. 1 ask if there is any law au-
thorising it?
The CHAIRMAN. If there be an existing
law, or if the appropriation is for a contingency
in carrying out works already in progress", the
Chair holds the amendment to be in order.
Mr. T VSSON. It is for carrying out an exist-
ing- work.
Mr. McMULLIN. I appeal to the committee
to know if they are going to appropriate §20,000 !
for the purpose of purchasing ornaments for a
building which cannot be used for two years to
come?
Mr. PHELPS. The object of the amendment,
I suppose, is this: to permit the Joint Committee
on the Library to expend this much money in
procuring works of art to be placed in the Capitol
extension. These works of art could be pro-
cured under the general appropriation for the
building of the Capitol, and expended in that
way. I am more willing to trust the Committee
on the Library, than to trust the architect of the
Capitol extension.
Mr. McMULLIN. It seems to me that this
is expending money m advance of the time when
it is needed, t do not suppose that these wings
of the Capitol will be prepared for use before
next December twelve months. I ask gentlemen
if they suppose that the Congress of the United
States will occupy those wings before the time I
have indicated? Why, then, not let the next
Congress make this appropriation? 1 hope the
gentleman will withdraw the amendment, and
not insist upon it.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I move to reduce
the appropriation $5,000. It seems to me that it
would not be very good policy to authorize a
committee of this Congress to superintend the
preparation of works of art for ornamenting this
Capitol. This joint committee will expire and
go out of existence on the 4th of March next.
The present committee, strictly speaking, will
go out upon the adjournment of this session; but
the probability iy, I may say almost certainty, that
they will, if they live, be reappointed next ses-
sion, but at fui these they cannot continue after
the 4th of March next.
Now, sir, it will not be possible to have any
work of art executed by that time. Again, sir, the
superintendent of the extension of these wings
of the Capitol is now m the course of execution
of various woiks of art, to be placed m different
parts of those wings for ornaments. They are
being executed in siieds north of the Capitol,and
some of them are very superior specimens of art,
Mr. PRINGLE, What do you think of the
" Backwoodsman
Mi. JONES. The gentleman asks my opin-
ion about one piece winch represents a pioneer
in a new countiy chopping down a tree. I say I
do not think that that is a very good specimen.
The model only is there, but they have not yet
commenced to put it into marble. I do not think
that the model is a good representation of the
idea intended to be conveyed by it; though per-
haps I am not a judge. I do not think the work
was conceived or made by one acquainted with
pioneer life.
But there are other woiks there. One repre-
sents the " Mechanic,55 in his working garb,
with his took by him. That, according to my
judgment, is a superior work of the kind. That
work is finished. There are others m plaster,
not yet put into marble. One representing an
Indian clneflain in full costume; another repre-
senting " Education;5' another " Hope," &c.
Among these various works of art there are sev-
etal which, i think, are very superior works of
their kind. And 1 have no doubt that most of
them will be well executed; and perhaps it
would be better to leave them, and ali others of a
similar character, under the direction of the Su-
peuntendent of Public Buildings, than to place
them under the direction of the Joint Committee
on the Libru.-y, wluch will exist at longest but
iive or six months.
Air. FLORENCE. The argument of the gen-
tleman overreaches itself. He says that the pre-
paration of these works require some time. The
j on it committee, the gentleman says, expires with
this Congress. Now the joint committee, or
any committee, is perpetual, so far as itself is
concerned.
Mr. JONES. No, sir.
I Mr. FLORENCE. The gentleman says that
! b not so. Then, if the joint committee is au-
i thorized to make this contract with the artists,
: the superintendent having charge of the work
! can, for the purpose of accomplishing the sug-
1 gestion" contained in my colleague's amendment,
i take his authority from the Committee on the
! Library.
I Now, sir, it seems to me peculiarly proper,
1 just at this time, if it is considered proper by the
1 House or by the committee to make an appro-
; priation in order to procure these works of art,
: that we should make it now; for by the time
j these works can be executed, the wings will be
! advanced towards completion, and the orna-
j ments can be better placed then than when the
! buildings are further advanced.
| The question that is now presented to the com-
| mittee is as to the utility of this thing—the neces-
I sity of it. Ought it to be done: And if it be
I declared that it ought, then, in my judgment, this
j is the time when the appropriation should be
i made for that purpose. For months past there
have been m execution, in a building norm of the
i Capitol, very beautiful works of art—works very
! creditable to the genius of the persons engaged
j upon them; whether they are native or foreign
: artists, I do not know. They are all very beau-
j tiful, with the exception, perhaps, of that statue
I representing frontier-iife. I have not been ever
i engaged in frontier-life myself, except about the
! borders of my own district, and I know little
' else than that about it. But I do know some-
thing of mechanics, and recollect some school-life
scones, and I say that ali these models presented
( themselves to my mind as very beautiful, and
| quite true to the characters intended to be repre-
! sen ted. I trust the proposition of my colleague
' will prevail.
Mr. JONES withdrew his amendment.
The question was taken; and Mr. Tt&on's
amendment was agreed to.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio. I am instructed
by the Committee of Ways and Means to offer
the following amendment;
In line two hundred and t my stnko out the woid " six,*'
and insert ihe word eigntso as to make the paragraph
lead as follow* •
For annual repairs of the Capitol, wuier-i.lo«et>, public
fctables, water-pipe-1. pavement^. and other walk-, within the
Capitol Hjuare, bioken glass and lock.-, #8.000.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. BALL. I am directed by the Committee
on Public Buildings and Grounds to offer the
following amendment:
Foi the payment of laborer? employed in shoveling snow
from the walks to and around the Capitol, the Pi evident s
House, and othei public building 6'o00.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. CUMBACK. I offer the following amend-
ment:
Foi erecting oast-iron lamp po«ts and lighting the same
with gas nom th<' western termination of Pennsylvania
avenue, through Bridge and High Mreets irt Georgetown,
$4,000: Provided, The co^t of ibe sum; shall not exceed
the p:iee paid im iho-^e now in u-*o by the Government on
Pennsylvania avenue.
I offer this amendment by the unanimous in-
struction of the Committee for the District of
Columbia. 1 think it is highly important and
should be adopted. ! do not desire to take up the
time of the committee ill fuiiher "XpKuieiioii. It
is offered ,vt the request of the people of George-
town, and bv the unanimous consent of the Com-
mittee for the District of Columbia.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. It seems to me that
there is 110 propriety or justice whatever ill this
amendment. It is for lighting streets outside of
this city, and not leading to any of the public
buildings. Nor is it claimed, as with Washing-
ton, that it belongs to tins Government. It was
a town laid off before the District was located
here; and if we are to extend gas-light to George-
town at the expense of the Government, I ask
for what public pu'-pose is it done :
Mr. CUMBACK. This amendment provides
for the lighting of the continuation of Pennsyl-
vania avenue through the city of Georgetown.
It is well known that there aie" a great many for-
eign ministers and members of Congress resident
in°Georgetown; and I think it 01 as much im-
portance that the streets of that town should be
lighted as that the avenue leading to the navy-
yard should be lighted, where there are 110 public
buildings
Mr. JONES. Why, sir, Pennsylvania avenue
is now lighted west as far as the bridge across
Rock, creek; and this amendment is tt> earry the
system over into Georgetown, and there light tta
streets. 1 can see no propriety in that. Thejjixt
application will be to pave and light ali the street?
of that town.
Mr. TRAFTON called for tellers.
Tellers were not ordered.
The question was taken; and the amendment
"was rejected.
Mr. W A LBRIDGE moved to amend tile-clause,
" For purchase of books for library at the exec-
utive mansion, to be expended under the direction
of the President of the United States, $250," by
adding the following:
The: difference between the amount paid to the several
principal accountants of (lie General Land Office and $1,400
per annum, as contemplated for such service by the act of
July 4, l&'tG, reorganizing that office, shall be paid out of
any money in the Treasury not otherwise appropriated. .
Mr. LETCHER. I rise to a point of order.
That amendment provides for independent legis-
lation, and is therefore out of order.
Mr. /WALBRIDGE. Before the Chair decides
the point of order, 1 desire to have a communi-
cation read.
Mr. LETCHER. No, sir; let the Chair.decide
the question of order, and 1 imagine there will be
no necessity for having the communication read.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair decides that
the point of order is well taken, and that the
amendment is out of order.
Mr. ZOLLICOFFER offered the following
amendment:
For the repair of dams constructed by the Government m
the Cumberland river, $50,000.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio. That amendment
is not in order.
Mr. ZOLLICOFFER. I should like to know
upon what ground?
Mr. CAMPBELL. I will state the ground.
I can sec very good reasons why the improve-
ment which the gentleman from Tennessee pro-
poses to authorize ought to be made. But let me
say to the friends of internal improvement meas-
ures m this House, that, if we begin by attaching
one improvement of this kind, we shall have
every bill which has been reported in the House
for the improvement of rivers and harbors at-
tached to this civil appropriation bill. I hope the
gentleman from Tennessee will not insist on his
amendment.
Mr. ZOLLICOFFER. The committee will
recollect that the Government undertook to con-
struct this work, and it has never been comple-
ted.
Mr. CAMPBELL. If the gentleman insists
upon his amendment, I must insist upon my ques-
tion of order. There is no existing law author-
izing tiie appropriation.
Mr. ZOLLICOFFER. There is ail existing
law.
Mr. CAMPBELL. The amendment is not
! germane to the bill, ind for various other reasons
j it is not in order.
i Mr. ZOLLICOFFER. I assure the committee
i that there is on existing law, and that the amend-
\ ment is germane to the bill.
5 The CHAIRMAN. The Chair rules that the
amendment is for eoiitinuinga work already 00m-
| menced by the Government, and is,therefore,tn
; order.
Mr. CAMPBELL. Very well; now bring on
i your river and harbor bills.
i Mr. JOiN'ES, of Tennessee. I should like to
\ know of my colleague when the last appropria-
tion was made by the Government for this work?
Mi. ZOLLICOFFER. In 1834. I have here
1 a communication from the topographical bureau,
■' saying that the woik has never been finished. 1
1 have statements from steamboat captains on that
. river, saying that the dams have broken through,
i and that" the" water is washing their banks. My
' colleague well knows that this is an important
work. The commerce of that river is very val-
1 liable, and there is much danger of this important
- work being destroyed.
i Mr. McMULLiN. X should like to see the
j law authorizing this appropriation. I am not
i aware of the existence of any such law. I ap-
1 peal from the decision of the Chair.
The question, " Shall the decision of the Chair
