1118
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 6,
made of the destruction of human life, as well as
the destruction of property, cm the Atlantic coast,
on the coast of the State of New Jersey, unlimited
power was given to the Secretary of the Treas-
ury to provide against such disasters in future.
I ask only as much for Lake Superior.
I do not suppose that the present appropri-
ation will suffice to build a harbor at Marquette,
such as will be in all respects suitable to the com-
merce of that region of the country forever; but
I suppose it will be sufficient for the present;"that
it will be sufficient to establish a place of refuge
from storm for your vessels; that it will be suffi-
cient to protect the lives of the people of the
United States engaged m that commerce. Why,
sir, the Government of the United States is now
the greatest proprietor of all that land; and every
vessel which comes into the harbor of Marquette
increases the value of that public domain, and
increases the amount of money which comes into
the Treasury of the Union from year to year. It
comes at last to this simple question: Will the
Government of the United States persist in ignor-
ing the substantial fact that she has these great
lakes and great rivers upon the continent, which
stand upon the same foundation, in every lespect,
as the ocean itself; orshall she proceed upoif the
idea that these rivers are to be treated as if they
were not of capacity to allow the passage of a
single steamer ? - If there could bo anything cal-
culated to alienate the people of the West from
the Union, it would be that old question which
existed before the time of the Constitution, that
old attempt to obstruct the navigation of the
western waters. The State of Virginia was then
foremost in her opposition to it; and it is to
her, more than to any other State in the Union,
that we owe the fact that the whole navigation
of the Mississippi was not surrendered to Spain.
I only ask her to stand to her principles, to stand
to the interests of one half of her own State; to
give us of the North and northwest an opportu-
nity of carrying our property to the sea. We pay
taxes—all that are levied upon us; we contribute
our share, not only to the burdens of this Gov-
ernment, but to its prosperity. If you strike at
the existence, to-day, of the agricultural produce
and wealth of the northwest, 1 should like to
know where would be that revenue which you
derive from the duty on imports?
1 am sorry to have detained the Senate. I was
willing to take a vote on these bil:s, and allow
them to stand on the observations which have
been made by my two friends from Michigan;
but time and again during the course of this ses-
sion, as often as the question has been brought
up incidentally, we have heard complaints made
that certain Senators from the Northwest were
anxious to press these things—that they con-
sumed the time of the Senate—that they put aside
every other consideration. Why, sir, we have
had one day only, besides this day, during the
whole session for the consideration of these bills,
and three fourths of that day were occupied in
debate on the case of the Savannah river appro-
priation. Now when the proposition is made to
turn aside from this little harbor of refuge—one
of the two harbors upon the whole shore of Lake
Superior—upon the suggestion that wc must have
a general bill, that we must lose another season,
that we must expose to peril the lives and prop-
erty of the people for another twelvemonth, that
we must engage in the discussion of the reports
of topographical engineers and other engineers,
and that thus this measure is to be put off indefi-
nitely, I hope the majority of the Senate will
stand firm on the principles which are announced
by the votes already given.
Mr. BROWN. Mr. President, it seems to me
that we of the Democratic faith have gone sadly J
astray on this subject of internal improvements. I
We have either passed resolutions which we do !
notunderstand, or having passed them we delib- '
erately tramplethem under foot. Itis high time I
think, that we strike those resolutions from the
book of our principles, or else resolve to adhere
to them. In 1848, when our venerable friend
from Michigan was made the standard-bearer of
the Democratic party, we resolved against a gen-
eral system ofinternal improvements. The Whigs
in my part of the country charged precisely what
we have before us in the Senate to-day. They
said, 1' You mean to have no general system of
improvement, but you mean to have it in detail.''
When I was appealed to I said, with that frank-
! ness which I trust has always been and always
| will be a part of my character, "We contemplate
no such thing; we are incapable of declaring
againsta general system which shall bear equally
m its burdens upon all parts of the countiy,
and which shall dispense its blessings on all parts
of the country, and then go for a spccial system
of legislation which shall benefit one section at
the expense of another."
I believed then, that my party was sincere on
this question, and that, in declaring against a
general system, it declared against the system in
the aggregate and in detail, "it seems, however,
that I am to learn from the Senate now a different
lesson. Individual members of the party—I do
not say that it is the action of the party in the
aggregate—individuals representing its interests
and the interests of the country here, do support
these measures of special legislation. I am free
to say now, as I have said at home, that, if we
are to have internal improvements at all by the
General Government, I am for a general system
—a system which shall dispense its blessings
alike on every section, and the burdens of which
shall be borne equally by all parts of the Union.
I am opposed to sectional legislation, to class
legislation, to legislation for the benefit of partic-
: ular neighborhoods, States, or sections of the
! Confederacy.
| Two years ago we passed a bill distributing
! about $5,000,000 of the public money among the
; several States for the improvement of rivers and
harbors. We sent it to the President of the Uni-
ted States; and whatever other faults may be
found with him, it stands, in my judgment, to
his eternal credit that he vetoed that bill. Now,
sir, what have we here? The items of that bill
! are taken up, one by one, and each is incorporated
into a separate bill. That which he could not
gulp down at one draught, he is expected to
take by piecemeal. You do notpropose to physic
the President on the good old plan of the allo-
pathists, but you approach him with your home-
opathic doses, and you give them to him m in-
finitesimal parts, dividing them up as though you
expected that, when he could not take the whole
pill at once, he would take it at a thousand dif-
feient swallows if it were divided. 1 do notknow
what he will do, but 1 know what he ought to
do. When you send him the first of these infin-
itesimal parts, these homeopathic doses, he ought j
to treat it precisely as he did treat the whole i
dose, and throw it back upon you.
If we are to have these improvements made at
all by the money of the Federal Government, I
say again, let us have a system. When we de-
clared as a great party against a general system
of internal improvements, I understood that we
were declaring against it in the aggregate; and as
the major always includes the minor, when we
declared against the greater evil, I supposed that
we declared against all the little evils which lay
beneath it. As a member of the Democratic
party, speaking what I conceived to be its inter-
ests, maintaining what I believed to be its princi-
ples, I repelled the imputation, that while we
were opposed to a general system of internal im-
provements we were for doing the same thing m
detail.
Sir, this must stop. You must either cease to
pass these bills, or strike opposition to internal
improvements from the platform of your party.
This kind of cheatery and humbuggery-on the
country cannot be long tolerated. When yon say
that you cannot improve rivers and harbors—that
it is against the principles of the party to do so,
and then take up a harbor in this State, and a
| river somewhere else, and go on scattering your
. improvements all over the Union, taxing one
, man's constituents for the benefit of another's,
! you cannot expect the people to believe that you
are acting fairly. Such an idea may pass cur-
rent here; but when you get out before the straight-
forward, the honest-hearted, the wool-hatted, and
home-spun breeched farmers of the country, they
will not understand it. They will say that there
is an attempt among the politicians to cheat them
on this (ftiestion.
Mr. PUGH. Allow me to say to my friend
that he will not find " rivers and harbors" in the
platform.
Mr. BROWN. "Rivers and harbors" is
not there, but " a system of internal improve-
ments " is there; and in the name of all that is
righteous and just is not this a part of that sys-
tem? Why, sir, I was talking to a friend the
other day on the subject of the Pacific railroad,
and he undertook to prove its constitutionality
to me in a new way. He asked me, " Do you
not admit that we have the right to open a
wagon-road if we find it necessary for military
purposes?" After some hesitation, I admitted
that it was possible we might do it. " Well,"
said he, " if you have a right to cut down trees
for that purpose, have you not a right to smooth
over the surface of the ground ?" I thought that
was reasonable. " Then',v said he, "ifyou
can smooth the surface of the ground, can you
not dig it down to a level where it is a little too
high in one place, and pile it up where it is a
little too low in another?" It seemed to be pos-
sible that we might do it. "Now, " said he,
" if you come to a swampy place, can you not
lay a stick of wood across it and make a cause-
way, so that wagons can pass over it?" " Perhaps
you can," 1 responded. " Then, if you can do
that—if you can lay down sticks of wood in
swampy places—can you not lay them down in
places which are not swampy; and if it be neces-
sary, can you not put down the wood close to-
gether, two and a half feet or three feet apart,
and when you get the timbers down, can you not
lay iron rails across them, if that be necessary to
keep them together; and when you get them
down can you not run a wagon upon them, drawn
by steam, just as well as a wagon drawn by
horses ?"
I found that he was making me admit myself
clear out of court—that he was fixing down a
Pacific railroad on me, starting with a plain little
wagon road for military purposes. Thus we
commence in these matters. Some little scheme
is started by which you improve a particular har-
bor, because there is a great deal of shipping there,
and then you assimilate something else to that,
and something else again to that. Thus you go
on, deducting one conclusion from another, until
you arrive at the point to which you have resolved
that you would never go, violating all your prin-
ciples.
Sir, we have got to sea upon this subject; we
have broken our rudder; we have lost our com-
pass; the pilot is overboard; and the ship is at
the mercy of the winds and the waves. It is
high time that we got to a harbor—one not
made by men by appropriations from the Trea-
sury, hut one made by God Almighty.
I trust that we shall have a test vote on this
question. 1 know of no better occasion on which
to' have a direct, up-and-down, straight-out test
vote, and see how we stand. The Democratic
convention is soon to assemble; and if we, as a
party, do not mean to stand up against internal
improvements by the money of the Federal Gov-
ernment, let us say so like men. I am opposed
to these appropriations, and I have been from
the beginning, and as an individual I expect to
remain so; but I desire to know where I am to
,8i Mid as a party man. I do not want to go home
and be humbugging my constituents with "the idea
that my party is opposed to internal improvements
when it is not. If we are opposed to them let us
say so, and stand by our declarations. If, as a
party, we mean to give up our position, let us do
it at once and be done with it. Of all parties in
the world the Democratic party is the last that
ought to practice humbuggery. ltneverhas done
it upon any question, and ought not to do it upon
this. Let us have an open, plain, straightfor-
ward, honest course to pursue on the subject of
internal improvements, as on all others. If we
find that we do not agree—that it is not a sound
principle, let us abandon it openly.
My constituents are opposed to these appro-
priations on principle. They are opposed to.
them on interest. They have been taught to be-
lieve that they are wrong—that they lead to mon-
strous abuses, to enormous corruption, and to a
prodigal waste of the public money. But, sir, if
we are to make these appropriations—if they are
to become a part of the permanent policy of the
Government, let us all understand it, and let us
have a fair start. If there is to be a scramble for
the public Treasury of the country, I want to know
it; 1 want my State, which contributed its pro-
portion to the national Treasury, to have a fair
share in the division when it comes to be divided
