382
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[April 14,
34th Cong.... 1st Sess.
Kansas Legislative Petition—Mr. Harlan.
Senate.
the sort; and the Senator will so find in the report
of my remarks. . T j
Mr. HARLAN. If the remark which I made
does misrepresent the honorable Senator from
Ohio, no one will more gladly stand corrected
^MrT^TOUCEY. I beg leave to correct the
^Mr°HARLAN. I think, if honorable Sen-
ators will suffer me to proceed, they will find that
I do not differ from them as to what they did state.
Mr. TOUCEY. I did not say one word m
regard to Colonel Lane. I did not allude to him.
Mr. HARLAN. It is this death-like silence
[laughter] that, I suppose, caused the honorable
Senator from South Carolina to inquire of the ,
Senate who was the bearer of thepetitionAll
his friends had forgotten him. The honorable
Senator from South Carolina asked. Who is this
James H. Lane ? He told us he did not know
him. The honorable Senator from Ohio made
no response. , _ _
Mr. PUGH. I heard no such question. If
the Senator himself, or any one else, had asked
me who was Colonel Lane, I should have given
all the information in my power; and if the Sen-
ator desires me to give it, I will do so now.
Mr. HARLAN. Fortunately now, by refer-
ence to the records and the history of the coun-
try, I am tolerably well posted up. If the inform-
ation had been given on Thursday last it would
have been very acceptable.
Mr. PUGH. Then the Senator does not wish ,
to hear from me.
Mr. BUTLER. I never mentioned Lane's 1
name.
Mr. HARLAN. By reference to the printed
speech of the honorable Senator from South Car- ;
olina, he will find that he propounded the ques-
tion, How did this petition get here? and he told
us that he did not know. The honorable Senator
from Michigan, too, who presented the petition,
was unable to answer the question. It seemed
just at that time that his memory was oblivious,
and that he had forgotten the author of the letter
addressed to himself at Paris, dictated and drawn
up, I believe, by this James H. Lane.
Mr. CASS. Does the Senator mean to say
that I made any allusion to him at all?
Mr. HARLAN. I meant to say that the ques-
tion of the honorable Senator from South Caro-
lina was not answered by any one of these hon-
orable Senators.
Mr. CASS. Allow me to say one word to the
gentleman. He assumes that a question was put
which was not answered.. Why, sir, you have
no right to require every man to get up here, and
answer every question put in that way. If a
Senator, in the course of his remarks, says that
a fact is not so, am I bound to contradict it? You
may allude to what a Senator himself says; but
you can draw no inference from his failure to
friends had forgotten me, or that they were will-
ing to contribute to my ruin. No technicality of
casuistry would be with me an acceptable substi-
tute for such an answer as would give me the
benefit of my previous good character.
I am bound then to conclude that his old friends
had forgotten him, as I am not willing to con-
clude that they intended to ruin him by their si-
lence. The honorable Senator from Michigan
must have forgotten the author of the letter to
Paris, to which I have referred—who called the
ratification meeting in the army in Mexico—ivho
made more than one hundred speeches in the
State of Indiana in 1848 in favor of his election to
the Presidency ? The friends of the President of
the United States who represent his views and
interests on this floor, must have forgotten who
stumped the State of Indiana in its length and
breadth, in favor of the election of Franklin Pierce.
Above all, Mr. President—I feel like asking
pardon in advance for referring again to the hon-
orable Senator from South Carolina, [Mr. Bct-
leh,] who seems to desire information, and to
demand vouchers. That Senator has hitherto
seemed to me to know almost everything. He
can tell us who fought the battles of Greece and
Rome ; he is quite familiar with Nestor, and Hec-
tor, and Priam, who were engaged in the fabled
battles of Troy; but he seems to have forgotten
who fought the battles of his own country.
[Laughter.]
Let me recapitulate the facts which I have
,stated to show "who is James H. Lane," who
presented this petition of the members of the free-
State Legislature of Kansas, which is charged
on him as an impudent forgery. He is the
same Janes H. Lane who made stump speeches
over Indiana in 1840, in support of Martin Van
Buren for the Presidency-; who made speeches
in 1844 for James K. Polk and George M. Dal-
las; who traversed the State from end to end in
1848, making speeches for the Democratic ticket;
who marched into Mexico at the head of battal-
ions raised and disciplined byhimself; who came
back from the battle-fields or Mexico to receive a
nomination from the Democracy of Indiana for
the office of Lieutenant Governor; to receive a
nomination from the Democracy of Indiana for
the office of senatorial presidential elector; to re-
ceive a nomination from the Democracy of his
own district for the office of Representative in
! Congress; who held all these three offices actually
and prospectively at the same time. He is the
same Lane who voted for the Nebraska-Kansas
bill in Congress; whose vote was supposed to
be necessary to secure its passage. He is the
same Lane, who, in pursuance of the principles,
(" the true intent ana meaning") of that bill, went
to Kansas to enjoy the privileges of " squatter j
sovereignty;" but when the Territorial govern- j
ment entirely failed to answer the end of its ere- i
ation to give the people protection of person and
JUU UUI UI,MIT UV MMWVIJW   VU  , **""" — Q  I ( I  r
notice or answer a question that is not addressed of property, first attempted to rally the Democ-
to him; there is no ethics in that,
Mr. HARLAN, Mr. President, I should be
loth to engage in a controversy with the honor-
able Senator from Michigan on a question of cas-
uistry. I know something of his history; l.kSiow
something of his great najne; I know something
of the strength of the, affection which the Amer- j
ican people have for him; and I am aware, sir,
the bare statement of the distinguished Senator ;
from Michigan might weigh down the most con- j
elusive reasoning from so humble an individual ;
as myself.
But, Mr. President, why were these questions
propounded, and left without an answer? Mr.
. Lane is .the bearer of a petition which purports
on its face to be the petition of the members of
the Legislature of Kansas. Honorable Senators
pronounce it to be an " impudent fraud;" they ia-
quirefor "the source from which it comes here?"
. " How did it get here?" say they, " By fraud,
-by misrepresentation," is a response. " It must
Jiave a voucher"—"should know from whom
such documents as these come." It is said to be
in such bad odor as to disgrace the small minority
who persisted in the defense of its reception, and
still no one speaks. Had I been the bearer of a
* petition—haa these grave charges been preferred
against roe, and a vimcher demand*#, and had no
one responded, I would have concluded that my
racy, and that failing, then to rally the people at
j large, for the purpose of organizing a provisional
| government for their own protection. And now
I he comes to the American Senate as. an humble
j petitioner to bear the tale that this people tell of
! their own wrongs.
Sir, if this gentleman had been associated with
me in 1840, in supporting the election of William
Henry Harrison for the Presidency—if he had
been, by the authority of the Whig party, their
standard-bearer—and had he supported the elec-
tion of Henry Clay in 1844—had he, by their
direction, in 1848, been intrusted with their ban-
ner—and had he labored for the: election of Gen-
eral Taylor—if he had been, by the voice of that
party, its representative, in 1852, irt supporting
the election of the gallant Scott for the Presidency
—if he had, at the same time, held the three offi-
: ces to which I have referred, by the authority of
j the party with which I acted, and with my assent
j —I would have Supposed him to be a man of suf-
ficient respectability to be the-humble bearer of a
petition to the United States Senate; and I would
nave felt bound to conclude his presentation of
Such a paper a sufficient voucher for its authen-
ticity and the genuineness of its character.
The time has been, sir, when the Whig jour-
nals and politicians have charged corruption on
the Democratic party for elevating men to place
and power who were dsstitute of honesty and
moral integrity. The charge made on Thursday
last, by Democratic Senators, against a gentle-
man who has been the champion and standard-
bearer of the Democratic party for sixteen years,
would have furnished them the occasion for say-
ing that'^it was just as they expected;" " that lie
had been trained in a bad political school." But,
sir, when the virulent feelings that sometimes
accompany party contests subside, and especially
when increasing years bring us greater experience
4nd wisdom, we learn to make less distinction
between the honesty of men on account of their
political affinities. I have long since learned that
men may be my most bitter political opponents,
and yet be honorable, upright, and truthful. Al-
though Mr. Lane has been a political opponent
of mine all his life, so far as I know, he is still a
man of integrity and truth. It seems to me to be
a very severe school of politics that assails all its
old war-worn soldiers as morally dishonest and
corrupt, who cannot indorse its every erratic dog-
ma; but a much severer principle of legislative
polity, to deny all such the right of petition; the
right to relate, in their own language, the narra-
tive of their own grievances.
Should they make statements that are untrue,
the Committee on Territories are competent to
investigate their credibility. If a petition should
be received and referred, on doubtful evidence of
authenticity, the committees of this body, elected
by the majority, are competent to entertain that
question,and tq report as they may find the facts
to warrant. It seems to me that there was no press-
ing necessity for stopping the ordinary business
of legislation to enable the Senate of the United
States to go down into a committee room, and
take from the files of the committee a paper pre-
viously referred, for the purpose of reexamining
its chirography.
I desire now, sir, to read to the Senate what
Mr. Lane says of the paper which became the
subject of such severe scrutiny and criticism on
the part of honorable Senators on Thursday last.
He says:
To the honorable the Senate of the United States :
. Your memorialist, claiming to-be entitled to a seat in your
honorable body as a Senator from the State of Kansas,
when her present application fbr admission into the Union
shall be granted, would respectfully represent:
That the memorial from the members of the Senate and
the House of Representatives of the provisional government
of Kansas, presented by the Senator from Michigan, Gen-
eral Cass, at the request of your memorialist, which was
the subject of debate on Thursday last, was framed and
adopted as follows:
The General Assembly of Kansas assembled at Topefca
on the 4th of last month, March, under the constitution
which was ratified by the people on the 15th of December
| last, and a copy of which has been presented to your hon-
orable body. A committee was appointed for the purpose
of drafting a jneiaorial to Congress, asking for the admis-
sion of Kansas into the Union as a State. That committee,
by its chairman, John Hutchinson, Esq., reported the ac-
cotnpanying.menwrial,aboqt four weeks since, a short time
before the General Assembly took a recess until the 4tli of
July next.,
This memorial was read in each House, and by each
unanimously adopted. It wa* Hastily prepared by Mr.
Hutchinson; and, although entirely correct in its relation
of fact, was deemed, by some crude and prolix in its phrase-
ology. To remedy these .defects, it was referred to a com-
mittee, of which Mr. Hutchinson was made cfiairman, with
power to revise, modify, and correct it; and with instruc-
tions to prepare threeerevised .copies—one for each House
of Congress,and one for the people of the United States.
. The committee on revision met, a short time after, at
Topeka, (the General Assembly taking a recess,) and Gov-
ernor Robinson and your memorialist were present by in-
vitation. Thfe memorial was examined, and it was determ-
ined that so much of it as was-superfluaus and inconsiderate
in its form of expression should be omitted in the revised
copies whieh your memorialist, who wis on his wayto this
city as one of the United Slates Senators elect, was in-
structed to prepare and submit. This duty your memorialist
proceed^ to discharge immediately upon hiaarrival. Three
copies were prepared by a clerk; upon examining them
some sentences were considered superfluous, Which he was
directed by your memorialist to. erase. Thus the three
copies, with their alterations,, were prepared in this city
in conformity with the authority vested in your memorialist
by the committee on revision; ajjd, when so prepared, were
submitted to Charles Robinson and Morris Hunt—the one
the Governor, the other one of.the supreme judges of the
provisional governmentof Kansas—who accompanied your
memorialist to this city, and by them were sanctioned.
They were seen by no other person, except one member of
the House of Representatives, who casually entered the
reran when they were being reaid, until they were confided
to the Senator from Michigan, General Cass,and the mem-
ber from Indiana, Mr. Macs, to be presented to their re-
spective branches. After their reception and reference the
the third copy was given to an editor of & New York city
paper for publication.
