1856.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1119
out. In the bill which the President vetoed two
years ago I believe there was a small appropria-
tion of $5,000 to remove the bar at the mouth of
the Pascagoula river. I suppose the sum was so
small that my friend from Michigan, and the
other members of the committee, overlooked it
this year, and reported no bill for it. It is a matter
of very little consequence. I presented it here at
a late hour one night, because I knew that it was
infinitely more meritorious than a great many
appropriations in the bill.
Sir, you may talk about your harbors, but the
best harbor on your Atlantic and Gulf coast is in
the State of Mississippi, where you have from
seventeen and a half to nineteen feet of water-
where there has never been a dredging machine
placed—where there has never been one sixpence
of money appropriated for the purposes of im-
provement. That is a harbor in which the whole
British fleet in the war of 1812 and 1815 rode with
safety during the winter preceding the battle of
-he 8th of January, 1815. We have asked for no
money from the national Treasury to improve it.
We have been standing on the principle of oppo-
sition to these appropriations. We have failed
to build up a city there; our commerce has lan-
guished; our agriculture to some extent has lan-
guished, simply because we opposed these meas-
ures on principle, even to our own disadvantage.
If this opposition is to be abandoned, I desire to
have the harbors in my State improved.
We have rivers penetrating the State which
are nofrimproved. Our agriculture languishes in
consequence. We have not asked for your bounty
to improve them, because we understood that
that party with which my State has always acted
was opposed to it; but if you are going to depart
from your principle, if you are going to abandon
it, let us understand you, so that all of us may
have an equal and a fair chance. I shall want an
appropriation to improve the harbor at Cat Island
and at Pascagoula. I shall want to improve the
navigation of the magnificent Pearl, of the Yazoo,
and of other rivers penetrating my State. I have
asked for no such appropriations, because I have
been standing on a principle. If, however, we
are simply opposed to a general system of internal
improvements, and can make any amount of them
in detail, I shall bring in my part of the detail.
If we can improve this harbor and that, this river
and that, in other States, I shall expect you to
vote appropriations to improve harbors and livers
in my State; but I desire to know where we stand ?
Mr. WELLER. Mr. President, if this were a
new question, 1 might be disposed to go back to
the policy adopted at the beginning of the Govern-
ment, which was, I believe, to authorize the States
in which harbors were located, to impose tonnage
duties, for the purpose of improving or keeping
them in repair. In my judgment, this was in
some respects the fairest as well as the most eco-
nomical plan. In this way, those who use a har-
bor and avail themselves of its benefits, would be
taxed for any improvement which might be neces-
sary to advance their interests. If that system
were adopted, those States which are without har-
bors would in no shape or form be taxed for the
purpose of making or improving harbors in other
States. That policy, however, was abandoned ;
long since. And after all, if the question be fol- j
lowed through all its ramifications, it would be
found that these tonnage duties operated as a tax
upon the productive industry or labor of the whole
country.
I never learned until to-day that the Democratic
party of the United States stood committed
against the exercise of the power to improve har-
bors. This is the first time in my life that I have
received the information that the Democracy in
this country were committed against the improve- ;
ment of harbors on the ocean, or on lakes, when !
necessary either for military or commercial pur- .
poses. That distinguished man whom my friend j
from Mississippi always followed—I allude to !
Mr. Calhoun—never denied the power of the i
Federal Government to make appropriations for j
the improvement of harbors. All the prominent j
men of the Democratic party, from its organiza- ]
tion to this day, have conceded that this power is ;
vested in Congress. I have never heard it sen- ;
ously denied until to-day, by the Senator from
Mississippi. Like that Senator, I desire that our
position on this question shall be understood by
the whole American people. Like him, I never
seek concealment. My opinions are honestly en-
tertained, and always boldly avowed. And this,
I have always thought, was the distinguishing
characteristic of the party with whom I am also
connected.
It is admitted that we have the power to ap-
propriate, as we are doing, millions of dollars
every year for the purpose of building up and
maintaining a Navy on the ocean, to protect our
commerce, and defend our coast in the event of
war. And yet it is said that you have not the
power to appropriate a dollar for the construction
or improvement of a harbor to protect that Navy
from the storms and winds of heaven. You have
now placed upon Lake Michigan a war steamer.
She is under the command of a naval officer.
You have also revenue cutters there. You have
the power to do these things, but.it is denied that
you have the power to improve a harbor which
may be nccessary to shelter those vessels in the
event of a storm! You deny the power of the
Federal Government to improve a harbor so as
to protect your vessels of war; and this, I am
told, is your Democracy! You have on the At-
lantic ocean, on the Caribbean sea, and on the
Gulf of Mexico, a fleet that has cost you an im-
mense sum of money; and still it is said you have
not the power, under the Constitution, to appro-
priate a single dollar to shelter it! Is that the
Constitution? Is that the position of the Demo-
cratic party of the United States? Are they to put
on this Mississippi strait-jacket ? Are we to make
thisGovernmentan impracticable machine, as the
doctrine of my friend from Virginia would make
it? Sir, is it come to this,that you have not the
power to construct harbors which may be neces-
sary to protect your vessels in the event of a
war? Can you not provide places of refuge for
your navy? Are our vessels to be wrecked on
our coast, and the lives of our people sacrificed,
on the pretext that we have not the constitutional
power to provide places of refuge ? Suppose that
upon the Gulf of Mexico, the enemy m time of
war should present a fleet too strong for you to
meet, and your vessels should desire to take
refuge in some of your harbors: have you not
the power in the time of peace to prepare for such
a contingency? In time of war you concede you
would have a right to appropriate the public mo-
ney for such a purpose. But it would then be
too late. Can you not in peace prepare for these
things ?
My friend from Mississippi certainly entertains
opinions that are at variance with those of the
Democratic party. He alludes to our national
platform. We do deny the power of this Gov-
ernment to enter into a general system of internal
improvements. What is that? Itis well known
that the party which was m power under the ad-
ministration of John Gtiuncy Adams claimed that
the Federal Government could appropriate as
much of the national treasure as it picked for j
the construction of works of internal improvement '
within the limits of a State. When we came into j
power, our great Democratic leader, whom we all i
delighted to honor, (General Jackson,) placed his j
veto on the Maysville road bill. There were plans !
pending and concocted which would have involved \\
Government in the expenditure of $200,000,000. !
It was against such a policy as this that the Dem- j
ocratic paity raised their voice. It was against \
the seizure of the public treasuxe to make local
improvements within the limits of the States of
this Union. It was against embarking in a general
system of internal improvements, which would
notonly operate unjustly on sectionsoftheUnion,
but which must ultimately bankrupt the Treasury
itself. It was in carrying out tins doctrine, as
enunciated by General Jackson, that the Demo-
cratic party have saved the Treasury- from bank-
ruptcy; but they never have denied, and I trust in
heaven they never will deny, the power of this
Government to improve oux harbors and provide
places of refuge for our vessels.
But for the stand taken by the Democracy, the
railroads and canals constructed since that period,
at a cost of more than $700,000,000, would have
all been saddled upon the Federal Treasury.
It was against this system of internal improve-
ments to which I have alluded, devised by what
was denominated the old Whig party, that we
of the Democracy have always warred. In all
our national conventions we have solemnly pro-
tested against this. We stand here to-day pre-
cisely where we have stood on that question for
more than thirty years; and I say now to my
friend from Mississippi, in open Senate, that if
you put a plank into the Democratic platform at
Cincinnati, denying the power of the Federal
Government to improve our harbors, it will be
very long before that party will ever get into
power. No party which comes into the field
pledged to abandon a policy which has so long
obtained, will be indorsed by the people. Whilst
I claim to be a strict constructionist, I am not
ready to enlist under the banner of my friend from
Mississippi.
Now, Mr. President, who will determine what
are the principles of the Democratic party ? Are
the opinions of the old fathers, the leaders of the
Democracy — such men as Jefferson, Madison,
Monroe, Jackson, and Calhoun—to be taken, or
the assertions of my friend from Mississippi,
who claims that he is consistent because he al-
ways preached the same doctrine in Mississippi?
Well, if a man is wrong I do not think he can
make consistency a merit. I do not doubt that
he has always proclaimed that the Democratic
party were opposed to internal improvements,
and he could do it very properly; but I trust he
never denied the power of the Federal Govern-
ment to construct or improve harbors on our At-
lantic or Pacific coast, or on the northern lakes.
I derive this power from the military clause of
the Constitution, as well as from the clause which
authorizes you to build a Navy. If you have the
power to construct vessels of war and put them
on your northern lakes, you have also the power
to do whatever is necessary to preserve and pro-
tect them, as well from the storms of heaven as
the public enemy. The one is the incident of the
oilier. If you can create, you can preserve. That
is the doctrine for which I have contended. If it is
not Democratic doctrine I am outside of the party,
which I should regret very much. Having been
a member of that party ever since I was a man—
I do not choose to speak of my age, [laughter]—
having been attached to that party all my life, I
should be sorry, at this late day, to find myself
entirely ontside of a healthy political organization.
♦If such were the fact, I might well ask the ques-
tion, "Where shall I go?" It would mortify
me exceedingly, at this late day, to be read out
of the party with whom my destinies have been
so long united.
I intend to vote for the improvement of harbors
whenever, in my judgment, the public interest de-
mands, no matter what the opinion of my polit-
ical associates may be.
Mr. STUART. I must tender to the Senator
from California mv thanks for the exposition
which he has made of this question. I have
refrained from it year after year for only one
reason, namely: that one means of the opponents
of these measures to cause their defeat has been *
to talk them out. I have refrained, so far as I
could, from joining in that movement.
Mr. BUTLER I wish to propound a ques-
tion to the gentleman, because he is generally
pretty correct. Will he now, on his responsi-
bility, say that this appropriation comes within
the qualified proposition of my friend from Cali-
fornia—that it is an appropriation as a war meas-
ure, to take care of war ships for war purposes ?
Mr. STUART. I will say, that the measure
now under consideration is as clearly within that
proposition as the harbor at Boston, New York,
or Charleston. I shall mention but one other fact
in connection with this history, and then I shall
pass to a brief reply to the Senator from Missis-
sippi. . Sir, the reason why the old Whig party, .
or National Republican party, as it was termed
at that day, desired to adopt a general system of
internal improvements, was in order to use up a
surplus revenue to be raised from a protective
tariff. They sought to keep up the duties on
impoits; and, by adopting a general system of
internal improvements, to pro^de the means of
expending the money.
The Senator from Mississippi says, that he
stands on principle, and goes against all these
measures. Sir, it occurred to my mind, when the
Senator made that remark, that I, with others,
fought him for a whole day to keep Pascagoula
out of a general river and harbor appropriation
bill, and he beat us, and got it in.
Mr. BROWN. My friend will do me the
justice to say that I announced distinctly—and
