1856.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1993
interests—may induce these laggards to come up;
for I hold, that those agricultural societies have
done more to develop tl\p great natural resources
of the country, than have all other combinations
combined. This, sir, will tend to operate as a
premium to the agriculturists of the diffbrentcoun-
ties.
Members of Congress have immense labor in
the distribution of seeds among their constituents.
They do not know, half the time, where to send
them. And if it were in order, I would propose
an amendment requiring the Commissioner of
Patents to send the Patent Office reports in the
same way, to the mephanical and agricultural
societies of the different counties. It would re-
lieve members of great labor. It would relieve
them, too, from the charge of partiality, because
there are not enough given to each member to
supply his constituents with them, and members
are often charged with partiality in the distribu-
tion. I think there ought to be some reformation
in this system.
The idea of members electioneering by means
of Patent Office reports, or the distribution of
seeds, I look upon as ridiculous; and I insist that
the true principle of distribution is to send them
to the different counties, wherever they are organ-
ized throughout the country.
Mr. GRANGER. If this amount is to be ex-
pended for seed, the seed ought to be distributed
through the farming interests of the country,and
there is no way so well adapted as the present.
Now, sir, I object to the seed being sent to the
agricultural societies of the States. Here are
representatives from every district in the United
States, with the franking privilege. Every mem-
ber knows which of his neighbors deserves these
seed. Everyone is interested in it, and I think
it is the duty of every one to attend to it. As to
the idea of want of time, I repudiate it. This is
part of our business, and we will be better em-
ployed in this way than we can be in any other.
Mr. LE1TER.. I moveto strike out "$75,000,"
and insert " $2o,000."
The motion was not agreed to.
Mr. WOOD WORTH. 1 believe there has been
an appropriation of §30,000 made previously
during this session of Congress.
Mr. BENSON. That was for a deficiency for
the last year. *
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I move to reduce
the appropriation to $5,000. I do not propose to
take up the time of the committee by occupying
the five minutes to which I am entitled; but, sir,
I am amazed at the proposition which is before
the committee. What can gentlemen be thinking
of? Why, sir, the Government will have to pro-
vide buildings—it will have to provide granaries
and servants to taKe care of them. Seventy-five
thousand dollais for the purchase of seeds and
cuttings! Why, sir, at this rote, the Govern-
ment will soon be called on to furnish all the seeds
the farmers want for their farms !
The amendment to the amendment was not
agreed to.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. I move to
strike out "$75,000," and insert "$50,000."
Mr. GREENWOOD. I ask for tellers on that
amendment.
Tellers were not ordered.
The amendment to the amendment was not
agreed to.
Mr. H. MARSHALL. I move to strike out
" $75,000," and insert " $30,000." I just want
to say, that since Congress commenced to make
these appropriations they have grown from $500
a year to $75,000. Last year, I remember, Con-
gress gave $25,000, and that was a vast increase
on what had before been given; but ill the de-
ficiency bill of the present session, you have
increased the amount for last year by adding
$30,000 to it; and now, you propose to appro-
priate for this agricultural bureau, or whatever
sort of a bureau you may choose to call it, a sum
exceeding the entire appropriation for last year.
Sir, if you want an agricultural bureau for this
Government, why, make an agricultural bureau.
You can have a labor school, a model farm, and
anything almost in the shape of agriculture,
carried on for less than seventy-five thousand
dollars a year. Here you are appropriating
$75,000 for sending cotton seeds into Maine, and
for sending dandelions and johnny-jump-ups over
the country. [Laughter.] I submit that gentle-
men have not given proper attention to this mat-
ter. I am as much in favor of encouraging agri-
culture as any gentleman in this Hall. If you
please, I will vote for a model farm to be under
the charge of Mr. Browne; but, Mr. Chairman,
I do object to the appropriation of this $75,000
as so much money wasted.
Mr. HOLLO WAY. I am satisfied, Mr. Chair-
man, that enough of consideration has not been
given to this question. I am surprised that gen-
tlemen at this day talk of the extravagance of
thirty, or forty, or fifty,or seventy-five thousand
dollars for the encouragement and promotion of
this great interest, which has been declared by
almost every President to be the foundation of
our prosperity, and paramount to every other
interest. You have expended more money for
carpets to cover this floor than you have during
the existence of the Government for the advance-
ment. of agricultural improvement. You have
expended more money for pictures for the ro-
tunda—more money for beautifying the grounds
around this Capitol, than has ever been expended
by you to foster this interest on which depends,
m the largest degree, our national prosperity.
This subject has never received from Congress
the consideration that it was entitled to, for the
reason that men who were engaged in agricultural
pursuits have not occupied seats on this floor.
Pour fifths of our population are engaged in agri-
culture, and there is more capital employed in
this interest than in manufactures and commerce
combined. Yet there has not been one tithe of
the money appropriated for its benefit that has
been appropriated for either of the other interests.
I hope, therefore, looking to the importance of
the question, that the amendment of the gentle-
man from Kentucky will be rejected, and that the
original amendment will be agreed to.
The question was taken on Mr. H Marshall's
amendment to the amendment; and it was dis-
agreed to.
Mr. BOWIE. I move to reduce the appropri-
ation to one cent. Mr. Chairman, 1 am, perhaps,
as much in favor of the agricultural interest of the
country as any man m this House, or anywhere
else. 1 profess to bean agriculturist; I am pretty
extensively engaged in agriculture; but, sir, when
I see attempts like this, to smuggle in, undera pre-
tense of the advancement of agriculture, a direct
fraud on the public Treasuiy, I hold it to be my
duty, as a 1'nend of this great interest, to expose it.
It is not known, perhaps, to members of this
House, that seeds furnished by the Patent Office
aie utterly worthless. 1 have tried them foryears,
and found them to be absolutely good for nothing.
Men here make it their business to speculate on
the Patent Office, and sell it worthless seed. No
man will sell to the Government genuine seed that
when planted will come up. This miserable seed
tljey purchase at a high price, put up in beautiful
packages, and send throughout the country; and
so help me God ! I have known very few of them,
when planted, ever again to make their appearance
above ground. [Great laughter.]
I believe that enormous frauds arecommitted on
the Government by these seed men and nursery
men about Washington. Men here who have
bushels of old worthless seed—turnip, cabbage,
and seed of like sort—sell them to the Patent
Office, and they are then put up and sent abroad.
I am m favor of the original sum reported by the
committee for the purchase of good seed; but when
$75,000 is asked to be put into the pockets of these
seed men, who make it their business to cheat
Mr. Mason, the Commissioner of Patents, I will
not vote for it. I am utterly opposed to it. I
know that, in nine cases out of ten, the seed 1
have planted myself, and which I distributed to
others to plant, never came up. I am opposed
to the appropriation.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I am op-
posed to the amendment of the gentleman from
Maryland, and call for a vote.
The amendment to the amendment was dis-
agreed to.
Mr. HICKMAN. I move to increase the ap-
propriation $25,000, so as to make it $100,000.
The amendment was disagreed to.
Mr. LEITER. I offer the following as a sub-
stitute for the amendment:
That tlie sum of ,$75,000 be, and the same is hereby, ap-
propriated for the Improvement of agriculture in the State*,
the same to be distributed b.v the Commissioner of Patents
among the States according to their representation in this
House, to be paid to the treasurers of tile States respect-"
ivelv, and to b : distributed by enactment of the rerpeetive
Lpg^latures of the States lor improvement in agriculture, .
and for no other purpose. ,.
Mr. STAISfTON. I move to amend, by strik-
ing: out " §75,000," and inserting in lieu thereof
" $24,000." I would be glad if the chairman of
the Committee on Agriculture would tell me what
amount the Commissioner of Patents recom-
mends?
Mr. HOLLOWAY. Seventy-five thousand
dollars.
Mr. BRANCH- I would like to know of the
chairman of the committee how mucfr of that
amount the Commissioner recommends to be ex-
pended for seeds and cuttings, and how much for
investigations to be prosecuted by the Commis-
sioner, or others under his direction?
Mr. HOLLOWAY. I will send to the Clerk,
to be read, a letter of the Commissioner of Pat-
ents, which will answer the gentleman's inquiry.
The letter was read, and is as follows:
United States Patent Oft-ice,
N June 25, 1855.
Gentlemen: If the Committee of Ways and Means
have not provided in the civil and diplomatic bill, about to
be introduced into the House, sufficient fund5! tor the agri-
cultural branch of this oflice, for the collection of agricul-
tural statistics, investigations* for the uupiovement of agri-
culture and ruial economy, and the procurement and dis-
tribution of rutting and seeds, should it be the pleasure of
your committee, I would suggest that they recommend to
the said committee an appropriation of $75,000; ;$33j000of
winch can be expended for the procurement and distribu-
tion of cuttings and seeds, including the payment of the
operative force within the oflice; §13,000 for the purchase
of seeds eaily next year; $12,003 for investigation-* in fruits
and insects; $4,500 for investigation5? in cereal# and grasses j
§3,500 for meteorology, and $2,000 for mvesligations in
agricultural chemistry.
I have no doubt, from the benefits which have already
been derived from the appropriation? in years past for simi-
lar purpose--, that the above named sum could be advan-
tageously expended in furtherance of the general objects!
under consideration, and to the satisfaction of the country.
Very respectfully, your obedient servant,
CIIA9. MASON, Commissioner.
Committee on tdzriculture, Haute of Representatives.
Mr. BRANCH. Twenty-two thousand dol-
lars, then, are appropriated for investigations in
one form or another.
The question was taken upon Mr. Stanton's
amendment to the amendment; and it was not
agreed to.
Mr. BLISS. I move to amend by adding the
following proviso:
Provided, That the Commissioner shall report to Con-
gress the various kinds and amount of seeds purchased, or
to be purchased, under tins appropriation, and the cost of
the same.
I have offered this amendment, not for the
purpose of making a speech, but in good faith,
hoping that it will be adopted, for I know that
the complaint stated by the gentleman from
Maryland, and others, in reference to the char-
acter of these seeds, are to a great extent well
founded. I know it is so from my own obser-
vation, and from the seeds 1 have distributed.
Mr. HOLLOWAY. I accept the amendment.
Mr. RUST. I suggest, too, that the amendment
should specify the person from whom purchased
the place where, and the price paid.
Mr. HOLLOWAY. I accept the modification
suggested by the gentleman from Arkansas.
JVlr. LETCHER. I hope we may get boyond
this point, and dispose of this bill soon. I havg
taken no part in this discussion, because I do not
profess to be much of a farmer. All that I know
about these seeds is, that J sent home to my con-
stituents what was said to be tobacco seed from
Cuba, and when it was sown it camc up niullen.
[Laughter.]
Now I hope we shall get beyond this point,
and soon reach the end of this bill. JVly friends
over the way seem to be very much concerned
about the distribution of these seeds. I do not
think that they need give themselves any trouble,
for I very much doubt whether many gentlemen
on the other side will ever get buck here aiiain,
according to my reading of the signs of the times
coming up from old Kentucky. Their places
will be supplied by others.
Mr. CUMBACK. Look at Iowa, for instance.
Mr. LETCHER. Wait till you hear from In-
diana and Ohio.
Mr. STANTON. I understood the gentleman
to say that the tobacco seed came up mullen ?
Mr. LETCHER. 1 only know what I was
told.
