1120
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 6.
that was the only issue in the controversy—"Put
it in or not, I am against your bill; but as you
are going in for general plunder, I want my
share."
Mr. STUART. I know that the Senator made
that declaration; but he voted to insert that ap-
propriation.
Mr. BROWN. Certainly.
Mr. STUART. Well, sir, I never did under-
stand how a gentleman could vote for an uncon-
stitutional amendment, and could not apply the
same vote to the whole bill. If it is unconstitu-
tional to improve Pascagoula bay, it is unconsti-
tutional to vote to put it in a bill of appropriation.
I have taxed my discrimination often; but it has
never brought me up to that nice standard of dis-
tinction. Now I am going to show the Senator
how his principle stands at this session.
When the bill passed the Senate to improve
the St. Clair flats, the Senator from Mississippi
voted against it. When a bill passed to improve
the St. Mary's river, so that we could get in Lake
Superior, he voted against it. When the bill
passed to improve the Pass a l'Outre, he voted
for it. Then how stands the Senator's princi-
ple? I do not understand the purpose for which
his speech is now made. If it is made to operate
on the Cincinnati convention, I leave him to the
Senator from California. If it is made to operate
on his constituents at home, I wish to send that
vote along with it. I have the Journal before me,
from which it appears that on the question of the
passage of the bill to remove obstructions to nav-
igation at the mouths of the Mississippi river, at
the Southwest Pass and the Pass it 1 'Outre, the two
Senators from Mississippi [Messrs. Adams and
Brown] voted for it, and the only Senators who
voted against it, were " Messrs. Clay, Iverson,
and Mason." It may be that that bill was near
Mississippi interests; at all events, it breaks in
on the Senator's principle. If he can tell me the
difference, on principle,between making that ap-
propriation and making the appropriations now
under consideration, he has a task on hand which
I think will take him more than this year to get
through with.
Mr. BROWN. Mr. President, both my friends
from California and Michigan seem to have mis-
understood the general drift of my remarks. It is
not at all unusual for us to misunderstand each
other here. I never meant to say that, where an
improvement was clearly and distinctly, and be-
yond all dispute national in its character, you
might not make it.
Mr. STUART. Who is to decide that ?
Mr. BROWN. 1 am to decide it for myself,
and you for yourself.
Mr. STUART. Exactly; that is the ground
upon which wo stand.
Mr. BROWN. Rut that is a different matter
from taking- up all these bills in detail, one after
another, and passing each one separately by itself,
when you cannot do it in the aggregate, as I un-
derstand to be the object of the committee now.
Mr. STUART. Not at all; the committee
should not be put in that position. If the Senator
lias read the veto message of the President, he
knows that the President laid it down as an un-
deviating rule, that these bills must be presented
to him separately, so that he shall have a right to
exercise his judgment, as the Senator exercises
his, to approve one and disapprove another.
Mr. BROWN. I askmyfnend from Michigan
whether he understood the President in this mes-
sage to take the ground that he vetoed the mea-
sure simply because of appropriations being put
t together, but would take each one separately if
presented to him in that form ?
Mr. STUART. No, sir; but I understood the
ground of the President to be this: that ho would
exercise his judgment as to the constitutionality
and propriety of each appropriation; and that in
order to do so he would insist on their being in
separate bills. *
Mr. BROWN. And he did so very properly.
I never have pretended to say that everything in
that bill was unconstitutional. I indicated that
by my vote for the improvement of the mouths of
the Mississippi, which is the only one of the series
of bills that has been presented at this session
for winch I have voted. That is a work which I
conceive to bo as clearly a work of national im-
portance as could by any possibility be devised;
which concerns largely over one half of the
geographical area of the Union, one half of the
population of our country, and much more than
one half of the agricultural products of the whole
Union, to say nothing of its commerce. It was
on this principle that I voted for that measure.
Mr. MALLORY. Mr. President, I would not
trouble the Senate with a word, but for the fact
that the motion before the Senate comes from my
colleague; and, with due respect to him and to
this body, I find it necessary to say why I shall
vote against his proposition. He bases it, or rec-
ommends it, on the argument of the honorable
Senator from Kentucky, that these improvements
should be presented to us in the nature of a sys-
tem. If Iunderstood what was meant by this,
I could, perhaps, speak in a more enlightened
manner in regard to it. A system of anything
I presume to be such an arrangement of inde-
pendent parts, having a mutual relation to each
other, as will make a perfect whole. When we
have said that, we are no nearer to what is a sys-
tem of internal improvements than we were be-
fore. Whether that system shall be based on an
equal distribution of money over different parts
of the country, or based on the national charac-
ter of the particular improvement to be made, are
points yet to be determined.
During my second session in this body I intro-
duced a bill for the improvement of the bar at
Appalachicola, believing it to be a matter of
national interest to the country at large, and a
national improvement. We have very little
commerce of our own there. All the shipping
which crosses that bar belongs to the eastern
States; and the merchandise which comes there
is distributed through several States. I proposed
to make an appropriation of $32,000 from the
national Treasury to improve Appalachicola bar.
It was put into the general bill for river and harbor
improvements; and when the question was taken
on that general bill, I voted against it. I voted
against that bill, although it contained this appro-
priation and others for the State of Florida, on
the very ground that it appropriated for works
which in my judgment were not of a national
character, and which could not receive my
sanction. For this reason I want "to see every
measure of this kind come before the Senate, and
depend for passage here, on its own merits.
Now, sir, I will not go into the question of the
power of the General Government to distribute
money for internal improvements; but I may
allude to the pomt which has been introduced
into the debate as to the power to build light-
houses, to remove shoals, and place buoys to
point out those shoals. I know that there are
gentlemen who contend that the national Gov-
ernment has not the power even to construct a
light-house, or to place a buoy to mark a shoal,
and who say, that when they vote for such a prop-
osition, they do so on the express ground that
itis a light to direct ships along the coast, and not
into the rivers and harbors of the country. They
vote for it, because the Government exercises a
national jurisdiction over the sea to a certain ex-
tent, and on its shores, and they say it is bound
to construct light-houses to induce and protect
the passage of vessels along its coast. They say
that, if the appropriation were for the purpose of
enabling vessels to enter the harbors, or to guide
them to enter into the ports, they would not vote
for any such appropriations.
That is not my view of the question; that is
not the reason why I vote for light-houses and
buoys. I vote for them for the very purpose of
affording harbors of refuge, and harbors for the
protection of our seamen and ships, for the col-
lection of our revenue, and for the safety of navi-
gation and commerce. If we can build alight-
house and point out a shoal—if we can place a
buoy to instruct the seaman how to pass it, and
avoid it, I apprehend that we can take the same
money and remove the shoal. I see nodistinction
of power—no distinction of right; and wherever
it is more expedient to remove a shoal than to
build a light-house, common sense would dictate
the former.
The pending motion is to recommit this bill to
the Committee on Commerce with instructions—
or at least that is the implication—to bring in
these measures and others as a general system.
Unless I know what that general system is to
be, 1 cannot vote for the motion. The Committee
011 Commerce will not probably introduce any
general bill that can command my vote. Since I
have been in the Senate there never has been any
general bill on this subject for which I could vote.
There is a bill now on the table containing an
appropriation for'the improvement of the harbor
at Appalachicola, introduced by myself, and re-
ferred to the Committee on Commerce, based on
estimates furnished by the War Department. I
believe it to be a national measure, and I shall
certainly vote for it; but if it were in a general
bill, which contained other appropriations not
having the characteristics of this one, I should
vote against that general bill as I have done here-
tofore.
Mr. THOMPSON, of Kentucky. Mr. Presi-
dent, I shall vote for this motion to recommit the
bill, and I desire to state in a very few words the
reason why I shall do so. The Senator from
Mississippi and others have alludpd to the bill
which we passed two years since, and vetoed by
the President of the United States. I shall not
at this hour of the day go into the general ques-
tion, but we all know that that bill was vetoed on
the ground that there were too many things in it,
that it smacked of combination, that itcontained
what was right and what was wrong, and that
what was proper and politic was made to bear
that which was wrong, impolitic, and improper. *
As I understand the subject—and gentlemen can
correct me if I am wrong—at the beginning of
the Congress preceding this, that very river and
harbor bill was based on the estimates made by
the Secretary of the Treasury, and on the •ecom-
mendation of the executive Government. I believe,
also, that the bills which have been introduced at
the present session are in accordance with the
recommendations and estimates sent in fiom the
executive branch of the Government. That is
true, I believe.
Mr. STUART. Yes, sir.
Mr. THOMPSON, of Kentucky. Now, Mr
President, with regard to the Mississippi river, I
believe there is but one recommendation. 1 have
forborne to introduce any bill in reference to the
improvement of the Mississippi; but the junior
Senator from Michigan, with that energy, alac-
rity, and attentiveness which he always displays
for the interests of his own constituents, has
brought in these bills which I understand fall
exactly within the executive recommendations.
Whether the committee have followed that rule
in regard to all the other bills I do not know.
Mr. STUART. We have.
Mr. THOMPSON, of Kentucky. I shall vote
for the motion to recommit for this reason, if
for no other: I do not choose to submit to the
doctrine of the President's veto message, in
which he arrogates to the executive branch of
the Government the right of saying to Congress,
" However you regulate your bill for internal
improvements, you shall not have it unless it is
at my dictation, and as I recommend it, and as it
comes to you from my department." This is
what it amounts to, nothing more, nothing less.
He says to us, " I will not indorse your system;
I will veto a general measure, and I will give you
my estimates and recommendations separately."
Sir, I will never vote for a bill got up on that plan.
I will not vote for an isolated measure to favor a
particular State. Itmay be that under such asys
tern the name of the State of Michigan, or the State
of Illinois, will occur just as often in your bills
as the name of the Lord God in the 20th chapter
of Exodus; but when you come to the State of
the Senator from Georgia, who sits near me,
[Mr.Toombs,] and my own—one an American or
Whig State, and the other a kind of rebellious,
outside State, from the Democratic party—they
might never be named. It would be like a man
devising his property to his relatives, giving all to
Tommy and Billy, and nothing to anybody else.
When you are passing your individual bills, I
desire to know, as a Kentucky man, what I am
to get? Give us a regular system, or give us noth-
ing. Unless you do this, it is perfect cheatery.
Every man who looks at it can see this.
Sir, it has been said that there are eleven sepa-
rate bills for Michigan. Now, if you pass eleven
bills for Michigan, and eleven or twenty more for
Florida—nice, patriotic, good States, supposed
to be in favor of the party in power—I want to
know wha# we are to get for this great inland
sea—the Mississippi river; and what is to be
appropriated for Georgia, the Empire State of
