384
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[April 14,
34th Cong....1st Sess.
Kansas Legislative Petition—Mr. Wade.
Senate.
totally different light. The Kansas Legislature, in
the original document, said they justified their acts
because Congress had no power over them. 1 he
memorial came in the other day rerogniztng the
power of Congress. I ask, then, if it is not &
forgery, thus to change the document in the most
vitally important point upon which the whole
proceeding rests ? I do not say by whom the
forgery was committed—I care not. The taint
runs through this whole proceeding, and the af-
fidavit does not cure orremedy it. Here are other
parts of this original memorial, which were omit-
ted or suppressed in the paper presented the other
day, purporting to be a memorial signed by all
the members of this bogus Legislature:
" Bv the provisions of the organic act a government was
established over the Territory, and officer* were appointed
by the President to administer «aul government. Thin lorm
of government i  unknown to the Conautuuon, i) eitra-
con&ututional, and is only the creature of necessity await-
ing the action of the people, and cannot remain in force
contrary to the will of the people living ander it. It may
be regarded as a benevolent provision on the part of Con-
gress titus to provide a government for a sparsely settled
people, loo lew in numbers to support a government of their
own; M trhrn a bmwut ojmcaict, or trAen the people
herome tufirimih to niaUith u towenmerU at their
•wm. imoct^riameewMth* OnuttfWwa «/Ue l/wtej States,
tl u their right m to 4* mi UersAj throw off that txtenioi
otrr them."
Here their revolutionary right is again asserted
to throw off the government established over
them by Congress. Hera they again affirm the
precise position taken by the Committee on Ter-
ritories, and denied by their advocates here. In
running through the whole document, you find
that every passage that would tend to sustain the
argument of the majority of the committee and
to controvert the positions of the minority, is
stricken out. This shows that the plan of cam-
paign on that side of the House has been changed
since this memorial was got up. The mode of
defense here has been changed; and official docu-
ments must be garbled ana modified, added to
or subtracted from, in order to conform to that
change of policy.
Why, sir, to show what free use has been made
with the sacred right of petition of these people
of Kansas, I will refer to another fact. It had
been contended in argument in the minority re-
port, that the Arkansas case was a case in point
to justify Kansas, because Mr. Attorney General
Butler there said that the Territorial Legislature
could give no authority for forming a State con-
stitution without the consent of Congress. They
took the same position in this report, stating the
Arkansas case as interpreted by the minority of
the committee; but when I, in my first speech,
showed that, in the same opinion, Mr. ButJer
had said that unless the proceeding was had in
subordination to the territorial government, it was
revolutionary and criminal, wis memorial was
changed in order to avoid the force of my expos-
ure by obliterating the passage, striking out all
reference to the Arkansas case.
I can take up this memorial and show that, as
I have exposed one heresy after another of their
pretensions, they took the pen and ran through
this memorial to get rid of tne objection. It has
been changed from time to time in material points,
striking out and inserting until it has hardly a
vestige of its original form. The very compari-
son which is here challenged between the pre-
tended copy, presented the other day, and the
original now, proves conclusively that such is the
case. I then submit whether here was not evi-
dence of the most glaring fraud ever attempted
to be perpetrated upon a legislative body. After
that fraud has been once detected and exposed,
the question is whether a second one is to be per-
Setrated upon us by taking the same spurious
ocument and attaching it to a memorial and thus
dragging it into the Senate?
Again, the original memorial does not pretend
that the Legislature was in session. Take the
copy which they brought here the other day, and
Fou find interlined the words, " now in session."
can show you the different handwritings in
which various interlineations have been made
from time to time.
Further, the memorial, as presented to us the
other day, had the signatures of all the members
ofthe Legislature attached to it. Look at the
original here; it has no signatures at all; and there
| is no certificate that it was adopted in either house;
i no mode of authentication, and no date. How
do they account for that ? By saying that a com-
mittee of revision was appointed to revise the
memorial, and that the members left three copies
of their names to be appended. It is pretended
that the committee revised the paper, and deliv-
ered it to Colonel Lane and Governor Robinson
without any signatures to it; and that they brought
it to Washington and revised it again, ana changed
it into its present shape, ready for appending the
signatures, when it was discovered that they had
lost them! And then, because they had lost them,
they sat down and wrote the names of the mem-
bers of the Legislature, and attached them to the
new document which they had thus manufactured.
How did they get the names? Why, they find
a memorandum book, belonging to Colonel Lane,
which he exhibits to the Senate, but is not willing
that we should read, because it contains private
matters!
Why exhibit the book unless we are permitted
to examine it? Of what use is it to us to see the
outside of the book if he will not let us see the
inside, and read the writing in it? Does this
contain authority to him to change the memorial
j and sign their names to it? This is not pretended.
I Why this formality of shaking in our faces a
I memorandum-book containing these names? He
1 says they are original signatures. That may be,
but we have no curiosity to see the autographs
of these illustrious legislators, unless they are
signed to the metnorial. Their names in the
memorandum-book are of no authority unless it
contains a power of attorney to Mr. Lane to make
a memorial for them. No such authority is pre-
tended !
Then we find that there is no authentication of
this document, except the affidavit of Mr. Lane,
made this day, and sworn to before Judge Mc-
Lean of the Supreme Court. I will read the
affidavit.
Dutbict or Colombia,
County and City of ss :
Personally appeared before the undersigned, duly author-
ized by law to administer oaths, James H. Lane, Senator
elect from Kansas,
—he swears in that capacity—not as an indi-
vidual—
who, being duly sworn, upon his oath, states: that the
twenty-four half sheets of paper hereunto annexed contain
; the original draft of the memorial from the members of the
General Assemby of Kansas, which convened at Topeka
on the 4th of March last, to the Congress of the United
< States, as reported to the said Assembly by John Hutchin-
son, Bsq., chairman of the committee appointed to draft
said memorial; as adopted by both branches of said Assem-
bly ; as referred to the committee on revision, and intrusted
by said committee to this affiant, and from which the revised
copy was prepared which was submitted to the Senate of
the United States by General Cass, and which was the
subject of remark on Thursday last.
listed Washington city, the 14th day of April, 1856.
J. H. LANE.
Sworn and subscribed before me this 14th of April, 1856.
John McLean,
Justice Supr eme Court United State*.
"From which it was prepared!'' By whom
"prepared?" Not by that revising committee,
for his memorial shows that it was prepared in
the city of Washington. The paper on which it
is written shows that it is paper of the House
of Representatives—entirely different from that
on which the original was written, and which
could not have been had in Kansas.
I submit, then, Mr. President, whether we
ought to receive the memorial at all, with these
badges of fraud running through every line of it.
I object to its reception, and hope that the Senate
will wash its hands of this spurious paper, and
of all proceedings that are connected witn it.
Mr. WADE. Mr. President, I have no means
of knowing any more in respect to these papers
than what has appeared from the arguments of
the gentlemen who have preceded me; but I can-
not consent to be silent when I see a petitioner to
the Senate of the United States handled as roughly
as I think this petitioner has been. I have not
even had access to these papers to compare one
with another, because they have been ail the time
in the hands of other gentlemen; and I shall only
speak of the arguments which they themselves
have presented. I regard the point before us as
a very small matter. I do not wish to taks issue
on this great question, and argue it on the pre-
sentation of a petition of the inhabitants of Kansas
to be admitted into the brotherhood of States.
On that petition the question of reception is raised,
and imputations are passed on the petitioner, who
has no right, in his own behalf, to reply upon
this floor.
Now, sir, what is the argument upon which
this gentleman petitioning is sought to be con-
demned for no ordinary offense," becausc it is
j more than insinuated here, that the gentleman
I who has backed up this petition with his affidavit
| has not only presented a false and fraudulent
I paper, but that he is in truth and in fact guilty
of perjury. I say the insinuation is no less than
that. If it means anything it means that. But,
really, what has he said ? There is no occasion
to misapprehend the petitioner at all. You may
object to his petition; you may say that he is not
entitled to that for which he prays; but there is
no occasion whatever for making this gross attack
on his integrity and his honor; and I am exceed-
ingly sorry that it has been done.
I What says he in his affidavit? How does he
I explain the matter in this petition which he has
I presented ? He says the original paper was
prepared by the Legislature tnat convened at
; Topeka just as they adjourned. They had not
time to draw it up and prepare it with all the par-
ticularity of language with which they would be
glad to clothe their ideas. Conscious of that,
and having entire confidence in certain gentlemen
of the Legislature, they referred it to them, and
intrusted them with a discretionary power to
alter it, so far as they thought it might be altered
without altering the sense.
We all understand that. Was there anything
very extraordinary in it? Was there anything
wrong in it? Was there anything of which we
ought to complain, or that touches the honor of
1 any man concerned in it? I say, no, sir; not at all.
They intrusted a committee with this revising
power. In due time they undertook to exercise
it, and how did they exercise it? In their haste,
it seems, that they undertook to set forth all the
constitutional and other law on which they
relied for granting the prayer of their petition.
That any lawyer knows, in a petition, or in plead-
ings in court, or in any papers of a judicial
character, is, to say the least of it, exceedingly
unnecessary, and amounts to mere surplusage.
It is for us to judge upon the facts, whether the
law is applicable to their case, and will entitle
them to what they ask. It is not technical, nor
is it usual, nor is it proper, for a petitioner to argue
his case and present the law on which he relies.
When it is done in a declaration presenting a
man's case in court, his declaration would be
objectionable for the very reason that he under-
takes to state conclusions of law; the pleader or
the petitioner having occasion to state nothing
else than the facts on which he relies, referring
the law to the court, And trusting them with the
law of his case.
i>ow, sir, it was perfectly proper for Colonel
Lane—agentleman whom I do not know, of whom
I have no personal knowledge, but I do know that
he has done nothing that appears here which
should tarnish the honor of any man—to revise
it; and yet the gentleman from Illinois says it is
a forgery, because in the copy presented here three
pages are not found which are in the original
petition. Suppose there were three pages of un-
necessary, superfluous matter which, in the hurry
of the occasion, were inserted in the original, ana
he, upon the revising committee, clothed with full
power to make the proper revision, struck them
out, what of it ? I do not care whether it was
three or six, or any other number of pages; it was
his duty to trim it of these excrescences before he
presented it here to this body. It was right and
proper that it should be done.
But what did they rely upon ? They relied
upon that same law which was argued so long
here, about two years ago, as to the disability of
Congress to do anything in a Territory, and as
to the full and plenary powers of tlie people of the
Territory to do anything not actually impossible.
Sir, you taught them what law ought to be ap-
plicable to such a case as this. You have as-
s«rted propositions purporting to be law that I
never believed were law; but nevertheless you
