S994
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
August 8,
Mr. STANTON. I want to inquire of the j
gentleman from Virginia if-'it is not the case that |
Eis Jand is so poor that it will not raise anything i
but mulleiisr ' j
Mr. LETCHER. Not exactly. j
Mr. MAX-WELL. 1 loarn from the informa- j
tioa given us by the gentleman from Indiana, that (
the object of this is to promote the interests of j
the agricultural community. Now, to promote
perfect equality in the distribution, I move the
following amendment as a substitute for that of
the gentleman from Indiana:
That th<>re be, and is hereby, appropriated the sum of five
cents per head for every agriculturist in the United States
the number to be ascertained from the last census, to be :
used in purchase of seeds for distribution. j
The amendment to the amendment was not
agreed to.
Mr. HOUSTON. I would ask the chairman
of the Committee of Ways and Means if he pro-
poses to take a recess, and come back to-night for
the transaction of business ?
Mr. CAMPBELL. I expect to take this bill
through before we ri^e.
The question was taken on Mr. Hollow ay's
amendment, and it was agreed to.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I am directed by the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means to report the follow-
ing amendment;
To complete the bridge across the Potomac at Little
Fa:te, agreeably to The plan already adopted, ,$75,000.
To meet the m>ce$>ary expend attendant upon the
execution of the neutrality act of the 20th of Apni, 1818,
$10,DUO, lo be expended under the direction of the Presi-
dent, pursu i t to the thud .section of the aet of Congress of
1st M.iv, telOj entitled tk An act flung the compensation of
public minsters and consuls residing on the coa-t of iiar-
bary, and tor other pui
To enable the Pie-ident of the United States to cni rv mio
effect the aet of Oongic^s of 3d March, 1819, and any suit- ;
sequent ants now m ibrce for the suppression of the'Have I
trade, $9,000. !
To enable the Secretary of State to purchase one hundted !
enpie* each of Audubon's I5irds of America, and ("iu.id'u !
pods of North America, for presentation to iorcujn Govern-
ment*, in return for valuable works soul by them to the '
Government of the United Urates,16,000. '
For the fiUm«r up of the dock between Cenual and Loin; i!
WlurvM m Ko*tou, widening of the stieete nu the eustt'ionl j
ot the custom hoine, and the extension and maintenance |
of the drams, $15,000.
and \>l>, $22,122 04,
AfrWALBEUDGE. J submit that the first
item for a bridge across the Potomac is not in '
pursuance of existing law.
Mr. CAMPBELL. The gentleman has not
posted himself. It is in pursuance of exiting
law.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair overrules the
point of order.
Mr. iM tLLSON. 1 want to ascertain from the
chairman of the Committee of Ways and Means j
the object of this paragraph of his amendment: j
For the filling up ot the dock between Central and 1,011" ,
wharves, in Bo-.ton, &c. j
, "Will the gentleman from Ohio inform me what j
control Congress has over the wharves of Boston, i
or over tlie widening of the streets in Boston' !
He may be, able to give a satisfactory answer, j
but I want to have that answer. ** \
Mr. CAMPBELL. I ask that the eommum- j
cation which I sent up may be read, which will I
explain the appropriation. j
The communication was read; and is as fol- 1
lows: j
Treasury Department, august *2,1?.">6. |
Sir: T have the honor herewith to tiniwmt copies ot j
papers numbered fioni one to three iucIumvc. e.shihums the !
details of a conditional couuaet, enteied into bv and he-I
tweeu tlie coiieeroi oi the ciMom* at Boston, iVJa^uichu- !
sett^on behalf of the bmted States, and the Bo-ton Pier ■
or the Long Whaif, and the Central Wharf and Wet Dock '
Coipnrationv, tor the lilhn? up of the dock between Cential ,
and Long wharves, in Bo-ton. the widening of the htieet ;
ou the ea->t iiont of the eu?toin-hou6c^ and the extension !
and maintenance of the diaim.
The grounds} on which tin-> arrangement has been predi J
eated, and the interests of th" rjiiited >State< to be p.orno- ;i
*ed taeiuOy, will be iourid cieaily stated in tlie papers liere- !
with tnirwimttril. 'i
Bei «8
entirely satisfied that the widening of the stieet
on too water iiont of the ciistom-hou«e, to Ik: kept opui ;>
and uuobetmcted for euctoni hou^e and otm r puiprwe«3 ij
and that the construction and maintenance, without a iy '
if( ^ eMK'nsQ to tlie United ritites, jor t.ie u>e a.id ben '
eni oi the custonx-houso, of a s-uitabl" dutinagc, o.i'iht to
be secured on the terms proposed, f authorized an arrange-
ment to be entered into to that effect, conditioned ou an
appropriation by Congress, and i hav« now the honor to
recommend that an appropriation be made by law of $15,009
for that purpose.
1 am, sir, respectfully, your obedient servant,
JAMES GUTHRIE,
Secretary of the Tieuwry.
Hon. X. 1*. Banks, Jr., Speaker House of Representatives.
Mr. MILLSON". 1 move to amend by re-
ducing the appropriation $500.
I am aware that gentlemen on this floor find
authority in the Constitution, according to the
construction they give it, for making appropria-
tions for the improvement of rivers and harbors.
They even go so far as to deepen the channels
of navigable streams. I know that many of
these appropriations have really been designed
for the construction of piers, and for the en-
hancement of private property in some of the
seaport or river towns of the United States. But,
so far as I know, this is the first precedent of
making an appropriation directly for the improve-
ment of a pier or for filling up a dock; and, as
precedents are frequently relied on in this House,
I think we should be somewhat careful in setting
them.
Mr. CAMPBELL. 1 would suggest that when
a similar proposition was made, to fill up some
low ground at the navy-yard at Norfolk, the
gentleman did not rise to object to it.
Mr. MILLSON. The gentleman from Ohio
must have perceived that I am addressing these
inquiries to him, rather for the purpose of elicit-
ing information, than for the purpose of making
any captious objections; but the gentleman him-
self will see a distinction between an appropria-
tion for the purpose of improving the property
belonging to the United States, which is altogether
constitutional and proper, and widening a street
and filling up a dock m the city of Boston.
Air. CAMPBELL. The appropriation at
Norfolk: was for the purpose of filling up the
grounds, and for the purpose of improving the
hrahhfulm ss of tin- vicinity.
M r. MiLLSON. If this is for the improvement
of Government property 1 have nothing to say.
Mr. CAMPBELL. It is for extending the
water front.
The amendment to the amendment was not
agreed to.
Mr. HARLAN". I move to strike out of the
amendment the following item:
For completing the bridge acro>s the Potomac at the
Little Paih agreeably to the plan aheady adopted $'.">.U00.
Mr. STANTON. Is it in order to offer an
amendment?
The CHAIRMAN. It is in order to move to
amend tlie part of the amendment which is pro-
; posed to b<; sti irken out.
( Air. STANTON. 1 move to reduce the appro-
i prialion to £5,000. t wish to call the attention
j of the committee to the fact, that in 1853 there
| was an appropriation of $30,000 made for tfie
i construction of this bridge. That is all the law
I ihere is authorizing this appropriation. Sir, the
or.gin.il appropriation was made for constructing
j the bridge, and there e.an be no law authorizing
I §75,000 now to be appropriated for completing
the same work. Now, sir, i have this to say m
regard to the class of works to which this belongs.
1 see no reason why the Government of the United
.States should defray the municipal expenses of
the District of Columbia. I see no reaxon why
the Government should bridge the Potomac any
more than they should bridge the rivers in the
State of Oluo. T see no reason why the Govern-
ment should school the children of the people of
tlie District, or defray their expenses any more
than they should the expenses of the people of
Ohio, if the same principle be carried out, we
shall ere long be culled on to appropriate money
trom the national Treasury to furnish the people
with bread and meat. The principle is utterly
unsound. It is sheer plunder of the national
Treasury for the benefit of the people of this
District. I will sanction it by no vote of mine.
The amendment to the amendment was agreed
to.
Mr. CAMPBELL. How many amendments
are pending.'' The Committee of Ways and Means j
oflered one. Mycolleague [Mr. HarlakJ offered !
another. Do I understand the Chair to entertain .
an amendment in tlie third degree ? I
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman from Ohio
[Mr. Campbell] offered an amendment. The Ji
gentleman's colleague [Mr. Harlan] offered an
amendment to strike out the first paragraph.
Mr. CAMPBELL. That has an amendment
to an amendment.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair holds that it
is in order to perfect a paragraph before it is
stricken out.
Mr. ELLIOTT. I am perfectly willing to
come back here to-night, but I am not willing to
starve. I therefore move that the committee do
now rise.
The motion was disagreed to.
The question recurred on the amendment to
strike out the first section.as amended, and it was
disagreed to.
Mr. MILLSON. Mr. Chairman, when I last
rose to address the committee, I yielded to the
interruptions of several gentlemen, and in that
way was prevented from saying what I took the
floor to say. As it is often supposed, when oppo-
sition is made by a southern Representative to an
appropriation for a northern community, that it-
is founded on sectional ground, I beg leave to say
sir, and I say it m all sincerity, that I am moved
by no such motive as that. Of all the towns
in the United States Boston is one for which I
have had an ancient reverence. I will not hesi-
tate to say, though it may not agree with the sec-
tional antipathies of gentlemen of my own sec-
tion, that i have always held, and still continue
to hold, in very high estimation this community
of Boston. I make this remark for the purpose
of protecting myself against the suspicion thatl
am animated by any such motive as ihc one 1 have
alluded to.
I only rose, Mr. Chairman, to call the attention
of the committee to the new principle which I
supposed was for the iirst time attempted to be
ingrafted on the legislation of the country; that
was tlip principle of legislating for the improve-
ment of the cities and corporate towns of the
United States. I said to my friend from Ohio,
some time ago, that if this were the property of
the United States there would be no difficulty in
the way of such an appropriation for its improve-
ment as might be desired. But this is the first
time in the history of the legislation of the coun-
try, that an open attempt has been made to ap-
propriate money for the improvement of streets
in any of the towns of the United States.
The gentleman from Ohio asked me what is the
difference between this amendment and the one I
voted for some months a^o, which was for the
removal of a nuisance existing on the property
of the Government in the city of Norfolk. I will
tell him. There is always a manifest propriety
in the Government of the United States so using
its property as not to injure its neighbors. The
appropriation to which the gentleman referred
was for filling up a low sunken place in a lot be-
longing to the United States. What was the
objection to that? There was none; and I tell the
gentleman now, if the objeet nf this appropriation
i to is improve the property ofthcUmted States 
Mr. CAM PBELL. That is the very objeet of it.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. If the gentle-
man understood the localities, he would not op-
pose the amendment.
Mr. MILLSON. I said to the gentleman from
Ohio originally, that if the dock or street in ques-
tion belonged to the Government of the United
Slates, I had no opposition to make. Will he
say that they do ?
Mr. CAMPBELL. The streetdoes not belong
to the Government, but the improvements neces-
sary in order to enhance the value of the Govern-
ment property, and afford the necessary accom-
modations to the public buildings.
Mr. MILLSON. That will not do.
Mr. CAMPBELL, The gentleman from Vir-
ginia must know that the street in front of every
custom-house in the United States is paved at
the expense of the General Government.
Mr. MILLSON. Unquestionably it is so:and
it is done on the ground that that portion of the
street belongs to the owner of the property. I
withdraw mv amendment.
Mr. Campbell's amendment was agreed to.
Mr. BOWIE. I offer the following amendment
to come in at the end of the first section:
To enable the President of the United States to comply
with a contract made by him with the owners of the Mer-
chants' Exchange m the city of Baltimore, and for the pur-
chase of the said building and ground thereto attached, in
