1856.}
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
885
34th Cong.... 1st Sess.
Kansas Legislative Petition^—Mr. Pugh.
Senate.
argued these men into the belief that they were
clothed with full and plenary powers, as members
of that Territory, to the same extent that they
would hare had if they were citizens of a State.
You taught them that. You told them that they
were sovereign over everything but the United
States, and that we had bo power to alter any-
thing they should do. I say it was very natural
for Diem to believe it after all they had heard
here, especially if they were Democrats. They
put that doctrine into the first draft of their pe-
tition; but, as it was a mere debatable matter of
law and Constitution, about which perhaps no
two persons on this, floor agree precisely, those
who revised it saw fit to strike it out. They were
justified in doing it. They were right in doing
U. They ought to have done it; and it was no
forgery unless that forgery is backed up by per-
jury, and they had no power to do what tney
did.
- The gentleman from Illinois finds that this is a
spurious document, and says that we ought to re-
ject it, and thereby cast a shade of suspicion over
the character of the gentleman who has presented
it here. I ask you, just men of the Senate, will
you do it? Are you willing, without oneiot or
tittle of proof from any quarter, to ride roughshod
over the affidavit of the gentleman who has peti-
tioned you? Will you do it, and thus tarnish a
character when there is nothing in this proceed-
ing that should tarnish it at all? When every-
thing appears right upon its face, will you, by
rejecting this memorial, convict him of perjury,
and of forgery also? I appeal to you as just men
in this particular, for it can have no ultimate
bearing on the great question that lies behind it,
upon which I intend to take some other occasion
to state my views at large.
I say there is nothing which should call out the
anathemas of this body on the humble petitioner
here. He states himself to be a Senator elect
from Kansas whenever we shall admit that Ter-
ritory into the Union as a State, with its-present
constitution. Is there anything wrong in that?
I am not here to argue whether precedent will
justify him in all he has said and done. I shall
not now attempt to show that Michigan came into
the Union in the precise manner in which Kansas
now asks to be admitted. I am not now about
to argue these things. They are entirely out of
place, and that question is too large and too
important to be takSR up and examined on a,
preliminary matter of this kind.
I say to you again, Mr. President, there is no
importance attached to this matter. It cannot
alter the great questions which are crowding on
us for decision one way or the other. They nave
to be met for weal or for woe, for good or for evil.
They have been raised; they are not to be dodged;
they are not to be got rid of by any indirection
like this. Reject this petition, and you only stim-
-ulate to sevenfold determination those who have
come here resolved that the people of Kansas Ter-
ritory shall have fair play. The people of the State
which I in part represent have as deep and abid-
ing an interest in the population of Kansas as any
other State in this Union. No State, I believe,
has sent a greater emigration into that Territory;
they are all our own citizens; they are those
whose rights we are bound to look to, and cursed
be my right arm when I desert them on this floor, j
I will stand by them. I intend, at a proper time, ]
to show how unjustly, how barbarously, some !
of them have been murdered there by those in !
authority, who are high in office under this Ad- '
ministration; and how the State of Ohio, through <
them, has been insulted, and her sovereignty j
cloven underfoot. {
But, sir, I will not dwell on these things now. 1
I only rose to answer what I must call the petti- :
fogging argument of the Senator from Illinois,
when he gravely insinuates that a petitioner to
this body who has explained everything—when
there is nothing which is mentioned or alluded to
in bis petition and oath that is not as plain as
the light of heaven—is somehow implicated and
chargeable with fraud, perjury, and forgery. I
think that will not do. It wants some proof. It
wants evidence. But the gentleman presents you
with an argument. You can hardly argue a man
into peijury or forgery. You want a little evi-
dence, contravening and contradicting his stata-
New Series—No. 25
menta, before you can claim a verdict of this char-
acter.
But I say in the face of the Senate, that there
is nothing in this whole transaction but what is
honest, right, and above-board. There is nothing
for which any man can justly censure the indi-
vidual who has presented these papers. They
are all right on their face. I do not care whether
you agree with the prayer of their petition or not.
What I say is, that there is nothing to complain
of in the manner in which these papers are got-
ten up. Every man knows that they are right
eqpugh. The oath is right; the petition is right;
the revision is right, and is not only proper, but is
perfectly just. They have exercised a laudable
discretion in all that they have done; for there is
not a man here, there is not a lawyer in the
Senate, in presenting that petition, having power
to revise it, who would not have taken out the
very things which were taken out by this com-
mittee. What they struck out was mere sur-
plusage. It was endeavoring to state constitu-
tional and other law, about which we all disagree,
and which would be very improper in any petition.
Mr. President, I have said all I intended to
say on this subject. I have said it with some
little warmth, I tun conscious; for I cannot sit
coolly by and see any American citizen charged
with forgery and perjury on this floor, who has
no opportunity to defend himself from these
charges, when I can see, and everybody can see,
that there is no foundation whatever for such
charges—not the least under heaven. I know
very well, sir, that the copy does not agree with
the original, and I know that the petition and
affidavit tell you why. It is all explained to the full
comprehension, and ought to be to the satisfac-
tion of every man; and yet the Senator from Illi-
nois urges on the Senate a verdict of condemna-
tion against the man who presented it. I appeal
to you as men, as Senators, can you agree to
this condemnation? Probably many of you do
not sympathize with the prayer and object of
this petition. There I disagree with you; fori
hold, if there ever was a people who have been
outraged and abused from the commencement of
settlement in Kansas, it is this people, who are
justly entitled to the full sympathy of all the
American people, and I believe they have it to-
day. You may disagree with me as to all that
this petitioner asks, and you may come fully pre-
pared to deny it; but whether you reject the
prayer of this petition or admit it can have, as I
said before, no bearing whatever on the great
question that lies behind it, challenging our
examination, and which will come up here for
decision ultimately. I call on you now to vindi-
cate the man, who is apparently honest, from any
color of having done wrong in e. matter where all
appears to be right.
Mr. PUGH. Mr. President, I agree with my
colleague [Mr. Wade] that whether we receive
this document, or reject it, can have no influence
upon the decision of the questions relating to the
Territory of Kansas. I do not rise to speak with
that view, but I must complain of the Senator
from Iowa [Mr. Harlan] for the language and
the tone which he has employed toward me.
When one of these papers was before the Sen-
ate on Thursday last, I desired to be rid of the
discussion raised upon it, and, as the record will
show, voted to proceed to the consideration of
the orders of the day, and allow the subject to
-remain where the decision of the Chair left it.
But when I saw, upon the other side of the Cham- ,
ber, a resolution to force us into the debate of
very serious questions—when I discovered the
purpose of certain gentlemen to raise a contro- :
versy upon the right of petition, to invent a col-
lateral and colorable issue for the sake of adding
to the disputes which already agitate the nation, ;
I felt bound to give the paper a careful and delib-
erate examination. I stated the results of my
examination to the Senate. I said that the peti-
tion and its signatures were written by one hand;
no Senator denies that. I said there were im-
portant interlineations in the document, such
as changed its sense to some extent; that is not ;
denied. I said there were erasures in it, not |
merely of words, not merely of sentences, but of j
whole paragraphs, as if the person who had it in
charge, after listening to our discussion here, had
abandoned some propositions as untenable, and
altered the petition accordingly. I said that, when-
ever the original should be produced—if there
was any original—it would be time enough to
decide upon my course. For having said that,
sir, the Senator from Iowa has arraigned me, thia
morning, in the course of his reiterated discus-
sion of the general subject.
I should think the Senator ought to be satis-
fied. When a proposition was made to print
extra copies of the documents submitted to us
by the President of the United States, in order
that the country might be informed on these ques-
tions from Kansas, that, instead of irresponsible
paragraphs in the newspapers, appeals to passion
and to prejudice, our common constituents—the
constituents of that Senator as well as my constit-
uents—might see the original and authentic reports
transmitted to the Senate, by the executive head
; of the Government—when that proposition was
made, Senator after Senator on the other side
claimed the right to be heard, and thus postponed
any discussion. The question has not yet been
taken, sir, although a period of more than two
I months has elapsed. The Senator from Iowa
gave us notice that he desired to return home,
and asked the privilege of being heard on the
subject, as an act of courtesy. His request was
franted, and he addressed the Senate for several
ours.
Mr. HARLAN. I think the Senator, on re-
flection, will find that he is mistaken. He makes
a mistake when he says that I stated to the Sen-
ate that I intended to return home, and gave that
as a reason. The gentleman must be thinking
of some other Senator.
Mr. PUGH. Sir, I appeal to the record.
When two reports were made from the Committee
on Territories, and Senators on the other side
challenged us to allow the reports to be printed
together, and thus sent before the country, I
moved that a certain number of copies should be
so printed; and the motion went to the Committee
on Printing, under the rules. I then stated that,
by this system of debating immaterial motions,
we had been prevented from printing extra copies
of the President's Kansas message, and urged
the Senate to decide that question at once, and
agree to proceed with the discussion upon the
bill of which the committee had given notice. I
was answered by the Senator from New York,
[Mr. Seward,] that the Senatorfrom Iowa claimed
the floor upon the motion to print the President's
special message, and that he wished to be heard.
Accordingly, sir, the motion was laid over from
day to day,from week to week, until the Senator
had made his speech. I missed him then from
the Chamber, and supposed that he had gone
home.
Now, sir, there are some others of us who feel
bound, by the emergencies of our position, to
express the opinions which we entertain with
reference to these Kansas troubles. I desire, at
a proper time, to express my opinions; but I do
protest that when a Senator has been heard, hour
after hour, upon the question, he ought not, on
the mere presentation of a memorial, to obstruct
the progress of business in the Senate by repeat-
ing his speech; and especially should he avoid
calling in question the conduct or the motives of
other Senators.
Mr. President, I made no reflection upon the
fentleman who brought this paper here—none.
did not feel bound to give the Senate his biog-
raphy; I did not know it. I knew that he was
once a citizen of the State which you represent;
I knew that he had been promoted to important
offices by the nomination of the Democratic party
.in your State; but I have heard, whether it bio
true or not, that four or five months ago, in the
Territory of Kansas, he publicly expressed a full
adhesion to the Republican party and platform.
He is not the first man who has enjoyea the con-
fidence of the Democratic party, and then aban-
doned us for some other political organization.
But I tell the Senatorfrom Iowa this: \Vhenever
a man joins the Republican party (so-called) he
is a Democrat no more; and the sooner he parts
with that title the. ..better for himself and for all
concerned.
Now, sir, the question is upon the reception
