1856.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
pursuance of an act of Congress of the 17th of February,
3855, §267.000.
I had supposed that^this amendment would
have been found in the annual appropriation bill,
and have come from the Commute? of Ways
and Means. I find, however, that it is not there.
I look to the statutes of my country, and I find
that the President of the United States has been
authorized by an act of Congress to make ci pur-
chase of a site in the city of Baltimore for a post
office, and foracourt-room for the Federal courts
of the district of Maryland. 1 find, too, that he
has reported a contract which he entered into, to
this House. The specifications of it are before
theCommittee on the Judiciary. He has bought
a lot m the city of Baltimore for the erection of a
court-house for the Federal cou rts, and he has also
purchased from the owners of the Merchants'
Exchange in that city, that building for a post
office. That Exchange building being now partly
employed for the purposes of a custom-housc
binder a prior contract, and with a view to the
enlargement of the custom-house, and at the
same time for the purpose of fitting it up, to
accommodate the business carried on there, he
has made two separate contracts, both of which
are reported to this House.
I find that my colleague [Mr. Davis] yester-
day obtained an appropriation from this "House
to carry out one part of the contract—that is, for
erecting a court-house;but not one word has been
said by him, or by the Committee of Ways and !
Means, in reference to carrying out the other
part of the contract, which is just as binding
upon this Government as that which lias been
provided for.
Now, sir, I would not have mentioned this sub-
ject, except that the gentlemen interested m this
matter have applied to me this morning for the
first time—and this is the first time I have been
appusud of the facts. The act of Congress of
February, 1855, has been in part complied with,
and there are persons in the city of Baltimore who
have rights which have grown up under that con-
tract, and with whom the President of the United
States had made a former agreement. Now, not j
one word has been said by the gentlemen who j
represents the city of Baltimore, nor by the chair- !
man of the Committee of Ways and Means, m j
reference to this matter. Iam, therefore, obliged |
to bniig this subject to the attention of the
House.
Mr. DAVIS, of Maryland. I informed the
House yesterday that another contract had been
made for a piece of property for the accommoda-
tion'of the post office—that there was a dispute
or a difficulty in reference to the propriety of that
purchase; and therefore, in fairness to the gen-
tlemen who had made that contract with the Gov-
ernment, 1 should not then-press a decision, when
he would have no opportunity here of being fully
heard.
I found this morning upon my desk? when I
came into the House, a bill passed by the Sen-
ate, which the Committee of Ways and Means
have referred to me to consider. No report has
yet been made by the Committee of Ways and
Means, and, therefore, I am not entitled to say
what they thought of it. No report has been >
made bv the Committee on the Judiciary upon I
that matter. Of the amendment, as it is now pro- i
posed by my friend from Maryland, I will sim-
ply say, that it is under consideration in the
Committee of Ways and Means, and when they
shall have their next meeting it s hall have their due
consideration.
If the amendment is now withdrawn, I am will-
ing to rest here: if not, I go a step further. As a
Representative of two thirds of the city of Balti-
more—and i am authorized to state the same thing
for my colleague who represents the other portion
of the city — I say to the committee, that m our
judgment the contiact which has been made by
the President is one which is improvident for the
United States—paying very greatly more than the.
property is worth—inconvenientfor the citizens of
Baltimore, for whose exclusive use it is intended;
and, therefore, we. as the Representatives of that
peculiar interest, state her", that we will oppose
the confirmation of that contract tor those^ rea-
sons, and that our votes will be against it. It gen-
tlemen of the House think we are not entitled to
speak for the people of Baltimore, we are willing
to be voted down. But I apprehend that,unless
there be a very clear case made as to the public,
interest, that is not likely to occur.
Mr. BARBOUR. 1 move to reduce the sum
named in the amendment $3,000. This is a mat-
ter which belongs peculiarly, in some respects,
to the gentlemen from Maryland,and particularly
to the gentlemen from the city of Baltimore. But,
as it has been before the Committee on the Judi-
ciary, I, being a member of that committee, and
having had the particular charge of this item,
have taken upon myself to investigate it, and I
will endeavor to explain to the House the man-
ner in which it stands. I do so with some feel-
ing of regret that I should oppose the members
from the city of Baltimore; but 1 hope that they will
feel that, as a member of the Judiciary Commit-
tee, to which tins matter was referred, I am only
acting properly within the sphere of my duty.
The act of 1855 empowered the Piesidcnt to con-
tract for a space of ground for the building of a
post office in the city of Baltimore. The Presi-
dent has made that contract. lie purchased the
building known as the Merchants' Exchange
building, and has made a contract for the improve-
ment of that building. It was already occupied
in part by the United States for custom-house
purposes. The portion used for custom-house
purposes is not moie than half large enough for
the custom-house business of that place, and there
must be an addition to the custom-house rooms
in that building.
Mr. DAVIS. Will the gentleman allow me
to ask him whether there is any law authorizing
the enlargement of the custom-house?
Mr. BARBOUR. A portion of the building,
designed for the post office, is now used for the
post office, and has been so used for about live
years. It was removed there during Mr. Fill-
more's administration. That is to be fitted up,
and made lite-proof. The grounds and buildings
will cost $200,000, and the fitting up some $67,000
more. But the proprietors have to pay for an
additional piece of ground, which they do not
now own, hut which they have contracted to buy
at $7,000, so that the contiact will be 5*260,000;
but the proprietors are to make improvements in
the building, to make it fire-proof, that will cost
$00,000; and they are thus to receive £>200,000.
There is a portion of the building, also, which is
to be fitted up for additional custom-housc, and
other purposes, when the business of the city
shall require it. The revenue collected at Balti-
more is over <£3,000,000. It is a place that is
i improving very fast; and the committee came to
i the conclusion that the Presidenthad made a good
i contract for the country and for the city.
| Mr. DAVIS. I desire to make a very few ob-
| servations in reply to the gentleman of "the Judi-
ciary Committee. I do not know whether, or
not, his report is to be regarded as a report of the
committee; but it comes with just weight from
the gentleman who has made it. I wish to say,
however, that in my judgment the public interest
of the United States, and the public interest of
the city of Baltimore, is not in accordance wish
the confirmation of this contract by the House-
There is no sort of imputation of unfairnessof
any person. It is a wore difference of opinion
between persons who have local knowledge on
local interests and local convenience, and persons
who have no such knowledge. A nd on that point,
with every respect for the superior ability of ray
friend, [Mr. Barbour,] I may be ^titled to say
that my judgment in this matter is perhaps better
than his. The property now proposed to be sold
to the Xlnited States for $2G7,000—$60,000 of
which is to be applied to the improvement of the
property, in addition to the portion now held by
the United States for a custom-house—was pui-
chased,! am informed, four or five years ago, by
the present owners, or their predecessors, for the
sum of §97,000,or thereabouts. The portion sold
to the United States for the custom-house was,
I think, sold for $320,000, some £30,000 of which
was appropriated for improving that portion of
the building. The residue of that building is
now ottered to the United States for the sum—
when the amount to be applied m the improve-
ment of it is deducted—of §200,000, which is
twice the original amount that its present owners
paid for the property.
Mr. BOWIE. What was its original cost?
Mr! DAVIS. I do not know what its cost was
when built. I merely speak of the purchase.
The property, therefore, is to-be' paid for by ths
United States at a price entirely beyond the value
of the property. For an additional sum of
$40,000, the city of Baltimore can be accommo-
j dated with anew building which will answer ths
| purpose far better than the one purchased—half
j a dozen of them—in places more convenient for
the general interests of the commuity; and as
that community is the only one whose interests
are to be consulted, I submit that the House
should consider them. On this ground, I say
that, although the interests of my constituents
are directly involved, I shall vote against the
adoption of that proposition.
Mr. BARBOUR withdrew his amendment.
Mr. SIMMONS. I renew the amendment. I
have but a word to say about this matter. I have
not personally given it so much examination as
I have given to a great many other cases before
the committee. Two of our committee—Mb.
Barbour and Mr. Tappav—went there at the
solicitation of parties from Baltimore, and there
got all the information they could; and they came
to the conclusion which my colleague has stated.
The committee agreed with them m opinion. I
have nothing more to say about it, except that it
is a case where there are great local differences;
and if the House think it best to postpone it, or
give it some other direction, I have no objection.
In fact, the committee has had a great deal of
trouble about it; but I am satisfied with my own
vote in the committee. 1 withdraw my amend-
ment.
Mr. TAPPAN. I renew the amendment for
the purpose of making a few remarks. As* one
ot the members of the Judiciary Committee, to
which this matter was referred, another member
of the committee and myself went, at the solicit-
ation of several gemleman from Baltimore, to that
city, and examined the buildings and the different
sites proposed for the location of the post office.
The law under which the contract was made, as
I understand its provisions, intended not merely
the purchase of some new locality, but also the
enlargement of, or making additions to, such prop-
erty as the United States already owned. The
j committee gave to this subject as thorough an in-
1 vesugdtion as they could, and they have comc to
j a conclusion on the matter, which was, I believe,
i unanimous—or with one exception — that the
President, who had himself gone on the ground
and examined all the places there, and heard all
parties interested—being on the spot himself,
and having made the contract, had made a judi-
cious selection; that the contract was properly
made, and ought to be confiimed by this House.
It ought to be understood, further, that there
is great difference of opinion, even in the city of
Baltimore. We found a great many conflicting
interests there. All seemed to have some persona!
interest in the different locations, bccnuse they
owned property which was to be affected, or for
I some otherroason; and some were in favor of one
location, and some, of another. It seemed that
there were agood many mechanics there, who were
in favor of a newbuifding, instead of alteiingthe
old one to suit the purposes of the Government,
merely becavthc it would furnish employment for
the mechanics of the city. It appeared to the
committee, that the location fixed upon was as
central and as convenient as any other. i>ut they
found that there was no great difference in the
several localities proposed. They wereall within
five minutes' walk of each other.
The custom-house needs enlargement to meet
the wants of the city. But, sir, this building
would be ample to accommodate all the custom-
house business; and, as I have said, it is as central
as any other location. Alter as hill an investi-
gation as the committee were able to give to the
subject, they came to the conclusion that, all
things considered, the location determined on watt
the best presented.
Mr. McMULLIX. I am glad to receive the
information which the Judiciary Committee "^vc
o-iven on this subject. My attention was called
To it this morning by some gentlemen from the
city of Baltimore. It seems that the President
of the United States has investigated fully the con-
flicting claims in that city, and has come to that
determination which seemed to lum most proper.
But the gentleman from Maryland [Mr. Davis]
seems to imagine that his constituents are to- re-
ceive too hign prices for their property. Sir, this
