1996
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
August 9,
is a most remarkable position. It is the first time
in the history of the Government that a gentleman
upon this floor has complained that his constit-
uents have received too much from the Govern-
ment.
Mr. DAVIS. Then, sir, it is a good example,
and I hope it will he imitated.
Mr. McMULLIN. Well, sir, the gentleman's
constituents are influenced by confliciinginterests,
and I suspect that the gentleman is not an un-
prejudiced witness. Sir, as I havostated, the Pres-
ident has investigated this subject, and he has
acted fairly and honestly. When the appropria-
tion yesterday was before the House for a court-
house in the city of Baltimore, I asked if the same
building would not accommodate the post office
and courts. It was then stated that it could not.
But now, sir, it seems that the Committee on the
Judiciary, after personal examination, have con-
firmed the opinion of the President; and I hope
the House wili indorse the action of the com-
miue*4.
Mr. LETCHER. I move that the committee
take a recess uniil seven o'clock, and then come
back and finish thin bill.
Mr. LEITER. 1 move that the committee
rise.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio. I hope my col-
league will withdraw his motion, i think we
can take this bill out of committee in the course
of half an hour.
Mr. EUSriS. I aslc for tellers on the motion.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Eustis and
Thuhston were appointed.
The commutce divided; and the tellers reported
•—ayes 26, noes $0; no quorum voting.
1 he roll was accordingly called, and the follow-
ing members failed to answer to their names:
Messrs. Allison, fiaJI, Barclay, fiarksdale, Bell, Henry
Bennett, Hundley rf. Bennett, Hmtrhnm, Bocock, IJoyce,
Branch, Brook-*, Broom, Butlingimc, Burnett, John P.
Campbell. CarlileX'anit hers, Chidttavaid Claikc, Claw-
son. Clingmaiu Uowell Cobb, Cox. Craig*-, Culien, David-
son. Day, L)e Witt, Dick, Dunn, Echo, Edmund^u, Ed-
wards, Elliott, Etheiidae, Faulknei, Flagler, Ilcnry M.
Fuller, Thomas J. 0 Fuller, Gnbett. Goode, Greenwood,
Augustus Hall, Robert B. Hall, J. Moni on Harris, Samp-
son W. llariisj Thomas L. Harris, llanison, Heibeit,
Hoffman, Valentine B. Horton, Jewctt, J. Glancy Jones,
ICeittj Kennnu Kulwell, Knox, Kunkel, Lake, Lindlcy,
Lumpkin, Mace, Alexander It. Marshall, Samuel S. Mar-
shall, Muarbam, Morrill, Mordccai Olivci, <> r, Packer,
Paine. Peek, Pennington, Porter, Powell, lteade, Iticaud,
Ritchie, Robis-on, Sandid^e. Savage, S.-ott, Seward, Sher-
man. Shorter, William Smith, William 11. Smith, Stephens,
Swope, Ta.bntt, Tavloi. Tnpp<'. Undeiwood, Vail, Valk,
Wakeman, Waldion, Walker, Watkms, Watson, Wek-h,
Well>. Wheeler, Whitney, Darnel B. Wnght, John. V.
Wugbt, and ZoMicolior.
The committee rose; and, the Speaker having
resumed the chair, Mr. Grow reported that the
Committee of tiie Whole on the state of the Union
had, according to order, hud the state of the Union
generally under consideration, and particularly a
bill making appropriations for certain eml ex-
penses of the Government, for the year ending
June 30, 1857, and, finding itself without a quo-
rum, had caused the roll to be called, and had
directed him to report the names of the absentees
to the House.
ENROLLED BILLS.
Mr. PIKE, from the Committee on Enrolled
Bills, reported that the committee had examined
and found truly enrolled bills of the following
titles; when the Speaker signed the same, viz:
An act for the relief of Robert Mitchell;
An act to confirm to certain persons therein
named their titles to certain lots in Prairie du
Chien, in the State of Wisconsin;
An act for the relief of Benjamin La Fonte,
William Altenburg, and others; and
An act granting public lands, in alternate sec-
tions, to the State of Mississippi, to aid in the
construction of railroads in said State, and for
other purposes.
CIVIL APPROPRIATION BILL—AGAIN.
A quorum being now present, the committee
resumed its session; and the Chairman stated the
pending question to be on the motion of the gen-
tleman from Ohio [Mr. Leiter] that the commit-
tee do now rise.
The committee divided;and the tellers reported
—ayes 61, noes 53; so the motion was agreed
to.
The committee accordingly rose; and the
Speaker having resumed the chair, Mr. Grow
reportod that the Committee of the Whole on the |
state of the Union had, according to order, had i
the Union generally under consideration, and
particularfy the civil appropriation bill, and had
come to no resolution thereon.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio. The civil_ ap-
propriation bill, which is before the Committee
of the Whole on the state of the Union, ought
to be acted on and sent to the Senate to-night.
I therefore move that the rules be suspended,
and the House resolve itself into the Committee
of the Whole on the state of the Union.
Mr. McMULLIN. I am satisfied that we
cannot get a quorum in committee.
Mr. CAMPBELL. Well, then, let us take
a recess, and come here to-night and finish this
business.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I am not willing
to come back here to-night on this bill, and I
move'that the House do now adjourn.
The question was taken; and on a divison there
■were—ayes 47, noes 64; no quorum voting.
Mr. SPINNER. I move that there be a call
of the House.
Mr. FLORENCE. I move the House do now
adjourn.
The motion was agreed to; and thereupon (at
twenty minutes past five o'clock, p. m.) the
House adjourned until to-morrow at eleven
o'clock, a. m.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Saturday, Jlugust 9, 1856.
The House met at eleven o'clock, a. m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. Daniel Waldo.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
^ MESSAGE FROM THE SENATE.
I A message was received from the Senate, by
j Asbury Dickins Esq., their Secretary, inform-
j ing the Ilou.se that the Senate had passed the
i following bills; in which he was directed to ask
the concurrence of the House:
An act for the relief of Ephraim Hunt;
An act for the relief of Thomas H. Baird;
An act for the relief of Ernest Friedler; and
An act for the relief of Sturges, Bennett & Co.,
merchants, of the city of New York.
R. G. ELLIOTT.
Mr. GROW. I rise to a privileged question.
I move to reconsider the vote by which a bill fo£
the relief of R. G. Elliott was yesterday referred
, to the Committee of the Whole House. I desire
| simply to have the motion entered, as L do not i
' propose action upon it now.
PAPERS WITHDRAWN.
On motion of Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine,
it was
Oidercdy That leave he gt anted to withdraw from the
files < f the Hoiir-e the papeis in the case of John Lord, lor
the puipose of refeience in the Senate.
DEPREDATIONS ON THE MAILS.
Mr. KING. I iise to what I consider to be a ■
privileged question. I send to the Clerk's desk,
to have read, a resolution which will explain the
object for which I rise. I tlunk it will be adopted
by unanimous consent.
The resolution was read, and is as follows:
Whereas complaints are made that frequent depredations
are committed on the mail« transmitted fiom the city of
j Washington, by the unlawful abstraction or detention there-
from of valuable books and public documents distributed by
i membeis of Congress : Tiierefoic, j
! Resolved, That the Po-trna«ter General be, and he hereby !
' is, requested to make special and vig'lant inquiry as to the j
places where, and the persons who have committed, or shall !
commit, such depredations ; and when discovered, he cause .
such per>on^ to bo exposed and punched according to law. ^
And the Postmaster Geneial >•$ hereby requeued "to com-
municate to this Ilou.^e whether any, and if'so, what further
legislation is neeesvaiy to secure the speedy and safe trans- -
niifssion of mail matter. j
The SPEAKER. The resolution relates to 1
general legislation, and can be received only by i
unanimous consent. j
Mr. KING. I ask the unanimous consent of ■
the House to introduce it. j
Mr. MACE. I wish to say one word upon \
this subject. I would inform the gentleman from
New York, and members of the House generally,
that the Committee on the Post Office and Post ■
Road, at an early day of the session, reported a !
bill to remedy the evil which is now complained 1
of. That bill is now upon the Calendar, and I
hope it will be taken up and passed before the
close of th<? session.
Mr. SAGE. I hope this resolution will be
adopted.
No objection being made, the resolution was
received and agreed to.
Mr. KING moved to reconsider the vote by
which the resolution was agreed to, and also
moved to lay the motion to reconsider npon the
table; which latter motion was agreed to.
REPORTS FROM COMMITTEE ON PRINTING.
Mr. NIC HOLS, from the Committee on Print-
ing, reported the following resolution:
Resolved, That there be printed for the use of the mem-
bers of the House of Repiesentatives seven thousand five
hundred copies of the report of the Regent-? of the ymithso.
man Institution, and two thousand five hundred copies of
the same for the use of the Smithsonian Institution.
Mr. NICHOLS. I move the previous ques-
tion upon the resolution.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered to be put; and under the
operation thereof the resolution was agreed to.
Mr. NICHOLS, also, from the same commit-
tee, reported the following resolution:
Resolved, That there be printed for the use of the mem-
beis of the House ot Representatives five thousand copies
of the icport of the Secretary of the Trea&uiy on the con-
dition of the banks of the United States, and two thousand
five hundred for the use of the Tieasury Department.
Mr. NICHOLS. I demand the previous ques-
tion upon the resolution.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered to be put; and under the
operation thereof the resolution was agreed to.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio. I move that the
rules be suspended, and that the House resolve
into the Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union.
Mr. SEWARD. Is there not a motion pend-
insr, made by the gentleman from Alabama, [Mr.
Houston-,] to suspend the rules?
The SPEAKER. There is a motion pending
by the gentleman from Alabama, but he has
yielded the floor to the gentleman from Ohio
[Mr. Campbell] to make another motion, which
is piivileged.
Mr. SEWARD. Can two motions to sus-
pend the rules be entertained at the same time 5
The SPEAKER. The Chair is of opinion
that two motions, each of which is in order, can
be legitimately pending at the. same time. The
gentleman from Alabama, last Monday, moved
a suspension of the rules, so as to discharge the
Committee of the Whole House, from the further
consideration of House bill No. 377—a private
bill—and that motion has rested till this day. If
a motion be made to suspend the rules, under the
rule which allows the rules to be suspended for
the last ten days of the session, the motion of
the genfleman from Alabama is first in order; but
the gentleman from Ohio makes the ordinary
motion, to suspend the rules to go into the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union.
Mr. SEWARD. But can the gentleman from
Alabama waive his right to the floor?
The SPEAKER. The Chair is of opinion
that the gentleman from Alabama can yield the
floor to the gentleman from Ohio.
Mr. HOUSTON. I am very anxious to have
my motion acted upon; but I would not interpose
it in the way of the appropriation bills.
ORGANIZATION OF THE ARMY.
Mr. FAULKNER, by unanimous consent,
from the Committee on Military Affairs, reported
back, without amendment, a bill for the better
organization of the Army, and for other pur-
poses; which was referred to the Committee of
the Whole on the state of the Union, and ordered
to be printed.
CIVIL APPROPRIATION BILL.
Mr. CAMPBELL. 1 now insist on my mo-
tion to suspend the rules.
Mr. MAXWELL. I hope the gentleman from
Ohio will permit me to have a Senate bill referred
to a committee of the House.
Mr. CAMPBELL declined.
Mr. SEWARD. I enter my protest against
the member from Alabama- 
