1856.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1997
The SPEAKER. The gentleman is not in
order.
Mr. SEWARD. I have a right to be heard,
and I protest against the members of the Com- i
mittee of Ways and Means taking; charge of the ,
floor, and farming' it out in this way. j
Mr. HOUSTON". The gentleman fails to no-
tice what is before his eyes if he does not know
that I am not a member of the Committee of j
Ways and Means.
Mr. SEWARD. Well, the gentleman is an
ex-member. [Calls to order.]
The SPEAKER. Debate is not in order.
The question was taken on Mr. Campbell's
motion; and it was agreed to.
So the rules were suspended; and the House
accordingly resolved itself into the Committee of
the Whole on the state of the Union, (Mr. Gttow
in the chair,) and resumed the consideration of
House bill (No. 201) making appropriations for
certain civil expenses of the Government for the
year ending the 30th of June, 1857; the question
being on Mr. Bowie's amendment, as follows:
To enable tile President of the United States to comply
with the contract made by linn witli tile owners ol' the
Merchants' Exchange, in the city nf Baltimore, Ibi tile
puicha^ of said building and gionnds thereto attached,
m pursuance of the act of Congress or the 17th February,
1M5, $267,000.
To this amendment Mr. Tati-an had moved
an amendment reducing the appropriation £5,000.
Mr. TAPPAN withdrew his amendment.
Mr. BOWIE. I really hope that the amend-
ment will be adopted without opposition.
The CHAIRMAN". Debate is not in order.
Mr. BOWIE. I ha%e proposed an amend-
ment.
The CHAIRMAN. Debate is not in order at
this time.
" Mr. HARRIS, of Maryland. I move to amend
the amendment by reducing the appropriation
$5,000.
Mr. CAMPBELL. Mr. Chairman, the com-
mittee must be satisfied that there is a great dif-
ference of opinion on this subject prevailing m
the delegation from Maryland. j
Mr. 11AIUUS, (interrupting.) Not in the del- I
egation from the city of Baltimore. \
Mr. CAMPBELL. The Committee of Ways J
and Means have under consideration n bill from
the Senate on this subject. The committee deem
it inexpedient to make any proposition in the
appropriation bill on this subject. A great deal
of time has been expended upon it, I believe !
unnecessarily, and I hope thecommittee will now |
dispose of it, and rid itself of it. |
Mr. HARRIS. 1 have no objection, Mr. ,
Chairman, to the committee taking the course !
suggested by the gentleman from Ohio. On the
coiifiary, I would prefer it, as it would relieve tile
committee and the House of the difficulty into
which they have got.
I offer my amendment reducing the amount of
the appropriation $5,000, that I may briefly state ,
my views upon the proposition of the gentleman i
from Maryland, [Mr. Bowie.] I am opposed to |
any appropriation to carry out the purchase of a
part of the Baltimore Exchange for the purposes i
of our post office, for several good reasons. In i
my judgment the location is not a convenient one •
for the mass of the business community and peo-
ple of Baltimore, while the merchants who are
loeated in its immediate vicinity would be but
slightly incommoded by a removal of the post
otlice a few squares. There is, of course, differ-
ence of opinion among our citizens as to the pro-
priety of the proposed site; but 1 speak from my
own knowledge, both of the location and public
opinion. 1 know, also, that the special agent
sent 011 to Baltimore by the President, to examine
and report to bun upon the different sites offered
lo the Government, reported against this one
very decidedly, both because of its location and
the difficulty and impropriety of attempting to
repair or p.ueh up the present building. Another
reason for my ojiposition to the measure is, be-
cause of the manner in which the money is to be
expended. .
An appropriation of §267,000 ;s asked by the
amendment. Now, sir, of that amount, §207,000
is to i;o for the grounds alone; and however de-
sirable it may be to the parties interested to close
out a piece o'f property that some few years ago
only cost, I am told, $90,000, yet that is an in-
terest with which, in my representative capacity,
I have nothing to do, either to make or to mar.
The important fact to me, Mr. Chairman, is, that
only fj6d,ODO of this appropriation goes toward
giving the city of Baltimore a post office, and that
meager allowance is to be divided between fixing
up the roof of the custom-house, and the patch-
ing, and attemp'ing to make fire-proof, a portion
of the Exchange buildings, by wrapping joists
with sheet iron, and such other makeshift ar-
rangements.
Now, sir, I want no such post office for the
city of Baltimore. The gain to our community
between the existing post office facilities, and
what they would be after these $60,000 are ex-
pended in this patching process, is scarcely per-
ceptible, and certainly is not commensurate with
the sacrifice we should make by agreeing to take
this appropriation, and be estopped hereafter from
any attempt to get aid from Congress towards a
suitable postal accommodation. I attach no im-
portance to the argument, that it will be necessary
hereafter to enlarge the custom-house, and Gov-
ernment must therefore secure this property. The
custom-house is a small slip of the Exchange i
building on Gay street; and I do not exactly j
understand how it is to be seriously enlarged |
without encroaching upon the space now said to :
be so necessary tor the post otlice extension. I j
have certainly hoard the use of the rotunda of the 1
Exchange (which, by the way, our people enjoy ,
as things now stand) urged as a reason for this
i location of the post office; and the custom-house
i extension must go in the direction of, and in en-
i croachment upon, that rotunda. Mr. Chairman,
! I do not adnnre this mode of economizing Gov-
I eminent money at the expense of those business
I facitities to which the peo|>le of Baltimore are en-
| titled. Sir, if it becomes necessary to give addi-
tional room to the custom-house, I trust it will he
done by building a new one, and not by patching
up the old one. The present accommodations for
that purpose strike me as beneath the importance i
of the city, and the value of the business done ,
there. It is a mere strip of rooms, with long
counters and an odd arrangement of wooden
cells on each side, through apei lures, in which the
large business of the city is transacted.
I shall never, in nil these matters, Mr. Chair-
man, forget that something is due to the dignity
and position of the city of Baltimore. She is the
third commercial city of the country; and while
i through the portals of her custom-house over
eighty-two millions of dollars have passed into
j the Treasury of the United States, I am unwilling
j to admit that she is not entitled to facilities for
! the transaction of Government business, com-
mensurate with its importance, and, comparing
with the expenditures for similar purposes in
other cities of the country, asked daily, and
freelv granted.
I "hope, therefore, Mr. Chairman, that this
amendment will not be sustained by the com-
mittee. We will, at the proper time, ask the
House to aid "us m providing for the wants of
the city in relation to its post office; and I have
in my hand an amendment I propose to offer,
hut which is not at this moment in order, which
asks the appropriation of $330,000 for the pur-
chase of a site and the erection thereon of a suit-
able building — the said sue not to cost over
$150,000, anil the residue over what is paid for the
lotto so to the building. This would give us a
proper post office; and at the right time we hope
the' House will aid us m that. I withdraw my
amendment.
Mr. BOWIE. 1 preface what I have to say by
the remark, that I have not the slightest feeling
in reference to this matter. My colleague, who
has just taken his seat, seems to have a very deep
interest in the appropriations which are proposed
to be made for the benefit of the post office and
custom-house in the city of Baltimore. All 1
know in relation to the matter is, that 1 hold in
my hand the memorial of one hundred and fifty
of the most prominent merchants and others of
the city of Baltimore, and also the resolutions of
one branch of the city council, adopted unani-
mously, m favor of the course recommended by
the Committee on the Judiciary.
I myself, so-, have as much personal knowledge
in reference to the central location of the post
office in the citv of Baltimore as my colleague;
and I may also say, that there is not a more suit-
able building to be found in the whole city than
the Exchange building of Baltimore, for the pur-
pose for which it is wanted, and for which this
appropriation is recommended.
Now, sir, you have a contract for the purchase
of that building, which is amply sufficient to
accommodate your post office and tp extend your
custom-house there; and it is much more eco-
nomical to purchase that building, already con-
structed, than it would be to purchase a site and
construct a building. Under these circumstances,
the President having approved this plan and made
the contract, I see no possible argument that can
be made against it, unless it is in some secret
opposition that I know nothing of.
Mr. HARRIS. Does the gentleman mean to
iirimate that I am connected with nay secret
opposition ?
Mr. BOWIE; All I mean to say is, that there
seems to be very deep interest manifested by the
gentleman from Baltimore, as well as by some
portions of the people of Baltimore, some in
favor of one plan and place and some in favor of
another. Which class the gentleman from Mary-
land belongs to I am unable to say.
Mr. HARRIS. The gentleman from Mary-
land belongs to neither.
Mr. BOWIE. Very well. Now, sir, the
Committee on the Judiciary have had this matter
under consideration, and they have come to the
almost unanimous conclusion that the contract
which has been made ought to be ratified. If
this House now withholds this appropriation, it
amounts to a repudiation of a contract solemnly
entered into by the President of the United States,
under the authority of an act of Congress passed
a year ago. Now, sir, 1 cannot see, after an ex-
amination of the question fairly, any reason why
this House should refuse to ratify the contract
which has been made. You cannot undertake to
purchase a site and erect new buildings for those
purposes in the city of Baltimore for less than
$500,000; and here you have the opportunity of
procuring a building ample for all the purposes of
the Government for $2G7,00U. I hope, therefore,
this House will not postpone the appropriation
of lilts money.
The amendment to the amendment was not
agreed t<i.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I wish to notify the com-
mittee, that, if this debate is continued any longer,
I I shall move that thecommittee rise,and that the
j debate under the five-minute rule be suspended
upon this item.
Mr. SI'EWART. I move to increase the ap-
propriation ten dollars. It appears to me that
this a|:>propriation ought to be nlade I have no
special feelingin reference to the matter.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I desire to say that I hope
the Chair will confine the gentleman strictly to
the discus non of the propriety of increasing the
appropriation ton dollars.
Mr. STEWART. I intend to confine my re-
I marks within leg.timate limits; and to enable me
! to do so, I will modify the amendment so as to
! increase the appropriation $1,000. I have the
; honor to represent a district somewhat remote
from Baltimore, but I take a proper interest in
i the prosperity of th.it city, and I desire to enter
; into no controversy upon this subject. I under-
stand that, in pursuance of an act of Congress,
j the President has proceeded to make a contract
;! with certain gentlemen in the city of Baltimore
I These gentlemen have, therefore, undei that con-
j! tract, acquired certain vested rights which this
!; House cannot overlook, unless fraud or gross
I impropriety is charged. If the House undertake
ij to withhold the appropriation and set aside the
! contract which has been made, it amounts virtu-
. ally to repudiation.it seems to me. From the
,! difference of opinion about this matter, there is
| some danger that the city of Baltimore may fail
i in obtaining any appropriation whatever towards
the improvement of the public buildings of the
I United States at that jioint. From the amount
:i of n:\enue received there, and the extent of the
public business, such a result would be a mis-
fortune. . . .
I! It is impossible, either in the city of Laltimore
ji or anywhere else, to satisfy everybody 011 any
'i subject. There are there, as everywhere else,
conflicting' local interests. My colleague states
that the arrangement entered into hy the President
I; has been approved by the City Council of Balti-
!j more, or a branch thereof, and recommended by
