*88
appendix to the congressional globe.
[April 14,
34th Cong....1st Sess.
Kansas Legislative Petition—Mr. Wade.
Senate.
Mr. President-
I will hear the Senator from
nnd Indiana, and some other States, which have
been so severely condemned nnd denounced by
those who have become the special champions of
Kansas. Look into the constitution, as they
furnish it,and as the Senator from Michigan has
presented it here,and you will find that clause is
suppressed; (hat important, material provision is
not to be found in tlie document which they bring
here. I know, from the history of the transac-
tion, that it was voted in by a majority of the
persons who voted for the adoption of the Kansas
constitution. Am 1 mistaken ? I ask, was it not
adopted at the same election at which the consti-
tution of the pretended State of Kansas was
adopted, as a part of the constitution?
Mr. WILSON. If the Senator will allow tne
I will answer, by saying that it was not to be a
part of the constitution. Such a vote was given
in Kansas, but not making it a part of the con-
r.itttion of the Stat#.
Mr. DOUGLAS. There was a separata Tote
upon it.
Mr. SEWARD.
Mr. DOUGLAS.
New York.
Mr. SEWARD. It is no favor to me; but I
hope the honorable Senator likes to be right.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I do.
Mr. SEWARD. I beg to tell the honorable
Senator that I speak of no knowledge of my own;
but Colonel Lane, Senator clect from that State,
leaned over, as the Senator from Illinois was
making his statement, and gave me his account
of the transaction; which was, that this provision,
such as the honorable Senator from Illinois
describes, was submitted to the people for their
consideration and approval Or rejection, byapro-
vision which directed that it should not be a part
of the constitution, but should be in the nature
of instructions to the first Legislature of the State
of Kansas. That is all of it.
Mr. DOUGLAS. Now we come to the point.
It is admitted that such a provision was submitted
to the voters at the same election with the con-
stitution, and was adopted as an instruction to
the Legislature, commanding them to pass such
a law. Hence it was adopted in precisely the
same way that a similar provision was adopted
in Illinois, and was in like manner submitted to
the people as a distinct provision, to be voted on
separately, and when ratified become a part of
the constitution. But the Senator from New
York says this was not to be a part of the con-
stitution •' Such is not my recollection of the pro-
vision. I do not believe that the provision did
declare that it was not to be a part of the consti-
tution, as stated by Colonel Lane. I deny his
statement, and call for the production of the
instrument. It will show, when produced, that
that was a part of the constitution, as well as an
instruction. What does he mean by an instruc-
tion to the Legislature? Was it not adopted as
a part of the supreme law of the land ? He admits
that it was. He tells us that it was an instruction
to the Legislature, and hence binding on them.
What is that called which instructs the Legisla-
ture, and commands certain things to be done,
and forbids others to be done? Do we not call it
a constitution? What is the constitution, unless
it be the supreme law of the land adopted by
the people to instruct and control the action of
the Legislature? This provision was adopted as
an instruction to the Legislature; it was sub-
mitted at the same time, and adopted at the same
election, with the other portions of the constitu-
tion: it has the same validity and binding force
over the Legislature as any other clause of the
constitution: it will become the supreme law of
the land whenever Kansas shall be admitted into
the Union with that constitution.
You migrht as well deny that anyother provis-
ion of that instrument is a part of the constitution,
as to deny that this is a part of the constitution,
when you admit that it is the supreme law of the
land, binding on the Legislature the moment Kan-
sas shall be admitted with the Topeka constitu-
tion . I care not by what name you call it, so
long as you admit that it is obligatory on the
Legislature. Call it a constitution; call it a fun-
damental law; call it the supreme law; call it an
instruction; call it what you please—the name
does not changa its substance, so long as you
admit that it compels the Legislature to keep the
negroes out, and not allow them to live or breathe
in Kansas. You cannot avoid the force of my
argument by calling a provision of the supreme
law by a different name. The point I make is
that you have presented here a paper purporting
to contain the supreme law of Kansas, omitting
and suppressing at least one material provision of
that supreme law. You profess to have presented
the whole of the supreme law, while you have
withheld a part of it. You withheld the part
which vou dare not defend! I drove the Senator
from New- York to the wall on this point the
other day. After various attempts to evade the
point, he acknowledged that he aid not approve,
and would not defend the provision. He cannot
destroy its validity by calling it an instruction, or
by any other name. If his bill passes to admit
Kansas with her Topeka constitution, that provis-
ion will become the supreme law of the lana. The
only way he can avoid that result is to vote against
his own bill.
Call the provision by what name you will, you
cannot escape the responsibility of having sup-
pressed a material provision of the supreme law,
which was formed at Topeka for the government
of the proposed State of Kansas. The criminal-
ity of the act is not extenuated by the fact, that
the provision thus suppressed was one which you
dare not attempt to justify. All these attempts
at evasion and equivocation are calculated to raise
the presumption that the act of suppression was
premeditated and fraudulent on the part of those
who felt an interest in concealing from the public
a provision which they were not willing to de-
fend, at the same time that they were endeavoring
to put it in force, and give it vitality, by admitting
Kansas with the Topeka constitution.
I have a right to call on those who brought the
constitution here to produce the provision which
has been suppressed. We have a right to know
whether any other provisions, instructing the
Legislature to pass particular laws, have been
suppressed. It is not an unusual thing, in making
a constitution, to submit particular clauses or
provisions to the people separately. When we
adopted the new constitution in Illinois in 1847,
two provisions were thus submitted to the de-
cision of thepeople, and both adopted—the one
like this in Kansas to exclude negroes from the
State, and the other to impose a tax for the pay-
ment of the State debt, yrhich should be irrepeal-
able so long as any portion of the debt should
remain unpaid.
These provisions, like the one in Kansas, when
adopted, became perpetual instructions to the
Legislature, and hence are held to be essential
parts of the constitution, or supreme law of the
land. They can no more be erased or suppressed
than any other or every other part of the consti-
tution. No member'of the Legislature is at lib-
erty to violate or disregard either of these instruc-
tions, as the Senator from New York now calls
them, than he is to violate or disregard every other
portion of the Constitution. I am informed that
the new constitution of New York contains sev-
eral provisions or instructions which were sub-
mitted and adopted by the people separately. I
do not know how the fact is—the Senator from
New York will correct me if I am in error upon
that point. Will the Senator from New York
contend that he has a right to evade or suppress
those provisions in the constitution of his own
State, upon the plea that they Were adopted by
the people separately, and intended as perpetual
instructions to the Legislature ?
This excuse will not be satisfactory to any
fair-minded man. The pretext is too flimsy to
deceive anybody. The fact can no longer be con-
cealed, that an imperfect and incomplete copy of
the constitution of the State of Kansas (so-called)
has been palmed off 'on the Senate—that a mate-
rial portion of it has been suppressed—a portion
so material and vital that the champions of the
Topeka movement dare not defend it, and hence
have an interest in suppressing it. I call upon
them to produce the original document without
any mutilations. Let us have it complete as it
came from the hands of those who made it. We
have been imposed upon sufficiently by garbled
and mutilated papers. Let there be an end of
this system of fraud. Let the truth, and the
whole truth, be laid before the Senate and the coun-
try, and let our action be based on the facts as
they really and truly exist.
Mr. WADE. I do not propose to detain the
Senate long; but I certainly cannot sit here and
permit any Senator to look me in the face and talk
to our side of the Chamber as havingsuppressed
papers. It is nn imputation of motives which
should not be permitted in the Senate.
First of all, the Senator from Illinois assumes
to know a great deal more about the constitution
of Kansas than those who made it; and he asks
for proof. I demand the proof from the Senator
from Illinois. On what does he found the state-
ment that such a clause was incorporated into the
constitution of Kansas? Where is his evidence
of it? They who helped to make it are here to
negative all that he says upon that subject; and it
hangs upon his ipse dixit merely, unsupported by
any proof whatever. Standing upon that frail
foundation, he turns round and charges that one
side of this Chamberhas suppressed something for
the purpose of committing a fraud on the Senate.
Mr. DOUGLAS. Does the Senator from Ohio
say that there is any man here claiming to be an
honest man, or a decent man, who denies that
the convention which framed the constitution of
Kansas submitted a separate provision to keep
negroes out, which was to have the force of in-
struction binding on the Legislature, and that that
was adopted by the people of Kansas ? Is that
denied?
Mr. WADE. Mr. President, it is perfectly
well known on what I found my statement, and
the gentleman shall not evade the issue in that
way. 1 demand the proof of you, sir, for what
you state. On what authority, and on what evi-
dence do you charge that there ever was such a
clause in the constitution of Kansas ? You have
heard from a Senator on this floor, that Mr. Lane
has stated that there is no such thing.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I will state my evidence.
In the first place, I have talked with Governor
Reeder, and he told me so. In the next place, I
have talked with General Whitfield, and he told
me so. In the next place, I spoke to Colonel
Lane on the subject the other night at my house,
and he told me so. In the next place, I charged
it on the Senator from New York the other day,
and he admitted the fact. In the next place, no
man ever did deny it before, and the Senator from
Ohio now will not deny that such a separate pro-
vision was submitted and adopted as instruction
to the Legislature, whether you call it constitution
or ordinance; that there was such a provision sub-
mitted separately, to be voted on by the people,
and that if a majority was in its favor, and the
constitution was adopted, it should become bind-
ing on the Legislature, the Senator from Ohio will
not now deny. Will he ?
Mr. WADE. Mr. President, the explanation
is a very long and a very roundabout one. The
Senator says he has conversed with a great many
people; but that is very loose evidence to prove
what a constitution contains. He says the con-
stitution of Kansas provides so and so, and he
has talked with divers gentlemen whose charac*
ter he stands here to impeach. In one breath
he says he does not believe a word they say, and
accuses them, perhaps, of perjury; but in the
next breath he comes forward and says that their
testimony is sufficient to establish a clause in the
constitution.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I hardly ever knew a judge
to refuse to receive the plea of guilty from a mur-
derer or a thief when he asks to enter it.
Mr. WADE. But there is another rule of law
that, when you make a man a witness and bring
him into court, you shall not impeach him. That
is a principle of law as administered in the courts
in which I have practiced; but that rule is violated
in this case by the Senator from Illinois. I am
very glad that he has been driven-from the first
position which he assumed. All that he said
about forgery and fraud, in his first speech, has
passed over, and his complaint now of this peti-
tion is by way of installment. When this is put
down, I expect he will go to something else.
But all that there was of fraud or forgery in the
first presentation of the petition is now aband-
oned, and tho Senator pretends that there is some
