1856,
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
899
on it, if referred to us, until we had heard from
the Committee on Naval Affairs.
Mr. HALE. I have no wish to do anything that
is discourteous to the Committee on Naval Affairs.
The Senator from Florida, however, will remem-
ber that he avowed, as I understood him, at the
very earliest discussion of this subject in the Sen-
ate, that as he understood the opinion of the Com-
mittee on Naval Affairs, it was to sustain the
doings of the board. I think I could not be mis-
taken about that. I have been requested, espe-
cially by many of these memoralists, to have this
question referred to the Committee on the Judi-
ciary. When 1 presented a memorial at the com-
mencement of the session, and moved to refer it
to that committee, it was suggested that the better
way would be to leave the memorials all goto the
Naval Committee, and let the question of consti-
tutionality be raised by resolution. I have no
desire to press it now.
Mr. BUTLER. It would be better not to do
so.
Mr. HALE. I have not the slightest desire to
press it now. If the resolution be passed, we
can confide to the discretion of the Committee on
the Judiciary not to take up the subject until they
get all the facts.
Mr. BUTLER. It had better lie over for a
while.
Mr. HALE. I will let it lie.
The resolution was postponed until to-morrow.
The Senate resumed the consideration of the
resolution submitted by Mr. Jones, of Tennessee,
on the 19 th of December last, which had been
amended, on his motion, to read as follows:
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Navy be directed to
communicate to the Senate a copy of the report made to
his Department by the board of naval officers convened at
Washington, in pursuance of an act approved February 28,
1855, entitled <£ An act to promote the efficiency of the
Navy," and of the record, journal, or other papers accom-
panying said ropoi t; oi, in the absence of such papers, that
lie tuither inform the Senate whether the causes for which
officers of the Navy were iccommended by that boaid to
be dismissed or retired accompanied that repoit, or weie
otherwise made known in writing to the Department; and,
if so, thai he communicate to the Senate a copy of the
same.
Mr. BENJAMIN. Mr. President, I had nearly
closed the observations that I had to make on this
subject the other day, when I was interrupted by
my friend from South Carolina, [Mr. Butler.] I
do not, however, regret the interruption, for we
Sesterday received the annual distribution of the
'avy Register, and I have taken advantage of
that for the purpose of examining somewhat more
minutely into the action of the board, and the op-
eration of this law, than I had previously any
opportunity of doing.
The remarks which I had the honor to submit
to the Senate the other day were confined chiefly
to the purpose of meeting what I conceived to be
a very erroneous construction of the statute passed
at the last session of Congress. I, of course, do
not intend to go over that ground again, but sim-
ply to recall to the attention of Senators one or two
of the propositions to which I endeavored, at that
time, to win their support. I stated, sir, that, in
my judgment, the proper construction of this law
was not given to it by those who considered the
action of the board had the effect either of degrad-
ing officers who had been placed on the retired
list, or of bringing officers for trial before some
tribunal which gentlemen seemed to suppose had
been created by the law; but that, on the contrary,
the true theory of the law was this: our object
was to provide a retiring pension for officers in
the public service, who, from age or infirmity, i
had become incompetent to perform their duties; 1
and this law was necessary, because, prior to its
passage, the President of the United States had j
: declined to exercise his executive prerogative of j
retiring officers from the active service, because j
' he had no other means of so doing than by re- |
moving them entirely from the Navy, without !
support and without reward for their past ser- ]
vices to the country. !
I endeavored also to satisfy Senators that what ;
is called a tribunal or special court, before which j
it is supposed we authorized charges to be brought, |
had not oeen properly so represented; but that, on j
the contrary, we had provided for the President j
of the United States what I termed a species of j
special cabinet, pro hac vice, an advisory board, '
with whom he might consult, whose opinions
he might take with the view of carrying out the ■
enactments of Congress, so as to do the least
injury to the officers in the service, and, at the
same time, do what the public exigencies imper-
atively required; and that, in providing this special
advisory boaid, or special cabinet, we had selected
officers who are what the law knows by the name
of " experts," that is, men possessed'of special
professionalinformation,such as would be found
m the ranks of no other profession, and whom,
therefore, it was eminently proper that Congress
should select as an advisory board for this special
occasion.
I did intend to say a word or two more, and
perhaps this is not the worst time to say it, in
relation to some charges which have been made,
both as to the construction of this law, and as to
the manner in which it has been carried into effect
by the officers charged with its execution. My
friend from Tennessee, [Mr. Jones,] in the appeal
which he made the other day to our sympathies,
charged upon the board precipitate action—action
which, upon its very face, shows that it could
not have been accompanied by that due delibera-
tion which should mark the conduct of men
charged with so delicate and responsible a duty.
He arrives at the result in this manner: he says
the Navy list is composed of seven or eight hun-
dred names, and then that the board was in ses-
sion a certain number of days and hours, and he
calculates that, by dividing the time by the num-
ber of officers on whose cases the board acted, he
produces a quotient, which he thinks represents
the exact quantity of time applied to each case.
Now, Mr. President, I would submit to Sena-
tors—I would submit to the gentleman himself,
whether it is at all likely that the mode of action
which he suggests to have been that of the board
could have been adopted by any intelligent set of
officers ?—whether it is not much more natural to
suppose, and whether, m point of fact, it is not
perfectly certain, that a very large majority of the
officers whose names are found on the Navy Re-
gister were acted upon at once by unanimous con-
sent, as being the names of officers against whom
no impeachment in relation to their activity and
efficiency could be alleged, and who were there-
fore at once segregated from the list of those upon
whom the board was to act? It appears tome
that a board constituted in the manner in which
this was constituted by us, would very naturally,
as its first step, take up the Navy Register; that
the presiding officer or secretary would run over
the list of names, one by one, and that the differ-
ent officers comprising the board would be asked,
as each name was called, to suggest whether, in
the opinion of any officer present, any action
was required in reference to the particular person
whose name was so called; and if, amongst the
fifteen members of the Navy then present, and
acting upon this list, no individual could be found
who could suggest any cause of complaint against
any particular name, that name would at once be set
aside as not requiring the action of the board, and
that action would be concentrated only on those
officers in relation to whom some impeachment
of their efficiency or activity might be suggested
by some member of the board. If we suppose,
what is natural, that such a course as that, or
something similar to that, was adopted, it becomes
very obvious that the number of cases on which
the board was to act was at once reduced to a,
much smaller number than the gentleman sup-^
poses to have been acted on by the board; and'
that, instead of seven or eight hundred officers, at
the very first meeting of the board but two or
three hundred cases would remain for action.
Again, sir, we all know that it is utterly impossi-
ble that, in a body like the Navy, where the entire
system of promotion for half a century has been
from seniority alone—where many aged men are
still retained in the service, even after the action
of this board—there should not have been a large
number of officers known to every member of the
board, who, from physical infirmity, from the
visitation of Providence, from accident, were
entirely inefficient and incompetent to perform
service; men bed-ridden, men who had lost the
use of their limbs, men who had not been able to
leave their sick chambers for the last quarter of
a century, men who, perhaps, were confined in
lunatic asylums, and had been so confined for
years. Sir, was it necessary to take such cases
as these, known to every individual member of
the board, and go through the farce of what gen-
tlemen are pleased to call a regular and closer
examination of their efficiency ana activity ? Is i
not obvious that the list, then, of those names
which would be submitted to the action of the
board, would at once be cut off one half or two
thirds by cases of this character, and that, in point
of fact, what may be termed the real deliberations
of the board, their action on cases admitting of
doubt or difficulty could by no possibility have
extended beyond a very limited number—fifty,
seventy-five, or one hundred cases—which mi^ht
be subjects of doubt, and which might require
careful deliberation and investigation? If my
friend from Tennessee will adopt this basis of
calculation, he will perhaps find that in each of
these cases (theobjectof the inquiry being simply
whether the officer was active and efficient) the
time devoted to their examination was amply ad-
equate for that deliberation, which, I admit, the
delicate functions imposed on these officers re-
quired them to exercise.
Anothersuggestionismade, having some force,
and yet not near so much as gentlemen insinuate,
and to which more weight is attached by my able
friend from Delaware [Mr. Bayard] than I think
he will be inclined to attribute to it after a thorough
examination. It is, that all the officers on the board
acted with a direct interest in striking names from
the list; that they were all actuated by motives
which made it impossible, in view of the weak-
ness of human nature, that they should exercise
their judgment with that impartiality and that
discrimination which could alone recommend
their decision to our support. It is true that, to
a certain extent, but to a very limited extent,
this feeling of interest might have operated; and
in order to show how much it has been exagger-
ated, I desire to call the attention of the Senate
to the care taken by Congress to eliminate from
the board every influence of this character which
could by possibility be taken, with a view to
leave their judgment as unbiased as in the nature
of things it was possible to leave it, while at the
same time we secured the benefit of the experi-
ence of public officers in a branch of service in
which public duties are performed far away from
the public eye. In the first place, sir, it was pro-
vided that no officers upon the board should ex-
amine into or report upon the efficiency of officers
of a grade above them. Next, it was provided
that the deliberations of the board should be con-
ducted according to rules and regulations to be
laid down by the Secretary of the Navy. We
have before us those rules and those regulations;
and it is my purpose, in a very cursoiy manner,
to refer to them, and to take this list of officers
who have been acted on by the board, and com-
pare the action of the board with the regulations
of the Secretary, for the purpose of analyzing the
precise quantum of interest which could by pos-
sibility have actuated the minds of officers who
were called upon, against their wishes, to per-
form this onerous public duty.
Mr. TOOMBS. Does the Senator know that
such was the case as to all of them?
Mr. BENJAMIN. Many of them. I have
been informed, nearly all of them were very anx-
ious to be excused from the service.
Mr. TOOMBS. Does the Senator limit the
generality of his remark ?
Mr. BENJAMIN. I am perfectly willing to
limit the generality of the remark. I presume
they were actuated by the same feelings as we,
ourselves should be under similar circumstances.
I presume none of us would be willing to go on
such a board, or would do so, without being re-
quired by the regulations of the service.
Mr. President, this board was constituted of
fifteen officers: five captains, five commanders,
and five lieutenants. The board was ordered to
meet, and the first regulation directed them to
make " a careful examination, in pursuance of the
law, as to passed midshipmen, masters, and lieu-
tenants," and to make a report upon them, and
then, that the lieutenants should retire from the
board, and that the remainder of the board—com-
posed of five captains, and five commanders—
should take up the list of commanders and make
their report on them; and, then, that the com-
manders should retire from the board, and leave
the captains alone to decide as to the members of
the service of equal grade with themselves
Now, I find that, of masters and passed mid-
shipmen, this board acted on thirty-nine cases.
