im
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 6,
When my colleague refers to my having re-
ceived Know Nothing votes, I presume he refers
to votes cast in Jefferson and Sevier counties.
Mr. SNEED. If my colleague will yield, I
will answer his question.
Mr. WATKINS. I will give way for my col-
league with a great deal of pleasure.
Mr. SNEED. I do not intend to put myself,
nor do I desire that my colleague shall be allowed
to put me, into the ungracious position of his pros-
ecutor. I shall not enter into the political issues
of the contest in which he was (Sleeted. 1 have
no inclination for the task. In the first place, I
desire to know of my colleague whether he ap-
plied the remark that this publication was not
true, in point of fact, in argument, or inference,
to me personally, and in any offensive sense ?
Mr. WATKINS. I stated that neither of the
positions taken in the publication was true in
fact, argument, or inference. I so stated, with
the qualification that I had no reference to my
colleague's veracity, though I did not use the word
veracity. 1 said that if my colleague had an opin-
ion of the kind I stated, the information upon
which he based it was incorrect.
Mr. SNEED. That is perfectly satisfactory.
I have another remark in reference to what my
colleague said of this matter being brought up m
his absence.
Mr. WATKINS. Do my colleague's remarks
count in my time?
The SPEAKER. Undoubtedly
Mr. WATKINS. Then my colleague had
better wait until I have finished, when he can
make what remarks he may desire.
Mr. SNEED. I will not occupy more than ten
minutes. When my colleague is through, then I
will show that I was not mistaken, and that I did
not deal impolitely with him in his absence.
" Mr. WATKINS. I trust my colleague will be
allowed to do that when I shall have concluded
my remarks. Ten or fifteen minutes taken out
of my time is more than I can spare. If, how-
ever, I conclude my remarks twenty minutes be-
fore the expiration of my hour, I will yield the
balance of my time to my colleague.
Mr. SNEED. I presume the House will in-
dulge me.
Mr. WATKINS. As my colleague has fore-
shadowed (he character of his reply in the sug-
gestion he made, by which he expects to estab-
lish the fact that the imputations in this editorial
arc correct, I will proceed to state the facts in
rcflfcrence to 
Mr. SNEED, (interrupting.) I ought to state
to my colleague that the part m reference to my
remarks is slightly inaccurate. I did not say, or
intend to say, that my colleague received the
Knuw Nothing vote of the two largest counties in
the district. 1 intended to say that ho received a
majority of the Know Nothing votes m two of
the counties of his district giving the largest
Know Nothing majority.
Mr. WATKINS. That does not materially
change the issue, and I am willing to accept the
modification made by my colleague; and meaning,
as 1 stated before, no discourtesy or disrespect
to him, 1 state that his information is incorrect
in reference to that also, and that it is not true in
point of fact; it is not true in point of argument;
and it is not true in point of iiifcrettuu, that I did
receive the majority of the Know Nothing votes
in those two counties. I didreceiveKuowNothing
votes, and I received them upon the ground of
the national issues as they were understood in
the county of Jefferson. I received in Jefferson
county the Know Nothing votes of those who
were my persona) friends. Every Know Nothing
vote inthateounty was marshaled and disciplined
that could be, so as to bear upon me on the day
of election. They were marshaled in full force
upon the field of battle. A contest similar to that
was never witnessed in the county of Jefferson.
I received every Democratic vote, every Whig
vote, and the votes of such of my personal friends
in Jefferson county belonging to the Know Noth-
ing party as preferred the principles of the Kan-
sas-Nebraska bill to Know Nothingism.
But wherever they had the power, they brought
all their machinery, directly and indirectly, to
bear against me on the day of the election, and
they did defeat me, m such places, two to one;
and but for the little sagacity which I happened
to possess, they would have beaten me m the
county of Jefferson, and thus beaten me in the
contest. ' But, a week before the election, I left
the contest in other parts, and returned to Jeffer-
son county, knowing that it was to be the battle-
ground. -That was the county which, in 1840, re-
ceived the cognomen of " Little Massachusetts,"
in consequence of its giving the largest vote in
the State against Yan Buren. Sevier county was
the banner county in 1844, and had received the
title of" Little Kentucky" in consequence of its
giving the largest vote to the immortal Clay, in
opposition to a distinguished son of her own State.
But I, knowing that Jefferson county was to be
the battle-ground, returned there; and, blessed
with a good constitution, I canvassed that county
day and night for one week before the election.
I rode by moonlight, through rain and mud. I
marshaled my friends, and stationed them at the
outposts, and was thereby enabled to blow up the
magazine of the party and to spike the cannon
which they had planted with a view of producing
my destruction on the day of election, in every
part of the county except the county seat. I
reached thatplaceonthedayofelection; and there
I was defeated, three to one, by their bringing to
bear all their machinery of party, all their influ-
ence through every possible combination, and by
the assistance of every society that existed in the
county, and threw their votes for what they con-
ceived to be the regular candidate of the Know
Nothing party in that district.
Those are the facts; and it is with no pleasure
or pride that I recur to them, for I trust I shall
never again witness such another scene. I trust,
if 1 should bo in forty other contests, I never
shall witness a similar excitement to that which
existed ill that district on the day of that election.
But while I do not wish to apply these remarks
to any member of the party outside of my district,
they did, in my county, resort to every scheme
to defeat me for some time before the election.
They practiced every sort of duplicity, every sort
of deception, every sort of hypocrisy and strata-
gem, to defeat my election; and some «of my
enemies in that county actually went to the
unpardonable extreme of perjuring to defeat mo,
as I have shown in the address written on the
2Glh of December; and 1 there confined it to the
persons to whom the charge properly applies.
Iliey committed the darkest, the blackest, the
most fatal species of perjury—that perjury which
is cognizable only in the high court of Heaven,
beyond which there is no appellate jurisdiction,
and the sentence of whose just condemnation is,
" Depart, ye cursed, into outer darkness."
Sir, 1 had hoped 1 should never be brought to
the extreme of making this declaration; but, sir,
it is true, ,is I have shown in that pamphlet, as
applied to the specific cases I have mentioned. I
have not time to argue the reasons why it was so,
but I argued it oil the UGth of December last.
Well, sir, as to the vote of the county of Sevier:
I am not prepaied to say liovv many Know
Nothing votes I d l receive. [ did receive the
votes of personal friends there who belonged to
that party; but I say—and I feel fully authorized
to say so from facts derived from personal con-
tact with my constituents—that nearly all those
belonging then to that party, and whose support
I received, are not now members of that party;
and I take pride and pleasure in saying that I
would have received the some vote under any
other circumstances than those which existed in
the canvass. I believe that is tile case in respect
to Sevier county also. I was supported upon the
national questions embraced ill the Kansas-Ne-
braska bill.
I will not now occupy more time in reference
to this point. My colleague wishes to address
the House in regard to it by unanimous consent;
that courtesy will be, as a matter of course, ex-
tended to each of us in future, if the discussion
shall be protracted on this point. I state the facts
as I understand them; and I will state one other
additional fact—that! lost the votes of two Dem-
ocrats ill the district, in consequence of my having
been at one time initiated in the Know Nothing
party, for the vote of every single Know Nothing
—particular friend or otherwise—that I received
at the polls on the day of the election. These
are additional facts to show that my election did
not depend upon that, and that I have not vio-
lated any principle or plighted faith in my course
m this House; but there are some questions of
policy entertained in my district, in reference to
the Kansas-Nebraska bill. It has been known
to my district, and to the country everywhere,
that I have been a warm advocate of that measure
ever since it was first mooted in the Congress of
the United States. But 1 wish now to reply to
some of the specific objections made to the, Kan-
sas-Nebraska bill, the principal of which is
squatter sovereignty. I am not aware that I know
what the enemies of the Kansas-Nebraska bill
mean by the term " squatter sovereignty  
Mr. FLAGLER. I submit that it is not in
order in a personal explanation to proceed to the
discussion of the principles of the Kansas-Ne-
braska bill.
The SPEAKER. If the gentleman from Ten-
nessee state that he intends to debate the Kansas-
Nebraska bill, the Chair thinks that it does not
come within the privilege of the personal expla-
nation.
Mr. WATKINS. If the Chair allow toe I
will say that I do not propose to discuss that spe-
cifically, as an abstract question; I propose to
discuss it ^connection with the question under
which I was elected to Congress—under this
newspaper accusation.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Ten-
nessee stated that that was his intention.
Mfi WATKINS. I will confine myself, I trust,
to the rules of debate, and to the parliamentary
law governing the House. One of the intima-
tions of this publication in the Knoxville Register
involves the doctrines contained in the Kansas-
Nebraska bill called "squatter sovereignty."
Now, I am not aware that I understand where
the principle of squatter sovereignty is in this bill.
My own opinion is that there is no squatter sov-
ereignty in the bill. What they call " squatter
sovereignty" I call " popular sovereignty;" you
may call it by whatever name you please; I am
in favor of all the sovereignty that there is in tho
Kansas-Nebraska bill. There is such a tiling as
squatter sovereignty, but in my opinion it does
not exist in the Kansas-Nebraska bill. All the
sovereignty that there is in the Kansas-Nebraska
bill is legal, constitutional popular sovereignty—
that sovereignty which exists in every Territory
when a Territory, and every State after it be-
comes a State. The recent denunciations on the
subject of squatter sovereignty, as it is termed,
do not meet my approbation. I hold that the Con-
gress of the United States has transferred to the
Territory of Kansas all the sovereignty and all
the powers which it possesses; but I do not hold
that that sovereignty is in abeyance in the Con-
gress of the United States, for the people of Kan-
sas and Nebraska, when they shall have organ-
ized a State government. I believe that, so far
from Congress being the trustee for the people
of Kansas and Nebraska, the people of Kansas
and Nebraska are trustees, holding the popular
sovereignty of the Territory in reservation for
thirty-one States of the Union, until the Territory
shall have been organized into a State govern-
ment, and shall take her place in the order of
States.
Mr. EDIE, (interrupting.) I must insist on
the point of order taken by my friend on the left,
[Mr. Flagler.] This is a simple paragraph
containing but few allegations. They are either
true or false, and ought to be explained away in
five minutes without discussion.
The SPEAKER. The Chair does not sustain
the point of order. The gentleman fromTennes-
see has got, by the unanimous consent of the
House, the privilege to explain his position; but
he has not the rightto introduce independent topics
of debate and discussion. He is entitled, in the
opinion of the Chair, to explain his position as
connected with political questions.
Mr. WATKINS. I thank the House, and
thank the Chair for its decision. I have not in-
tended and have not attempted to introduce new
subjects of debate; but I have attempted to explain
these as having reference to the position which I
occupicd in the last canvass. 1 was going on
to state what I understood to be popular sover-
eignty in the Territories of Kansas and Nebraska.
I do not understand it to be that sovereignty
which can be exercised by the people of the Ter-
ritory while it is a Territory; nor do 1 understand
that the Congress of the United States holds it
in reservation; but I believe that the Congress of
the United States has parted with all the sover-
