4m
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 13.
Here, at all events, is nearly one fifth of the action
of the board entirely free from the slightest sus-
picion of interest or bias in the minds of the
officers. But again, I find that the action of the
board comprehended, also, eighty-three lieuten-
ants, fou will observe, sir, that, although there
were five lieutenants on the board, the action of
those five lieutenants was controlled by ten supe-
rior officers. They composed but one third of
the board; and no officer could be affected by the
vote of his fellow officer, of the same grade, with-
out the concurrence of superior officers, who could,
by no possibility, be affected by the decision to be
rendered. You will observe, further, that the
board, acting on the cases of lieutenants, could,
by 110 possibility, know how many commandcrs
or how many captains would be operated upon
by the board that was to follow them; nor what
would be the effect on the members voting 011 the
cases of those special lieutenants, of the action
afterwards to be had by the remainder of the
board in its deliberations upon the commanders
and captains. So with the grade of commander,
and so with the grade of captain.
Therefore, I say that, although, to a certain
extent, it may be true that a bias existed in par-
ticular instances in the minds of particular offi-
cers, yet, as a general proposition, this element
in the decision of the board has been greatly
exaggerated; that it did not exist in the inferior
trades; that it did not exist at all as regards one
fill of the action of the board; and, as regards
nearly one half the action of the board—that in
relation to lieutenants—it only existed to a very
limited extent by reason of those two considera-
tions: first, that the action of the lieutenants was
controlled by their superior officers—double in
number to the lieutenants on the board; and,
next, that they could not yet tell what effect their
own action would have on themselves, because
the board had not acted on those superior grades
in relation to which their own-advancement or
promotion must necessarily depend.
So much for the question of interest. Then
again we are told, " Look at this report, take the
upper and the lower half of the Navy, and four
fifths of the action of the board has been confined
to the upper half, and only one fifth to the lower
half;" and we are asked if it is possible that a
result like this could be attained, if anything like
fairness or impartiality presided over the deliber-
ations of this advisory board ? Why, Mr. Pres-
ident, gentlemen who put this question surely do
not reflect on what they ask. Were we called
upon to act in relation to the pruning of the Navy,
to pruning decayed branches from the tree, and
did we so act with the expectation that young and
vigorous roots would be cut off, and old and de-
cayed limbs left on the tree ? Did wo not act on
the very hypothesis that the state of facts repre-
sented to us, for years and years, prior to the
passage of this act, still continued to exist, and
that the accumulations of half a century had left
in the Navy, in its higher grades, officers who,
however meritorious, and however deserving of
the respect and gratitude of their country for
prior services, had become incompetent to perform
the duties which their profession required of them
at the present day? Did any man expect, when
this law was passed, that it would be the young
officers who would be disrated—that the younger
officers of the Navy would be retired, and placed
on the leave of absence list? Or was it not our
intention, and was it not the direct purport of the
law declared on its face, that a pension list should
be provided for decayed and inefficient officers?
1 desire, Mr. President, now to approach really
what is the question at issue before us; I wish to
say something about the remedy that is to be af-
forded 111 the cases of such persons as may satisfy
us that injustice or error has been committed to
their prejudice. I would not, for any considera-
tion short of the public service of my country,
that injury should be done to any individual. 1
desire no harsh and extreme measures in the pres-
ent case. In all the observations that I have had
the honor to submit to the Senate on this law, I
have had in view one sole object—the good of the
public service, and the efficiency of one arm of our
national defense. If that can be reconciled with
relief to any of those officers who clamor so loudly
in relation to the action of the board on their par-
ticular cases, I am willing to do not only what is
just, but I am willing to go as far as any member
on this floor in doing what is liberal or gener-
ous.
But, sir, gentlemen here propose to us to repeal
this law. We are gravely told by experienced
Senators on this floor that it is our duty to hold
back the entire list of promoted officers, not to act
on their nominations, but to repeal the law, and
undo all that has been done. I might have some
fear that the Senate, under the pressure which has
been brought to bear upon it, could be induced to
do that, if it had the power; but it has not the
power, and I am glad it has it not, for the sake of
my country.
Now, sir, for a moment I propose to call the
attention of Senators to this point. I wish to
know in what way Congress can act on this law,
so as to accomplish the object which some Sena-
tors seem to have in view, of restoring to the
Navy every officer upon whose case the board
acted, and putting this branch of the public ser-
vice in precisely the same condition in which it
existed before, in holding back from worthy offi-
cers the promotion to which the verdict of their
fellow officers has declared them entitled, for
their efficiency and activity, and in consigning
the Navy to the same condition about which such
loud complaints have been made for years past ?
and complaints made, too, by some of the very
officers who now remonstrate, when the reform
which they sought has reached themselves.
I think no gentleman will undertake to say that
officers who have actually been dismissed from
the service by the President of the United States
can be restored to the service by the action of
Congress. My friend from Delaware [Mr. Bay-
ard] accedes to thntproposition. I think I may
challenge that ingenious and able Senator, on a
careful and critical examination of this law, to
draw the distinction which I know he intends
to draw between the officers on the reserved list
and the officers who have been dropped from
the service. My friend from Connecticut [Mr.
Toucey] suggested—I did not understand him
to say after any very thorough examination or
study of the subject—but he suggested the other
day that a repeal of the law would have the effect
of restoring to active service officers on the re-
served list. Now, I presume no Senator on this
floor will deny that, whenever a vacancy exists
in the public service, the President of the United
States alone, under the Constitution, has the
right to fill that vacancy. That can be denied by
none. If that proposition bo once admitted, there
remains but this question of fact to determine:
have vacancies arisen under this law 111 the public
servicc, and have thoy been filled by the Presi-
dent of the United States in virtue of his execu-
tive prerogative' Let the law answer for itself.
I will read the words of the second section:
" And vacancies created in the active icrviee list, hy
placing officers on the reserved list, shall be filled by regu-
lar promotion m the order of rank and seniority. And
ofiii-ois who may be promoted to fill the vacantia created
hy the reserved list shall, while unemployed, receive only
the ' leave-of-absuieo,' or1 waiting-orders' pay."
Mr. BAYARD. Will my friend allow me to
make a single remark, as I do not purpose to
speak on this question generally, to-day, in refer-
ence to that part of the law, ana he can then com-
ment on my position?
Mr. BENJAMIN. I yield.
Mr. BAYARD. 1 accede, Mr. President, fully
to the remark that no action of Congress or of the
Senate can restore to the service an officer who
has been dropped ft 0111 the rolls of the Navy by
the direction of the Piesident; but if, in reference
to a law of the nature of the one under considera-
tion, the sense of Congress should be expressed
as to its inexpediency by a repeal of the law, I
can hardly presume that the President would
refuse to restore those who have been dropped, if
the law under which they were dropped were
absolutely repealed, and the repealing statute was
approved by himself, the object being to put
things in their former condition,and then to pro-
vided different and more fitting remedy for the
improvement of the Navy. I concede that we
have not ourselves the power to do that. As to
officers who have been retired, whether on fur-
lough pay or on leave-of-absence pay, I cannot
agree with the honorable Senator from Louisiana,
tfnder the practice which regulates the Navy—
though there is no positive law on the subject—the
President of the United States, and he alone,
grants a commission, and ho alone makes a pro-
motion, subject to the ratification of the Senate.
The present law was necessary for the creation
of a retired list to enable the President to put men
out of the line of promotion, apd the usage of
promotion by seniority is recognized as a prin-
ciple by this very law. Now, if you repeal the
law, I ask—those officers remaining in the Navy,
though being under the law placed out of the line
of promotion—will not the repeal of the law neces-
sarily place them in the line of promotion again,
according to their former position ? Is not that
the necessary effect of the repeal of the law ?
Where docs the President derive the right to
place an officer out of the line of promotion, ex-
cept under this law ? He has no such right under
his general powers over the Navy.
I admit that the President has a right to over-
slaugh an officer, but he must do it subject to the
consent of the Senate; and there has been more
than one instance in which a conflict has arisen
between the Executive and the Senate of the
United States in regard to that subject. The
Senate have repeatedly assumed the power, where
without cause satisfactory to them the President
has promoted a junior officer over the head of his
senior, who was entitled, by seniority, to his
place, of laying the nomination on the table, or
of refusing to confirm it. I know of no instance
of that kind in which the Senate have not suc-
ceeded and the Executive has not yielded, be-
cause it was the usage of the service that officers
should be promoted by seniority; and, unless
good cause was shown for disregarding the usage,
the Senate would not confirm the promotion of a
junior over a senior. That usage has become a
part of the regulations of the Navy; and, in my
judgment, it is as restrictive on the despotic and
absolute power which would otherwise exist in
the President as if it were directly by the Con-
stitution conferred as part of his right of nomina-
tion and our right of confirmation.
Now, sir, I hold that, if the law be repealed,
the officers on the reserved list will be restored.
They have not been dropped from the service,
but they have been placed out of the line of pro-
motion in consequence of the law of the last ses-
sion; and when you repeal that law, they will
stand m precisely the same position which they
occupied before the law was passed. If the Pres-
ident had nominated to the Senate a junior officer,
overslaughing a  eniorone,the Senate would have
inquired into the facts; and if they were satisfied
that there were no grounds for overslaughing him,
they would have laid the nomination on the table
or rejected it. They have done so in my own
experience here; they did so long before I was a
member of the Senate. The Executive has ac-
ceded to this power of the Senate. I think it was
(i wise and necessary power; and though not ex-
pressly conferred by the language of the Consti-
tution, it is incident to the power of confirmation,
and, in my judgment, is necessary to restrain
anything that may operate by way of error—no
matter what the cause—in the promotion of a
junior over a senior officer.
Sir, long before I was a member of the Senate,
there was a ease in which I took a deep interest,
individually, and I recollect it from having been
in Washington at the time. In that case the Pres-
ident of the United States overslaughed one of
the most distinguished and gallant officers of the
Navy, subsequently a member of this body.
[The honorable Senator was understood to al-
lude to Commodore Stockton.] When the nom-
ination overslaughing him was sent to the Senate,
it was laid on the table or rejected. The conse-
quence was that the President receded from the
nomination, and left that officer in his proper
grade. Sorry would I have been if the Senate
had not so acted, and 1 think the country would
have regretted it, for it would probably have de-
prived us of the subsequent distinguished ser-
vices of that officer during the war with Mexico.
There have been other instances of a similar char-
! acter, in which the Senate have taken the stand
i that, unless they were satisfied that the officer
| over slaughed was properly overslaughed,they
| would not confirm the nomination of another per-
son to the position to which he would be entitled
by his seniority.
I have thus stated my views on this question.
I think the necessary effect of repealing the law
would be to restore all officers to the right of
