THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN C. RIVES, WASHINGTON, D. C.
Thirty-Fourth Congress, 1st Session
TUESDAY, AUGUST 12, 1856.
New Series. .. .No. 126.
will not insist on that recommendation. It is
absolutely necessary that such a provision should
be adopted. We can have no recourse to the
Court of Claims, and must come to Congress.
There are now nearly ten years of accumulated
claims in New Mexico, on account of depreda-
tions committed by Indians. There is no other
way to bring about a settlement except by a pro-
vision requiring the Secretary of the Interior to
make this investigation. I hope the committee
will concur in the amendment. It cannot do any
harm.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I will simply say that it
would give me great pleasure to md the gentleman
from New Mexico in a proper way; but the
idea of providing in an appropriation bill the
means for hunting up claims against the Govern-
ment strikes me as stretching the rules too far;
and therefore the Committee of Ways and Means
recommend non-concurrence.
Mr. ORR. I move to amend pthe amendment
by striking out the last two lines. I do not know
that it is necessary that anything should be said
to induce the committee to vote down this sec-
tion.
Mr. HAVEN. Do you want it voted down ?
Mr. ORR. I do.
Mr. HAVEN. Then let us take the ques-
tion.
Mr. ORR. I want to explain it, as it will come
before the conference committee. The objection
to that section is this: under the Indian lntei-
coursc law now, every person who has suffered
depredations at the hands of Indians has the
right to go before the proper Department, and
authenticate his losses and claim compensation, i
whatever that compensation may be. Now, the I
object, or rather the result, of tins section would j
be this: you would inaugurate this policy—a I
report will be submitted, and the very fact ih; t
you Lave authorized it will be used as evidence
jfiere that the Government, by the passage of this
section, assumed to pay every claim repoited to
the Secretary. I think, therefore, the committee
is right m recommending a non-concurrence. I
withdraw my amendment.
The amendment was non-concurred m.
Sixty-fifth amendment:
Sec 9. ~Znd be it f uither cnarteJ, That the third-ection
of me act making appi epilation ior the c iment and
gent expense-: oi the Indian department. and To; minimi'.:
tieatv -tipiilations vvitii v.vnuu- Indian tube--, .ippioved
Match 3. 18.") be, and the ^ame w hereby. -n modified and
amended as to limit the Authority of the Hcciefaiv of the
Intcrioi to cause to be paid the -inn of £.">3 33 to Mich indi-
vidual only of the Nojth Cmolina oliuiokee-i as aie pui-
biaced m the ioH of John C. Mtillay, and who may be living
at the time of payment piovjdcd tor m the said .section of
Haul act: Piouidtd, That nothing heroin contained s>hall be
con-trued to repeal any provision m said net.
Mr. CAMPBELL. The Committee of "Ways
and Means recommend non-concurrence.
Mr. CLTNGM A N. I offer the followingamend-
ment in the nature of a substitute:
jiadbe it further cnaite.L That the Secretaiy oi the Tnte
rior be authouzed to appoint an agent to enroll and re?no\e
Mich Choiokces <i> ile-ne to emirate to tin- eounti\ u e~t
of the Mn-i^ippi, at a compensation not e-\cee(lnez loiir
dollars per dav while he i- actually emplovcd, to hi; paid
out of any mom the TreaMtiy not otheiwi-e appio-
priated • •dn<t provided further. That the expen.-e ol le-
nmviujrsueh Cheiokee;-1  to come out of said sum of 33
hei/'totore appropriated for that pmpo^o.
I ask the attention of the committee for a single
moment to bring to their mind the hw. In
an act of Congress was passed setting apart the
sum of §53 33~for the removal of eaeh of these In-
dians that were left in North Carolina. It is pro-
vided by that law that this sum may be appro-
priated for the removal of the Indian, or, if he
should remove himself, then the money was to
bo paid to him when he got west of the Missis-
sippi nver. In point of fact there are some two
or three hundred Indians now in my district.
They are anxious to emigrate, but have not the
means of removing. The Secretary does not want
to pay them the money, because they mightnever
go: and 'hey cannot get west of the Mississippi
without some means. They are, therefore, un-
able to remove. This amendment provides that
an agent may be appointed, and that he shall re-
ceive out of the Treasury the small sum of four
dollars per day, while actually employed in re-
moving them. It was supposed that $20 would
be sufficient to remove each of them; and the bal-
ance of the sum, $33 33, was to go to one year's
subsistence after they got there. I have no doubt
that it will be amply sufficient. A large portion
of the Indians have been already removed. I called
on the Secretary of the Interior the early part of
the session,andrequestedhimtoappointanagent. ;
He had no objection to doing it, and thought that
he had authority sufficient to make the appoint-
ment, but said that ho had no means out of which
to make him compensation. I think the Gov-
ernment ought to pay that compensation. The
Governmentis bound to remove the Indians under
the express articles of the treaty, and 1 trust the
committee will sec no objection to the adoption
of the amendment I have indicated.
I will say to the gentleman from Ohio, that the
Gov eminent bound itself to remove these Indians.
It has, as is well known, lemoved a large part
of them, but the obligation still rests to remove
those who remain. This $53 33 is a part of the
$5,000,000 winch the Government paid them for
their lands, when it was determined to remove
them west of the Mississippi. It is utterly
impossible for these Indians to remove, unless
the means are furnished by the Government. I
think this proposition ought to be adopted. I
understand, however, that the Committee of
Ways and Means wish the amendment of the
Senate to be stricken out. I will therefore offer
my amendment as a substitute for the Senate
amendment. Then, if the committee vote down
my amendment, the question will be taken on
concurring in the amendment of the Senate; so
that the vote may be taken directly, as my friend
from Arkansas [Mr. Greenwood] desires it shall
i be. If the question should be taken on concur-
ring with the amendment of the Senate, and the
I committee deride to concur, it will then be too
Lite to offer my proposition as a substitute, and
1 shall have no opportunity of offering it. I
therefore offer my amendment as a substitute for
the amendment of the Senate.
Mi. CAMPBELL, of Ohio. This committee
has already, by its action on the sixty-third
amendment, settled this question, to wit: that
they will not provide for the creation of any new
officer. The gentleman from North Carolina
[Mr. Clingman] says they have a few Indians
left in his district, and he wishes the appointment
of an Indian agent to superintend the removal of
these Indians west of the Mississippi. Now, sir,
if the committee propose to create this new office,
especially where there are so few Indians to re-
move, and to make the provision in the Indian
appropriation bill, 1 think we should go back 
Mr. CLINGMAN. 1 wish to say to the gen-
tleman, that the last census shows that there are
about one thousand four hundied Indians m my
district, and I understand that nbout three hun-
dred of them wish to emigrate. Thetreatyrequirus
that the Government shall remove them, and I
do not see how it can be done unless an Indian
agent be appointed.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I regard the appointment
of an Indian agent under circumstances like these,
without limit or restriction, except as to his re-
Si eeivmg four dollars per day, as a matter of too
ji much importance to be attached to an Indian ap-
j' propnatioii bill. As Ihave said, we have already
!■ refused to appoint any Indian agent east of the
" Rocky Mountains. We refused to concur m the
Senate amendment, upon the principle that we
would not trammel the appropriation bill by the
creation of Indian agents, and by matters of gen-
eral legislation. And, sir, the reasons the gentle-
man from North Carolina gives for the appoint-
ment of this agent are by no means as good as
the reasons which could be given for the support
of the Senate amendment, (No. 63,) in which the
committee has already non-concurred. I think
it would be very dangerous to establish, m an In-
dian appropriation bill* such a prcccdcnt tts is
contemplated by the amendment of the gentle-
j man from North Carolina. I hope, therefore,
: that his amendment will be voted down, and that
the Senate amendment will be non-concurred in.
Mr. GREENWOOD. I simply desire that the
committee may be made acquainted with the
| reasons which influenced the Senate in adopting
i this sixty-fifth amendment. I have nothing to do
i with the amendment of the gentleman from North
Carolina. If it could be legitimately placed upon
this bill, I think it would be very well, if there
are, as he says, three hundred of these Indians
who are desirous of emigrating west of the Mis-
sissippi.
Mr. HOUSTON. I ask that the third section
of the law for removing these Indians may be
read. I think it will show that no further legis-
lation is necessary.
Mr. CLINGMAN. Certainly they must have
the means of emigrating whenever they wish.
The Secretary of War is required to draw the
i money from the Treasury whenever it is required
| for that purpose.
I Mr. GREENWOOD. 1 will state that this
j sixty-fifth amendment is merely to remove an
ambiguity in relation to the construction of the ex-
isting law.
The section of the law of 1848 was read as fol-
lows:
e< Sec. o. Jliid be it further enacted, That whenever,here
after, any individual, or individuals, of said Cherokee^ In-
dians, shall dei-ire to mnove and join the tribe went of the
Mississippi, then the Secretary of War shall be authorized
to withduuv from the fund set apart as aforesaid the sum of
33, and the intcie-t due and unpaid theieon, and apply
the same, or such part thereof as shall be necessary, to the
removal and bubMstenee of such individual, or individuals,
1 and pay the remainder, if any, oi the whole, if the said In-
[ di.ui«, oi any of them,--hall prefer to lemove themselves,io
! such individuals or heads of families, upon their removal
west of the Mississippi: Provided, That the amount herein
[ lequued to be funded loi thf benefit ot said Chorokces ni
1 North Caiolma, ami the amount required to he paid them,
1 shall be chained u> the tieneial Cherokee fund, under the
! treaty of New Eehota, and shall be reimbursed therefrom."
Mr. CLINGMAN. The provision just read
shows that my amendment is necessary. The
Secretary of War is authorized to let these Indians
have the money, but there must be an agent to
pay it to them. My amendment allows such
a°*ent four dollars per day, while so engaged.
Mr. GREENWOOD. Mr. Chairman, I ask
the particular attention of members to the follow-
ing explanation of the amendment of the Senate,
which was made by the Senator from Arkansas,
who is the chairman of the Committee on Indian
Affairs of the Senate:
" Jind ht it further cnactcd, That the third section of the
act making appropriations for the current and contingent
expense^ of the Indian department, and for fulfilling treaty
stipulations with various Indian tribes, approved March 3,
I«,)5. be. and tfm same is herebv, so modified and amended
as to limit the authority of theVectetary of the Interior to
cause to be paid the sum of 33 to such individuals only
ot the Noith Carolina Cherokee?- .i& are embraced vn the
mil ot .John C. Mtillay, and who may be living at the time
of payment piovided for in the said section of said act j
Fioivledt That nothmglieiem contained shall be construed
to repeal any provision m said act. .
"Mi. Hcvikr. I should like to hear that again. We
have paid a good deal of money to these Cherokees.
" Mi. rieb vsiian. Perhaps I had better explain to the
Senator. Tt is within his recollection, as it is probably
within that of most Senator- here, that in 1S48 a law was
na^ed bv Congress lequinriirthe Secretary of the treasury
to take an enrollment of North Carolina Cherokees, and,
when their number was ascertained, to set apart a certain
sum as a uu*t fund in the Treasury ot the United fctaies for
then benefit, to the amount of 33, the aggregate of the
commutation of their claim for removal and subsistence,
with interest on that amount of money from time to tune ;
and whenever any one of them might choose to remove to
the West, it wa< to be paid.oi disbursed by the Depart-
ment to defray the expenses of their removal, bnder
the provisions of that law I believe sixteen Cherokees
have emulated to the West. The rest have boon citizens,
or residents at least, of the State of North Carolina. The
Government has been paving interest on that amount ever
since. At the last session of Congre-s it octuirrd to the-
Committee on Indian A/fairs, that, inasmuch as the dis
bursement of that interest being so small as it was to the
Indians, had become a public debt to the amount ot nttyor
sixty dollars, it might as vvell be redeemed bv paying them
the puncipal m Iteuof perpetual interest. 1 he Department
recommended it, and made an estimate for it; but when
they came to pay off the principal, it was found that a great
numv persons had died who could not of course take under
tlie law. Their personal lepresentatives, their adinuustra-
126
