112&
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 7,
suffered the remarks of my colleague [Mr. Smith]
to pass unnoticed—-if I had not stated what was
the'position of his colleague?
I shall not go into a controversy of matters per-
sonal to my colleague, [Mr. Watkins,] of what
he was and what he was not elected on. JNor will
1 be drawn in this irregular way into a discussion
of the general politics of the country. We shall
have plenty of time for that during the coming
summer, under the shade of the oaks in the beau-
tiful forests and valleys of ourown lovedTennes-
see. As we are not more than twenty miles dis-
tant each from the other, I doubt not that we shall
have many an encounter.
Eut how are the facts in the case_ of my col-
league? I know of no statistics going to show
the number of Know Nothing votes—as they are
called—in Jefferson and Sevier counties, except
those of the vote in the gubernatorial election.
If there be any other I ask to be pointed to them.
That election occurred on the same day with the
election for Congress, and was had by means of
the same ballot-box. Coionel Gentry, whose
clarion voice still lingers here, at least in the rec-
ollection of his associates, was the candidate of
the American party. A more gallant standard-
bearer a gallant American party never had. He
was universally recognized as the candidate of
the American party. Colonel Johnson, who will
also be slightly remembered by those who served
in this House with him, was the candidate of the
Democratic party. The counties of Jefferson
and Sevier cast—in round numbers, but accurate
enough for this discussion—less than three thou-
sand votes, of which Colonel Gentry had more
than two thousand two hundred majority. My
colleague received a majority of the votes m these
two counties; and he was an American in regular
and good standing in the largest of those two con-
tiguous counties. [Laughter.] He did not with-
draw, as I have authority to state- from his own
letter, from the American organization until after
the election. [Renewed laughter.] These were
the data on which I based my statement that my
colleague received a majority of the Know Noth-
ing votes of two of the oountics of his district—
counties that gave the largest Know Nothing
vote—and that he was elected by the American
party. I have nothing to say in respect to other
branches of the discussion, and so far as I am
concerned it may terminate here.
Mr. WATKINS. I beg leave to say a single
■word in reply to my colleague's remarks.-*
Mr. MORGAN. I object to anything further.
Mr. LETCIIER. I think as we have com-
menced we ought to go through with it.
The question recurred on Mr. Jones's motion
that the House proceed to the consideration of
the business on the Speaker's table, on which the
yeas and nays had been ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the negative—yeas 33, nays 97; as follows:
VJ3AS—Messrs. Allen, Allison, Branch, Burnett, Carlile,
Caskie, Clingman, Howell Cobb, English, Foster, Thomas
J. D. Fuliei, Jewett, Gcoiue W. Jone&, Kraaett, Letcher,
Lumpkin, Humphrey iVTinshail, McMnIlm, McQueen,
Meacham, Smith Miller, Million, Phelp.*, i'urvmnce, Rich-
ardson, JRuflin, Savage, Samuel A. Smith, Spinner, Stan-
ton, Stewart, Wheeler, and Daniel B. Wright—33.
NAYS—Messrs. Aiken, Albright, Ball, Barbour, Barks-
dale, Henry Bennett, Ben«on. ftilliiighum, Bingham,
Bishop, Bliss, BradMiaw, Butfinton, Buihngame, Lewis I).
Campbell, Ezra Clark,Williamson It. W. Cobb, Colfax, Co-
vode,Ciagm, Cuniback, floury Winter Davis, Dean, Dui fee,
Edic, Eustis', Flagler, Henry iM. Fuller, Giddings, Gilbert,
Granger, Greenwood, Grow, Augustus Hall, Harlan, J.
Morrison Hams, Sampson W. Harris, Hoffman, Ilolloway,
*1 stated in my first remarks, and in my letter of Decem-
ber, that I was initiated m a public counting-room ; but i
stated then, and st^te now, that I never was in a council
or meeting of the party in my life. I stated in my letter of
December the reasons why I did not withdraw during the
canvass. I determmed long before the election to do so at
the earliest moment when I could consistently. I so stated
to my friends. My colleague is mistaken m the fact that the
question of Americanism was the issue in my district. The
Kansas- question was the issue in my election, as every voter
in the district well knows. The American question was
the issue in the Governor's election, it h true. So farfipom
the calculation of mv colleague proving that I got a majority
of Americans m Jeffeison and Sevier counties, (the two
counties mentioned,) it proves directly the reverse, if it
proves anything in the ?iatter. He states that Gentry's
majority in those two cou ities over Johnson was about two
thousand, which is true ; hut mark you, my majority in the
two comities was only one hundred votes. Now take from
my vote the Whig- that were not m the American party,
arid the Democrats, every one of whom voted for me in
those two counties, and you leave me according to his data
without any Know Nothing votes.
Thomas R. Horton, Valentine B. Horton, Hughston, King,
Knapp, Knowlton, Knox, Leiter, Lindley, Mace, Alexan-
der K. Marshall, Matteson, Maxwell, McCarty, Morgan,
Morrill, Nichols, Andrew Oliver, Paine, Parker, Peck,
Pelton, Pennington, Perry, Pettit, Pike, Pringle, Puiyear,
Reade, Ready, Ricaud, Jlobison, Sabin, Sandidge, Sapp,
Scott, Seward, Simmons, Sneed, Stranahan, Tappan, Tay-
lor,- Thonngton, Thurston, Todd, Tiafton, Trippe, Valk,
Wakeman, Walbridge^ Waldron, Ellihu B. Wd&hburne,
Israel Wa«hburn, Welch, Williams, Woodruff, Wood-
worth, and Zoihcoffer—97.
So the House refused to go to the business on
the Speaker's table.
Mr. BENNETT, of New York. I move the
previous question upon the passage of the bill.
Mr. McMULLIN. Will not this bill come up
as the first thing in order to-morrow, if we now
adjourn ?
The SPEAKER. The Chair is of opinion that
in its present condition the bill will not come up
as the first thing, but will go to the Speaker's
table.
The House was divided upon the call for the
previous question; and there were—ayes 75, noes
22; no quorum voting.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois, called for
tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. "Wasii-
buiwe, oflllinois, and Sandidge were appointed.
Mr. McMUXLIN moved that the Plouse ad-
journ.
Mr. H. MARSHALL asked for tellers upon
the motion to adjourn.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. H. Mar-
shall and Bliss were appointed.
The question was taken; and the tellers re-
ported—ayes 35, noes 64.
Mr. EDIE. As there is no quorum voting, X
move that there be a call of the House.
Mr. BENNETT. I withdraw the call for the
previous question,and move to recommit the bill;
and then 1 move that the House adjourn.
Mr. H. MARSHALL. I rise to a question
of order. The gentleman on my left moved that
there be a call of the House.
The SPEAKER. The Chair did not recog-
nize the gentleman from Pennsylvania, but rec-
ognized the gentleman from New York, who ex-
pressed a desire to withdraw the demand for the
previous question.
Mr. WALBR1DGE. Is it in order to move
that the i louse do now adjourn?
The SPEAKER. It is.
Mr. WALLJRIDGE. I submit that motion.
Mr. MARSHALL. I rise to another question
of order. When it is apparent to the Speaker,
that there is no quorum in the House, it is not
competent for the Speaker to entertain a motion,
except it be for a call of the House or to adjourn.
Mr. SAPP. There can be no doubt but there
is a quorum present.
The SPEAKER. It is not competent for the
Chair, after a vote has been taken upon a motion
to adjourn, and 110 quorum has voted, to refuse
to entertain amotion to recommit the bill, or any
other motion. It must be left to a count of the
House, upon a vote lelating to the business of
the House, to decide whether there is a quorum
or not.
The motion was agreed to; and the House ac-
cordingly (at three o'clock and thirty minutes)
adjourned until to-morrow, at twelve o'clock, m.
IN SENATE.
Wednesday, May!, 1856.
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. Henry C. Dean.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
EXPLORATIONS AND SURVEYS.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore laid before the
Senate a report of the Secretary of War, com-
municating, in compliance with a resolution of
the Senate, the report of Lieutenant G. K. War-
ren, of the United States engineer corps, of his
exploration of the region of country between the
Missouri and Platte rivers, and the Rocky Mount-
ains, with the map accompanying the same.
Mr. WELLER. If that report contains the
valuable information which I suppose it does, I
shall desire to move for the printing of an extra
number of copies. I suppose that I may as well
now make a motion to print it, and let it go to the
Committee on Printing. They can then examine
the document, and report to the Senate whether
it be expedient to print an additional number of
copies. I move that the document be referred to
the Committee on Printing.
Mr. SEWARD. Whatnuiflberof copies doea
the Senator propose ?
Mr. WELLER. I make no motion for an ad-
ditional number. My motion is simply to print
the document. I desire that that motion shall go
to the Committee on Printing; and if, on inspec-
tion, they think it a document of public utility,
they can recommend the printing of an additional
number.
The motion to print was referred to the Com-
mittee on Printing.
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS.
Mr. MASON presented the petition of George
Watt, praying for an extension of his patent for
an improvement in plows; which was referred to
the Committee on Patents and the Patent Office.
Mr. BROWN presented the petition of the
heirs of Jabez B. Rooker, deceased, prayingfor
compensation for his services as clerk in the
office of the Commissioner of Public Buildings;
which was referred to the Committee on Claims.
Mr. BRODHEAD presented the memorial of
Franklin Beale, praying for reimfheration for his
inventions and improvements in the machinery
and processes used at the Mint for refining and
coining the precious metals; which was referred
to the Committee on Claim^.
PAPERS WITHDRAWN.
On motion of Mr. FITZPATRICK, it was
Ordered, That the memorial of J. R. Powell, on the files
of the Senate, be referred to the Committee on the Post
Office and Post Roads.
SWAMP LANDS.
Mr. DOUGLAS submitted the following reso-
lution; which was considered by unanimous con-
sent, and agreed to;
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Interior be requested
to inform Ihe Senate what legislation, if any, is neeessaiy
to pi vp full force and effect to the act known as the " swamp
land law," and to quiet all conflicts and disputed titles
arising under the authority of the Federal and State Gov-
ernments respectively.
REPORTS FROM COMMITTEES.
Mr. FOSTER, from the Committee on Revo-
lutionary Claims, to whom was referred the
petition of Robert H. Coggeshall and others,
heirs of Daniel Hall, submitted an adverse report;
which was ordered to be printed.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the petition of Stephen Tuthill, sub-
mitted an adverse report; which was ordered to
be printed.
Mr. BROWN, from the Committee on the
District of Columbia, to whom was referred the
bill (S. No. 267) to incorporate the Apothecaries'
Association of the District of Columbia, reported
it with an amendment.
BOUNTY LAND BILL.
Mr. FOOT. The committee of conference on
the disagreeing votes of the two Houses on the
bill (H. R. No. 8) to amend the act " in addition
to certain acts granting bounty land to certain
officers and soldiers who have been engaged in
the military service of the United States,''ap-
proved March 3, 1855, report, after full and free
conference, that the Senate should recede from
its disagreement to the House amendment strik-
ing out the fifth and sixth sections of the Senate
amendments to the original bill; and that the
House amendment to the eighth section be amend-
ed by inserting, after the word "last," the word
" preceding," and that in this form the amend-
ment be agreed to ; and also that the House
recede from its amendment proposed as an addi-
tional section to the Senate amendments.
Mr. COLLAMER. I desire to have the bill
read as it will stand when amended as proposed.
Mr. FOOT. The amendments proposed by
the House were, first, to strike out the fifth and
sixth sections which enumerate certain individ-
uals attached to the Army of the United States,
as clerks and other assistants, who should be
entitled to bounty land.
Mr. COLLAMER. This report proposes to
agree to that ?
Mr. FOOT. The committee of conference
unanimously agree to the amendment of the House
striking out those sections. The House also pro-
posed an additional section defining who should
ba considered as minors in reference to the act
