2002
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
August 9,
tore claimed, as coming to them" for purposes of genera!
administration, tins fund, winch was originally intended
by the Government only for lemoval.
11 It id now to relieve the Secretary of that douht, and the
law of that ambiguity, by declaring that the principal shall
be paid only to those living persons who could receive the
interest1, and who could emigrate under the terms of the
law, and not to pay to those who are claiming it in behalf
of the representatives of deoea&ed persons on the roll of
Mullay. I see on my table, and theie are before the Com-
mittee on Indian Affairs?, many memorials from the repre-
sentatives of deceased Indians, who are claiming from this
commutation fund as payable to them. The Secretary of
the Treasury decided that they were not entitled, under
the spirit and terms of the law. The amendment is to
require the disbursement of that fund in conformity to the
decision of the Secretary of the Treasury. Of eouise this
is an answer to, and equivalent to a refusal of, the memo-
rials of all those personal representatives who have asked
for the payment of the principal to them. That is the
operation and effect of the amendment."
Now, Mr. Chairman, there is no doubt in ray
mind that this amendment ought to be agreed to.
As to the amendment proposed by the gentleman
from North Carolina, that is a question for the
committee. "Whether it ho voted down or not,
I trust the Senate amendment will be agreed
to.
Mr. CLINGMAN. I call attention to the
statement read by the gentleman from Arkansas.
It is there stated that only sixteen Indians were
removed. They were able to remove themselves,
and then received the money they were entitled
to-, but the greater portion of these Indians, hav-
ing to travel six or seven hundred miles, had not
the moans for their removal; and unless the Gov-
ernment appoints an agent to remove them, they
never will receive the money to which they are
entitled. All this shows the necessity of my
amendment*.
Mr. UREENWOOD. There is no conflict
between the gentleman and myself. My argu-
ment is, that whether the gentleman's amend-
ment be adopted or not, the committee ought, at I
least, to concur in the amendment of the Sen-
ate.
Mr. HOUSTON". We have had a great deal
of trouble with these Indians. The ground on
which they were permitted to remain was, that
they were capable to govern themselves. I think
the best thing we can do is to let them alone. If
they signify to the Secretary of War a desire to
remove West, then let the means be furnished for
that purpose.
Mr. CLINGMAN. They have so signified to
the Secretary of War, hut he will not pay them.
I have called at the War Department myself.
Mr. HOUSTON". What is the objection >
Mr. CLINGMAN. That if he gives them the
money they will never remove. The Govern-
ment is bound to remove' them.
Mr. HOUSTON. Not by the treaty. The
Government was oiiginally bound to remove
those who desned to go.
Mr. CLINGMAN. To remove them all.
Mr. HOUSTON. North Carolina has con-
tributed more to the retention of these Indians
than any other State. If the State had given her
countenance to their removal, there would not
now be one of them within her limits—at least!
there would be very few of them. Instead of so ,
doing she has passed laws making them citizens. ;
Mr. CLINGMAN. That is a mistake. There -
never was nime than one given the privilege of
oitm-nship, ami he had rendered good service in ,
the wai. |
Mr. HOUSTON. Do they not tote at your j
elections' ;
Mr. CLINGMAN None other than the one J
I refer to. j
Mr. HOUSTON. I know that some of the !
States have made them citizens, and encouraged ,
them to remain, against the policy of the Govern- j
ment. Ail that we are bound to do is, when they ,
signify a desne to be removed, to pay them the j
money to which they are entitled; which 1 think
we ought to do.
Mr. PHELPS. I am opposed to the amend-
ment of the gentleman from North Carolina, and
the amendment of the Senate. 1 will refer to a
section of law uhich has not been heretofore
'quoted. The amendment under consideration
provides for the payment of certain Indians on
jthe foil of John C. Mullay, who may be living.
,The lay pf 1855 directed the payment to them of
the sum^of $53 33. The amendment acts as a
deprivation of tlie rights of these Indians who
Jiave died. It takes a^vayirom them their distrib-
utive share of the money. Here is the third
section of the Indian appropriation act of 1855:
And he it further enacted, That the Secretary
of the Interior is hereby authorized and required to cause
to be paid to the >T rth Carolina Chcrokees embraced in the
roll of John C. Aiuiiay, or the legal representatives of such
of them as have died amce their enrollment, the sum $53 33,
respectively, for the expenses of their removal and subsist-
ence, now held m trust by the United State?, according to
the terms of the fourth section of the act of 29th of July,
anno Domini, 3818; for which purpose there is hereby ap-
propriated the sum of $49,290 69: Provided, That each and
every Indian so receiving such payment in full, shall give
his assent thereto : And provided further, That said Secre-
tary shall be first satisfied that the State of North Carolina
has, before such payment, bv some appiopriate act, agreed
that said Cherokee^ maviemairi permanently m that State,
anything in the treaty of 1835—36 to the contrary notwith-
standing."
Now, this provides that this subsistence money
shall be paid to the Indians enumerated upon the
roll of John C. Mullay, and in the case of the
death of any of them, to the legal representatives
of those deceased Indians.
The Senate amendment provides there shall be
paid the sum of $53 33 to such Indians only in
North Carolina, of the Cherokee nation, as are
embraced in the roll of John C. Mullay, as may
have been living at the time of the payment pro-
vided for in the said act. Then there is a further
proviso retaining the provision of the act of 1855.
I can see no object whatever in the amendment
of the Senate, except it be to deprive the living
representatives of the deceased Indians of the
payment to which they were entitled under the
act of 1855. I therefore think that both amend-
ments are improper, and ought not to be adopted.
The question was taken upon Mr. Cungman's
amendment; and it was not agreed to.
The Senate amendment was non-concurred in.
Sixty-seventh amendment:
R(-e. 11. And ho i/ further rnactcd, That the Pecictaiy
of War be, and be i- heieby, authorized and dnected to
pay to Juan H.ipn-tc F.uib.mlt, and 1'elagie t'aubault, his
wife, the stun of .•kIO.O'H), wuh imciesr tlieicupon tiom the
12th of Match, Jrtw, in full payment of their claim to the
island at the conlluence of the Ylts-a-^ippi and St. Tieire
liven-, in fulfillment of a contract entered into tor that pin-
pose on the f-aid 12th day of March, 18JW, between tin:
Secretary of War and the attorneys in fact of the said Fari-
bault and wite.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio. The Committee
of Ways and Means recommend a non-concur-
rence.
The amendment was non-concurred in.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio. I move that the
committee ri:;c and report the bill to the House.
The motion was agreed to.
So tiie committee rose, and the SPEAKER pro
tempore [Mr. Phri.ps] having resumed the chair,
Mr. BOCOCiv reported that the Committee of
the Whole on the slate ofthe Union had,accord-
ing to order, had the state of the Union generally
under consideration, and particularly a bill (H.
It. No. 71) making appropriations for the current
and contingent expenses of the Indian depart-
: ment, and for fulfilling treaty stipulations with
various Indian tribes, for the year ending June
30, 1857, with the Senate amendments thereto,
; and had directed lum to report the same to the
House, with a recommendation that the House
concur in certain Senate amendments, that they
concur in otheis with amendments, and that they
non-concur in others.
Mr CAMPBELL, of Ohio. I move the pre- !!
vious question.
The previous question was seconded, and the
mam question oideied to he put.
Mr. DENVER. 1 ask for a separate vote on
the fifty-ninth and sixtieth Senate amendments.
No objection being made, the question was
taken in gross, upon agreeing- to the repoit of the j
Committee of the Whole on the state of the I
Union, in reference to the Senate amendments, i
upon which a separate vote had not been de- ;
manded; and the report of the committee was
concmred in.
The question then recurred upon the following
Senate amendment, (No. 59,) viz:
Ski1. 3. And he it fmther enacted, That in settling the
account* oj Thom.i* J- Henley, supeuntendent of Indian i
affairs in California, the accounting: oiftcersot theTreasury j
be, and they are hereby, authonxed to allow him the i
amounts he actually paid to interpreter during the years of i
1854 and IS00; and the amount of .$700 paid by him to j
Saunders and P renham, for interest on money advanced by i,
them on account of the Indian service in California, upon >;
his producing satisfactory vouchers for these expenditures: j |
in which the Committee of the "Whole recom-
mended a non-concurrence.
Mr. DENVER. I hope the House will concurin
the Senate amendment. It is utterly impossible
to carry on the operations of the Indian depig-
ment in California, without some such provision
as this.
The SPEAKER. The Chair would remind
the gentleman from California that debate is not
order, the House having ordered the previous
question.
The question was taken; and the amendment
was non-concurred in.
The sixtieth amendment, in which the Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union
recommended non-concurrence, was reported as
follows:
Sec. 4. And he it further enacted, That the act of the
27th of February, 1851, fixing the late of compensation tor
interpreters, as far as it relates to California, be, and the
same is hereby, repealed.
The question was taken; and the amendment
was non-concurred in.
Mr. CAMPBELL moved to reconsider the
vote by which the House acted on the recommend-
ations of the Committee of the Whole on the state
of the Union, and also moved that the motion to
reconsider be laid on the table; which latter mo-
tion was agreed to.
CIVIL APPROPRIATION BILL AGAIN.
The SPEAKER pro tempore announced the
business next in order to be on the amendments
recommcded by the Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union to House bill (No. 201)
making appropriations for certain civil expenses
i of the Government, for the year ending 30th of
: June, 1857; and on that the House had ordered the
| main question to be now put.
j Mr. CAMPBELL. 1 will ask to have the
' amendments reported, and if there be objection
to any of them, separate votes can be demanded.
The amendments were reported, and separate
votes were demanded on numbers 9, 10, 23, 31,
3d, 33, and 34.
The question was put on the amendments on
which no separate vote was asked, and they were
seveiaily concurred in.
The question now being on the following
amendment, (No. 9,) on which a separate vote
had been demanded:
Provided, That it shall not be lawful, arter the l" th day
of Novembei, lfcOt), for any otlicer in comnn-sion in the
military mm vice of the United States to have charge of, or
to be employed as assistant superintendent or au-lutect in,
the construction of the butldmgforwhich this appropriation
is made, nor for any other custom-house, or marine hos-
pital, mint, post otlice, court-hou&e, Capitol extension, or
any other public building, except such as pertain to the
military defense of the United States : And provided further f
That from and alter the said 10th day of November, 1806,
the general supeivisiou of the construction of the Capitol
and Po^t Otlice extension shall be transferred from the
Secretary of War to the Secretary of the Interior.
Mr. MILLER, of Indiana, called for the yeas
and nays.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
Air. FLORENCJ& called for tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. BococKand
Kei.sey were appointed.
The question was taken; and the tellers reported
| —ayes 93, noes 30.
! So the amendment was concurred in.
j The tenth amendment was read and agreed to,
! as follows:
! To enable the feci etary of the Interior to piocure a lease
' fiom the boaid of supeivixors of Ontario county, New
; York, for a court-ioom and post office at Canandaigua, New
i Yoik, and tofurn^h the same, $12,000.
The twenty-third amendment was read, as fol-
lows:
After line two hundred and fifty-«?even insert, foi furnish-
ing and ornamenting the Capitol with such works of ait as
; may be ordeied and approved by the Joint Committee on the
Library, to be placed m eithci wing of the extension when
; ready for then inception, $20,000.
| Mr. ORR called for tellers on the amendment,
j Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Elagx-er.
: and Stranahan were appointed.
The question was taken; and the tellers reported.
—ayes 91, noes 31.
So the amendment was agreed to.
The thirty-first amendment was read, as fol-
lows:
For rebuilding Franklin engine-house, including the pur-
chase of a suitable lot, &c.; $5,000,
