m
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[April 14,
34th Cong....1st Sess.
Kansas Legislative Petition—Mr. Douglas.
Senate.
in the name of this new " Republican party. I
■wish to call things by their right names—the name
should be significant of the nature ana object of
the organization. For these reasons the whole
country seem, by common consent, to recognise
the propriety of calling this new party, the
«' Black Republican Party."
Mr. AVILSON. 1 hope the-Senator will allow
mo to interrupt him ?
Mr. DOUGLAS. Certainly.
Air. WILSON- The Senator says our princi-
ples are sectional, and that none of us dare advo-
cate them in portions of the Union—in the slave
Sdftes. I will say to the Senator that last Friday
evening I addressed a large meeting in the citv
hall, in Wilmington, Delaware, with the city hall
racked and crowded, and the doctrines of the
Republican party were laid down fairly and
squarely, ana generally assented to. We claim
that our principles are national, and we shall ad-
vocate them in every section of this Union.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I trust we shall find in the
South that they will avow them as explicitly and
boldly as they do in the North. There is no
question but that I have stated their platform truly,
as laid down when they organized their party.
The Senator says now there shall be no dodging
of the issue; that the question shall be met boldly
and fairly. I trust it will thus be met. 1 am in
favor of coming directly to the issue. The Ne-
braska bill contains, in substance, a negative on
each and all of their propositions. It affirms the
equality of the States. It declares the right of
each State to come into the Union, with or with-
out slavery, as it pleases, in opposition to their
doctrineof "no more slave States." It declares
the principle of non-intervention. It incorpo-
rates the principle of the fugitive slave law in the
act. It declares, in substance, the negativeof each
of their issues. Where their issues are not em-
braced in the Nebraska bill, we accept the nega-
tive of them. We want to see them come to the
very points in dispute; and when you tell us that
there shall be no wavering on your part, give us
some proof of it by your acts. By the fusion
or coalition of Abolitionism, Free-Soilism, and
Know Nothingism, under the name of anti-Ne-
braskaism in the northern States, you have
formed this Black Republican party. No man
knows better the nature and tne extent of the
fusion and coalition between northern Know
Nothingism, and Free-Soil and Abolitionism, than
the Senator from Massachusetts. He has enjoyed
all its advantages and honors, and incurred all its
responsibilities. It was that amalgamation which
brought him into this Chamber, and carried an
anti-Nebraska majority into the House of Rep-
resentatives.
It has been a matter of boast to-day, that you
have increased the other side of the Chamber,
and thinned this a little. In every case it was
the result of a coalition between Abolitionism and
northern Know Nothingism that supplied the
recruits of which you now boast. In the House
of Representatives, where you got a majority on
pledges to repeal the fugitive slave law, nave you
a man there who has aared to bring forward a
bill to redeem the pledge ? You promised to re-
store the Missouri compromise; have you a man
there with courage to bring forward a bill to re-
deem the pledge ? You promised that you would
prohibit slavery in the District of Columbia;
where is your bill to redeem the pledge? You
promised to abolish the slave trade between the
States; where is tne bill to redeem that pledge ?
I told you the other day that ruinor said you
had determined that it was not safe, in view of the
presidential election, to hazard these issues by
redeeming your pledges and carrying out your
principles. I have received no answer on that
point. It suits your policy better to talk about
dodging issues than it does to pass yoar bills to
redeem your pledges. You have the affirmative.
Bring forward your measures. We accept your
■issues. You have got your organization. You
have got your Speaker, who is both a Free-Soiler
and a Know Nothing, and thus represents your
party exactly. If he is not now a Know Nothing,
ae certainly was one when he was elected. Per-
haps you change names so often that I may not
be correct in the name; but it is well known that
he made the first Know Nothing speech ever made
|j in the House of Representatives. You have got
M committees of your own appointing. Why not
! bring forward your measures ? _ |
Mr. WADE. If the gentleman will allow me, i
.. I will say that I believe there is a bill now pend-
ing in the other House to apply the Jefferson pro-
viso to territory south of 36° 30'. In due season
you ill see one after another of our measures
as fast as you will want to take them.
Mr. DOUGLAS. Is that what you call re- [
deeming your pledges ? Your pledge was to re- !
store the Missouri compromise line, which did
not prohibit slavery south of 360 30'; butthe^way
you redeem your pledge is by bringing forward
a bill to do precisely what you said you would ,
not do, and omit to do precisely what you said
you would do. Is that the way to redeem your
pledges ? A prohibition of slavery south of the
line is a violation of your compromise. You
bring that proposition in lieu of the redemption
of your pledge until after the election. I ask you
to bring forward your bills to redeem your
pledges. If the Missouri compromise was a sa- i
cred oompact, as you have asserted—if its repeal
was a violation of a compact, and if faith and I
honor require that it should be restored, bring
forward your bill to restore it.
Mr. President, I do not intend to prolong this
debate. I wish to bring these gentlemen to the
test. Whea they taunt u.s with Deing cut down,
one by one, gradually but certainly diminishing
until we shall have been swept away, all we ask
of you is to bring your men up to the line; stand
up to your principles; redeem your pledges. You
need not trouble yourselves about finding a man
the standard-bearer on our side, who is not thor-
, oughly committed to our creed on all points,
j You need not fear that our candidate will not
; stand firmly and immovably upon the Nebraska
bill. You need not have any fear that he will not
take issue with you on every one of the points
which you tender—"no more slave States, "the
repeal of the fugitive slave law," " the abolition
of the slave trade between the States," and " the
abolition of slavery in the District of Columbia."
Upon each and all of them you need have no
, fear that our candidate will not stand firmly, im-
: movably and unequivocally, upon the Democratic
1 platform.
* Give us a man for yonr standard-bearer who is
in like manner identified with your side of each
. of these issues. Do not take a man uncommitted,
with the hope of getting votes from both sides,
and then cheating somebody. Why point to the
deserters from the Democratic ranks who have
become your leaders, as evidence that you are
Democrats? You might as well talk of the Chris-
tianity of Omer Pasha because he was a Christian
before he apostatized and turned Turk. By this
pretension you confess that you are in the wrong.
You claim as a merit that the deserters from our
ranks to yours were once as pure and patriotic as
we now are. I wish to understand the precise
position. Does the merit consist in the fact that
you were once Democrats ? Or does it consist in
, the fact that you have since betrayed your party
] and your principles ? Is it the Democracy which
you once had, but have since lost, or is it the
desertion, which constitutes your high claims to
popular favor? It seems, even now, that you are
more proud of what you once were than what
you now are.
1 .That is the argument. I was in hopes that
i you had faith enough in the justice of your own
j cause and consciousness of its strength and inhe-
' rent truth, to be able to stand upon that, and to
make it a matter of pride and boast, as the Sen-
, ator from New York did the other day, when he
, said he was an Abolitionist. The Senator, how-
; ever, gave us an illustration which, perhaps,may
! be satisfactory to him, but I am afraid will not be
entirely so to all the members of his party. He
reminded us that, while it took Christianity three !
centuries to be recognized by the princes of Eu-
rope, and while he argued that abolitionism wu
as certain to triumph as Christianity, yet this was
but the first century of abolitionism. Allow me
to tell the Senator from New York, that he dis-
appointed the expectations of some of his follow-
ers, when he intimated to them that they must
wait two hundred year^ longer before they tri-
umphed and got possession of the spoils of Gov-
11 ernment. [Laughter.] If the Senator is aiming
I j at the reputation of being a martyr to his cause, I
I; think he is adopting the proper course; and when
! I am sure it is only at the honors of martyrdom
that he is aiming, I shall be better reconciled to
his position. Although I have no ambition to
be considered a martyr, I have respect for those
who cherish such a hope; and I wish all these
modern martyrs to remember that it is a fiinda-
, mental principle of martyrdom, that no man shall
!! seek his reward until two hundred years after his
death! [Laughter.]
j In that sense the Senator from New York did
not object to be called an Abolitionist. He was
looking to the honors of martyrdom, and fancy-
ing to himself how much he should enjoy them
at the time when they should be thrown upon
him; but the Senator from Massachusetts seems
to claim that they are to reap their reward now.
I like that mode of fighting better. Let us have
a fair issue now—an issue on principles and on
men. Let there be no endeavor to cover up the
j main issues under the irregularities which may
, have occurred at the election in Kansas. Let
i j there be no equivocation upon the plea of dis-
| turbances of a temporary character that may have
arisen here and there; but give us an issue on the
! great undying principles involved in the contest
' —the equality of the States—the right of self-
' government everywhere under the Constitution—
I the right of each State to come into the Union,
! with slavery or without it, as it pleases—the
right of the citizens of each State holding slaves
to insist upon the return of fugitives, in obedi-
ence to the Constitution—the right of every man
to enjoy every privilege, and insist upon the ful-
fillment of every obligation conferred or imposed
by the Constitution.
Again, let us have no equivocation in meeting
the issue, whether a clause in the constitution
of a new State, directing the Legislature to pass
a particular law, is to be called a constitutional
provision, or by some other name. The Senator
from Massachusetts tells us (following the lead of
the Senator from New York the other day) that
he is opposed to that clause which declares that
a free negro shall never go into the new State of
Kansas. He does not deny but that there was a
provision submitted for decision at the time when
the constitution was adopted, whether negroes
Bhould be admitted to go there or not, and it was
decided in the negative oy those who voted at that
election. He does not deny, therefore, but that
that clause becomes a part of the constitution of
Kansas in the event that Kansas is admitted with
the Topeka constitution. But, he says, that
clause is a barbarous provision, and he would like
to know my opinion of it. I gave my opinion
the other day. I stated that Illinois had a similar
clause in her constitution; she had a right to put
it there; it was our business, and not yours; and
if Massachusetts does not like it let her do as she
pleases within her own limits, so that she does
not violate the Constitution-of the United States.
We do not believe in the equality of the negro,
socially or politically, with the white man. You
may practice it, but do not try to force the negro
on an equality with us in our State. Our people
are a white people; our State is a white State; and
we mean to preserve the race pure, without any
mixture with the negro. • If you wish your blood
and that of the African mingled in the same
channel, we trust that you will keep at a respect-
ful distance from us, and not try to force that on
us as one of your domestic institutions. [Laugh-
ter, and applause in the galleries.]
Now, sir, I am willing that the people of Kan-
sas shall decide that question for themselves, as
they will have a right to do when they form their
constitution. 1 hold that it is their right to do as
they please, so that they do not violate the Con-
stitution of the United States, and to come into
the Union with such a constitution as they please.
You say no. You say it is your right and duty,
under the Constitution of the United States, to
inspect the constitution of Kansas; and if you
find slavery there, or any other obnoxious pro-
vision which creates an inequality between the
negro and the white man, you will vote to exclude
such State.
When you look into the constitution of Kan-
sas, you find a provision standing as a perpetual
