1856.]
ARPEtfDIX fO Tm CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
393
34th Gong.... 1st Sess.
Kansas Legislative Petition—Mr. Wilson, etc.
Senate.
•traction to the Legislature, in aUtime to come,
commanding that Legislature never to allow the
negro to tread the soil, or breathe the air of Kan-
sas. By your doctrine, you ai<e -responsible for
it. Abandon your abolition notions that you are
to fix the local and domestic institutions of a new
State, instead of leaving it to the people to do so,
and you will liava no difficulty. Hence I say,
give us a fair issue in this campaign that shall
settle the question forever between the true prin-
ciples of the Constitution—the equality of the
States, the right of each State to manage its own
affairs—non-interference with slavery on the one
aide, and slavery agitation and foreign inter-
ference on the other. We are not aiming at a
triumph on immaterial side issues. What we
want is, to bury abolitionism, with all its allies,
in a common grave at this election, and thereby
restore peace and quiet and good order to a con-
stitution-loving people. That is the kind of issue
■which we desire you to give us—an open one on
principle, with men identified with the platforms.
The Senator from Massachusetts has referred
to that stale Abolition libel that Senator Atchison
said he had given me twenty-four hours to say
whether I would bring in the Nebraska bill, or
resign to him the chairmanship of the Committee
on Territories. That is a vile Abolition libel.
General Atchison has on more than one occasion
denounced it as a libel. I thus brand it here as
beingwithout a shadow of truth. You know,
Mr. President, [referring to Mr. Bright, in the
chair,] that that bill was prepared before any
southern man was consulted; and that you, to- i
gether with another northwestern Senator, were
5ie first who were consulted on the subject.
Then, after you had indorsed it, as I take pleas-
ure in saying you did, promptly and fearlessly, •
we consulted our southern friends. I trust, there- !
fore, that I have put an end to that foul slander,
invented for partisan and malicious purposes, and
which has been repeated so often, and so wide-
spread over the whole country.
The Senator from Georgia [Mr. Toombs] has
been represented as being the author of the bill,
and the man who dragooned me into bringing
forward, that bill. The New York Evening Post,
which the Senator from Massachusetts [Mr.
Wilson] quotes with so much admiration, has
said a hundred times that, "Mr, Toombs, of
Georgia,, was the man that stood over Mr. Doog-
ias, and forced him tobringit in," when the Sen-
ator from Georgia knows that, up to that time,
lie had never planted his foot in the Senate, and
did not arrive in the city until after the .bill was
prepared and introduced.
Mr, TOOMBS. That is true. ...
Mr. DOUGLAS. He was not here, and never
set eyes on me nor I on him, nor exchanged a word
with me, directly or indirectly, until the thing was
done, and he came here to engage in fighting the
great battle. So it is with these other things. I
have failed to notice them before, for the reason
that I had such a contempt for this system of
making side issues. ■ Heretofore I have not no-
ticed such charges; but when they are thrust in
my face in the Senate, I feel it to be my duty to
repel them, on the supposition that they have
acquired dignity enough by being repeated here
to justify me in noticing them. 1 am not in the
habit of noticing the many misrepresentations
and assaults which are made on me. I am wil-
ling to trust my character and reputation on the
result of the great principles involved, and upon
the judgment that shall be pronounced on them
when passion shall have passed away, and the
sober reason of the country shall have returned.
Mr. WILSON. Mr. President, a.few words
in reply to the Senator from Illinois. He closes
his remarks by assuring the Senate that General
Atchison never made the declaration attributed
to him. That Atchison did make a speech at the
town of Atchison, Kansas, in which he claimed
in substance to be the author of the proposition
for the repeal of the Missouri compromise, I do
not entertain a doubt. 1 have conversed with
gentlemen whosaveracity I cannot question, who
heard his speech on that occasion, and these
gentlemen assure me that the published accounts
of his speech are substantially correct. The
Parkville Luminary, published at that time in |
Missouri, stated that Atchison mounted " an pld
wagon," and made a speech, in which he com-
menced by alluding " to the beautiful country
which was now beginning to be settled—to some
of the circumstances under which a territorial
government was organized; and in the course of
hia remarks mentioned how Douglas came to in-
troduce the Nebraska bill with the repeal clause
in it. Senator Atchison said that, for himself, he
is entirely devoted to the interests of the South,
and that he would sacrifice everything but his
hope of heaven to advance her welfare. He
thought the Missouri compromise ought to be
repealed: he had pledged himself in his public
addresses to vote for no territorial organization
that would not virtually annul it; and with this
feeling in his heart, he desired to be chairman of
the Senate Committee on Territories when a bill
was to be introduced.
" With this object in view, he had a private
interview with Mr. Douglas, and informed him
of what he desired—the introduction of a bill for
Nebraska like what he had promised to vote for;
and that he .would like to be chairman of the
Committee on Territories, in order to introduce
such a measure; and, if he could get that posi-
tion, he would immediately resign as President
of the Senate. Judge Douglas requested twenty-
four hours to consider the matter, and said if, at
the expiration of, that time, he could not intro-
duce such a bill as he (Mr. Atchison) proposed,
which would at, the same time accord with his
.own sense of right and justice to the South, he
would resign as chairman of the Territorial com-
mittee in Democratic caucus, and exert his influ-
ence to get him (Atchison) appointed. At the
expiation of the given time, Senator Douglas
signified his intention to report Buch a bill as had
been spoken of.
" General Atchison next spoke of those who j
had supported and those who had opposed the
bill in the Senate, and remarked that northern j
Democrats came up nobly to the work, but that 1
northern Whigs had proved recreant to the cause
of justice and right. Southern men, he said,
acted as they should have done, with, he was
sorry to say, two exceptions. [A voice in the
crowd here called out, 'Bell and Houston!'] Yes,
he said, these wera the men—one Whig and one
Democrat, both aspirants for the Presidency—
but, poor miserable devils, they had made a false j
step;-and, he might say now, he (Atchison) had j
a fairer chance for that high honor than either of I
them." j
The precise and exact words used in regard to !
the :Senator from Illinois may not be as repre-
sented; but that Atchison claimed that honor, and
claims it still, is well known by hundreds and
thousands of men in the country.
Mr. RUSK, Will the Senator allow me to
correct him in one declaration ?
Mr. WILSON. Yes, sir, most cheerfully.
Mr. RUSK. The Senator has made a declara-
tion in regard to my colleague which, in his ab-
sence, I desire to correct. He says that General
Atchison made a speech, in which he denounced
my colleague. That is a mistake. There was a
false or erroneous report in a newspaper purport-
ing to be what General Atchison had said, that
did reflect on my colleague, and the Senator from
Tennessee. General Atchison, as soon as he saw
the erroneous report of his speech, wrote a letter
promptly correcting it, and stated what he did
say, in which there was no denunciation of the
Senator from Tennessee, [Mr. Bell,] or of. my
colleague. I have known General Atchison for
a long time, and I am sure he would not state
what was not true. He told me that he made no
such charges against them; he had previously sent
me a ptmer containing the correction of the errors
in the false report of his speech, made by some
one no doubt for the purpose of raising mischief.
The Senator from Massachusetts has fallen into
another error, which I may as well correct now.
He says that, at the session of 1853, General At-
chison came into this body, and directed that the
first Nebraska bill should be defeated. He rep-
resents all of us here as having obeyed this great
chieftain. His statement is incorrect. On the
contrary, General Atchison supported and sus-
tained that bill. I had almost a personal quarrel
with him and the Senator from Illinois in regard
to it.-. I opposed that bill for various reasons,
which will De found spread on the records at the
time. I asked that the bill should not be taken
up when I was absent. It came here at the last
hours of the session of 1853, while I was out on
a committee of conference. I asked the Senator
from Illinois and General Atchison not to allow
the bill to be taken up in my absence. I came
back from a committee of conference, and found
the bill under discussion.
Mr. DOUGLAS. The discussion was on a
motion to take it up. The bill was not taken up
in the Senate.
Mr. RUSK. I believe the Senator is correct.
1 felt indignant; and I charged both the Senator
from Illinois and General Atchison with acting
in bad faith towards me; strong words passed
between us; but I found I was in error; both had
acted fairly towards me in the matter. To show
General Atchison's position, I will appeal to the
record. I will read it to the Senator from Mas-
sachusetts, so that he may correct his recollection
on the subject. At page 321, of the Senate Jour-
nal for the second session of the Thirty-Second
Congress, this will be found:
" On motion by Mr. Douglas that the Senate proceed to
consider the bill (H. R. No. 353) to organize the Territory
of Nebraska,
" A motion was made by Mr. Borland that it lie on the
tabic; and it was determined in the affirmative—yeas 23,
nays 17.
" On motion by Mr. Weller, the yeas and nays being
desired by one fifth of the Senate present, those who voted
in the affirmative are :
" Messrs. Adams, Bayard, Bell, Borland, * * * Hous-
ton, -* * * Rusk, * * *
" Those who voted in the negative are :
" Messrs. Atcliisoo, Bright, Cooper, Dodge of Wiscon-
sin, Dodge of Iowa, Douglas," &c.
I merely wished to correct the Senator from
! Massachusetts.
Mr. WILSON. The Senator from Texas will
remember that General Atchison, on the occasion
referred to, denounced the Missouri prohibition,
although his vote was given against laying the
; bill for the organization of the Nebraska Terri-
j tory on the table.
J Mr. President, the Senator from Illinois tells
us, with an air of proud assurance, that the State
[ he represents does not believe the negro the equal
of the white man; that she is opposed to placing
that degraded race upon terms of equality; that
j she had a right to enact her black laws, and that
| if we of Massachusetts do not like those acts she
i does not care. Illinois, he tells us, does not wish
. the blood of the white race to mingle with the
: blood of the inferior race—Massachusetts can do
' otherwise, if she chooses. Let me tell the honor-
able Senator from Illinois, that these taunts so
often flung out about the equality of races, about
amalgamation,and the mingling of blood, are the
] emanations of low and vulgar minds. These
taunts usually come from men with the odor of
j amalgamation upon them. [Laughter.] Sir, I
am proud to live in a commonwealth where every
man, black or white, of every clime and race, is
recognized as a man, standing upon the terms of
perfect and absolute equality before the laws.
Yes, sir, I live in a commonwealth that recog-
nizes the sublime creed embodied in the Declar-
ation of Independence—a commonwealth that
throws over \jie poor, the weak, the lowly, upon
whom misfortune has laid its iron hand, the pro-
tection of just and equal laws. Sir, the people
of Massachusetts may not believe that the African
race—
" Outcast to insolence and scorn"
is the equal of this Anglo-Saxon race of ours in
intellectual power; but they know no reason why
a man, made in the image of God, should be de-
graded by unjust laws, because his Creator has
given him a weak body, or a feeble mind. Sir,
the philanthropist, the Christian, the Democratic
statesman, will see in the fact that a man is weak,
ignorant, and poor, the reason why the State
should throw over him the panoply of just and
equal laws.
Sir, the Senator from Illinois misapprehends
my comments upon his use of the word abolition.
I beg him to understand that I do not shrink
from that word when applied to me as a term of
reproach. John Q,uincy Adams once said that
" an American citizen had a right to be an Abo-
litionist, and in being one he violated no law,
