1856.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2003
Mr. FLAGLER. This is the amendment, I
believe, which proposes to build an engine-house,
which wo had before us some time ago. I think
wo had better vote it down.
Mr. FLORENCE demanded tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Ball and
Millward were appointed.
Tlie question was put; and the tellers reported
—ayes 74, noes 47.
So the amendment was agreed to.
The thirty-second amendment, on which a sep-
arate vote had been asked, was reported, as fol-
lows:
For the collection of agricultural statistics, investi-
gations for promoting agriculture and rural economy, and
the procurement and distribution of cuttings arid seeds,
$75,000, to be expended under the direction of the Com-
missioner of Patents: Provided, That the Commissioner
shall report to Congress the various kinds and amounts of
seeds purchased, and to be purchased, under this appropri-
ation, and fiom whom, and where obtained, and the cost of
the same.
Mr. HICKMAN. I demand the yeas and
nays on that amendment.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
The question was taken; and the amendment
was concurred in.
The thirty-third amendment, on which a sep-
arate vote had been asked, was reported, as fol-
lows:
To complete the bridge across the Potomac at the Little
Falls, agreeably to the plan already adopted, §5,000.
To meet the necessary expenses attendant on the execu-
tion of the neutrality act of the 20th of April, 1838, $10,000,
to be expended under the direction of the President, pur-
suant to the third section of the act of Congress of the 1st of
May, 1810, entitled "An act fixing the compensation of
public ministers and consuls residing on the coast of Bar-
bary, and for other purposes."
To enable the Pie&ulentof the United States to carry
into effect the act of Congress of 3d March, 1819, and any
subsequent acts now m force for the suppression of the slave
trade, §8,000.
To enable the Secretary of State to purchase one hun-
dred copies each of Audubon's " Birds of America," and
" Quadrupeds of America," lor presentation to foreign Gov-
ernments m return lor valuable woiks sent by them to the
Government of the United States, $1.6,000.
For tilling up the dock between Central and Long wharves,
Boston, widening the streets on tin1 eaj-t tront of the cus-
tom bouse, and extension and maintenance of the drains,
§15,000.
For arrearages on account of legislative expenses of the
Territory of Minnesota, being for printing, binding, and
miscellaneous items, for the sessions of 3851, '52, '53, '54,
>55, and '56, $22,122 04.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I would inquire if
that is one entire amendment ?
The SPEAKER. It is.
Mr. SMITH. If I understand it, the amend-
ment embraces an appropriation of $75,000 for
the Little Falls bridge.
The SPEAKER. It includes only $5,000 for
that purpose.
Mr. SMITH. The original proposition was
$75,000.
The SPEAKER. That was so; but the Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union
struck out the word " seventy," leaving the ap-
propriation $5,000.
Mr. SMITH. How can I get a separate vote
upon that part of the amendment?
The SPEAKER. There can be no separate
vote, as the Committee of the Whole reported
the amendment to the House as a whole.
The question was taken; and the amendment
was agreed to.
The thirty-fourth amendment, on which a sep-
arate vote had been asked, was reported, as fol-
lows:
Pfp. 4. And be it further enacted, That the accounting
officer of the Treasury be directed to settle, and pay the
public printer the ineieased compensation allowed by the
lomt lcsolution, No. 18, appioved :20th July, 1854, upon the
printing ordered' puor to the repeal of said resolution, as
applicable to said printer, by the act of 15th May, 1850, en-
titled " An act to supply deficiencies m the appiepilations
for the service of the fiscal yeai ending the 30th of June,
1856."
Skc.5, And he it further enacted, That there shall be
paid for the subsistence of the commissioner under the
treaty with Great Britain of 5th June, 1854, out of any un-
e\p.'ruled balance of appiopriations already made for the
seivire underpaid ticat\, the sum of four dollar© per diem,
from the date of Ins appointment.
Mr. STANTON. I ask for a division of the
question, so that the vote may be first taken upon
section four.
The SPEAKER. It cannot be divided, as it
was adopted as one amendment by the Committee
of the Whole on the state of the Union, and so
reported to the House.
Mr. STANTON. I demand the yeas and nays,
and ask for telleis upon the yeas and nays.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Gilbert and
Keitt were appointed.
The House was divided; and the tellers reported
—ayes thirty, noes not counted.
So the yeas and nays were ordered, (one fifth
of the members present voting in favor thereof.)
The question was then taken; and it was de-
cided in the negative—yeas 37, nays 130; as fol-
lows:
YEAS —Messrs. Bell, Henry Bennett, Billinghurst,
Bishop, Bowie, Bufiinton, James H. Campbell, Carulhers,
Chaffee, Covode, Cragin, Damrell, Dick, Dodd, £die,
Edwards, Eustis, Florence, Gianger, Thomas L. Harris,
Howard, King, Mace, Ivillian Miller, Millward, Morgan,
Peck, Pennington, Phelps, Sage, Samuel A. Smith, Thurs-
ton, Tyson, Vail, Walbridge, VViliiams, and Woodruff—37.
NAYS—Messrs. Aiken, Albright, Bail, Barbour, Barks-
dale, Hendley S. Bennett, Benson, Bliss, Bocoek, Boyce,
Branch, Brenton, Burnett, Cadwalader, John P. Campbell,
Lewis I). Campbell, Caskie, Ezra Clark, Clawson, Chng-
man, Williamson R. VV. Cobb, Colfax, Comins, Ciawford,
Cullen, Cumbaek,Timothy Davis, Dean, Denver, Dirkaon,
Dowdell, Dunn, Durfee, Elliott, Emrie, Kthendge, Evans,
Flagler, Foster, Galloway, Gilbeit, Goode, Greenwood,
Harlan, Harrison, Haven, Hickman, Holloway, Thomas R.
Horton, Valentine B. Horton, Houston, Huglwton, George
W. Jones, Keitt, Kelly, Kelsey, lvennett, Knapp, Knight,
Knox, Kunkel,Leiter, Letcher, Lumpkin, Samuel S. Mar-
shall, Mattcson,Maxwell, McQueen,Smith Millei,MilKon,
Moore, Morrill, Mott, Nichols, Norton, Andiew Oliver,
Mordecai Oliver, Orr, Parker, Pearce, Pelton, Perrv, Pettit,
Pike, Powell, Prmsle, Purvianee, Puryear, Quitman, Rich-
ardson, Ritchie, Rivers, Robbins, Roberts, Ruffin, Rust,
Sabm, Sandidge, Sapp, Savage, Seward, Sherman, Sim-
mons, William Smith, William R. Smith, Sneed, Spinner,
Stanton, Stewart, Stranahau, Talbott, Tappan, Taylor,
Thormston,Todd, Trafton, Underwood. Valk, Wade, VVal-
dion, Warner, Cadwalader C. Washburne, Elhhu B. Wash-
bin ne, Watson, Whitney, Winslow, Woodworth, Daniel
B. Wnght, John V. Wright, and Zolheotler—130.
So the amendment was not agreed to.
Pending the call of the roll,
Mr. ENGLISH stated that ho was not within
the bar when his name was called, but had he
been he should have voted m the negative.
MESSAGE FROM THE SENATE.
A message was received from the Senate, by
Asbury Dickins, their Secretary, informing the
House that the Senate had passed a bill of the
House entitled " An act to construe the act en-
titled i An act for the lelief of James M. Goggm,'
approved 27th of July, 1854."
Also, that the Senate had passed an act (S. No.
358) for the relief of J. R. Powell;
In which he was directed to ask the concur-
rence of the House.
CIVIL APPROPRIATION BILL RESUMED.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio. I move to recon-
sider the vote by which the thirty-fourth amend-
ment was disagreed to, and I will explain the
reasons why I do so. By the vote just taken,
both sections four and five are lost. I am satis-
fied that the House does not intend to make an
appropriation for the printer; buti regard it as
important that the last section should be saved.
I therefore ask the consent of the House to re-
consider, so that a separate vote may be taken
on the last section; and while we let the fourth
section go overboard, we may adopt the other.
Section fifth was then read.
Mr. CAMPBELL. • It will be seen that it makes
no appropriation. The Committee of Ways and
Means, perhaps improperly, in the hurry of busi-
ness, moved, as one amendment, those two sec-
tions, instead of oliering them separately; hence,
the House has been compelled to vote against
both sections. I therefore ask that, by unani-
mous consent, a separate vote may be taken.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I would inquire of
the gentleman from Ohio what is the compensa-
tion of that commissioner?
Mr. CAMPBELL. It is fixed by the law.
Mr. JONES. Did the law originally provide
that he should be paid?
Mr. CAMPBELL. I believe so.
Mr. JONES. I think the fifth section fully as
objectionable as the fourth, and therefore I shall
object to a division, if the vote is reconsidered.
Mr. HICKMAN. I move to lay the motion
to reconsider upon the table.
The motion was not agreed to.
The question was then taken upon the motion
to reconsider; and it was decided in the affirma-
tive.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I ask that the amendment
may be divided.
Mr. JONES. I ask if that can be done under
the previous question ?
The SPEAKER. By consent it may be done.
Mr. IIICKMAN. I object.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I confess that it was my*
duty to hava reported these two sections as sep-
arate and distinct amendments, but in the hurry
of business they were offered as one. I hope I
shall be allowed to have them separated. I make
an acknowledgment of the error.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Penn-
sylvania [Mr. Hickman] makes objection.
Mr. CAMPBELL. Then I will let the thing
pass.
The question was taken; and the amendment
was non-concurred in.
The bill was then ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time.
Mr. CAMPBELL moved the previous question
on the passage of the bill.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered; and under its operation
the bill was passed.
Mr. CAMPBELL moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed, and also moved to
lay the motion to reconsider on the table; which
latter motion was agreed to.
PERSONAL EXPLANATION.
Mr. SHERMAN. There has been laid on our
table to-day, what purports to be a speech of a
member of this House, the gentleman from Ten-
nessee, [Mr. Savage] 
The SPEAKER, (interrupting.^ It is neces-
sary that the gentleman from Ohio should state
for what purpose he rises.
Mr. SHERMAN. On a question of personal
privilege.
Mr. PHELPS. I desire to interpose an ob-
jection, and the gentleman himself will see the
propriety of it. lie is about to comment on what
purports to be a speech of the gentleman from
Tennessee, [Mr. Savage,] who is not now in his
place.
Mr. SHERMAN. He was here a few mo-
ments ago.
The SPEAKER. Is objection made?
Mr. ORR. I object until Mr. Savage be
present.
Mr. PHELPS. I would not object if Mr.
Savage were present.
ANSEL WILKINSON.
Mr. HAVEN. I desire the unanimous con-
sent of the House to take from the Speaker's table
House bill No. 238, and consider the Senate's
amendment to it.
There being no objection, an act granting a
pension to Ansel Wilkinson was taken from the
Speaker's table.
Tiie question was on the amendment of the
Senate, as follows:
Strike out the words "twenty-live dollars.*' and insert in.
hen tin lt-of the woids "seventeen dollars and lil'ty cents,"
so as to make the pension seventeen dollars and fifty cents
per mouth.
The amendment was concurred in.
ABNER DICKSON.
Mr. HOUSTON. I desire to call up the motion
to rcconsider the vote by which a bill for the relief
of Abner Dickson was referred to a Committee
of the Whole House.
The vote was reconsidered; and the bill was
taken up for consideration.
The bill directs the name of Abner Dickson
to be placed on the roll of invalid pensioners.^ at
the rate of sixteen dollars per month, commencing
on the 1st of December, 1835, and to continue
during his natural life, instead of the pension
heretofore allowed him.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed, and read
a third time; and being engrossed, it was read
the third time, and passed.
Mr. HOUSTON moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed, and also moved to
lay the motion to reconsider on the table; which
latter motion was agreed to.
KKV. DANIEL WALDO.
On motion of Mr. GRANGER, by unanimous
consent, the Committee of the Whole House was
discharged from the further consideiation of the
bill of the House (No. 468) to provide anincrease
