2004
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
August 9,
of pension to Daniel Waldo, of Onondaga county,
New York; and the bill was taken up.
The bill was read. It provides an increase of
pension from twenty-six dollars and sixty-six
cents per annum, to eight dollars per month, and
to continue during his natural life.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I move to
amend the bill by increasing the pension to
twenty dollars per month.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I desire to ask
the gentlemanfrom New York how much service
this petitioner is proved to have rendered during
the Revolution?
Mr. GRANGER. The venerable and gentle-
manly man who so faithfully officiates as Chap-
lain of the House, and respectfully asks your kind
consideration of his services and sufferings for
his country, was born at Windham, Connecticut,
on the tenth day of September, 1762. He entered
the service as a private in the Connecticut line, in ;
April, 1779. Near the close of that year he was ;
taken prisoncrand confined in the old stone sugar- j
house, m the city of New York, where he re- ;
mained more than two months. His extreme j
sufferings in that horrid and loathsome prison,,
where four hundred American prisoners were I
crowded into a building scarce sixty feet square, j
amid filth and vermin, starvation, pestilence, and }
death, well nigh cost him his life, and made him i
an invalid for years. But with a firm consntu- '
tion, temperate habits, and a resolute and vigorous j
mind, he recovered, and worked his way through :
adverse fortune, and acquired a liberal education. j
He made divinity his profession, and entered the !
ministry of the Congregational church in early ■
life, and with a conscience void of oficiise toward
God and man has adorned his doctrine as a nun-
iater of the Gospel for nearly seventy years, ile ■
is yet spared by a kind Prowdence to stand hero
the honored recipient of your choice as Chaplain
of the House of Representatives —a connecting
link between the present and the past.
Without saying more, sir, 1 ]eave his request :i
in your hands, with full confidence that you will I
cause his setting sun to smile in grateful recollec- J
tion of his beloved country, and as he gave the "
morning of his life to her service, so s/ie, in return
(«s his evening shades draw nigh) will not cease to 1
remember and take care of him who, in the time |
of need, the hour of danger, was her early, do- ;
voted, and faithful friend.
Mr. JONES. The gentleman from New York 1
lias mnde a very pretty speech, but lie htis failed
entirely to answer the question I propounded to
him.
Mr. GRANGER.- I will explain further if the
gentleman desires. • ;
Mr. JONES. The gentleman did not state at 1
what time the petitioner went out of the service. 1
The general law provides a pension of full pay
for life to those who served on detached service,
or any other service, for as long as two years ,
during the revolutionary war. For six months' i
service, one quarter pay for life is provided, and
for less than that time they get no pay at all. !
This has been the uniform rule. I take it for
granted, that the present applicant has proved his
service, and has received the pension to which
he is entitled under the law.
Anothci point which 1 desire to understand is,
whether the bill simply increases lus pension
for the remainder of his life, or whether it gives
him back pay to the time of the passage of the
feneial law, which, 1 think, was on the 4th of
larch, 1831 ? I ask the Clerk to read the bill.
(The bill was read.) 1 shall make no opposition
to the bill; I merely desired to understand it.
Mr. HARRIS, of Illinois. I move to amend
the bill by adding the following:
And that all persons now receivm? pension-* from the
United Elates for similar seivice be iiicrt'a c<l ut <i enne-
Bpondmg ratio. ,
Mr. IvELSEY. I rise to a question of order.
This amendment makes a general bill out of a pri- (
vate one, increasing the pension of a single person,
and is not therefore in order.
The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks the amend-
ment is not in order.
Mr. WASHBURNE. I will withdraw my
amendment.
Mr. ORR. I demand the previous question. !
Ihe previous question was seconded; and the I
main question ordered to be put. '
The bill was then ordered to be engrossed, and
read a third time; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the thhd time, and passed.
Mr. GRANGER moved that the vote by which
the bill was passed be reconsidered, and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid on
the table; which latter motion was agreed to.
BUSINESS OF THE DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA.
Mr. TRAFTON. Last Tuesday, under the
order of the House, was devoted to the consider-
ation of business concerning the District of Co-
lumbia. A portion was necessarily to be acted
on first in the Committee of the Whole on the
state "of the Union: but it was tacitly understood
that, if we would not go into committee for that
purpose on that day, we should have this day
for that business.
The SPEAKER. Such an understanding can-
not bind the Chair.
PERSONAL EXPLANATION.
Mr. SHERMAN. I rise to make a personal
explanation.
Mr. ORR. I see the gentleman from Tennes-
see [Mr. Savage] present, and I withdraw my
objection to the gentleman's explanation.
Mr. SHERMAN. Mr. Speaker, there has
been laid on the tables of members of this House
what pi--ports to be a speech of the member from
Tennessee,JMr* Savage.] Before I say anything
m regard to it, I ask the Clerk to read the pas-
sages 1 have nuuked.
The Clerk read, as follows:
" [ du hope, in <i quiet way, to compaie the statements
made in the report of the majority of the committee-ent
j out b> oidei ot this Mouse. with well-established tacts, so
1 as to bej ond the possibility of a uoubt. that this whole
k.iii-.js diti'ieultj was m itb Ix-gmmm,' a tiaitoions u-vault
1 upo.i the 1 i\v and auiuoutvot ihe (U;it< d States, and the
' ir>ht-> ot the people oi Kansas, and now hi its pioiriess as-
sails jii-nee .uul uutb, and thai ifte lepoitoi the nidjoniy
I ol the eO'iHiiiltee ->o M'ht is a eompound ol the qro-^e^t p.vi-
' tiaiiL} , nii-aep esejitatioti, and pet \ )ti.1 *
j " l/Ut. wncliiel lhev ,110 "CiilLine lloeilillOllt the ICMllt
1 of an hoi'e-a Join- action, or bn-e I'o.^eiies,, thi* eonuuittee
h ive nor dared to -how !>} piooi it i-« a tub: ol law, mat
wiieie a man suppieis-e-oi de-tsoy-- feMunoin m la-, pos-
sesion, it -hall he adjiuiiyd n^ani-t inni , and it is a fan
conclusion hom siiiiouiidni^ eiieiinManee^, that thene
papois are fabncated to suit the occasion, and that a ma-
jouty of the committee, knowing this tact, have loaned
themselves to ^ive thorn t micnc}
u With this state of things before them, the majority of
the committee have been leckles- enough to biuijr m a
report, which, if not totally fah,e, answer.- the same pur
pose—by a Mippiessum of all the t'aots lnfiteiiai and m'eis-
saiy to a eoireet uiuleistandmg of the mutters m dispute ;
and 1 am content, to apply to their nefarious work that uni-
veisiil rule ol'ali codes ot law and morals, that willful -up-
pie->vj(ui is ejinnnai falsehood. " •" v *
'• \ ou see the iiiiblu'-liHii' impudence—the brazen false-
hood oi tins mtUmou- dot utnent! I take no ph-a-mc m
utteithese haisli woids; but if j cnflcnicn ioi<-,et the
hi^h obli:,Mlions they owe to truth and honot— if a man is
lahe to lie
waifjie, I
his act as it dc
the Committee of the Whole House on the Pri-
vate Calendar be discharged from the further con-
sideration of a bill (H. R. No. 373) for the relief
of John Connolly, late a private m company A,
sixth infantry, United States Army.
The bill gives a pension of ten dollars per month
to an old soldier who lost both of his legs in
battle.
The question was taken; and the motion waa
agreed to.
The bill was then ordered to be engrossed, and
read a third time; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time, and passed.
ANTOINE ROBEDEAU.
Mr. PHELPS. 1 move that the Committee
of the Whole House on the Private Calendar be
discharged from the further consideration of a
bill for the relief of Antoine Robedeau. He is
one of the mountain men, and has been the guide
for nearly all of our early explorers. He was
wounded at the battle of San Pasqual while em-
ployed as General Kearny's interpreter, but not
being mustered into the regular army, he did
not come within the purview of the general pen-
sion laws.
The bill directs the Secretary of the Interior to
inscribe on the invalid pension roll the name of
Antoine Robedeau, who was an interpreter to
General Kearny whilst in command of the army
of the West, and was wounded in the battle of
San Pasqual, at the rate of $16 66 per month, to
commence on the 1st day of December, 1855,
and to continue during his natural life.
! Antoine Robedeau was, on or about the 9th
of June, 1846, employed by Brigadier General
ji Kearny as Spanish interpreter, and continued
in actual service about ten months. He was dis-
■ chaiged honorably at Monterey, in California,
| in the month of April or May, 1847. While in
j. the actual discharge of his duty he received a
j| severe Innce wound at the battle of San Pasqual,
from which he has ever since been disabled.
[| The effect of this lance wound is now, and has
j; been, since the reception thereof, such as to ren-
!i der him entirely unable to make a support for
himself and family by manual labor.
|j The bill was then ordered to be engrossed, and
ji read athiid time; and being engrossed, it was
ij accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. FLORENCE moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed, and also moved
that the motion to reconsider do lie upon the table;
which latter motion was agreed to.
CHARLES STEARNS.
Mr. FAULKNER. I ask that the Committee
of the Whole House may be discharged from the
<•!! and in- lepuiaiion m the duty woik ot patty ! j further consideration of the bill (S. No. 326) for
ill not he leeieant to di'ty. hut shall denounce i| the xclief of Charles Stearns, and that it be put
i esenes, it he woio as tu 1 as Liu'iter." 1 ^
' [ upon its passage.
• No objection bcine* made, the Committee of the
| Whole House was discharged from the further
j consideration of said bill, and it was taken up for
| consideration.
I The bill directs the Secretary of the Treasury
to pay to Charles Stearns the sum of $5,000, to
indemnify him for losses sustained and expenses
incurred in defending his title to certain lands
claimed by the United States, and also m defend-
ing two criminal prosecutions brought against him
by direction of the Secretary of War.
The report, setting forth the facts upon which
the claim was based, was read.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and read
a third time; and being engrossed, it was read
the third time, and passed.
DANIEL DOLAN.
Mr. COMINS. I ask to have the Committee
of the Whole IIou.se discharged from the further
consideration of an act for the relief of Daniel
Dolan.
There being no objection, it was so ordered;
and the bill was taken up for consideration.
It directs the Secretary of the Interior to place
)f the name of Daniel Dolan, a private in the New
York volunteers in the Mexican war, on the roll
'! of invalid pensioners, at the rate of 75 per
.. month, from 1st January, 1855, during his nat-
j| uralhfe.
j) The bill was ordered to be engrossed and read
:! a third time, and being engrossed, it was ac-
cordingly read the third time and passed.
'♦With siieh (acts eoiituuhetin^ these statements, will
any man believe anything contained m this tepoi I, u hen it
is seen that the census true, and the icpoit had induce-
ments to he false' The lespon-ibihty of this lamjua^e is
not mm« ; let tho'-e who bromjht thi^ base pile of k Itauds
and perpiues ' into this I!ou-e an-wer to the country
It desci ves more than I have said of it. although it hris cost
the people iar^e -urns, and Confess much tunc, in it?
prepaiation.''
uvSuch 'facts' as it contains are not smpassed by the
stones ot (J-uUiver, Munchausen, oi the wildest tancie^ ot
fictitious history. T denounce them a-- unmitigated, partial,
find fraudulent perversions*, made toi electioneering pur-
poses, and utiu oithy the con&ideintion ot pist men."
Mi*. SHERMAN. That is sufficient. There
are other extracts which I have marked that re-
flect personally on the character of a majority of
this House. As they do not ahect me, except
as a member uf this body, J have not asktd that
they should be read.
I did not hear the gentleman from Tennessee
utter the language which has been reported, be-
cause at the time he made this part uf his speech
I was not within the bar of the House. If I had
heard it then, I should at once have called the at-
tention of the House to it. I have now but this
to say: The language read by the Clerk is viola-
tive of the rules of the House—a breach of par-
liamentary decorum—and of that gentlemanly
courtesy which ought to prevail between numbers ,
of this body. And, sir, it is not true. This is
all I wish to say, and all that the extracts read j
demand. j
JOHN CONNOLLY. !
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I move that !
