1856.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1181
erable attention; I have watcher) the legislation
from time to time as it progressed; and I am com-
pelled to say that I think the Secretary of the
Interior does possess, under existing laws, the
power to make such regulations as, in his judg-
ment, are proper to carry out the intention of
Congress in passing the graduation act. That is
a power conferred on him by law.
Mr. BROWN. I have not doubted that.
Mr. STUART. The Senator says now that
he does not dispute it. Why, sir, he said most
distinctly that, in his opinion, the regulations
amounted to nothing. If they are made in pur-
suance of the law, they amount to just as much
as the law does, because they are a part of the
law. When Congress passes a law, and authorizes
a Department to make regulations to carry it out,
those regulations become a part of the law, and
they must be complied with.
Mr. ADAMS. Will the Senator allow me to
make a suggestion ?
Mr. STUART. Certainly.
Mr. ADAMS. As I understand m.y colleague,
the facts of this case are, that the Secretary of
the Interior first adopted regulations in conformity
with what he understood to be the law. These
parties complied with the regulations of the De-
partment, entered their land, and paid their money.
Subsequently, the Secretary imposed new rules
and regulations, after the contract had been con-
summated and completed, when the money had
been paid and the certificate of entry issued. Has
he the right, after the party has paid his money
and received his certificate, to change the regula-
tions under which rights have accrued to suit
himself?
Mr. STUART. There is an entire misconcep-
tion on that subject. In the first place, the Com-
missioner of the General Land Office sent out a
simple form of affidavit. The law provided that
an affidavit should be made, and a form for it was
sent out by the Commissioner of the General
Land Office to the various land offices through-
out the country. The act itself was very general
in its terms. A man came forward and swore
that he bought a tract of land for his own use for
cultivation. When questioned as to his intention,
he said: " I do not know whether I will cultivate
it this year or thirty years hence ;orif Idonot
cultivate it myself, it will be done by somebody
to wh om I may sell the land, and that will amount
to the same thing." That was an utter perver-
sion of the law of Congress.
The first circular which was issued as to prov-
ing the occupancy came from the Commissioner
of the General Land Office, and, I may say, did
not meet the views of the Secretary of the Interior.
The time fixed—two months—was in his opinion
too short; therefore he reviewed the subject, and
allowed a year, which is the same time given to
an entry under the preemption law.
The Senator from Mississippi [Mr. Brown]
says that after a man has bought the land, paid
his money, and received his title, the Secretary
comes forward and undertakes to throw a cloud
over it. That is a great mistake. He has not
any title at all. He has simply a certificate or
receipt from the receiver of the land office that
he has paid a certain amount of money into the
office for a particular tract of land. The circular
states, that the object of Congress was to confine
these entries to bona fide settlers upon the land,
and that it is necessary to show that a man,
jvithin a reasonable time, has gone on the land
and made the requisite occupancy and settlement.
What is a reasonable time ? In the Secretary's
last circular he decided that a year was a reason-
able time. If Congress thinks otherwise, and
thinks that it should be extended to two, or three,
or five years, or any other time, it is perfectly
competent to say so.
I wish it to be understood that I am not indi-
cating what will be my views as a member of the
Committee on Public Lands on the resolution
presented by the Senator"om Mississippi. I
should not have said a word, but that I thought
he was unnecessarily criticising the action of the
Department. I think the action of the Depart-
ment upon the laws, as they stand, has been lib-
eral and wise. If Congress sees fit to change the
laws, and give these entries to the individuals
who have made them, without reference to the
original object of the act of 1854, it can do so.
That is a question which it is entirely eompetent
for Congress to decide; and, when so decided,
nobody will have a right to complain. I shall
consider this subject, so far as I am concerned as
a member of the committee, with all the care and
attention which I can bestow on it; and I shall
endeavor to give it an impartial consideration. I
have no preconceived views upon the subjeet; but
I really must say that I think there is no ground
whatever for complaining of the action -of the
Secretary of the Interior under the law as it now
exists. 1 must say further, that I think his cir-
cular is one which he had a right to issue. I will
not limit the remark to the expression that it is
one which he had a right to make, but he was
bound to make it under the existing laws ofCon-
Mr. BROWN. I certainly did not mean to be
understood as unnecessarily or even severely
criticising the course which the Secretary thought
it his duty to pursue. He doubtless has done
what he thought was right. I differ from him.
I think that the action of the Department shows
that the Department itself is not very harmonious
on the subject. First, a circular was issued, re-
quiring these additional affidavits to be made
within two months. When that has had the
effect of disturbing the title of the purchaser, the
Department finds out that the time allowed is too
short, and extends it to twelve months. That, I
think, is too short; I consider anytime whatever
too short.
My friend from Michigan seems to think that
it is the patent which gives a man a title to his
land. I differ from him on that point. It is the
act of purchasing and paying the money under
the law, and in accordance with the requirements
of the law, that gives him his title. The patent
is but the evidence of a title already acquired and
possessed. I have no idea that, when A orB has
purchased a tract in accordance with the law,
the Department has a right to lay down rules
subsequently which will vacate that purchase,
unless it be first established that the purchase
was made by fraud. I grant you that fraud will
vitiate the purchase and will overturn the title.
What I object to, however, is laying down a
general rule by which fraud is to be presumed
and adjudged against all parties, whether they
are honest or dishonest. If my friend had gone
forward and made a bona fide purchase, comply-
ing with all the regulations which had been made
previous to the time of his entry, I hold that he
would get a good title against the Government,
and against the world. If his neighbor went for-
ward and made an entry in fraud of the law, he
would have a defective title—or rather no title at
all. But you must first establish the existence
of the fraud before you can overturn his title.
What I object to in these circulars is, that they
lay down a general rule by which the Depart-
ment arrives at the conclusion that fraud has ex-
isted ill all cases. That rule is, that unless a man
comes forward and complies with certain require-
ments within twelve months, the Department will
adjudge the entry to have been fraudulent, will
set it aside, and refuse a patent. That, I say,
they have no right to do. If the committee and
Congress shall judge that to be proper in the
premises, let us enact it into a law. I object to
the Department making laws. I do not mean
certainly to charge that the Secretary intended to
do it, but 1 mean to say that such is my judg-
ment of the transaction, and that the action of
the Department has had the effect of disturbing
the quiet of hundreds, and I may say thousands,
of my constituents, who have purchased land
under this law, honestly and in good faith; but
they will not be able to comply with these rules,
or, at any rate, compliance with them will be at-
tended with a great deal of trouble. That is the
reason why I desire to have this inquiry made.
The resolution was agreed to.
ENROLLED BILLS SIGNED.
A message from the House of Representatives,
by Mr. Cullom, their Clerk, announced that the
Speaker of the House of Representatives had
signed sundry enrolled bills and joint resolutions,
which he was directed to bring to the Senate for
the signature of their President.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore signed them; as
follows:
An act creating Columbus, in Kentucky, a port
of delivery;
A resolution relating to the appropriation for
the improvement of the harbor of Sheboygan,
Wisconsin;
An act to surrender to the State of Illinois the
Cumberland road in said State;
A resolution for enlarging the custom-house,
post office, and court-house at Cleveland", Ohio ;
A resolution for the relief of the Southwestern
and Muscogee Railroad Companies; and
An act making an appropriation for deepening
the channel over the St. Clair flats, in the State
of Michigan.
NAVAL RETIRING BOARD,
On motion of Mr. CLAYTON, the Senate re-
sumed the consideration of Mr. Iviatsoii'-s reso-
lutions, submitted on the 29th of February, for
the appointment of a select committee to investi-
gate the a'ction of the late naval retiring board.
Mr. BAYARD concluded the speech which he
commenced on M onday last. It will be published
in the Appendix.
Mr. MALLORY. Mr. President, if no other
member of the body desires to address the Senate
on this subject, I shall move its postponement
until Monday, at one o'clock,and that it be made
the special order for that day, when, if the Senate
will indulge me, I propose to submit my views
upon the question. I would name an earlier day,
but for the fact that some of the speeches which
have been made on the subjeet, and to which I
shall be expected to respond, have not yet been
published. I have not been able to examine the
speeches of the Senator from'North Carolina,
[Mr. Biggs,] the Senator from Mississippi, [Mr.
Adams ,] the Senator from Texas, [Mr. Houston,]
who occupied the floor for two days, and the Sen-
ator from Georgia, [Mr. Toombs.] I should also
desire to examine the remarks of my friend from
Delaware, [Mr. Bayard,] before I am called upon
to respond. For this reason, I do not ask for an
earlier day than next Monday.
Mr. CASS. Monday has been already assigned
for another subject.
Several Senators. Say Tuesday.
Mr. MALLORY. Well, sir, I will, as that
seems to be the sense of the body, move to j
pone this subject until Tuesday next, at one
o'clock, if no other Senator desires to bfthea^d
on it in the mean time.
Mr. HALE. I take some interest in this mat-
ter, and a number of memorials were intrusted to
me with the expectation that I should say some-
thing in regard to this question. But, sir, the
honorable Senator from Georgia [Mr. Toombs]
said what I intended to say so much better than
I could hope to do it, that I feel relieved from that
necessity. Still there are a few documents which
I desire to look at, and I may wish to submit a
few remarks; but I shall not occupy more than
thirty minutes, and it is possible that I shall not
desire to be heard even to that small extent. _ I
give this notice, however, so that I may not dis-
appoint the honorable Senator from Florida.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Foot in
the chair.) The question is on the motion to
postpone the further consideration of this_ subject
until Tuesday next, and make it the special order
for that day at one o'clock.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. I very seldom make
any appointments to speak, and I do not wish to
consider myself bound by any engagement, but
I desire to state that I had intended—particularly
because of the great misapprehension of my mean-
ing on a former occasion, by the honorable gen-
tleman from North Carolina, [Mr. Biggs]—to
make some remarks on this subject before the
vote shall be taken. Indeed, I had hoped that I
should have the opportunity of hearing the hon-
orable chairman of the Committee on Naval Af-
fairs at large, before those who differ from him
were called upon to reply. They have made their
report, and I desire to hear what they have to add
to it. I have no objection to the postponement
until Tuesday, but I had hoped, as I may wish
to say something further on the subject, that be-
fore this time all amendments proposed to be
offered would be before the Senate in order that
my remarks might be addressed to them.
Mr. TOOMBS. I ask permission of the Sen-
ate at the present time t0 submit informally a bill
which I gave notice I should move as a substitute
for that of the committee, and I desire to have it
printed.
