imj
JtPFEf DOnC TO THE CONGKESSKJrCM. GIi0BE.
898
34th Cono..«1st Sess. Massachusetts Personal Liberty BUI, etc.—Mr. Shorter.
. Ho. of Rutfa.
that sentiment for some place other than the
Senate of the United States.
Mr. WILSON. Will the Senator from Mich-
Kan allow me to ask him a question ?
Mr. STUART. Certainly.
Mr. WILSON. Did the Senator understand
that I said that the South could not be kicked out
of the Union?
Mr. STUART. I did.
Mr. WELLER and others. Certainly.
Mr. WILSON. I made no such declaration.
I said that those gentlemen who made the threats
to which I alluded could not be kicked out of the
Union; that men who threatened that they would
dissolve the Union if a certain party should ob-
tain power, could not be kicked out of the Union.
1 believe we shall never have any trouble about
kicking any section or State out of this Union.
Mr. STUART. I cannot consent to repeat all
the language which the Senator Used on that sub-
ject. So far as he has repeated it, he is correct; but
ne cannot forget that he connected with it certain
other remarks which gave it a locality. But, sir,
I repeat what I said before, I care not to what
section of the country it is addressed, or to what
man in any section of the Union, I am happy to
believe that the people are for maintaining it in
its integrity, and if they are ever driven from their
position, it will be by accidentally placing men in
position who say things and do things so tantal-
izing as to drive others mad. |
Now, Mr. President, I am anxious to get rid ,
of this subject. I am desirous that the legislation !
of the country shall proceed, and 1 will join with j
my fellow Senators here in any amount of labor j
to facilitate the legislation of the country; and, if :
the Senate believe it will answer their purpose j
as well, I should like to move to lay this whole j
subject on the table. !
Mr. CLAYTON and others. Certainly; we j
will agree to that.
Mr. STUART. I think it will essentially carry
out our views, and in it we shall say that by
taking this bantling away from here on Thurs-
day last, and giving it a new shape without its
living long enough to get any feathers on it, has
not at all helped the question; that it is no such
subject as this individual has a right here to pre-
sent. 1 move, therefore, to lay the motion to
receive the petition on the table.
The PRESIDENT. That motion is in order.
Mr. HARLAN addressed the Chair.
The PRESIDENT. The question is not de-
batable.
Mr. SUMNER. I call for theyeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered; and being
taken resulted—yeas 30,' liays II; as follows:
YEAS—Meters. Adams, Allen, Benjamin, Biggs,
Blight, Brown, Butter, Cats, Clayton, Dodge, Douglas,
Evans, Fitzpatrick, Hooter, Ivsreon, J antes,Jones of Iowa,
Jojies of Tennessee, Pugh, Reid, Rusk, Sebastian, Slidell,
Btoaft, Toombs, Toucey, Weller, Wright, and Yulce—30.
WAYS—Messrs. Collamer, Dufkee, Foot, Hale, Ham-
lin, Harlan, Seward, Sumner, Trumbull, Wade, and Wil-
son—11.
So the motion .to receive the petition was
ordered to lie on the table.
THI MASSACHUSETTS PERSONAL LIBERTY BELL
AND THE CONSTITUTIONAL SIGHTS OP THE
BOOTH. J 
SPEECH OF HON. ELI S. SHORTER,
OF ALABAMA,
In the Hoiks of RetoesMntatiYbs,
April 9,1856.
The House being in the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union,
Mr. SHORTER said:
Mr. Chairman: The gentleman from Massa-
chusetts, {Mr. Damreli,,] who addressed the
House on the 18th of last month, took occasion
in his remarks to allude, as I thought, rather sar-
castically to certain resolutions which I attempted
on Severn occasions to introduce for the consid-
eration of this body. Those resolutions-had ref-
erence to an act passed by" the Legislature of his
State in the month of May last, nullifying the
fugitive slave law of A. D. 1850. I propose this
morning to devote a portion of my time to a dis-
cussion of the principles involved tn those resolu-
tions; and, after that, to pay my respects to the
honorable gentleman, and attempt a reply to some
points in his speech to which my attention has
been called.
It is true, sir, that my resolutions are not before
the House for its immediate action; because,
Whenever they were offered, objections were in-
terposed from the opposite side of the Hall. Thus,
a fair discussion of their merits, and the expres-
sion upon record of the opinion of this House
thereon, have been evaded by a recourse to the
technicalities of the rules by which the legisla-
tion of the country is here conducted. From
the political organization of this House, no man
could reasonably expect ever to be able to press
to a final vote any resolution, however sound in
principle, which, if adopted, would exclude the
delegation of an abolition State, and create a
vacancy in the Speaker's chair.
Mr. Chairman, the fifteen slaveholding States
of this Union are vitally interested in the faithful
execution of the fugitive slave law. The right
of recapture is guarantied to them by the Con-
stitution of the United States, and Congress has
passed laws to enforce that right. But Massa-
chusetts, unmindful of the obligations she owes
to the South, has seen proper by her personal
liberty bill practically to deny us the enjoyment
of that right upon her soil. To-day, we also find
the great State of Ohio beginning a system of
legislation similar to that adopted by Massachu-
setts. 11 is difficult, indeed, to enforce at this time
the law for the recovery of fugitive slaves in any
of the northern States. If Massachusetts has the
right to nullify the act of A. D. 1850, she may
also, with equal propriety, repudiate all' laws
passed by Congress. If one State can assume
such a position, arid maintain it within the Union,
so may every other 'State follow her example.
What, then,becomes of that clause of the Consti-
tion of our country which reads—
" No person hel4 to service or labor in one State, under
the laws thereof, escaping into another, shall, in conse-
quence of any law or regulation therein, be discharged from
such service or labor, but shall be delivered up on claim of
the party to whom such service or labor may be due."
I do not intend tediscuss th&nqnestion involv-
ing the right of theSouth to hold their slaves. That
is a subject over which you have no jurisdiction.
The gentleman from New York, [Mr. Granger,]
in the very extraordinary speech which he deliv-
ered here a few days ago—and which, by the by,
was nothing more than an echo (and a feeble one
at that) of the address published by the radical
Abolitionists who held their meeting last year in
Syracuse—denied that there was any legal slavery
in die United States. I commend to his study
the history of his country. If, however, he
entertains any doubts as to the legality of the in-
stitution in Jtldboma, let him visit tiny State, and
violate our laws regulating slave property, and in
that manner he can satisfy himself. Let me tell
him, sir, that the South does not derive the right
and title to her slaves from the Constitution of
the United States. We hold them by virtue of a
po wer greater than that Constitution—one which
existed Defore its adoption, and which is above
and beyond it. We hoidthem by virtue of State
authority. When the Constitution was adopted,
it recognized slavery as an existing institution,
and thrfew around it the protecting arm Of the
Government. The question now is, whether that
protection shall be afforded to the South, and her
people sustained in their constitutional rights ?
The vast amount of Capital invested in tjirs
species of property may be readily ascertained
by reference to the census of A. D. 1850. The
aggregate number of slaves throughout the South
is about three million two hundred thousand.
Their present market valuation may be estimated
at two thousand millions of dollars. The New
York Times, an abolition paper, states that, since
the passage of the fugitive law in 1850, thirty-Jive
thousand staves have made their escape from the
South into the free States, and have been lost to
their owners! Why is it, I ask, that the border
States ajre thus subjected to a loss of four millions
of doMars annually f Because of the failure of a
portion of the northern people to- discharge their
constitutional obligations. No wonder, then, th«
South is so keenly sensitive upon this subject.
It is well known, sir, that when the Constitu-
tion of the > United States Iras adopted, African
slavery existed in nearly all of the original thir-
teen States. Several of them had, previous to
that time, commenced a system of legislation
i looking to the gradual emancipation of their
j slaves. For all practical purposes, when the
| convention assembled, one half of the States rep-
resented may be regarded as being opposed to
slavery. Under these circumstances, when our
: fathers met together to frame the Constitution—
with the recollections of the glorious revolutionary
struggle through which they had just passed still
fresh in their memories—they found it necessary in
order to establish the Union, to yield to the South
the right to recapture their fugitive slaves wher-
| ever they were found. A clause guarantying that
right was inserted into the Constitution without
a dissenting voice. Massachusetts was present
in the persons of Gorham and King, and signed
the bond! She afterwards ratified their action
, by adopting the Constitution in her sovereign
capacity. Without that clause in the Constitu-
tion, the Union never would have existed. De-
stroy it practically by State action, or by therepeal
of the fugitive act of 1850, and do you believe
that the South, less patriotic now than in the days
of the Revolution, will quietly submit to the sac-
rifice of her rights, and still.cling to the Union ?
If such is public opinion at the North, let it be
at once undeceived. We understand, gentlemen,
what our rights are under the Constitution, and
with the blessing of God we mean to maintain
them. We ask for nothing more—will be content
with nothing less.
When the Union was formed, all the States
that were parties thereto agreed, as before stated,
by solemn compact, to deliver up fugitive slaves
on demand of their owners. How has that com-
! pact been observed by some of the northern States i
Let the $4,000,000 annually lost by the South
in fugitive slaves answer the question. Let the
1 personal liberty bill of Massachusetts speak. And
i yet, "tell it not in Gath—publish it not in the
| streets of Askalon," we find honorable members
i from that State coming into this Hall, and, with
; unblushing effrontery, talk to us about the inius-
I tice practiced'upon the North in the repeal of the
j " Missouri compromise." Go back, gentlemen,
' to the original compact which your fathers made
with our fathers when the Uaion had its hirth.
Inquire if you have complied with the conditions
of that bond? If you have been faithless to four
constitutional obligations, it ill becomes you to
complain of violated faith, even if any wrong had
been done you by the, repeal of the Missouri re-
striction. Why, sir, soon after the adoption of
the Constitution, the free States themselves be 
lieved it was their duty, from the terms of the com?
pact, to aid in the surrender of fugitive slaves;
and many of them passed laws to facilitate their
recovery. They have the right, and, I hold,are
in honor bound to legislate in such a manner as
will assist southern men in recapturing theirslaves;
but they have no power to pass any laws limiting
or restraining the exercise of the constitutional
right of recapture.
What has been the history of the legislation
of Congress on this Subject ? The first fugitive
slave act; was passed in 1793, and was signed by
the "Father of his Country." But experience
developed defects in that law, and it became ne-
cessary to change it. What were those defects?
The judge or magistrate had no power to issue a
warrant for the arrest of the fngitive, or for.his
committal after conviction. The sheriff was not
liable officially for an escape; and the penalty im-
posed for resisting or obstructing the law was too
small to secure its enforcement. Under those
circumstances, the South demanded further legis-
lation from Congress to protect her constitutional
rights, The act of 1850 was passed, bui how
did it pass? Was it granted to us as a matter of
right ? By no means—but reluctantly yeilded by
way of a compromise! The war with Mexico had
terminated; the flag of our country had been
borne in triumph over many a field of carnage*
until it waved over the halls of the Montezumaa.
Peace came, and brought with it,.as the apoiis of
victory, a vast aequisition of territory to the
Union. But hew much did the South receive for
her, portion ? California was forced prematurely
into the Union as a free State, and by that act the
