1132
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 7,
The PRESIDING OFFICER. By unanimous
consent the substitute will be received informally
and be ordered to be printed. The Chair hears
no objection. The question recurs on the motion
to postpone the further consideration of the reso-
lutions before the Senate until Tuesday next.
Mr. MALLORY. In order to expedite busi-
ness, I will suggest to the Senate that I see no
objection whatever to taking the vote at an earlier
day than Monday on the resolution which comes
first in order, the resolution of the Senator from
Georgia, [Mr. Iverson.]
Mr. TOOMBS. My colleague who presented
that resolution has left the city, and before he left
he authorized me to withdraw it and present my
own proposition as a substitute for it. He sug-
gested this course in order to prevent delay, as
he desires to have the whole subject disposed of
at an early day. In accordance with his request
I shall at the proper time withdraw his resolution,
so that the question will come up on the bill of
the Committee on Naval Affairs, and the amend-
ment to it.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
pending is on the resolution of the absent Senator
from Georgia.
Mr. TOOMBS. That has been made the special
order merely for the purpose of tying debate to
it. Inasmuch, however, as action upon it has
been postponed for so long a time, and my col-
league is very desirous to have the whole ques-
tion disposed of, he has authorized me to with-
draw the resolution.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
will suggest that a motion to lay the resolution
on the ta^le will dispose of it it' the Senate is
desirous of getting it out of the way of the bills
upon the same subject.
Mr. TOOMBS. There is no necessity for that.
I will withdraw my colleague's resolution before
any vote be taken, as I am authorized to do it.
I have presented a substitute for the bill of the
committee, which my colleague is willing to ac-
cept in lieu of his own proposition. I shall with-
draw his resolution whenever it suits the con-
venience of the Senate; but it is not necessary to
do so now, as it is not proposed to have action
on that resolution at the present time.
Mr. jVIALLORY. The Senator from Ken-
tucky lias expressed a desire to hear from the
chairman of the Committee on Naval Aft'airs on
this subject befoie be replies. Sir, I am very
anxious to hear the Senator from Kentucky be-
fore I speak. I thought it was conceded by the
Senate that, having reported the bill from the
Naval Committee, I should have the closing ar-
gument on the subject. If that is not the under-
standing, however', { shall comply with the views
of the Senate in any matter of form or of sub-
stance. Of course Senators can reply to mo at
.anytime. I know of 110 rule which precludes
any Senator from replying. I have already list-
ened to one speech, if not two speeches, of the
Senator from Kentucky with great interest, and 1
propose addressing a portion of my remarks to
what he said on those occasions. If he designs
to address the Senate again I desire to hear him
before I speak. If he wishes otherwise, I will
address the Senate on Tuesday, and the honor-
able gentleman from Kentucky, and others, can
reply, and then, of course, I shall have an oppor-
tunity of submitting further remarks after they
shall hare been heard, if I find it to be necessary
to do so.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. I certainly am disposed
to concede to the honorable chairman of the com-
mittee the privilege of closing this debate. I
Understand that, according to the usages of the
Senate, he has a right to conclude the debate on 1
the proposition which he has presented; that is j
the principle upon which preference is assigned j
h'm- ' within his wishes as to the course I
u'e debate, I may submit a very few reinaiks !
on the subject, but I do not like to take upon my !
conscience an engagement to speak. I may feel 1
it to be my duty to submit a few remarks, but I
shall not promise to do so. The gentleman can
take his own course.
Mr. STUART. I hope that the chairman of
tne Committee on Naval Affairs will name a later
clay than Tuesday, if this subject is to be post-
poned at all. ["No; no."] Well, sir, let us see
whether this course is right. We have laid aside
all other business for the purpose of ending this,
and now we have arrived at a point when those
who have charge of it are not ready to end it.
Mr. TOOMBS. The committee may not be,
but those charged with adverse propositions are
ready to end it any day.
Mr. MALLORY. I hope that my friend from
Michigan will not say that the postponement is
proposed because I am not ready at all times, and
at all hours. I am ready to go on to-morrow if
the Senate insist. 1 stated that I had not yet had
an opportunity of reading the speeches of Sena-
tors on the other side of the question; but if it is
the desire of the body to close the debate I will
go on now. I do not wish the Senate to suppose
for a moment that I ask, or that the committee
ask, for delay; on the contrary, the committee are
seeking and desire a termination of the argument.
Mr. STUART. That is not what I said. I
stated that the Senator was not ready, and I
think he has a good reason for not being ready.
It is necessary that he should have an opportu-
nity of examining the arguments which have
been made against his views. He is not ready,
and therefore he asks for a postponement until
Tuesday.
What will be the effect of this? We can take
up to-morrow the river and harbor bills, but we
cannot finish them then. Friday is private bill
day, and we can do nothing with them on that
day. Monday is assigned to the Kansas ques-
tion, and then again on Tuesday we are to take
up this subject. If the Senator would agree to
postpone the subject for a week from to-day—
only a day longer than he proposes—it would
give us two days in which to dispose of the river
and harbor bills. I cannot see why we may not
with propriety do that. I think the Senator
from Florida has good reason for desiring a post-
ponement of the subject for the purposes of his
own remarks; but I suggest to him that it would
be better to extend the postponement for one day
longer, and then the subject with which 1 am
charged will probably be out of the way. I do
not wish to be contesting the ground day after
day, with gentlemen on other committees, but
some little desire to convenience each one might,
I think, enable us to get on without any even
apparent collision. I trust the Senator will accept
my proposition to make the postponement until
next Wednesday.
Mr. MALLORY. The Senator can make the
motion, and the sense of the Senate can be tested
on the point.
Mr. STUART. I move that the further con-
sideration of the subject be postponed until Wed-
nesday next, and be made the special order for
one o'clock on thaj day.
The motion was agreed to.
DANISH SOUND DUES.
Mr. MASON. I ask the Senate now to take
up the resolution reported from the Committee
on Foreign Relations, in regard to the sufficiency
of the notice which has been given to terminate
the treaty with Denmark, in order that it may be
made the special order for to-morrow, at half
past twelve o'clock.
Mr. STUART. I cannot consent to that.
Mr. MASON. I do not ask the consent of
the Senator. I should be very happy to have it,
and if he canifbt give it I regret it; but I ask for
the sense of the Senate.
Mr. STUART. I suppose that if I am brought
to it lean do what some gentlemen do with my
propositions—talk out the. motion to-day; but I
have no wish to do that. It is well known to
everybody that we adjourned yesterday with a
question pending 011 one of the harbor bills.
That was the unfinished business of yesterday,
and therefore had priority to-day; but we gave
way without complaining, without saying a sin-
gle word, because we know it was the understand-
ing of the Senate that the naval discussion should
proceed to-day, and that the Senator from Dela-
ware should be heard upon it. Now, T think it
has been equally understood, that when this na-
val question was out of the way the next busi-
ness entitled to be considered was the harbor and
river bills. Now, if the. resolution of the Sena-
tor from Virginia be postponed, and made the
special order for half past twelve o'clock to-mor-
row, it will consume the day. It will have half
an hour's precedence, and having that precedence,
and being under consideration, it will override
everything else. I desire simply to suggest to
the Senator from "Virginia, that that is not pre-
cisely what we ought to do. I am willing to
concede as much as I can. I am willing to pro-
ceed to the consideration of the Senator's reso-
lution now, and to sit here any length of time
to-night that may be necessary to dispose of it.
Mr. MASON. I am perfectly willing to take
it up now, and dispose of it, if that be the pleas-
ure of the Senate; but I believe the usual hour of
adjournment has arrived.
*The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is oil the motion of the Senator from Virginia to
take up the resolution to which he has alluded.
The question being put, on a division, nine
Senators rose in the affirmative.
Mr. MASON. I call for the yeas and nays,
and I desire the Senate and the country to know
what the question is. It is a resolution from the
Committee on Foreign Relations, giving the judg-
ment of that committee on a matter pending
between this Government and a foreign Govern-
ment as to the termination of a treaty—a step in
the foreign intercourse of the Government which
was taken twelve months ago, and as to which
steps some doubts have been thrown by a reso-
lution offered by the Senator from Massachusetts,
[Mr. Sumner.] It was referred to the Committee
011 Foreign Relations, and they have reported
upon it. The questions involved are now pending
between this Government and the Government
of Denmark; and it is not at all improbable that,
unless the judgment of the Senate is taken upon
the former action of this body, it may embarrass
the relations of the two countries.
These are the facts. Now, I ask the SenatQ
to take up that resolution. It was under consid-
eration at a former day, when it was discussed
to some extent, and it was then passed by because
some other order took precedence of it. Under-
standing that to-morrow is a sort of a leisure
day in the Senate—that is to say, that no special
business has been arranged for it—I desire to
have this resolu tion assigned for to-morrow, when
we may dispose of the subject. On the question
of taking it up, I ask for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. STUART. Mr. President, it is exceed-
ingly difficult for me at all times to proceed as I
would desire to do in the Senate. This is a place
where the practice of comity and courtesy pre-
vails, and ought to prevail to a great extent; but
yet it seems that occasions are seized to put me
m a false position before the Senate. Again and
again I have yielded and said nothing. Now,
sir, I am called upon this day, and on this occa-
sion, to set myself right. I am going to vote
against this proposition, and I propose to tell why:
for the same reason that the Senator from Vir-
ginia has made his statement, that the country
shall know, as he says, what is this question.
Sir, if it is important for the country to know how
the Senator from Virginia acts, it is important for
the country to know how I act. This question
is undoubtedly an important one  
Mr. FITZPATRICK. Will the gentleman
give way for a moment?
Mr. STUART. I would rather make my state-
ment.
Mr. FITZPATRICK. My object in asking
the gentleman to give way is to make a motion
to adjourn. I am satisfied that there is no quo-
rum present, and we can accomplish nothing prac-
tical by remaining here longer.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Does the Sen-
ator from Michigan yield the floor for the inter-
position of a motion to adjourn ?
Mr. STUART. I generally do almost any-
thingthatany Senator asks me to do. I proposed
to place myself right before the country; but I
do not know that the country will suffer if I give
way for a motion to adjourn.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate
adjourned.
 m 
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
"Wednesday", May 7, 1856.
The House met at twelve o'clock, m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. Daniel Waldo.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
IOWA RAILROAD BILL.
The SPEAKER announced the business in
order to be House bill No. 56, reported from the
