1856.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
39T
34th Cong.;.. 1st Sess. Massachusetts Personal Liberty BUI, etc—-Mr. Shorter.
Ho. of Reps.
tying into effect those clauses of the Constitution
which I am now discussing, they passed a law,
in 1795, authorizing the President to call fbrth the
militia, in certain cases. By an examination of
that act, it is clear that it applies solely to insur-
rections and eom&tn«fions of individuals to resist
the Jaws of Congress; it does not apply to Statu.
The act of 1807, which confers the power on the
President to employ the Army and Navy to enforce
the laws, expressly limits its exercise to such
cases only "where it is lawful" to "call forth
the militia." If the President has the unlimited
power to use the Army and Navy in alt cases
where the laws are resisted, why did the Congress
of 1807 restrict it to such cases only as where it
was " lawful" to call out the " militia ?" The
conclusion is irresistible, that there might arise
obstructions to the execution of the laws, where
it would not be " lawful" for him to employ the
Army and Navy.
The question now properly arises—has Massa-
chusetts, in her sovereign capacity, nullified the
fugitive slave ftct of 1850? If she has, then she
has voluntarily placed herself outside of the
Union; has no rignt to be heard in this Hall, and
least of all, to occupy the Speaker's chair.
In what manner, then, is the sovereign will of
any State in this Union to be expressed ? The
most usual way, I admit, is through a convention
of the people. The Constitution of the United
States was adopted upon that principle. All
amendments to tnat Constitution must be ratified
by three fourths of the ^iveral States, in their
sovereign capacities. And yet, in the fifth article
of that Constitution, we discover that there are
two modes of ascertaining the sovereign voice of
the States. The one, through conventions-r-the
other through their Legislatures.
The act to nullify the fugitive slave law was
passed by the Legislature of Massachusetts; then
indorsed by her people at the polls in a subsequent
popular election; and the members of her present
Legislature, now in session, instead of repairing
the wrong done to the South, have sent on peti-
tions to Congress to sustain them in their nullifi-
cation, by a repeal of the fugitive act itself.
Practically, it is the same thing as if the personal
liberty bill had been passed by herpeople in con-
vention. The honorable member from Massa-
chusetts, [Mr. Damreli,] the other day, in his
remarks, admitted that this law was passed by
his Stats "in htr sovereignty." I employ his
exact language. If that be the fact, then where lies
our remedy ? A grievous wrong has been done
to the South? so great indeed, that the President
himself has said that, as between " foreign Pow-
ers it would be just cause of war." It is a sound
maxim in law, that for every wrong there is a
remedy. What is ours ? Is it to be found in a
sscond edition of Jackson's proclamation against
South Carolina in 1832, when she attempted to
'nullify the tariff law ? I trust not, sir. I never
wish to see that experiment made again. 1 think
South Carolina mistook her remedy—secession
and not nullification ought to have been her watch-
word. But the President had no right to threaten
her with the Army and Navy; because South
Carolina was moving in her sovereignty. Gen-
eral Jackson himself, it is well known, afterwards
repudiated the principles embodied in that proc-
lamation. It never came, in the first place, from
his pen, his head, or his heart. Whenever the
proclamation and force bill shall be incorporated
• rn the political platform of any national party in
this country, and a candidate nominated thereon
elected to the Presidency, it will be after the
teachings of Jefferson, Madison, Randolph, and
Mason are forgotten. Then every vestige of
State lines, State rights, and State sovereignties
will be swept away, and Federalism,in its most
odious form, will triumph throughout the land!
When the time comes that the union of these
States can only be maintained by force of arms,
the sooner it is dissolved the better—better for us,
better for posterity, and the cause of republican
governments throughout the world. We want no
subject States in the Union; it is contrary to the
spirit of the Constitution, and the principles upon
which the Confederacy was formed.
When a State nullifies the laws of Congress,
and still insists on remaining in the Union, as
Massachusetts is now doing, my remedy is for
Congress to ignore that State in the appropriation
bills, and exclude her from representation in this
Hou&, and also in the Senate.
If Congress fails to protect the South against
the operation of laws in the northern States, i
which abrogate the constitutional right of recap-
ture, then, gentlemen, we have another remedy; ;
and, as a last resort, we will avail ourselves of :
it. It is the law of retaliation. That subject was
discussed during the past winter in the Legisla-
tures of most of the southern States, and found
many advocates. It was determined, however,
not to adopt that course for the present, but to
postpone' all action in th6 hope that a returning
sense of justice might yet induce Massachusetts
to discharge her constitutional obligations to us.
There is another circumstance, Mr. Chairman,
connected- with the history of the abolition party
in Massachusetts, which, as it occurs to me now,
I desire to notice. -- After obtaining control of the
Legislature, passing the personal liberty bill, and
chartering the emigrant aid society, tnese men
meet together in1' Tremon t Temple, and send out
invitations to distinguished southerners to visit
Boston and defend the institution of slavery! I
deeply regret that any son of the South felt it to
be his duty to favor the proposition. I do not
question the motives by which the Senator from
Georgia [Mr. Toombs] was influenced in going
there—they were doubtless patriotic. When I
read his able vindication of the institutions of the
South and our constitutional rights in the Union,
I was almost inclined to pardon him for not imi-
tating the noble example set him by the gallant
Wise of Virginia. But his lecture would now
read equally as veil had it been delivered in Wash-
ington instead of Boston. Go to Boston to reason
with fanatics on the subject of slavery ! What
good could result from it? Fanaticism has no ear
for reason. Sooner aim an arrow at the earth,
and expect to see it win a passage through the
heavens, or struggle with the " half-starved lion
for his prey," than hope to silence fanaticism by
the power of argument.
Mr. Chairman, I shall now notice a few points
made by the honorable gentleman [Mr. Dam-
rell] in his speech to which I have before al-
luded. Referring to the Congressional Globe, I
find he is reported to have said:
"The gentleman from Alabama [Mr. SitorterI has
made an attempt, according to previous promise, to intro-
duce resolutions to expel the Massachusetts delegation from
the floor of this House, because in her sovereignty she
passed th? personal liberty bill for the protection of her
citizens against the operations of the odious slave law. I
would suggest to the honorable gentleman, first to offer a
resolution to expunge the record of Massachusetts from the
history of tbe country, and another to slide Bunker Hill and
Lexington into the Atlantic."
Such, sir, is his language. " Slide Bunker
Hill and Lexington into the Atlantic?" God for-
bid it! Cursed be the man who could entertain
such a thought. Rather let them stand where
they are, as everlasting monuments to the patriot-
ism of a race now almost extinct in Massachu-
setts. Perhaps they may be the means of awaken-
ing, in the hearts of a generation yet to be born
upon that soil, a desire to emulate the valorous
deeds of those illustrious men whose names are
so identified with those consecrated places, that
the wing of time can never efface them. Sir, I
have a veneration even for the ntde- mounds which
the wild Indians have left scattered throughout
the dense forests of the South. I venerate them,
because tradition says they were erected in mem-
ory of some gallant chieftain whose arm was
mighty in war—whose heart was devoted to his
tribe 1
No, no, I would never rob Massachusetts, not-
withstanding she has trampled under foot the
constitutional rights of my section—of a single
laurel that she won in fighting the battles 6f the
Revolution. I delight to read her early history.
In those days that " tried men's souls," she had
patriots and statesmen among her sons; men who,
to-day, if they were permitted to revisit the fields
of their glory, would blush, at the position which
Massachusetts has now assumed towards her
sister southern States. They would pray heaven
that thespiritof wisdom, moderation,ana justice,
might again return to that old commonwealth,
ana dwell in her council halls ! They would call
to mind the time when Boston was in thfe posses-
sion of the enemy; her citizens driven from their
homes, and exposed to the pitiless .storms; when,
in that dark hour of her history, the genius of
Massachusetts, with outstretched hands and a
bleeding heart, appealed to the South for aid and
protection ! And how, I ask you—how was that
appeal responded to ? Did not a southern patriot
from the banks of the beautiful Potomac—himself
a slaveholder—fly to her rescue like an angel of
liberty, and deliver her people from the bonds of
captivity? But let a descendant of the family
of Washington now go to the city of Boston to
reclaim his fugitive slave; let him take with him
the Constitution of his country, by which Mas-
sachusetts is solemnly bound to surrender him—
instead of recovering his property, he \a fortunate
indeed if he himself escapes with his life! Well
may Massachusetts exclaim, " Tempora mutantur,
et nos mutamur cum illis!''
The gentleman, sir, referred in rather a boast-
ful manner to the " record" of his State, and sug-
gested to me the propriety of offering a resolution
to expunge it from the history of the country!
Let me assure that gentleman, that, so long as I
enjoy the honor of a seat in Congress, I shall act,
in the discharge of my official duties, on the re-
sponsibility of my own judgment, and that when-
ever I need his counsel he will not be required to
volunteer it!
But, Mr. Chairman, since the gentleman has
seen proper to assail the State of Mississippi, and
to challenge a discussion of the " record of his
own State, I will take up the guantlet he has
thrown down, and enter the arena. I shall not
be so ungallant as to defend Mississippi here.
She has her own champions upon this floor; and
among them, one at least, who has stood by the
" flash of the cannon,"and successfully defended
her honor amidst the thunders of battle !
I make free, however, to say that there are
some things in the " record " of Massachusetts
which, if I could, I would, for the honor of my
country, gladly expunge. Would you know what
they are ? 1 would - expunge the fact that the
hero (!) of the disgraceful surrender of Detroit—
the man who was sentenced by court-martial to
be executed, but was afterwards pardoned—had
his home in Massachusetts. I would expunge
the history of that State during the ■War with
Great Britain in 1812. I would consign to the
flames the letter written by her Governor at that
time in answer to a call made upon him by 'Gen-
eral Dearborn for troops to defend her own sea-
coast and her own towns. I would draw black
lines around the fact that Massachusetts was the
author of the treasonable Hartford Convention.
I would expunge the brutal murder of Batchelder.
I would wipe from the steps of her Capitol the
stain where he poured out his heart's blood in
defense of the majesty of law and the Constitu-
tion of his country!
There is another thing over which, God knows,
if I had the power, I would throw a pall as dark
as Erebus. I refer to the resolutions that were
acted upon in the Senate and House of the Mas-
sachusetts Legislature during our war with
Mexico. At that time, the battle of Buena Vista
had been fought and won. The first tidings of
victory that came to us seemed to be borne
upon the wings"of the wind, and spread over the
Union with electric speed. The heart of the
country leaped for joy. Every tongue was elo-
quent with the names and deeds of Taylor, Lane,
Davis, Marshall, and their illustrious associ-
ates in arms. But Arkansas was called to mourn
the death of her gallant Yell; Illinois her Hardin;
Kentucky her McKee and Clay. The flag of the
stars and stripes was entwined with the laurel
and the myrtle—emblems of a nation's joy and
a nation's grief! Under such circumstances the
Legislature of Massachusetts met, and the fol-
lowing resolutions, having passed the House,
were offered in her Senate:
" Remitted, That the thanks of the Legislature are due, and
they are hereby tendered, to Major General Zachary Tay-
lor, his officers, and men, for the fiiklity, skill, and courage
which have distinguished their successful operations in the
campaign of Mexico.
" Resolved, Thnt while the people and Legislature of
Massachusetts feel proud of the brilliant achievements of the
army employed in the war against Mexico, they mourn the
loss of the officers and men who have gallantly fallen upon
the battle-field, and sincerely sympathise with their rela-
tives and friends."
