398
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL QLGBK.
[April 9,
34th Conq....1st Sess.
Massachusetts Personal Liberty BUI, etc.-r-Mr. Shorter.
Ho. of Reps.
But few members appear (by the report now
before me) to have been present when the final
vote on these resolutions was taken. Only four,
however, are recorded in the affirmative; while
fourteen voted in the negative!
But, sir, that was not the only resolution that
was entertained by that Legislature. The fol-
lowing was passed by the House; but to the honor
of the Democratic party be it said, they voted
against it and stood by their country.
"Resolved, That such a war of conquest, so hateful in
its objects, so wanton, unjust, and unconstitutional in its
origin and character, must be regarded as a war against free-
dom, against humanity, against justice, against the Union,
against the Constitution, and against the free States."
Mark the climax! They place the " free
States" above freedom, humanity, justice, the
Union, and the Constitution! Those resolutions,
sir, speak for themselves; and here I will close the
book containing die "historic glories" of the
State of Massachusetts! _
But before I dismiss the subject, there is one
other fact so highly appropriate to the occasion, !
that I must mention it for the benefit of future
historians. Itisthis. When the illustrious Mis-
sissinpian on my right [General Quitman] cap-
tured the city of Mexico, and entered the palace
of Santa Anna, he found there to his mortifica-
tion and regret, a copy of these Massachusetts
resolutions f The world may judge whether they
gave aid. and comfort to the enemy!
But, Mr. Chairman, there are other parts of
that gentleman's speech to which I desire to direct
the attention of the House. Speaking about the
Kansas question, and in reply to the gentleman
from Missouri, [Mr. Oliver,] he says:
" Who made Missouri the guardian of Kansas Territory ?
I admit it was prejudicial to the peculiar institutions of Mis-
souri ; but not to her true interests to settle Kansas with
freemen. Northern emigrants have never been sent to the
Territory to interfere direcUy with slavery in Missouri, but
to establish freedom in Kansas."
Now, sir, in true Yankee style, to which the
gentleman surely cannot object, I run the ques-
tion he asks back again to him, and inquire who
made Massachusetts the guardian of Kansas 7 To
what jurisdiction did she apply for letters of
guardianship ? She seems to have chartered, the
first company to take possession of the Terri-
tory, and to shape and control the future destinies
of Kansas. Where did you get your authority
from ? He admits that it would be prejudicial to
the "peculiar institution*" of Missouri, but con-
tends that her " true interests" would not suffer,
for slavery to be excluded from that Territory.
Who is the better qualified to judge of that matter,
the State of Missouri, or the honorable gentleman
himself? Missouri thinks, and so does the whole
South, that her " true interests " would be sacri-
ficed by the creation of a free State on her west-
ern border. The " true interests" of the south- i
em States are identified with their " peculiar J
institutions." Whatever affects the one, reaches 1
the other; strike down the one, and the other falls i
also. .
There is another admission which the gentle-
man makes that is worthy of notice. It is nothing
ne%o to the country; but, heretofore, his party,
according to my recollection, has denied the
charge. He admits that men have been "sent"
by the North to establish "freedom " in Kansas.
The apologists of the emigrant aid society of
his State have contended that they only "aided"
honest emigrants in reaching that Territory, when
they desired, of their own accord, to go there and
make it their permanent homes. The gentleman,
however, now admits that men have been " sent"
there, and that too, for a purpose.
Again, he says the "North is determined to
send into Kansas her best men, with strong arms
and brave hearts, who will fearlessly rally around
the standard of freedom,'' &c. If the country is
involved in civil war over this Kansas question,
the responsibilities will rest upon the Abolition
or Black Republican party of the North. They
violated the principle of " non-intervention" con-
tained in the Nebwska act, and inaugurated the
system of sending men into Kansas to " establish
freedom," and exclude the South from her equal
rights in the common Territories of the Union.
And now, the gentleman rises in his place on
this floor and proclaims to the country that the
North (by which 1 suppose he means the Black
Republicans) is determined to tend her "best
men, with strong arms and brave hearts" to
defend the standard of "freedom" in Kansas.
Well, sir, I am glad you have informed us of that
fact. Forewarned, forearmed. If that is your
Flan of operations, then, in behalf of the South,
say, send on your " best men" and your " brave
hearts," they will find men as good, and hearts
as brave as theirs, to oppose them. Call in to j
your assistance the fanatical, clergymen of your !
party—men who put on the "livery of heaven to
serve the devil in"—convert the pulpit from its
holy purposes into a- political rostrum. Instead
of" Christ, and him crucified," let the " wrongs
of Kansas " be your theme. In the place of songs
and anthems to the most High, raise your voices
"in shrieks for freedom." Call together your
Beechers, and Sillimans, and Duttons, and reenact
the disgraceful scenes which were recently wit-
nessed in a church at New Haven. Where ever
I before, in the history of this country, was there
i collected together in a temple dedicated to the
worship of the living God, such a compound of
" black spirits and white, blue spirits and gray,"
as were there assembled ? It reminded me of the
infernal cave scene in Macbeth—with the boiling
caldron in the center—Dutton, Beecher, and Silli-
man, in imitation of the three witches, their
illustrious prototypes, threw in the "poisoned
entrails," and exclaimed—
" Double, double, toil and trouhle;
Fire burn, and caldron bubble
Instead of offering prayers to Heaven for the
temporal and spiritual welfare of the deluded vic-
tims whom they were sending to Kansas, we find
those fanatics offering them Sharpe's rifles, and
counseling them to engage in civil war and blood-
shed ! Go on, gentlemen, if you prefer it, in your
aggressive warfare on the constitutional rights of
the South. You are "sowing the wind"—beware,
lest you " reap the whirlwind ! "
' The extraordinary exertions made by Massachu-
settsandthe Black Republican party of the North,
I to rob the South of her equal rights in the Terri-
tories, has had one effect. You have thoroughly
aroused the southern States to a sense of their
danger. Y ou have caused them coolly to estimate
the value of the Union; and we are determined to
maintain our equality in it, or independence out of
it. Your course upon this Kansas question has
touched the heart and pride of the South. We
were content to let the Territory be peopled by
the natural laws of emigration. But you have
thought proper to interfere, and with arms in
hands threatened to monopolize the country; and
that, too, for the declared purpose of affecting
"injuriously," the peculiar institutions of the
South. In my section of the Union, the masses
of the people are not easily excited to enthusiasm
by any political questions. They are never car- i
ried away by those obnoxious " isms " of the day ,
which have sprung up under the fostering influ-
ence of the Abolition party. We do not dwell in
cities and towns as universally as you do in the
North. We are scattered over a vast extent of
fertile country; and, in the peaceful pursuits of
agriculture, are content, happy, and independent.
But, when once aroused by a sense of wrong and
oppression, the spirit of the South is invincible.
It follows wherever the voice of patriotism calls.
It is that spirit which has always led our armies
on to battle and to victory. Send on your'' brave
men" and "strong arms" to Kansas—whenever
yourhostile swords glisten in the sunbeams there,
you will find foemen worthy of your steel!
Mr. Chairman, I cannot dismiss the gentleman
from Massachusetts, without noticing another
portion of his speech. He said:
" I would inform the honorable gentieman [Mr. Oliver]
that there is another class of the preachers at the North,
who, I know, bow so low to the ' patriarchal institution,'
that they are ready to send their mothers into slavery at
the bidding of the slave power."
Now, sir, I deny the right of the gentleman to !
pronounce such a judgment upon those conserv-
ative preachers in the North, who entertain a !
high regard for the sanctity of the pulpit, and ;
who never have interfered with the consUtutional
rights of the South, nor undertaken to advise
Congress in the name of the Almighty himself.
But as the gentleman affirms that he " knows "
such cases, and seems to apeak from personal
acquaintance, I will make no issue of veracity
with him. Yet, sir, I will venture this assertion:
Let him point me out a preacher in his district—
a free white man—who is base enough to send his
own mother into slavery at the bidding of anybody,
and I will undertake to pronounce that man an
1 Abolitionist, and one, too, who belongs to that
( party in Massachusetts which is in favor of re-
ducing to a test the question as to the capacity of
the Caucasian to absorb the African race.
Gentlemen, this slavery question which the
fanatics of the North have forced upon the coun-
try,has now assumed a fearful aspect. The South
has planted itself where it intends to stand or fall,
Union or no Union, and that is, upon the plat-
form laid down by the Georgia convention. The
next presidential election will be decided upon a
sectional issue. The Black Republican party or the
national Democracy will make the President. What
is the " programme" of these misnamed Repub-
licans? The aged member from Ohio, who for
the last twenty years has acted as high priest in
the abolition church, and kept the fires blazing
on its altars, has boldly proclaimed it to the
world. He always expresses his sentiments
freely and fearlessly. That is one feature in his
political character which commands my respect.
But with him, as with the Corsair, it may be
only " one virtue linked with a thousand crimes."
Give me for an enemy a man who always openly
avows himself one. I know how to meet, and,
if it needs be, to fight him. But heaven save me
I from falling a victim to, the dagger of an assassin!
i What, then, sir, is that programme ? An ex-
\ pulsion of the South from all the common Territories
: of the Union; no more slave States to be admitted;
| and the repeal of the fugitive slave law.
I want these questions, sir, met fairly and
j squarely. [A Voice. "That is right—that is our
: platform."] Then stand up to your platform,
and let the country know where you are. We
tell you plainly that we take issue with you; and
whenever you repeal the fugitive slave law, or
refuse to admit a State on account of slavery in
her constitution, or our equality in the Territories
is sacrificed by an act of Congress, then the star
of this Union will go down to rise no more.
Should we be forced to dissolve the Union in
order to preserve southern institutions and south-
ern civilization, we will do it in peace, if we can;
in war, if we must; and let the God of battles
decide between us.
The shadows, sir, of the coming storm already
darken our pathway. It will soon be upon us
with all its fury. I regret that, in this critical
period of our country's history, those three great
men to whom we have been heretofore accus-
tomed to look in the hour of peril for counsel and
protection, are gone. They have made their last
speech—fought their last battle for the Constitu-
tion and the Union. Webster! the profound
lawyer; the elegant scholar; the statesman; the
man who was expelled by the citizens of Boston
from F aneuil Hall—the cradle of liberty—because
he dared stand up ifi the Senate Chamber on a
memorable occasion and speak " not as a Mas-
sachusetts man, not as a northern man, but as
an American"—Webster, the god-like in intel-
lect, where is he ? Go to Marsnfield, and in the
wild ocean's roar you may yet hear his requiem.
The clear, eloquent voice of the man of Ashland:—
which always neld captive those who came with-
in its magic influence—will never again be heard
in the Halls of Congress tendering the olive branch
between the contending sections of the Union.
And when we cast our eyes to the extreme South,
we look in vain for that star of the first magni-
tude which for nearly half a century had no rival
in that political firmament. The beautiful pal-
metto now casts its shade upon the grave of the
great Calhoun. In life, he was a tower of strength,
not only to the South, but to the Union itself.
Gifted with the spirit of prophecy, he looked far
into the future, and told us of the events now
transpiring around us. His political platform
was the Constitution of his country strictly con-
strued. In debate he wielded a flaming sword in
defense of the rights of the States against Federal
usurpation. Some there were, I know, who, un-
able to fathom his patriotism, and comprehend
his motives, were accustomed to denounce him as
an«' alarmist," an " abstractionist," a " disunion-
