1184
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 7,
the appropriation for the water-works. The items
upon which the disagreement occurred involved
#§,000,000.
Mr. PHELPS. No, sir; not that amount.
Mr. STANTON. The Army appropriation
was for 800,000, and the water-works $300,000.
Mr. PHELPS. If the gentleman will allow
me, I will correct him. There is not an appro-
priation of $1,800,000 for the Army in respect to
which the two Houses have disagreed. The
House concurred in one item of $400,000.
Mr. STANTON. The gentleman states cor-
rectly; I stated the whole appropriation placed
by the Senate in the bill for this purpose in round
numbers. But, sir, the committee disagreed in
respect to these two subjects of appropriation. In
relation to the Army appropriation, the majority
of the House committee took the position, that
there has not been such an account given of the
expenditure of the original annual appropriation
for the supplies anfil transportation of the Army
as makes it the duty of the House to vote this
amount as a deficiency for that branch of the
public service. That is one point.
The other point is, that this House holds itself
not bound—the public interest does not demand
the expenditure of $5,000,000, or #10,000,000,
for supplying the city of Washington, or the
public buildings and grounds, with water. For
myself, I am now prepared to take the responsi-
bility of recording my vote in favor of adhering
to both the positions which the House committee
have taken, and to lose the bill unless the Senate
choose to recede from its amendments. I have no
hesitation^ difficulty about the matter. My own
opinion is", that this House would fall short of its
duty if any other course were pursued.
Mr. Speaker, this question of deficiencies has
become of too much magnitude to be disposed of
hastily, or slurred over without full and mature
deliberation. It is an evil which threatens to
throw into the hands of the Executive all the
powers of this Government. If Congress sanc-
tion the practice of holding itself bound to re-
spond to every demand of the Executive for addi-
tional appropriations beyond what has been
originally estimated for as necessary to carry on
the Government, without calling for a rigid ex-
hibit of the manner in which the expenditures have
been made, then we yield up our power over the
public purse, and our check on the Executive
Department. I have taken some pains to look up
the origin of deficiency appropriations—where
thtry commenced, and how they have progressed.
The first deficiency bill of any magnitude which
passed this House was passed by the first Con-
gress under Mr. Tyler's administration. In 1833
n deficiency bill was passed which appropriated
less than $100,000 to supply deficiencies in the
regular appropriations for the judicial expenses
of the Government. Unexpected litigations had
Sprung up in the courts of the United States, and
the judicial fund had become exhausted, and ap-
propriations were made to supply deficiencies in
the fund to pay expenses for the current year.
In 1842 this state of things occurred. I am sorry
that I have not,the title to the statute, that Imay
read it to the House. The Congress which met
in December, 1840, failed to make the appropria-
tions which were absolutely necessary to carry
on the administration of the Government under
the incoming Administration. Jt was at the last
session of the last Congress under Mr. Van
Buren's administration. The business of the
Departments was in arrears. It became neces-
sary for the discharge of the duties of the execu-
tive department to appoint additional clerks.
Q,uite a large number were appointed during
the recess of Congress. When Congress met,
for the purpose of meeting the expenses con-
sequent on the appointment of those additional
clerks, a bill was passed for that purpose—not a
bill nominally to supply deficiencies, but " An
act legalizing and making appropriations for such
necessary objects as have been usually included
in the general appropriation bills without author-
ity of law, and to fix and provide for certain inci-
dental expenses of the Departments, and offices
of the Government, and for other purposes." It
appropriated somewhere about $100,000. From
that time the system has been going on increas-
ing year by year. The first session of the sec-
ond Congress of Mr. Fillmore's administration
passed a deficiency bill appropriating between
four and five millions ^ of dollars. There has
not been so large a bill passed since that time.
The one now the matter of debate appropriates
about $2,000,000. Each succeeding Congress
has gone on increasing the amounts of deficiency
bills.
Mr. Speaker, my point is, that it is the duty of
this House, as the custodian of the public purse,
when the Executive comes here to ask for appro-
priations to supply deficiencies, to see whether
the money regularly appropriated has been hon-
estly expended, or whether there are in the public
service any agents who have dishonestly squan-
dered the public funds. If there be any such,
we should demand their dismissal before we vote
any more money to go into their hands for dis-
bursements. We ought not to place money in the
hands of agents in whose integrity we have no
confidence. I know of no other rule on which
we can safely act. Is it claimed that it is the
duty of this House to place in the hands of agents
for disbursement any of the public moneys when
those agents have improperly and unjustly ap-
plied it to purposes different from those provided
for by law—when they have unqualifiedly, and
without rendering any account of it, applied the
public money to their own use? Can it be claimed,
when they have so acted, that we shall continue
to place money in their hands, to be disbursed in
the same dishonest manner? I deny that we
should do so. I hold that, when a deficiency of
this description is asked for, it is our duty to call
on the Executive for an exhibit of the particular
manner in which the expenditures have been
made. One million two hundred thousand dol-
lars was appropriated for Army transportation.
We are now asked to supply a deficiency of
#1,000,000. I hokl that it is the duty of the Exec-
utive to furnish us with a bill of particulars. He
should tell us at what place and in what manner
this thousand dollars, and atrwhat place and in
what manner that thousand dollars was expended.
We should have the means of knowing whether
or not*there has been extravagance on the part of
the executive department. We ought to know
whether or not the persons in whose hands public
moneys have been placed lor disbursement have
accounted for those moneys. Lot us know some-
thmgof the matter. Gentlemen say not so. They
say that the President wants the money.
Mr. CLJIYGMAN. Has the gentleman, or the
committee of conference, called on the Department
for the information to which ho refers?
Mr. STANTON. No, sir; we stood on our
dignity and that of the House. My point is, that
when we have made a regular annual appropria-
tion, on estimates from the Departments, and it
falls short of the expenses, then the burden of
proof is on those Executive Departments, to show
the cause of the deficiencies and the necessity for
additional appropriations. I hold that it would
be beneath us—that it would be a condescension
on our part to go begging to the Executive for
information in order to know whether we may or
not allow a certain appropriation. He is de-
pendent on us for this money; and if he wants it
lie should make an exhibit of how the money
before appropriated was expended, and of the ne-
cessity for additional appropriation.
Amongst others is the deficiency in the judi-
ciary appropriations. I call the attention of the
House to it, and particularly to the letter of the
Comptroller of the Treasury, which I send to the
Clerk's desk.
The Clerk then read a portion of the follow-
ing letter, Mr. Stanton stating that he would
have the whole of it inserted in the report of his
remarks:
Treasury Department,
Comptroller's Office, March 21, 1856.
Sir: Your favor of this date, inviting my attention to
a debate in the Senate yesterday, as reported" in the Daily
Globe, is received. The debate was on your estimate to
supply deficiencies m the appiopriation forjudicial expenses
for the prrsent fiscal year, accompanied by your letter of
the 18th instant.
The reason suggested by you m regard to the increase
of the expenses oj court-1, are sustained by the tacts.
Other cashes exist, that are tiaeed to disiegaiding the
spirit and intention, if not the letter, of laws conferring
power or discretion.
One judge of a distnct court of the United States keeps
open the distnct and cucuit court neatly the whole year.
For the half \ear ending June 30, 1S55, the district court
was open one hundred and fifty-three days. During that
time the grand jury was in^es&ion four days, and petit jury-
ten days.
During the same half year, the circuit court in the same
district was open one hundred and thirty-four days. There
was no grand jury, and the petit jury was in session five
days. The circuit judge was present sixteen days.
Copies of the journals will best exhibit the proceedings of
these courts; but they cannot be embraced conveniently
within the compass of a letter.
No doubt the eircuit judge performed Ms whole duty to
the public, and to the individuals whose interests or rights
were concerned m the sessions of the circuit court.
The officers of each court having no control over the
district judge claim per diem compensation for the le-
spective periods the courts were in session, subject to the
restrictions imposed by law, when both courts are m session
on the same day.
In the account of a Marshal.—It appears, in the account
of a marshal, that complaint was made on the 9th of July,
1855, against twenty-one persons for having violated the
neutrality laws of the United States. The aceu&ed were
arrested and brought before a commissioner o£ the United
States on the 10th. The marshal charges for his own ser-
vices, and for the services of two assistants, twenty-eight
days each, at two dollars each per day, for eudoavoung to
arrest said persons, $168.
Witnesses.—Forty-one witnesses were summoned in six
criminal cases, on hearing five days. Thiity-two of these
witnesses, in the six cases, received $9 per day each, for
five days—amounting to $45 for each witness; and for the
thirty-two witnesses, five days  $1,440 (X)
The other nine witnesses were examined in
five of the cases, and received $7 50 each per
day, or for the five days, $37 50 each  337 50
Forty-one witnesses, five days  1,777 50
Ten of the aecused were witnesses in five of the cases,
five days each, at §7 50 per day—§375.
It appeals that one of the accused was a witness in his
own ca^e.
The commissioner taxed the cost, and certified to the cor-
rei-tnes-s of the amount allowed.
Two witnesses, residing ui the same city where the trials
were had, appeared in twenty-three or twenty-four cases;
and one was allowed mileage from different parts of the
United States for traveling seven thousand five hundred
and seventy miles, and the other for traveling six thousand
and ninety-one miles.
The accounts of marshals, clerks, district attorneys, and
commissioners, are verified by the oath of each officer—
(vol. 10, page 168.)
J n cases where the United States are parties, the mar-
shals p.xyjurora and witnesses on the order of the cucuit
oi distnct court, entered upon its minutes—(vol. 10, p. 68.)
The judges do not certify the accounts of the judiciaiofii-
ceis, under the act of Febiuary 26,1853. Their ceitificates
were never deemed to he conclusive, for the reasons re-
ten I'd lo by Mi. Justice Woodbury m the case of the United
States vs. late Marshal Smith.
Jl District .Atlorncy—lie charges as follows for twenty-
two indictments against one person for forging bounty land
papeis: In twenty of them for jury trials, $1,000 ; for two
vcidicth of not guilty, $40.
For twenty-three indictments against the same person for
post office lohbery, and for a juiy trial in each case, $50,
.*1,150.
For eleven indictments against A Si and others, for vio-
lating the neutiality laws.
Foi twenty-three indictments airamst the said A B alone,
on the Mine chaige, making thirty-four m all. for which he
charges in eaehe<ise&50 tor jurvtual, amounting to $1,700.
For aigunig motion for a new tnal, $10 in "each case,
amounting to *j340.
A letter was -wiitten to hun for infoimation as to the
actual number of jury trials. He declines to give it.
Proceedings in the above cases are suspended for ex-
planations, and it will give me great pleasure to have them
satisfactory. •
The accounts of judicial officers are first examined and
reported to tins office by tlte First Auditor, where they are
examined, suspended, or disallowed in whole or in part;
and, so far as they arc legal, they are repoited for payment,
and when the officer has received money in advance the
balance is carried to ins credit.
The force in this office on this class of accounts, consid-
ering the increase of business, is wholly inadequate, and I
understand such is the fact in the oftce of the First Audi-
tor.
These public accounts, so far as I have offi cial experience,
are the most difficult to settle; and the accounting officers
ate in almost continued conflict with the judicial officers in
portions of the United States in regard to them, when in
other sections general satisfaction is given.
It is not, however, that illegal charges have been sanc-
tioned, to the injury of the Treasury; but such is the array
of inteiest, talent, and influence, that the accounting offi-
ceis should have time, with an adequate force for deliberate
examination and action.
The expense of criminal complaints before commissioners
in the. large cities is alarmingly increasing, and may need
legislative correction. Efficient aid from the district attor-
neys should be expected. If some measures are riot taken
to correct abuses, the confidence of the people m the judi-
cial y will necessarily be lessened.
The accounting offieeis cannot be expected to control the
abuse of cxeicising discretionary powers in cases not appa-
rently flasriant.
Most respectfully yours,
ELISHA WHITTLESEY.
Hon. Robert McOt.eij.Secretary of the Interior.
I happen to know what marshal it is whose
accounts arc now in that condition, and he is in
office yet, and he is the gentleman into whose
hands will pass, for disbursement, the deficiency
which we are asked to appropriate under the
head of judicial appropriations.
Now, sir, I hold that we ought not to appro-
priate one dollar until that gentleman goes out
of office, and somebody else is put in his placc io
