1856.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
409
the matter by adding thirty-odd young and vigor-
ous commanders to the list, in order, I suppose,
to help them to do nothing. This seems to me
to be the result; turning out the old veteran cap-
tains does not give us any more ships—therefore
no more commands. It seems we had above thir-
ty captains efficient to do all their duties " afloat
and ashore," these are about three times as many
as we can employ afloat. I do not, therefore,
very cleaily see how the matter is to be mended
by adding forty vigorous young commanders to
the list. But he tells us that, under the present
oiganization, it is not probable that you can geta
rnpfam until he is at least seventy-four. Here
lies, I fear, the true difficulty in the case—an im-
patience for promotion. Stewart and Jones and
Smith and other distinguished officers, who have
won honor at the cannon's mouth, and give glory
and honor to the Navy and the country, arc to
be set aside, not because there is work to be done
for which they arc unfit, but because younger
officers want their commissions. Death deals too
gently by the gallant old tars, and a Navy board
is invented to chide his tardiness. The whole
scheme works wrong and injustice to gallant men,
and does injury, and not good, to the public ser-
vice. We arc now reaping the first installment
of its fruits—strifes, discords, and demoralization.
I can icil the gentleman another thing. Sea
service was not the rule, cither of retaining or
excluding officers from the Navy; if it had been,
some of the officers on the board would have had
to give up their places to some of those whom
they excluded. There seems to have been no
rule but the pleasure of the board. If the rule
had been laid down, that the home of the officer
should be " 011 the mountain wave," you would
have made an inconvenient test for some of the
judges themselves.
Gentlemen say there is no dishonor attached
to retirement. Well, sir, I admit that the retire-
ment of a man really inefficient—as the law in-
tended—is not dishonorable, but it is honorable
to him and to the country. But, sir, to retire one
efficient officer is dishonorable. That is the very
question we have before the Senate. Gentlemen
cannot escape it. They confine their arguments
tQ those who have be.cn retired for incompetency.
No one complains of those cases.
Sir, we are told that wc have the sympathy of
the Secretary of the Navy for cases of injustice.
Let me tell gentlemen that the sympathy of the
Secretary of the Navy is not what those fifty men
who have been stricken from the Navy desire.
They do not want sympathy. They demand the
justice of their country; and I stand here this dny
to require it, and 1 will continue to demand it as
long as I have the constitutional right to do so on
this floor. We have a list of over fifty officers
who have been stricken from the Navy on the
allegation that they are inefficient, and that their
inefficiency has resulted from their misfortunes,
perhaps their fault, peihups their crimes. Ac-
cording to an interpolation of the law by the
Secretary of the Navy, some of them may have
been dismissed for moral incompetency. Rumor
aggravates the sufferings of these men. It may be
said one man has been stricken off for smuggling,
another for theft, another for some other infamous
crime, and the members of this board, except
two or three of them, steadily refuse to give to
these men a reason why any of them have been
stricken off. The innocent arc confouuded with
the guilty. When an honorable man comes and
asks to know the reason why he has been dis-
missed, that his character may not suffer from
suspicion, no reply is made to him, and he is left
to suffer under this indiscriminate condemna-
tion .
We have had promises of reasons from time to
time, but now I demand that this board shall
speak, i say that any man who is put into a
crowd of supposed convicts and criminals has a
right to have himself exempted, if his conduct
deserves it. I charge this board with being the
authors of this insufferable wrong. They alone
can remedy it. They ought to tell them the rea-
sons, in every case demanded, at every hazard.
Rather than put those honorable men, who have
fought under the flag of my country, and won
honor for themselves and for the Union, into this
mass of criminals and convicts—rather than do
this deed, so revolting to honor, justice, and hu-
manity, I would prefer to see every ship in your
Navy towed out into the broad Atlantic, and,
with their flags nailed to their masts, and with
every sail set, given "to the god of winds, the
lightning, and gale." [Applause in the galle-
ries.]
I demand for these men that you will tell the
reason why they have been dismissed. The res-
olution before the Senate demands of that board
to tell the reason. It is the right of those officers
to ask it. It is our right to require it. It is the
duty of the board to tell it. It is djue to justice.
It must come—it will come. The voice of justice
of this great people will so ring in the ears of those
who would cover up this mighty wrong, that they
will burst open the doors of the dark chambers
in which have been immolated the honor of some
of the bravest and best men in the Republic.
Mr. BUTLER 1 understand from my friend
from Virginia [Mr. Mason] that he wishes an
executive session. Ami right in that?
Mr. MASON. Yes, sir.
Mr. BUTLER. It is my purpose to submit
a few remarks—not many—on this subject, to
which, perhaps, I am related in a way which
imposes it upon me as a duty, which I shall
endeavor to discharge; though I must say that
I have been so far anticipated by some of my
friends who have preceded me, that I shall avail
myself very freely of the arguments which have
been used before. However, as I have had com-
mitted to me memorials of respectable constitu-
ents and friends, I should not do my duty to
myself or them ifl wore not to say something on
the subject. I therefore ask that it be postponed
until to-morrow.
The motion to postpone was agreed to.
EXECUTIVE SESSION. -
On motion by Mr. MASON, the Semiie pro-
ceeded to the consideration of executive business;
and after some time spent therein, the doors
were reopened, and the Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Wednesday, February 13, 1856.
The House met at twelve o'clock, m. Prayer
by Rev. Mr. Ritchie.
The Journal of yesterday was road and approved.
The SPEAKER announced the business first
in order to be the election of public printer.
WITHDRAWAL OF A PAPER.
Mr. BROOM. I ask the consent of the House
to withdraw from the files of the House the peti-
tion and papers m the case of Elizabeth Mont-
gomery, for the purpose of having them presented
at the Court of Claims.
Mr. HAVEN. I would inquire what is the
nature of that petition ? is it a money claim ?
Mr. BROOM. It is a money claim; it is for
property taken during the revolutionary war.
Mr. HAVEN. Then I have no objection.
There being no objection, leave was accord-
ingly granted.
RETURN OF PAPERS FROM THE COURT OF
CLAIMS.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. I have a reso-
lution to which, I presume, there will be no ob-
jection. I ask that it may be read for informa-
tion.
The resolution was read, as follows:
Revolved) Tliaf the Ci^s k of this IIou*>e caiw the petition
and paper* of Dame! Window, referred to the Conit of
Chums under the general order of the ia>t House of Repre-
seniaUves. to be letuined to this House, tlio samo not in-
volving any question of appiopnuiion of money from the
Treasury oV pavment by the Government, and not being a
proper subject lor the cognizance ot said Court ot Claims.
Mr. LETCHER. What is the nature of that
claim ?
Mr. WASHBURN. It is merely a request for
the return of a paper.
Mr. LETCHER. I understand that; but I
want to know what is the nature of the claim to
which the paper relates, before I give my consent
to its withdrawal.
Mr. WASHBURN. I cannot say, precisely.
The reason for asking the return is, that it is not
a subject that properly comes under the jurisdic-
tion of the Court of Claims.
Mr. LETCHER. I object.
Mr. WASHBURN. 1 think the gentleman
from Virginia does not understand the nature of
the request, or he would not object.
Mr. McMULLIN. I call.for the regular order
of business.
Mr. WASHBURN. I appeal, to the gentle-
man from Virginia to withdraw his objection.
Mr. LETCHER. TiVell, then, let us know the
nature of the claim. How came it before the
Court of Claims, if it does not belong there?
Mr. WASHBURN. It was referred there
under the general order of the House, made at
the close of the last Congress. I understand tha.t
it is a matter that does not involve the appropri-
ation of any money, nor the payment of any
money out of the Treasury. It is, however, a
matter that does not come appropriately under
the cognizance of the Court of Claims, and is a
proper subject for the action of Congress. I
therefore ask that the papers may be returned to
the House.
.Mr. LETCHER. But I want to know the
nature of the case; I object to this acting in the
dark.
Mr. WASHBURN. I cannot state, precisely,
what is the nature of the case. I can assure the
House that it is not a matter about which any
difficulty can be raised. The case never should
have gone to the Court of Claims at all.
Mr. LETCHER. I will withdraw my objec-
tion.
Mr. WRIGHT, of Tennessee. I desire to
withdraw the resolution offered by me yesterday.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio. I ask the con-
sent of the House to take up the Senate resolu-
tion for the relief of the poor of this city.
Mr.KEITT. I object.
Mr. McMULLIN. I call for the regular order
of business.
Mr. HARLAN. I desire to place in nomina-
tion for the office of public printer, Joseph J.
Coombs, of Gallatin county, Ohio.
Mr. BENSON. I ask the unanimous consent
of the House to introduce a resolution, which I
send to the Clerk's desk. I trust there will be no
objection. I ask that it may be read for inform-
ation.
The resolution was read, as follows:
Resolved, That the Supeiintendont of Public Printing be
dneeted to dehvei to the Commissioner of Patents the two
punts of f-hoi t-hoi ued cattle accompanying the Agricultural
Repoit of foi the use of the House.
Mr. HOUSTON. I think it is of much more
importance that the President's message should
be taken up and printed, so that Congress may
be prepared to act upon it. I object to any busi-
ness out of order until that is done.
Mr. BENSON. I hope the gentleman from
Alabama will withdraw his objection.
Mr. HOUSTON. I respectfully decline to with-
draw. I have made propositions lepcatedly to
have the President's message and accompanying
documents printed—a matter that is essential to
the progress of the business of the session; and
they have been objected to by gentlemen on the
other side of the House. I object until that is
done.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio. I understand the
objection to taking up the Senate resolution for
the relief of the poor is withdrawn.
Mr. KEITT. I will withdraw my objection.
Mr. McMULLIN. I object, and call for the
regular order of business.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I hope the gentleman will
withdraw.
Mr. McMULLIN. I do not withdraw.
VOTE FOR PRINTER.
The House proceeded to vote viva voce the tenth
time for printer of the House, with the following
result: Whole number of votes cast, 160; neces-
sary to a choice, 81; of which—
CornelWendell lecerved... 73
Oicin Follett 36
John D. Detree* 12
Joseph J. Coombs    9
Nathan Seigeant  8
Robert Fatnhnm,  8
J. WaNon Webb  5
Ldwaid Morns  4
A. D. Banks 9
A. Mcintosh   2
George Knapp      *
So there was no choice.
The following is the vote in detail:
For Mr. Wendell—Messrs. Aiken, Allen, Barksdalc, Bell,
H end ley S. Bennett, Boeock, Bowie, Boyee, Bianeh,
Brooks, Burnett, Ciiruthers, Bayard Clark, fllmgman,
Williamson R. W. Cobb, Cox, Craige, Crawford, Davidson,
Dowdell, Edmundsofl, Elliott, English, ISustts, Evans,
Faulkner, Floicuce, Foster, Ti^mas J. D. Fuller, Goode,
