2010
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
August 9,
principles. I shall wait ami see who the Democratic party
will present to us, and what pimciples they proclaim.
When the candidates are ail before us, I will cast my vote
for that man and with tiiat party which 1 think most likely
to protect the Constitution, preserve the Union, and drive
back tiie liorde of northern Vandals who seek to usurp our
right*, and finally to possess themselves of the citadel of
liberty. For the present I have but one political ambition—
but one active, absorbing, political principle : ambitious to
be an humble agent in preserving our rights, protecting our
honors, and forever crushing out and annihilating these
disturbers of the peace, invaders of our rights, and traitors
to the Constitution ; to be one of the humblest in the ac-
complishment of this, is all 1 ask—it would be glory enough
for me."
I now propose to redeem that pledge, as far as
I may, trusting that the results will inure to the
honor of our country, to its pcacc, safety, and
prosperity.
Never, since the formation of this Government,
have we witnessed such a state of political affairs
as now exists. Never was there a period in the
history of this Government which more imperi-
ously demanded the exercise of a cool and dis-
passionate judgment, than the present. Never
were our institutions surrounded with more diffi-
culties. Never was there a crisis so full of danger,
demanding the exercise of a larger or purer patri-
otism than the present.
Since the inauguration of this great experiment
of self-government, we have been called to pass
through many trying scenes—trials that filled the
heart of the patriot with emotions of the deepest
solicitude for the safety of the country, and the
success of this greatest, and it may be, last effort I
for the establishmentof a Government predicated |
upon the will of the people, subject to the require-
ments of the Constitution and laws of their own
creation. Amidst these trials, the hearts of the !
stoutest have sometimes sunk within them, and
neives hitherto unstrung have trembled for the
safety of the country.
But, thank* to a kind, bencficent Providence—
thanks to the self-sacrificing patriotism of our
ancestors, we have passed these fearful trials,
and tee yet live. We are now surrounded with
difficulties far greater, far more portentous, than
our fathers were ever called to meet. Will that
same kind Providence preside over us, to direct
and preserve us ? Will the same spirit of conces-
sion, of patriotism, and devotion to the country,
mark our present course and efforts, as illustrated
those of our fathers? This is a momentous
question, submitted to each and all of us, to every
patriot, to every one who loves his country more
than party or self. On the solution of this ques-
tion hangs tile last hope of fm-dom. All the great
and happy results that ou^ht to flow from the I
labor, toils, and anxieties of our fathers, are sus- j
pended on the decision we are called to make.
That the dangers that surround us are im- '
minent cannot be disguised. In view of these!
dangers the question is, how shall we avert them •,
how shall we dissipate the gathering storm; how j
restore pence toa distincted countiy, and concord ;
and brotherly love between members of thisgreat .
family of States and individuals > This is a field |
that invokes the energies of the wisest and best. 1
This w a cause invoking the efforts of the highest j
and purest patriotism. Although the signs are
portentous of evil, although the clouds are dark
and gatheiing swiftly, although the hope of the
patriot maysink within him, all seeming dark and
gloomy, and the way of escape not clearly dis- j
ceimble, yet 1 do not despair. 1 will " hope on, J
hope ever." I will hope against hope—hope to ]
the last. I
I put my trust in the same Providence—in that !
same patriotism that has lesrued us heretofore, \
and hope that 1 shall yet see the clouds and dark-
ness that now overshadow our political heavens '
dispelled, and the sun, the bright sun of peace, ;
concord, and brotherly io\c, dispelling the gloom
and shcddmgitsrays of hope, and confidence, and !
love throughout the land, filling the hearts of all '
wiih gratitude and joy. I
To accomplish so great a result requires the ;
efforts of every patriot. How shall this be ac- J
comphshed 5 This is the great question to which
I would address myself to-day.
Never, since our national existence, have we '
Witnessed so strange a condition of things as is ■
now presented to oui minds. We are on the i
eve of another presidential election,and each and
all of us are required to take our position, and !
play our pau in the coming contest. There are i
tnree regularly nominated candidates in the field, !
from whom an election is to be made, to fill the
chief executive office of the Government. Who
are they ? What are they? What do they pro-
fess? I propose briefly, Mr. President, to inquire
into these three questions. It is known to you,
sir, that I do not belong to either of these parties
or political organizations; and the question pro-
pounded to himself by the great statesman of
Massachusetts, on an occasion of similar diffi-
culty, has a thousand times presented itself to
my mind—"Where shall I go?"
"Belonging to neither of these parties, never ex-
pecting to belong to either of them, I might, yield-
ing to the council of my feelings, stand off as a
silent spectator, and such would certainly be my
course if thero was nothing more involved in the
contest than thetrmmph of one partyoranother—
a mere struggle for power and place. But believ-
ing that there arc questions involved, of vital
importance to the preservation of the Constitution
and perpetuity of the Union, 1 am constrained by
considerations of duty and patriotism to waive
the suggestions of my feelings, and bear my part
in this contest, in such manner as in my judgment
will best promote the peace of the country, pre-
serve its honor, and perpetuate our institutions.
I cannot be indifferent if I would, and would not
if I could. There is too much involved in the
struggle—interests too holy to be disregarded or
treated with indifference.
I have said that there are three candidates pre-
sented to the country; one of whom, unless there
shall be a departure from the contemplations of
the Constitution, must be called to preside over
the destinies of the country. I have asked who
ai e they, what are they, and what do they profess?
Taking them in the order in which they stand, of
seniority, I may ask, first, who is James Buch-
anan ' It is not necessary for me to stop to inquire
into the personal history and character of Mr.
Buchanan. He has been identified with the his-
tory of this countiy for almost half a century.
Ills public acts are known toall men. Whatever
he is, whatever he has been, is matter of record.
With him, as James Buchanan, therefore, I have
nothing to do; but he is the candidate of the Dem-
ocratic party, he has been selected by their con-
vention as their standard-bearer, and is presumed
to be the exponent of their principles. I proceed
to inquire what those principles are.
The Democratic party have given to us and to
the world a platform of principles. I have no
great confidence in platforms. 1 think that, gen-
eially, they are cunningly-devised schemes of
modem invention, intended to catch votes and to
gull the people. They are admirably adapted for
a presidential canvass—very good for the candi-
dates to run by and swear by; but often very
easily forgotten after the election. Kor this reason
I confess that, generally, I have but little confi-
dence in platforms. 1 prefer to judge of the men
who profess to stand upon them, rather than to
inquire particularly into the creed they proclaim.
Inasmuch, however, as the various candidates
have been placed upon then platforms, it is but
just to them—it is but just to the parties which
have presented them, that we should presume, at
least, that it is their honest purpose to stand upon
them, and to observe them. I desire, very briefly,
to inquire into thesi> platforms m order that I
may satisfy my constituents and my country
that 1 have not been guided by passion or preju-
dice m the conclusions at which I have arrived.
The Democratic Convention, which assembled
at Cincinnati, presented to tiie country it platform
of principles. They reimlorsed the plaiform ofj
ly52, filled very much with truisms that nobody '
ever controverted, or ever will controvert; hut
they were intended to ha\e their effect on the
popular mind. With all that I have nothing to
do. I examined that platform in other days
which are passed and gone. Ail that it is neces-
saiy for me now to say is, that 1 dissent much
from it; but upon the mam point m that platform,
it had then, as it has now, my concurrence, be-
cause it was identical in fact, m essence, and in
substance, with the platiorm of tin-* party to wh ich
I then belonged, to which I now belong, and to
which 1 intend to belong as long as I belong to
anything—the old Whii> party. Upon the great
vital question of the rights of the South and the
equality of the States, or, in other woids, the
great question of slavery, the Democratic and
Whig platforms of 1852 were identical in every ,
essential. It is not necessary, therefore, for me
to consider that large portion of the Cincinnati
platform which is simply a reiteration of that of
1852. Some additions, however, have been
made to it. Going on with the tide of time, and
the progress of the age m which we live, the
Democratic party have felt it to be their duty to
make additions to their old platform; and it is to
these additions that 1 now desire to call the at-
tention of the Senate and the country. The first
to which I direct your notice is in the following
words:
" Resolved, That the foundation of this union of States
having been laid in, and its piosperity, expansion, and pre-
eminent example in free government, built upon entire
freedom in matters of religious concernment, and no re-
spect of person in regard to rank or place of birth; no party
can justly be deemed national, constitutional, or m aceoid-
ance with American principles., which bases its exclusive
organization upon religious opinions and accidental birth-
place. And hence a political crw ade in the nineteenth
century, and in the United States of America, against
Catholic and foreign-born, is neither justified by the past
history or the future pi o^pects of the countryjnoi m um on
with the -pint of toleration and enlaiged freedom which
peculiarly distinguishes the American system of popular
government."
This resolution asserts a principle which, in
my judgment, must commend itself to the heart
of every patriot. It asserts the great principle of
univeisal freedom of conscience in matters of
religion, and that there shall be no proscription
Fredicated upon a man's birthplace or religion.
do not pretend to say that any person whatever
is amenable to the charge of interfering with
these sacred rights. I am not here to assail or to
denounce, but to approve and condemn; and, as
this resolution finds a response in my heart, I
readily yield to it the suggestion which that
response lequires. I maintain the position here,
and can maintain it elsewhere, that, whatever
gentlemen may profess—whatever articles they
may insert in their creed, if there be any Amen-
can nationality, if there be an American Consti-
tution broad enough to shield every American
citizen wherever he may be, at home or abroad,
upon the land or the sea, this resolution will stand
the test of time.
I come, Mr. President, to consider the next
resolution in this addenda to the Democratic plat-
form—this codicil to their old will and testament.
It is in the following words:
ik Resolved, That claiming fellowship with, and desiring
the coopeiation of, ai! who regard the preservation of the
Union under the Constitution as the paramount issue, and
repudiating ail sectional parties and platforms concerning
domestic slaveiy, which seek to embroil the States and
incite to ticabon and aimed icsistance to law in the Ter-
ritories, and whose avowed purposes, if consummated,
must end in civil war and disunion ; the American Democ-
racy recognize and adopt the punciples contained in the
oi game laws establishing the Territories of Kansas and
Nebtaska, as embodying the only sound and safe solution
ot the ' slavery question,' upon which the great national
idea of the people of this whole countiy can lepobe in its
detei mined conservatism of the Union—non-jntrrierknce
B\ ('ovirkss with SliAVERY in STATE AND TERRITORY,
or in iiik District of Columbia."
In this resolution, in my humble judgment, is
comprised the whole issue now before the coun-
try. I am called on either to affirm this resolu-
tion or to enter my protest against it. What
does it propose ? It asserts the great doctrine of
the equality of the States. Is there an American
Senator here who will assume or pretend to main-
tain for a single moment that the equality of the
States is not right beyond controversy "and dis-
pute? This resolution goes further, and asserts
the principles contained in the Kansas-Nebraska
bill. What are those principles ? It is not neces-
sary for me to attempt to enlighten Senators on
that point. They are known and read of all men,
but 1 am not left to conjecture and to construction
as to whether squatter sovereignty is in it. I
come to the resolution itself, and I find there the
construction given by the Democratic party to
be this " non-interference, by Congrees, with
slavery in the States and Territories, or in the
District of Columbia."
The attempt being made before the country to-
day is to assert and maintain that Congress has
jurisdiction over the question of slavery, not only
in the Territories but in the District of Columbia.
I maintain that they have no such jurisdiction.
Is there a southern man here—is there a constitu-
tional man here—is there a national man here who
will maintain that Congress has the power to
abolish slavery in the District of Columbia? I
know there ara those upon the floor of the
