THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN C. RIVES, WASHINGTON, D. C.
Thirty-Fourth Congress, 1st Session.
FRIDAY, MAY 9, 1856.
New Series No. 72.
Now, sir, in relation to the Army appropria-
tion, what arc the facts? The Secretary of War
made out tiie estimates for the support of the
Army; and since then Congress has gone on to
enlarge the Army. Circumstances, too, have
occurred, over which that, officer and the Govern-
ment had no control, to increase the expenses of
the Army. I have not the documents before me;
but we had them before us in the committee of
conference. They show that the transport of
your munitions of war, your Army, &c.,&c.,
has involved a very heavy expense, for which the
Secretary of War is not to be held responsible.
If you look at the report of the Secretary of
War, you will find that the gentleman from Ohio
is not warranted in charging that officer with this
gross dereliction of duty. It may be that there
have been some loose or careless expenditures in
the War Department. Jf that be so—if the offi-
cers of the Army have been derelict in the per-
formance of their duty—let them be airaigned
before a court-martial.
But I desire next to call the attention of the
House to the most remarkable portion of the re-
marks of the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Stan-
tont,] in reference to the expenditures of the
judiciary department. The gentleman read to
the House that portion of the letter of the Secre-
tary of the Interior which suited his purpose,
leaving out of view the most important portion
of the letter. a
Mr. STANTON. I stated that I did not ha™
the whole letterread, to save time. I have handed
the whole letter to the reporter, and it will be
published with my remarks.
Mr. McMULLIN. The gentleman did not
read the letter, to save time; yet, sir, by not
having it read he does great injustice to the House
and to these officers of the Government. I ask
the Clerk to read the letters of the Secretary, to
show how these expenses in the judiciary depart-
ment have occurred.
The following letters were read by the Clerk:
Department ok the If* ri--rior, March 25, 1856.
Sir : I have the lienor to inclose to j on herewith a copy
of a letter addressed on the 18th instant by thisDepaitment
to the chairman of the Finance Committee of tlte Senate,
applying linn of a deficiency in the appropnation f<>i the
judicial exoensesof the piesent fiscal year, and asking that
provifion be made therefor, in the deficiency bill winch had
then pa-^ed the Ilou-^e of Kvpie^'niativos, to the extent of
$200,000; and aNo, that the estimates heiotofore submitted
for the service of the next fiscal year be increased from
eight to ten hundred tlious-and dollars.
i also bog leave respectfully to lay before your commit-
tee copies of coue-pondenee between this Department ami
the First Comptroller of the Treasury, dated'21>t instant, in
refeience to this subject, disclosing the causes which have
produced the state of thing# now existing, and showing the
necessity of further legislation byCongiess, to enable the
Depaitment to correct the abuses practiced under the pres-
ent system.
Vety respectfully, your obedient servant,
R. jVIcCLELLAND, Secretary.
Hon. Lewis D. Campbell, Chairman of the Committee of
Ways and Means, House of Representatives.
Department or the Interior, March 18,1856.
S"tr: It becomes my duty to apprise you of a deficiency
in the appropnation for defraying the expenses of the
Fedeial courts duung the present fiscal year, and to ask
that the requisite means of supplying the same may be pro-
vided m the bill now before the Senate.
When the estimates for this year were prepared, the item
for the expenses of the judiciary was increased $100,000
beyond the amount appiopriared foi the same object for the
previous yeai; and it was hoped and expe.cted the addi-
tional sum asked for would be as much as would be
required to meet the necessary wants of the seivice.
In this expectation, however, the Department has been
disappointed; the expenses have increased far beyond what
was contemplated.
The following are suggested as some of the reasons
which have led to this result:
1st. After the estimates of last year were submitted to
Congress,additional couits were established in California,
and several of the States were divided into two judicial
districts, for which no provision had been made; and none
Wds asked for subsequently, as it was not anticipated that
the increase in the expenses mcidentto such division would
be so con-iderable as they have since proved to be.
2d. Expenses for rent of court-rooms have been greater
than formerly, and a considerable sum ha? been required
for furnishing new buildings provided for the accommoda-
tion of the courts.
Tins class of expenditures will be likely to increase for
some time to come.
72
3d. The institution of suits at various points for violation
of the neutiahty laws, for frauds upon ihe Treasury of the
Cnited States, and for the erjfoicement of the acts passed
by Congie^s against the slave trade, has of necessity consti-
tuted a heavy charge upon the judiciary fund, and such must
of necessity continue to be the case &o long as those laws
are violated.
4th. The extension of the system to newly-erected Ter-
ritories has likewise been attended with considerable addi-
tional expense.
These Territories are filling up with a rapidity unex-
ampled in the past history of the country, and the business
of the com ts therein keeps pace with the settlements. Were
the couits held at one or two places only in each Terntoiv,
as was loimerly the case in the Territories northwest of the
Ohio, the expense would still be large, but by no means
what it is now.
This will be better understood from the following state-
ment m leference to the Terutory of Minnesota. During
the year ending 30th June, 18.j3, the remittances to the
marshal amounted to $5,30416, the nextyeai to ,$13,000, and
the next to &13.0OO. By the act of the Legislatuie passed
on the 7th ultimo, couits wcie dnectcd to be held-tvvicc a
year 111 most of the counties in that Territory, the annual
expense of which it is estimated by the marshal will
amount to not le^than
5tli. While the business'm the new Territones lias so
rapidly meiea^ed, them has also been a steady increase of
business in the older pomons of the countiy, which requites,
and winch will no doubt continue to require, an addition to
the amount of the annual appropriations made by Congress
on that account.
In view of these considerations, I have the honor respect-
fully to mqiicst that the sum ot $-20u,0()0 may be appio-
priatcd to supply the deficiency m the apptopiuilion foi the
present fi-cat year, and that the estimate for the, next year
may be increased fiom $800,000 to $ 1,000 000.
The amount now in the Treasuty subject to draft is
reduced to about $70,000, and inoie than thiee months yet
remain to the close ofthe fiscal year.
1 have the honor to be, very lespeetfully, your obedient
seivant, 11. McCLELLANI), Secrctcuy.
Hon. lv. Pit. T. IIunter, Chairman Finance Committee,
United States Senate.
Mr. McMULLIN". Now, Mr. Speaker, I
address myself to the calm judgment of the
House. I ask you, sir, if the gentleman from
Ohio, [Mr. Stanton]—whether designedly or
not—has not perpetrated the grossest injustice
upon the Secretary of the Interior th$t was ever
committed by any member of this House upon
any officer connected with this Government ?
What, sir, has he done 3 He has read from the
letter ofthe Secretary of the Interior that portion
which relates to abuses upon the part of marshals
and others connected with the courts; but he
omitted to tell the House that the Secretary of
the Treasury had refused to pay ail the items in
relation to which any abuse nas been alleged.
And, sir, the gentleman from Ohio withheld
from the House the grounds upon which the
Secretary of the Interior has asked for this appro-
priation. What are those grounds > He states,
that owing to the legislation of the last Congress
increasing the number of courts — ay, sir, and
increased, too, in the gentleman's own State—
owing to the expenses incurred in the execution
of the fugitive slave law among the gentleman's
own constituents 
Mr. STAJNTON. I hope the gentleman will
allow me to correct him.
Mr. McMULLIN. No, sir. The gentleman
refused to allow any one to interrupt him.
Mr. STANTON. The gentleman is mistaken
about that. The gentleman has misapprehended
me. I cast no imputation upon the Secretary of
the Interior. I desire to cast no imputation upon
him. On the contrary, I believe he has dis-
charged his duty faithfully. My point is this—
and I hope the gentleman will understand me:
I say that the same marshal against whom these
abuses are charged is still adisburser of the public
funds.
Mr. McMULLIN. Well, sir, I did not mis-
understand the gentleman in his attack upon the
Administration; and in his attack upon the
Administration the Secretary of the Interior is
involved. He has read an ex parte statement
from a letter to the House, and has withheld
frq^n the House the reasons upon which the
Secretary of the Interior has asked for an appro-
priation to meet this deficiency. And what are
those reasons? As I have stated,large expenses
have been incurred in carrying out the fugitive
slave law—a law by which I may enforce the
reclamation of my slave when he gets away and
goes to the district of the gentleman from Ohio.
And, sir, these expenses of the judiciary depart-
ment have been increased, not by the action of
the President or the Secretary of the Interior,
but by the legislation of Congress. The Presi-
dent and his Cabinet, including the Secretary of
the Interior, are bound to enforce the laws of
Congress.
The gentleman from Ohio comes forward, and
arraigns this Administration for profligacy, loose-
ness, and general extravagance. Tiiat charge,
sir, lies at the doorof Congress. But the gentle-
man is making good his promise of the other day. •
He said that it was his intention to make war
against this Administration for extravagance with
the public money. Now I feel pity for any man
who comes here and displays a partisanship like
that exhibited by the gentleman from Ohio.
While managers of a conference between the two
Houses, on matters necessary to cairy on the
Government, were in full and free conference, the
gentleman comes here, and, with partisan heat
and fierceness, unjustly and blindly assails the
Administration and its officers. I have no par-
ticular fondness for the Secretary of the Interior;
but I cannot refrain from the acknowledgment
that he exhibits to this House and the country
high integrity and great capacity in the adminis-
tration of all the duties of lus own department of
the public service. His conduct is worthy of his
honest heart. He is not willing to uphold and
support any officer, or officers, in an abuse of
their powers. Where any have abused their
powers he has suspended their accounts.
MESSAGE FROM THE SENVTE.
A message was received from the Senate, by
Asbury Dickins, its Secretary, notifying the
House that that body hadpassca, without amend-
ment, a bill of the House for the relief of Chris-
tian Hax, of the Slate of Maryland.
Also, that it had passed bills of the following
titles; in which he was directed to ask the con-
currence of the House:
An act to settle certain accounts between the
United States and the State of Mississippi, and
other States;
An act to provide for the punishment of cer-
tain crimes therein mentioned; and
An act making an appropriation for the con-
struction of a harbor at the mouth of the On-
tonagon river, on Lake Superior, in the State of
Michigan.
Also, that it had agreed to the report of the
committee of conference on the disagreeing votes
between the two Houses on the bill of the House
to amend "An act in addition to certain acts grant-
ing bounty land to certain officers and soldiers
who have been engaged in the military service of
the United States,^' approved March 3, 1855.
Also, that it had insisted on its amendments to
the deficiency bill disagreed to by the House, and
asked for another committee of conference on the
disagreeing votes between the two Houses, and
had appointed Messrs. Hunter, Weller, and
Fish as managers on its part.
DEFICIENCY BILL—AGAIN.
Mr. McMULLIN, (resuming.) Mr. Speaker,
I must be allowed to express my surprise at the
course of the gentleman from Ohio on this bill.
While he is unwilling to vote the pay to "the sol-
diers who have been fighting bravely in defense
of the country, he is ready and anxious to vote
away millions and millions of dollars from the
Treasury to improve rivers and harbors, to build
custom-houses, &c., &c. The gentleman and
his friends can vote against these appropriations
for the Army, recommended by the Secretary of
War—appropriations necessary to a proper de-
fense of our people from their enemies—but they
cannot oppose the crowd of bills for the improve-
ment of rivers and harbors, the construction of
custom-houses, &c., &c.
1 ask, Mr. Speaker, that when the gentleman
publishes his speech he will publish the whole
bf the letter from which he has read garbled
extracts. He has suppressed the most valuable
