1856.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2011
Senate who maintain thisdoctrinc, but I deny their
oationality or their constitutionality. This, then,
<s an addition to the platform of the Democratic
party which commends itself, not only to my head
out to my heart, because it goes home directly to
the preservation of the rights of my constituents
find the honor of those who are dearer to me than
life itself.
I come now to the next resolution presented by
the Democratic party, and which is the real issue:
" Resolved, That we lecogmze the right of the people of
al! the Territories, including Kansas and Nebraska, acting
through the legally and fairly-expressed will of a majority
of actual residents, and whenever the number of their in-
habitants justifies it, to form a constitution, with or with-
out domestic slavery, and he admitted into the Union upon
teinis of perfect equality with the other States."
In the three resolutions which I have read, the
principle is asserted, that a State has a right to
admission into this Union with a constitution pro-
hibiting or allowing slavery, as her people may
choose to elect. Is there a man here who contro-
verts that ? I regret to know that there are some
who do. But is there a southern man prepared to
controvert it? If there is, let him stand up and
present himself to the country. Is there a man
who recognizes the rights of the States, according
to the compact under which we live, who can
maintain that any other restriction shall be placed
upon the State, asking admission into the Union,
than that which is prescribed by the Constitu-
tion itself? But one single condition is prescribed
by the wisdom of our fathers, and that is, that the
State desiring admission shall have a constitu-
tion republican in its form. Now, we are told,
that it is competent for the Congress of the United
States to reject a State, not on account of this
constitutional inability or a want of conformity
to republican institutions, but because the people
of that State, in their wisdom, or it may be in
their folly, elected that slavery shall exist there.
This is one of the great issues oefore the country,
on which the Republican party, as they term
themselves, have taken their stand, and upon
which the Democratic party have planted them-
selves. Which is right, and which is wrong?
Who is able to stand here and maintain that, if
Kansas shall present herself with a constitution
recognizing the right of her people to hold slaves,
she shall not, under the Federal compact, be ad-
mitted to her place in the States of this Union?
There are here gentlemen who controvert that
point; but surely no southern man—no conserva-
tive, national man, can object to the Democratic
party on that ground. They maintain it; they
assert it; and I accord with them in it.
The next resolution in the additions of the
Cincinnati Convention to the platform of 1852, is
in these words:
u Replied, That our geographical and political position
Willi reference to the other Stares of this continent, no less
than tiie interest of our commerce and the development of
our growing power, requires that we should hold as sacied
the pnnciples involved in the xMonroe doctrine : thoir bear-
ing and import admit of no misconstruction ; they should
be apphed with unbending rigidity."
This is, I believe, the first time in the history
of parties in this country when any party has
asserted, as one of the principles of its creed—one
of the planks of its platform, the so-calledMonroe
doctrine. My honorable friend from Kentucky,
[Mr. Thompson,] for whom I cherish feelings
notonlyof the greatest confidence and respect,
but of kindness and affection, in addressing the
Senate a few weeks ago, entered his protest
against the Democratic party on account of this
resolution affirming the Monroe doctrine. I wiil
read for the benefit of the Senate what my hon-
orable friend said on that occasion:
a \gdin : one resolution of tiie Cincinnati platform adopts
the Monroe doctrine. I know that the Monroe doctrine, as
explained by Mr. Calhoun, amounted to nothing, but was
a mete temporary thing, suggested by Mr. Canning, the
EntrlMi Pnine Minister, to Mr. Monroe, and carried out
only m reference to its bearing on the then revolutions pro-
gressing m the South American States ; but still, as gener-
ally interpreted, taken 111 its popular understanding, in the
latitude m which the people con-true it, it is a virtual dee-
lainnon of war against the whole human family."
I think my friend from Kentucky is a little
mistaken. He claims to be a Whig, as I do, and
to be now standing upon the Whig platform,
maintaining all the principles of the Whig party;
and yet he enters his solemn protest against the
Democratic party because of the assertion and
m«. uun.mee of the Monroe doctrine. I propose,
very briefly, to look into the Monroe doctrine and
its history. I have heard a great deal of it; the
Senate has been enlightened upon it time after
time; and I am not so vain as to presume that I
can add anything to the stock of wisdom now
existing in the Senate. My friend from Ken-
tucky maintains that, as understood by the coun-
try, this doctrine is a declaration of war against
the whole world. If that be the Monroe doctrine,
I am against it. I read from Mr. Monroe's mes-
of December 2, 1823:
" We owe it, therefore, to the country and to the amica-
ble relations subsisting between the United States and those
Powers, to declare that we should consider any attempt on
their part to extend their system to any portion of this hem-
isphere as dangerous to our peace and safety."
How can that be tortured into a declaration of
war against the world ? How can it be tortured
into the idea that it is but the precursor to the
conquest of pII the continent on which we live ?
To suppose so is a stretching of terms, a perver-
sion of language, not authorized, in my judgment,
by the plain words employed. Here is a "simple
declaration, that we should regard the extension
of the European system to this continent as dan-
gerous to our peace and our safety. It has been
said—and I believe that is the sentiment of my
friend from South Carolina, [Mr. Butler,] for
whom I cherish the profoundest respect—that
this Monroe doctrine is not to be construed as of
general or universal application, but is to be con-
sidered in regard to each case as it presents itself.
I do not care in what sense you take it; I am for
it when applied to isolated individual cases; lam
for it when applied to every foot of land on the
American continent. I grant that it originated
first in a disposition upon the part of this Gov-
ernment to arrest the interference of the Holy
Alliance with the affairs of South America; but
why shall it not be of universal application ? Is
the principle in itself right? I maintain that itis.
Why not, then, have the nerve and the manliness
to say to Europe, " We plant ourselves upon this
American principle, and we will maintain it against
the whole combined power of Europe in regard
to every acrc of land in America3" Why not?
You say it is to be considered, when the question
arises, as applicable to individual cases. Let us
look at it in that light.
Take the Island of Cuba, and suppose that j
England should enter into negotiations to pur- ]
chase Cuba, would my honorable friend from
South Carolina, or any other Senator upon this
floor, be willing to see the Island of Cuba pass
into the possession and dominion of England?
If there be a Senator who would be willing to
see England purchase Cuba, let him rise and
answer. There is not one. Then the Monroe
doctrine is true and just, and eminently Ameri-
can, when you apply it to Cuba. Suppose, next,
we apply it to Mexico. Would you be willing
to see Alexico pass into the possession and under
the control and dominion of England? If there
is a Senator here who would be willing to see |
that, I call upon him to rise and say so. There j
is not one. If it is applicable to Cuba and to j
Mexico, why may it not be general and universal ■
in its application'1 Would you be willing to-1
morrow to recognize the possession, by England,
of Nicaragua, or any of the Central American
States ? If there is a Senator here who would
consent to that, let liini answer. There is not
one. Then go to South America. Name a State |
which you are willing that England shall possess, j
There is not one. Thus we have traversed the |
whole continent: and I maintain that the Monroe
doctrine is of universal application, because there
is no Senator who will assume to say that there
is a single spot on this continent which he will
be willing to allow England to take possession !
of. Have we not grown large enough to assert !
our rights? Have we not power, and stiength,
and manliness enough to say what we feel ? I
am for saying what I feel, and always feeling
what I say. I am in favor of the Monroe doc-
trine applied to isolated cases, or applied uni-
versally throughout the whole American con-
tinent.
My distinguished and honorable friend from
Kentucky seemed to think this was eminently a
Democratic doctrine. I deny it. In the name of
the old Whig party, that you are told is dead and
buried, but which 1 believe will have a gloriou"s
resurrection some of these days, and m the name
of its champions and leaders, I deny that the
Monroe doctrine was a Democratic doctrine. It
was an American doctrine, and no more the doc-
trine of the Democratic party at the time it was
proclaimed than of every other party in the Uni-
ted States. Now, let us see. The name of Mr.
Clay is invoked to sustain gentlemen in their
positions. I am not here to pronounce the eulogy
of Mr. Clay. That has been done. He sleeps
his last sleep; and forever damned be he who
will rudely disturb his ashes or tarnish his mem-
ory! But, sir, I maintain that this Monroe doc-
trine had the assent and approval of Mr. Adams
and Mr. Clay at the time it was promulgated.
When gentlemen talk to me about standing by
the doctrines of Henry Clay, I ask them to stand
by them. I will stand by them, live by them,
and die by them. You all remember that, when
Mr. Adams was President of the United States
and Mr. Clay his Secretary of State, a proposition
was made to send ministers to the Panama Con-
gress. The President of the United States was
called upon by Congress to assign his reasons for
proposing to send ministers to this Congress.
What reason does he assign ? He assigus the
reason contained in Mr. Monroe's message, the
establishment of the Monroe doctrine. Here is
his message; and he quotes the identical language
of Mr. Monroe to sustain the wisdom, the pat-
riotism, and the Americanism of the Congress of
Panama. Mr. Clay was Secretary of State at the
time. Then I call on the friends of Henry Clay
to stand by the Monroe doctrine, for he was for
the Monroe doctrine before there was any such
organization as the present Democratic party.
But, Mr. President, we come down to later
times. Have we not spent weeks and weeks in
the last four years—in what? In vindicating our
construction of the Clayton-Bulwer treaty. If
there is a Senator on this floor who is willing to
yield the American construction of that treaty,
I challenge him to rise now, and stand upand say
so. Every man in the Senate has stood firmly, hon-
estly, consistently, persistently, and patriotically
in defense of the Clayton-Bulwer treaty as we con-
! strue it. What is that'' It is nothing more nor
j less than the assertion of the Monroe doctrine,
j and its application to Central America. Then
j you all stand to the Monroe doctrine—at least so
! far as Central America is concerned; and by your
silence, your refusal to answer, you stand before
the world in favor of its universal application.
The next resolution in the series of the amend-
ments of the Democratic party is in the follow-
ing words:
" Resolved, That, in view of so commanding an interest,
the people of the United States cannot but sympathize with
the efFoits which are being made by the people of Central
America to regenerate that portion of the continent which
covers the passage across the nueroceanic Isthmus."
I regret that my friend from Kentucky dis-
sented from that sentiment. He declared that it
was the indorsement of the Government of Wil-
liam Walker. If it was intended to do that, I,
as a Tennessean, the land that gave birth to
Walker and myself both, tender to the Demo-
ciatic party the gratitude of my heart. If they
meant by that resolution to indorse Walker, I
owe them, as I give them, my sinc.erest gratitude.
But., sir, frankness compels me to say that I do
not so read the resolution. What does it pro-
fess? It simply professes a sympathy with the
struggle going on for the establishment of free
and liberal institutions in Central America. Oh,
that the shade of Henry Clay might preside over
us! What American citizen, who <werread those
burning words of patriotism and liberty which
fell from the lips of Henry Clay in defense of
liberty everywhere, and particularly in defense
of the liberty of South America, expressing not
only his sympathy for her, but urging this Gov-
ernment to proclaim her independence, — what
citizen, I ask, can claim to be a disciple or fol-
lower of Henry Clay, that will not accord his
sympathy to the struggle now going on in Cen-
tial America for free institutions? The Demo-
cratic party was a little too cautious for me in
that. I would prefer they had gone further;
hut I am to take, them as they are. I say they
express their sympathy, and I accord with them
in that expression. I myself, being responsible
to nobody, to no party, and I thank Heaven no-
body being responsible for me, choose to go fui-
ther than that. They not only have my sympa-
thy, but my prayers for their succees. I yet hope
