1856.}
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
401
34th Cono....1st Sess.
Admission of Kansas—Mr. Seward.
Senate.
in contact with the new Territory was Missouri, !
a alavehotdins State, at whose instance the pro- j
hibition of'slavery within the Territory had been i
abrogated, so that she might attempt to colonize
it wiTh slaves. Immigrants were invited not only
from all parts of the United States, but also from
all other parts of the world, with a pledge that
the people of the new Territory should be left
perfectly free to establish or prohibit slavery. A
special election, however, was held within the
Territory on the 29th day of November, 1854, j
without any preliminary census ofthe inhabitants, i
for the purpose of choosing a Delegate who might !
■it, without aright to vote In Congress,during the !
•econd session of the Thirty-Third Congress,
which was to be?in on the first Monday of De-
cember, 1354, and to end on the 3d day of March,
1855. Mr. John W. Whitfield was" certified to
be elected. There were vehement complaints of ,
illegality in the election, but his title was never- j
thcTess not contested, for the palpable reasons, !
that an investigation under the circumstances of
the Territory, during so short a session of Con-
gress, would be impossible, and that the question
was of inconsiderable magnitude. \ et the Pres-
ident laments that the Governor neglected to order
the first election for the legislative bodies of the
new Territory to be held simultaneously with
that hurried congressional election. He assigns
his reasons:
" Any question appertaining to the qualifications of p*r-
HMH votiiif is the people of the Territory would (in that
e**e, incidentally 1 have necessarily passed under the sup-
errtsum of Congress, (meaning the House of Representa-
tives,) and would have been determined before conflicting
pfctiioas nad been inflamed by time, and before an oppor-
tunity would hare beeu afforded for systematic interference
by the people of individual States."
Could the President, in any explicit arrange-
ment of words, more distinctly have confessed
his disappointment in failing to secure a merely
formal election of legislative bodies within the
Territory, in fraud of the organic law, of the
people of Kansas, and of the cause of natural
justice and humanity ?
The President then proceeds to launch severe
denunciations against what he calls a propagan-
dist attempt to colonize the Territory with oppo- i
nents of slavery. The whole American continent i
has been undergoing a process of colonization, j
in many fonrs, throughout a period of three
hundred and fifty years. The only common ele-
ment of all those forms was propagandism. Were ..
not the voyages of Columbus propagandist ex- j
peditions, under the auspices of the Pope of Rome ? :
Was not the wide occupation of Spanish Amer- ,
ka a propagandism of the Catholic church ? The '
settlement of Massachusetts by the Pilgrims; of
the New Netherlands by the Reformers of Hol-
land; the later plantation of the Mohawk valley
by the Palatines; the establishment of Pennsyl- |
v&nta by the Friends; the mission of the Mora- '
Tians at Bethlehem,in the same State;the found-
ation of Maryland by Lord Baltimore and his
colony of British Catholics; the settlement of j
Jamestown by the Cavaliers and Churchmen ofi
England; that of South Carolina by the Hugue- j
nots;—were not all these propagandist colon iza- j
tionsr Was not Texas settled by a colony of j
slaveholders, and California by companies of j
freemen? Yet never before did any prince, king, |
emperor, or president, denounce such coloniza-
tions. Does any law of nature or nations forbid
them? Does any public authority quarantine, on
the ground of opinion, the ships which are con-
tinually pouring into the gates of New York
whole religious societies from Ireland, Wales,
Germany, and Norway, with their pastors, and
clerks, and choirs ?
But the President charges that the propagan- ;
dists entered Kansas with a design to " anticipate :
and force the determination of the slavery ques-
tion within the Territory, "(ir. favor of freedom,) :
forgetting, nevertheless, that he has only just be-
fore deplored a failure of I lis own to anticipate and
force tne determination of that question in favor
of slavery, by a cevp-de-main, in advance even
of their departure from their homes in the At-
lantic Slates and in Europe. He charges, more-
over, that the propagandists designed to " prevent
the free and natural action of the inhabitants in
the intended organization ofthe Territory," when
in fact they were pursuing the only1 free -and
New Scaiss—No. 26
natural course to organize it by immigrating and
becoming permanent inhabitants, citizens, and
electors of Kansas. Not one unlawful or tur-
bulent act has been hitherto charged against any
one of the propagandists of freedom. Mark,
now, an extraordinary inconsistency of the Pres- .
ident. On the 29th of June, 1854, only twenty-
nine days after the opening of the Territory, and
before one of these emigrants had reached Kan-
sas, or even Missouri, a propagandist association,
but not of emigrants, named the Platte county
Self-Defensive Association, assembled at Weston,
on the western border of Missouri, in the inter-
est of slavery; and it published through the organ
of the President of the United States at that prace
a resolution, that " when called upon by any
citizen of Kansas, its members would hold them-
selves in readiness to assist in removing any and
all emigrants who should go there under the aid
of noruiern emigrant societies." This associa-
! tion afterwards often made good its atrocious
threats by violence against the property, peace,
and lives of unoffending citizens of Kansas; but
the President of the United States, so far from
| denouncing it, does not even note its existence,
i The majority of the Committee on Territories
1 ingeniously elaborate the President's charge, and
1 arraign Massachusetts, her emigrant aid society,
and her emigrants. What has Massachusetts \
< done worthy of censure? Before the Kansas or- j
ganic law was passed by Congress, Massachu- |
setts, on application, granted to some of her citi- \
zens, who were engaged in " taking up" new j
lands in western regions, one of those common 1
; charters which are used by all associations, in-
dustrial, moral, social, scientific, and religious,
now-a-days, instead of copartnerships, for the
more convenient transaction of their fiscal affairs.
The actual capital is some $60,000. Neither the
granting of the charter, nor any legislative action
of the association under it, was morally wrong.
To emigrate from one State or Territory singly,
or in company with others, with or without in-
corporation by statute, is a right of every citizen
ofthe United States, as it is a right of every free-
man in the world. The State that denies this
right is a tyranny—the subject to whom it is de-
| nied is a slave. Such free emigration is the chief
j element of American progress and civilization.
! Without it, there could be no community, no
' political Territory, no State of Kansas. Without
it, there could have been no United States of Amer-
ica. To retain and carry into Kansas cherished
political as well as moral, social, and religious
convictions, is a right of every emigrant. Must
emigrants to that Territory carry there only their
persons, and leave behind their minds and souls,
disembodied and wandering in their native lands ?
\ They only are fit founders of a State who exer-
i cise independence of opinion; and it is to the
' exercise of that right that our new States, equally
with all the older ones, owe their intelligence and
vigor.
i i " There are, who, distant from their native soil,
1 j Still for tlieir own and country's glory toil j
j! While some, fast rooted to their parent spot,
I j In life are tuelew, and in death, forgot."
II It is not morally wrong for Massachusetts to
aid her sons, by a charter, to do what in itself is
innocent and commendable. The President and
the majority of the committee maintain that such
associations are in violation of national, or at
least of international laws. Here is the Consti-
tution of the United States, and here are the Stat-
utes at Large, in ten volumes octavo. Let the
President or his defenders point out the inhibi-
tion. They specify, particularly, that the action
ofthe State violates a law of comity, which reg-
ulates the intercourse of independent States, and
especially the intercourse between the members
of the Federal Union. Here are Vattel and Bur-
lamaqui. Let them point out in these pages this
law of comity. There is no law of comity which
forbids nations from permitting and encouraging
j emigration, on the ground of opinion. Moreover,
i slavery is an outlaw under the law of nations.
Still further, the Constitution of the United States
I has expressly incorporated into itself all of the
laws of comity, for regulating the intercourse be-
tween independent States, which it deems proper
to adopt. Whatever is forbidden expressly by
the Constitution is unlawful. Whatever is not
forbidden is lawful. The supposed law of comity
is not incoroorated into the Constitution.
With the* aid ofthe Committee on Territories,
we discover that the emigrants from Massachu-
setts have violated the supposed national laws,
not by any unlawful conduct of their own, but by
provoking the unlawful and flagitious conduct of
the invaders of Kansas. " They passed through
Missouri in large numbers, using violent language
and giving unmistakable indications of their hos-
tility to the domestic institutions of that State,"
and thus " they created apprehensions that the
object of the emigrant aid company was to abo-
litionist Kansas, as a means of prosecuting a
relentless warfare upon the institution of slavery
within the limits of Missouri, which apprehen-
sion, increasing with the progress of events, ulti-
mately became settled convictions of the people of
western Missouri.
Missouri builds railroads, steamboats, and
wharves. It cannot be, therefore, that the mere
" largeness of the numbers" of the eastern trav-
elers offended or alarmed the borderers. I con-
; fess my surprise that the sojourners used violent
j language; it seems unlike them. I confess my
greater surprise that the borderers were disturbed
so deeply by mere words; it seems unlike them.
Which of the domestic institutions of Missouri
were those against which the travelers manifested
determined hostility? Not, certainly, her manu-
factories, banks, railroads, churches, and schools.
All these are domestic institutions held in high
respect by the men of Massachusetts, and are just
such ones as these emigrants are now establishing
in Kansas. It was, therefore, African slavery
alone—a peculiar domestic institution of Missouri
—against which their hostility was directed.
Waiving a suspicious want of proof of the un-
wise conduct charged against them, I submit that
clearly they did not thereby endanger that peculiar
institution in Missouri; for they passed directly
through that State into Kansas. How, then,
I were the borderers provoked ? The Missourians
inferred, from the language and demeanor of the
travelers, that they would abolitioni;e Kansas,
and thereafter, by means of Kansas abolitionizcd,
prosecute a relentless warfare against slavery
in Missouri. Far-seeing statesmen are these
Missouri borderers, but less deliberate than far-
sighted. Kansas was not to be abolitionized. It
hod never been otherwise than abolitionized.
Abolitioiiized Kansas would constitute no means
for the prosecution of such a warfare. Missour*
lies adjacent to abolitionized Iowa on the north,
and to abolitionized Illinois on the east, yet neither
j of those States has everbeen used for such designs.
How could this fearful enem y prosecute a warfare
against slavery in Missouri ? Only by buying the
' plantations of he)- citizens at their own prices,
' and so qualifying themselves to speak their hos-
tility through the ballot-boxes. Could apprehen-
sions so absurd justify the invasion of Kansas?
Are the people of Kansas to be disfranchised and
trodden down by the President of the United
j States in punishment for any extravagance of
: emigrants, in Missouri, on the way to that Ter-
i ritory?
J Such is the President's second defense, so far
j as it presents new matter in avoidance of the accu-
| sation of the new State of Kansas.
| I proceed, in the third place, to establish the
truth of the accusations. Of what sort must the
proofs be ? Manifestly only such as the circum-
stancesof the case permit to exist. Notengrossed
documents, authenticated by executive, judicial,
or legislative officers. The transactions occurred
j in an unorganized country. All the authorities
I subsequently established in the Territory are
j implicated, all the complainants disfranchised.
, Only presumptive evidence, derived from the
; cotemporaneous statements and actions of the
I parties concerned, can be required.
[ Such presumptive evidence is derived from the
j nature and character of the President's defense*,
j Why-id the President plead at all on the 31st of
I December last, when the new State of Kansas
j was yet unorganized, and could-not appear here
I to prefer her accusations, until the 23d of March?
| Wny, if he must answer so prematurely, did he
I not plead a general and direct denial? If he must
plead specially, why did he not set forth the facts,
instead of withholding all actual information.
