402
appendix to the congressional globe.
[April 9,
34th Cong....1st Sess.
Admission of Kansas—Mr. Seward.
Senate.
vented all complaints of this kind from being
presented to the Governor ? Why does the Presi-
dent repose on the fact that the Governor, on the
ground of informality in the returns, rejected the
members who were chosen in the seven other
districts, and ordered new elections therein, and
certified in favor of the persons then chosen, when
he knows that the majority, elected in the fifteen
concerning the case? Why,since,instead of de- |
fending himself, he must implead his accuser, did 1
lie not slate, at least, the ground on which that :
accuser claimed to justify the conduct of which
he complained ? Why did he threaten " to over-
come and suppress" the people of Kansas, as
insurrectionists, if he did not mean to terrify
them, and to prevent their appearing here, or at
least to prejudice their cause? Why did he mock districts, expelled at once the persons chosen at
them with a promise of protection thereafter, such second elections, and admitted those origin-
against interference by citizens of other States, ally returned as elected in these seven districts, on
if they should deport themselves peacefully and the ground that the Governor's rejection of tlieni,
submissively to the territorial authorities, if no and the second ejections which he ordered, were
cause for apprehending such interference had unauthorized and illegal ? Why does the Presi-
ulready been given by previous invasion? Why dent, although omitting to mention this last fact,
did he labor to embarrass his accuser by idenu- . nevertheless justify the expulsion of these newly- [
lying her cause with the subject of abolition of elected members, on the ground tliatit was author- !
slavery, and stigmatize her supporters with op- ized by parliamentary law, when he knows that
probrious epithets, and impute to them depraved there was no parliamentary or other law existing -
and seditious motives? Why did he interpose in the Territory, but the organic act of Congress,
the false and impertinent issue, whether one State which conferred no such power on the Legisla
wise, uie juuges were uy intimidation, and, it necessary,
violouce, prevented fioin perlbrimug their duty, or, if 1
yielding m tins respect, wore driven from their post,*
the vacancy filled in form by tho pr*r ons on the groun
could intervene, by its laws, or bv force, to abol-
ish slavery in another State ? "\\vhy did he dis-
tort the Constitution, and present it as expressly
guarantying the perpetuity of slavery ? Why did
he arraign so unnecessarily and so unjustly, not
one, but all of the original northern States? Why
ture? Why was Governor Reeder replaced by
Mr. Shannon, who immediately proclaimed that
the legislative bodies which his predecessor had
denounced were the legitimate Legislature of the
Territory? Why does the President plead that
, the subject of the alleged Missourian usurpation
did he drag into this case, where only Kansas is j and tyranny in Kansas was one which, by its
concerned, a studied, partial, and prejudicial I nature, appertained exclusively to the jurisdiction
history of the past enlargements of the national j of the local authorities of the Territory, when, if
domain, and of the past contests between the slave ; the charges were true, there were no legitimate
States and the free States, in their rivalry for the local authorities within the Territory? Isaforeign
bain nee of nower > i usurpation in a defenseless Territory of the United
balance of power?
Why did not the President rest content with
one such attack upon the charactcrand conduct
of the new State of Kansas, in anticipating her
coming, if he felt assured that she really had no
merit on which to stand ? Why did he submit
a second plea in advance? Wny in this plea
does.lie deplore the delays which prevented the
Missouri borderers from effecting the conquest
of Kansas and the establishment of slavery there-
States to be tolerated, if only it be successful?
And is the government de facto, by whomsoever 1
usurped, and with whatever tyranny exercised,
entitled to demand obedience from the people, and
to be recognized by the President of the United
States? Why does he plead that "whatever
irregularities may have occurred, it is now too
late to raise the question?" Is there nothing left
but endurance to citizens of the United States,
in, at the time of the congressional election held constituting a whole political community of men,
in November, 1854, in fraud of the Kansas law, j, women, and children—an incipient American
and of justice and humanity ? Why, without
reason, or authority of public or of national law,
does he denounce Massachusetts, her emigrant
aid society, and her emigrants? If "propagan-
dist" emigrations must be denounced, why does
he spare the Platte County Self-Defensive Asso-
ciation ? Why does he charge Governor Reeder
State—subjugated and oppressed ? Must they sit
down in peace, abandoned, contented, and des-
pised ? Why does he plead, that " at least it is a j
question as to which, neither now, nor at any j
Erevious time, has the least possible legal authority \
een possessed by the President of the United j
States?" Did any magistrate ever before make
with "failing to put forth all his energies to ' such an exhibition of ambitious imbecility? Can-'
prevent or counteract the tendencies to illegality
which are found to exist in all imperfectly organ-
ized and newly-associated countries,"if, indeed,
no " illegality " has occurred there ? While thus,
by implication, admitting that such illegality has
occurred in Kansas, why does he not tell us its
nature and extent? Why, when Governor Reeder
not Congress clothe him with power to act, and
is it not his duty to ask power to remove usurpa- ;
tion and subvert tyranny in a Territory of the
United States? Are these the tone, the tenor,
and the staple, of a defense, where the accused
is guiltless, and the crimes charged were never
committed? The President virtually confesses all
tion to vote at all hazards, and in spite of nil consequences.
If the could be made to subserve their purposes,and
receive their votes, and if no obstacle was ea^t in their
way, their leaders exerted themselves to preserve peace and
order in the conduct of the election ; but at the same time
did not hesitate to declare, that if not allowed to vote, they
would proceed to any extremity in destruction of property
and life. If the control of the polls could not be had other-
wise, the judges were by intimidation, and, if necessary, by
  * ' " un-
and
—   „.oiind ;
,md whenever by any means they had obtained the control of
the board, the foreign vote was promiscuously poured in,
without discrimination or reserve, or the slightest care to
conceal its nefarious illegality. Atone ofllie polls, two
of the judges having manfully stood up in the lace of the
armed mob, and declared they would do their duty, one por-
tion of the mob commenced to tear down the house,
! another proceeded to break in the door of the judges' room,
; whilst otJiers, with drawn knives, posted themselves at the
. window, with the proclaimed puipose of killing any voter
who would allow himself to be sworn. Voters were dragged
from the window, because they would not show their
tickets, or vote at the dictation of the mob; and the inva-
ders declared openly, at the polls, that they would cut the
throat* of (he judges, if they did not receive their votea
without requiring an oath as to their residence. The room
was finally forced, and the judges, surrounded by an armed
and excited crowd, were offered the alternative of resigna-
tion or death, and five minutes were allowed for their de-
cision. The ballot-box was seized, and, amid shouts of
'• Hurrah for Missouri," was carried into the mob. The
two menaced judges then left the ground, together with all
the resident citizens, except a few who acted in the outrage,
because the result expected from it corresponded to their
own views.
" When an excess of the foreign force was found to be
had at one poll, detachments were sent to the others." *
i * * * " \ minister of the Gospel, who refu-ed to accede
to the demands of a similar mob of some loui hundred armed
and organized men, was driven by violence from his post,
! and the vacancy tilled by themselves." * * * * *
•• Another clergyman, for the expression of his opinion, waa
I assaulted and beaten." * * * * " The inhabitants of
the district, powerless to resist the abundant supply of arms
I and ammunition, organized preparation, and overwhelming
numbers of the foreigners, left the polls without voting."
I  * * * i. jn the Lawrence district one voter was fired
! at as he was driven from the election ground." * * * *
'• Finding they had a greater force than was necessary for
: that poll, some two hundred men were drafted from the
i number, and sent off under the proper officers to another
district, after which they still polled from this camp seven
hundred votes." * * * * " In the fourth and seventh
districts the invaders came together in an armed and organ-
ized body, with trams of fifty wagons, besides horsemen;
, and, the night before the election, pitched their camps in
the vicinity of tlia polls, and, having appointed their own
judges, in place of those who, from intimidation or other'
wise, failed to attend, they voted without any proof of resi-
dence. In these two election districts, where the census
shows one hundred voters, there were polled three hundred
and fourteen votes, and last fall seven hundred and sixty-
five votes, although a large part of the actual residents did
notvoteoneitheroccasion." * * * * " From a careful
examination of the returns, we are satisfied that over three
thousand votes were thus cast by the citizens and residents
of the States."
( I place in opposition to these statements of the
party that was overborne, the statements of the
party that prevailed, beginning with signals of
. . ,       j IV.„  the attack, and ending with celebrations of the
was implicated in personal conduct, not criminal, ; the transactions charged, by thus presenting a ,i victory.
hm iiK-nnm-nmio wi.i, l,^ nffi.ioi i  ...... • , ■ ■ , • | General Stringfellow addressed the invaders
in-Missouri, on the eve of the election of March
30,1855, thus:
but incongruous with his official relations, did the j connected system of maxims and principles, in-
President retain him in office until after he had ' —•1  - ^ —
. „ vented to justify them. ,
proclaimed at Huston that Kansas had been subju- i I proceed, however, to clinch conviction by1
gated by the bordererslof ^Missouri;and why, after direct and positive proofs: First, the statements 1
ne had done so, and had denounced the Legisla-
ture, did the President remove him for the same
preexisting cause only ? Why does the President
admit that the election for the legislative bodies
°f Kansas was held under circumstances inau-
spicious to a truthful and legal result, if, never-
theless, the result attained was indeed a truth-
ful and legal one? On what evidence doe3 the
President ground his statement, that after that
election, there were mutual complaints of usurp-
ation, fraud, and violence, when we hear from
no other quarter of such complaints made by the
party that prevailed ? If there were such mutual
accusations, and even if they rested on probable
grounds, would that fact abate the right of the
people of Kansas to a government of their own, ---,  ,  -  
securing a safe and well ordered freedom' Whv refU3etl to participate in the mockery of the elective fran
does the President argue that the Governor [M- > cl'i3e'these iuvaders P°lled over a thousand votes."
 1
of the party which has been overborne. General !
Pomeroy and his associates, in behalf of the !
State of Kansas, make this representation con- :
cerning the congressional election held in the i
Territory on the 30th of November. 1854: I
" Tiie first ballot-box that was opened upon our virgin i
soil was closed to us by overpowering numbers and impend- 1
ing force. So bold and reckless were our invaders, that
they cared not to conceal their attack. They came upon i
us, not in the guise of voters to steal away our franchise,
but boldly and openly, to snatch it with a strong hand. I
They came directly from their own homes, and in compact '
and organized bands, with arms in hand and provisions for *
the expedition, marched to our (Kills, and, when their work
was done, returned whence they camc. It is unnecessary
to enter into the details; it is enough to say that, in three '
districts, in which, by the rnott irrefragable evidence, there
were not one hundred and fifty voters, most of whom j
Reeder] alone had the power to receive and con-
sider the returns of the election of the legislative i
bodies, and that he certified those returns in 1
fifteen out of the twenty-two districts, w*en he '
knows that the Governor, being his own a^ent, ;
gave the certificates on the ground that the reFurns
were technically correct, and that the ille<*ality j
complained of was in the conduct of the elections, |
and m the making up of the returns by the judges', ■
and that the terror of the armed invasion pre- I
In regard to the election of the 30th of March,
1855, the same party states:
" They (the Missourians) arrived at their several destina-
tions the night before the election, and having pitched their
camps and placed their sentries, waited for the coming day.
Baggage wagons were there, with arms and ammunition
enough for a protracted fight, and among them two brass
field-pieces, ready charged. They came with drums beat-
ing and flags flying, and their leaders were of the most
prominent and conspicuous men of their respective States.
In the morning they surrounded the polls, armed with guns,
nowie-Kmvcs, and revolvers, and declared their determine
" To those who have qualms of conscience as to violating
laws. State or National, the time lias come when such im-
positions must be disregarded, as your rights and property
are in danger; and I advise you, one and all, to enter every
election district in Kansas, in defiance of lleeder and his
vile myrmidons, and vote, at the point of the bowie-knifo
, and revolver. Neither give nor take quarter, as our case
. demands it. It is enough that the slaveholding interest
wills it, from which there is no appeal. What right has
■ Governor Reeder to rule Missourians in Kansas? His
j proclamation and prescribed oath must ha repudiated. It
I is your interest to do so. Mind that slavery is established
| where it is not prohibited."
I The Kansas Herald, an organ of both the
j Administration and the pro-slavery party, an-
nounced the result of the legislative election in the
Territory immediately afterwards, as follows:
" Yesterday was a proud and glorious day for the friend3
of southern rights. The triumph of the pro-slavery party
is complete and overwhelming. Come on, southern men!
Bring your slaves, and fill up the Territory! Kansas is
saved I"
The Squatter Sovereign, published in Missouri,
thus announced the result of the election the day
after it closed:
" Independence, March 31,1855,
" Several hundred emigrants from Kansas have just en
tered our city. They were preceded by the Westport and In-
dependence brass bauds. They came in at the west side of
the public square, and proceeded entirely around it, the
bands cheering us with fine music, and the emigrants with
good news. Immediately following the bands were about two
hundred horsemen in regular order; following these were
one hundred and fifty wagons, carriages, 8cc. They gave
