2012
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
August 9,
to see the banner of liberty and freedom stream-
ing: tll€ mas£ °* t'very vessel there, and the
name of Wilham Walker, the savior of that coun-
try, inscribed upon it.
Sir, I have heard William Walkerdenounced on
the floor of the Senate, and I desired then to vin-
dicate him, but the occasion forbade. Now,I have
to say, that those who chose to denounce Wil-
liam Walker as a plunderer, a marauder, a pirate,
do that which they have no right to do. I know
him. He was born and raised in my State—
the son of as honest a man as ever breathed the
breath of life; his mother as honest a woman as
ever Kentucky gave birth to. Tell me that a man
thus born, thus reared, thus educated, is a plun-
derer ! It is a vile, unmitigated calumny. When
you were struggling for yourhherty, La Fayette,
Pulaski, and others, came heie to aid you in your
struggle. Did you announce to the world that
they were plunderers and pirates5 No, sir. Their
names are now canonized and held dear in the
hearts of every true American patriot, for doing
precisely what Walker is doing. Yet you glorify
the one while you condemn and anathematize the
other. I trust and believe the time will come when
justice will bo done to the motives and deeds of
this man; and when, instead of being denounced
as a plunderer and murderer, he will be hailed as
the savior of his country, and generations yet
unborn rise up to call him blessed!
But, Mr. President, 1 pass from that, and come
now to the consideration of the platform of the
American party, being the second in the series;
and I must be permitted to say,that, like all other
platforms J have ever seen oi read, it is made up
very much of truisms and facts and principles
that no human being controverts I believe it
says the i>ible is a very good school-book. Who
denies that? f believe it says the Constitution
ought to be maintained ? Who denies that? That
the Union ought to be preserved. Who contro-
verts that? So, like other platforms, it is made
up of truisms to catch the votes of ihe people.
But I come to that which is real and substantial and
tangible in the platform. The first point is:
" V. A radical revision and modification of ihe laws
regulating immigration :vu<l the settlement oi nnniigianN ,
offering to the honest mmngumt whojiom love of hbeit\,
or hatred of oppression, an asj'lum m the Tinted
Slates, u i'uendly reception ami protection, but unquali-
fiedly condemning the LianMuis-aon to oiu dinner* of felons
and paupers."
To that extent I am nil American. 1 think, to
every extent, 1 am really an Aineiican; but m
the political sense m which tins tiling is con-
strued, I am an Amei ienn. 1 will ^>,is far as he
who would go furthest to prevent the introduction
of criminals and paupers here. I have so an-
nounced ut all times. Whv, 1 ask, have they
m>l went, from the other bram h of <.>hu'j less lull
to that eifc-.t? The majouty of that I louse \v< i e
.sent here as Americans; and whv have they not
asked us to indorse it ? 1 piochum to the world
I am for that doctrine; but 1 niainlaiu that it is a
question outside of (he jurisdiction of the federal
Government. 1 behove the States ha\ e the power,
and are now exercising that power, hi my State
we have a law under that exact clause, saying
that free negroes shall not come into the State.
Is not that exercising junsdiction over that sub-
ject? J do not know of a single State which is
not to-day exercising that power. U was but a
few months auo, I believe, th.it, fi om l5oston,they
sent back some paupers and criminals, or lefused
to permit them to land. If the power resides with
the State, why put it in the cieed5 Why call on
the Federal Government to interpose, it' I lie States
have jurisdiction p If the States have not juris-
diction the Federal Government has; and it it be
decided that the Federal Government has it, I
will go as far as any friend of the American party.
But, sir, their next resolution is:
The essential modification of the natur.ili/.ation law*."
I am for that. I believe it is the interest and
duty of this Government to revise and aim nd the
naturalization laws. I do not believe that there
is any largely organized party m tins country that
isnotm favor of it. The extent of that remod-
eling and reorganization is a different question.
How tar I might be willing to go will depend on
the facts which may be elicited by investigation,
jf it shall be found that five years is too short—
and I think it is—I will agree to extend it to eight,
to ten, to twelve, to any number of years that
may be found necessary to protect us, to guar-
anty to us, to secure us all the benefits conferred
by the Constitution in that clause giving us juris-
diction over the subject of naturalization. Then
there is no controversy between the American
party and myself on that subjcct.
Another of their resolutions is in the following
words :
" Vllf. Resistance to the aggressive policy and corrupting
tendencies of the Roman Catholic Church in our country
by the advancement to all political stations, executive, legis-
lative, judicial, or diplomatic, of those only who do not
hold cavil allegiance, directly or indirectly, to any foreign
Power, whether civil ar ecclesiastical, and who are Aineri-
<nn-> by birth, education, and training, thus fultifiing the
iiiavim, ' Americans only shall govhrn Amluu' a.' "
If I correctly construe and interpret that, I find
no great objection to it. But I maintain that re-
ligion and politics have no connection; and there
should be no test made by blending religious
questions with civil and political ones. But as
they circumscribe their terms here, and make
them applicable to those who acknowledge alle-
giance to some foreign potentate and power, if
there be any such, I would apply it to them, and
I would go outside of Americanism itself; I would
take up all such men upon one single act, for
carrying out that purpose. I would try them for
treason; because it is treason, and nothing else.
It is moral treason—it is political treason, for a
citizen of the United States to hold allegiance to
any foreign potentate or power. Therefore, I do
not think there is any very great controversy on
this point. If there is any such class, in the name
of Heaven exclude them from office—exclude them
fiom your country; 1 do not want them here in
any shape or form.
These constitute the political items contained
m that platform, and I do not object very much
to them.
Thirdly and lastly, as regards platforms. 1
come to the platform of—shall 1 call you Republi-
cans, gentlemen'1 If you consider it more cour-
teous, I will call you Republicans for the sake
of decency, and nothing else. The Republican
party have piesciited to the country a platform,
and they have placed their man upon it. Now,
what is that platform ? In part, just like the two
1 have noticed, it contains a great many things
that nobody would controvert, and every one be-
lieves; but it contains one, and but one, single
and isolated principle; and what is it? Opposition
to the Kansas-Nebraska bill and all its principles:
in other words, opposition to slavery here and
elsewhere, now and forever.
Well, sir, I heard a Senator, on the day before
ycsteulay, say, on this floor, that he did not like
to trust his tenipei to speak on this subject of
Kansas. I thought it was the most Chnstian
sentiment I ever heard from him, and I have im-
proved upon it, and I will not trust myself to talk
much upon that question to-day, because I do
nol know that I can talk about it quietly and dis-
passionately, or according to the rules of the
Senate; and 1 have made up my mind never to
violate the rules ol ihe Senate, if 1 can help it.
If I find it necessary to violate them, 1 will post-
pone it until I get outside of these walls. As J
do not mean to violate them intentionally, I had
I hotter forbear to speak what I think of this party,
and particularly of its leaders.
But, Mr. President, as I have said, the real
issue before the country, as I understand it and
believe it to exist, is upon the Kansas-Nebraska
.! hill. { ask the attention of the Senate to the res-
! olution passed by the American party, m their
| council, or convention, on this subject, m the fot-
lowing words:
j | '' And receding it the highest duty to avow their opinions
ij upon a subject so unpoiunt, in distinct and unequivoc.nl
,j terms, it is hereby deelaied, as the sense of this national
i council, that Congies< possess^ no power under the Con
j stituuon to legislate upon the subject of slavery in the
!( States when: it doe* or may ovist. or to exclude anv St.ite
|[ from a<hnifsji>n mto the Union because its constitution
j docs, or does not, leoogmze the institution of slaveiy as> a
\ pait of its social sv-fein; and expicsMy pretermitting any
j expression of opinion upon the power of Conines to estab-
1 li-h or prohibit .slavery m any Tcintoiy. it is the sense of
the national count, d that Confess ought not to legislate
upon j lie subieet of' sjawiv vvitlun the Terntones of the
United States, and that any niteifercuee by Comrres1* with
, sslaveiy a- it cam- in the I>i^ttlet ot Columbia would be a
violation ol the spit it and intention of the eompaet by winch
the State ot Maryland ceded the District to the United
State?., and a breach of the national iaith."
To that I object. Against that I enter my sol-
emn protest before the people of Tennessee and
the country. The issue is fairly made by the
Republican party, that Congress has the power to
prohibit slavery in the Territories. The Demo-
cratic party have come up boldly, openly, and
manfully, and asserted that Congress has no
such power. The American party say, we pre-
termit any expression of opinion on that subject.
What do you mean by the term pretermit?"
What does it mean according to lexicographers?
It means to pass by, or omit. Then you omit to
declare any opinion upon the great and vital ques-
tion now before the country, as to whether Con-
gress has power to prohibit slavery in the Terri-
tories. I maintain that Congress has no such
power. The Kansas-Nebraska bill maintains
that Congiess has no such power. The Demo-
cratic party maintains that Congress has no such
power. Why pretermit that5 If you may pre-
termit an opinion on a vital question of that sort,
what will be the result? Suppose a question
arises whether Congress shall abolish slavery m
the District of Columbia: may you excuse your-
selves before the world by saying, {< we pretermit
any opinion on that subjectMr. President,
if they may pretermit an opinion on a great vital
question of this sort, affecting the rights of the peo-
ple of the South, they may upon every question.
If you were to ask them whether Congress should
abolish the slave trade between the States, they
might stand back and say, we pretermit any opin-
ion on that subject. In my humble judgment the
time has passed for the pretermission of opinion.
The time is, when men should stand out boldly
and openly, and proclaim their position. It is
eminently so on this delicate question, affecting
the rights of the people of the whole South.
But, Mr. President, there is something more
in this term " preteimission" than seems to be
implied. When Mr. Fillmore himself comes to
speak, what does he say? He says, speaking of
the lepeal of the Missouri compromise:
'• Tin-: vpcal scorns to have been a Pandora's, box, out of
winch have issued all the political evils that now atihet the
eouutiy, hcaieely leaving a hope behind, and many, i per-
ceive, aie ready to attubute all these to our southern
hretliei n Hut is this just ? [No ' no '] It must be borne in
mind that this tneasiue originated with a noithern Senator,
and v\a^ sustained and sanctioned by a noitheui President.
I do not rc<olleet that ever a petition from a southern
State solicited tin*, lepeal; and how could southern mem-
bei.s of ('omrie-s icluse a boon thus offered by the North to
ihe Sonthf it could only be done by sacrificing themselves
upon the alt.n ot then country tbi then eountiv's good: and
this is certainly expecting too much from political men in
times like these. The blame, theiel'ore, it appears to me,
with .ill due deteo nee, i> chiefly chaigeable t" those who
oii niated this measure; and, however we may deplore
the act, it alTord* no just ground for controversy with our
s>outliein biethren, certainly none by whicli they should be
ilejuived of their political rights."
I entertain no unkind feeling towards Mr. Fill-
more; I believe that if he were President of the
United States he would make a conservative, a
safe, and a national President; but I do protest
against his pandering to northern fanaticism as
lie does in the extract which I have just read,
lie there denounces the repeal of the Missouri
compromise, and charges to it all the evils now
afflicting the country. To that extent I join
! issue with Mr. Filhnoie himself. I voted for it;
! and if those who did so arc responsible for all
j these evils, I am willing to bear my full share of
the responsibility. Why go out of his way and
assail us, and charge that all the evils which now
alllict the country have grown out of the repeal
of the Missouri compromise ? Is he not to that
extent giving aid and comfort to the Republican
party ? Is he not to that extent striking a blow
upon every man who voted for it? Take that in
connection with the resolution of pretermission
and then take another circumstance within my
knowledge, and the impression is fixed upon my
! mmd that the American party do not mean to
! stand firmly and fully by the Kansas-Nebraska
bill.
i In my own State, I see evidence, strong and
\ conclusive, that they do not mean to justify the
! repeal o£the Missouri compromise. My colleague
! and myself differ on that question. I have never
j sought to make an issue with him, or with any
of my colleagues in the House, who differed with
t me on that occasion, believing them to be as
1 honest as I knew myself to be; but I proclaim here
- and to the world, that, if war is to be made upon
j me by indirection, here or elsewhere, in conse-
[ quence of my support of the Kansas-Nebraska
| bill, I am ready to meet it, here or elsewhere,
