1138
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 7,
portions of it. If he fails to publish the entire let-
ter I can only pass my judgment of condemnation
on him, and the conduct he pursues The rule
of court is, that when a man is at the bar to tell
the whole truth, and nothing but the truth; if he
withholds anything, he is guilty of perjury. I
again ask the gentleman to publish the whole
letter, and not let the country be deceived. I
differ with the gentleman from Ohio in reference
to what ought to be the action of this House. I
think that it is competent for us to appoint a
dozen committees of conference one after another.
My own suggestion was that we should adhere
to our disagreement; but I think now that, pei*-
haps, it would be more respectful to the Senate to
agree to the appointment of another committee of
conference, which it has just asked. But I am pre-
pared to sustain our action. I am ready to stand
by the amendments of this House. On these
0 great questions I think that the Senate ought to
give way to this House, and not this House to
that body.
There was another point of difference between
the two Houses which the gentleman from Ohio
omitted to mention. The matter is an important
one. The Secretary of War asked the Senate to
allow him to use $150,000 that was in the Treas-
ury, and set apart at the time of the Florida war
for the same purpose for which it was originally
appropriated, in otherportions of the country. I
was willing that the House should recede from
its disagreement to that amendment. I could see
no substantial reason of objection to the request
of the Secretary of War. I was willing that he
should use the $150,000 now in the Treasury for
the purpose of defending the country against the
Indians.
Those were the matters of difference between
the two Houses. I make no objection to the
appointment of another committee of conference.
I hope, however, that the House will do justice
to its own dignity, and take a direct vote on each
amendment in controversy. I go for carrying
out the views expressed by the gentluman from
Georgia. I would not have troubled the House
with any remarks, had it not been for the state-
ments made by the gentleman from Ohio.
Mr. COBB, of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, when
1 suggested that I desired the House should take
a separate vote on each of these amendments, I
thought it was a course we ought to pursue in
preference to adopting the resolution ot the gen-
tleman from Ohio, which I believe comes here
from the committee of conference. I will state
candidly to the House the object which I have in
view, and the House can then decide between what
I suggest and the resolution of the gentleman from
Ohio. Adopt that resolution, and this House
assumes the position that it will rather defeat the
deficiency bill than yield on any of the disagree-
ing votes between the two Houses. From what
has occurred, it appears that there are two or
three of those appropriations which constitute
the difficulty in the committee of conference. One
is for the water-works, and the other two for
Army transportation and the expenses of the
judiciary.
Mr. STANTON. A majority of the House
committee are willing to recede from a disagree-
ment to that amendment.
Mr. COBB. Then the difference comes down
to the Army transportation and the water-works
appropriation.
Mr.PRINGLE. The House also recedes from
its disagreement to the amendment for $150,000,
to which the gentleman from Virginia referred.
Mr. COBB. The gentleman from Ohio is pre-
pared X6 ask the House to defeat the appropria-
auon bill upon the Army appropriation item. I
desire that the issue shall be distinctly made tip
by the two Houses, respectively; and if the Sen-
ate will take upon itself the responsibility of de-
feating this appropriation bill on account of the
appropriation for the Washington water-works,
be it so. If, on the contrary, this House intends
to assume the responsibility of defeating this ap-
propriation bill rather than vote these appropria-
tions for the support of the Army and for abso-
lutely carrying on the operations of the Govern-
ment, let this House assume that ground boldly
and unequivocally before the country, and not
cover it up by a general adherence to all the dis-
agreeing votes. *
Jn order to rcach that point I move, as an
amendment to the resolution which has been of-
fered by the gentleman from Ohio, to strike out
all of his resolution and to insert" that the House
insist upon its disagreeing votes, and ask for
another conference."
Or perhaps the better course would be, if a
majority of the House agree with me, to vote
down the motion of the gentleman from Ohio to
adhere. We are informed by a message just re-
ceived from the Senate that they have asked
another committee of conference.
I put it to this House to say, will you assume
the responsibility of adhering to your disagree-
ing votes looking to the defeat of this bill, when
you have upon your table a message from the
Senate asking you for another conference upon
the disagreeing votes ? I am prepared to meet the
issue, and I trust the members of the House are
prepared to meet it. Let those who agree with
the gentleman froi^.Ohio adhere; I, for myself,
propose that we concur with the Senate in the
motion which we have received from them for
another conference.
I have not gone into a discussion of these
various amendments. I think the discussion has
been heretofore, as well as to-day, full upon these
various points. I simply desire to bring the
House to the position that, if this bill is defeated,
the country shall know what are the specific
points of disagreement upon which the bill falls,
and whether the Senate or the House is respons-
ible for the result.
I move my amendment, unless the gentleman
from Ohio will withdraw his motion to adhere,
and allow me to move to take up the report from
the Senate, with a view to move to concur with
the Senate, and appoint another committee of
conference.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will state the
question. The gentleman from Georgia moves
to amend the resolution reported by the commit-
tee of conference.
Mr. COBB. 1 think I shall,, when the House
comes to vote upon the question, withdraw the
motion to amend, and move to lay the resolution
upon the table, with a view of asking the House
to take up the Senate report, and to concur in the
request to appoint another committee.
Mr. GROW*. Under the system of legislation
practiced heretofore, when appropriation bills
were left to the last hours of the session, and
wore, in most cases, passed during the last hours
of the last night of the session, we were in the
habit of hearing of the great responsibility im-
posed upon us by the defeat of an appropriation
bill. Y/e were to stop the supplies—to stop the
wheels ofGovernment; and gentlemen would point
to the fingers of the clock and tell us there were
only two hours more of the session. But, sir,
who is to be alarmed by that cry now? You are
still in the early part of the session. Who cares
for the responsibility of defeating a bill if the
Senate insists upon amendments which are grossly
wrong? I, for one, am ready to meet the gentle-
man from Georgia, and take the responsibility of
defeating any appropriation bill under such cir-
cumstances.
Was it necessary that the Government should
exceed the appropriation for the water-works
$300,000 ? Was there any necessity that the appro-
priation before made by Congress should be ex-
ceeded by its disbursing officer in removing dirt
and building up brick ?
Mr. PHELrS. I desire to correct the gentle-
man. There has been no expenditure incurred in
the construction of the water-works beyond the
money already appropriated.
Mr. GROW. Why, then, is this item in the
deficiency bill ?
Mr. PHELPS. It was asked for here to en-
able the work to be carried on during the healthy
season of the year. I am opposed to the amend-
ment, but justice to the officers and to the parties
implicated requires this explanation.
Mr. GROW. If it is not a deficiency it ought
not to be in the bill, and the bill ought to be de-
feated if it is put in. If it is a deficicncy, and the
Government has exceeded the appropriation for
a work like the digging of a ditch, then it ought
to be defeated, and the men who have involved
the Government in this expenditure ought to pay
the money out of their own pockets.
One word upon this question of responsibility.
The gentleman from Georgia asks that, in taking
the responsibility of defeating the bill, the House
shall understand what they are doing. I think
so too. For years past, when appropriation bills
have gone from this House, the Senate of the
United States have put upon them amendments
almost as large in amount, and in some cases
equal in amount to the original bill. It has-become
a crying abuse, and it "is time it should be cor-
rected. When, in addition to that, the Senate
put upon appropriation bills sent from this House
amendments, involving,too, incongruous matters,
and compel us to vote upon them, it is time that
practice was corrected;and 1 am ready to take the
responsibility of defeating every appropriation
bill upon which the Senate places such amend-
ments, in order to force them through this House
under the cry of stopping the wheels of Govern-
ment, thereby forcing us to vote for appropriations
for objects which we condemn.
The water-works were commenccd by an ap-
propiiation of $100,000, and they are to be carried
on by running over the appropriation every year,
and then coming to Congress to ask for an ap-
propriation to supply the deficiency.
Let the Government hold its officers to a strict
in their expenditure of the public
money, and let this House hold its hands upon
the purse strings of the Treasury.
Under the legislation which has grown up for
the last ten years, Congress is nearly stripped of
the power vested in it by the Constitution. How?
By disbursing officers making estimates which,
at the time, they know to be too low, merely for
the purpose of getting a work commenced; and
when you have granted that—thereby initiating
any new work—the disbursing officers overrun
the appropriation, and then come to Congress to
supply the deficiency. In that way they take
way the entire control of this House over the
appropriation of money.
The House of Representatives believe that these
water-works ought not to be constructed; and if
the Senate of the United States choose to insist
upon it, let the bill fail, for it is not a work that
is necessary to carry on the operations of the
Government. The appeal of the gentleman from
Virginia [Mr. McMxjllin] to sympathy, finds no
response in this matter, soldiers are not starving
upon the battle-field, and children are not pining
for the want of bread. That gentleman made
an appeal to the House of Representatives, and
stated that refusing to grant the military appro-
priation was refusing to pay the soldiers.
Mr. McMULLIN. I hope the gentleman from
Pennsylvania will not do me injustice.
Mr. GROW. I do no man injustice.
Mr. McMULLIN. I was illustrating the
course of the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Stan-
ton,] by stating that he would withhold supplies
from the soldiers while voting millions of dollars
for the improvement of livers and harbors, and
construction of custom-houses, such as you, sir,
go for.
Mr. GROW. I so stated it. I understand my
own responsibility in voting here.
Mr. McMULLIN. So do I.
Mr. GROW. And I shall vote for such objects
as I think proper, and withhold my vote irom
surh as I think improper.
Mr. McMULLIN. The gentleman misrepre-
sented me.
Mr. GROW. The gentleman from Virginia
said that the gentleman from Ohio was not will-
ing to pay the soldiers who were fighting the
battles of his country. Did you not? 1 said that
upon this question of the water-works no appeals
could be made to the patriotism of the country.
No soldiers are suffering in their tents; no widows
are pining for the want of bread; no children are
in distress; and we are not to be compelled to vote
for this appropriation by the cry that we are leav-
ing unprotected soldiers without the means of
living while fighting the battles of the country,
if the Senate insist that we shall construct these
water-works, whether we will or not.
But, sir, supposing that this deficiency bill be
defeated: what is the consequence ? You are in
the third month of the business portion of the
session. Since I have occupied a seat on this
floor, no appropriation bill has passed at this date
of the session.
Mr. COBB, of Georgia. Does the gentleman
mean to say that the deficiency bill had not passed
so early ?
