1856.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
413
IN SENATE.
Thursday, February 14, 3856.
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. Henry C. Dean.
The Journal of yesterday was read anil approved.
COAST SURVEY REPORT.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore laid before the
Senate a letter from the Secretary of the Treasury,
communicating the report of the Superintendent
of the Coast Survey, showing the progress of that
work during the year ending November 1,1855.
Mr. HAMLIN. 1 move that the same number
of this report be ordered to be printed that was
printed lust year.
Mr. PEARCE. I wish the Senator would
make his motion a little more specific. It is
usual to print ten thousand copies.
Mr. HAMLIN. That was the number last
year.
Mr. PEARCE. Five thousand were printed
for the use of the Senate, and five thousand were
placed at the disposal of the Coast Survey Office.
Will the Senator let me vary his motion to that
effect, or will he vary it himself?
Mr. HAMLIN. I think the original distribu-
tion of this document was made the subject of
investigation by the Committee on Commerce on
a former occasion. Many applications from com-
mercial men arc made to the Coast Survey Office
for this report, and the distribution can much
better be made by that office, in many instances,
than through Senators, it is, therefore, desirable
that the same distribution should be had as last
year. I meant to include that proposition in my
motion.
Mr. JOHNSON". I believe it is usual for gen-
tlemen to move to print these documents, and
then let the number be fixed in accordance with
custom. I have heard many complaints m refer-
ence to the disposition of this particular docu-
ment, the report of the Coast Survey, which is
distributed all over the United States, it is print-
ed at a very heavy expense; and if it is possible
to curtail that expense, I believe it is the wish of
the Senate to do so; but I may be mistaken in
that. It can be tested at least by the proposition
which I now make to refer this matter for future
inquiry, before any order is made for printing, to
the Committee on Printing, that it may be seen
how many copies are necessary. That ten thou-
sand people throughout the United States ever
look into this report I very much doubt. It is
certainly a very large number to be distributed, and
its distribution takes a very unfortunate course.
It is sent out amongst the farmers of the country,
and throughout the inteiior of the United Status.
Now I doubt whether it is proper that it should
be distributed anywhere except to constituencies
along the sea-coast, and m the sea-port towns;—
and whether the principal labor of distribution
should not be confined entirely to the Coast Sur-
vey Office, as a means of doing some good. This
strikes me as the proper course. I am satisfied
that those copies of this document which come
to my share not only impose on me the labor of
a distribution which is unwelcome of itself, but
are sent to those who care nothing about it, and
who laugh at the men who send to them such re-
ports, wo utterly worthless, as they think, for any
useful purpose. I hope the Senate will allow the
whole question of printing to be referred to the
Committee on Printing, that the proper number
may be ascertained for useful purposes, and lot
us adopt a standard hereafter winch will entail
on the Government no more expenses than shall
be absolutely necessary in this branch of the pub-
lic service.
Mr. RUSK. I think the rule requires that all
motions for printing extra numbers shall go to
the Committee on Printing.
The PRESIDENT. That does not apply to
a report from any of the regular Departments of
the Government.
Mr. RUSK. I shall vote for the motion to
refer.
Mr. PEARCE. Mr. President, I should like
to know if the Senator from Arkansas means
to refer the motion to print the usual number of
cop ics of this report to the Committee on Printing,
or does he confine his motion to the proposition
to print extra copies ?
Mr. JOHNSON. I shall make no objection to
printing the usual number; for I am not sufficient-
ly advised on the subject to resist that; though I
doubt whether, considering the great length of
time the Coast Survey has been going on without
an end, it ought nofrto be stopped. I have not,
however, sufficient information to authorize me
to pass judgment on that point, and I shall not
do so. I am perfectly willing that the order to
print shall be entered, and then I desire, and such
is the motion I make, that the question of print-
ing extra numbers shall be referred. I would
prefer, also, that the motion to print the usual
number in this instance, as well as extra num-
bers, (if there is properly such a thing as an
extra number in the case of such reports as that
of the Coast Survey,) should be referred to the
Committee on Printing for the purpose of having
an investigation into the whole subject.
I believe the net ion of the committee will be such
as to bring before the Senate the question of what
should be what is called the " usual number" of
copies of a document that should be printed.
The usual number in every instance now ordered
to be printed, is fourteen hundred. You will find
that the rooms above us, in this Capitol, are
crowded and loaded down with the (t usual num-
ber5' of documents, gathered together there in
masses exceedingly inconvenient; and I am as-
sured by officers of this body that more copies
are printed than are ever called for. There they
lie, waste paper, unnecessary for our purposes,
and in fact an incumbrance—a curse on our busi-
ness. That number ought properly to be re-
duced. I will not say this is absolutely necessary
until an investigation shall be made by the com-
mittee; but, from all I can learn, my impression
is, that about seven hundred and fifty, or at fur-
thest, one thousand, is as much as ought to be
ever printed of what is called the "usual num-
ber" of bilN, general orders, reports, and those
documents which are printed m our ordinary
course of proceeding. 1 ask that the whole matter
may be leferred. 1 believe that would be the
best course for the public.
Mr. PEARCE. I shall make no objection to
the motion of the Senator to refer the question
of printing extra copies; nor should I say another
word except for the purpose of excluding a con-
clusion which may be inferred from the remarks
of the Senator from Arkansas. This is not the
proper time to discuss the value of these reports,
or the great importance to the country of the
Coast Survey, which has not yet reached* its end,
or anything like its end, but which the Senator
seems to think has been prosecuted far enough.
Mr. JOHNSON. I do not assert that as a
matured opinion.
Mr. PEARCE. If there .shall be any occa-
sion hercafu r to discuss fully the value of tins
work, and its great importance to the maritime
interests of the country, I shall be prepared, I
think, to show that the Senate cannot better ex-
pend money than in continuing the prosecution
of the Coast Survey, and in disseminating widely,
on our maritime frontiers at all events, the reports
made to us from that office. I shall say no more
at this time.
The PRESIDENT. The Chair hears no ob-
jection to laying the report on the table, and on
ordering it to be printed The question now is
on printing ten thousand additional copies, five
thousand for the use of the Senate, and five thou-
sand for the use of the Coast Survey Office. It
is proposed to refer that proposition to the Com-
mittee on Printing. The question is on the ref-
erence.
Mr. FISII. I think that, at the last session,
the order to print specified the form m which this
document should be printed, I would ask the
Secretary if that is not the fact, and, if so, the mo-
tion. should be now made accordingly.
Mr. JOHNSON. I have before me the order
made at the last session.
Mr. PEARCE. If 1 he Senator will allow me,
I propose to offer a resolution specifying the form,
m accordance with the precedent of last year. I
proposed to offer it before, but I was anticipated
by the Senator from Maine, [Mr. Hamlin.] I
oiler the following order:
Ordered, That ten thousand copies of the letter of the
Secietwy of the Treasury, communicating the report of the
Superintendent ot the Coast Survey for the year 1855, in
addition to the usual number, he punted; five thousand
copies theu'or for Hie u-e ot the Senate, and the lemaiuder
for distribution by the Const Survey Office; and that the
same be punted and bound, with the plates^ in quarto form,
and that the plates be printed under the direction of the
Superintendent of the Coast Survey.
Mr. JOHNSON. I move that that proposition
be referred to the Committee on Printing. I will
state to the Senator from Maryland another reason
why it ought to be referred.
Mr. PEARCE. I do not object to its reference.
Mr. JOHNSON. To print these reports in
quarto form is a departure from the uniformity of
size, which has been preserved in congressional
documents, and involves a very heavy additional
expense.
Mr. FESSENDEN. That practice does not
apply to the Coast Survey reports; they are always
printed in quarto form.
Mr. JOHNSON. That is true, but it is a heavy
additional expense.
The resolution was referred to the Committee
on Printing.
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS.
Mr. F1TZPATRICK presented the memorial
of Edward D. Tippett, praying to be allowed
bounty land for his services as a soldier in the
last war with Great Britain; which was referred
to the Committee on Public Lands.
Mr. BIGLER presented the petition of the heirs
of Captain Samuel Miller, praying for the com-
mutation pay due him on account of his services
during the Revolution; which was referred to the
Committee on Public Lands.
Mr. FISH. I am requested to present the peti-
tion of the Rev. George Jones, a chaplain in the
United States Navy, who was employed during
the late cruise of the squadron in the Japan seas,
to make some scientific observations, which are
said to be of great value, and which will consti-
tute one volume of the publication to be made by
Commodore Periy, which has been ordered by
the Senate to be printed. Mr. Jones asks that,
inasmuch as he has received no extra compensation
whatever for these scientific researches, he may
be allowed a certain number of the volume which
contains his own observations, for distribution to
scientific institutions and otherwise. I ask for
J the reference of the petition to the Committee on
ji Printing.
It was so referred.
Mr. JONES, of Iowa, presented the petition
of Eugene Rellieux, claiming compensation for
losses sustained by him,- in consequence of the
bombardment of Greytown, by the sloop-of-war
Crane, under the command of Captain Mollins;
which was referred to the Committee on Foreign
Relations.
Mr. PEARCE presented the petition of the
Firemen's Insurance Company of "Washington
and Georgetown, in the District of Columbia,
praying for an extension of their charter; which
was referred to the Committee on the District of
Columbia.
Mr. CLAY presented the -memorial of steam-
boat pilots on the southern and western waters of
the United States, praying for such an amendment
of the act of August30, 1852, t£ for thebctterpro-
tcction of the lives of passengers on board of
vessels, propelled in whole or in part by steam,"
as will secure to such vessels the services of com-
petent and skillful pilots; which was referred to
the Committee on Commerce.
Mr. BRODHEAD presented the petition of
Elizabeth Bausman, widow of William Bausman,
a forage master in the revolutionary army, pray-
i ing to be allowed a pension; which was referred
to the Committee on Pensions.
TIIE NAVAL RETIRING BOARD.
Mr. TOUCEY presented the memorial of
■ Thomas Holdup Stevens, late a lieutenant in the
j Navy, who was diopped in consequence of the
i recommendation of the late naval board, praying
i to be restored to his formernosition in the Navy;
: which was referred to the (Committee on Naval
! Affairs.
! Mr. PEARCE. I present the memorial of
I Lieutenant J. M. Gilhss, of the United States
j Navy, praying to be relieved from the sentence of
the late naval board. Tlie memorialist sets forth
his services both at sea and on shove. I know
him well, sir, and I know him to be a man of
unimpeachable character and conduct. I am well
satisfied that he is not liable to the slightest cen-
sure for disobedience, insubordination, or any act
of any description to bring him under the least
censure. I believe his whole fault is, that he ia
