1856.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
403
34th Cong.... 1st Sess.
Admission of Kansas—Mr. Seward.
Senate.
repeated cheers for Kansas and Missouri. They report 11
thai not an anii slavery mail will be in the Legislature of :!
Kansas. 'We have made a clean sweep."
A letter written at Brunswick, in Missouri,
dated April 20,1855, and published in the New
York Herald, a pro-slavery journal, says;
<• i-Yom live to seven thousand men started from Missouri
to attend the election, some to remove, but the most to re-
turn toiiieir families', with an intention, if they liked the
Territory, to make it their permanent abode, at die earliest
momeut praeucable. Butttiey intended to vote. The Mis- \
MKina:!? were. m:my of them, Douglas men. There were j j
one hundred and ii.ty voters from this county,one hundred ij
and seventy-five from Howard, one hundred from Cooper.
Indeed, every county furnished its quota; and when they
set out, it looked like an army." *   * " They were i
armed." * * * * '• And, as there were no houses in '
the Tcrritorr, thev carried tents. Their mission Was a
pjaeeable one—to Vote, and to drive down stakes for their
future homes. After the election, some one thousand five j
hundred of the voters sent a committee to Mr. Reeder, to ■
ascertain if it was his purpose to ratify the election. He | j
answered that it was, and said the majority at an election j
must carry the day. But it is not to be denied that the one
tliou*aud five hundred, apprehending that the Governor |
might attempt to play the tyrant—since his conduct had
alreadv been insidious and unjust—wore on their hats
bunches of hemp. They were resolved, if a tyrant at-
tempted to trample upon the rights of the sovereign people,
to hang him."
Oil the 29th of May, 1855, the Squatter Sov-
ereign, an organ of the invasion in Missouri,
thus gave utterance to its spirit:
" From reports now received of Reeder, he never intends
returning to our borders. Should he do so, we, without
hesitation, say that our people ought to hang him by the
neck, like a traitorous dog as he is, so soon as he puts his
unhallowed feet upon our shores.
" Vindicate your characters and the Territory; and should
the ungrateful dog dare to come among us again, hang him
to the first rotten tree.
" A military force to protect the ballot-box! Let President
Pierce, or Governor Reeder, or any other power, attempt
such a course in this, or any portion of the Union, and that
day will never be forgotten."
Governor Reeder, at Easton, in Pennsylvania,
on his first return to that place after the elections,
declared the same result in frank and candid
words, which cost him his office, namely:
" It was indeed too true that Kansas had been invaded,
conquered, subjugated, by an armed force from beyond her
borders, led on by a fanatical spirit, trampling under foot
the principles of the Kansas bill and the right of suffrage."
The Hon. David R. Atchison, a direct and out-
spoken man, who never shrinks from responsibil-
ity, and who is confessedly eminent at once as a
political leader in Missouri and as a leader of the
pro-slavery movement therein directed against
Kansas, in a speech reported as having been
made to his fellow-citizens, and which, so far as
I know, has not been disavowed, said:
" I saw it with my own eyes. These men came with the
avowed purpose of driving or expelling you from the Ter- i
ritory. What did 1 advise you to do ? Why, meet them at j
their own game. When the first election came off, I told
you to go over and vote. You did so, and beat them. We,
our party in Kansas, nominated General Whitfield. They,
the Abolitionists, nominated Flenniken ; not Flanegan, for
Flanegan was a good, honest man, hut Flenniken. Well,
the next day after the election, thai same Flenniken, with
three hundred of his voters, left the Territory, and has never
returned—no, never returned !
" Well, what next? Why, an election for members of
the Legislature, to organize the Territory, must be held.
What did T advise you to do then ? Why, meet them on
tbeir own ground, and beat them at their own game again;
and, cold and inclement as the weather was, 1 went over
witli a company of men. My object in going was not to
vote ; I had not a right to vote, unless 1 hart disfranchised
myself in Missouri. I was not within two miles of a voting
place. My object in going was not to vote, but to settle a
difficulty between two of our candidates; and Abolitionists
of the North sai#, and published abroad, that Atchison was
there with bowie-knife and revolver, and by God it was
true. I never did go into that Territory, I never intend to
go into that Territory, without being prepared for all such
kind of cattle. Well, we beat them, and Governor Reeder
gave certificates to a majority of all the members of both
Houses: and then, after they were organized, as everybody
will admit, they were the only competent persons to say
who were and who were not members of the same."
A tree is known by its fruits. If Missourians
voted in Kansas, it would be expected that the
ballots deposited would exceed the number of
electors. Just so it was. We have seen that it
was so asserted. The executive journal, recently
obtained, proves that in four districts, where the
results were not contested, two thousand nine
hundred and sixty-four votes were cast on the
30th of March, although only one thousand three
hundred and sixty-five voters were there, as as-
certained by the census. Again: Tiie Legislature
chosen on the 30th of March, 1855, withdrew from
the interior of the Territory to a place inconveni-
ent to its citizens and on the border of Missouri, j!
There that Legislature enacted laws to this effect, ].
namely: forbidding the speaking, writing, or j
printing, or publishing, of anything, in any form, r
calculated to disaffect slaves, or induce them to
escape, under pain of not less than five years'
imprisonment with hard labor; and forbidding
free persons from maintaining, by speech, wri-
ting, or printing, or publishing, that slaves cannot
lawfully be held in the Territory, under pain of
imprisonment and hard labor two years.
The Legislature further enacted, that no person ,
" conscientiously opposed to holding slaves," I'
or entertaining do.unts of the legal existence of
slavery in Kansas, shall sit as a juror in the trial
of any cause founded on a breach of the laws
which I have described. They further provided,
that all officers and attorneys should be sworn,
not only to support the Constitution of the Uni-
ted States, but also to support and sustain the
organic law of the Territory, and the fugitive slave
| lata; and that any persons offering to vote shall
be presumed to be entitled to vote until the con-
trary is shown; and if any one, when required,
shall refuse to take an oath to sustain the fugitive
slave law, he shall not be permitted to vote. Al-
though they passed a law that none but an inhab-
itant who had paid a tax should vote, yet they
made no time of residence necessary, and pro-
vided for the immediate payment of a poll-tax;
so, virtually declaring that on the eve of an elec-
tion the people of a neighboring State can come
in in unlimited numbers, and, by taking up a
residence of a day or an hour, pay a poll-tax,
and thus become legal voters; and then, after
voting, return to their own State. They thus,
in practical effect, provided for the people of
Missouri to control future elections at their pleas-
ure, and permitted such only of the real inhab-
itants of the Territory to vote as are friendly to
the holding of slaves.
They permitted no election of any of the offi- i
cers in the Territory to be made by the people
thereof, but createa the offices, ana filled them,
or appointed officers to fill them, for long periods.
They provided that the next annual election should
be held in October, 1856, and the Assembly should
meet in January, 1857; so that none of these
laws could be changed until the lower House
might be changed, in 1856; but the Council, which
is elected for two years, could not be changed so
as to allow a change of the laws or officers until
the session of 1858, however much the inhabit-
ants of the Territory might desire it. How for-
cibly do these laws illustrate that old political
maxim of the English nation, that a Parliament
called by a conqueror is itself conquered and en-
slaved ! I do not wonder that the Senator who
defended the President yesterday, in vindicating
these laws found it necessary to denounce the
New York Tribune. Had similar transactions
occurred in the days of the Gracchi, similar de-
nunciations would have been deserved by, and
have fallen upon, the tribunes of old Rome.
Who but foreigners, usurpers, and tyrants, could
have made for the people of Kansas—a people
" perfectly free"—such laws as these? Anat-
omists will describe the instrument, and even the
force of the blow, if only you show them the
wound.
Behold the proofs on which the allegations of
invasion, usurpation, and tyranny, made by the
new State of Kansas, rest! They are, first, the
President's own virtual admission, by defenses
indirect, irrelevant, ill-tempered, sophistical, and
evasive; second, an absolute agreement, concur-
rence, and harmony, between the statements of
the conflicting parties who were engaged in the
transactions involved; third, the consequences of
those transactions exactly such as must follow,
if the accusations be true, and such as could not
result if they be false. A few words, however,
must be added, to bring more distinctly into view
the President's complicity in these transactions,
i and to establish his responsibility therefor. The
! President openly lent his official influence and
j patronage to the slaveholders of Missouri, to
effect the abrogation of the prohibition of slavery
in Kansas, contained in the. act of Congress of
1820. He knew their purposes in regard to the
elections in Kansas. He never interfered to pre-
vent, to defeat, or to hinder them. He employed
his official patronage to aid them. He now de-
fends and protects the usurpation and tyranny,
established by the invaders in Kansas, with all
the influence of his exalted station, and even with
the military power of the Republic; and he argues
the duty oi'the people there to submit to the for-
cible establishment of slavery, in violation of the
national pledge, which he concurred in giving,
that they should be left perfectly free to reject and
exclude that justly obnoxious system. It thus
appears, that the President of the United States
holds the people of Kansas prostrate and enslaved
at his feet.
To complete the painful account of this great
crime, it is necessary now to add, that there has
not been one day nor night, since the govern-
ment of Kansas was constituted and confided to
, the President of the United States, in which either
, the properties, or the liberties, or even the lives,
; of its citizens have been secure against the vio-
lence and vengeance of the extreme foreign fac-
tion which he upholds and protects. At this day,
Kansas is becoming, more distinctly than before,
the scene of a conflict of irreconcilable opinions,
! to be determined by brute force. No immigrant
goes there unarmed, no citizen dwells there in
safety unarmed; armed masses of men are pro-
ceeding into the Territory, from various parts of
the United States, to complete the work of inva-
sion and tyranny which he has thus begun, under
circumstances of fraud and perfidy unworthy of
the character of a ruler of a free people. This
gathering conflict in Kansas divides the sympa-
thies, interests, passions, and prejudices of the
people of the United States. Whether, under
such circumstances, it can be circumscribed with-
in the limits of the Territory of Kansas, must be
determined by statesmen from their knowledge
of the courses of civil commotions, which have
involved questions of moral right and conscien-
i tious duty, as well as balances of political power,
j Whether, on the other hand, the people of Ivansas,
under these circumstances, will submit to this
tyranny of a citizen of the United States like
themselves, whose term of political poweris nearly
expired, can be determined by considering it in
the aspect in which it is viewed by themselves.
Speechless here, as they yet are, I give utteranco
to their united voices, and, holding in my hand
the arraignment of George III. by the Congress
of 1776, I impeach—in the words of that immor-
tal text—the President of the United States :
" He has refused to pass laws for the accom-
modation of the people, unless they would relin-
quish the right of representation in their Legisla-
ture, a right inestimable to them, and formidable
to tyrants only:
" He has called together legislative bodies at a
place unusuarl, uncomfortable, and distant from
tli£ depository of their public records, for the sole
purpose of fatiguing them into compliance with
his measures:
He has prevented legislative Houses from being
elected, for no other cause than his conviction
that they would " oppose with manly firmness
his invasions on the rights of the people:
" He has refused for a long time after" spurious
legislative Houses were imposed by himself, by
usurpation, on the people of Kansas, " to cause
others to be elected, whereby the legislative
powers, incapable of annihilation, have returned
to the people at large, for their exercise, the State
remaining in the mean time exposed to all the
danger of invasion from without, and civil war
within: *
"He has created a multitude of new offices,
and sent hither swarms of officers, to harass our
people, and eat out their substance:
"He has kept among us, in times of peace,
standing armies, to compel our submission to a
foreign Legislature, " and has affected to render
the military independent of, and superior to, the
civil power:
"He has combined with others to subject us
to a jurisdiction foreign to our Constitution, and
unacknowledged by our laws, giving his assent
to their acts of pretended legislation:
"For protecting" invaders of Kansas " from
punishment for any murders which they shall
commit on the inhabitants" of this Territoryt
