2014
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
August 9,
anan's antecedents will not do. I do not like
some of them; lam against a great many of them;
and if you get on the old track, and give me
such a man as Henry Clay, I will oppose him
again. But if you go into Mr. Buchanan's ante-
cedents, how would you like to have Mr. Fill-
more's examined? 'He has not been quite as
long—not so many years—in politics; but both
of them have enough sins to damn them alto-
gether, if antecedents alone are to be relied on.
Then, that is not a safe rule to swear by. You
must take the men by what they are now, what
they profess now, and the amount of confidence
you repose in them. There are one or two things
about Mr. Buchanan which they say are rather
hard to swallow. They say Mr. Buchanan once
declared that, if there was a drop of Democratic
blood in his veins, he would let it out. Now, that
is a beautiful argument to make to me ! I have
been trying all my lifetime to let the last drop of
Democratic blood out of the body-politic, and it
is no objection with me to Mr. Buchanan that he
said, if he had any Democratic blood in his veins
he would let it out. It is rather a recommenda-
tion to me, because it proves to my mind that he
was once right. You had better make that argu-
ment to somebody else; make it to Democrats,
to whom I have made it several times; and I have
asked some Democrats, How can you vote for
him, as he is not Democratic? [Laughter.] Rut
you say if he was not Democratic, he was a Fed-
eralist.
Then I am obliged to take Mr. Buchanan either
as a Federalist or Democrat. If I were forced to
the issue between the two, I should be m a close
place. I have no such objection to Federalism
as some. I am not a Federalist myself; f do not
believe in their doctrines; 1 think they weie ex-
treme in some tilings; but I do say, and am ready
to say here and everywhere, that I behove the
old Federal party was as honest a party as ever
lived. I believe that Washington himself was
cal ed a Federalist, and 1 know that Hamilton
was, and I should not be ashamed to be classed
with such men. Hamilton was a Federalist; he
at least was honest, and the Government of the
United States have paid a deserved compliment
to Alexander Hamilton, to his patriotism, and
virtues, and acknowledged ability,by publishing
his works and distributing them in the country.
TluU is no objection to Mr. Buchanan. I do
not care whether he was a Federalist or not. But
then you s<iy—and this is the point to which 1
wish to direct the attention of the Senate—Mr.
Buchanan ought not to be voted for by me, as I
profess to liavo been a friend of Mr. Clay during
his lifetime, and to cherish his inemoiy now that
he is dead. Why not ? They say that Buchanan,
if not the author, was the propagator, of the vile
old calumny, in 1H24, of bargain and intrigue.
Mr. President, pending the question as to who
should be the candidate of the Democratic party,
I expressed my opinions freely, and said to some
gentlemen now m my presence, that 1 had under-
stood (I had not investigated it) Mr. Buchanan
had failed to do Mr. Clay justice; and unless that
question were cleared up, 1 would never vote for
Mr. James Buchanan, though he might be nom-
inated by a thousand conventions, 1 repeat to-
day, that if I believed Mr. Buchnnan had origin-
ated, or even circulated, orgivcn countenance to,
that uld vile calumny, I would not vote for him.
It was on that account, not having investigated
it, that I said to the friends of Mr. Buchanan,
" If you nominate him I do not think I can vote
for him; I will certainly not vote for him unless
I can be satisfied on that question." It was on
that ground, in part, that I preferred the Senator
from Illinois. I am glad he is not in his seat. 1 j
preferred that he should be nominated. Why, j
sir, did 1 prefer him ? Because I had seen him here j
standing up day and night vindicating the rights !
of my constituents. 1 had seen him standing here, [
as Leomdas at Thermopylae, to vindicate and i
maintain the interests and honor of tin* people of ,
the South. I had seen the arrows in showers !
hurled at him, and I had seen him bear his proud i
bosom to the storm m vindication of our rights, j
1 now predict that the time will come when pas- I
Mion and prejudice shall sleep, when the South ,
will do honor to Stephen A. Dottglas. [Ap- I
plause in the galleries.] I predict the time will j
come when a returning sense of justice will rally ]
around his standard, or if not around his stand.-1
ard, at least, around his name and memory, to
say, " There was a man who dared to die for
others." Who has received so much of slander
and calumny and detraction as Stephen A.
Douglas? And for what? In the name of all
that is grateful on the part of the South, I conjure
them — hate him, despise him as you may, for
other things—do him justice for the noble, manly,
gallant, fearless, undying devotion which he has
manifested in defense of the rights and honor of
the South. I preferred him on that account.
But, sir, to return to Mr. Buchanan and this
charge of bargain and corruption. I repeat I
have examined this question faithfully, thorough-
ly, and honestly, and I say here that I will make
the record so plain in my judgment, that no fair
man will ever controvert it. I repeat that, if I
believed he was guilty of any participation in
that calumny, I would never, never support him.
I have seen it said in some newspaper that the
very bones of the sage of Ashland would move in
their dull cold resting-place at the idea of Whigs
like me voting for IVtr. Buchanan. Well, sir, if
all that ever was said by Andrew Jackson Donel-
son was contrasted with what Mr. Buchanan said
against Mr. Clay, and if the bones would move
at the name of Buchanan, the spirit itself would
burst its cerements, and rise in judgment against
those who are ready to elevate to power and
place Andrew Jackson Donelson. I have the'
records here about that bargain, intrigue, and
corruption charge.
Mr. Clay voted for Mr. Adams in 1824 for the
Presidency; and thereupon Mr. George Kremer
published a communication in some Pennsylvania
paper saying that there had been a corrupt bar-
gain between Mr. Clay and Mr. Adams. Mr.
Clay was then a member of the House of Repre-
sentatives. With his wonted boldness, gallan-
try, and integrity, he atoncc demanded an inves-
tigation, and a committee was appointed. Mr.
Kremer was summoned to present his proofs;
and Mr. Kremer retired to his dark chamber of
calumny, like Judas Iscariot, and never attempted
to make good his chargc.
But afterwards it was renewed by General
Jackson, or an intimation made, that the bargain
had been proposed to him by a distinguished
member of Congress, and it was said that Mr.
Buchanan was that member of Congress. As
soon as the charge was made, Mr. Buchanan
published a letter m reply to General Jackson, in
which he says: " It is not so; 1 never approached
you to make any corrupt bargain. I never was
authorized by Mr.Clay, or his mends, to approach
you." There was the result of that publication.
I hold in my hand a book, and it is a very im-
poitant book, written in 1831, a few years after
these things transpired. And by whom was it
written ? By one of the most gifted and talented
men in this nation—George D. Prentice, of the
Louisville Journal. Mr. Prentice was the confi-
dential friend of Mr. Clay, and his biographer.
When the facts were fresh before the country—
when they were fresh in the public mind, what
did Mr. Prentice say in his biographya thing
that is to live after Mr. Clay, and Mr. Prentice,
and all, all of us are consigned to the final resting-
place of our fathers, as the solemn record, the
history of the life and character of the most illus-
trious statesman that ever lived. What does he
say? Let us read. Mr. Prentice says:
" Not satisfied with pnvato hints ami declarations, Mr.
Clay's distinguished accuser [General Jackson] finally
stated, in a public letter, that overtures of a baigain had been
made to Mm, during the pendency of the pi t sidential election
m the House of Kepiesentative^, hy the ft lemK of Mr (.'lay.
With Ins usual promptitude of ehaiaeb Clay demanded
through whom those ovenuies had been made ' In reply,
General Jackson gave up the name1 oi Mi. Junios Buchanan,
one of his own peisonal and political meiuN. Mi. Buch-
anan. howevei, was an lionoiable man, and hesitated not
to suy publicly, that he had never made to General Jackson
the oveiture«j in question, or any that bore the lea«>t resem-
blance to them."
Now, if you were trying Mr. Buchanan before
an impartial tribunal, 1 ask you, would you not
hold that to be testimony at least prima facie ?
Heie is Mr. Prentice, an eminent man, a man of
superior talents, the warm personal and political
friend of Mr. Clay, his biographer, who, a few
years after the transaction, says Mr. Buchanan,
like an honorable man as he was, came out
promptly and denied the whole thing. Yet you
tell me 1 ought not to vote for Mr. Buchanan be-
cause of the charge of bargain.
I am not done, sir, with this charge. A11 me
to read you a letter, dated Lancaster, \ ugust
27, 1827, only two years after this charge:
" My dear Sir : Yours of the 9th instant came to hand
last night. The one by Mr. A. I received a few days since
by private hand, from the county of Harlan. With your
letter of the 9th, Mr. Buchanan's response to the hero vvai
received. This answer is well put together. As they say
in Connecticut, 4 there is a great deal of good reading' m
Buck's reply. Itis modest and genteel, yet strong nud con-
clusive* I am tiuly delighted with the niannei in winch B.
has acquitted himself. 1 really feared and believed he was
placed in such a dilemma by the Geneial, that he could
riot extricate himself with any sort of credit But he has
come forth victoriously. i am greatly gratified with the
result, and must believe it will have a happy effect upon the
presidential election, ft is impossible it should turn out
otherwise. Virginia, after this, will not—cannot support
the General. I never had the least hope of Virginia until
now.
" F presume Buck's reply supersedes the necessity of any
reference to the conversation m my room. I ain glad of it."1'
Who do you suppose wrote that letter ? Robert
P. Letcher, the warm personal and political friend
of Mr. Clay; a man who enjoyed nis confidence
to an extent equal to any man in the Union.
When the facts were all fresh before him, Mr.
Letcher wrote that letter, in which he says Mr.
Buchanan has come out, and is fully acquitted.
Now, I ask you—I ask any honest man to tell me
how you can resist the testimony of two such de-
voted personal intimate friends of Mr. Clay as Mr.
Prentice and Mr. Letcher, given at the time these
things were being investigated. Is that not enough
to satisfy the gourmand appetite of calumny ? But
I do not rest it there. 1 have more than that. I
want to show what Mr. Clay says; and if you
will not believe him now, you would not believe
him though he should rise fiom the dead. What
does he, the only man who had a personal interest
in the matter, say ? Here is a letter addressed to
Mr. Francis Brooke:
" Washington, jhizust 14, 1827.
"My i>ea*R. Sir: I received your obliging favor from
Wayncfborou&h. I should be veiy glad if 1 could paitiei-
pate with you and Mr. Southard in the pleasure and benefit
of the bpiings. My health is, however, not bad.
" 1 hope you arc not mistaken in the good effect of my
Li'.xmgton speech. Mt. Buchanan has presented his com-
munication to the public; and, although he evidently
labots throughout the whole of it to spare and cover Gen-
eral Jackson, he fails m every essential paiticuhu to sustain
the General. Indeed, 11 ould not desire a stronger statement
Jrom Mr. Buchanan, The tables are completely turned
upon the General. Instead of any intngues on my part
and that of ury tuends, they were altogether on the side of
Geneial Jackson and hi*> fi icnds. But i will leave the
statement to your own reflections. 1 dnected a copy to be
inclosed yesterday to Mr. Southard. It must confirm any
good impression pioduced by iny speech.
" Tell Mr. Southard that his children are much better,
and that he need not entertain any fear about them.
" With iny best wishes that you may both realize much
benefit from the mineral watets."
There is a letter of Mr. Clay, in which he says
he could not desire a fuller response from Mr.
Buchanan than he had received. If Mr. Clay
was himself satisfied—if his friends at the time
were satisfied, 1 ask any man to tell me who
shall complain now, when twenty-five or thirty
years have passed byJ Two years after tho
occurrence, and after Mr. Buchanan had spoken
out publicly, Mr. Clay proclaims to his friends
that it was all that he could desire or expect
from him.
Mr. President, I submit whether there can be
any fairness in pursuing Mr. Buchanan with that
charge. I have produced this testimony, not for
the purpose of vindicating Mr. Buchanan—I care
nothing about that—but for the purpose of vin-
dicating myself for the vote which I shall give
in November next. Unless my mind changes
between this and that time, I shall assuredly
vote for him, unless I shall believe that Mr. Fill-
more, or somebody else, stands a better chance
to defeat the Black Republican party than he does.
I mean to give this evidence as a vindication of
my vote.
My friend from Kentucky said in his speech
—I do not suppose that he intended it for me
particularly, as there are several of us in the same
category:
Besides, let me toll them that a man who is turned down
to the foot hatdly ever gefc> to the head again. Wh< n th.j
estate comes to he divided under the statute of di^tubution,
as i understand, these men riot being of the household wtii
come m as foreigners, aliens, or ba^tuids, tn the larmlv.
They will he treated having \voik"d for a nine for v. ag<>s,
and when the estate comes to be distributed the\ will not
get a distributive share. They will have to wait tor the
sccond table all the time the}- work too. This is a bad lix
for any man to get into."
I know my friend did not mean to insinuate
