444
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 14,
singularly well informed as a scientific man, and
that the Government, without his action* have
called on him to render services of that sort in
lieu of service at sea. I look upon it as one of
the hardest cases under the acts of the late naval
board. I move the reference of the memorial to
the Committee on Naval Affairs.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. MASON presented the memorial of T.F.
Dulany, late a lieutenant in the Navy, whp was
dropped in consequence of the recommendation
of the late naval board, praying to be restored to
/his former position in the ftavy; which was re-
ferred to the Committee on Naval Affairs.
Mr. THOMSON, of New Jersey, presented
the petition of Lieutenant Matthew C. Perry, Jr.,
who has been placed on the reserved list, in con-
sequence of the action of the late naval board,
praying to be restored to his former position in
the Navy; which was referred to the Committee
on Naval Affairs.
EDWARD STANTON.
Mr. FOSTER. I ask leave to present the pe-
tition of Martha Stanton, of Stonington, Connec-
ticut. She sets forth that she is the widow of
Edward Stanton, who served in the war of the
Revolution between one and two years; that she
is now eighty-eight years old; that her husband
was engaged in the battJe of Fort Griswold, at
Groton Point, near New London, Connecticut, on
the 6th of September, 1781, and in that battle he
was very dangerously wounded, receiving a mus-
ket ball through his body; that subsequently, in
.the year 1816, her husband was placed 011 the in-
valid pension list, and received a pension granted
by the Government of $96 per annum; that under
the act of 1832 I10 was entitled to receive an addi-
tional pension of §60 66 per annum. He died
on the 27th of July, 1832, just after the act was
passed. Subsequently, this widow, under the act
of 1848, presented her petition claiming to receive
the amount to which her husband would have
been entitled, if living, under the existing Jaws,
which was the sum of $156 66 per annum.
This application was at first denied by the De-
partment, and a pension of $60 66 only was
granted to herjbut, afterwards, on reexamination,
the claim for the whole amount, J] 56 66 was
granted to her, and she received a certificate for
that amount during her life, and has received that
sum for several years past. Since the last semi-
annual payment, however, the present Commis-
sioner of Pensions, 011 a reexamination of the
law, has overruled the decision made by his pre-
decessor, and decides that she is not entitled to
receive the amount of $>156 66, but only the
amount of $60 66 per annum, and he has ordered
the payment of her pension to be suspended until
she returns her present certificate, and takes one
for a less amount. She prefers this petition, there-
fore, asking that she may be entitled to hold her
certificate of $156 66, instead of bring compelled
to return it, and take one for £60 66 during the
rest of her life, which must be short.
I hope, sir, that the prayer of the petition will
be granted. It is a very small matter indeed to
the Government, and one on which it seems there
has been a difference of opinion in the Depart-
ment by different commissioners, in regard to the
construction of the law. To the Government,
anyway, it is a very small matter, but to her it is
all her living.
I beg leave, Mr. President, to add a few words
to the facts set forth in the petition—facts within
my own knowledge in regard to this application.
They shall be very few. The defense of Fort
Griswold during the revolutionary war, by a small
band of Connecticut militia, against an over-
whelming force of British regular troops, forms
one of the brightest pages in our revolutionary
history. Indeed, I think 1 may venture the asser-
tion, that the history of no people, of no nation
in the world, furnishes a more striking example
of heroic self-sacrifice to the call of duty than was
exhibited by Colonel Ledyard, and his brave
companions in that bloody conflict. Like Leon-
idas and his three hundred, they deliberately took
their places to die in the cause of liberty and their
country's independence. Such men, Mr. Presi-
dent, and the widows of such men, deserve well
at the hands of the Republic. At the storming
of that fort, Edward Stanton, whose widow now
comes here with this petition, was most desper-
ately wounded. He received a musket ball on
his left side, in the region of the heart, which laid
the flesh and bone so open that his heart was vis-
ible to the eye. He lay uptm the ground, and
was, of course, rapidly bleeding to death, when
Colonel Buscar, an English officer who entered
the fort with the storming party, touched at the
sight of this man, in a spirit of humanity which
should make his name remembered with honor,
took from his pocket a linen nightcap, and placed
it in the orifice of this man's side, ana thus stayed
the fast ebbing tide of his life. He recovered,
and he lived, a disabled man, for more than fifty
years.
Under the act of 1816, as I have already sug-
gested, lie was placed 011 the invalid pension list,
and under the act of 1832 received an additional
pension; the whole amounting to the sum which
has been named. His widow now asks that this
little pittance may not be diminished during the
few years that she has to live. She still possesses,
in her very humble dwelling, the vest that was
worn by ner husband during that memorable
battle, torn with bullets, and the linen cap which
was the means, under Providence, of saving his
life. These trophies, Mr. President, are about
all the dowry which is now left to this widow;
and I ask, will the Senate permit this woman,
now almost one hundred years old, the widow of
one of the bravest and most gallant men that ever
lived, and who literally poured out his heart's
blood in the defense of his country—will the Sen-
ate permit this widow, one of the last survivors
of the heroic age of the Republic, to die in want?
I move you, sir, that the petition be referred to
the Committee 011 Pensions; and I know enough
of the libeial policy which actuates the honorable
chairman of that committee [Mr. Jones, of Iowa]
to have full confidence that help will come to this
widow; but the Senator will pardon me for sug-
gesting that it calls for very speedy action—and I
only fear that the speediest may come too late.
Ihe petition was referred to the Committee on
Pensions.
WITHDRAWAL OF PAPERS.
On motion by Mr. FISH, it was
Orderedt That the petition and papers of Hezeluah L.
Thistle, praying for compensation for the use of his im-
provement in a saddle tor eairymgsick and wounded, be
withdiawn fiom the files forthepuiposeofiefeienee to the
Court of Claims.
On motion by Mr. FISH, it was
Ordered, That John T. llildreth have leave to withdraw
Ins petition and papeis.
FORTIFICATIONS ON THE PEA-PATCH.
Mr. BAYARD submitted the following reso-
lution; which was considered by unanimous con-
sent, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Secretary c>f War be directed to report
to the Senate an estimate of the amount necessary to com-
plete the fortification of the Pea-Patch Wand, in the nver
Detawaie, and of the time wjthm which the said foitifica-
tion can be completed, if the loqimitc appropriation is made.
NOTICE OF A BILL.
Mr. MALLOllY gave notice of his intention
to ask leave to introduce a bill to incorporate the
St. Joseph's Literary Society, in the District of
Columbia.
BILLS INTRODUCED.
Mr. WELLER, in pursuance of previous no-
tice, asked and obtained leave to introduce a bill
to provide for an overland mad from some point
on the Mississippi river to San Francisco in Cal-
ifornia; which was read twice by its title, and
referred to the Committee on the Post Office and
Post lloads.
Mr. WELLER, by unanimous consent, pre-
vious notice not having been given, asked and
obtained leave to intioduce a bill to create an ad-
ditional land office in the State of California;
which was road twice by its title, and referred to
the Committee on Public Lands.
Mr. DODGE, in pursuance of previous notice,
asked and obtained leave to introduce the follow-
ing bills; which were severally read twice by
their titles, and referred to the Committee on Com-
merce:
A bill making an appropriation for continuing
the improvement of the harbor of Milwaukie, in
the State of Wisconsin.
A bill for continuing the improvement of the
harbor of Manitowoc, in Wisconsin.
A bill for continuing the improvement of the
harbor of Kenosha, Wisconsin.
A bill for continuing the improvement of the
harbor of Sheboygan, Wisconsin.
A bill for continuing the improvement of the
harbor of Racine, Wisconsin.
Mr. BROWN, in pursuance of previous no-
tice, asked and obtained leave to introduce a bill
to establish a library for young men in the Dis-
trict of Columbia; which was read twice by its
title, and referred to the Committee on the Dis-
trict of Columbia.
Mr. BAYARD, in pursuance of previous no-
tice, asked and obtained leave to introduce a bill
making an appropriation for the improvement of
the Delaware breakwater; which was read twice
by its title, and referred to the Committee on Com-
merce.
Mr. BAYARD asked and obtained leave to in-
troduce the following bills; which were read twice
by their titles, and referred to the Committee on
Commerce:
A bill for continuing the improvement of the
harbor of New Castle.
A bill to continue the construction of a harbor
on the east side of Reedy Island.
Mr. BRODHEAD asked and obtained unani-
mous consent to introduce a bill to increase the
salaries of the judges of the circuit and criminal
courts of the District of Columbia; which was
read twice by its title, and referred to the Com-
mittee on the District of Columbia.
KALAMAZOO LAND OFFICE.
Mr. STUART. The Committee on Public
Lands have instructed me to report a bill (S. 97)
" to continue temporarily the land office at Kala-
mazoo, in the State of Michigan. " I wish to have
the bill read; and I will state in a few words why
the committee has instructed me to ask the Senate
to consider it at this time.
The bill was read a first time, and ordered to a
second reading. It proposes to enact that the
register and receiver of the land office at Kala-
mazoo, in Michigan, and the office itself, shall be
continued, until in the opinion of the President,
it can be discontinued without prejudice to the
public interest; and that until that time the act of
June 12, 3840, shall not extend to that office.
Mr. STUART. I will detain the Senate but
for a few moments. Under the act of 1840,
referred to in the bill, no discretion is left to the
Department, but whenever the amount of land in
one district falls below one hundred thousand
acres, no matter what may be the condition of
business in the district, it is the imperative duty
of the Department to close the office, and attach
the sales of the lands to another district. In this
case there are various objections to this, only a
few of which, however, I shall detain the Senate
by stating. There arc quite a number of contested
land cases pending before these offices; others
will arise. Those cases cannot be considered
without very great inconvenience, if the lands are
attached to another district which lies over one
hundred miles distant. Verygreatexpense would
be incurred by those interested in these titles.
Besides, the officers in the district can adjust
them much better than strangers could. Again,
the district is so situated that, although the lands
are somewhat below the amount fixed in the act
of 1840, the quantity on sale is still very large.
By closing this office, and attaching the lands to
the Ionia district, as the order of the Department
requires, very great inconvenience would be felt
by every individual wishing to enter lands.
In view of these difficulties, I have so framed
the bill as not to continue the office for any spe-
cified time, because I have no desire that it
should be continued beyond the necessities of the
public interest, and hence, by the provisions of
the bill, when, in thcopinionof the President, the
public interest will" permit it, the office is to be
closed under the law of 1840. The necessity for
the present action is very great, inasmuch as this
order was made in November last, and in conse-
quence of the delay in organizing the House the
inconvenience has already become very consider-
able.
Without detaining the Senate further, I hope
I have said enough to exhibit the necessity for
immediate action, and I therefore ask that the bill
may be passed now.
The bill wasreadasecond time,and considered
as in committee of the whole. There being no
amendment, it was reported to the Senate, and
