1140
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 7,
Mr. CAMPBELL. I cannot agree with my
colleague in the position which he takes, that the
judicial powers of the Government ought to be
usurped by a President. I hold, Mr. Speaker,
that, in all doubtful questions of constitutional
law, the instrument nas created a tribunal to
decide—the Supreme Court of the United States;
and if the position which I understand my col-
league to take is to be adopted, to wit: that the
President of the United States may assume the
functions of the courts, and overrule them upon
the constitutionality of laws, he need go but one
step further in order to make him an absolute
despot, and that is, to assume the power of legis-
lation.
Mr. PHELPS. As the gentleman from Ohio,
[Mr. Giddings] has given his opinion as to
making appropriations to defray the expenses
incurred under the fugitive slave law, I desire to
propound to* him another question. I desire to
Know whether he is willing to appropriate money
to defray the expenses of the United States in-
curred in the prosecution of vessels engaged in the
African slave trade; for there is such an item con-
tained in this appropriation of money ?
Mr. GIDDINGS.- It is hardly fair for us to
occupy the time of my colleague in discussions
between ourselves. If, however, my colleague
yields the floor for that purpose, I will answer
the gentleman from Missouri with great pleasure.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I will yield the floor to
my colleague.
Mr. GIDDINGS. Mr. Speaker, the gentle-
man from Missouri states that this proposition
includes appropriation to pay for the expenses
incurred m the prosecution of those who have
fitted out slavers in the ports of the United States;
and he puts the question to me distinctly, whether
I will vote against it? If he wants to know
•whether I will withhold appropriations for con-
stitutional and legitimate objects, I will tell him,
this House, and the world, that I will not; but if
he wants to know whether, by putting in this
appropriation what he has referred to, lie can
make mc vote $97,000 to pay for the extrava-
gance and corruption of* the marshal of Ohio, I
tell him that I never will. Has it come to this,
that to get one £ood appropriation a man must
vote for so much corruption > If so, then it is
time that the country should know the fact; it
should be awakened to a knowledge of its dan-
ger. The gentleman from Missouri doesuot pie-
teijd to say that the appropriation is necessaiy,
because of the action of the President, or of any
Department of the Government,but because of
the corruption of the marshal of Ohio, a man
who attempts to corrupt his whole party in that
State, and to make them rich from the public
treasure. It is on his action that we ore asked
to make this appropriation. I never will vote for
it. It is not a blow at the Administration; I deny
it. If 1 were a friend of the Piesident I -would
deny it. If he has a friend here, I would ndvise
him to stand up and deny it. If th^ President
and his Democratic Administration are tosupport
in corruption an officer who squanders the pub-
lic funds, let the country know it. If it be so,
then vote and stand by this appropriation from
the Senate, I believe I have answered the gen-
tleman. It*I get the floor when my colleague is
through with what he has to say, I will reply
more at large.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I will no sooner vote for
a corrupt expenditure of the public money on the
part of the marshal of Ohio, or ofony otherpubhc
officer, than my colleague. There is no informa-
tion touching that subject other than newspaper
reports; and I do not suppose that he would inti-
mate that the Committee of Ways and Means,
or this House, should be governed" in its action by
mere newspaper rumor.
Mi. GIDDINGd. With my colleague's per- j
mission I will explain. I do not suppose there j
is any difficulty between us further than this: I |
nevei would have acted until I knew what the '
appropriation was for. 1 would not make the !
appropriation because I did not know,but because I
I did know, its purposes.
Mr. CAMPBELL. There are various other |
items in the amendments of the Senate; and by i
way of showing to the country how readily gen-!
tlemen adopt some amendments without regard
to the principle, whether the Senate have, or not,
the right to amend, I will call attention to one of
the amendments made by the Senate and unan-
imously concurred in by this House—without a
dissenting voice—either in the Committee of the
Whole or in the House proper. It appropriates
the snug little sum of $293,000 for the contingent
expenses of the House of Representatives—for
the cushioned chairs and luxurious lounges of the
committee rooms, and for the books which mem-
bers have voted themselves. That item was not
included in the bill when it was first reported from
the Committee of Ways and Means, for the reason
that the estimates were not laid before us; but on
application of that committee to the Senate com-
mittee it was inserted by that body ih the bill.
My colleague, [Mr. Stanton,] ever vigilant when
there is anything from the Committee of Ways
and Means in the way of appropriations for other
branches of the service, seemed to have lost sight
of the fact that there was here an appropriation
of near three hundred thousand dollars. Nothing
was said by him against paying for his comfort-
able chair, his books, &c., &c.; but he now dis-
covers something terrible m the idea that we are
to appropriate money for the transportation of the
men and the munitions of war to the Pacific coast.
There is, in his mind, something terrible in the
fact that the Committee of Ways and Means have
concurred in a Senate amendment which proposes
to send men and means to defend the pioneer in
the far-off West. He will never vote for that
appropriation unless the committee can show him
how many pounds of pork and how many bushels
of beans had been purchased to feed the soldier
on duty, and what they cost; but he docs not ap-
pear to deem it necessary to inquire what the
elegant chairs of his committee room cost, nor
what makes up the items of his own contingent
expenses as a member of this body. No; he
makes no war on that item of appropriation.
Mr. Speaker, some of the amendments of the
Senate were concurred in; others were disagreed
to, 1 think, properly. It is proper that I should
state the fact, that the Committee of Ways and
Moans, with one exception, (and he was a friend
of the Administration,) agreed, after examination,
that it was proper to recommend a concurrence
in the appropriation for Army deficiency; and
they did so. They also recommended a concur-
rence in the amendment to supply deficiencies in
the appropriations for the service of the judici-
ary. }Jy a close vote the House l cfused to concur
in these amendments; and as I understand it, after
two or three months of labor on this deficiency
bill, we stand in the position of either adopting
these amendments or rejecting the bill.
Mr. Speaker, I agree with the gentleman from
Georgia, that the Senate having appointed a third
committee of conference, it i%underthc circum-
stances, due to that body, due to the dignity of
this House and the credit of the country, that we
should appoint a third committee in order to as-
certain whether by another conference the bill
can become a jaw, and, if it cannot, that the
responsibility may r^st where it belongs. 1 am
willing to take my share of the responsibility.
Mr. CLINGMAN. My object in rising is to
submit an amendment to this resolution. I un-
derstand we have before us now, to vote upon, the
resolution which the managers of the committee
of conference on the part of the House have re-
ported. That resolution 1 suppose to be amend-
able like any other resolution pending.
Mr. McMULLIN. Will the gentleman from
North Carolina allow me to make a correction of
some remarks I made a few minutes since?
Mr. CLINGMAN. If you will consume but
a moment.
Mr. McMULLIN. I stated to the House,
when upon the floor before, that I was willing to
recede from the disagreement to the Army appro-
priation amendment if the Senate would recede
from the water-works amendment. I have been
informed by a gentleman from Georgia that the
commltree of conference on the part of the Sen-
ate were willing fo give up the Army appropria-
tion amendment, if the House would recede from
its objection to the water-works amendment. 1
felt it due to myself as well as to the committee
to state the fact, so that the House might see that,
by appointing another committee of conference,
the difficulty might be adjusted.
Mr. SEWARD. I desire to know if the gen-
tleman from Virginia alluded to me as the gentle-
man from Georgia who gave him the information ?
Mr. McMULLIN. I did not. I alluded to a
Senator from Georgia. I understand that the
difficulty can be accommodated if another com-
mittee of conference is appointed.
Mr. CLINGMAN. I desire to know of the
Chair whether he holds that this resolution is not
amendable? Something to that effect has been
said around me, and I do not know what the de-
cision of the Chair was upon that point.
The SPEAKER. The Chair understands that
this resolution is a report from the committee of
conference to the House, and, if it is such a re-
port, the Chair thinks it is the duty of the House
to act upon it as a whole. If it be negatived,
then the matter will be open to further action.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I would ask what*
would be the effect of laying this resolution on
the table ?
The SPEAKER. That is a matter for the
House to act upon in their discretion.
Mr. CLINGMAN. I might agree with the
Chair upon the point that, in voting upon the
report of a committee of conference, you cannot
separate the different items which it embraces.
Upon thatqucstion, however, I am not prepared to
say definitely what my opinion would be; but I am
clearly of opinion that you may amend this res-
olution as you might any other resolution pend-
ing before the House. The amendment I propose
would be to strike out the words," adhere to their
disagreement," and to substitute in lieu thereof
the words, recede from their disagreement." I
propose that amendment; and then, under the
decision of the Chair, I take it for granted, that
we should vote upon it as a whole, for it is com*
petent for the House, upon the coming in of the
report of its committee of conference, to recede
Jfcm its disagreement.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from North
Carolina will sue that the amendment which he
proposes is not in order, bccause the amendments
which are the subject of disagreement between
the two Houses are not in the possession of the
House.
Mr. GIDDINGS. I wish to understand the
point of order. I now understand the Speaker
to indicate that, if this resolution be laid upon the
table, we may take up the message from the Sen-
ate which has been sent to us in regard to this
bill.
The SPEAKER. That may be done.
Mr. GIDDINGS. My view was that, if the re-
port of the committee of conference having charge
of this bill was laid upon the table, it would carry
the whole subject-matter with it.
The SPEAfvER. The papers are not before'
the House, and the only thing to act upon is the
report of the committee of conference.
Mr. COBB, of Georgia. I rise to a point of
order. I wish to make a suggestion to the Chair,
which I think may relieve us from this difficulty.
It is that the motion made by the gentleman from
Ohio was out of order; that the House could not
act, nor could the committee report to the House
when the papers were not in possession of the
House. The committee of conference on the part
of the Senate had possession of them, and they
were returned to the Senate by them, as we are
informed by the action of the Senate. The ques-
tion is, is it in order for the House to act upon
the subject-matter at all, when the papers are in
possession of the other body ?
Mr. STANTON. The gentleman is mistaken
in supposing I made any motion. I made no mo-
tion at all.
Mr. JONES. But the gentleman from New
York [Mr. Pringle] did.
Mr. STANTON. The gentleman from New
York made the report of the committee.
Mr. COBB. Upon that point I stand correctcd.
I merely designated the chairman of the commit-
tee of conference, supposing he made the reports;
hut it makes no difference. The point I make is
that that committee could not ask the action of
the House, and that the House could notactwhen
the papers are not before the House; and that,
whether the committee agreed or disagreed, the
action of that House to which the papers go is
first had, and then the action of the other House,
The Senate committee carried the papers to the
Senate, and that body have acted, and the only
matter for us to act upon is the action of the
Senate.
I suggest to the gentleman from New York that
