1850.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
415
ordered to bo engrossed for a third reading. It
was read a third time, and passed.
RESOLUTIONS.
The PRESIDENT. The morning business
being through, the Chair will take up the resolu-
tions on the table in their order. The first is one
submitted by the Senator from New Hampshire,
[Mr. Hale,] in relation to the disturbances in
Kansas.
Mr. CLAY. As that Senator is not now in his
seat, I move to postpone the resolution till to-
morrow.
The motion was agreed to.
The PRESIDENT. The next resolution is
one offered by the Senator from New York, [Mr.
Seward,] for the purchase of seventy copies of
Lippinoott's Gazetteer.
Mr. CLAY. As that Senator is not present, I
move that the consideration of his resolution be
postponed for the present. n
The motion was agreed to.
The PRESIDENT. Thenextresolutionisonc
offered by the Senator from Iowa, [Mr. Jones,]
relative to the pay of committee clerks. A sim- !
ilar resolution has already been acted upon.
Mr. CLAY. As a similar resolution has already
been passed, I move that this bo laid 011 the table.
Mr. STUART. I would suggest to the Sen-
ator that the resolution which has been acted on
was not in terms like that which he now proposes
to lay on the table. This gives pay to all the
clerk.? of the committees from the commence-
ment of the session. The resolution which was
acted 011 gave pay only to a certain specified num-
ber. That is the difference between the two.
Mr. CLAY. Still I wish that this may lie on
the fable, for I think the other was very liberal.
I am not willing to give my support to this reso-
lution.
There being no objection the resolution \vz(s
laid over.
DISTURBANCES IN KANSAS.
The PRESIDENT. The next resolution is
one submitted by the Senator from Massachu-
setts [Mr. Wilson] 011 the 3d of January, rela-
tive to disturbances in the Territory of Kansas.
Mr. CLAY. I move that that be postponed
indefinitely.
Mr. WILSON. I was not aware that this
resolution would come up to-day, but as it has
come up, and as it is simply a resolution of in-
quiry, I see no reason for its indefinite postpone-
ment. I should be glad to have it adopted now,
in order that the information which it calls for
may be laid before the country.
The PRESIDENT. The resolution will be
read.
The resolution was read, as fellows:
Resolved, That the Ptesidrnit of the Cuir^cl ^latc ho ic-
qwMed to communicate to the Senate ail nitounauon m <\
the possession of the Executive m t e^p< ct 10 the disturb- j
atieor'm the Territory of Kansas, afTeetms? the rioodom of ; |
elections; and that he be anther requested to mfom the !J
Senate by what authority armed men tiom the State of !i
Miwnm were maiched into the Temtoiy of Kansas i|
against the peace and good Oldero^thosaidTrnitou*; and, ]j
al>o, what stop« havr> been taken by the Executive V> pie- '
vent these outlaws upon thp lesal riehts of the people of j!
tins Torritoiy; and what pei -on« holding office under exec- 1<
utivc appointment have participated m these acts, and to !
what extent.
Mr.WELLER. I donotperceivewhattheSen- !l
ator from Massachusetts expects to attain by this i
resolution. We have had a special message from i
the President of the United States on this subject, ;
and I take Jt for granted that the Senate is ali'vidy '
fully 111 possession of all the facts which have
reached the Executive in regard to the difficulties
in the Territory of Kansas'. I shall, therefore, :
vote to postpone this resolution, simplv for the
reason that I believe the Senate and the" country
are already in possession of all the facts which ;
we could obtain by its passage. !
Mr. FESSEiNDEN. I would suggest that the j
President's message puts us in possession of no |
particular facts on which the message is founded. ;
The object of this resolution, 1 suppose, is to get j
at the intelligence, if there be any in the posses- j
sion of the President. There are certainly two |
points mentioned in the resolution which are ,
not alluded to in the message; one in particular, 1
to which I call the attention of the Senator from
California, is the request for information as to '
what United States officers, if any, have been •
concerned in the transactions that have occurred
there.
Mr. WELLER. I did not understand the res-
olution as touching that point.
Mr. FESSENDEN. If I am not mistaken, it
does?. I ask that the resolution may be read again.
The resolution was again read.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The Senate will observe
that there are two points embraced in it, as 1 sug-
gested: one is a request on the President to inform
the Senate what steps have been taken by tiie
Executive, if any, with respect to the outrages
in Kansas, or the transactions there, whatever
they may be. Another is a request to inform the
Senate what United States officers, if any, have
participated in them. Now, sir, it is perfectly
manifest that the President has some informa-
tion upon which his message to us was predicated.
He speaks 111 that message of certain movements
in other States with reference to colonizing Kan-
sas; and he speaks also of the transactions which
have taken place on the border; but he does uot
communicate to us any particular information.
We have 110 official information from anyquaiter.
All the knowledge that we can gather is from
newspapers and from private intelligence. The
President, of course, does not speak from such
loose intelligence as that, but from reliable infor-
mation in his own possession. Well, sir, there
is no impropriety, but, it strikes me, every pro-
priety, in having that intelligence communicated
to the Senate, so that the country may be in
possession of some definite information on the
subject, especially as the public mind is so much
agitated in reference to the matter.
As it is a mere resolution of inquiry, as it is
respectful in its terms, and as it seeks'informa-
tion of which the country is very much in need,
[do not see any reason for postponing it indefi-
nitely, or why it should not be permitted to
take the course which resolutions of inquiry of
thjPi kind arc generally permitted to take without
objection. I hope, therefore, it will not be post-
poned. A t any rate, I ask for the yeas and nays
on that mution.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. ^ULEE, Mr. President, if I heard cor-
rectly the reading of the resolution, it assumes,
on the part of the Senate, the fact that armed
bands have been marched from Missouri into the
Territory of Kansas, and calls on the President
to inform us if any, and if so, what steps have
been taken to redress such outrages. Is the Sen-
ate in possession of the fact that such occurrences
have transpired? I am not, sir; and I am not
willing to assume the fact as existing, and to call
on the Administration for a defense upon a fact
which 1 do not know to exist.
-fciNow, sir, in reference to this whole subject, I
take 11 that the Committee on Territories, under
the reference which has been made to it of the
recent message of the President 011 the state of
affairs 111 Kansas, will have the whole subject
under consideration, and will call for such further
information as they may think essential to en-
lighten them in their action upon the subject; ,
and when we shall have received their report, if
anything further should he wanting, it seems to \
me the>*e would then be ample time for action 011 '
the part of the Senate. 1 do not perceive any (
good that can result from inquiries made now !
haphazard. We know nothing but what has .
been communicated by the President's message.;
That message is now m the hands of a commit-
tee, and we are waitrsg for ihtir leport. I take i
it (or granted they will inform themselves 011 the '
matters material to their inquiries. 1 ."hall there- ;
fore vote tor the postponement of this resolution. (
Mr. GEYER. Mr. President, I should have ^
no objection to this resolution if it were not en-
tirely parual. and did not exclude all inquiry into ,
the origin of the troubles in Kansas. If you,
will extend the call for information, so that we j
may learn by what authority armed men have i
been sent into Kansas from other States, for •
purposes of armed occupation, I shall have no '
objection to the inquiry. I object to this resolu-1
tion not only on account of the limit which it at- i
tempts to prescribe to the inquiry, but also be-
cause it assumes as a fact, that armed men have ;
been marched into the Territory of Kansas from
the State of Missouri. That men have passed
over the borders, and have endeavored to protect
the ballot box from an attemnt on the part of
those armed colonists to whom I have alluded,
to control the elections there, I have no doubt.
That disorders have existed there can be no
question; but, sir, those disorders originated not
on the borders, but they are to be attributed to
an extraordinary organization, unprecedented I
believe, of what is called an "Emigrant Aid
Society"—the first attempt ill the history of
this country to take possession of an organized
Territory, and exclude from it the inhabitants
of other portions of the Union.
Now, sir, I would wish the honorable Senator
to extend his inquiry, or propose a committee to
inquire into the facts, that we may be informed
why it is that those organizations are limited in
their operation exclusively to the colonization of
the Territory of Kansas; why there is no emi-
grant aid society for Nebraska; why there is none
for Oregon, New Mexico, or Utah? Sir, we un-
derstand that this society was organized and in-
corporated for the purpose of colonizing Kansas.
Whether they have furnished money to purchase
arms for the culonists sent there for the purpose
of occupying the Territory, I shall not undertake
to say; but that money has been furnished, that
they have been armed, and that they have used
those arms m endeavoring to control the settle-
ments in that Territory, there can be no sort of
question. Let us, then, have an unrestricted in-
quiry, which will bring the whole matter fairly
before the country.
Mr. FESSENDEN. This debatehas risen very
suddenly, and altogether very unexpectedly to me.
In fact, I had entirely forgotten that the resolu-
tion was 011 the table; but since it is before us, I
will say that it strikes me as one so entirely free
from any reasonable objection—from any objec-
tion except that which grows out of the nature
of the subject itself in the minds of gentlemen—
that I am somewhat surprised that there should
be any unwillingness to have it take the course
usual with resolutions of inquiry. Sir, the Sen-
ator from Florida says that we have 110 reason to
suppose that there have been any disturbances in
that region.
Mr. YULEE. No, sir. The Senator will ex-
cuse me for correcting him. I did not say so. 1
stated that the resolution assumed as a tact that
which I do not know to be a fact, and which the
Senate does not know be a fact, to wit: that armed
bands have been marched from Missouri to the
Territory of Kansas with hostile or disorganizing
or disorderly purposes. It assumes, on the part
of the Senate, that fact; and to that I object.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Well, I understand that
to amount to about, the same thing; but it is of
no kind of consequence, perhaps, in this regard
what the purpose was, if the fact exists. I sug-
gest to the Senator and to the Senate that we must,
and do in many instances, take our information
on which resolutions of inquiry are founded from
public notoriety, even public suspicion,* of the
fact. It is for the very reason that we have no
authentic and reliable intelligence, that we arc
obliged to call for information from that quarter
where we may expect to find it. As to the fact
of disturbances having occurred, we have it from
the President's message itself. He speaks,in the
message which he sends to us, of disturbances
on that border, and he speaks also of the occasion
sriven for those disturbances m another quarter.
We have, therefore, the intimation, we have the
assertion of the fact; and the object of the reso-
lution—Us sole object—is that we may have some
authentic information, if that information is in
possession of the Executive, from which we may
discover what the foundation is for the assertions
made in the message. If the President thinks it
worth his while to send a message to us, calling®
the attention of Congress and the country to an
existing state of facts of an important public
nature, it is well that the information which he
has 111 relation to them should be laid before the
Senate and the country, so that we may have
something on which to rely, if any action of ours
is called for.
It is important in another aspect, as I intimated
before, because the public mind is exceedingly
excited on the subject. I do not say with what
justice in one quarter or another; I only say that
the fact exists, and if it does exist, it seems to me
a very strange thing that Senators are unwilling-
that the information in the possession of the Ex-
ecutive should be kept there, (it being, perhaps,
