1856.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1143
•with a population ten times as great as that of the
city of Washington, gets along with one sixth
the amount of water. So the arrangements for
supplying the city of Washington with water is
sixty times greater than the demands of the city
and the Government require. Had the Govern-
ment taken the proper course to get a supply of
water only sufficiently abundant for its wants,
there would have been no difficulty thrown in its
way. But they have gone on to construct this
enormous conduit of brick, which will crumble
to dust before the city will require anything like
the supply of water which its size will furnish.
A supply is to be brought from Georgetown
heights under a head which would burst any con-
duit, though it were constructed of iron, to say
nothing of the brick arch. If an engineer em-
ployed by a company to construct such a work
should commit such a fatal mistake as that which
has been committed by these engineers, he would
be discharged from the service of such com-
pany.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I wish to inquire
of the gentleman from Pennsylvania who are
the gentlemen composing the company who want
this charter; where they are from; what interest
they have; and if they are citizens of this Dis-
trict?
Mr. COVODE. I will say in answer, that the
name of Colonel Garey of Philadelphia, a wealthy
and distinguished citizen, stands at the head of the
list; that Mr. Lane, the president of the North-
western Railroad company, who is familiar with
contracting and doing this kind of work, who
is building hundreds of miles of railroad at the
same time, is another; that Colonel Painter, who
is familiar with the construction of water-works,
because he has been engaged in them one half of
his life time, is another; that Mr. H. Haupt, the
greatest engineer in the country—I s^ greatest,
because in all my experience in the^fcussiness I
have never met a man who came half way up
to him—is another of the company; and that a
Bian who had to go to New England very lately,
to construct a tunnel four and a half miles long,
through a mountain, and who has the whole
charge of the work, is another of that company.
They and some other gentlemen' of Washington
end Philadelphia, and elsewhere, controlling a
sufficient capital, want to build the work without
a dollar of money from the Government.
Mr. JONES. Do any of them live in this Dis-
trict?
Mr. COYODE. One of the gentlemen who
gave me a great deal of the information I have,
lives in the District.
Mr. JONES. Who is he?
Mr. COVODE. I do not recollect his name.
Mr. JONES. I ask the gentleman if he is will-
ing to put the construction of works to supply
tills city with water in the power of a corporation ?
Mr. COVODE. I am, if they will give abund-
ant security to the Government that they will
supply the city with water at a cost not to exceed
$1,000,000, and leave one fifth of the whole
amount in the hands of the Government until the
whole is completed, and receive their pay only as
the work progresses. Under such circumstances
I would put the works in the hands of a company
in preference to putting it in the hands of the en-
gineers in the employ of the Government.
I did not intend to throw any difficulties in the
way of the construction of the water-works until
I saw the loose manner in which that business
has been carried on, and until I was convinced
that the pl/fMi which has been adopted would not
answer th#purposes for which it was intended.
Mr. JONES. The gentleman says that one of
the members of this proposed company lives in
this District, but that he does not recollect his
name. I ask him if thatgentleman is not a sub-
contractor under the superintendentof this work?
Mr. COVODE. I do not know as to that.
That gentleman gave me some of my information
in regard to the defects and difficulties of the
present plan. I think his name is Clusky.
Now, Mr. Speaker, if I have answered the
questions of the gentleman from Tennessee, I will
say, that if there can be any other arrangement
made by which this city and the Government can
be supplied with water at a cost not to exceed
&1,000,000, to the Government, I will not throw
any obstacles in the way. The reason of my
objection k> this is that I do not believe
that the Government would be supplied by it, at
a cost of $10,000,000. The water-works of the
city of New York cost $19,500,000, and they are
not quite double the length of this work, while
this is about double the capacity of that. The
conduit of the works of the city of New York is
only seven feet in diameter, while they say that
we should construct a work here nine feet in
diameter.
Now, Mr. Speaker, if it were reasonable to
suppo&e that this place would ever contain a pop-
ulation of one and a half or two millions within
the time before this brick conduit will all crumble
to dust, there might be some force in the argu-
ments of the friends of the water-works who ask
this appropriation. But I think before this city
will have a population which will require more
water than can be conveyed in a three feet metal
pipe, the brick work will be reduced to dust, and
I believe that at the commencement it will never
bear to be filled with water. It will not bear the
head which is to be put upon it unless it is
bound with iron from end to end.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I am one of those
who„ from the commencement, have opposed the
construction of this work. I was opposed to it
because I was not satisfied that this Government
had the power to make the work. I wets opposed
to it because I did not think it exactly right and
just to take the money of the whole people of the
country, and appropriate it for the special benefit
of the people of this District. But, sir, if this
work is to progress, and is to be completed by
money paid from the Treasury of the United
States, I prefer its prosecution under tho present
arrangement, to any other that could be made.
It seems to me, Mr. Speaker, that the secret is
now out; and that the opposition to this plan is
not for the purpose of saving the public Treasury
from the expenditure of money with which to
construct this work, but because there is a com-
pany behind, asking for a charter giving to them
the right to construct this work, and to sell the
water in this city. Did you ever know a case
in this or any other country where a charter was
asked for, that it was not put upon the ground
that it was for the benefit—the exclusive benefit
—and the promotion of the happiness and welfare
of the people ? Where did you ever hear of a
company when it had once got its charter and
was organized, that had any respect for its pro-
visions or any regard for those on whose interests
they based their claims to take that charter?
It seems to me, Mr. Speaker, that gentlemen
here do not understand, as I do, this subject of a
deficiency bill. The gentleman from Ohio. [Mr.
Stanton,] if I understood him aright, said that
the last session of Congress under Mr. Van Bu-
ren's administration failed to make appropria-
tions for the first year of the administration un-
der General Harrison and Mr. Tyler.
Mr. STANTON. I said " sufficient appropri-
ations."
Mr. JONES. They made the appropriations,
sir. Up to that time the fiscal year was the cal-
endar year, commencing with the 1st of January
and expiring with the 31st of December. The
last session of Congress under Mr. VanBuren's
administration expired on the 3d ofMarch, 1841,
and that session of Congress made the appropri-
ations for the fiscal and calendar year of 1841.
General Harrison was inaugurated on the 4th of
March of that year. The first regular session
of Congress under that Administration—General
Harrison having died, and Mr. Tyler having suc-
ceeded to the executive duties of the Govern-
ment—met on the firstMonday in December, 1841.
The fiscal and calendar year expired on the last
day of that month, and with that year the appro-
priations expired. That session of Congress con-
tinued till September. Congress was in session
some seven or eight months, or longer, after that
fiscal year had commenced, and made no appro-
priations for the year. Then it was in that year,
1842, that they changed the fiscal year, and en-
acted that the fiscal year should commence on the
1st of July of each year, and expire on the 30th
of June following. That Congress also appropri-
ated for the first half of the year 1843, commencing
on the 1st of January and expiring on the 30th
of June, 1843. it also, if my memory serves me
aright, appropriated for the first entire fiscal year
under the new arrangement, commencing 1st July,
1843, and terminating 80th June, lSU—mert than
one year in advance; and when the next Con-
fress met here in December, 1843, seven months
pfore the expiration of that fiscal year, they were
informed by the Administration that the appro-
priations made were not sufficient for the service
of that year.
Hence arose the necessity for deficiency bills.
Prior to that, if there was not money enough
appropriated for the preceding year,' which had
expired on the 31st of December, then, when the
regular appropriations came up—the year having
passed—they put them in the same bill, and ap-
propriated the money if it was necessary.
Mr. STANTON. I wish to explain. It is
undoubtedly true that, prior to 1841, the deficien-
cies were met in the annual appropriation bills.
But my point is that you can find no appropria-
tion, either in the annual appropriation "ilia, or
anywhere else, to supply deficiencies prior to
1841, except here and there accidentally. There
is no such thing between 1833 and 1842.
Mr. JONES. They did not then make what
are now known as deficiency bills.
Mr. STANTON. No, sir.
Mr. JONES. But if the estimates and appro-
priations were not sufficient for the service of the
year, then the succeeding Congress was asked
for an appropriation; and if it thought it right, it
made it. It might not appear in the appropria-
tion as a deficiency; but still, if it were required,
and Congress were satisfied that the public service
required it, it was granted.
Mr. STANTON. But my point, Mr. Speaker,
is this: The gentleman will find that wherever
there were deficiencies,and an appropriation made
to meet them, they are so stated in one of the
regular appropriation bills. But my pointis, that,
in point of fact, the expenditures were always
covered by the estimates in the regular appro-
priation bills. There was here and there an ac-
cidental failure—once, perhaps, in ten y£ars, and
to an amount short of §100,000. The gentleman
cannot find any «ase other than such as that.
Mr. JONES. I oare not whether it is recom-
mended as an original appropriation, or whether
it is recommended as a deficiency. I would as
lief vote for the amount of money in a deficiency
bill as in any other bill, if I believed that it was
right. But, sir, do you complain because the
officers of the Government do not make larger
estimates and ask for more money ? And because
they have not asked for enough in the first in-
stance, and because the appropriation is insuffi-
cient, if they come again and ask you for an
amount to supply that deficiency, and show you
that the deficiency is right, I see no reason why
it should not be voted then, as well as if it had
been asked a year before. Now, sir, I do not
understand this water appropriation in this bill
to be a deficiency. As I understand it, the gen-
tleman from Ohio was in gross error when he
stated that the engineer in charge of this work
had expended money or incurred liabilities beyond
the appropriations which had been made.
Mr. STANTON. I did not say so. I stated
distinctly, Mr. Speaker, that we said to the Sen-
ate committee, we did not put our opposition to
it on the ground that it was not a deficiency; but
that we made the general question that the House
regarded the appropriation as improper. I admitted
that it was no deficiency, but told the Senate com-
mittee that we did not make that point upon them,
and that it was not on account of that, that it WiM
rejected by the House.
Mr. JONES. 1 suppose, then, it was the gen-
tleman from Pennsylvania who said it. Now,
as I understand this question, the engineer sub-
mitted his estimate for the whole work at two or
three millions of dollars, and asked that a ccrtain
amount of it—perhaps $500,000—should be ap-
propriated for the now current fiscal year; that
Congress approved his recommendation and his
estimates by giving him, not what he asked for
the fiscal year, but |300,000. Instead of giving
five, they gave him three. My own opinion is
that the Congress which received his estimate,
indorsed his plan, and was willing to undertake
the work on that estimate and recommendation,
should have appropriated the amount which he
said was required, or such amount as they be-
lieved would be required to perfect the v/m'Jr.
Now, why is it that he asks for this $300)000.
It is because, in his opinion, it could be profitably
exptmdsd ttsfbre the expiratiBn ctf flit" yWt "
