406
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[Apnl 16,
34th Cong....1st Sess.
Admission of Kansas—Mr. Jones, o f Iowa.
Senate.
that day to this; and will my colleague, in the
face of these facts, argue that the fathers of the
Republic acknowledged the equality of the races?
Whenever a negro or mulatto in time of war has
risen above his condition as a slave, and has
borne arms in the service of the country, he has
been awarded or relieved by special legislation—
which more than implies that he was not included
in the general legislation of the country.
But if my colleague would imply by his argu-
ment, or desire to have it believed, that negroes
have a political equality, in any sense of the word,
in Iowa, he does great injustice to the good sense
and propriety of her citizens. By the constitu-
tion of the State, all negroes and mulattoes are
excluded from the right of suffrage. The second
article, on the right of suffrage, provides that
"white male citizens" only shall be entitled to
▼ote. And by the law of the State, chapter 130,
it is provided that <l every human being of suffi-
cient capacity to understand the obligation of an
oath is a competent witness in all cases, both
civil and criminal, except as herein otherwise de-
clared. But an Indian, a negro, a mulatto, or
black person, shall not be allowed to give testi-
mony in any cause wherein a white person is a
party."
My colleague must be conversant with these pro-
visions, and he must also be aware that it is against
the law of Iowa for a free negro to come into the
State. He ought to know, too, that these laws
reflect the opinions of the people of the State at
this time, for, during the session of the very Legis-
lature by whose proceeding my colleague claims
a seat in this bouy, an effort was made to repeal
these provisions of law, but proved a most abor-
tive failure. Even an anti-Nebraska-Abolition
Legislature would not venture the repeal of what
are called the black laws of the State. Though
labor was in great demand, and domestics could
scarcely be had at any price, an abolition Legis-
lature, with all their unextinguishable fires of
sympathy, would not allow negroes to emigrate
to Iowa, or exercise the right of suffrage, or to
even give testimony in a caae where their most
sacrea rights might be involved, against a white
man. Even my colleague's political friends, in
the zenith of their power—in the heat of their
xeal—in the first exercise of legislative benevo-
lence—refused to grant the negro any political
rights whatever; and they did deny to the whole
race, by solemn acts of legislation, what my col-
league has asserted in unequivocal terms—the
equality of the black man and the white man. His
own partv has rejected his doctrine in his own
State; and that the sentiments of the people of
Iowa may not be misrepresented, I have tres-
passed upon the patience and time of the Senate
to-daj-.
I will not attribute to my colleague a desire to
establish by his argument a social equality be-
tween the black and white races: that would be
shocking—loathsome. I am willing to accord to
htm all that is due to a gentleman occupying a
seat on this floor, and give to his doctrine the
most charitable construction of which it is sus-
ceptible. Nor do I wish to suppose that my col-
league has assumed his present singular position
from a desire to amuse himself and the Senate by
yhat he may have conceived to be an innocent
display of learning and research. Such recre-
ation might prove to be the madman's leap for
fame over Niagara's cataract, gaining his fearful
landing-place to be buried in the depths of its
whirlpools.
Y'11"?1 be expected of me, Mr. President,
to defend the President of the United States from
the attacks and censures of my colleague. My
feelings towards the President, I am proud to
«ay, are of the most friendly and respectful kind;
and they have been produced by a constant and
impartial observance of his public career, from
the time he occupied a seat, first in the other and
then in this body, from 1835 up 10 this day.
His patriotism, integrity, firmness, and en-
lightened statesmanship, both as a law-maker
upon the floors of Congress, and as Chief Magis-
trate of the Confederacy, are vindicated by his
record, and he may proudly and confidently refer
the charges heaped up against him by fanaticism
and sectionalism to the verdict of his country-
men and of impartial history. Hi* administra-
tion has been marked by the most serious trials
and the most splendid triumphs; questions of
diplomatic difficulty have been treated with a
degree of wisdom, candor, and firmness which
has placed the country, in all its controversies
with other nations, in an impregnable position,
defended by justice, self-respect, and moderation.
Domestic embarrassments, arisingoutof sectional
agitation, directed against the Constitution and
against the equality of the States of the Union,
and rendered more furious and determined by the
attempt to return to constitutional and just prin-
ciples in the enactment of the Nebraska-Kansas
bill, have been met in the spirit of a bold and
j self-sacrificing patriotism. In the local disorders
i of Kansas, upon which my colleague and his
| confederates draw for all the materiel of their
accusations, denunciations, and disrespectful im-
putations against the President, I find no act of
nis which is not preeminently marked by mod-
| eration and devotion to duty. It was his duty to
remove the officer guilty of malfeasance. It was
his duty to sustain the government which Con-
gress had established for Kansas, against rebellion
and insubordination, until it was superseded by
State sovereignty legitimately inaugurated; but
his efforts to this end have been marked by an
earnest and philanthropic desire to restore peace
and order by the moral force of the law, and thus
avoid the bloodshed and anarchy which abolition
aid societies and reverend panegyrists of Sharpe's
rifles have labored unceasingly to precipitate. Sir,
the facts acquit the President of every charge,
and reflect imperishable honor upon his head and
heart, while they fix ineffaceably the infamy of
attempting to incite civil and fratricidal war, and
encouraging treason, upon those who denounce
him.
Who, sir, has not known—and what patriot
has not trembled in view of the fact—that the
slightest misstep, one single imprudent act, one
incautious word, might in a moment kindle into
furious flames the insurrectionary spirit engen-
dered in Kansas by Abolition agitators? Who
has not known that the flames once kindled in
Kansas would sweep eastward, fanned by the
ravings of fanaticism, like the prairie-fire driven
by the tornado, involving State after State in the
struggle, in which the Union, its hallowed memo-
ries and its glorious mission, would be trampled
under foot and drenched in blood ?
And who, sir, has sought to avert the calamity ?
To whom is it due that there are as yet no battle-
fields in Kansas, where Americans have offered
up their lives, victims of the fell spirit of treason ?
Is it to those who have sent tneir emissaries
throughout the North, summoning the fanatic to
arms by appeals to prejudice and passion? Is it j
to those who have derided the Union, treated
with contempt the power of the Federal Govern-
ment, and desecrated the pulpit by preaching the
moral efficacy of Sharpe's rifles and gunpowder?
Is it to those who ignore constitutions, and fan
the belligerent spirit of their deluded followers
by lessons in the " higher law"—placing the
deadly rifle in their hands, and bidding them use
it, in God's name and in the name of freedom?
Is it, sir, to the moderation and patriotism of
those who on this floor have derided and defied
the power of the Government, and declared to ;
their misguided partisans in Kansas, from this
Senate Chamber, " that the first federal musket;
fired in defense of law in the Territory would 1
echo through the valleys of the North, and kindle
the beacon of battle upon every mountain?" Sir,
are we indebted to these men that the law is still
supreme in Kansas ? Do we owe it to them that
the fearful crisis has passed, and the Union has
once more, as it did in 1850, survived the desper- ■
ate and combined assaults of its domestic enemies,
of every hue and color? No, sir; the country
appreciates their efforts and designs at their just
value; and it is the consciousness of this fact that
has infused into their demonstrations so much
implacable and revengeful hostility to the Presi-
dent. It is to him, sir, cooperating, as Chief
Magistrate, in executing the will of Congress,
and thwarting the designs of sectional agitators,
that we owe the present peace and security. Had
he yielded to the first premature demand for the
assistance of United States troops—had he fkiled
at the proper juneture to assume the responsi-
bility, and interpose the Federal arm between the
belligerents, with the determination to check
insubordination, to panish lawlessness, and pro-
tect either party in their rights under the organic
act—the designs of the agitators would have been
accomplished in forcing the issues to the test of
battle.
I believe, sir, that the patriotic and conservative
men of all parties, in all the States, recognize the
fact, that the policy of the President in regard to
Kansas has been dictated by the most earnest
desire to preserve peace, to do impartial justice,
and to protect all from outrage and oppression.
And I believe, sir, thatwhilethe Democratic party
and the great mass of the conservative and think-
ing portion of the old Whig party have accepted,
as republican and constitutional, the doctrine
of popular sovereignty as enunciated in the Ne-
braska-Kansas bill, they are also ready to vindi-
cate the conduct of the President in carrying out
the law, and grateful to him for the prudence,
firmness, and impartial justice with which he has
arrested the dangers that threatened the Union,
in the practical application of the principle in the
Territory of Kansas; dangers, I repeat, resulting
solely frontothe treasonable machinations of those
who now so vehemently denounce him as their
author. But, sir, let hiscountrymen judge between
him and his accusers. The facts are before
them, and they need no elucidation from me.
Mr. President, before I take my seat I would
state that I am not a champion of slavery. I
am in favor of precisely such a constitution as
that of the State in which I have fixed my home,
and where I should hope my grave will be made—
a State of free white men. My choice has been
made from lessons of experience, obtained by a
residence in a slave State—as the owner of slaves—
and by a residence almost as long in Wisconsin
and Iowa, where all our laborers and domestics
are white men and white women, hired at apric#
agreed upon per week, month, or year. With
slaves you may have your work done at less di-
rect pecuniary outlay; but it will not be well
done—while your mind will be constantly ha-
rassed by the cares of superintending. The
white laborer is generally trustworthy, industri-
ous and intelligent; and,asfarmersand gardeners,
I have usually found them capable of giving
instead of roquiring directions from me.
My former colleague, General A. C. Dodge, at
the time when the Kansas and Nebraska bill was
before the Senate, said, that were he a settler in
Kansas he would use all his legal powers to make
it a free State; but if outvoted he would submit
without a murmur. This is my position—this I
deem to be true Americanism—true Republican-
ism—true Democracy. If the people of Missouri,
or of any other State have done wrong, I will
make for them no apology or defense. If the
full constitutional powers of the Executive of the
Republic are to be called into exercise to maintain
the law and preserve order, I will support the
Executive by my vow here; and, should it become
necessary, would shed my blood to transmit to
my children, unimpaired, the glorious legacy left
us by the fathers of the Revolution—the Union
and the Constitution.
What, I may be permitted to ask, do my col-
league and his coadjutors contemplate by their
; warfare on the Administration ? Is this warfare
j one of the links in the concatenation of measures
| by which they mean to effect the abolition of the
i negro's bondage, and to turn loose upon our
i country the entire slave population of the south-
1 ern States? If this be their object, let the inten-
tion be declared by my colleague, and thus place
the issue honestly before the people of our State,
, and of the country.
Before I pass this subject, sir, permit me to
call the attention of the Senate to the political
consistency involved in this eflbrt to magnify the
evidences of the social, physical, mental, moral,
and political equality of the races. The whole
party who rallied to the support of my colleague
in the Legislature of the State of Iowa were the
self-styled American party. They urged that the
foreign element of the country threatened to under-
mine the social system, and overthrow the civil
Government; and for this alleged reason some of
their most enlightened statesmen proposed such
an amendment of the naturalization laws as would
