418
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 14,
have discharged their duty properly if an oppor-
tunity had been given to them to do so; but if
birds of this character, with their proud pinions
and game spirit, will soar aloft with the eagle,
let them not complain of being dazzled by the rays
of the sun. Sir, I think it an assumption to dis-
pose of men thus, because they are old and feeble:
u >as a false principle in the judgment of the
board. I might allude to other cases, but I have
used that of Commodore Stewart only as an illus-
tration; and now 1 must comc to the more humble
office of vindicating my own constituents who
have committed their cases to my charge.
• ;The first which I wish to allude to is that of
young Rolando. At the very time when he was
condemned—if rumor reaches me rightly, and I
have a right now to allude to rumor—at the very
time when he was impeached on the ground that
he was a coward and a drunkard—in that very
month, I believe, he was on duty in the Chinese
seas, gaining a distinction and a reputation rarely
^warded to any man in any service whatever. I
wish the Senate to hear the testimony of Mr.
McLane in favor of Rolando, and also the extrav-
agant opinions which were entertained of him by
the Chinese.
The Secretary read the following extracts:
Extract from the Report of the Hon. Robert M. McLane,
United States Commissioner to China, to Hon, Mr. Marcy,
Secretary of State.
Efforts have been repeatedly made by the united foices
of Great Britain and the United States, to repress these
piratical hostilities, but without much elfect; and tlio diffi-
culty of distinguisliing between the pirates and the traders
proper is very great, tor all the coasting vessels are armed,
and alternately engaged in trade and piracy.
In this connection! take great pleasure m bringing to the
attention of the Government the gallant and enterprising
conduct of Lieutenant Henry Rolando, of the United States
brig Poipoise, who recently, in conjunction with a Portu-
guese lorcha and a detachment of boats fiom the French
frigate Jeanne <PArc, all united under command of Lieu-
tenant llolando, after a search that displayed great energy
and perseverance, discovered and dispersed a laige fleet of
pirates withm a few miles of Macao, and of a much larger
force than the attacking party. The pirates, favored by
light breezes and the shallow water of the bay where they
were discovered, made their ©scape, and 111 mroatuig
opened fire very handsomely on their pursuers, who rescued
Beveral merchant junks that had been captured by them
only a few days before.
The Governor of Macao, the French Minister residing
there, with many others, especially our own countrymen^
referred in terms of pride and satisfaction to the conduct ot
Lieutenant llolando, not less distinguished by his gallantry
and enterprise, than by his humanity and generous benevo-
lence in rescuing, at great peisonal hazard and exposure,
the shipwrecked passengers of the ship lJygea, a full repoit
of which 1 have the honor to transmit herewith, (inaikod*
D,) from the American Consul at Hong Kong, embracing a
narrative of the assistance rendered by Lieutenant Rolando
to several American ships on the coast of China, with The
official correspondence between the consul and Commander
Ringgold, commanding United States Exploring Expedition,
directing Lieutenant Rolando to perform this service.
ROBERT M. McLANE,
United States Commissioner to China.
Hon. Mr. Marcy, Secretary of State,
Letter of Thanhs from the Chinese resetted by Lieutenant
Rolando from the Pratas Shoal. 7\anslatc.d by Peter
Parker, fesq.
The grateful acknowledgments of upwards of five hun-
dred and twenty subjects ot the Great Pan Dynasty, belong-
ing to the districts of Kal Ping and Gau Ping, Lin Nmg, and
Ling llwng, in the Department of Knang Chow, 111 the
Province of Knang Tang.
On the fourtli day of the fifth month, (30th May, 3854,)
we embarked at Hong Kong for San Francisco, tn pursuit
of a livelihood, and on the night of the 18th of the same
month arrived at the Pratas iShoal, when our vc-^el was
wieckedon a large rock ; we, the meichants m the wrecked
Vessel, famishing with cold and Imnser, had no way of
escape with our lives, and were confined in great distress
and difficulty. Our captain, with the chief officer* and
Bailors, each, without thinking of saving us, took a small
vessel, and privately fled to anotherplaee. We, the mer-
chants on board the ship, had no alternative but to take a
small boat and land, and reside on the Pratas Shoal for
twenty-odd days, when our provisions were all expended,
destitute of any vessel in which to escape with our lives,
when, on the sixth month and third day, the American
chief compassionately sent to the brig of war Porpoise,
Captain Henry Rolando, who, hearing at Hong Kong of
our situation, m the exercise of great humanity, to deliver
us fiom our perilous condition, immediately prepared and
provisioned his vessel, and taking with him Knang Athcn,
of the district of Puan Ju. as pilot, spread sail and sought
for the Pratas Shoal, which he reached at noon on the
seventh day, and delivered u-? from our pmla, and took ua
oiF, and immediately returned to /long Kong. Moreover,
on boaid the vessel theie were ten men and moie very sick,
foi whom he provided medical aid and healed them. This
favor to u< is as vast as the ocean, and Ju-. righteousness a?
high a* the heavens. Truly we again behold the sun in
the heavens, and our present joy exceeds all hope, and the
favor received is boundless.
But wo all now are destitute of returning to our homes,
and, tlieiefore, aie unable to recompense him; and can only
present him with this written expression of our gratitude
for his favor, expressive of our sincere and heartfelt wishes
to Captain Henry Rolando, that his happiness may be conv
parable to the hills and mountains in magnitude, and that
Ins longevity may be as gieat as that of the pines and cedars
—in wealth, may he be like Tam Chow, and may he be hon-
ored with offices as high as Sze, (an ancient Prime Minis-
ter of China.) These are our sentiments. Tinough myriads
of years, we shall bear about with us the recollection of the
virtuous acts with which his kindness has bedewed us.
LUG YUEN CHING, ) n, „ +
LUG CIIING PE, $ Characters.
To the original is appended five hundred and
twenty-four names.
Mr. BUTLER. Mr. President, I leave Ro-
lando with the Chinese compliment, and Mr. Mc-
Lane 's notice, and I think it will be very difficult
for the board to defend that judgment in view of
these facts. I have no doubt that Mr. Rolando
would be restored to the Navy after that state-
ment, for, clearly, the judgment of the board could
not have been founded on proper information in
regard to him. I leave his case, with these state-
ments, and I come now to that of another gen-
tleman, Lieutenant MafEt.
Lieutenant Maffit, perhaps, has some enemies
in the Navy. I am not one of those who, in at-
tempting to defend Lieutenant Maffit, would seek
to acquit him, if he has become justly obnoxious
to any of the members of the board; but I cannot
allude here to those circumstances. From what
I have heard, LieutenantMaffit has been selected,
on account of his scientific attainments, to do duty
in connection with the coast survey, and very
high tributes have been paid to him by Professor
Bache, who has charge of that survey. Ibelieve
the last time that he sailed on board a naval ship
was with Commodore Shubrick, in the Macedo-
nian, in 1840. Probably he has not been at sea
since that, but, in justice to him, I must say that
Lieutenant Maffit has been engaged in important
and arduous duty on the coast of Virginia, South
Carolina, New Ifork, and Massachusetts, and I
have been informed by respectable officers, that
if those coasts had to be defended to-morrow,
there is not in the Navy any individual who
would be selected in preference to Lieutenant
Maffit, if ability were to be the guide.
To be sure, ho has not done what my friend
from Florida has spoken of—he has not trod the
quarter-deck upon the ocean, of late years, but
he has been in perilous service, lie lias been in
boats, making surveys of shoals and of harbors;
and 1 believe that to-morrow, if our coast were
invaded, Maffit would be qualified to take the
first place and position for Ins rank. He has not
sailed in a naval vessel for years, but there stands
the fact before you, that he is now engaged in
service of great importance to t3ie country. Let
me ask, why he has not been at sea? Let those
gentlemen who look so much to sea-service an-
swer mc—why has Lieutenant Maffit not been
at sea? The Secretary of the Navy could have
ordered him to sea at any time he chose. Those
gentlemen who, it is said, have lost their sea-legs,
and have lost something of the experience to be
acquired only on board ship, have always been
under the orders of the Secretary of the Navy;
and why has he allowed them to remain on shore,
and lose that intelligence which he could compel
them, by his orders, to acquire? In nine cases
out of ten, they have so much merit and so much
science that they have been invited to a service
for which the members of the Navy are not, per-
haps, generally fit. Sir, every man who can fight
is not, necessarily, the only person who can per-
form high functions in the military or naval ser-
vice. If Lieutenant Maury were to demonstrate
to the world, by his wind and current charts, the
best manner of navigating ships, and if he were
to discover laws of the universe under which life
would be better protected, will you tell me that
because he did not learn it on board a quarter-
deck, it should be of no use. That which would
induce other Governments to raise monuments to
him for his discoveries, is to be the source of
detraction, because he happens to have a little
more science than suits the taste of many gen-
tlemen.
Now, sir, I come to the case of an old gentle-
man of my acquaintance—CaptainPaine. He has
been placed on the reserved list, and I believe he
is perfectly satisfied with that, provided you take
him from the furlough list, and place him on the
more honorable retired list with the larger pay.
I know the old man well. I know him, too, not
only by a personal introduction to him, but 1
know him by his walk. One of his legs is shorter
than the other. How did it become so? In con-
sequence of a shot which he received in battle.
Not a taint ever affected the moral character of
this gentleman. 1 know him well. 1 have seen
him in full uniform; and now that very uniform,
with which he was proud to enter ball rooms and
banquets, is to be doffed, and he is no longer to
carry his wife and his daughters under the proud
associations of his profession. Is this just to
him?
I will advert next to the case of a young gen-
tleman by the name of Simmons, whose memo-
rial has been presented by me. I know nothing
of Mr. Simmons, but I know his family. I do
not know that the family reputation of any man
can be appealed to for his protection; but, sir,
let us remember what Cornelia said; when she
was tfb often complimented for being the daugh-
ter of Scipio, she replied, " I am proud of being
the mother of the Gracchi." Sir, I cannot for-
get that old Kit Simmons, the grandfather of
this young gentleman, performed distinguished
achievements in Marion'scelebrated legion during
the revolutionary war, and was his adjutant. I
do not assert that this should protect the young
man; but i\ might have been remembered. 1 do
not say that it should influence the judgment of
Commodore Shubrick and those who were on
that board. When I connect the names of Sim-
mons and Shubrick, I cannot forego the oppor-
tunity of saying that as proud a name as is to be
found in the annals of the Revolution is the name
of Shubrick. As long as the ill-fated catastro-
phe of Euperviais remembered, and the achieve-
ments of the captain who fell there are not for-
gotten, the name of Shubrick will be respected.
Mr. President, I have mentioned the names of
officers who have been acted upon by this board,
with no improper feeling toward the board. I
tlnnk it but justice to the board, that when offi-
cers have been wronged by their judgment, the
advocates and friends of those who have suffered
should have the opportunity of placing their rep-
utation fairly before the public.
There is another case to which I will allude—
that of a personal friend; I refer to Captain Pet-
tigru. His memorial is before the Senate. He
is a man of peculiar habits and remarkable eccen-
tricity, with a great deal of talent concealed under
a very embarrassed manner; and many people
have told me he was drunk, when I did not be-
lieve lie had drunk one drop that day. In fact, I
heard some naval officers say they did not believe
it was possible to make old Tom drunk, anyhow.
[Laughter.] Pettigru was arraigned formerly
upon charges which, if true, would have ruined
him. He was charged with using the flag of his
country to apprehend a criminal, with a view of
yielding to the sordid temptation of taking $5,000
reward in California. He was tried for it; he
defied his prosecutor. At that time, at the in-
stance of Mr. Miller, formerly a Senator from
New Jersey, and a member of the Committee on
Naval Affairs, I wrote to Captain Pettigru on
the subject, and he said that he spurned conceal-
ment, and whatever might be said, he would rather
have an open trial than a secret insinuation. He
was tried, and what was the finding of the tri-
bunal that tried him? Not merely an acquital,
but an honorable acquital from the charges made
against him. The report now obtains, however,
that money was handled by Pettigru to some ex-
tent—I do not know how far; but the fact is, that
he never got a dollar of it. When ho undertook
to carry the culprit who had committed a murder,
it was not for the purpose of making money him-
self; and that is acknowledged by the court which
formally tried him and acquitted him.
Now, however, as I have learned, such is the
charge upon which he has been degraded, dis-
franchised, crushed. Sir, the honorable Senator
from Kentucky [Air. Crittenden] yesterday
spoke of officers who had shed tears when talking
of their fate; but Pettigru did not cry: he choked
in an attempt to suppress the feelings which ex-
cited his bosom. He was dismissed upon charges
made by a gentleman by the name of De Camp,
filed in the Navy Department, such as Captain
Pettigru never heard of; and these are the crimes
and misdemeanors that have been made now to
form an accumulated judgment upon him. Well
may he say, Unguis in kerba latet. He had not
an opportunity to crush this snake that was to
