2018' •
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
August 11,
Rush/who was our Minister in England in 1823,
in which he says:
"Prom the time when the United States took their place
among the nations of the earth, this has been one of their
favorite projects"—
The abolition of private war upon the ocean,
whether by public or private armed ships—
*{ It is time, (said Dr. Franklin in a letter of i4th March,
1785,) it is high time, for the sake of humanity, that a stop
were put to this enormity. The United States of America,
though better- situated than any European nation to make
profit by privateering, are, as far as in them lies, endeavor-
ing to abolish the practice by offering, in al! their treaties
with other Powers, an article engagiijg solemnly that in
case of future war no privateer shall be commissioned on
either Side, and thcct armed merchant skips on both sides shall
pursue their voyages unmolested."
"This will "be a happy improvement of the law of na-
tions."
Thus as early as 1785 this proposition of abol-
ishing captures on high seas, whether by public
or private armed ships in conformity with the
established usages of civilized war on land, was
presented by this country to Europe, but never
acted on there.
In. 1823, Mr. Adams, as Secretary of State,
instructed the Minister of the United States at
England, [Mr. Rush,] to propose negotiations to
Great Britain upon the subject of neutral mari-
time relations, embracing the following proposi-
tions: That the neutral flag should cover enemy's
goodsj tha£ neutral goods should be protected
under the enemy's flag; and that the recognized
principle of international law, that no blockade
should be regarded but one that was established
by a competent force present, should by stipula-
tion thereafter become a matter of convention be-
tween the Powers of the earth; and it was further
proposed that he should at the same time nego-
tiate with Great Britain upon the subject of im-
pressment, and also upon the subject of private,
war upon the ocean.
The correspondence of the day shows that the
British ministers, Mr, Canning and Mr. Hus-
kisson, declined to treat with the American Min-
ister on any of these topics unless the subject of
impressment (which the British Ministers held
was one peculiar to British policy) was excepted.
But the Minister of the United States having no
authority to make such exception, the proffered
negotiation was declined bv Great Britain.
Mr. Rush then proposed to the, British minis-
ters, as unconnected with other maritime subjects,
and as one of peculiar and pervading interest, to
negotiate witli them for the abolition of private
war upon the ocean; that is to say, for the utter
discontinuance forever of captures of private prop-
erty by sea, whether by public or private armed
ships; in reply to which Mr. Rush states that the
British plenipotentiary said in substance:
"That this proposition was totally now, as between tin;
two Governments, and contemplated a most extensive
cimnge in the principles and practice of mautime war an
hitherto sanctioned by all nations.5'
Mr. Rush continues:
" It is proper forme to ad(l that no mentimcnt dropped
from the British plenipotentiary, authorizing the belief
that they wunlil have concurred in the object, it wo had
proceeded to the consideration of it. My own opinion un-
equivocally is, that Great ttntain is not prepared to accede,
under any circumstances, to the proposition tm abolishing
private war [meaning war ou private propeuy] upon the
o«ean."
_ Thus it appears that in 1824, upon a proposi-
tion distinctly made to the British Government,
it was declined because the proposition was new,
and was inconsistent with the usages of maritime
nations as then established. Now, what propo-
'sitionis this? I wish the Senate to understand
that I am not going into the reasons which may-
appear in the correspondence. This is a matter of
history which may be interesting to the American
people. Now, what is offered to us? A propo-
sition on the part of those Powers of Europe—
the two great maritime Powers, France and Eng-
land leading the way, not for the discontinuance
of private war on the ocean, but for the discon-
tinuance of the exercise of war by one arm of
offense alone—privateering.
I feel an assurance, when the correspondence
appears, that it wiil be found it has been met in a
proper spirit on the part of the Government of
the United States, ana will show what I hold to
be the ingenuous, healthy, robust policy of our
people upon the subject of private war upon land
or sea, m contrast with what really would seem '
the decrepitude of diplomacy.
I do not mean to speak disrespectfully of those
countries, but it does seem to me to be a propo-
sition which one would be excused if they were
characterized in harsh terms—instead of abolish-
ing private war upon the ocean, that we should
be asked to agree to the discontinuance of that
great arm of war, the volunteer force of the
country upon the sea, leaving our commerce sub-
ject to spoliation by the immense navies neces-
sarily maintained by the maritime Powers of Eu-
rope,, I say, sir, a proposition like that might,
without any departure from all due courtesy, be
characterized in harsh terms-
I ask that the resolution Ttiay be adopted, in
order that the answer of the Government may go
forth.
Mr. CASS. I rise to express my thanks to the
honorable Senator from Virginia for the sound
views which he has presented on this subject. I
have seen a kind of sickly sentimentality man-
ifested in some of our newspapers on this propo-
sition. The only amazement it occasions to me
is, that there is a single American who does not
see through it. I cut out some scraps, translated
into English, from some of the French papers,
but I cannot lay my hands on them at this
moment, showing that the designs of England in
this proposition were perfectly well understood
by the French people. In fact they must be ap-
parent to all. She wants to prey upon commerce
on the ocean. She acknowledges now that this is
what she wants. She desires to prey on it with
her strong arm, and take our strong arm from us.
She has six or seven hundred armed ships on the
ooean, and ours are not"perhaps one tenth part of
that number. We have shown by the experience
of the last war, and, in fact, of the revolutionary
war, that one of our most powerful means of
offense against foreign nations on the ocean con-
sists in the enterprise and courage of our priva-
teers. When we curried on tliie war of 1812,
with the exception of five or six glorious triumphs
over Biitish naval ships, the greatest portion of
our captures were by privateers. I agree that, if
there is to be 110 war on the ocean on private
property, we should cheerfully acquiesce; but no
sane man, even in England, it seems to me, ought
to think of saying to us: " We can prey on the
ocean with our almost innumerable public armed
ships, but you must give up your right of attack-
ing us by the most powerful means of offense
you have,"
The resolution was considered" by unanimous
consent, and agreed to.
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES.
Mr. FE>>SENDEN, from the Committee on
Patents and the Patent OfHee, to whom was re-
ferred the memorial of Edward llarte, submitted
a report, accompanied by a bill (S. No. 433) for
his relief; which was read, and passed to a sec-
ond reading. The report was ordered to be
printed.
Mr. WILSON, from the Committee on Private
Land Claims, to whom was referred the bill
(II. 11. No. 353) for the relief of Talbot C. Dous-
man, reported it without amendment, and sub-
mitted a report; which was ordered to be printed.
Mr. YULEE, from the Committee on the Post
Office and Post Roads, reported a bill (S. No.
447) foi*tho relief ofGarman, Wigle, and Ben-
ford; which was read, and passed to a second
reading. He submitted a letter from the Post-
master General to the committee; which was
ordered to be printed.
Mr. FOOT, from the Committee on Public
Lands, asked to be discharged from the further
consideration of the petition of the heirs of Isaac
Bowman, the memorial of the members of Colo-
nel Dominguez's Spy Company, the petition of
James Reid, the petition of Lemuel Worster, the
petition of Almerin C. Harper, and the petition
of Alexander Jones, praying for bounty land,
asked to be discharged from their consideration;
and it was agreed to.
Mr. MALLORY, from the Committee on
Public Lands, to whom the subject was referred,
reported a bill (S. No. 445) to create an addi-
tional land district in the State of California;
which was read, and passed to a second reading.
Mr. STUART, from the Committee on Public
Lands, to whom were referred various petitions
and a resolution of the Senate in regard to the J
swamp land act, reported a bill (8. No. 446) to 1
provide for the selection of the lands granted by
the act of September 28,1850, entitled " An act
to enable the State of Arkansas, and other States,
to reclaim the swamp lands within their limits,
and for other purposes."
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the bill (S. No. 406) to revive and
extend the provisions of an act passed on the 24th
of May, 1824, entitled " An act for the relief of
the representatives of John Donelson, Stephen
Heard, and others," reported it with an amend-
ment. He submitted a communication of the
Commissioner of the General Land Office on the
subject; which was ordered to be printed.
He also, from the same committee, asked to be
discharged from the further consideration of the
following bills; which was agreed to:
A bill (S. No. 7) making a grant of land to the
State of Iowa, in alternate sections, to aid in the
construction of certain railroads in said State.
A bill (S. No. 11) making a grant of land to
the State of Louisiana, to aid in the construction
of a railroad from Algiers to the Sabine river, in
said State.
A bill (S. No. 12) making a grant of lands to
the State of Louisiana, to aid in the construction
of a railroad from Shreveport to the Mississippi
river, in said State.
A bill (S. No. 13) making a grant (5f lands to
the State of Michigan to aid in the construction
of a rail route from Detroit to Lake Superior.
A bill (S.No. 152) making a grant of land to the
State of Mississippi to aid in the construction of
Ship Island railroad.
BILL INTRODUCED.
Mr. JONES, of Terfnessee, asked, and by
unanimous consent obtained, leave to bring in a
bill (S. No. 444) to extend the contract on mail
route No. 7809; which was read the first and
second times by its title, and referred to the Com-
mittee on the Post Office and Post Roads.
SENATE BILLS BECOME LAWS.
A message from the President of the United
States, by Mr. Webster, his Secretary, an-
nounced that the President had approved and
signed the following acts:
An act for the relief of Mrs. M. E. McKnight,
widow of Francis M. McKnight;
An act for the relief of Cephise Piseros, widow
of Louis Labranche, of the Parish of St. Charles,
and State of Louisiana; ,
An act for the relief of Joseph'Hill;
An act for the relief of Randall D. Livingston;
An act to confirm Joseph Wanderstrand in his
title to certain lands;
An act for the relief of Richard'Albritton;
An act to amend an act entitled "An act to es-
tablish a court for the investigation of claims
against the United States," approved February
24, 1855; . *
An act to amend the charter of Geoigetown, in
the District of Columbia;
An act to incorporate the Columbia Library,
of Capitol Hill, in the city of Washington;
An act to establish a library for young men in
the District of Columbia;
An act to provide for the public instruction of
youth in primary schools throughout the county
of Washington, in the District of Columbia, with-
out the limits of the cities of Washington and
Georgetown; and
An act for the relief of the Columbian Harmony
Society, of the city of Washington.
DISTRIBUTION OP PUBLIC DOCUMENTS.
Mr. PEARCE. I am instructed by the Com-
mittee on the Library, to whom was referred the
memorial of the Boston Board of Trade, and of
various other boards of trade, to report a joint
resolution; and as it has been passed heretofore,
I ask that it may be taken up and passed at
once.
, There being no objection, the joint resolution
(S. R. No. 35) respecting the distribution of cer-
tain public documents was read twice, and con-
sidered as in Committee of the Whole. '
Mr. PEARCE. This resolution accomplishes
several purposes. In the first place, it transfers
from the State Department to the Department of
the Interior the duty of distributing among col-
leges and libraries the public documents which are
printed for that purpose. It transfers to the State
Department the foreign exchanges of certain doeu-
