2020
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
August 11,
the Senator from Massachusetts ought to advo-
cate this rftolution.
Mr. WILSON. I -want the Senator from Penn-
sylvania to distinctly; understand that I have no
objection to the consideration of his resolution
bow, and no-objection to its passage; but I tell
him it is not to pass the Senate without discus-
sion. If he ana his friends wish to press it, let
them bring it forward.
Mr. HTAliE. I hope the resolution will be
taken up, and that there will be no shrinking from
it by the intimation that it is to be discussed. I
hope it will be taken up and discussed and passed;
and I hope there will be something in answer to
it, that the opponents of Colonel Fremont can
make a handle of, for I have been afraid that we
were to go through this contest without anything
being said against him. The only thing I have
■yet heard in any public meeting is, that he once
ate dog's meat. I do not want the canvass to
progress without something more respectable than
that to make a fight on. I hope this resolution
•will be taken up, and that they will make as
serious charges against him as they did against
General Harrison, in 1840. You had better call him
a coward to begin with. It makes no odds what
the resolution is; I hope it will be taken up; and
I trust that the answer will present, at least, some
food for talk, because that is what is wanted.
We have everything now on our side except some
good charges to meet; and it is a tame work to
make speeches in favor of a man when there is
nothing to be said against him except that he ate
dog's meat. [Laughter.] The only answer we
have made is, that we intend to give him better
food, and intend to chase a Buck down for him in
the fall. [Laughter.] I hope the resolution will
be taken up and passed.
Mr. SEWARD. I call for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. HUNTER. 1 must vote against the reso-
lution, because it will be in the way of the appro-
priation bills at one o'clock, and it is essential
that we should be working upon those bills. I
cannot vote for taking up anything that is to bo
in the way of the consideration of those bills.
Mr. ADAMS. I shall vote against this motion,
for the reason that I was elected to the Senate to
pass upon the propriety or impropriety of laws,
and not to convert this high body into an arena
to try to make Presidents. 1 vote "nay."
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 2D, nays 14; as follows:
YKAS—Mcsstv', iliglpr, Bright, Brodhead, Brown,
Butler, Cass, ('lily, Oollamer, Douglas, 1'Yssi'liden, Fir/.
Patrick, Font, Hale, Ivcrson, Jone.. of 'lYnni'iscc,
Mallory, Rem, Sebastian, Seward, Sildell, Stuait, Toombs,
Touecy, Trumbull, Wade, Wilson, and Wught—as.
NAY.S—Messrs. Adams Allen, llell of New Hampshire,
Benjamin, Fisli, Oeyer, Italian, Houston, Hunter, James,
Mason, Pratt, Welier, and Yulee— L-l.
So the motion was agreed to; and the Senate
proceeded to consider Mr. Bigler's resolution,
which is as follows:
Hesolited, That the President of tlie United States be ic-
qucsted to cause to be communicated to the Benate, at the
earliest (lay convenient, coined of the letters and vouchers
filed in the Departments m support of claims presented by,
and allowed to, John I'lomont, as an olficer of the United
States Government, from the time he commenced his hist
expedition to California, in the year 184:3, showing what
claims, if any, were disallowed, and the reasons lor their
•disallowance. Also, whether any moneys, placed in the
hands of John C. I'Vlimut for disbuisemcnt on the public
account, remain unaccounted forattheTre.isuiy; whether
any drafts di.iwn, oi liabilities incurred, by him m the pub-
lic scrviee remain unliquidated ; and, if so, in whose hands
are such unliquidated drafts, and why they have not been
paid? Were appropriations made tortile payment oi drasts
drawn, or liabilities incurred, by hull as an otlieei of tlie
Government which have not been paid and canceled,
placed m his hands under the authonty of law or othei-
wise ? Also, wliethei there aie any letters or papeison
file m either of the Departments, made through an odientl
source, charging him with malfea&arice in office, and, if any,
to furnish copies tlfel eof.and state whether lie was an aigned
on such charges, or notified of their existence, and what
reply did he make thereto,.? If not ariaigned upon the
charges, why was it not done ? With such other inform-
ation 3s the President and heads of Depaitnients deem
necessary to throw proper light on the subject involved m
this resolution.
_ Mr. BIGLER. I desire to modify the resolu-
tion by striking out the words:
If not arraigned upon tlie charges, why was itnot done ?
The resolution was so modified.
Mr. WILSON. Mr. President, I would like
to hear from the Senator from Pennsylvania, who
brings this matter before the Senate, the reasons
•why,-at this late-day, the time of the Senate is to
be occupied in the consideration and discussion
of this resolution; and why these papers are not
all before the country at this time? I want to
hear what that Senator has to say in support of
his proposition.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The hour for
the consideration of the special order has arrived;
and it-must be taken up, unless otherwise directed
by the Senate.
Mr. WELLER. I move to postpone all prior
orders for the purpose of proceeding to the con-
sid^ftttion of the Pacific railroad bill.
Mr. BIGLER. May I not have a right to
make a motion on the subject?
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The hour has
arrived for the consideration of the special order.
Mr. BIGLER. I move to postpone the special
order.
Mr. WELLER. I have already made that
motion.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The first ques-
tion will be on the postponement.
Mr. BUTLER. I presume the special order
properly set apart for to-day is the bill amenda-
tory of the laws for the election of President and
Vice President.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The special
order is the bill supplementary to the several acts
in force relative to the election to the Presidency
and Vice Presidency of the United States.
Mr. BUTLER. I will not be in the way of
friends. The Senator from Kentucky, [Mr.
Crittenden,] who introduced that subject to the
Senate originally, is not well, and I will not take
up the bill in his abg*jcc; but at his instance, I
give notice that I shall ask to have it taken up
at tlie first week of the next session. I move,
therefore, to postgpne the further consideration
of it until to-morrow.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. WELLER. "l move now to postpone all
prior orders with a view to "proceed to tlie con-
sideration of the Senate bill No. 186—the I'acific
railroad bill.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The prior
order proposed to be postponed is the resolution
offered by the Senator from Pennsylvania.
Mr. BIGLER. I hope it will not be postponed.
We shall evidently dispose of it inafew minutes.
I think there will be no discussion on it.
Mr. HUNTER. I hope the Senate will not
take up the bill of the Senator from California.
Unless wo begin to act on the appropriation bills
I cannot see how we are to adjourn next Monday.
Wo ought to spend each day, after one o'clock,
until next Monday, upon them. I hope that bill
will not be taken up, for it will not be disposed
of in one day, or two days.
Mr. ADAMS. Is the motion of the Senator
from California divisible ?
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It is.
Mr. ADAMS. Then I ask, first for a vote on
the postponement, so that we can afterwards test
the strength of the propositions of the Senator
from Vnginia, and the Senator from California.
I shall vote for the postponement.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The first ques-
tion will bo on postponing the consideration of
the resolution of the Senator from Pennsylvania
until to-morrow.
Mr. SLIDELL. I call for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. SEWARD. Before the roll is called, I
beg to ask, if this motion shall prevail, what is to
come up ?
Mr. WELLER. I propose to take up the
Pacific railroad bill. My object is to get rid of
this resolution for the purpose of taking up that
bill.
Mr. SEWARD. I shall, under these circum-
stances, very readily vote with the honorable Sen-
ator from Oaliforitia.
Mr. BIGLER. It is right that I should remark
that I have no intention whatever of discussing
my resolution. I shall not delay the Senate, for
I desire to have it disposed of.
Mr. HUNTER. I shall vote to postpone it,
because it is my object to get up the appropria-
tion bills if possible. T hope the Senate will, if
it be postponed, take up the appropriation bills.
Mr. MASON. The Senate, by a very de-
cided vote, a few minutes since, determined to
take up the resolution of the Senator from Penn-
sylvania. I voted against taking it up for the
reasons assigned by my colleague; because! con-
sidered it necessary that we should consider and
dispose of the appropriation bills. I shall vote
now to postpone until to-morrow the further
consideration of the resolution of the Senator
from Pennsylvania; but not at all with a view of
taking up the bill suggested by the Senator from
California. My impression is, that the Senate
knows that, in reference to matters to be consid-
ered in executive session, we have some time to
expend there, and we have but one week to do it.
I think, therefore, we should give time to that
which is of the greatest public interest. The
appropriation bills are of general public interest
to the country.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 22, nays 24; as follows:
YEAS —Messrs. Adams, Allen, Bayard, Bell of New
Hampshire, Butler, ilurkee, Evans, Foot, Foster, Geycr,
Harlan, Houston, Hunter, Mason, Pratt, Seward, Toombs,
Trumbull, Wade, Welier, Wilson, and Yulee—22.
NAYS —Messrs. Be.ljanrin, Biggs, Bigler, Bright, Brod-
head, Brown, Cass, Clay, Fessenden, Fish, Fitzpatrick,
Hale, Iverson, James, Jones of Tennessee, Mallory, Pugh,
lteid, Sebastian, Slidell, Stuart, Thomson of New Jersey,
Toucey, and Wright—24.
So the motion to postpone was not agreed to.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The question
is on the resolution of the Senator from Pennsyl-
vania.
Mr. WILSON. Mr. President, the days <jf
this session are rapidly passing. Busipess of
the highest importance presses upon our con-
sideration. Chairmen of leading committees
charged with measures of great public concern
crowd forward to obtain the ear of the Senate.
While the Senate is thus engaged in the perform-
ance of its high duties to tlie country, the Senator
from Pennsylvania [Mr. Bigler] thrusts before
us this petty, miserable proposition—a proposi-
tion unworthy a moment's attention of honorable
men in or out of the Senate.
The Senator from Pennsylvania is not content
with launching into the Senate this scheme, which
must have originated with some mousing poli-
tician engaged in the pursuit of petty ends by
petty means, but he presses its consideration now
in spite of the earnest remonstrances of the chair-
man of the Committee on Finance, [Mr. Hunter,]
who is charged with the care of the civil and
diplomatic bill, and the chairman of the com-
mittee on the pacific railroad, [Mr. Weller,]
who wishes to call the Senate to the considera-
tion of that great measure to unite the Atlantic
and Pacific shores of the Republic.
But the civil and diplomatic bill, the Pacific
railroad bill, and other measures, must be thrust
aside by the Senator from Pennsylvania, that the
Senate may consider this proposition by which
certain political schemers hope to elicit something
out of which they can manufacture slanders against
a brave man, who has served his country with
eminent ability in peace and in war.
The Senator from Pennsylvaniacannot suppose
that this proposition will pass this body without
at least a passing notice. He takes the responsi-
bility, he chooses to press it, and I shall take at
least a few moments of the time of the Senate to
characterize the proposition as I think it de-
serves.
Does the Senator from Pennsylvania expect to
win any laurels by thrusting this proposition into
the Senate ? Does he suppose the generous peo-
ple of this country will applaud this attempt to
wound the sensibilities and defame the character
of one who has won a brilliant name in the his-
tory of the Republic—one whose explorations
and scientific labors have conferred upon our
country honor and renown among all civilized
nations? Does he expect to win support for his
favorite candidate for the Presidency by thrusting
into the Senate this wretched proposition?
' Sir, this is small game. If that Senator hopes
to win popular confidence and applause—if he
hopes to turn back the tide of popular favor that
is bearing John C. Fremont to the executive
chair, by this resolution, which I here pronounce
—which honorable men in and out of the Senate
will pronounce—and which the country will pro-
nounce—small and mean, he will find himself
sadly mistaken. Wherever this proposition goes,
high-minded men will treatit with derision, scorn,
and contempt; and no little of that derision, scorn,
and contempt, will be visited upon the men who
resort to sueh deviees to effect political results, i
