410
AFPENDDt TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[April 23,
34th Cong....1st Sess.
The Slavery Question—Mr. Stanton, of Ohio.
Ho. of Reps.
ership in the Republican party. i should certainly ,
be proud of such a position; but I have no claim ,
to it, and have no disposition to suffer myself to ;
be arrayed in borrowed plumes which would only j
render ine ridiculous. I
I feel that it is my duty to enter this disclaimer,
because neither the Republican partv, nor any-
body else except myself, can justly be held re-
sponsible for what I may say. For myself, I am
entirely indifferent as to what adjectives gentle-
men may use in their descriptions of the Repub-
lican partv. They may denominate it " Black,"
or " Red," as may best suit their fancy; for it is
purely a matter of taste,about which, the proverb
says, " there is no disputing;" and whether
they display good taste in the selection or not
is a matter of vastly more consequence to gentle-
men who use these terms, than it is to the party
to which they are applied.
I can assure the gentleman from South Caro-
lina, that he need not borrow any trouble, nor
lose any rest, from an apprehension that he is
not to have an open field and a fair fight. If he
will temper his courageand zeal with a little dis-
cretion and moderation until the coming anni-
versary of the battle of Bunker's Mill, he will
find "a foeman worthy of his steel." On the
evening of that day he will find " our battle set,"
and " our banners upon the outer wall." Upon
these banners will be written no questionable
motto, or doubtful inscription; but all over their
ample folds will be inscribed, in letters of living
light, such words as these: " Freedom is national
—Slavery is sectional." " No more Slave terri-
tory—no more Slave States." "Union for the
sake of liberty, and Liberty for the sake of the
Union." It will be intrusted to the hands of no
doubtful or untried soldier, but one who will be
recognized by the whole country as a fit and
proper representative of the principles inscribed
upon it. I trust the gentleman and his friends
will then be found ready, and respond to our
battle-cry of—
" Lay on, Macduff!"
But, sir, I will not content myself with giving
gentlemen a mere general statement of our prin-
ciples; I propose to' give an outline of the argu-
ments by whicli we expect to mairftain them.
There is not a man between the Aroostook and
the Rio Grande, with intelligence enough to be
fairly entitled to the right of suffrage, who does
not know that the sectional aspect which party
politics have assumed is a legitimate and inevi-
table consequence of the attempt of the slave-
holding States to secure the absolute and perma-
nent control of all the departments of the General
Government.
The doctrine contended for by the South, that
the Constitution protects the slaveholder in his
title and possession of his slave in all the Ter-
ritories of the United States, practically estab-
lishes slavery everywhere, throughout the entire
territorial limits of the United States, except in
such States as prohibit it by positive law. And
reason and experience clearly show that, where
slavery is the law of a Territory until it has
population sufficient to entitle it to admission as
a State, it inevitably becomes a slaveholding
State. Indeed, I cannot very well understand
why the principle contended for does not apply
quite as well to the free States as to the Terri-
tories.
I understand the claim to be, that the Consti-
tution of ihe United States protects the citizen of
the slaveholding State in taking And enjoying his
slave property in all the Territories of the United
States, and that neither Congress nor the Terri-
torial Legislature have any power to invade his
constitutional rights by prohibitingslavery in any
Territory. If it be trui that the Constitution
guaranties him this right, it is undoubtedly true,
that neither Congress, nor any territorial law, nor
any State law or constitution, can interfere with
it, because the Constitution of the United States
is the supreme law of the land, and any State law
or constitution that comes in conflict with it is
null and void. If, therefore, the Constitution of
the United States secures to the citizen the ben-
efit and protection of the laws of hin State beyond
its territorial limits, it applies as well when he
goes jnto another State as when he goes into a
Territory.
The admission of this principle, therefore, by
the free States, is equivalent to express consent
on their part, that all new States that shall here-
after be settled and admitted into the Union shall
be slaveholding States. Every one must see that
the result will be, in twenty years, that the slave-
holding States will have absolute and unlimited
control over all the departments of the Govern-
ment.
But this is not all. Gentlemen not only claim,
by a new and unheard-of construction of the
Constitution, to extend slavery to all the Terri-
tories of the United States, but they also claim,
by another construction equally novel and ex-
traordinary, practically to establish it in the free
States. The right of transit with slaves through
the free States that is now claimed, and has re-
cently been attempted to be enforced by the most
arbitrary and tyrannical exercise of power on the
part of one of the judges of the United States'
district courts, is utterly inconsistent with the
sovereignty of the free States, or their right
to prohibit slavery within their jurisdiction. If
the right of transit is paramount and superior to
State laws and State sovereignty, it must, of ne-
cessity, carry with it certain incidents which must
be equally beyond State control.
It is indispensable to the exercise of this right,
that the master shall have the right to the custody
and control of the person of the slave, and that
the slave should be bound to implicit obedience
to the commands of the master during the transit.
So, if the master's necessities should require it,
he must have the right to sell the slave to any
who will carry out the intention of the master,
of carrying him beyond the limits of the State.
So, if the master should contract debts or incur
any other obligations which he is unable to meet,
if the slave is to be recognized as property by
the authorities of the State through which he is
passing, he must be subject to levy and sale on
execution. If this principle is to be established,
the free States must provide themselves with
stocks and whipping-posts, and slave-pens, and
slave-markets, and all the paraphernalia of a slave
plantation.
The struggle, therefore, that is now pending
is in reality a struggle for the extension of slavery
over the whole Confederacy, and the establish-
ment of it in all the States. In fact, it has be-
come apparent, that there is a natural and inherent
repugnance and hostility between free-labor and
slave-labor, and the institutions which grow out
of them.
In shaping the policy and molding the institu-
tions of a slaveholding State or nation, a laborer
is regarded as so much capital, and the question
is, how the largest amount of labor may be ob-
tained from him with the least possible expense.
His comfort or welfare does not enter into the es-
timate, except so far as his productive power and
capacity may be enhanced by them. In a free
State or nation, the welfare and prosperity of the
laboring population, who constitute the great
mass of the inhabitants, is the primary object of
legislation.
Protection to capital, of course, is not to be lost
sight of, but it is always secondary and subordi-
nate to protection to labor and the laborer. If
the maxim, that " the Government must take care
of the rich, and that the rich will take care of the
poor," is applicable anywhere, it is peculiarly
so to a slaveholding community; but it can have no
application to a country where the labor is per-
formed by freemen.
With social systems so essentially and rad-
ically hostile, the only mode of securing peace
and harmony is by the establishment of some
constitutional principle, which shall regulate and
define the powers of Congress, and prohibit any
invasion of the rights of the States. Compro-
mises have lost their healing efficacy and power.
The repeal of the Missouri restriction has de-
stroyed all mutual confidence between the differ-
ent sections of the Confederacy.
I think the time has now come to settle the
question .whether this Government has the inher-
ent power and vitality necessary for the preser-
vation of its own existence. The issue is upon
us, and we cannot eseape it if we would, and we
ought not if we could. It is as well for us to
settle this question ourselves, for the present and
the future, as to evade it, and bequeath it as a
legacy to our children. It is not patriotic, it is
not manly, for us to shrink from the responsi-
bility that properly belongs to us, by postpon-
ing to another generation a question that is now
upon us. For myself I have no doubt about the
course which duty and patriotism require at my
hands.
I believe that Congress has power to prohibit
slavery in all the Territories of the United States,
and I would exercise that power, and leave con-
sequences to take care of themselves. This was
the cotemporaneous construction of the Consti-
tution, and the exposition of its principles made
by the men who framed it. I believe there can
be no peace, no respite from slavery agitation,
except in a return to the principles upon which
the Government was founded, including a recog-
nition of the power of Congress over slavery in
the Territories, and the exercise of that power
in all cases whatsoever.
I am aware that this power is disputed; and
my main object on this occasion is to show, both
by principle and authority, that Congress has it.
The first article of the treaty with France, for the
purchase o(^Louisiana, cedes to the United States
" forever and in full, sovereignty to the said Ter-
ritory, with all its rights and appurtenances."
The second article provides that the cession shall
' include " the adjacent islands belonging to Louisi-
j ana, all public lots and squares, vacant lands, and
public buildings, fortifications, barracks, and other
! edifices which are not private property." It has
never been doubted but this article vested in the
; United States the absolute and unconditional title
and ownership of all the public lands in the Ter-
ritory.
[ I believe it is also conceded, that the third sec-
■ tion of the fourth article of the Constitution of
the United States confers upon Congress the
power to regulate and control the public domain
as property. But if there was no express power
conferred upon Congress, the power is necessa-
rily incident to the grant. If the United States-
has power to take and hold land, it must of neces-
sity have power to preserve, control, and dispose
of it. In short, the Government, by this grant,
became a great landed proprietor, with the same
rights ana powers over the public domain that
an individual has over the land granted to hint
by the Government.
The purchaser of the public lands can get no
title except what is conveyed to him by the Gov-.
eminent; and the Government^ can convey no
other or better title than is vested in it.
Whatever power or control the owner of a farm
purchased from the Government may exercise
over it, the Government may exercise over the
entire public domain—all the Territories of the
United States. They may be sold or leased, or
granted withoutconsideration,for religious, chari-
table, literary, or other public purposes, upon such
terms, and under such limitations and restrictions,
as Congress may deem expedient and proper.
Congress may provide that no alien or negro shall
j be capable of purchasing or holding the public
domain.
And these powers may be exeicised with a view
to the enhancement or depreciation of the value
of the public domain as a mere financial regula-
tion, without regard to the welfare or happiness
of the future inhabitants of the Territory. And
if, in the judgment of Congress, the exclusion
. of slavery, or polygamy, or any other social or
| municipal regulation, authorized or established
by the laws of any State, is necessary to preserve
or enhance the value of the public domain, I have
no doubt but Congress has power to exclude it
for that reason alone.
It was upon this foundation that the ordinance
of 1787 for the government of the Northwestern-
Territory rested. There is no grant of power
to Congress in the Articles of Confederation to
govern or to take care of the Territories, or other
property of the United States, as there is in the
present Constitution; and for the very plain reason
that, when the Articles of Confederation were
adopted, the United States had no territory, and
very little other property, subject to their juris-
diction and control. But when Virginia, in 1784,
ceded to the United Stales all claim—" as well of
soil, as of jurisdiction, which the said Common-
