1856.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
41b
34th Cong.... 1st Sess.
The Slavery Question—Mr. Stanton, of Ohio.
Ho. or Reps.
wealth hath," &c.—Congress did not hesitate
to>- o ayimem to ex^rcisi* full sovereignty over it;
and not only prescribed a form of government, and
prohibited slavery, but guarantied the freedom of
nav'Taiion of the waters of the Mississippi and
St. Lawrence, prescribed the number of States
into which the Territory should be divided, and
made various other provisons which show that
Congress assumed full and complete sovereignty
and jurisdiction over it. It will also be remem-
bered that, when this ordinance was passed, sla-
very was the law of the Territory. It had pre-
viously been a part of the State of Virginia, and
was subject to her jurisdiction and laws. It
will also be recollected that this ordinance was
passed by the unanimous vote of all the States.
It was then no " sectional" question.
This is also one of the grounds upon which
Mr. Clay placed his support of the power of
Congress over slavery in the Territories, in his
speech in the Senate on the compromise measures
of 1850. The power of Congress might safely be
rested upon this ground alone. But we do not
stop here. All territory within the limits of the
United States, not under the sovereignty and
jurisdiction of any State, is subject to the juris- i
'diction of Congress, or it is subject to no juris-
diction, no law whatever. France had relin-
Suishcd her jurisdiction, and if we cannot exercise
le jurisdiction she has granted to us, the Terri-
tory is subject to no law, nor no government; [
and no grant of power can be found for authoriz- J
ing the establishment of a territorial government,
which does not carry with it full and complete j
sovereignty and jurisdiction, and authorize Con- j
gress to legislate directly for the Territory in all
cases whatsoever, subject only to the limitations
prescribed by the Constitution for the protection
of the people of the States and Territories alike. !
Congress may pass a criminal code for any unor- 1
ganized Territory, and intrust the execu ion of
it to the circuit or district court of some adjacent ■
circuit or district. If not, by what authority do I
we establish courts and appoint judges for the j
Territories ? If we may institute territorial gov- i
ernments for the Territories, what sort of powers !
do the authorities of the Territory exercise? Are
they not delegated powers ? And cannot Congress
exercise tne same powers directly, that the terri-
torial government cau exercise under the grant
of powers from Congress? There is no inherent
original sovereignty vested in the scattered inhab-
itants of a Territory, that may be exercised by
them without the authority of Congress. They
have no power to fix their own boundaries, or
dispose of the land, or do any other act of sov-
ereignty, until they are authorized by act of
Congress. The reason is, that the sovereignty
and jurisdiction of the Territory are vested in the
United States, and therefore cannot be, at the
same time, in the people of the Territory. This
explodes the theory of " squatter sovereignty,"
and the experiment made in Kansas demonstrates
that it is utterly impracticable.
I am aware that some gentlemen have a great
repugnance to the exercise of incidental or im-
Flied powers, and insist upon an express grant,
presume it will be admitted that the Consti-
tution of the United States makes the Govern-
ment, when organized under it, a corporate body, |
capable of contracting, and making, or taking a
grant of propeity, real or personal, corporeal or
incorporeal, subject only to the limitations pre-
scribed by the Constitution. The sovereignty and
jurisdiction over the Northwest Territory was :
granted by the State of Virginia to the Congress i
of the Confederation, and upon the organization i
of the present Government and the dissolution of j
the old one, it passed from one to the other by
succession. j
By the first article of the Louisiana treaty, i
France grants to the United States, in " full sov- i
ereignty," the Territory of Louisiana. Thus the
United States derives its sovereignty and juris-
diction, as well as its title to the soil, from the
grant and cession of the Government in which it:
had been previously vested. The grant in each
case is ample and full, and undoubtedly passes
all the power which the Government of the United
States nail the capacity to take. I see no want
of capacity to take full and exclusive legislative
power, subject only to the limitations, restric-
j tions, and guarantees provided in the Constitution
for the protection of all the people of the United
States, whether they should reside in Territories
or the States.
I can see no reason, therefore, why Congress,
being in possession of the full and exclusive legis-
lative power over the Territory, should not pro-
hibit slavervin theTerritory in the same manner
that a State Legislature may prohibit it in a State.
I know it is said that Congress has no power to
: discriminate between citizens of different States,
I and permit the citizens of one State to go into
the Territory and prohibit those from another. I
[ presume Congress never attempted to exercise
any such power. But cither Congress or the Ter-
; ritorial Legislature must pass laws for the people
| of the Territory, which operate upon all alike,
from whatever State or Territory they may have
' come. If polygamy, slavery, and the introduc-
| tion of spirituous liquors are prohibited, this does
1 not prevent the citizens of Utah, of Kentucky, or
of Ohio, from going there; but the Utah man must
take but one wife, the Kentuckian no slave, nor
the Ohioau no liquor. This is the only practical
way of meeting the question. It is impossible
for every man to carry with him the laws of the
State from which he goes; and if the citizens of
one State claim this right as to one law, the citi-
zen of every other State may claim the same
thing for all the laws of the State from which he
comes. This would be worse than the confusion
of tongues at the building of Babel.
But I hold further, that the grant of power to
make " all needful rules and regulations respect-
ing the territory, or other property belonging to
the United States," is of itself sufficient to author-
ize Congress to exclude slavery from the Terri-
tories. If the phraseology had been "all laws
necessary for the government of the territory,"
&c., it would not have been doubted but the terms
used contained a grant of legislative power. And
what is " law" but a " rule of action ?" And in
what does a "regulation" prescribed by the su-
preme power in the State differ from a law ? True,
it isagrant of power over the " territory or o'her
property," and therefore it is said it cannot apply
to persons. This will not do. Cannot Congress
pass a law to punish trespasses upon the public
lands? And, if so, it may fine and imprison the
trespasser. So it may appropriate the lands to
religious or charitable purposes, with a view to
promote morals and religion, and preserve social
order.
To this end, Congress may exclude outlaws
from the public domain, and admit only such
persons as they may deem expedient, and upon
such terms as they may prescribe. These powers
seem to me to result clearly from this clause of
the Constitution. And if this were the first Con-
gress that ever met under the Constitution, and
we were no A', for the first time, about to exercise
power over slavery in the Territories, I should
rest it with perfect confidence upon the principles
1 have laid down.
But I hold that long and undisputed exercise
of a power, and universal acquiescence in any
practical construction of the Constitution for
generations, ought to be regarded on all sides as
settling the question. It comcs down to us with
the Constitution, and is regarded by the people
as part and parcel of it. Any violent and sudden :
change of its settled construction cannot fail to ;
create wide-spread and deep dissatisfaction. Itis i
equivalent to a change of the Constitution, with-
out the consent of the number of States required
to authorize an alteration or amendment.
I now propose to see how the question stands,
upon practice and precedent. As I have already
remarked, the articles of Confederation contained
no grant of power over the question of slavery
anywhere, nor no grant of power to govern Ter-
ritories; yet, just £is soon as Congress acquired
Territories, they set themselves to work to pre- ,
scribe a government for them. I
At the close of the war of the Revolution, the |
unsettled Territories were all within the limits,
and subject to the iurisdiction of particular States.
On the 13th of September, 1783, in anticipation
of the cession of w'ld lands and unsettled terri-
tories, which it was expected would be made by
several States, the Congress of the Confedera-
tion defined the terms upon which the cessions
would be accepted, and the powers which Con-
gress would exercise over them.
First. The territories ceded were to be laid
out into States of convenient size.
Second. Virginia was to be reimbursed her
1 expenses in reducing certain posts in the north-
west territories.
Third. The settlers were to have their titles
confirmed.
Fourth. That the proceeds of the sales of the
i lands shall be a common fund to pay debts and
defray the expenses of the United States.
Fifth. That all deeds from Indians, and royal
grants inconsistent with chartered rights, should
be void.
Here is an assertion of all the essential attrib-
utes of sovereignty; the establishment of bound-
aries; the guarantee of republican governments;
the right of admission into the Union; the regu-
lation of titles to real estate, &c., &c. And this, it
will be remembered, under the articles of Confeder-
ation, which contained no specific grant of any
one of the powers then exercised, but provided
! specially that
" Eieh State retains its sovereignty, freedom, and Inde-
j pendeuce, and every poxer, jurisdiction, and right ivkich is
njt by this Confederation rx'pressly delegated to the United
States in Congress assembled
It was undoubtedly supposed, that the grants
of jurisdiction and sovereignty that would accom-
pany the cessions of territory would confer upon
Congress the powers then exercised.
On the 1st of March, 1784, the State of Vir-
ginia, in conformity with the provisions of this
ordinance, ceded the Northwest Territory to the
i| United States. On the 19th of April, 1784, Con-
i gress took up Mr. Jefferson's report from the com-
mittee consisting of Mr Jefferson, Mr. Chase, of
i' Maryland, and Mr. Howell, of Rhode Island, to
whom was committed a plan for the temporary
; government of the Western Territory,
j! Mr. Speight, of North Carolina, moved to
I strike out the following paragraph:
I! " That, n'ter the year 1390 of the Christian era, there
shall bs neither f! '.very nor involuntary servitude in any of
the said States, otherw e than in punishment of,crimes
whereof the party shall have been convicted to have been
personally guilty."
It must be borne in mind that, by the articles
of Confederation, each State had one vote, and no
proposition could be carried without the votes of
seven States in the affirmative. On the question,
" Shall the words proposed to be struck out
stand." the vote was as follows;
Ayes—New Hampshire, Massachusetts, Con-
necticut, Rhode Island, New York, and Penn-
sylvania—6. Nays—Maryland, Virginia, and
South Carolina—3.
Seven States not voting in the affirmative the
words were struck out. From Virginia, Mr.
Jefferson voted ay, but Mr. Hardy and Mr. .
Mercer voted nay, and overruled him. Mr. Chase,
of Maryland, was not present, and the vote of the
State was cast in the negative by Mr. McHenry
and Mr. Stone. North Carolina was divided,
Mr. Williamson voting ay, and Mr. Speight nay.
Mr. Dick, of New Jersey, voted ay, but he was
the only member present from that State; and
two members being required to cast the vote of a
State, the vote of New Jersey was lost.
On the 23d of April, 1784, this ordinance was
passed; and as it passed it contained the following
provision:
" That measures not inconsistent with the principles of
the Confederation, and necessary for the preservation of
peace and good o der amon  the settlers in any of the paid
new States, (Territories,) until they shall assume a tempo-
rary govcrnm 'tit, as afore;aid, may, from timn to time, be
taken by the United States in Congress assembled."
The vote upon the adoption of this ordinance
was unanimous, except South Carolina.
Here is an assertion of sovereignty quite as full
and plenary as the Republican party claim for
Congress, under the present Constitution, over the -
present Territories of the United States.
On the 16th of March, 1785, Mr. King, of
Massachusetts, introduced the following propo-
sition to amend the ordinance for the government
of the Northwest Territory:
"Thereshall beneitherslaverynorinvoluntaryservitude
in any of the States described in the resolve of Coneresn of
the 23d of April, 1784, otherwise than in punishment of ,
crimes whereof the party shall l?ave been personally guilty; •
