ism,
THE -CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
202J
would not stoop to such a warfare as this. If it'
was aimed at James Buchanark, I would spurn it
from rae.
This is not the first time, Mr. President, that
the shafts of political malignity have been hurled
at men who have served the Republic, and it is
not the first time the Senate haa been called upon
to grope among the archives of the Government
to discover some account, or the records of some
account, between the Government and men who
have been intrusted with public funds, out of
■which something would be distorted for partisan
ends.
In 1828, Andrew Jackson was assailed for his
military deeds. The people, unmindful of these
assaults, bore him proudly to the presidential
chair, over one of the purest, ablest, and most
incorruptible patriots that ever graced the coun-
cils of the Republic. In 1840, General Harrison
was assailed by the envenomed tongue of slander,
branded as a coward, and denounced as a corrupt
man, and the people took him in their arms, and
bore him to the executive chair, over his expe-
rienced and accomplished competitor.
Ill 1818, Zachary Taylor and the venerable
Senator from Michigan [General Cass] were both
denounced in the same manner—their accounts
with the Government, through long years of pub-
lic service, overhauled and audited over again by
the political accountants and auditors.
In 1852, General Scott, a soldier who has served
the Republic for more than forty years, in peace
and war, with unsurpassed ability, was arraigned
in the same manner and for a similar object.
What was gained by these assaults upon Jack-
son, Harrison, Taylor, Cass, Scott? 1 venture
to say here, to-day, that all those assaults upon
these distinguished men, concerning their mone-
tary transactions with the Government, never
lost them the confidence or support of any por-
tion of the American people. Sir, the American
people believed these assaults to be unjust, mean,
contemptible. Pass this resolution; drag out of
the Departments the bills, vouchers, letters, and
papers between Colonel Fremont and the Gov-
ernment; garble them; scatter them over the land;
blurt their contents into the unwilling ear of the
country;and the people, with that sense of justice,
that practical judgmentwhich distinguishes them,
will pronounce it all political persecution.
Yes, sir, this partisan scheme will bring upon
its authors, upon the men engaged in its execu-
tion, not public confidence and regard, but public
censure and contempt; and it will bring to Colo-
nel Fremont the sympathy which honest men
ever give to the persecuted.
Colonel Fremont was intrusted by his Gov-
ernment with high and responsible duties. Those
duties were far distant from the seat of Govern-
ment, beyond the borders of the States—in the
Territories beyond the father of waters—in the
Rocky Mountains—in California. Those high
and responsible duties were performed in a man-
ner that won the commendation of the Govern-
ment, the approval of honorable Senators upon
this floor, and the applause and admiration of the
grateful people. His name is forever associated
with the pathways to the golden shores of the
Pacific, through the gorges of the Roeky Mount-
ains—with the conquest and acquisition of Cal-
ifornia.
Money was intrusted to his hands. In the
performance of the duties assigned him, men, j
property, money, were all for months—years—
intrusted to his keeping. The people will demand
why John C. Fremont is arraigned now, eight or
ten years after his duties to the Government are
performed. If his accounts were unsettled; if
he had failed to account for money placed in his
hands; if he was in any sense a defaulter, " why,"
the people will demand, "was he not reported as
the laws require by the proper officers? Why
was his name left out of the list of public officers
whose accounts were reported unsettled?"
On the 16th of January, 1854, the Hon. Elisha
Whittlesey, Comptroller of the Treasury, made
a report to the House of Representatives, -in
which he says:
" In conformity with the provisions of tlie act of Con-
gress, approved March 3, JS09, entitled ' An act further to
amend the several acts for the establishment and regulation
of the Treasury, War, and Navy Departments,' and of the
act passed March 3,1817, entitled, ' An act to provide for
the prompt settlement of the public accounts,' I transmit,
herewith, statements of the accounts which remained due
more than three years prior to the first day of July, 1853,
on the books of the Register of the Treasury, and on the
books of the Second, Tlurd, and Fourth Atiditois of ttie
Treasury, respectively."
This report, Mr. President, contains ninety-
six pages of names reported in obedience to the
requirements of the law, by Mr. Bigger, Register
of the Treasury, Mr. Clayton, Second Auditor,
Mr. Burt, Third Auditor, and Mr. Dayton, Fourth
Auditor. These reports of the Auditors of the
Treasury Department contain the names otoer-
sons whose accounts have remained unsettled, or
on which, balances appear to have been due more
than three years prior to July 1st, 1853, " fur-
nished in pursuance of the second section of the
act of Congress, approved March 3,1809, entitled
' An act further to amend the several acts for the
establishment and regulation of the Treasury,
War, and'Navy Departments,' " and " the names
of officers whose accounts for advances made, or
balances unaccounted for, one year prior to July
1,1853, and have not been settled within the year;
prepared in pursuance of the 13th section of the
act of March 3, 1817."
In this long list of names I find the names of
some of the noblest sons of the Republic. The
names of Generals Gaines, Worth, and Harney,
are in this list, but the name of John C. Fremont
is not among them. If his accounts were unset-
tled, if balances were against him, why was not
his name reported? His name is not in the list
of persons whose accounts were unsettled during
the year preceding the 1st of July, 1853, or the
three years preceding thatdatc.
On the 1st of July, 18o5, no moneys were in
his hands unaccounted for. He owed the Gov-
ernment nothing. At that very time he had a
claim for supplies furnished the Government as
early as July, 1851. That claim was examined
and reported upon by a coijimittee of the House
of Representatives, at the head of which was
Colonel Orr, one of the leaders of the Adminis-
tration in the House. That committcc reported
a bill allowing Colonel Fremont $183,825, and
that bill received the unanimous vote of the
House and Senate, and the approval of President
Pierce on the 29th of July, 1854.
If his accounts were unsettled—if the money
was in his hands unaccounted for—if the Gov-
ernment had any balance against him—why, sir,
why did not your Administration compel a set-
tlement, and secure any claims of the Govern-
ment when it held $183,825 of John C. Fremont's
money in its coffeis? Will the Senator from
Pennsylvania, will any Senator answer this
question ?
Some mousing politician in the Departments,
or who have access to the Departments; some
little, soulless creature, ever ready to blast the
reputation of honorable men, has doubtless found
papers bearing upon Colonel Fremont's connec-
tions with the Government, out of which he
thinks extracts can be quoted, if published, by
which venal politicians can blacken the reputa-
tion of one they fear and hate; and the Senator
from Pennsylvania comes into this Chamber with
this resolution to carry out this small game of
political malignity.
I shall vote, sir, for this inquiry, but I wash my
hands of its meanness, its abject littleness. If it
applied to anybody's candidate but the one I
support, I would vote against it. I would never
consent to resort to such petty warfare.
The Senator from Pennsylvania assumes to be
Mr. Buchanan's fugleman here. I have some-
times thought the Senator, in his deep anxiety,
felt that he carried Mr. Buchanan upon his shoul-
ders. I hold James Buchanan responsible for
this attempted blow at his rival, struck by the
hand of the Senator from Pennsylvania, who pro-
fesses to be his particular friend—who is ever
watchful of his interests and fame. So prompt
is the Senator from Pennsylvania to rush to the
defense of Mr. Buchanan,"that I have come to
regard him as that gentleman's " premonitory
symptom"here. Nothing but that Senator's ex-
treme desire to better the waning fortunes of
his chief could have induced him to engage in this
political device. _
Mr. President, the people will regard this as
persecution. It will bring odium, not upon Colt#
nel Fremont—but upon the men who originated
it. It will rather redound, as all such attacks
against candidates for the Prewiency have done,
to his advantage. The issues arenjacte up,_ They
are the gravest and most transcendentissueseveE
presented to the people of the United-State^. All
that the Senator from Pennsylvania and his can-
didate can make out of his inquiry w,ill not weigh
a feather in the coming contest, which is to decide
whether freedom or slavery shall'sway the pcJicy
of the Republic., - ,
Iowa, young Iowa, has uttered her voice, for
John C. Fremont, by a majority of thousands.
Maine will respond to Iowa for the East, in a few
weeks, in. a voice not to be mistake!). The Sen-
ator cannot break the mighty current that is
bearing the friends of free Kansas on to assured
triumph by this petty political maneuver, which
gentlemen should not stoop to engage in. Penn-
sylvania, on the 14th of October, may teach her
Senator that she is not to be won by any attempt
to defame the chieftain around whose banner the
liberal, progressive, democratic masses of the
country are rallying for the coming fight.
1 havenot spoken, Mr. President, of the motives
that have actuated the Senator from Pennsyl-
vania in introducing this inquiry. I have nothing
to do with motives. I have-spoken of the act, and
I have spoken of it as I think it deserves. Per-
haps the Senator feels that he has the name and
fame of Colonel Fremont as well as Mr. Buchanan
in his keeping. Perhaps we ought to feel grateful
to him fo  his zeal for the reputation of our can-
didate; but I cannot but feel that whatever the
effects of this inquiry may be upon- Colonel
Fremont, the Senator will win no laurels by it
that any one will desire to pluck from his brow.
Mr. BIGLER. Mr. President, I had not in-
tended to make any reply to the remarks of the
Senator from Massachusetts, but I feel required
to do so—a sense of personal respect constrains
me to do so. I must be pardoned for remarking
to the Senate that I have occupied but very little
of the time of this body. I have sat here fre-
quently, and reproached myself for withholding
my views on subjects which I thought I, to some
extent at least, understood, and I trust for a very
few minutes I may be indulged in replying to the
Senator from Massachusetts.
He sets out with the proposition that I have
not given to the Senate my reasons for offering
this"resolution. I have had no opportunity to do
so; but I indicated to the Senate on the question
of taking up the resolution, that these charges
were made publicly now, were scattered through
the newspapers, and that it was due to Colonel
Fremont that the truth should be ascertained from
official sources. I expressed my surprise that
that Senator should object to the development of
the record. He tells me that the settlements have
been made, and he is in possession of the- docu-
ments. That is a reason why he should vote for
the resolution, and not delay the Senate by talk.
He very shrewdly undertakes to hold Mr. Buch*
anan accountable for my action here. I thank
him for the opportunity of saying to the Senate,
and to the country, that Mr. Buchanan is not
accountable for any act of mine here, whether it
relates to this or any other question. I have not
communicated with Mr. Buchanan in reference
to this subject, or in reference to any question of
partisan policy involved in the presidential elec-
tion. Pie leaves me free to my own judgment
here, and the country will judge of him upon his
own record, and he will not be held accountable
for anything I may say or do. So much for that.
Now, sir, as for the Senator's concern for my
public reputation in presenting this measure, I
have only to say, that I will take care of that my-
self. He may denominate it what he pleases,
but I ask him to reserve carefully any imputation
ou my motives and my purposes here; for whilst
I shall,as carefully as any Senator,comply with
all the rules of courtesy, bear and forbear, I tell
that Senator once for all , that there is a line which
he must not pass. If lie intends tosay thatl delib-
erately contemplate a mean and unworthy act, I
shall denounce it as in violation of parliamentary
courtesy, and in violation of propriety.
Why, Mr. President, I saw these charges
against Mr. Fremont circulated all over the coun-
try. I remembered that when Mr. Stewart, of
my own State, in 1848, made similar allegations-
against the venerable Senator from Michigan, the
friends of that gentleman at once invited an in-
vestigation, and a resolution was offered calling
for all the documents. The Senator from Msfc*
