THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 14,
oiwij you actually declared them to be ineligible
• to promotion; you put them upon the footing—
I' was about to gay—of felons. It is not the act
of the President; it is the act of Congress. You
declared them incapable of receiving a nomina-
tion from the President and a confirmation by the
Senate to further promotion. Can such a provis-
ion be constitutional? I ask the honorable Sen-
ator from Louisiana, and I ask any other honorable
Senator,, whether, if the President should nom-
inate any one of those officers who have either
been dropped or put upon the retired list, by way
of promotion, and the Senate should confirm that
officer, there could be any doubt of the validity
of such an appointment? No doubt could re-
main -whatever, unless Congress can change the
Constitution.
, Sir,'as I said at the outset, we are losing sight of
the distribution of power to the different branches
of the Government under the Constitution. We
liave undertaken by this act to exercise executive
power. We have gone beyond that, and we have
undertaken to incapacitate the Executive from
/ exercising his constitutional power. When,there-
fore, Senators here complain of the evil that exists,
of the wrong that has been done, of the injustice
that has been inflicted, they are complaining not
of this board of officers, nor of the executive de-
partment, but of the legislative department. The
wil lies at our own doors. We nave done what
we ought not to have done. We have gone be-
yond the bounds of the Constitution. We have
undertaken to displace moil from office upon a
discretion which is not in accordance witli the
Constitution, and which could not be operative
but that the President has exercised his own dis-
cretionary power in thus sanctioning their re-
moval; and when they are removed they cannot
be brought back again. As to those placed on the
retired list, however, they remain there no longer
than the law remains; and the moment that law
is removed out of the way, they 1 emain officers in
their plages, with all the powers and with all the
privileges appertaining to their offices >
When we, by law, have declared some of the
highest officers of the Navy incapable of being
appointed to office—men who are placed on the
retired list without any fault or blame which
would justify their being dropped from the rolls
of the Navy—we have inflicted an injury upon
them of which I think they may justly complain.
Butthe law has gone further. 1 will not, however,
advert to any other topic at this time. I shall not
go into the question whether this board has or
has not well performed its duty. I deem that
question premature. The subject is in the hands
of the Committee on Naval Affairs, who will
report to this body the facts on which we are to
act. I will not go into the question whether the
President has in a proper manner performed his
duty. I will only say that he has executed the
law as it is, and as it was designed to be by Con-
gress.
Sir, let me sny to the honorable Senator from
Georgia, [Mi-.Toomes, J that there is nothing in the
law which indicated an intention to create a^ naval
court-martial, oracourt of any description. There
isnotlnngwhichindicates an intention to put any
- man on trial. There is nothing before the Senate
which evinces that any man has been put on trial.
It may be so; I fear that it is so; but we liavo 110
knowledge which will justify us in supposing that
any man has been put on trial. We do know,
however, that, upon the recommendation of the
board, the President has dismissed from the Navy
men who complain, and has placed on the retired
list men who complain.
Now, sir, I say I will never give a vote that
shall sanction injustice towards any American
citizen while I have a seat on this floor. Where
injustice has been done—where an officer, for ex-
ample, has been subjected to a secret investiga-
tion, and has suffered a punishment, (although m
pursuance of law and in precise accordance with
the law which we have enacted,) I will never give
a vote in any way to sanction such injustice, with-
out affording him a full and fair opportunity to
show, in a proper manner, whether the result
is what it should have been; whether injustice
has been done, or whether the judgmentwas just
and proper. As I before remarked, however, I
am not willing to go into that question at this
time. The subject which has been presented in-
volves the power which we have, and the power
which has been, exercised. The questions that
arise upon the face of the law, as to our authority
to apply a remedy,are questions which, I think,
are proper to be considered, and thus far I have
considered them.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. I rise only for the pur-
pose of correcting a mistake, a misapprehension
of the honorable Senator who has just taken his
seat, with regard to what I said on a former
occasion. I never intended to say, and indeed I
never did say, that the repeal of the law would
restore the officers who had been dropped. There
may be some doubt on that point, and I did not
express an opinion upon it. I never proposed to
repeal the law as a remedy for those who have
been dropped or retired. I never advanced the
opinion that thatcourse alone would restore them.
I have been misapprehended, also, by another
gentleman who spoke on the subject.
Mr. TOUCEY. I am very glad to find that I
misapprehended, as I doubtless did, the remarks
of the honorable Senator from Kentucky. I have
not seen the report of his speech; I spoke only
from the impression made on my mind from hear-
ing him; but I am very glad to find that there is
no difference, so far as I can discover, in the
Senate with regard to the effect of the repeal of
the law.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. I wish the gentleman
to understand merely, that I expressed no opin-
ion on the subject. What my opinion may be
hereafter, after a full examination, I cannot now
say.
Mr. TOtTCEY. I am very glad, then, to find
that I am not confronted by the dissenting opin-
ion of the honorable Senator from Kentucky.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I desire,Mr. President, to
say a very few words to the Senate in reference
to the legal propositions advanced by the Senators
from Virginia and Connecticut. It was not my
intention to say another word to the Senate on
this question, but I have been appealed to so
pointedly by those gentlemen, and the proposi-
tions which I adduced yesterday have been con-
tested by them with arguments which strike my
mind as being so easily susceptible of answer,
that I shall detain the Senate for ten or twelve
minutes in attempting what seems to me to be an
ample answer.
First, let me answer the honorable Senator
from Virginia. His proposition, if I understood
him—for I must confess I had some difficulty in
bringing my mind to the conclusion that he in-
tended to advance such a proposition—was, that
the vacancies in tins case were created by the
law, and that Congress having no power to create
a vacancy by law, those vacancies, therefore, did
not constitutionally exist, and the vacancies, not
constitutionally existing, could not constitution-
ally be filled. I think that was the proposition of
the honorable Senator. If I was mistaken in sup-
posing that to have been his proposition, I should
be liappy to bo corrected.
Mr. MASON. Will the Senator indulge me
for a moment?
Mr. BENJAMIN. Yes, sir; certainly.
Mr. MASON. I understood the Senator from
Louisiana yesterday to say that the law had cre-
ated these vacancies, or that there were vacancies
in the Navy arising under the operation of this
law.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I said vacancies arising
under the operation of the law.
Mr. MASON. Well, sir, vacancies arising
under the operation of the law; and the Senator
said further that, inasmuch as none but the Pres-
ident could fill vacancies, it was therefore removed
from the sphere of legislation. Did I understand
him correctly?
Mr. BENJAMIN. Unquestionably.
Mr. MASON. Very well. Then, in answer
to that, I intended to be understood this morning
as saying, that if the Senator was right, and va-
cancies did exist, arising under the operation of
the law, they must of necessity be vacancies
created by the law; and if the law had power to
create a vacancy, the law ccrtainly had the power
to destroy the vacancy which it created, either by
a repeal of the former law, or, if necessary, by
declaring in terms the legislative will to destroy
the vacancies it had created. I went further, and
I said that in my apprehension there were m fact
no vacancies; that the law could only be con-
strued, however inartificially it had been effected,
as creating so many new offices; and if they were
new offices the President could only fill them by
his appointing power in conjunction with the
Senate, and therefore the commissions which had
been issued were null without the confirmation of
the Senate. That is the view which I took.
Mr. BENJAMIN. Mr. President, in the dis-
cussion of these constitutional questions, it is
absolutely necessary, for arriving at a correct
result, that we shall start by knowing what we
mean, and that propositions shall be stated in
such exact and logical form, that no two minds
can differ as to the meaning which those propo-
sitions, on their face, import.
Now, sir, the Senator from Virginia says that
if these vacancies are created by the operation of
the law, they are therefore vacancies created by
the law. I think his premises are false; but if I
went further, and now admitted those false prem-
ises to be true, I think I could conclusively show
that the deduction drawn from those premises is
as false as the premises themselves. He goes 011
to argue that, if we can once create a vacancy by
law, as a matter of sound logic and constitutional
construction, it follows that vacancies thus created
by law can be destroyed by law, to use his own
term. I say, in the first place, that a vacancy
which occurs by the action of the Executive—
which action is called into exercise by the opera-
tion of a law—is not a vacancy created by the
law, in the constitutional sense; because a va-
cancy created by law is a vacancy which the law
itself declares to exist. Now, as it is unquestion-
ably true, as a constitutional proposition, that we
cannot, without destroying the office itself, by
the action of Congress, remove an officer—that
being solely an Executive function—it is also
undoubtedly true, as a constitutional proposition,
that we cannot create a vacancy by law. We
may, however, by a law which is approved by
the Executive, introduce such a state of circum-
stances, in relation to any portion of the public
service, as shall require of the Executive the ex-
ercise of his prerogative of removal; and then,
when the Executive exercises this prerogative,
the removal is the removal of the Executive, and
not of the law. The removal is an act of consti-
tutional power exercised by the President of the
United States, and it is not the usurpation of un-
lawful authority by Congress. Therefore, I say
that, when the gentleman tells us that a removal
which takes place by the operation of this law,
or by the force of circumstances which arise out
of the passage of this law by Congress, is a re-
moval by virtue of the law, he misstates the
premises.
But, sir, suppose his premises to be true; I say
the conclusion is false. Admit that the vacancy
is created by the law. I deny that if a vacancy
were constitutionally created by law, (if such a
thing were possible,) it could be destroyed, as the
gentleman is pleased to term it; though I do not
know what he means by the destruction of a
vacancy. This is a mode of getting arounda false
conclusion from premises; it is a mode of avoid-
ing a statement of the question, such as would at
^>nce show to every intelligent mind the sophism
of the proposition, if correctly stated in proper
language. The gentleman states that, if an act
of Congress could create a vacancy, an act of
Congress could therefore destroy a vacancy. The
gentleman failed to say what would have been the
proper form of language by which an act of Con-
gress would fill a vacancy; because at once every
Senatorwould have answered, "No; under your
Constitution, if a vacancy once exists, it cannot
be filled by an act of Congress, because the terms
of the Constitution are clear and imperative."
The gentleman, wishing to avoid this conclusion,
avoids the language of tlie Constitution, and talks
to us about destroying a vacancy, as if that were
appropriate language for the conclusion. He fears
that the argument used in relation to the construc-
tion of this law cannot be gainsayed. It can only
be met by avoiding the use of the proper terms
of the English language; it can only be met, or
rather it can only be evaded, by the use of terms
which are not appropriate to the proper subject-
matter to which they are applied. An act of Con-
gress that would create a vacancy, (if such a thing
could be,) would, ipso facto, vest in the President
of the United States the power of filling that
vacancy, and the power of Congress to do what
