419
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[April 23,
34th Cong.... 1st Sess.
The Slavery Question—Mr. Stanton, of Okio.
Ho. or Reps.
uhI thai this regulation stmll he m article ot compact* tnd
tvmam a limdaincntal principle o/iho eoastuuuoiu* between
the thirteen ongtnal j*tntti$,a id OH'.'h of tht? St&i&i desenbod
in U c resolve oi tlie '-^><1 0! April, 1
Mr. King moved its reference to a committee.
The vote on referring was as follows:
Aves—New Hampshire, Massachusetts, Rhode
Island, Connecticut, New York, New Jersey,
Pennsylvania, and Maryland—8.
Nays—Virginia, North Carolina, and South
Carolina—3.
So the proposition was referred.
It will be seen that Maryland has changed
fronts. Mr. Stone aeems-to hare been left out
of the delegation, and Mr. Hind man elected in
his place. And Mr. Hindman and Mr. J. Henry
voted ay, against Mr. McHenry's nay. Mr.
Jefferson had also left Congress, and Mr. Gray-
son was elected in his place. Mr. Grayson
voted ay, and Mr. Hardy and Mr. Lee nay.
The Journals do not show that the committee to
whom this proposition was referred ever made
any rvport. No further action seems to have
been had upon the subject until the passage of
the celebrated ordinance of July 13, 1787.
Besides the provision excluding slavery, this
ordinance is a great charter of liberty, and a com-
prehensive code of municipal law. It establishes
a territorial government, provide* for the appoint-
ment of a Governor and judges, and the election
of a council and members of tne Territorial Legis-
lature, prescribes their Qualifications,defines their
powers, and duties, ana terms of office. It fixes
the basis of representation, and regulates and de-
fines the qualifications of officers and voters, and
authorizes the election of a Delegate to Congress,
with the right of speaking, but not of voting. It
fuaranties the liberty of conscience, and the free-
om of religious worship; secures the right to
the writ of habeas corpus and trial by jury,
equal representation in the legislation, and judi-
cial proceedings according to the course of the
common law; makes all offenses, not capital,
bailable; prohibits cruel or unusual punishments
or excessive fines; and secures to everv man his
liberty, unless deprived of it by the judgment of
his peers and the law of the land; prohibits pri-
vate property from being taken for public use until
compensation is made to the owner; enjoins the
encouragement of religion, morality, ana knowl-
edge, and the observance of justice and good faith
towards the Indians; and guaranties the freedom
of the navigation of the navigable waters of the
Mississippi and St. Lawrence, and the carrying
places between them, and prescribes the bound-
aries of the several States to be created out of the
Territory, and provides for their admission into
the Union. It provides for the descent and dis-
tribution of property, the execution of wills and
deeds, and for recording and proving them. It
authorizes the establishment of a civil and crim-
inal code; for organizing and disciplining the
militia; for the appointment of magistrates and
other civil officers, the division of the Territory
into counties, <fcc., dec.
This surely covers the whole range of legis-
lative sovereignty and jurisdiction. And, if these
powers have been lawfully exercised by Con-
gress, upon what principle is it that Congress is
excluded from prohibiting slavery in the Territo-
ries ? The vote upon its adoption was unanimous,
every State voting for it, and every member, ex-
cept Mr. Yates, of New York; but the vote of
the State was cast in its favor by Mr. Smith and
Mr. Haring.
From this review of the action of the Congress
of the Confederation, it is perfectly dear that
there never was a time, when Congress was full,
and ali the States represented, that slavery would
not have been excluded from the Territories by
the action of that body. The absence of a single
member from New Jersey defeated Mc. Jeffer-
son 's proposition in 1784.
So stood the matter at the adoption of the Con-
stitution, and at the organization of the present
Government. Slavery was excluded, not only
by positive law, but by solemn compact, from
every foot of territory over which the Govern-
ment had the slightest color of jurisdiction or con-
trol. George Washington, who had been Pres-
ident of the Convention which framed the Consti-
tution, was President of the Uni ted States; Thomas
Jefferson was Secretary of State; Alexander Ham-
ilton, Secretary of the Treasury; and Edmund
Randolph, Attorney General; and, therefore,
were ex ojjicio constitutional advisers of the Pres-
ident.
The First Congress (previous to the adoption |
of the Constitution by Rhode Island and North j
Carolina) contained twenty-two Senators and ;
fifty-eight Representatives, making eighty in all.
The Federal Convention, which framed tne Con-
stitution, had fifty-four members. Seventeen of
these were members of the First Congress. These,
with General Washington, General Hamilton,
and Edmund Randolph, made twenty of the fifty-
four members of the convention, whose official
stations made it their duty to pass upon the con-
stitutionality of the legislation of that Congress.
And they were not obscure or inconsiderable
men. Besides the President and his Cabinet,
there were in the Senate such men as John Lang-
don, of New Hampshire, Caleb Strong, of
Massachusetts, Oliver Ellsworth, of Connecticut,
Robert Morris, of Pennsylvania, Rufus King, of
New York, and Pierce Butler, of South Caro-
lina; and in the House such men as Elbridge
Gerry, of Massachusetts, James Madison, of 1
Virginia, Daniel Carroll, of Maryland, Roger
Sherman, of Connecticut, George Clymer and
Thomas Fitzsimmons, of Pennsylvania, and
Abraham Baldwin, of Georgia. In short, the
master-spirits, the leading and influential men
who controlled the Federal Convention, were sent
to the First Congress.
The people undoubtedly supposed that the men
who made the governmental machine would
know better how to gear it up, and start it, than
anybody else, rfnd what did they do ?
On the 16th of July, 1789, Mr. Fitzsimmons,
of Pennsylvania, reported a bill " to provide for
the government of tne territory northwest of the
river Ohio;" which passed both Houses with-
out a division, and was approved by the Presi-
dent, August 7, 1789. It contained the follow- !
ing preamble: |
" Whereas, in order tbat the ordinance of the United '
States in Congress assembled, for the government of the
Territory uorthwest of the river Ohio, may continue to line
fall effect, it is requisite thai certain provisions should be
made so as to adapt the same to the present Constitution.''
The law then requires the President and Sen- 1
ate to make certain appointments, and to exercise
certain powers conferred by the ordinance on the
Congress of the Confederation.
Here is a practical construction of the consti-
tutional power of Congress over slavery and the
Territories, by the framers of the Constitution
themselves, from which there is no escape, except
upon one of two grounds; either that they did not
understand the workmanship of their own hands,
or that they disregarded their obligations to the
Constitution and to the country. j
There was no hesitation or doubt about the
exercise of this power; no man ever dfeamed of
calling it in question. On the 2d day of April, 1
1790, the State of North Carolina cedcd to the
United States the "sovereignty and territory "of
what now constitutes the Sta e of Tennessee, i
The deed of cession provides that the territory
shall be governed in the manner prescribed by the
ordinance of 1787, for the government or the
Northwest Territory, except that " no regula-
tions made or to be made by Congress shall tend
to emancipate slaves."
On the 26th of May , 1790, Congress passed an
act extending the ordinance of 1787 (except the
sixth section) over this territory. And no one
can doubt but the ordinance would have carried
with it the right to prohibit slavery if it had not
been expressly excluded. In fact, the parties so
understood it, and hence the exception.
This shows again the extent and character of
the sovereignty which this Congress supposed it
was authorized to exercise over the Territories.
The only subject of debate or controversy upon
the act accepting the cession was, whether the
exception should be allowed or tolerated at all ?
A portion of the members insisted upon having
this exception stricken out, but a majority decided
otherwise.
On the 25th of April, 1796, a petition was pre-
scnted to the House from the Governor of the j
Northwestern Territory, " asking permission to ii
; import slaves into that Territory from other
States, so as not to increase their number."- The
petition was referred to a select committee, of
which Mr. Coit, of Connecticut, was chairman,
with Mr. Bailey, of New York, Mr. Hindman, of
Maryland, Mr. Jackson, of Virginia, and Mr.
Burton, of South Carolina. On the 12th of May,
1796, the committee reported adversely to tne
prayer.of the petition; which was laid on the
table without a division. Here was not only the
question of the power of Congress over slavery
in the Territories directly presented,but the right
of the people to regulate it for themselves, and
the expediency of permitting them to control
that question. They presented the specious
reason that, as they only desired permission to
import slaves from other States, it would not in-
crease slavery in the aggregate, and, therefore,
could do no harm. They had not the face to
claim it as a constitutional right, or that it would
promote the welfare of the people of the Terri-
tory.
On the 18th of April, 1798, Congress passed a
law for the appointment of commissioners for
the settlement of boundaries and the cession of
i territories from the State of Georgia, and the
; organization of a territorial government for the
Mississippi Territory. The sixth section of this
act provides that the people of this Territory shall
enjoy " all the rights, privileges, and advantages
granted to the people of the Territory northwest
of the Ohio river by the ordinance of 1787." The
seventh section prohibits the importation of slaves
from any country except the United States. On
the passage of the bill through the House, Mr.
Thatcher, of Massachusetts, moved to prohibit
slavery in the Territory. The motion was sus-
tained in debate by Mr. Varnum and Mr. Albert
Gallatin, but there were only twelve votes in favor
of the amendment. The reason undoubtedly
was, that the Territory was claimed by Georgia
to be within her territorial limits, and it was in
fact inhabited mainly by a slaveholding popula-
tion; and such a provision would necessarily nave
brought the General Government in conflict with
the State of Georgia upon a doubtful question
of title and Jurisdiction. Such a conflict was not
desirable, if there was any doubt who was right.
The question of the validity and construction of
the ordinance of 1787 was presented in rather a
novel form at the second session of the Third
Congress.
On the 11th of November, 1794, the Speaker
presented to the House the credentials of James
White, as a Representative of the Territory south
of the Ohio, in pursuance of the ordinance of 1787.
No law had been passed by Congress since the
adoption of the Constitution, defining his char-
acter, or rights and privileges—how he was to be
paid, or to which House he was to go—whether
to the Senate or the House of Representatives.
The ordinance simply provided that the Territory
should have a Delegate to Congress, " with a
right of debating, but not of voting." But there
was but one House in the Congress of the Con-
federation, and each State then paid its own mem-
bers; now, Congress consisted of two Houses,
and the members were paid from the national .
Treasury. What was to be done with this non-
descript Delegate, who seemed to have been en-
tirely overlooked in framing the Federal Consti-
tution.' Noplace was provided for him. Which
House should he go to ? How should he be paid >
What should be his powers and privileges?
Should he have a right of debating all subjects
that came before Congress, or only those that
affected the Territory which he represented ? A
great variety of opinions prevailed, and the matter
was thoroughly discussed; but in the whole dis-
cussion no member intimated a doubt about the
binding force or validity of the ordinance of 1787,
under which he was elected, nor of his right toft
seat somewhere in Congress, upon some terms,
and to be paid by somebody. It seems to me
that a more emphatic recognition of the validity
of the ordinance could scarcely be imagined; and
all our subsequent legislation in relation to terri-
torial Delegates is based upon this ordinance.
On the 7th day of May, 1800, the law organizing
the Territory of Indiana was passed; the second
section of wnich provides that " the government
shall be in all respects similar to that provided by
