1148
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 8,
the treaty had been legally abrogated, so 'as to
expose the vessel and cargo to the discriminating
duties and fees. That I may not seem to imagine
a case, I call yoar attention to a list of these
duties and fees;
Statement of discriminating duties imposed upon foreign
vessels and tkeir caygoei in the United States, not privileged
by treaties or acts of Congress.
Fifty cents pur ton as tonnage duty; if American-built,
thirty cents pe,r ton: by act of Congress of July 20, 1790.
Fifty cents per ton as light money: by act ot Congress of
May 27, 1804.
Two dollars per ton when coming from any port or place
to and with which vessels of the United Slates arc not
ordinarily permitted to enter and trade: by act of Congress
of March 3,1817.
Ten per cent, additional duty on the different rates of
duties imposed by the general tariff, where no specific dis-
crimination has been made.
Ten per cent, additional duty on the tariff duty of all
goods, wares, and merchandise, which shall be imported
from any pou or place east of the Cape of Good Hope.
Ji specific discrimination with rcgatd to cojfee and tea,
inasmuch as these articles have been made dutyfree when
- imported direct fiom their places of production ; and coffee,
the growth or pioduction of the possessions of the Nether-
lands, when imported direct from the Nettie* lands in Europe,
inJi-ncritan vessel*, or in foreign vessels equally privileged
with thein by treaties or acts of Congress; while said arti-
cles imported in the same way in toieign vessels are not
so privileged, and come under the classification of non-
enumerated articles, subjcct to a duty of twenty per cent
ad valorem, constituting thus a discriminating duly to its
full extent m this particular. See the tariff of August 29,
1840, sections nine and six, and sections ten and eleven, and
the tariff of July 30,1846, section two, referring to schedule
one, and section tlnee.
Mr. CLAYTON. Will the Senator permit me
to make a suggestion?
Mr. SUMNER. Certainly.
Mr. CLAYTON. I wish to ask the Senator,
whether, in his judgment, supposing the treaty to
be abrogated, our act of Congress of 1828 would
not authorize the executive department of the
Government to admit free of duty any articles
from Denmark 15
Mr. SUMNER. I have not examined the sub-
ject with reference to that act of Congress, nor
does it seem to be important.
Mr. CLAYTON. I tlunk, if the gentleman
will turn his attention to the act of Congress, lie
will find that, if the treaty should be abolished,
and similar discriminations were not made by
Denmark on our commerce, under that act no
such discrimination could be made hero.
Mr. SUMNER. The .Senator will see that the
very question which lie puts requires that we
should understand the course lhat Denmark takes
in regard to these duties. It does not help the
determination of our present liability; and that
is the question which 1 desire to press upon the
Senate. Dunng the coming mouths, before we
can hear from Denmark, suppose a Danish vessel
arrives at New York or San Francisco, what i 
its condition with reference to this treaty? If
legally abrogated, the vessel and cargo will bo
exposed to these discriminating duties; if not
legally abrogated, they will not be.
Mr. CLAYTON. There cannot be a doubt
that Denmark would be very glad to take awa)r
any discrimination. Iler interests would be de-
cidedly in favor of the reciprocity, and we could
not hesitate to anticipate her decision.
Mr. SUMNER. The Senator is, perhaps,
right. The President may remit these disenm-
inatmgduties; but I believe he can only do it after
information from Denmark as to her course. He
cannot do it at once; and 1 now refer to these
duties simply to show that at this moment, while
I speak, a practical question may arise in our
courts, or at our custom-houses, as to the validity
of the act of abrogation.
These things will, at least, make you hesitate
before you assert a power which is without prece-
dent, and which, at the beginning, was disowned
in this very case. By referring to tiie published
diplomatic correspondence, it appears that Mr.
Buchanan, when Secretory of State, in a letter to
our Minister at Copenhagen, dated 14th October,
1846, twice over recognized this power in Con-
gress. " Congress may, therefore, at any moment,
authorise the President to terminate this conven-
tion." Mark, sir, he did not say the Senate, but
Congress. And then, again, he says, "It is
probable that two years might elapse before the
existing convention could be terminated, as an
act ml'st first pass Congress lo enable the Pres-
ident to give the required notice, after which a year
must expire before it could be rendered effective." It
appears/ that the House of Representatives}
proceeding on this understanding, had already
initiated a joint resolution on this subject, and,
therefore, were in some measure seized of it,
when the Senate undertook to act alone. It seems
to me that the course you have commenced should
be retraced, and that a joint resolution, or act of
Congress, for the abrogation of the treaty, should
be introduced at once, if it is considered, in the
present state of negotiations among the European
States on this question, that the abrogation of the
treaty should be pressed immediately.
Mr. MASON. I do not think the Senator cor-
rectly recollects the action of the House of Rep-
resentatives. The House at the last session
passed a joint resolution authorizing the Presi-
dent, at his discretion, at any time, to terminate
any treaty containing this provision.
Mr. SUMNER. I so understood.
Mr. MASON. I understood the Senator to
say that they had passed an act to terminate this
treaty. What they passed was a provision giving
general power to the President.
Mr. TOOMBS. Was that passed by the Sen-
ate?
Mr. MASON. No, sir; it was not acted on
by the Senate at all. The resolution on which
this proceeding was based was passed in lieu of
it.
Mr. SUMNER. The Senator is doubtless cor-
rect; but the question is the same. The House of
Representatives assumed that their concurrence
was necessary to the abrogation of the treaty.
The committee in their report assume that the
treaty is already abrogated " so far as Denmark
is concerned." This seems to go too far, and
is entirely at variance with the language of Mr.
Buchanan. Of course, Denmark would not un-
dertake to criticise the form of proceeding under
oar Constitution; but the question still recurs
whetherany act has been done calculated to term-
inate the treaty? If, as Mr. Buchanan says,
an act must first pass Congress to enable the Pres-
ident to give the required notice, after which a year
mast expire before it could be rendered effective—if
this proposition be true, the proceedings must be
commenced anew fiom the very beginning, and
another year of legal notice must be allowetTHo
elapse; but I do not care now to raise this ques-
tion. 1 desire the opinion of the Senate simply
on the necessity of present action by joint reso-
lution; leaving to another time, or to the commit-
tee, the question whether the joint resolution
shall be prospective in its operation, or retro-
active, so as to take advantage of the notice al-
ready given. In order to have a decision of this
single point, I move to strike out all of the reso-
lution now pending after the word "Resolved," and.
insert as follows:
That the Committee on Foreign Relations bf instvueted
to report a ioint resolution of Congress, providing foi the
pftVouial tenni nation of the convention with Denmark of
thc&Uli of ApnJ, 1826.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Biggs in
the chair.) The question must first be taken on
the amendment of the Senator from Michigan.
Mr. STUART. Mr. President, on a former
day I submitted some remarks to the Senate on
this subject, which were those of hasty consid-
eration. At that time I stated that when the res-
olution giving the notice was introduced into the
Senate at the last session by the honorable Sena-
tor from Virginia, [Mr. Mason,] the chairman of
the Committee on Foreign Relations, I inquired
of him whether we had the power to do it ? This
conversation he does not recollect; but it is very
strongly impressed on my own mind. His answer
was that the power was reserved in the treaty.
The resolution was agreed to-—as business usu-
ally is done m executive session—without much
consideration.
I propose to state in afew words my own views
on this subject, and how the President of the
United States himself viewed the question origin-
ally. In the first place let me turn the attention
of the Senate to the annual message of the Presi-
dent of the United States in December, 1854, m
i which he recommended that this treaty should be
terminated. Pic said:
'c Negotiations are pending with Denmaik to discontinue
the piactice of levying tolls on our vessels and their car-
goes passing through the Sound. I do not doubt that we
tan claim exemption therefrom as a matter of right. It is
admitted on all hands that this exaction is sanctioned, not
by the genera! principles of the law of nations, but only by
ecmVentiODS which mo&t of the commercial nauous
have entered into with Denmark. The fifth article of our
treaty of 1826 with Denmark provides that there shall not
be paid, on the vessels of the United States and Jieir ear-
goes when passing thiough the Soui.d, higl.er duties than
those ot the most favored nations. This may be regarded
as an implied agreement to submit to the tolls during the con
tinuance of the treaty, and consequently may cmbanass
the asseition of our light to be released therefrom. Theie
are also other provisions in the treaty which ought to be
modified It was to remain in force for ten years, and until
one year after eitiiei partv should give notice to the other
of intention to terminate it. I deem it expedient that the
contemplated notice should be given to the Government of
Denmark."
I call the attention of the Senate to this lan-
guage. It is used in the message of the President
of the United States to both Houses of Congress.
He does not say, " I recommend to the Senate of
the United States to take initiatory steps, in con-
junction with the President, to terminate this
treaty;" but he addresses himself to Congress,
thereby leaving us to infer, and infer legitimately,
that, in the opinion of the President at that time,
Congress was the body possessing the'power to
terminate the treaty.
I have read with some care the report of the
Committee on Foreign Relations on this subject,
and I find that they do not furnish the Senate
with a single case whore a treaty has ever been
terminated by the action of the Senate and the
President upon notice. The only case which has
occurred in the history of the Government, as I
understand, was that in respect to the treaty with
Great Britain in regard to Oregon, and that was
terminated by a law of Congress, on a recom-
mendation of the President. Then, so far as the
history of the country is concerned, precedent is
against the action which has been had in this
case. Now I propose to show that the action in
this ease is not proper upon principle.
The method of reasoning which has brought
the Commitfre on Foreign Relations to the con-
clusion which they have presented to the Senate,
I humbly submit, is neither conclusive nor sound.
The Senate and the President, says the report,
can make a treaty; therefore the Senate and the
President can give a notice which will be compe-
tent to terminate the treaty, if the power to term-
inate it by notice be reserved in the treaty itself.
Is that a sound proposition ? The power-given by
the Constitution to make a treaty is clear; but I
call the attention of the Senate now to this point,
(because it will be important in another branch
of my remarks,) to whom is the power to make
a treaty given? The words of the Constitution
are, that the President kt shall have power, by
' and with the advice and consent of the Senate, to
make treaties, provided two thirds of the Sen-
ators present concur;" and such is the practice
of the Government. The Executive makes a
treaty. He io the only power that can negotiate
under this Government. The negotiation pro-
eeedstoitsconclusion by the President; and when
the President has made the treaty he submits it
to the Senate for its advice and consent. That is
the Constitution. But a treaty, it is conceded in
the report, has a twofold effect: it is a contractor
agreement so far as regards the nations who are
parties to it; it is a law so far as relates to the
home Government and its citizens. Ilence springs
up the inquiry under our institutions, where is
the power to repeal a law ?
Do not let me be misunderstood. I concede
that the President of the United State^can make
a new treaty, and thus, by and with the advice
and consent of two thirds of the Senate, repeal an
existing treaty. That is a mode clearly pointed
out by the Constitution, and that power can
unquestionably be exercised; but I deny that it
follows as a consequence, or that it is sound as
a constitutional argument, that the Senate can
therefore terminate on existing treaty by a notice,
when the treaty in its body reserves the power
to cither party thus to terminate it; because there
is nothing in the Constitution which authorizes
the President and Senate to terminate a treaty in
any mode except by making a new one: that is
the only way in which it can be done.
I return to the Constitution again, and I in-
quire, under the Constitution, what power in this
Government can repealalaw? The joint action of
Congress, with the concurrence of the President,
is the only mode in which a law can be repealed.
Hence, the last branch of this resolution which
declares that the notice which has been given is
sufficient to put an end to this treaty, as a law of
the land, cannot nveet my approbation. Before I
