1850.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1149
proceed to consider the effect of this notice on
Denmark, and consequently upon the United
States, let me test the manner in which it has been
given.
Recollect, sir, that the President of the United
States first makes a treaty, and sends it here for
the advice and consent of the Senate. The Sen-
ate does not make a treaty, and send it to the
President for his approbation. This is not the
Constitution. In this ease, the Senate has taken
Ihe initiatory step. The Senate passed a reso-
lution authorizing thePresident to give this notice.
Certainly that is changing the initiation of the
action in regard to treaties under the Constitu-
tion. If the Committee on Foreign Relations be
correct in their position, what follows ? Clearly,
that the President must first make out inform the
notice which he intends to send to Denmark, and
?resent it to the Senate for its advice and consent,
n that way, and in no other, could it receive any
semblance of constitutional authority, according
to the committee'sargument. Tn thatevent, what
would appear upon the face of the transaction?
That which docs not appear on the face of this
resolution. I desire the especial attention of the
Senate and of the chairman of the committee to
the point which I now state. The resolution of
March 3, 1855, does not purport to be a resolu-
tion adopted by a vote of two thirds of the Sen-
ate. Whenever a resolution is required under
the Constitution of the United States to ratify a
treaty, what is its language? Resolved, ((wo
thirds of the Senators present concurring,)" &c.
There is nothing of that sort in this resolution.
This is simply a majority resolution of the
Senate, and nothing else. 1 contend, then, that
if the Committee on Foreign Relations were cor-
rect in saying that the President, with two thirds
of the Senate, could give this notice, the icsolu-
tion does not purport to have been agreed to by
two thirds of tho Senate, and therefore, upon its
very face, it is not a compliance with the consti-
tutional requirement.
1 think, notwithstanding the views which I
have stated, that a very unnecessary importance
has been given to this matter, so far as regards
the immediate question before the Senate; but
yet, if the action here is to be drawn into prece-
dent, it assumes quite a different character. Look-
ing to the organization of our Government, we
find that the only organ which communicates
with foreign Governments is the President of the
United States. He it is who represents this Gov-
ernment so far as foreign nations are concerned.
I hold that in this case, when the President of
the United States, assuming to act under the
article of the treaty which authorized notice to be
given, gave Denmark notice to terminate it, that
notice was binding on Denmark. She cannot go
behind the notice to inquire whether it was given
in conformity with the Constitution of the United
States or not. It binds her.
Mr. SUMNER. Will the Senator allow me
to call his attention to one point at that stage of
his argument?
Mr. STUART. Yes, sir.
Mr. SUMNER. Of course Denmark cannot
make any such inquisition; but the question is,
what will be the condition of a Danish ship during
these coming months, in an American port, with
regard to the payment of duties and other ship
charges? "Will the ship be obliged to pay, as if
the treaty existed, or as if it did not exist? In
order to determine that question, the courts of the
United States must decide whether the treaty has
been legally abrogated in pursuance of that pro-
vision, as a law.
Mr. STUART. I think that, if the Senator
had delayed for a moment in propounding the
inquiry to me, he would have discovered that it
was perhaps unnecessary.
Mr. SUMNER. Excuse me.
Mr. STUART. I am finding no fault. I was
about to follow the statement which I last made
with the further one, that, as a necessary result,
the notice being bmdmgon Denmark, it must also
be binding on thisGoveinment. If not, the strange
anomaly would be presented of one party to a
contract being bound when the other was not.
The question, then, resolves itself into this, (and j
it is die only important point in this inquiry,) !
whether the'President of the United States and
the Senate have assumed the exercise of an au-
thority not conferred upon them by the Constitu-
tion of the United States. That I may be under-
stood, let me say that I place the action of the
President in this case precisely on the principle
on which the agent of a private individual is
placed. He binds the individual whose agent he
is if he acts within the scope of his general au-
thority. If there be any specific limitations ex-
isting between him and his principal which limit
what would otherwise be his general authority,
they are not binding upon the opposite party.
The President, I say, is the agent, and the only
agent, that can speak for the Government of the
United States to foreign countries; and where
there is a contract like this existing between two
countries, authorizing cither party to terminate it
by notice, and the other country receives notice
from the only power in the Government author-
ized to give it—the President of the United States
—that Government has a right to treat it as valid,
and being thus bound, this country is bound also,
is bound to treat it as valid.
These were the reasons, and the only reasons,
why 1 gave the vote which 1 did the other day; for
I am clear that, as a whole matter, this is not a
valid notice on the part of this Government, and
ltgains no authority whatever from the action of
the Senate. I hold, in the first place, that the
Senate cannot aid the President in giving this
notice. In the next place, I hold that, if it can,
the notice has not been given agreeable to the
Constitution in this case, because it does not pur-
port to be by two thirds of the members of the
Senate. I hold, ii\ the third place, that if it were
proper to give the notice in this mode, the notice
must have been drawn by the President and sent
to the Senate, like a treaty, to be advised and
consented to by two thirds of the Senators; and a
majoiity resolution, started here and sent to the
President, is not sufficient.
Regarding this as a home question, the treaty
is a law; and there is no power under the Consti-
tution to repeal a law except the joint power of
Congress and the President acting together. En-
tertaining this view, 1 have submitted the motion
to strike out from the resolution of the commit-
tee that part of it which declares that nothing
further is requisite to terminate this treaty as a
law of the land.
I know, and I can see very readily, that many
gentlemen may differ with my views in respect
to the effect of the notice. Even gentlemen who
think that the notice is not according to the
provisions of the Constitution may very well
differ as to its binding effect. I have presented
to the Senate merely my own convictions for the
purpose of controlling my own vote; but I ought
to say, and I do say most cheerfully, that, as this
is a new question under our Government, I shall
be most happy to hoar anything that can be said
upon it, and I shall hold myself entirely open to
conviction. If I shall become satisfied, in the
course of this debate, that any ground which I
have assumed is unsound, it certainly will afford
me great pleasure to review it and change it.
Mr. SEWARD. Mr. President, I shall be
able to say in a very few words all that seems to
me important to explain the grounds upon which
the opinion which I expressed the other day with
some doubt, has arisen to absolute confidence in
regard to the insufficiency of the notice which is
the subject of consideration.
I observe in the first place, for the purpose of
simplifying the question, that the considerations
of the interest of Denmark in this subject, and of
its relations in regard to that Power, are not con-
trolling upon the question; and indeed, that we
ought to dismiss those relations and that bearing
from the question altogether, if we mean to exam-
ine it so as to arrive at a just and rightconclusion.
Whether this Government shall continue to pay
the Sound duties to Denmark for one year, or ten
years, or fifty years, Mr. President, is an unim-
portant and temporary subject-matter; itisonly a
question of present convenience or inconvenience.
On the other hand, whether the Government of
the United States, deriving all its powers from the
people, and exercising them under a written Con-
stitution, shall conform its action to that Consti-
tution in a case of this magnitude, and which is
to become a precedent for all after times, is a ques-
tion of transcendent and lasting interest. The sub-
ject presents us with this distinct view—namely:
that if this notice is inadequate, because it is made
by the President and the Senate, without the con-
sent of the House of Representatives, then the
President and a majority of the Senate, practi-
cally, though unintentionally, have committed a
usurpation subversive of the independence and
authority of the House of Representatives—a vio-
lation of the Constitution, unimportant in its im-
mediate practical bearings and effects5indeed, but
of incalculable importance when it is considered
that it will be hereafter drawn into use as a pre-
cedent. Nor do I know how hereafter the House
of Representatives will ever be able to assert their
just prerogative in this case, if the Senate, upon
due consideration, shall decide this question so
as to support this notice. It is for these reasons
that I do not propose to follow up the collateral
question whether or not Denmark will have a
right to treat this notice as invalid upon the
ground which has been raised in this discussion,
To simplify the question still further-, I state
in the next place, that I do not think that the
fact that the treaties of the United States are
made the supreme law of the land, has anything
more than a collateral bearing on the subject under
consideration—properly referred to for the pur-
pose of illustration, and for the purpose of testing
the principle; but still, I think that the question
remains exactly the same if you leave out of view
altogether the peculiar provision of the Constitu-
tion which declares treaties to be the supreme law
of the land; for, dismissing that aspect of the
case altogether, what is then remaining? It is
this: Here is a treaty constitutionally made by
the power authorized to make it, and that treaty-
is in forco. It is proposed to abrogate that treaty.
Without aprevious stipulation or consent for such
an abrogation, neither party could abrogate it of
itself, but both parties must concur and unite in
abrogating it. But this treaty reserves to either
of tho Powers by whom it was made a right to
abrogate that treaty at its pleasure, on giving a
certain notice. Then what is proposed is, that
this compact which is now a treaty, shall, on a
given day, cease to be a treaty between the two
Powers. Who has the power, under the Consti-
tution of the United States, to determine that
question? The United States have the right to
abrogate it; but the United States have the right
in their collective or popular capacity. It is their
right as a sovereign; but the United States can
act as a sovereign only by organs, and those or-
gans are those which are created by the Constitu-
tion. There are none—there can be no other. It
must be some organ of the people—some consti-
tutional organ, which shall uccidc that this treaty
shall no longer be a treaty. We are to look at
the charter of the Government, and find out this
organ there. The Constitution is silent in regard
to the abrogation of treaties; it authorizes nobody,
in express terms, to abrogate them, either with or
without the permission of previous stipulations.
It is pretended here that it can be exercised by
the President of the United States, with the con-
sent of the Senate. If you refer to the Constitu-
tion you find that all the President of the United
States and the Senate can do in regard to treaties
is to make them; that is all they can do—make
treaties; and they must make them in a certain
way—that is to say, the President must act in
concert with two thirds of the Senate of the United
States. When they have made a treaty, their power
over it is at an end; but the nation has aright,
under the treaty, to cause it to cease to exist,
and to terminate it. Certainly the President of
the United States and the Senate have no express
authority by the Constitution to do that act.
Now, is the power to perform that act one of the
rights which is reserved to the people, because it
is not granted by the Constitution' No. The
Constitution certainly does grant to some de-
partment of the Government the power to perform
this necessary and rightful act. To whom does
the Constitution grant it. ? It docs not grant it to
the President, because u grants to him only exec-
utive authority; and executive authority is only
the power to execute the Constitution and the laws
of the land made by a power superior to the Ex-
ecutive. The act is a public and a national act;
the agent to execute it would be the President of
the United States, when h«- was authorized by
some act expressing the will of the nation, pro-
nounced by competent legislative authority. Cer-
tainly the "Senate alone has no power to perform
a complete act of legislation. What is required
is an act of legislation to be performed by the
