1150
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May %
legislative power under the Constitution of the
United States, for the reason that the regulation
of commerce with foreign nations is invested in
the Congress of the United States. Then the
power under the Constitution, which can author-
ize this act to be done, is the Congress of the
United States; and the power which is to execute
that act, in pursuance of the authority of the
Congress of the United States, is the President
of the United States.
I have carefully examined the report of the ma-
jority of the committee. I find in it (with great
deference to the committee) nothing which is sat-
isfactory to me in opposition to this conclusion.
The strongest argument which is presented by
the committee is contained in a paragraph of two
sentences:
"The President and Senate could certainly terminate
this treaty or any other with the consent of the opposite
contracting party, by the negotiation of a new treaty, in
terms annulling it. And what is the present case but such
consent, providing in advance for its termination on a con-
tingency, and without negotiations ?"
This argument can be answered by stating two
questions. First, is this notice the making of a
new treaty? Nobody will pretend that it is; be-
cause, even supposing the notice to have been
authorized by two thirds of the Senate, Denmark
docs not act in it; and only the Senate of the
United States is called into action to make a treaty,
where another contracting party besides the
United States is a necessary party in the nego-
tiation. Then this notice, though ratified by
the Senate, and even supposing it to have been
ratified by two thirds of the Senate, is not the ne-
gotiation of a new treaty.
The other question is: Is this notice nothing
more than a part of the old or existing treaty ?
That is the proposition which is involved in the
position assumed by the committee in their report,
is this the old treaty ? Certainly not; because
the old treaty only stipulated that the United
States might, at a future time, at its pleasure,
determine this treaty; but it did not stipulate, on
the part of the United States, or the other party,
that the termination should be made at this time;
nor did it piovidc that the treaty should at this
time be absolutely void; but the provision was
conditional—it reserved to the United States a con-
tingent right to terminate the treaty. Whenever
the United States give the notice, they act upon
that reserved question. That reserved question
did not enter into the original negotiation; and
of course this present termination, being an act
founded on a state of the case which has since
arisen, and by the exercise of the will of the
United States on a subsequent occasion, cannot,
by any possibility, be deemed to relate back to
the original treaty and be covered by it. It would
seem, then, that (his act is not the negotiation of
a new treaty, nor is it a part and parcel of the
original treaty as first made. It is a new and
affirmative subsequent national act; and so the
treaty has nothing to do with the question, ex-
cept that it provided by stipulation that the United
States, if they should be pleased to do so, might
perform this act, and avail themselves of the
benefit of it, at a future period.
I do not know how this subject can be made
plainer than it has been by the remarks which I
nave made. It is fortified, indeed, by the consid-
eration that this treaty, besides being a mere
treaty, is also a law of the land; and, as a law of
the land, that it is a subject of judicial exposition
by the courts—a thing binding on the President
of the United States; binding on the Senate of the
United States; binding upon the Congress of the
United States until the obligation by some com-
petent power is released. The obligation to pay
these Sound dues, I say, is an obligation binding
and conclusive against the President of the United
States. Does anybody deny that? He could not,
merely because the President, discharge this obli-
gation. If he could, he can discharge always for
himself, and for the .Government of the United
States, or acting in the name of the people of the
United States; and can discharge them from the
obligation of any treaty, if he has power alone
to give the notice in the present case. It is bind-
ing on him as an executive magistrate—just as
binding on the President of the United States as
it is on the marshal or collector of the customs
of the city of New York, or on the captain of a
national vessel in the Danish waters. It is equally
binding on the Senate of the United States; be-
cause the Senate cannot, either with or without
the cooperation of the President of the United
States, discharge themselves and discharge the
country from a legal obligation which has been
assumed by a treaty. It is binding on the Con-
gress of the United States, because the treaty is
supreme and complete in its effect; and it must
remain an obligation until, by some constitutional
power, it shall be made to cease to exist.
If it be thus binding upon the people of the
United States as a law of the land—that is, if it
has this domestic obligation superinduced and
added to its obligation as a compact with a foreign
power, then it is brought clearly within the case
of the ordinary laws of the lana. Taken in that
aspect, there are two ways in which this obliga-
tion may be determined. The one is, not by
determining the treaty by a law, but by making
a new treaty ; not by declaring this treaty to
cease to exist, by the act of one party, but by
making a treaty, by the effect of which this one
shall cease, ana so shall be abrogated. This the
President and the Senate can do. The President
cannot do it alone, nor can the Senate do it alone;
nor can both do it without the consent of two
thirds of the Senate and the consent of Denmark.
If we do not resort to that mode to abrogate
this domestic as well as foreign law, there is only
one recourse left; and that is, to resort to the
legislative power of the land, which resides in
the President, the Senate, and the House of Rep-
resentatives, and enact a law, declaring that it
shall cease, and authorizing the President to give
the notice necessary to terminate it.
I will add a single remark—that I think the sub-
ject has been unnecessarily obscured by regard-
ing the notice itself as invested with a dignity
and importance to which it is not entitled. The
terms of the treaty are, that either of the con-
tracting parties may terminate the treaty by
giving notice; but the notice is not the act which
terminates the treaty. It is the expression of the
will and purpose of the abrogating party—in this
case the United States—that it shall cease to
exist; and although it will still remain unjil the
notice is given to the other party, yet the notice
is a mere consequence—a mere incident; and the
great act is the expression, or manifestation, or
exercise of the will of the nation, in a constitu-
tional form, that it shall cease to exist. I think,
then, that if you separate the idea of notice from
the idea of the legislation necessary to authorize
the President to give the notice, and resolve the
two departments of the Governmen tin their proper
relations, and consider that the one has the legis-
lative powerto direct the act to be done, and the
other is the mere ministerial or executive author-
ity of the Government, to give notice that the act
is done, we shall very easily arrive at the con-
clusion that this notice is itself inadequate, be-
cause it rests upon no sufficient expression of the
will of the nation.
Mr. CLAYTON. Mr. President, although it
is said that this question is unimportant in its
present bearings, or so far as it relates to the in-
terest involved at this time—I mean the interest
which this country has in these Sound dues—I con-
cur with honorable gentlemen who have preceded
me, in thinking that it is very important that we
should be right in what we are about to do, be-
cause we shall establish a precedent which may
be respected by those who are to succeed us. ft
is always important that the Senate of the United
States should act with caution and care, when
they deem the principle regulating their conduct
of such extensive application in the future pro-
ceedings of the body.
Sir, I am one of the members of the Committee
on Foreign Relations who concurred in the report
presented by the chairman of the committee which
nas been printed and laid upon your tables. I
have listened attentively to all that has been said
by the honorable gentlemen who oppose the re-
port; and I have been quite willing, as I am now,
jf it can be shown to me that we were in error, to
retrace my steps and proceed in such way as the
Constitution of the country directs. I have no
prejudice on the subject—no disposition to sustain
a determination already made; but after hearing
all that I have heard, my previous impressions
are confirmed; and I will proceed to state them
now very briefly to the Senate.
To understand this matter we must first pre-
cisely know what are the facts. The President
of the United States, in the discharge of his con-
stitutional duty, recommended to Congress the
passage of an act for abrogating the treaty with
Denmark in pursuance of its own provisions;
which have been read. The House of Repre-
sentatives, under the idea that they were a neces-
sary party to the abrogation of this treaty, passed
a joint resolution in the very same words with
the resolution subsequently adopted by the Senate,
which I shall presently read. That joint resolu*
tion came from the House of Representatives to
the Senate for concurrence. When it came here,
it was referred to the Committee on Foreign Re-
lations. That committee took the subject into
consideration; and after maturely weighing the
matter, decided that the appropriate agents to give
the notice were not the two branches of Congress
exercising the legislative power—not the Presi-
dent and both Houses—but the President and
Senate, by which I do not mean the President
and abare majority of the Senate. Thehonorable
Senator from Micnigan will find, when I come to
detail what has occurred in the Senate, that no
idea that a bare majority of the Senate was suffi-
cient for this purpose, has been entertained by the
committee, but, sir, the Committee on Foreign
Relations, under the belief that the agents to
abrogate this treaty were the President and
Senate, reported the following resolution, which
is set forth in their report:
"Whereas, by the fifth article of the general convention of
friendship, commerce, and navigation, between the United
States of America and his Majesty the king of Denmark,
concluded at Washington on the 26th day of Apnl, 1826, it
is provided that—
"£ Neither the vessels of the United States nor their car-
goes shall, when they pass the Pound or the Beits, pay higher
or other duties than those which are, or may be, paid by Uie
mo-a favored nations
u Which article has been construed into a concession, on
the part of the United States, of the right, on the part of the
Government of Denmark, to levy duties or tolls on such
ships and cargoes, buidensome and oppressive to the com-
merce of the United States in the Baltic sea, and in deroga-
tion of common light to the free navigation of open seas:
" And it being provided by the eleventh article of the said
convention that, after ten years from the date thereof, either
of the contracting parties should be at liberty to give notice
to the other of its intention to terminate the same, in the
manner therein provided:
" With a view, therefore, to relieve the commerce of the
United States m the Baltic sea from the duties or tolls afore-
said—
" Resolved, That the President of the United States be, and
he ishcieby, authorized, at his discretion, to give to the Gov-
ernment of Denmark the notice required by the eleventh
article of said general convention of the 26tli day of April,
1820, for the termination of the same."
The important question is, How was that reso-
lution adupted in the Senate? Is it true, as seems
to be supposed by the honorable Senator from
Michigan, that it was passed by a bare majority
of the Senate? Is it true, as lie seems to sup-
pose, that this resolution does not appear on the
face of our proceedings to have been passed by
at least two thirds of the Senate? If his suppo-
sitions had been correct, he would indeed have
thrown in the way a great difficulty, and the
Senate might well pause before they decided that
the President, by and with the advice and con-
sent of a majority of this body, could take such a
step as has been taken for the abrogation of the
Danish treaty. In order that this matter may be
fully understood, I have asked the Secretary-to
bring me the Journal, from which the injunction
of secrecy has been removed. I have it before me,
and I will read what was done in the Senate, in
executive session, in reference to this subject. I
have already stated the facts preceding the red-
poll, and the report itself. The Journal says:
" Mr. IW vson, from the Committee on Foreign Relations,
submitted the following preamble and resolution for con-
sideration."
Then follows the resolution, which is set forth
by the Committee on Foreign Relations in their
report, and which I have read, authorizing the
President to give the notice to Denmark to abro-
gate the treaty. Then, sir, we read that on the
same day—
uTlie Senate, by unanimous consent, proceeded to con-
sider the said resolution, and unanimously agreed thereto."
As we have now clearly established the fact
that the Senate, not merely by a two-thirds vote,
but by the vote of every member, advised the
President of the United States to give this notice
to Denmark, and the notice has been given, the
only remaining question for consideration and
debate is, Was that a legal and constitutional
