1850.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1151
notice? It will be perceived that if the committee
are wrong in the decision at which they have
arrived at the present time, they have been led
into that error by the unanimous vote of the
Senate; for, when this proceeding commenced, it
was not opposed by a solitary member. If it bad
been intended to oppose the abrogation of the
treaty, the proper time to do so was when the
resolution was first presented for that purpose;
but then the consent of every member was ob-
tained for that abrogation. I apprehend that the
Senate acted fairly, in obedience to the provisions
of the Constitution, when they gave their unani-
mous vote directing the President to abrogate this
treaty. I propose now, very briefly, to consider
that constitutional question, if, indeed, it may be
called such question.
The first point necessary to be considered is,
how can a treaty between this Government and
a foreign Power be abrogated ? Can it be done
by a vote of the. two Houses of Congress—a bare
majority of each—the President sanctioning the
act? That seems to be the vie-^ of the gentlemen
who oppose the sufficiency of this notice. Or must
it be done by the same agents of the Government
that made the treaty — the President and two
thirds of the Senate ? Is it true that the way to
abrogate a treaty is confined to the passage of a
bill through the two Houses of Congress, with
the concurrence of the President? If the question
is to be regarded as one of the first impression, I
think it appears to be quite clear that the only
proper mode of declaring a treaty null and void,
(I am speaking of abrogating, not in pursuance
of a notice, but abrogating a treaty which con-
tains no provision for notice,) is by the President,
with the concurrence of two thirds of the Senate.
The question derives additional importance
from the consideration that it affects the rights of
the States of this Union. Probably they will not
look with great content upon the assumptions, by
the House of Representatives, of a power, by a
bare majority of that body, with the consent of a
bare majority of this, to abrogate a solemn treaty,
which could not be made, in the first place, with-
out the consent of two thirds of the representa-
tives of the States of the Union. I think some
discontent would be excited if such an idea pre-
vailed; but I have no impression that such a
notion will prevail when the subject comes to be
well examined.
The honorable gentlemen who have preceded
me rely upon one solitary precedent to demon-
strate that such a treaty as that which I am now
considering can be abrogated by an act of Con-
gress. Let me call to their attention the history
of that precedent. Although I have not, for years
past, recurred to it, that history is fresh m my ^
memory, and I am sure that what I am about to
say in respect to it will be found to be correct. In
the midst of our difficulties with France in the
year 1798, Congress, irritated by the spoliations
committed by her on our commerce, passed the
act of that year declaring on its own face that the
treaties which had been made with France by
the United States—comprehending the treaty of
amity and commerce, in which France guarantied
our independence, and the consular convention
of 1788—were null and void. The foundation on
which the declaration was made was, that France
had violated those treaties in spirit and letter by
capturingour ships, and utterly disregarding their
provisions. It was a declaration by both branches
of Congress—not by the President and Senate
merely—that those old treaties had become null
and void by the conduct of the Government which
formed those treaties with us.
But, sir, look to another part of the history of
that transaction. You afterwards, in 1800, made
another treaty with France—a convention which
brought to an end the quasi war (as it has been
called) that had existed prior to that time. By
this treaty you agreed to give up to France the
claims of your merchants for spoliation, for
which she agreed to surrender the guarantees we
had given her of her West India islands, and also
the seventeenth article of the consular convention.
She contended, in all the negotiations which led to
the treaty of 1800, and she compelled your com-
missioners to admit, notwithstanding your act of Con-
gress o/1798, that the treaty of amity and commerce
of 1778, and the old consular convention of 1788,
were in full force and effect; and in order that you
might procure their abrogation, notwithstanding
your act of Congress of 1798, you were com-
pelled to surrender to France all the claims for spo-
liations made upon our commerce by her prior to
1800. You had to buy the abrogation of those trea-
ties with the claims due to our own citizens which
you surrendered. At that period every effort
was made to get rid of these old treaties without
admitting their validity. Every plan that inge-
nuity could suggest was resorted to for the pur-
pose of avoiding the recognition of those treaties
which you had declared prior to that time to be
null and void; but, I repeat, you were compelled
to acknowledge them, and to buy your release
from them by th€ consideration to which I have
referred.
Such is the character of the precedent which
is relied upon. I have shown you that our own
Government did not at the time regard their own
act of Congress, declaring these treaties null, as
of any effect; that in fact they disregarded it when
they came to treat with the Government which
was a party to the old treaties. But in the case
before us, the treaty with Denmark, which we
wish to get rid of, provides in its eleventh article
that, after ten years from its date, either of the
contracting parties shall be at liberty to give no-
tice to the other of its intention to terminate the
same in the manner therein provided. This is
different from the case which I have briefly ex-
amined. I have been heretofore considering a
treaty of an ordinary character, which contained
no such provision as this before us, and which
can be abrogated, not by an act of Congress, but
by the treaty-making power alone. The old law
maxim of Lord Coke is full of good sense, and I
believe is acknowledged among all statesmen as
well as jurists—" Unum quodque dissolcitur eo
ligamine quo colligatur"—the same power which
makes can unmake. Certainly it is true to this
extent, that if the President and two thirds of
the Senate can make a treaty, the President and
two thirds of the Senate can abrogate the same
treaty, so far as this Government has power to
abro ®*ate .
mT. SUMNER. "Will the Senator allow me
to ask him a question?
Mr. CLAYTON. Certainly.
Mr. SUMNER. Two thirds of the Senate,
with the President, can make a treaty in concur-
rence with the foreign Power, but that concur-
rence is wanting in the case which is now before
us; and it strikes me that the Latin maxim which
the Senator quotes, in order to be completely ap-
plicable, requires the concurrence of Denmark in
the present case.
Mr. CLAYTON. The gentleman seems to
have forgotten the true meaning of the eleventh
article. That was made by both the United States
and Denmark; and it provides that either one of
the contracting parties may give the notice to ab-
rogate the treaty; so that the maxim to which I
referred holds to its full extent here. Both par-
ties agreed to the treaty, and the treaty declares
that either of them may give the notice and the
notice shall abrogate it. The phrase used in the
eleventh article "is "contracting party." The
question is, what is the contracting party? The
contracting party here is the Government of the
United States, of course. The question then re-
curs, where is the agent—where is the represent-
ative that is intrusted with the execution of the
power given by the treaty to the contracting
party? Surely it seems to me, with all defer-
ence to honorable gentlemen, that agent or repre-
sentative must be the very same which was in-
trusted with the formation of the treaty. If not,
why not? If the same representative body which
made the treaty—the representative of the Gov-
ernment itself, in the formation of it—cannot
dissolve or give notice to dissolve it, what other
body can do it with equal propriety? Gentlemen
say that it may be done by the President and a
bare majority of the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives. Let us see where that would lead us?
That substitutes the will of a bare majority of
the House of Representatives, and a bare major-
ity of the Senate, for the will of two thirds of
the Representatives of the sovereign States of
this Union; and, so far, tends to consolidation
and to the substitution of an absolute Democracy
for a confederated Republic.
Sir, I do not think it necessary to reply to all
the various suggestions which have been made
by^'honorabie gentlemen who have preceded ma
in this debate. It seems to me that the very
statement of the case is the beat argument which
can be offered in favor of the position which the
committee have adopted.
What is the position in which the Senate will
now place itself by such a decision as the Senator
from New York desires? At the last session this
body resolved, without a dissenting voice, in
favor of the exercise of this power by the Pres-
ident in the present case. At the next session of
the very same body, it is proposed to reverse the
decision made unanimously at a prior period,
after one of the coordinate branches of the Gov-
ernment, the Executive ot the United States, in
pursuance of this unanimous*vote of the Senate,
and relying confidently on the opinion thus unan-
imously expressed by the Senate, has proceeded
to give the notice which the Senate directed him
to give. I submit that the strongest of the prece-
dents that could be resorted to is the one which
we ourselves set by a unanimous vote of this
body. Unless very clear reasons can be now
shown why this body should abandon the prin-
ciples on which it acted when it passed the ori-
ginal resolution, it would seem to be degrading to
the character of our Government to stultify our-
selves by now declaring that what we did then,
although solemnly advising the President of the
United States, was done without consideration
or reflection.
I do not hold, with my friend from Michigan,
that it is necessary, when the Senate is called
upon to concur with the President in any execu-
tive action, that he should necessarily initiate the
matter. If the Senator will look at the executive
records I think he will find that the Senate haa
often—and our Secretary will so inform him—
originated such matter, and given its advice to
the President without a formal initiation on his
part. Such was the example set by the Senate
m the closing scene of the convention of 1800,
as will be seen by examining its history. In thia
case a substantial initiation was made by him.
He recommended to Congress to adopt such a
course as has been adopted, not indeed specifying
the form in which we should begin; but he did
recommend to the Senate, as a branch of Con-
gress, to get rid of the treaty by giving- the notice.
We decided, as I have said, after consideration,
by a unanimous vote, that the appropriate mode
of doing so was in the form which we have
adopted. We sent that resolution to him author-
izing him to give the notice. Then if any branch
or any member of the Government could object
on the ground of formality, he alone would be
the proper person to make that objection, but he
has made no such objection; on the contrary,he
has not only acquiesced in our course, but he has
fully assented to it, and has given the notice as.
the Senate advised him to do.
There, then, is the concurrent act of the Presi-
dent and two thirds of the Senate solemnly made
—as solemnly as in the case of any treaty which
was ever ratified by this body. If you require
form, there is form enough. All 1 ask, and all
that I think the Senate will ask, is that there
should have been a substantial, bonajide compli-
ance with the terms of the Constitution; and that
they have been substantially and bona fide com-
plied with no one, I think, can doubt. I am,
therefore, for the adoption of the resolution of
the committee, which declares that the notice was
properly given.
Mr. HALE. Mr. President, there is one view
of this subject that strikes my mind which I de-
sire to present to the Senate. The sixth article
of the Constitution provides that " this Consti-
tution, and the laws of the United States which
shall be made in pursuance thereof, and all trea-
ties made, or which shall be made, under the au-
thority of the United States, shall be the supreme
law of the land." Then this treaty with Den-
mark was unquestionably, before the notice was
given, the supreme law of the land, binding on
the President, binding on the Senate, binding on
the House of Representatives, and in express
terms, to give emphatic meaning to the language
of the Constitution, binding upon " the judges in
! every State"—<{ anything in the Constitution or
; laws of any State to the contrary notwithstand-
1 mg.M It seems apparent that the framprs of the
| Constitution designed to give emphatic meaning
| to the declaration, that a treaty should be the
i supreme law ef tha land. There is no edict, no
