1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
425
My answer is, that, if his position be true that
those are the new offices created, the retired offi-
cets do not hold them, bccause when a new office
is created it can only be filled by nomination and
confirmation. The honorable Senator from Lou-
isiana has conducted this discussion closely, but
it has brought him to this conclusion at last, and
he cannot escape frpm it. The proposition is too
clear to be disputed, that if the old captains are
occupying new offices created by the act of 1855,
they are not now in office, because there is no
power in this Government which can put them
into those new offices, unless a nomination of the
President, confirmed by the Senate.
Mr. STUART. Mr. President, there is no
telling what length of time may be consumed in
this discussion. I have myself listened to it with
a great deal of interest, and at the proper time 1
intend to participate in it. I only wish to say
now, so far as my attention and judgment can go,
that 1 think the position which has been assumed
by the honorable Senator from Louisiana isdiot
a theory other than the theory of the law; that it
has remained thus far unanswered, and that the
more it shall be investigated it will be found un-
answerable. But, sir, it is obvious that however
profitable this discussion may be to determine
now what will be the eft'ect of the repeal of the
law, when Congress has not indicated its dispo-
sition to repeal that law, we have pursued that
controversy as far as can be profitable to-day; and
I therefore move that the Senate do now adjourn.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate ad-
journed to Monday.
HOUSE OP REPRESENTATIVES.
Thursday, February 14, 185fi.
The House met at twelve o'clock, m. Prayer
by Rev. Henry C. Dean, Chaplain of the Senate.
president's annual message.
The SPEAKER. The first business in order
is the resolution in reference to the election of a
Chaplain of the House for the present Congress.
If there be no objection, however, the Chair will
present communications from the Departments.
Mr. COBB, of Georgia. Before the communi-
cations are presented, I move that the President's
message be taken up, referred to the Committee
of the Whole on the state of the Union, and
ordered to be printed.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio. Which of the
President's messages is it that it is proposed bo
taken up, referred, and ordered to be printed?
Mr. COBB. The President's annual message.
Mr CAMPBELL. I supposed that was the
message—the one which was received by the
Clerk previous to the election of a Speaker. I
hope the motion to take up, refer, and print, will
be agreed to.
Mr. COBB, of Alabama. Does the motion
embrace the accompanying documents?
Mr. COBB, of Georgia. Certainly.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I would inquire of the gen-
tleman from Georgia whether he proposes that
any extra numbers shall be ordered to be printed ?
Mr. COBB. I shall move that the usual extra
number be ordered to be printed.
Mr. GIDDINGS. Does the gentleman propose
the distribution of the message to the several
committees of the House, to which its recom-
mendations particularly appertain ?
Mr. COBB. No; that is done in the Commit-
tee of the Whole on the state of the Union. Mr.
Speaker, I will state my motion so that every
gentleman may understand it. It is confined to
the reference of the President's annual message
to the Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union; and that it, together with the accom-
panying documents, be ordered to be printed. I
will follow this motion up, if it is adopted, by
motions to print the report of the Secretary of
the Treasury, and the last message of the Presi-
dent of the United States. I thought it best to
confine my motion at present to the reference and
printing of the President's annual message.
Mr. HOUSTON. The gentleman from Ohio
[Mr. Giddings] suggests a distribution of the
message to the committees at this time. This is
unusual. Resolutions for this purpose are always
submitted by the chairman or some member of
the Committee of Ways and Means, in the Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union,
after it has been referred to that committee by the
House. They are then reported to the House,
and adopted.
The question was taken; and the President's
annual message, with the accompanying docu-
ments, was referred to the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union, and ordered to
be printed.
EXTRA COPIES OF THE MESSAGE.
Mr. COBB, of Georgia. I now move that the
usual extra number of copies of the President's
annual message be ordered to be printed. I un-
derstand that number is twenty-five thousand.
Mr. CLINGMAN. Twenty thousand is the
usual number.
Mr. STEPHENS. The motion to print an
extra number of copies goes to the Committee on
Printing.
Mr. CLINGMAN. The President's message
is excepted by the rule.
The SPEAKER. The Chair understands that |
the President's message is not embraced under j
the rule which orders that motions for extra !
copies shall go to the Committee on Printing. J
Mr. HOUSTON. The rule expressly excludes i
messages from the President of the United States, I
and communications transmitted from the several
Executive Departments.
Mr. HAVEN. I do not wish to interpose in
this matter. The rule is, I know, as it has been
stated; but there is a law lying back of the rule.
The law declares that every motion to print extra
copies of any paper shall go without debate to the
Committee on Printing.
Mr. HOUSTON. 1 should like to hear that
law read.
Mr. HAVEN. These are the words of the law
to which I have called attention:
" All motions to print extra copies of any bill, report, or
other public document, shall be lcibrrert to the niembois of
the Committee on Printing, ftom the House m wiucli the
same may ho made."
Mr. HOUSTON. It has never been construed
as applying to oases of this sort.
Mr. HAVEN. The rule excepts these cases,
but the law does not.
The SPEAKER. The question is on ordering
the printing of twenty-five thousand extra copies.
Mr. FLAGLER. I move that, instead of
twenty-five thousand, only twenty thousand extra
copies be ordered to be printed.
Air. COBB, of Georgia. My original motion
was to print the usual number of extra copies. I
understood that twenty-five thousand was that
number, and modified the motion accordingly.
Mr. FLAGLER. And my amendment is that
there be but twenty thousand extra copies ordered
to be printed.
Mr. HAVEN. I do not suppose that this is a
matter of any consequence; still, 1 think that the
law ought to be obeyed; and hence 1 raise the
question of order, that the motion to print extra
numbers of copies ought to go under the law to the
Committee on Printing. The Chair decides other-
wise, and from that decision I take an appeal.
The SPEAKER. The Clerk will read the Gist
rule.
Mr. HAVEN. The rule does make the excep-
tion, but the rule was made before the Jaw, and
the law provides differently. The question is,
whether the law, which has received the sanction
of both Houses, with that of the President of the
United States, shall override the rule; or the rule
shall override the law ? That is the point I make.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. It is provided by ,
the Constitution, that each House shall make the j
rules for its own government, arid, under that i
provision, I think each House is competent to i
make the rules respecting the printing of all doc- '
uments. The manner of the execution of the j
work, and the provision for its payment, belong 1
legitimately to the law, and they have been pro- ,
vided for in a law passed by both Houses, and .
approved by the President. This is a mere ques- ;
tion as to the number of copies that are to be '
printed, and not as to the manner in which they ;
shall be done; therefore, I think it is within the I
competency of the House, under the rule which
makes the President's message an exception, to
order these extra copies to be printed, without !
reference of the motion to the Committee on Print- i
ing. Such has been the uniform practice of the i
House heretofore. 1
The SPEAKER. The Clerk will read the 61st
rule.
The Clerk read the rule, as follows:
" A proposition requesting information from the President
of the United States, or directing it to be furnished by the
head of either of trie Executive Departments, or by the
Postmaster General, or to print an extra number of any
document or other matter, excepting messages of the Pres-
ident to both Houses at the commencement of each session
of Congress, and the reports and documents connected with
or referred to in it, shall lie on the table one day for consid-
eration, unless otherwise ordered by the unanimous consent
of the House; and all such propositions shall be taken
for consideration in the order they were presented, immedi-
ately after reports are called for from select committees;
and when adopted the Clerk shall cause the same to be de-
livered."
The SPEAKER. The Chair is of the opinion
that the motion of the gentleman from Georgia is
in order. Whether it conflicts or not with the
law is for the determination of the House. The
gentleman from Georgia moves that twenty-five
thousand extra copies of the President's annual
message be ordered to be printed. The gentle-
man from New York moves to amend, that only
twenty thousand be ordered to be printed.
Mr. FLAGLER. I will state that I move the
printing of twenty thousand extra copies, because
1 understand that that is the usual number. I am
particular about five thousand.
Mr. H. MARSHALL. I should like to hear
the law again read. J do not agree to the propo-
sition of the gentleman from Tennessee, that the
rules of this House override a law of the land;
and, although the Speaker has decided, I should
like to test the sense of the House, whether we
intend to obey the rules of the House or the laws
of the land, and therefore take an appeal.
The Clerk again read the provision of the law
before stated.
The 61st rule was again read.
Mr. STEPHENS. Mr. Speaker, that rule
has nothing to do with the point now before the
House. It is, that propositions to print extra
numbeis of documents, except the message of the
President, shall lie on the tabic for one day.
The SPEAKER. The Chair is informed that
the motion of the gentleman from Georgia is in
accordance with the uniform practice of the House
upon this subject.
Mr. H. MARSHALL. I appealed from the
decision of the Chair. Was it not in order to
do so ? Or how is it that the Chair overlooks my
appeal ?
Mr. FLAGLER. I understand the gentleman
from Georgia to say, that he intended, by his mo-
tion, to order the printing of the usual number of
extra copies. On referring to the Journal, 1 find
twenty thousand copies to have been the usual
number.
Mr. COBB. The Journal of what session-?
Mr. FLAGLER. The long session.
Mr. HOUSTON. Of what Congress?
Mr. FLAGLER. Of the last Congress. I have
the Journal here, and I hope the gentleman from
Georgia will conform his motion to the one usually
made.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Ken-
tucky [Mr. H. Marshall] appeals from the
decision of the Chair, ruling the motion of the
gentleman from Georgia in order.
Mr. STEPHENS. If the gentleman from
Kentucky will withdraw his appeal, I will, in
order to test the sense of the House, move that
the motion made by my colleague be referred to
the Committee on Printing.
Mr. COBB, of Georgia. I attach no very great
importance to the point now before the House. It
is proper, however, that there should be a prac-
tice well established and acquiesced in by the
House. The decision made by the Chair is in
conformity with previous decisions of the House,
as I am informed. But I have no objection to
avoid this difficulty by submitting my motion,
and accompanying it with a motion to refer it to
the Committee on Printing.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio. If the gentleman
from Georgia will allow me, I will read the order
which was passed at the opening of the last Con-
gress. It is as follows:
Ordered. That the annual message of the President of the
United States and the accompanying documents, be com-
mitted to the Committee of the Whole House on the state
of the Union, and printed, and that twenty thousand copies
extra also be printed.
I believe that has been the common usage on
this subjcct.
