18 M.
HfE CONGRESSIONAL GLOSS.
mm
Ths question being taken by.yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 30, nays 12; as foijpws:
YEAS—-Messrs. Adams, Allen, Bayard, Biggs, Bright,
Brotihcad, Brown, Butler, Cass, Clay. Douglas, Fuzpat-
rick, Gayer, Houston, Hunter, Xverson, Jones of Tennessee,
Mason, Pearce, Pratt, Pugfr,Reid, Sebastian, Siidelf, Stu-
art, Thomson of New Jersey. Toombs, Weber,-Wright,
and Yulee—30. / ' ' ° 9
NAYS — Messrs. Bell of New Hampshire, Collamejv
Bodge, Durkee, Pessenden, Pdot, F6ster, Hale, Seward,
Trumbull, Wade, and Wilson—12.
So the amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment of the Committee on
Finance was to increase the appropriation for
salaries of the judges and officers of the Court of
Claims from &25.30O to $27,000.
Mr. HUNl\ER. That is made necessary by
some recent changes in the law. We have added
to th& personnel of the Court of Claims, and this
amendment makes it correspond with the addi-
tions which have been made.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was to strike out (he fol-
lowing proviso to the appropriation for judicial
expenses:
Provided, however, That no part of the money hereby
appropriated shall be expended for prosecuting or detaining
any person or persons charged with treason or any other
political, offense in theTerritory ofKansas, for any proseeu
tions that have been heretofore instituted for political of-
fenses.
Mr. HALE. I call for the yeas and nays on
that amendment.
The yeas and nays were ordered; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 30, nays 11; as follows:
YEAS—Messis. Adams, Bayard, Benjamin, Biggs, Big-
ler, Brodhead, Brown, Butler, Cass, Clay, Douglas, Fitz-
patrick, Geycr, Houston, Hunter, lverson, Jones of Ten-
nessee, Mason, Pearce, Pratt, Pugh, Reid, Sebastian, Sli-
dell, Stuart, Thomson of New Jersey, Toombs, WeJIer,
Wright, and Yulee—30.
NAYS—Messrs. Bell of New Hampshire, Col lamer, Dur~
kee, Fessenden, Foot, Foster, Hale, Seward, Trumbull,
Wade, and Wilson—11.
So the amendment was adopted.
Mr. IIXIINTER. I have a few amendments to
offer which have not been printed. The first is,
after the provision for salaries of judges of the
Court of Claims, to insert:
To purchase a library for the use of the judges and soli-
citor, .§2,500.
They ask for $5,000. The House did not in-
sert any appropriation. We recommend half
the sum, $2,500, for a library for the Court of
Claims.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HUNTER. I offer this amendment as an
additional section:
Sec. 3. And be it further enacted, That the Srcretaiy of
War be authorized to employ, m addition to those now
allowed by Jaw, one clerk, of class 4, in the office of the
colonel of topographical engineers, and to take one cleik
from class 2, and add one to class 4, in his office ; that the
Sccrctaty of the Interior be authorized to employ m his
officeone clerk,of class 4, in addition to those nowallowed
by law, and,, temporarily, one clerk, of c)as^*2, to take
chaige of the census returns; and the Secretary of the
Tieasury he anthonzrd to appoint one clerk, of class 3, m
the office of the Fifth Auditor, and to take one clerk from
class 3, and add one to class 4, in the ortlce of the Regis-
ter; and such sum as may be necessary to carry, into effect
the provisions of this section to the 30th of June, 1857, is
hereby appropriated out of any money in the Treasury not
otherwise appropriated.
I will state, in regard to this amendment, that
the heads of Departments ask for larger addi-
tions to the force than we were willing to give.
We give them one apiece, and restore one or two
who have been dropped.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HUNTER. I offer another "amendment
from the Committee on Finance:
Sfo. 4. Jind be it further enacted, That the Compensa-
tion of the laborers in the Executive Departments shall be
$576 per annum, from and after the 30th of June, 1856, in-
stead of the pay now authorized by law; and such sum as
snail be required to pay the same for the present fiscal year,
in addition to the provisions for said laborers contained in
the first section of this act, is hereby appropriated out of
any money in the Treasury not otherwise appropriated.
The explanation of that is this: We propose
to give the laborers what they have been hereto-
fore receiving under the regular law, and the
twenty per cent, allowance. The House struck
out the twenty per cent, from the laborers in the
Executive Departments, but have given it to the
laborers about the Capitol grounds and in other
places. These persons m the Departments
thought it was unjust and unequal, and it seemed
to usr best that we should put them on aft equality.
Instead of leaving it as twenty" per cent, allow-*
ance, we propose to put it as an addition to the-
salary.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. PEARCE, I am instructed by the Com-
mittee on the Library to offer the following
amendment, to come m at the end of the first-
section of the bill:
For printing and publishing one thousand copies of the
papers of James Madison, now in the archives of the Suite
Department, under the direction and control of the Joint
Committee on the Library of Congress, $600.
Mr. HUNTER. I would suggest to the Sen-
ator from Maryland that that would probably
best come in in the miscellaneous appropriation
bill.
Mr. HALE, and others. We had better put
it here.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. MASON, I am instructed by the Com-
mittee on Foreign Relations to offer an amend-
ment to this bill, to comc in at the end of the ap-
propriations for the Department of State:
To reimburse the consular agent of the United States,
at the Inland of St. Thomas, for that amount expended by
him by orders of tins Government, in landing and storing
the cargo of the bark Amelia, of New York, and other
expenses incident theieto, laden with aims and munitions
of war, which were seized by order of the Government, and
carried into said island, and there landed, $4,8.>0, to be dis-
bursed under the direction of the Secretary of State.
Mr. HUNTER. That is an item, I think,
which I have had struck out because it is in the
miscellaneous bill passed by the House. The
appropriation made to carry out the neutrality
laws is designed to cover this case.
Mr. MASON. My colleague is mistaken.
That is an independent provision. This money
has been paid by the consul, and the Secretary
of State asks that it may be repaid to him; but
he asked also for an independent appropriation
of $10,000 to carry out the neutrality laws, to
which my colleague has adverted.
Mr. HUNTER. I understood the letter to
mean that it was to cover this case.
Mr. MASON, I have the letter here.
Mr.^HUNTER. I should like to hear it read.
Mr. MASON. I will read it:
Department or State,
Washington, July 30, 18j6.
Sir: I have the honor Co inform you that the bark Amelia,
of New York, laden with arms and munitions of war, which
theie was reason to believe had been illegally exported from
the United States, was detained at Portau Prince, in the
Island of St. Domingo, by the United States consular agent
there. The vessel, with her cargo, was subsequently taken
possession of by an officer of the Navy, for the purpose of
bringing her to New York for trial; but she was compelled
by stress of weather to put into the Island of St. Thomas,
where she was condemned as unseaworthy. Mr. Helm,
the consular agent of the United States there, under the
orders of the Government, incurred expense to the amount
of about $1,850, consequent upon the landing and stoung
the cargo of the vessel, which it is just and proper should
be reimbursed to him, and for which an appropriation by
Congress is asked.
I take this occasion to remark that the want of an appro-
priation to meet necessary expenses attendant upon the
execution of the neutrality act of April 20, 1818,1ms long
been felt as one of the principal causes of the inefficiency
of that act, of which complaint is occasionally made by
foreign Powers.
An appropriation of $10,000 for that purpose Is accord-
ingly requested, to be expended under the direction of the
President, piusuant to the third section of the act of Con-
gress of May 1, 1810, entitled '' An act fixing the compen-
sation of public ministers and consuls residing on the coatt
of Barbary, and for other purposes."
I have the honor to be, sir, your obedient servant,
VV. L. MARCY.
Hon. James M, Masow, Chairman of Committee on For-
eign ILe!ution&, United States Senate.
They are independent propositions
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. MASON. I am instructed by the same
committee to offer the following amendment, to
come next in order after the one just adopted:
For compensation to surgeons at Panama for care and
professional attendance on citizens of the United States
who were wounded during the riots at Panama on or about
the 15th day of April last, as certified to the Department of
State by Thomas W. Ward, consul of the United States at
that place, $1,000, to be expended under the direction of the
Secretary of State.
Mr. HUNTER. I do not understand this to
be pay for seamen, and I do not believe we have
paid the expenses of any other citizens than sea-
men abroad. It is establishing a new principle*
I think.
Mr. MASON. Perhaps it *rcml3 be -well to .
read the letter the Secretary of State, asking \
It is in-the following,
for the appropriation.
words:
Depaktment. of State.
r . WA'shisot(>N,'4«2 «J 3, 1856.
Sm! I transmit •  copy of a letter of the 18th July; 1856,
ana of the papers by-wnich it was accompanied, addressed-
to tins Department by Thomas- William Ward, Esq., the
consul of the United States at Panama, and recommend
that an appropriation of $1,009 be made for paying the
physicians' tails to which it refers, The.assajiif upon citi-
zens of the United State* at Panama, on the.l5ti  of April-
last is a matter of public notopety. Although the Govern-
mentof New Granada will ultimately be held accountable
fbr the consequences of that assault* and would be expected
to reimburse to this Government the amount of the bills
referred to, it seems to be proper that, meanwhile, the medi-
cal gentlemen who rendered their services on the occasion
should be remunerated for them without any delay which
can be avoided.
I have the honor to be, sir, your obedient servant,
W. L. MARCY;
Hon. James M. Mason, Chairman of Committee on Foreign,
Relations, United States Senate.
Now, whether this is a new principle' or not, I
should hold that, in a foreign country, where a
large number of American citizens, who were
passing from one part of the United States to an-
other, were assailed, as they were in this instance,
not only by a mob, but a mob-instigated-by the
authorities of the Government of thfe place, as
was apparent, and were mutilated, wounded, and
many of them killed, to withhold a compensation
to the surgeons who rendered them efficient med-
ical assistance, as the consul's certificate shows,
would be to place our citizens in very imminent
peril abroad, and discourage all abroad from going
to their aid. This sum is but $J,000 to be paid
to the surgeons who attended- them for several
weeks.
Mr. WELLER. It was certainly the duty of
the consul of the United States at Panama to
make this provision for these men, who were '
countrymen of his, and some-of whom had been
horribly mutilated by the authorities at Panama.
These surgeons, as I understand, were- called
upon by the American consul, whose duty, as-I
remarked before, it was to take care of these
wounded countrymen of his. The only appro-
priation asked for is but $1,000, which certainly
I should think my friend from Virginia would be
willing to agree to, no matter whether there be
precedent for it or not, to pay the bill of these
surgeons who rendered important duty to our
countrymen wounded at that place.
Mr. HUNTER. We have never yet appro-
priated for any but seamen; but when we begin
with this where shall we stop? If an American
is injured by the improper conduct "of a foreigner
abroad, is he to go to the consul and have medical
attendance at the expense of'the United States
Government? I do not see.how-we-can discrim-
inate.
Mr. WELLER. Let me ask my friend from
Virginia if he would have justified the consul in
refusing to render any medical assistance to these
countrymen of his who were there ? Would he
have had the American consul fold his arms and
suifer his wounded countrymen to die ?
_ Mr. HUNTER. The consul had a perfect
right to do with his own money as he pleased. I
am speaking now in regard to the money of the
Government. I know of no instance in which
we have so far departed from the principle of pro-
viding only for seamen injured abroad, as to use
the public money in order to procure medical
attendance for other citizens. It is a very good
ground of claim against the Government of New
Granada. As, to the amount, I know it is small.
1 should like very well to be able to. vote, for it,
but I think it involves a principle.
Mr. MALLORY. I shall vote for this appro-
priation ; but I agree with the Senator from Vir-
ginia [Mr. Hunter] entirely. The consul at
Panama, like the consul at every other foreign
port, has no right whatever to incur any expense
for a passenger in passing through that country.
An analogous, case occurred at Havana in regard
to the American prisoners under Lopez. The
f consul was blamed for withholding assistance
I from them. He gave all the individual assistance
I in his poisner, but the Government had furnished
him- with no means of providing for such a con-
tingerrcy, and it does not in any case. The con-
sul at Panama, of course, as would our other
consuls-obroad, rendered every assistance in his
power on this oecasion; and if he had not done
so he would have been blamed by the newspa-
pers all over the country, aa4 would have been
