416
appendix to the congressional globe.
[April S3,
34th Cono....1st Sess.
Naval Retiring Board—Mr. Houston.
Senate.
•hows the workings of a man's heart, the will of
Washington:
ti Upon the decease of my wife, it is my will and desire
that all the slaves whom t hold in my own right shall re-
ceive their freedom. To emancipate them during her life
would though earn&tty ivisked hy me, be attended with such
insuperable difficulties, on account of their intermixture by
marriage with the da ver negroes, as to excite the most pain-
Ail sensations, ifnotdisagreeable consequences, to the latter,
while both are in the occupancy of the same proprietor—
it noticing in my power, under the tenure by which the dower
negroes are held, to manumit them." * • * •  
" And I do, moreover, most pointedly and most solemnly
enjoin it upon my executors, hereafter named, or the sur-
vivors of them, to see that this clause respecting slaves, and
every part thereof, be religiously fulfilled at the epoch at
which it is directed to take place, without evasion, neglect,
or d*iay."
We have frequent extracts from Washington's
Farewell Address, warning us against sectional
divisions; but if those who quote them had only
a tithe of the spirit breathed in the foregoing
clause of his posthumous farewell of earth, we
•hould have no occasion for his warnings. His
opinion of slavery, as a moral wrong, is evinced
clearly in the quotation I have made; and if his
example had b_>en followed it would never have
become the great political wrong it now is. But,
with the one idea, ns a moral wrong, I do not
choose to meddle, further than to show to those
who are so loud in their denunciations of those
who do not agree with them that slavery is a di-
vine institution, that the Father of his Country
taught us differently. It is as apolitical wrong
that we of the North wish to deal with that insti-
tution, leaving to those States which have it all
its blessings. We do not envy them its posses-
sion; we do not ask them to divide it with us;
we say to them, " If it is meet and good in your
eyes, keep it." With it, as a political wrong,
we have the right, and it is our duty, to deal.
We have our interests as well as the South; and
it is our interest to see that free labor is not
supplanted by slave. We believe this to be a
democratic Union, where the majority is to de-
termine, under the organic law, the destination
of this Republic. It cannot possibly be admit-
ted that a minority, under the pretext of a right'
which is a huge and monstrous wrong, shall rule j
the majority, and shape our Government to its
own purposes and interests. To permit this is
to not only abnegate our rights, but also to re-
fuse to do our duty. It is folly to say that it is
no concern of ours whether slavery goes to the '
Territories or not—that we have free States, and I
that should content tw, while the one idea, stead- \
ily and persistently, attends to its own propaga- I
tfon and extension. The political power of this
Republic must be the reflex of some principle;.
and it is essential, if we wish to preserve the
spirit of our Government, that that power should
be the representative of the thrift, prosperity, and
energy of the free States. We are told that our
claim to this is not well founded; and we have
an array of figures, almost incomputable, repre-
senting, in current coin, the value tff some mil-
lions of human chattels. At the North we have
no such values; but we have the energy which
springs from a laudable hope—the skill which
emanates from free minds.
It is a question of vital importance to the labor
of the North, whether our Territories shall be
carved out into free States or not. It is a ques-
tion of interest—it is a question of life itself. Even
now we are told,among the new heresies preached .
by the one idea—and that, too, by distinguished ,
Democrats of the South—that it is better for labor i j
to be owned than to be employed; that, at the ||
South, labor has no unquiet contests with capital, ; j
because there capital owns labor. And these in-
sulting arguments are addressed to tlie people of
the North, where labor is proud of its independ-
ence, and jealous of its rights. There seems to
be no limit to the assumptions of the one idea; it
claims rights which are wrongs; it threatens to
subvert our Government, if its Democratic theory j
of a majority rule is put in practice; and now it
dares to compare its system of slave labor with
that of the toilers of the North. I ask the me-
chanics, the laborers of the North, to mark the
progress of events, to lay to their hearts these
taunting declarations, and then remember that
every slave State added to this Union gives power
to those who think that labor is benefited by being
And, as a counterpoise to all these dogmas,
assumptions, and clutching ambition, the " rights
of the South " stun our ears, and bewilder our
senses. Why, slavery has no rights; it is a thing
of sufferance and suffering, and is a denial of all
right. The North has yielded to the South the
sufferance to hold slaves; but it will never con-
sent that what it believes to be a wrong shall be
made a pestilence, with which the free 1 erritories
of the Republic shall be overwhelmed. If it was
only a contest for political power, the North
would be untrue to its duties did it permit the
extension of slavery; but as it is a question of
interest, the Kansas bill has " sown dragon's
teeth, which will spring up armed men." The
challenge is accepted; it is not a fight of one cajp-
Caign; it will take many, but the result cannot
e doubted.
Mr. Chairman, we live in an eventful period:
the next five years are to be decisive ones in the
destiny of this Republic. We are hurrying for-
ward to an era in our political history which is to
! shape our course, for good or evil, for a long fu-
ture. We have seen the Republic turned widely
from the path in which its founders believed it
, would tread; we have seen what they considered
a tcrotig converted into .an exciting and aggressive
right; itis for us of the North—we who are
willing to abide by the doctrines of the fathers
of the Revolution, to at least make the attempt
to right these Wrongs. Are we to be told that
slavery is the equal of freedom, and its rights to
the territory the same, and not denounce the
heresy ? Snail we listen to the assertion, that the
flag of which we are so proud, and under which
liberty was won, carries slavery in its folds
whereve  it floats, and not blush with shame?
Are we to know that the only use and purpose
of this Union to the one idea is, that it protects
and extends slavery, and assent to such a use of
it? We have had enough of timidity at the North:
one of the great parties of the Union has died
because it was afraid to live, and the other has
abandoned its principles because it was afraid to
die. The two ideas, slavefy and office, are mar-
shaling their hosts for the conflict, and it is time
thatan opposing idea, freedom for our Territories,
was gathering its forces for the battle it cannot
avoid with honor, and in which it cannot fail to
be victorious. Let us be true to ourselves and to
those who are to follow us. Remember—
" We sow the golden grain to-day,
The harvest comes to-morrow."
But to make the future what it should be, will-
ing hearts are needed. The cold breath of per-
sonal ambition, grasping for the power won by
I the triumph of pure principles, will wither the
fruit before it is ripened. History is full of the
wrecks of ruined nations, whose people sought
and won freedom only to lose it under leaders
who knew no higher purpose of life than the vain
ambition to win power, position, a name—even
at the cost of the liberty of a trusting people.
We have enough of brawling patriotism—the
noisy declamation of poor earthworms, who crawl
through mire to gain what they seek; but of hon-
est devotees, of unselfish laborers, alas! liberty
has but few! The warring antagonism between
liberty and despotism, the rude jousts between
right and might, which fill the pages of history
with the romance of life, furnish to the thinker
the solution of the causes of man's failure to be
free. The earth-born ambition of the few has !
wrecked Xhe hopes of the people in every struggle
of which we have a record. To us who have a 1
mission and a time never before accorded to man, |
this fact should strike deep in our hearts—chas- i
tening, cleansing, and ennobling. The short cycle j
of human existence makes but a shadowless mark
upon the roll of Time; and he who fills this brief L
h our with his own selfish plottings, though he may
win a page in history, has lost the divinity of his
nature in the sordid meanness of the mere man.
With a just cause, an honest people, and unsel-
fish leaders, our wildest dreams of man's ad-
vancement might become sober truths; lose but
one link of this mystic chain,and all is lost. In
the language of one of the master-minds of our
"What State could fall, what liberty decay,
if the zeal of man's noisy patriotism were as pure
as the silent loyalty of a woman's love?"
Mr. Chairman, 1 have finished my task. If
what I have spoken shall awaken a thought in one
brain, or make one pulse quicken with a purer
j love of the cause of truth and humanity, I will
i be more than repaid. If I fail to do either, I have
left, as my own reward, the pleasing conscious-
ness of a duty performed.
NAVAL RETIRING BOARD.
SPEECH OF HON. SAM HOUSTON,
OF TEXAS,
In the Senate, April 23, 1856.
The Senate having under consideration the Resolutions
of Mr. IvERsoNfor the appointment of a Special Committee
to examine the members of the Naval Board under oath —
Mr. HOUSTON said: Mr. President, I am
suffering from hoarseness and indisposition; and
the explanations which have just been made have
occupied a large share of our time; but yet I shall
proceed to occupy a portion of the time of the
Senate to-day with some remarks in relation to
the action of the naval retiring board, which is
now before us for consideration.
It is proper for me to state, prefatory to the
remarks which I propose to submit, why it is that
I am under the necessity of now addressing
the Senate on this subject. Sir, I have been
| charged with dragging into this debate person-
alities and individual character in a manner cal-
culated to produce irritation and bad feeling.
When I spoke before, I disclaimed any intention
of that kind;and I believe therecordsof the Sen-
ate will verify the fact, that I not only disclaimed
it, but that, in point of truth, my former remarks
are not liable to such a construction.
It will be recollected, Mr. President, that Ais
debate was first inaugurated into the Senate by
the venerable Senator from Delaware, [Mr.
Clayton,] in secret session. He referred to a
resolution which I had introduced for the pur-
pose of obtaining from the archives of the Navy-
Department certain information; and he animad-
verted—though not with any degree of severity,
with an implied censure—on the course which I
had thought proper to adopt. His own course, I
must say, struck me as somewhat novel.
Here 1 must express my sincere and unqualified
regret that the venerable Senator is not present to
hear every word which I have to utter in relation
to the course which he has been pleased to adopt.
I will not, in his absence, say all that I should
say if he were present. I am sure that no Sen-
ator in this body entertains half the sincere regret
for his absence that I do. For the last ten days
I have postponed my address that the Senator
might be present, so that he might hear what I
have to say, and so that he might be prepared to
1 repel any improper accusation, if such should be
brought against him.
Sir, I have no accusation to make against the
venerable Senator, [Mr. Clatton.] I shall advert
to his own remarks, but not with that degree of
point which I desired to do, and which his pres-
ence would necessarily suggest. I know his
ability and distinction. I am aware of his adroit-
ness in debate. I know his diplomatic capacity.
I fully appreciate those high qualities which dis-
tinguish him from the ordinary mass of mankind.
I aspire to none of those distinctions; I am too
\ humble in my pretensions even to emulate his
proud,preeminent position; but I must neverthe-
less be permitted to vindicate the course which I
have taken in reference to the measure now before
the Senate.
It will be recollected, Mr. President, that thd
Senator at some period—I do not recollect the
precise date, nor is it material—came forward,
after the Senate had gone into executive session,
and indicated a desire to present to us a most mo-
mentous subject—one deeply affecting his own
feelings. I must confess that I felt the deepest
sympathy with thei Senator then. I had heard
of his indisposition^vhich had detained him from
the Senate Chamber for ten days previous to this
event, and I believed it was a valedictory that hs
came here to deliver to the Senate; ana I sup-
posed it would command all the sympathy which
nis colleagues in the Senate could afford.
This was my impression then; and if I were
in the habit of surrendering to sensibility to a
