m
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 14,
" Mr. COBB. Perhaps it would be well enough
for the point of order to be decided by the House;
and therefore I will allow my motion- to stand as
I originally made it, that twenty-five thousand
extra copies be printed. The appeal taken^ by
thegentlemanfrom Kentucky can then be decided,
and the opinion of the House upon this question
will be ascertained.
" -Upon the suggestion made by the gentleman
from New York, [Mr. Flagler,] I will, how-
ever,-modify my motion, so as to put the num-
ber of extra copies at twenty thousand. I desire
that the usualnumber shall be printed, and neither
more nor less.
- Tfte question was then taken on Mr. H. Mar-
shall's appeal from the decision of the Chair:
u Shall the decision of the Chair stand as the
judgment of the House?" and the Speaker an-
nounced that it was carried in the affirmative.
Mr. HAVEN. I wish to have a division upon
this question. T desire to know now, and in the
beginning, whether we are to follow the law,
which speaks as plainly as the English language
can be made to speak on this subject, or are we
to be run-off the track in the first instance, and
during the .rest of the session, to suit the conve-
nience of gentlemen, by these side motions? I ;
want those members who wish to sec the law I
properly administered, and who respect the law, j
and arc willing to set an example of living up to j
it, stand up to this question. Everything depends j
upon how we begin; and I will not silently sit ;
and see business commenced here in direct viola-
tion of law.
Mr. H. MARSHALL. I ask for the yeas and
nays.
Mr. STANTON. I differ with the gentleman
from New York [Mr. Haven] in reference to this
question. I hold that when this House makes a
rule for its government, affecting its mode of doing
business, it is paramount. The other branches
of the Government have no control over the delib-
erations of this body; and I shall vote to sustain
the Chair, because this is one of the privileges of
the House that cannot bo overridden by the other
branches of the Government.
Mr. NICHOLS addressed the Speaker.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will suggest that
debate is not in order, inasmuch as the House is
dividing.
Mr. CLINGMAN. It is notcxactly dividing.
I desire to say this 
Mr. NICHOLS. I have the floor, I believe.
The SPEAKER. Debate is not in order, ex-
cept by general consent.
Mr, CLINGMAN. I supposed the point of
order was debatable. I do not desire to take up
the tune of the House.
Mr. COBB, of Alabama. The appeal is de-
batable.
The SPEAKER. The appeal was debatable,
but the Chair put the question, and decided that
the decision of the Chair was sustained; and a
division is called for.
Mr. COBB. When the yeas and nays are
called subsequent to a vote, I apprehend that
debate is not precluded.
Mr. HOUSTON The whole matter is as open
to debate then as it was before the Chair put the
question.
Mr. NICHOLS. I suppose there never has
been any serious conflict about this question. So
far as my experience goes, a motion has always
been made to refer the message and accompany-
ing documents to the Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union, and print them. The
motion of the gentleman from Georgia is the
usual motion. 1 find, by a reference to the Jour-
nal of the last Congress, that, at the first session
of the last Congress, the motion which the gen-
tleman has now made was made by Mr. Flor-
ence, and was acted upon by the House, without
reference to the Committee on Printing. If my
recollection is correct, at the last session of the
last Congress, the gentleman from Alabama [Mr.
Houston] made, a similar motion, to refer to the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union, and also moved to print, in connection
with it. No question was then raised.
This motion relates to the annual message and
the accompanying documents, and they are public
in their character. I believe that the custom of
the House has been universally to act upon them
in this way. Documents of a miscellaneous char-
acter, however, have gone to the Committee on
Printing first, under the rules of the House; and
I can see no reason why the House should not as
well act upon this motion at this time as refer it
to the Committee on Printing, and wait for the
report of that committee, that the usual number
of extra copies be printed.
Mr. CLINGMAN. I desire to make one single
suggestion, in reply to the observations of the
gentleman from New York, [Mr. Haven,] though
I do not consider it a matter of any great im-
portance how this particular case is disposed of.
But the gentleman from New York makes an ap-
peal to us to stand by the law; and as I intend to
vote differently from him, I will barely state the
ground upon which I shall give my vote. I have
no doubt but we have the right to order this
document printed, and the only question is, how
shall we order it to be done ? By the Constitution
of the United States, this House has the right to
adopt its rules of proceeding. The statute which
the gentleman from New York has read would be
conclusive, in the absence of everything else.
But it is no more binding than the rules which the
Constitution authorizes us to adopt; and where
there is a conflict between laws, the law last past
is the one which controls. At the present session
of Congress we have adopted the former rules of
the House, and according to those rules the mo-
tion of the gentleman from Georgia [Mr. Cobb]
is right.
Mr. STEPHENS, (interrupting.) I submit
that the rule read by the Clerk has nothing what-
ever to do with the matter. I call the special
attention of the gentleman from North Carolina
to its language :
"A proposition requesting information from the President
of the United States, or directing it to bo fuinuhcd by the
head of either of the Executive Departments or by the
Postmaster General, or to print an extra number of any
document 01 other matter, exempting ine&t-a^es of the
President to both Houses, at the commencement ofcaeh
session ot Congies^ and the leports and documents con-
nected with, 01 refeired to in it—"
Shall what ?
—-"shall lie on the table one day for consideration."
That is all. It does not say that extra num-
bers of the President's message may be ordered
to be printed by the House, without referring the
subject to the Committee on Printing. It barely
excepts the motion from being laid upon the table
for one day.
Mr. CLINGMAN. I have not taken the
trouble to examine the rule, and I only speak
from memory. Whether that rule applies to this
case, T shall not undertake to say. If there be no
such clause in the rule, I am mistaken; but I do
not think I am, and therefore shall give my vote
upon that supposition. As to the position taken
by the gentleman from New York, [Mr. Haven,]
who advocates the doctrine that the law hereto-
fore passed overrides our rules, I do not admit it.
Mr. H. MARSHALL. In taking an appeal
from the decision of the Chair, I am only actuated
by a desire to have our action correct. There
is nothing in the position that our constitutional
privilege of making our own rules, will bear us
out in the proposed proceedings. We have the
right to adopt the rules of our proceedings, it is
true, but those rules must not override the law
of the land. Suppose we should determine not
to be guided by the law which establishes the
rates to be paid for the public printing? Suppose
we should determine not to be guided by the law
which prescribes the manner in which the public
printing shall be done under the superintendence
of the officers designated bylaw? I ask, have
we the right to establish rules to evade all the
laws connected with that subject? The proposi-
tion, to my mind, is perfectly indefensible. We
have the right to establish our rules of proceed-
ing, but we must not violate laws of the land
which we have participated in making, and which
have no aim but to secure the public against ex-
travagance without examination, and winch in
nowise interfere with our constitutional privileges.
Mr. FULLER, of Maine. I desire to call the
attention of the gentleman from Kentucky to the
22d joint rule, in which the very law is incorpo-
rated. The latter part of that rule says: "All
motions to print extra copies of any bill, report,
or other document, shall be referred to the mem-
bers of the Committee on Printing from the
House in which the same may be made."
Mr. MARSHALL, I suggest to my friend
that that rule is exactly in accordance with the
law.
Mr. PULLER. That is what I mean. The
law and the rule are not in conflict.
Mr. MARSHALL. There is not any conflict
the^e, but there is conflict between the law and
the decision of the Chair.
Mr. FULLER. I concur in your views.
Mr. HAVEN. I think this debate has gone
far enough, and the House is sufficiently enlight-
ened upon the subject. I only desire to say, in
order to show that I am not captious in making
the point of order, and insisting on a division of
the House, that, m the first place, the joint rules
of the House, and in the next place, the law of
the land, declares that—
"All motions to punt extra copies of any bill, report, or
other document, shall be refeired to the members of the
Committee on Printing fiom the House in which the same
may be made."
Now, the House are undertaking to go directly
in the face and eyes both of the joint rule and
the law; and the only justification made in any
quarter is, first, that a motion of this kind was
made last year, and granted without objection;
and, second, that the.law is in conflict with the
Constitution. I desire the House to understand
that they are voting for this proposition directly
in the face and eyes of the law, and justify them-
selves only on the hypothesis that the law which
wc have acted under for four years without ques-
tion is in conflict with the Constitution.
Mr. COBB, of Georgia. The decision of the
Chair is in strict conformity to the practice of the
House. I have never known this question raised
before. It was not raised at the time I was for-
merly a member of Congress. The discussion this
morning has satisfied my mind that tho practice
of the House is wrong, and that the law is as
represented by the gentleman from New York,
[Mr. Haven,| and that it would be best to comply
with the provisions of that law.
I am therefore disposed to relieve the Chair
from the decision it has pronounced in conform-
ity to the practice of the House; and I will make
my motion conform to the rules of the House, to
tho law, and to the joint rule referred to by the
gentleman from Maine, [Mr. Fuller.] I trust
that it will be referred to the committee. I hope
the appeal will be withdrawn, and I will then
move that the motion to print twenty thousand
extra copies of the message and accompanying
documents be referred to the Committee on
Printing.
Mr. MARSHALL. I withdraw my appeal.
Mr. COBB. I now make the motion I indi-
cated.
The question was taken, and the motion was
agreed to.
PAPERS WITHDRAWN.
Mr. HAVEN. I ask the indulgence of the
House a moment, to enable me, in behalf of a
gentleman from New York, (Mr. Kellogg,) now
attending the Court of Claims, to ask.leave to
withdraw from the files of the House the papers
in the case of IXczekiahL.Thistle. It is aclaim
providing compensation to Mr. Thistle as a tim-
ber agent of the Government, in reference to his
compensation as such agent. It is simply a
money claim, and one of which the Court of
Claims'may have jurisdiction, without reference
there by this House. He desires to have the
papers to use in evidence before that court.
No objection being made, consent was given,
as requested.
KANSAS CONTESTED SEAT.
Mr. FLORENCE. I rise to what I suppose
to be a privileged question. It is, to present to
the House the memorial of Governor Andrew H.
Rekder, contesting the seat of Mr. Whitfield,
the Delegate from the Territory of Kansas. I
ask that it may be read.
Perhaps it is due to myself to say, in pre-
senting this petition, that I have not arrived at
any conclusion in reference to this matter. I
shall make up my mind on the evidence which
may be presented to this House and country.
Mr. COBB, of Alabama. Does the Speaker
decide that this is a privileged question?
The SPEAKER. The Chair has not so de-
cided.
Mr. COBB. Then I object to it.
Mr. FLORENCE. I ask that the petition may
be read. I think it is a privileged question.
