1152
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 8.
provision, not even the most solemn provision of
theConstitu tion,superior to it; because t hp framers
of the Constitution, in declaring that instru-
ment, and the laws made in pursuance of it, to be
the supreme law of the land, place treaties in the
same category. Then when it was made it was
the supreme law of the land, binding by the law
of nations forever, unless it should be abrogated
in some way known to the lciw of nations, or
unless it contained within itself some express
provision by which it might be abrogated.
Sir, 1 do not wish to enter into a discussion
with any gentleman as to where the pewer of
abrogating a treaty resides, because there is no
such power residing anywhere in a nation, ex-
cept in one alternative—as a measure of war. By
a declaration of war, treaties between the belliger-
ents are abrogated. Short of that state of things
they cannot be abrogated; and if any nation as-
sumes to itself the right of abrogating a treaty,
it assumes to itself a war-making power, and puts
itself forward as a tribunal to settle its own case,
and declares that the treaties shall be abrogated.
But, sir, this treaty, fortunately for the discus-
sion, contains within itself a provision by which
it may be abrogated. That provision is contained
in the eleventh article, which declares that the
treaty " shall be in force for ten years from the
date hereof; and further, until the end of one year
after either of the contracting parties shall have
given notice to the othur of its intention to term-
inate the same." Then the question recurs, who
is the "contracting party?" It is undoubtedly
the United States of America. The President and
the Senate were not the contracting paity referred
to m the eleventh articlc The contracting party
was the United States of America. They re-
served to Themselves the right of abrogating this
treaty after it should have been in existence for
ten years. Without that right being reserved,
the power of abrogating this treaty, except as a
"war measure, would not exist anywhere. Where
docs the right of abrogating by war exist? In the
President and Senate? Not at all; but it exists
in the two Houses of Congress, and nowhere
short of that. The two Houses of Congress, by
virtue of the power which the Constitution gives
them to declare war, have the right to terminate
a tieaty without any such notice, but it would be
a war measure.
I say that (he "party'' spoken of is the Uni-
ted Stotesof America. Flow do the United States
act? The Senator from Michigan says that they
act through the President. I think he has got
half right on this subject., and when I say so I
am saying a great deal; but lot me ask him one
question. Suppose the President should go on
and abrogate all our treaties, what would be the
•consequi iK.c ? lie may just ns well abrogate a
treaty which has no such provision in it, as one
containing this provision, unless the condition
precedent which authorized him to i^ive the notice
lias occurred. The President cannot give the no-
tice of his own more will and pleasure to abrogate
this treaty, unless the President is the contract-
ing party. He is not the contracting party. The
contracting party is the United States. If the
Senator from Michigan means to maintain that
the President can abrogate tins treaty by his own
act, docs it not follow that every treaty which
we have made lies at his mercy, and he may give
notice to-morrow, and ho may leave the United
States without one single binding treaty? Ilts
notice is good, the Senator savs, against the na-
tion to which he gives the nott-'c, and, therefore,
good enough for us. I think the Senator will find
that that is a mistake.
Now, sir, 1 am not at all troubled with any of
the questions of consistency which the honora-
able Senator from Delaware [Mr. Clayton] has
suggested; nor do L put so much force on that
adjective "unanimous/' which he pronounced so
emphatically. I know how things are done unani-
mously here. Ajcommittee makes a report. The
Senate place great confidence in their committees
—rightlully. When a subject has been referred
to them, and they make a report, telling us that
they have unanimously considered it, it passes
at once, without much consideration, and goes
out as tho unanimous act of the body. I have
known a^very important proposition to be passed
here and to go out to the world as the unanimous
sense of the Senate of the United States, when
there were not twenty persons within this Hall,
including the President, the Sergeant-at-Arms,
the pages, and all the attendants about the body.
It is well enough so far as it goes, if it is not
questioned; but when we know how these unani-
mous things are done, it seems to me that there
is not great force in an argument which would
put them forward emphatically as characterizing
the act which was done.
I have not got exactly the Latin of the Senator
from Delaware, but I understand his proposition
to be, that when a thing was bound it might be
loosened by the same power which bound it.
Apply that principle to contracts, make that true,
and give me the power to-day, and I will make
any man who can establish it the richest man
that ever lived on the face of the earth. Say that
the same parties who bind themselves by a con-
tract can be unloosed by the power which binds
them—apply it to the relation of husband and
wife—let all the unhappy couples who desire to
get loose from that eo lig amine come to the priest
who bound thorn, and tell him that they want
to be unloosed—and he will have a source of
revenue compared with which California would
be poverty. [Laughter.]
There is no such law as that in Latin or in
English. There are some contracts which, when
made, are beyond the power of those who make
them. Let me illustrate this by taking a case.
The President and Senate of the United States
may place a man on the Supreme Hench. Can
they got him off again ? No, sir. The President
and the Senate may do a great many things which
they cannot undo. The President and Senate
make a treaty, not because the President and the
Senate are the United States—not because they
are the representatives of the United States, but
because the United States, when laying out its
machinery for making treaties, said that the
President and two thirds of the Senate should
have authority to make them, it is by virtue of
the express power granted in the Constitution
that the President and two thirds of the Senate
have that authority; and, inasmuch as the Con-
stitution stops with the making of the treaty, and
does not go on and say that the same power may
abrogate the treaty, it follows that the President
and Senate cannot abrogate it. Why have they
not that power ? Bccause the Government of the
United States,and the people of the United States,
altogether, do not possess' that power under the
law of nations. It is only because such a right
is reserved, in express terms, by the eleventh arti-
cle of the treaty with Denmark, that we have itin
this case. Ihe power there is reserved for
" either party;" and the party which made the
contract is the United States. The United States
is not the President; it is not the President with
two thirds of the Senate; it is not the President
and the Senate unanimously. This treaty is the
supreme law of the land. It is binding upon
every citizen as such. Every citizen has rights—
every citizen has duties, under it. Those rights
and those duties cannot be abrogated, unless by
the power which makes laws.
There is something fanciful and perhaps plausi-
ble in the statement of the proposition that they
who make can unmake, but it is not true. I re-
member once hearing a boy examined in regard
to the multiplication of fractions. He gave the
rule properly, and then, when he was asked for
the rule for dividing fractions, he reversed it.
The schoolmaster said, " It sounds very natural
with boys who never tried it, but it is not true."
Sir. it is not true as a general proposition; it
is not true in morals; it is not true m politics,
that the power which makes can also unmake.
Least and last of nil, it is not true in regard to a
case where every branch of the Government acts
under a written constitution and by delegated
authority. Gentlemen sometimes make mistakes
by going off on analogies, forgetting that all our
powers are limited, measured, and controlled by
the express grants of the Constitution. The
Constitution confers on the President and the
Senate the power to make treaties; jt withholds
the power to abrogate them. If the power of
abrogation lias been reserved m this treaty, it has
been leserved to the United States, and can only
be cxercised in that capacity m which a sovereign
nation can act—that capacity in which it makes
war. That power not being in this body, I con-
clude that the notice in this case lias not been
legally given.
Mr. BAYARD. With great deference to the
honorable Senator from New Hampshire, I con-
tend that the maxim stated by my colleague is
essentially true asapplied to all contracts, whether
between individuals or nations—with the excep-
tion of the contract of marriage, where, on public
grounds and grounds of morals, the rule does
not hold—that the parties who make a contract,
and who hare the right to make it, can by agree-
ment dissolve the contract. I doubt whether the
j Senator from New Hampshire can state a sing \ 
I exception to that rule as a principle of law, except
j the ease of the contract of marriage, which has
always been held not to be within the consent of
the parties for the purposes of revocation or al-
teration, on account of the principles of morals
that lay at the foundation of that contract.
Now, sir, a treaty is nothing more than an
agreement between two countries. In whom,
under the Constitution of the United States, is
the power to make agreements between our own
and foreign countries vested? Not in the-House
of Representatives of the United States; not in
the Legislature of the United States; but in the
President and Senate. If two thirds of the Sen-
ate concur with the President in making the agree-
ment, it becomes—what? Nota law; not a statute,
as those who question the power of the Senate in
reference to the abrogation of treaties have con-
tended, under a peculiar provision of the Consti-
tution. That provision, making treaties, as well
as statutes, the supreme law of the land, is for
the purpose of giving to a treaty the force and
effect of a statute. It does not make it a statute;
it does not alter the question of the jurisdiction
or authority to make a treaty, but it gives to a
treaty, when made, the same force locally as a
legislative act passed by the Legislature. Inde- *
pendentlyof that declaration m the Constitution,
it could not be contended that an act, not spring-
ing from the legislative power, could be the law
of the land. The object of that provision in the
Constitution is to give the force and eifect of a
| law—of a statutory enactment springing from
| the legislative power—to a treaty which is made,
not by the Legislature, but, according to the ex-
! press terms of the Constitution, by the Pres-
I ident, with the advice and consent of two thirds
' of the Senate.
| Can it be doubted that the principle applies to
; the foreign nation which enters into a treaty with
! you, that they must make their contract with that
I power which, under your Constitution, is author-
j i zed to make it? Is it not equally certain that the
tribunal which has the authority to make the con-
tract on behalf of the United States can alter that
contract by a subsequent treaty with the consent
of the foreign Power ? I presume there can be no
doubt about that point. Is it not equally clear, then,
that they could stipulate in the contract that it
should cease by itself after the. lapse of a given
length of time ? Would not that operate without
any legislation? Is it not also certain that, by
the terms of the agreement made between the
parties by the jurisdiction m each country having
power to make such an agreement between na-
tions, it can be provided that the treaty may le-
gally be put an end to, on notice from either side,
without affording just causc of war, or coming
within the question of the moral rights of na-
jj lions? I cannot doubt this.
i! Then let us take a step further and suppose that
! | a treaty provided that it should last for five years
i1 and from year to year, if either party should give
ii notice to the other of its desire to continue it. [n
whom, then, would the power be vested to con-
tinue the treaty ? Would it not necessarily be in
the body which under the Constitution has the
exclusive right to make treaties—the President
and Senate? If you agree with the foreign nation
that the treaty may be put an end to on notice
being given, is it not a branch of the treaty-mak-
ing power, and is not that notice to be given by
i the authority in whom the treaty-making power
I is vested ?
| Mr. President, a contract between parties can
. be dissolved only by those who made u, whether
| they be nations or individuals. Now, by whom
! was this contract wnh Denmark made; The
J language of the treaty is, of course, that it was
made between the United States and the Danish
! Government; but what branch of these Govern-
S ments had the power to make that contract? Could
' an act of Congress make a treaty with Denmark?
