THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN C. RIVES, WASHINGTON, D. C.
Tiiirty-Fourth Congress, Ivr Session.
SATURDAY, MAY 10, 1850.
Nkw Series....No. "i3.
No. Could an act of Congress alter a treaty with
Denmark? No. Well, sir, if by the terms'of the
treaty Denmark and the United States agree that
it may be ended on notice being given by cither
party, from whom must that notice spring5 Of
necessity from the power that has authority to
make the treaty.
I do not mean to contend for the right of the
President and Senate of the United States to ab-
rogate a treaty, cxcept in a case where it is a part
of the original agreement that they may put an
end to it on notice being given. There they arc
acting under the power vested in them by the
Constitution in giving the notice. It is a part
of the treaty-making power. 1 agree with the
Senator from New Hampshire that, as between
nations, neither Congress, nor the Executive
alone, nor the Executive and Senate together,
could put an end to a treaty which contained no
stipulation for its termination, and that war, and
war alone, can terminate such a treaty, unless by
the making of a new one. You may doelarc by
an act of Congress, representing the Government
in which the war-making power is vested, that
you will not hold yourselves bound by a treaty
on moral considerations. That applies to a treaty
which by its stipulations is to be permanent,
which has no limitation of time for its existence,
and which does not provide for any authority by
which an end can be put to it. I admit neither
nation can abrogate such a treaty on any principle
of law. The abrogation of it becomes a question
of morals. It infers itself to the appeal to force,
the ultima ratio regum, and that can only be exer-
cised by the war-making power. 1 do not doubt
that; nor do I contend that the Senate of the
United States have a right to abrogate any treaty
with a foreign nation ininvitiim. I think that it
can be done by agreement. If we make a treaty
with a foreign Government, it must be made on
our part by the President and Senate. If the for-
eign Government consents to alter it in loto by a
new treaty, abandoning the former one, there can
be no doubt that the President and Senate alone
can enter into such an agreement on the part of
the United States, because it is to those branches
of the Government that the power to make arrange-
ments and agreements with foreign nations is con-
fided.
My view is, that the treaty with Denmark in
this ease contains within itself a power to put
an end to it by either of the contracting parties;
it is a part of the agreement, and the Senate and
the President have a right to carry that agreement
into effect by annulling it in the same manner in
which they could make an additional treaty, if
they saw nt to do so, with the consent of Den-
mark; because it is with the consent of Denmark,
given in advance by her own agreement, that this
notice is to be given. Previous consent operates
as efficiently as subsequent consent between na-
tions. When nations disagree as to the terms of
a treaty, and put a different'construction on them,
each nation docs so at its own peril. Each na-
tion decides for itself outside of the law, and must
sustain itself on principles of morals. It resorts
to the law of force, the ultima ratio r eg urn, when
it puts at defiance a treaty which contains within
itself no provision for its abrogation. This is
the distinction. The cases are not parallel.
I claim not for Congress the right to abrogate
a treaty, except this, on the ground of morals. As
they are the war-making power, whenever a for-
eign nation violates a treaty with us, Congress
may declare the treaty abrogated; but still that
does not abrogate the treaty unless war follows
the act. The act of war by the laws of nations
ends existing treaties in general, with rare excep-
tions. The treaty itself is not abrogated by the
act declaring its abrogation, without the consent
of the other party. This explains the course of
events in reference to the French treaty, and the
act of Congress in regard to it. The declaration
of one party, that a treaty has been violated by
the act of the other, and is therefore abrogated, is
nothing more than a declaration that they will not
be bound by it. By the laws of nations that
73
declaration would not terminate the treaty unless
war ensued between the parties. War destroys
it altogether, and calls for the formation of new
treaties.
That, however, has no connection with this
case. Tiieie is 110 analogy between that case and
this. Here the contracting parties, by their own
stipulation, agree that either of them niay put an
end to the treaty which has been entered into
between thein by giving notice. The principle
winch I have just stated has 110 more application
here than it would luive in a case where the parties
stipulated that either of them might extend the
treaty from year to year by giving notice. In
either event, it seems to me to bo the necessary
result of the principles stated by my learned col-
league, that the branch of the Government to
whom the treaty-making power is delegated must
exercise that function, for it is apart of the treaty-
making power, and not a part of the legislative
power.
A great deal of the argument on the other side
seems to have been founded on the declaration
of the Constitution, that a treaty is Ihe supreme
law of the land. 1 cannot see its application here,
111 any mode whatever. The Oonstiliilioii gnes
the force of a law or a statute to a treaty; but it
does not thereby make a treaty a statute. That
declaration does not mean to take away fiom the
authority which ihe Constitution has delegated
to the President and Senate—not a portion of the
Senate, but the President with the consent of two
thirds of the Senate. You are driven, if the doc-
trine of the other side be true, to this position:
that when the treaty-making power agrees to a
contract -with a foreign Government, which, ac-
cording to its terms, you have a right to end by
notice, you can give the notice, not'by the power
which could make the treaty, but by an act of
the Congress of the United States, which, of
course, can be passed without the consent of two
thirds of the Senate.
I submit, sir, that the distinction is a very pal-
pable one between the abrogation of a treaty
when1 110 power of abrogation is reserved, and
the ierimnaiioii of a treaty in pursuance of notice
reserved, according to its own terms, the act of
giving wluch notice is necessarily reserved to
the treaty-making power.
Mr. Tfc)0MBS. Mr. President, I think this is
a very important question; but, in my opinion,
it stands on a narrow basis. It is not contended
by any one that the President of the United States
has die right to terminate treaties. I hold that
the President and the Senate have no such right;
and my simple reason for this position is, that
the power is not granted by the Constitution. It
is contended by both the Senators from Delaware
that the party having this right to make lias the
right to unmake, as a universal principle.
Mr. BAYARD. My position is, that the par-
ties who make a contract can unmake it by agree-
ment between tliem, as in this case between Den-
mark and the United States.
Mr. TOOMBS. I hold that, so far from its
being universally true, it is a universal fallacy in
the case of treaties. The President and the Uni-
ted States are agents to make treaties. When
they have made them, the agency ceases. Let
me give an illustration. Suppose I empower a
man to buy a house for me as my agent. Will
the Senator from Delaware contend that that also
gives him the power to sell that house ? I say
that this case stands upon the doctrine applied to
agencies. The President and Senate are agents
of the United States to make bargains, but it does
not follow, unless it is nominated in the bond
creating the agency, that they can break bar-
gains. So far from the position of the_ Senator
from Delaware on this point being universally
true, I say it is universally untrue.
The United States and Denmark can abrogate
this treaty in the way which it points out. No-
body doubts that. Who made the treaty? The
President and two thirds of the Senate on our
part, and the State of Denmark by her constituted
authorities 011 the other. I admit that we can
j make a new treaty, and that is the only mode by
| which the Senate can repeal a law of this sort.
' j The Constitution jjroviiles that the Constitution
|| itself, and the laws made in pursuance of it, and
| " all treaties made, or which shall be made, under
!| the authority of the United States, shall be the
'| supreme law ofthe land." The law of the land
j! 111 this case can be repealed by Ihe President and
'Senate; but it can be done in the mode pointed
out by the authmity of the Constitution, and in
>H> other way; and that is by a new treaty. The
President and Senate have not general power over
the subject; hut they have a particular power to
lie exercised 111 a particular way. Therefore,
when tliey make a treaty which is a contract be-
tween this and a foreign Government, it requires
certain requisites. Those, requisites must appear
011 11s face, to make it valid. What are the re-
| quisites? The act of the President and the con-
sent of two thirds of the Semite. This special
power of making laws to govern our intercourse
with foreign countries must be exercised precisely
as it is given to us, and in 110 oilier way. Nothing
results from it; ihere can be 110 such thing' as a
resulliiig power lo the Senate in this case. All
llie resulting powers tall to Congress, and not to
the President alone, or 10 the President and the
Senate.
This is an exception to the general law-making
power. Our Constitution says that the legisla-
tive power shall In: ve.sted ill two Houses of Con-
gress, their acts being approved by the President.
Treaties are, by the Constitution, made to have
the efi'eet of laws. This is an exception to the
general course of laws, and you must follow the
exception strictly. The President and two thirds
of the Senate have power to make treaties, atul
you can abrogate them by making new ones,
with the consent ofthe other party. It requires
the consent of bolh parties.
The next point 111 this case, which I think
narrows it down, is this: It is admitted to be
competent for a treaty to terminate itself in any
way which may be agreed upon by the foreign
Government 011 the one side, and the President
and Senate, for this Government, on the other
side. If they agree m the treaty that it shall
terminate in twelve months or ten years, it ex-
pires at that period by its own limitation. If it
provides that it shall continue until the happening
of the next eclipse, the occurrence of that event
terminates it. If the treaty provides that it shall
be terminated by a notice given by the President
of the United States, his notice terminates it. If
the treaty said that it should be terminated on
notice given by the President of the United
States, with the unanimous consent of the Sen-
ate, that unanimous consent and the action of
the President would terminate it. If the power
were given to the President and a majority of the
Senate, their action would terminate it. If the
treaty said that it should not be terminated until
the House of Representatives assented to its ab-
rogation, would not that be a good treaty?
Now the question, and the only question is,
what does this treaty mean when it says that no-
tice may be given by either contracting party?
If the phrase meant the parties whom the other
Government know in our foreign intercourse, it
can be terminated in this way. If the fair con-
struction of the treaty is, that Denmark intended,
that this notice should be given by the treaty-
making power, the President and two-thirds of
the Senate, certainly if the contract had said so, it
would be a good one. There is nothing in the
Constitution against such a provision. I suppose
that the committee who sustain this course hold
that that is what Denmark did mean, that the
notice should be given by the President, with
the consent of two thirds of the Senate, being
the treaty-making power. If that was the pro-
vision, it would be a good contract made by par-
ties able and willing to contract in relation to a
proper subject-matter for contract. The treaty,
however, does not say so, and I do not think
this is its fair construction. I admit it to be
doubtful whether the treaty did wean, that any-
