1154
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 8,
body should give the notice except the President
and the Senate; but I will give the benefit of my
doubts against the cxercise of this power, be-
cause I think the notice ought not to be given at
m all.
It is said that the resolution authorizing the
notice was unanimously passed by the Senate.
We all understand what that means. The Sena-
tor from New Hampshire has explained it cor-
rectly. I do not know whether I was in the city
or in the Senate at the time, but I know vary well
that, if I were here, thatresolution could never have
received my assent. I would not travel four thou-
sand miles to make this little difficulty. 1 think
it is very unbecoming this great country. Here
is a usage which has lasted for three hundred
years, which has been sanctioned by all the great
commercial and military Powers of Kurope. All
the commerce of Russia, except that which goes
through the Black sea, passes through these
straits, and pays these tolls. The immense trade
of England with all the north of Europe above
these straits goes through them; and, according
to the bast investigation which I have bestowed
upon the subject, they pay at least one hundred
dollars to our one.
I admit that there is no just foundation for the
title of Denmark to these Sound dues; but I
might say the same thing of a great deal of that
which is recognized as the property of the nations
of the world. If we go into nice questions, some-
body may come here and question our right to
the very soil on which our Capitol is built. We
got it from the Indians^nd we might be required
to go into a long argument to show that we had
a better claim to it than they had. While I do
not admit that the title of Denmark to levy these
tolls is founded in right, but in wrong and m
force, it has been acquiesced in. While the
other great nations of the world pay these tolls,
and our share of them is so small and inconsider-
able, I think it unwise in this Government to go
four thousand miles away in order to pick up
any such difficulty. I do not intend to get in-
sulted about it. lam not insulted about it. I
think it is no insult to me or my country when I
am required to submit to the established order of
things for three hundred years, wlicu great and
powerful nations, who can leniedy it at any time,
have chosen to submit. Under such circum-
stances I do not think it proper forme to go into
ft quarrel with poor little Denmark about these
dues, which to us arc only six or eight, thousand
dollars a year, but one half of her revenue is
dependent on them. It is a very unfriendly act.
I would as soon think of going away from my
own homo into one of the northwestern States,
and laising a row with a toll-gate keeper for
charging me too much for crossing a bridge,
when the people all around were contented with
it, and were paying it every day.
1 shall do no such thing. It is a quarrel un-
worthy this great people'to make. We are not
to go all over the world to right the wrongs of
mankind. If it were a matter of sufficient conse-
quence—if it wore an exaction on us and nobody
else—if it were a discrimination against us, I
would maintain my equality with the nations of
the earth, no matter how inconsiderable and how
feeble might be Denmark; that would be lier
fault, not mine. Jjut, sir, when we came into the
family of nations we found this right acquiesced
in by the great Powers of the, world for two
hundred years before we were born into this
family. 1 have no disposition to disturb the
lainily relations and the peace and quiet of na-
tions in this, matter. 1 think it unwise and inex-
pedient, and therefore I will avail myself of my
douliison this question of constitutional power
to vote against the notice, for I would give it no
snape or form whatever.
Air. BAYARD. Mr. President, it is much
easier to denounce a position as a fallacy than to
establish it to be so. The honorable Senator from
Georgia supposes the President and the Senate to
be the agents of the people of the United States
and he analogizes it to a ease where he gives au-
thority to aiugent to buy ahousc. He asks, does
that authority give him power to sell it? That
scorns to mo to be a very imperfect analogy. The
President and the Senate of the United Suites, as
well as the other branches of the Government,
are the permanent agents, with fixed, definite, and
irrevocable powers from the Sfcatps nnd people of
the United States, unless altered according to the
terms of the Constitution. If the honorable Sena-
tor would put a proper case in regard to individuals
it would be this: If he were to give an individual
an irrevocable power of control and disposition
over his real estate, that individual would un-
questionably have the right to buy as well as to
sell. Here the Senate of the United States and
the President have the right to make contracts
with foreign nations. That power is vested by
theConstitution,notin the Legislature, but in the
President and Senate exclusively. It is a part of
the complex system of our Government, which,
allow me to say to the honorable Senator from
Georgia, (who I believe belongs to that class of
gentlemen in this country who upholds the rights
of the States,) it is important should be main-
tained for the purpose of preserving the rights of
the States distinct from the power of mere numer-
ical majorities.
Exclusive power of making contracts between
the Governments of the United States and for-
eign nations is vested in the President of the
United States, with the concurrence, not of a bare
majority, but of two thirds of the Senate, com-
posed of the Representatives of the States. Now,
let me put a case: Suppose that, by the terms of
an agreement under such a power which is ex-
clusive in its character, you make a treaty for ten
years and no longer, the treaty, of course, ex-
pires at that time; but if you agree to make it for
ten years, with a further provision that cither
party may extend it from year to year by notice
given for that purpose, and that in iho absence
of notice the treaty shall expire, who would have
the authority to continue that treaty? Surely the
power in whom was vested the right to made a
contract with a foreign nation. Does not the
same principle apply to the right to discontinue
a treaty in accordance with the terms of the agree-
| ment ? I do not speak of the abrogation of a
treaty where there is nothing in its terms author-
| izing an abrogation. 1 have admitted unhesitat-
| ingly that the power to abrogate a treaty has no
| legal foundation m any branch of the Government.
] It rests on the right which exists in every nation
| to disregard the obligations of a treaty on moral
I grounds: but that is outside of the law of nations,
| and is a resoit to tie' law of foice, usually called
, the ultima ratio return, in order to maintain their
j rights. The morol baMS they must determine
■ upon, in order to sustain themselves before the
: world; it is not a question of law any longer,
i When, however, there is a provision forming a
j part of the terms of the contract, authorizing a
| notice to terminate it, or to extend it, that notice
i is part of the contract; and the power in whom is
j vested the authority to make the contract is the
! proper power to exercise the right of ending it by
such notice.
| "Mr. CLAYTON". Wo arc admonished by the
ablest of all commentators on English jurispru-
dence, that "nullum simile in quatuor pedibus
cumtand true it is, that a comparison very
rarely runs on four feet. The honorable Senator
from Georgia compares the case before us with
the appointment of an agent to sell a house, and
he sdys that, if you appoint a man to sell a house
for you, that does not give hint power to unmake
the sale or to abrogate the contract; and (lie gen-
tleman supposes that that is a similar case to the
one before the Senate. Now, I will undertake to
present for bis consideration a view which I think
does resemble the one before us. Suppose a
person the owner of property abroad—in Eng-
land, for example—constitutes a general agent to
' attend to his property there, and to make all
; proper contracts m regard to it for him, and that
j agent, in pursuance of his authority, makes a
contract about his property, say a lease, with a
' provision in the same contract that either party
shall have it in his power, after a certain time, to
annul that contract, or lease, whatever it may be—
! the question, then, would bo, who would be the
proper person to getnd of the contract by giving
j notice in pursuance of its provisions? Wouldmv
1 honorable friend from Georgiadoubtthat in such
I a case the person whom he had constituted his
| agent abroad would be the proper person to give
I the notice and abrogate the contract? If that
i agent, in pursuance of that power, should give
' the notice to abrogate the contract, docs the Sen-
ator think that there is a court in Christendom that
would hesitate to decide the contract to be null and
void ? Now, to my humble judgment, that would
be something resembling the case before us. But
; I have no desire to trespass on the patience of the
Senate by discussing this same subject again.
The honorable gentleman, however, made a
new point which has not been started before, and
which surely would have been more appropriate
on a former occasion, when the question was first
presented for the decision of the Senate—whether
the Sound dues ought to be abrogated?—whether
it was worth while for this Government to pro-
ceed to take steps to get rid of these Sounddues?
The honorable Senator thinks it unworthy of the
Government to proceed in this business. The
first remark I have to make in regard to that is,
that we have already proceeded. Whether wisely
or unwisely, we have gone so far without objec-
tion, as to show the whole world that we wero
determined to be free from these Sound dues.
And how has the course of the Government of
the United States been received abroad? I believe
I that, generally, throughout Europe, the course
| adopted by this Government in relation to these
j dues has been approved. I know there have
i been objections started m this country similar to
| those which the honorable Senator himself has
1 made to-day. I know it has been said that it is
unworthy a groat nation like this to seek to pre-
vent a little petty State like Denmark from levy-
ing this petty tax on commerce. This petty lax
on commerce, as it is called, extends sometimes
to $120,000 a year. This is no very small*matter.
It is felt by the commerce of this country to be
of so much importance, that those representing
the interests of commerce have been urging the
State Department for nearly twenty years to get
rid of the Sound dues. If the honorable Senator
will inquire, 1 think he will find that every Sec-
retary of State for the List twenty years has
been at times engaged in instructing the minis-
ters of this coumry to Denmark to endeavor to
procure a release from these exactions, and to
protest against their continuance as oppressive
and unjust. Denmark has refused, on all occa-
sions, every entreaty that we could make, either
to capitalize the dues or to say what sum she
would take to release our commerce. She has
refused to hear any reason; but has obstinately
persisted in her course of exacting from the com-
merce of the United States, and all other nations,
whatever sums she thinks proper to demand. I
understand that the dues paid on every bale of
cotton passing through that Sound are not less
than one dollar each, and that forty thousand
bales are now arrested on their voyage to avoid
the tax. This is certainly felt to be a grievance.
It must be a grievance to those who own the cot-
ton, and it is felt to be a grievance by those who
wish to earn the freight.
Bui, sir, I do not wish to go into this question
and to consider all the advantages which will
accrue from getting rid of the Sound dues. I look
on that question, so far as we are concerned, as
m adjvdieotct; it has been decided. The only point
now, it having been decided,is, whether we have
proceeded in proper form or not? Our purpose
has been announced; the decision has been made;
the concurrent branches of the Government have
agreed to it. The only question now is, whether
we arc proceeding to announce our own decision
in obedience to the provisions of our own Consti-
tution ? I submit that the resolution proposed
by the committee ought to be adopted, and that
the Senate of the United States, having induced
the President to adopt such a course as that which
he has taken, should not desert him at this crisis.
We should not leave the executive department,
after we have drawn it into this course, but should
stand by it to the end, according to the mode
which we ourselves proposed in the beginning.
Any different disposition of iho subject must tend
to humble us in the view of other nations.
Mr. COLLAMER. Mr. President, I cannot
but think that there is very much in the distinc-
tion to which I alluded on a former occasion, as
to the double character which exists in every
treaty. The treaty is in the first place a contract
between the two nations who make it; but under
our Constitution it is also a municipal law in the
United States in relation to our own citizens.
That is a secondary feature of the treaty—a char-
acter which is afiixed to it by virtue of the pro-
visions of our own Constitution; it does not
grow out of the law of nations. The treaty-
