sm
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 14,
Mr. HOUSTON. I desire to say—without
attempting at this time any discussion of the sub-
jects embraced in that report—that so far as the
views of the Secretary of the Treasury in respect
to modifications of the tariff of 1846 are concerned,
I, as an individual member of the House, dissent
from them; and intend, at some proper time, to
place before the House my views upon that sub-
ject, I regard his recommendations as in conflict
with the principles of the act of 1846, and in con-
flict with the principles of the Democratic party
on that subject. The doctrines enunciated in
this report are substantially the same as those of
his report to the Thirty-Third Congress, and
which were so signally condemned and rejected
by the Democracy of the House of Represent-
atives of that Congress.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio. I think the report
should be referred to the Committee of Ways and
Means.
Mr. COBB. Very well; if the gentleman from
Ohio desires that it shall go to the Committee of
Ways and Means, I will withdraw ray motion.
.'Mr. CAMPBELL. I move, then, that the re-
Sort be referred to the Committee of Ways and
leans and be printed, and also that the usual
number of extra copies be printed; which latter
motion will go to the Committee on Printing.
Mr. PULLER, of Maine. I desire to make
the motion, and have it go to the Committee on
Printing, along with the motion of the gentleman
from Ohio, that twenty thousand extra copies be
printed.
Mr. HOUSTON. What is the usual number
ordered to be printed ? I think, if I mistake not,
we ordered ten thousand last year.
The communication was then referred to the
Committee of Ways and Means, and ordered to
be printed.
A communication from the Treasury Depart-
ment, transmitting the annual report of the Sec-
retary of the Treasury on the finances; which was
referred to the Committee of Ways and Means,
and ordered to be printed.
Also, a communication from the Secretary of
the Treasury, transmitting a letter from the Sec-
ond Auditor, and copies of accounts of persons
charged with the application of money and goods
for the benefit of the Indians; which was referred
to the Committee 011 Indian Affairs, and ordered
to be printed.
Also, the annual report of the Commissioner
of Patents; which was ordered to lie upon the
table and be printed.
'Mr. HAVEN. I move that one thousand extra
copies be ordered to be printed.
Under the rules, the motion to print extra copies
went to the Committee on Printing.
The SPEAKER laid before the House a com-
munication from the Department of the Interior,
transmitting, ill compliance with the resolution
of the House of Representatives of the 4th of
August, 1854, a letter from the Commissoner of the
General Land Office, relative to graduated lands;
which was ordered to lie upon the table, and be
printed.
Also, a communication from the War Depart-
ment, transmitting, m compliance with law, ab-
stract returns of the militia of the States and Ter-
ritories, with their arms, accoutcrmcnts, and
ammunition, taken from the latest returns to the
Department; which was ordered to lie upon the
table, and be printed.
Also, a communication transmitting, in pursu-
ance of law, a statement of appropriations appli-
cable to the service of that Department for 1854
and 1855; which was ordered to lie upon the table,
and be printed.
Also, a communication from the War Depart-
ment, transmitting, in compliance with law, lists
of clerks and others employ ed in that Department,
other than officers of the Army, during the year
1855; which was ordered to lie upon the table, and
be printed.
Also, a communication from the War Depart-
ment, showing what contracts have been made
under its authority during the year 1855; which
was referred to the Committee on Military Affairs,
and ordered to be printed.
Also, a communication from the War Depart-
ment, transmitting, in compliance with law, a
statement of expenditures from appropriations
for its contingencies during the fiscal year ending
30th cf June, 1855; which was ordered to lie upon
the table, and be printed.
Also, a communication from the War Depart-
ment, transmitting, for the use of members, two
hundred and fifty copies of the Official Army
Register for 1856; which was ordered to lie upon
the table, and be printed.
Also, a communication from the War Depart-
ment, transmitting, in pursuance of law, a state-
ment of expenses during the year 1855, from
appropriations for contingent expenses of the
military establishment; which was ordered to lie
upon the table, and be printed.
Also, a communication from the War Depart-
ment, transmitting a transcript of the Official
Army Register for the year ending 30th of June,
18^5, showing the entire amount for pay, rations,
servants, forage, &c., allowed each officer of the
Army; which was odered to lie upon the table,
and be printed.
Also, a communication from the Secretary of
the Navy, transmitting three hundred copies of
the Navy Register for the current year, for the use
of the members of the House of Representatives;
which was ordered to lie upon the table, and be
printed.
Also, a communication from the Secretary of
the Navy, transmitting a statement showing the
names of the clcrks and other persons employed
in his department during the year 1855, or any
part thereof, the time each was actually employed,
the sum paid to each, and the residence of each
at the time of appointment; which was ordered
to lie upon the table, and bo printed.
Also, a communication from the Secretary of
the Navy, transmitting a list of contracts for
articles furnished to the department during the
fiscal year ending June 30, 1855; which was
orderea to lie upon the table, and be printed.
Also, a communication from" the Postmaster
General, transmitting a detailed statement of the
expenditure of the contingent fund of the Post
Office Department for the fiscal year ending June
30,1855; which was ordered to he upon the table,
and be printed.
Also, a communication from the Postmaster
General, transmitting a statement of the clerks
and othei persons employed in his department
during the fiscal year ending June 30, 1855;
which was ordered to lie upon the table, and be
printed.
Also, communications from John W. Forney,
late Clerk of the House of Representatives, (dated
February 4, 1856,) transmitting a list showing
the names of the clerks and other persons em-
ployed in his office, and a statement of the ex-
penditure of the contingent fund of the House;
which were ordered to lie upon the tabic, and be
printed.
Also a communication from Mr. Forney,
(dated February 4, 185G,) transmitting a state-
ment of reports of a private character, together
with all the bills on the private Calendar or on
the Speaker's table at the adjournment of Con-
gress, with the accompanying papers which have
been referred to the Court of Claims under the
resolution of the House of Representatives of
the 3d of March last, and the acknowledgment
of the clerk of said court of their receipt.
Mr. HAVEN. What is that? If it relates to
the Court of Claims, I want to understand what
it is.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I was about to
suggest the propriety of entering that report at
length upon the Journal, so that any person who
may hereafter be looking after any of these
claims shall be able to find what disposition has
been made of them.
Mr. HAVEN. What is the communication ?
Mr. JONES. It is a statement from the late
Clerk of all the private claims referred, under the
resolution of the last Congress, to the Court of
Claims. I move that the communication be en-
tered at length upon the Journal, and also that
it be printed.
The motion was agreed to.
she territories.
The SPEAKER then laid before the House a
communication from the Secretary of the Terri-
tory of Minnesota, inclosing, for the use of the
House, the Laws of that Territory, passed at the
sixth session of her Legislature.
Mr. H. MARSHALL. I move that the copy
of the Laws, of the Territory of Minnesota be
referred to the Committee on the Judiciary.
The question was taken, and the motion was
agreed to.
A communication from the Secretary of tho
Territory of Washington, transmitting therewith
copies of the Laws of the first and second session
of the Legislative Assembly of the Territory of
Washington; which Was referred to the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary.
Also, a communication from the Secretary of
the Territory of Utah, transmitting therewith
copies of the Laws of that Territory.
The SPEAKER. If there is no objection, they
will be referred to the Committee on the Judi-
ciary.
Mr. GROW. I think it has been customary
to refer these laws to the Committee on Territo-
ries; and, if such has been the custom, I will move
that they be so referred.
Mr. H. MARSHALL. They have always
been sent to the Committee on the Judiciary.
Mr. GROW. I am informed by the gentleman
who was chairman of the Committee on Terri-
tories during the last Congress, that they were
then referred to the Committee on Territories.
Mr. HOUSTON. I do not think they were.
Mr. GROW. Well, I will not persist in my
motion if that is so, and am willing that the
usual course should be pursued.
The documents were then referred to the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary.
Mr. GROW. Are tho communications all dis-
posed of'
The SPEAKER. I believe they are.
the president's kansas message.
Mr. HOUSTON. Where is the message of
the President of the United States in reference to
the Territory of Kansas? I think that has not
been disposed of. I move that it be taken up,
and referred to the Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union, and be printed.
Mr. GIDDINGS. I think the message should
be referred to tho Committee on Territories, as it
is a document which relates entirely to Territo-
ries. The message must be reported upon before
any action can be had, and therefore should go
to that committee.
Mr. HOUSTON. If it is referred to the Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union,
it can be discussed there if gentlemen desire to
discuss it; or, if they prefer, they can report a
resolution to the House, recommending them to
refer the different parts of the message to the
committees to which they properly belong. I
think the proper plan is to refer it to the Com-
mittee of the Whole on tho state of the Union.
Mr. GIDDINGS. It is usual to refer these
matters first to the committee which has charge
of the subject-matter of the paper. That has
been the practice for years, and 1 therefore hope
the message will be referred to the Committee on
Territories.
The SPEAKER. The question is first upon
the motion to refer to the Committee of the
Whole'on the state of the Union.
The question was taken; and, on a division,
there were—ayes 69, noes 71.
Mr. STANTON. We cannot dispose of this
matter without a vote by yeas and nays, and we
may as well have them now as at any other
time.
Mr. HAVEN. What is the precise question?
The SPEAKER. It is the motion to refer the
message of the President of the United States in
reference to Kansas to the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union.
Mr. HAVEN. Let me say one word about
that. The only object of sending this message
to the Committee of the Whole is, that it may be
discussed. As I understand it, the only request
which the message makes of Congress is, that
they should furnish means to pay for certain
things which have been done, and are to be done,
in that Territory. I think it contains a recommen-
dation of that kind. Now, the Committee on
Territories is not a proper committee to make a
recommendation upon that subject, and it ought
to go to the Committee of ths Whole on the state
