418
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIC NAL GLOBE.
[April 38,
34th Cong....1st Sess.
Naval Hetiring Board—Mr. Houston.
Senate.
Bays he did not mean to do it, would you believe
him ? Words qualifying a matter of that kind can
have no force.
Mr. M ALLORY. I only ask thayhe paragraph
be read in connection.
Mr. HOUSTON. I would have read it myself
•with great pleasure, but I objected, because Du
Pont is so copious and diffuse m his writings, that,
ifl were to attempt to read all that he says, my
speech would be entirely too bulky. 1 will, how-
ever, read the paragraph to which the Senator
from Florida has called my. attention. Mr. Du
Font said, as I have already shown, in his letter
to Captain Smith, that he would not occupy the
quarters prepared for him, but would remain in
those assigned to him by the Navy Department.
He first grumbled about the accommodations pro-
vided by the Department; others were prepared
for him, which he declined to occupy; and after
iusulting Captain Smith in the way I have detailed,
he goes on in this letter to aay:
(< 1 trust, sfr, however, that you will D#t fbr a moment sup-
pose that I do not tally appreciate the consideration which
induces yon to do all that you conceive lies in your power
to alleviate the present state of things."
I am very glad that I have read this paragraph,
because it shows that he did not intend this in-
dignity for Captain Smith so much as for Com-
modore Hull. It was there the arrow was di-
rected, but he did not shoot it. He says that
Captain Smith did all that he possibly could, but
yet that they were not accommodated. Why?
Because Commodore Hull was in the way—that
is it. I am glad that I read it, because it just suits
me.
I think the inference which I drew from this
correspondence is a fair one; and it is evident from
it that I stated nothing untrue when I said that ;
Captain Smith was insulted. I am perfectly aware J
of the source whence the distinguished Senator
from Delaware [Mr. Bayard] derived his inform-
ation on this point. I was not aware at the time
of the existence of a document which, I presume,
induced the contradiction that he so unceremoni- <
ously administered to me. I shall allude to it. ;
Lieutenant Du Pont, after he returned from the '
Mediterranean, wrote a letter to the Department ;
dated Jane 5,1840. In that letter, rendering his
mpology to the Secretary of the Navy, he says
that he was «very much astonished to hear that
Captain Smith was offoaded. I will read his own
language:
"But Captain Smith,in speaking of it to Mr. Pendergrast,
the executive officer of the ship, after remarking that, in
bid opinion, it involved me in an inconsistency with a pre-
vious communication to him, added: ' but it is a perfectly
respectful letter, and, if it required an answer, I would
reply to it in the same spirit in which it is sentand tins
observation wax reported to me at the time by Mr. Fender-
past."
This was the hearsay of Mr. Pendergrast,
communicated to Mr. Du Pont, and Mr. Du Pont
communicates the same hearsay to the Secretary j
of the Navy, and to the distinguished Senator
from Delaware, so that it is hearsay evidence '
upon which Mr. Du Pont relies to show that ]
Captain Smith was net insulted. He gives his j
recollection. Whether hi* recollection be right
or wrong, in opposition to the letter I have read j
of Captain Smith, I will let Senators determine.
I am inclined strongly to believe that Du Pont's
memory was bad, even if Captain Pendergrast
ever made the communication j whether he did or
not I do not pretend to say. It does not appear
from Captain Smith's letter that their deduction
■was correct at all events.
I am thus willing to leave the issue of veracity ,
between the distinguished Senator from Delaware
[Mr. Bayard] and myself without any unkind
feelings. He observed that he thought I had read
extracts in * peculiar manner, eo as to give par-
ticular things peculiar force and meaning. In the
course of the Senator's remarks, he stated that he
had been the school-mate of Captain Du Pont. I
admit that I have very little diplomacy about me,
and Yerv little of that polish and exquisite refine-
ment which is acquired by intercourse with for-
eign nations, ana results from education and
early associations that are calculated to impress
a young man with refined and delicate ideas. I
admit, sir, that the Senator has possessed advant-
ages in these respects. If I haa been of another
school—if in early life I had been thrown into
association with Captain Du Pont, I might now
come forward under more imposing auspices than
I am enabled to do at this time. Not having had
such advantages, however, what am 1 to do?
If I have an idea to convey that language will
not express, or if 1 desire to represent an act
that is described in an extract which I read, but
the meaning of which can only be conveyed by
a similar act—such as a whistle—I cannot avoid
presenting it in a natural way, so as to present
what I mean. This is considered " undignified "
on my part! Be it so. I cannot help it.
Sir, I am more the child of nature than of art
and refinement. If I had been the companion and
schoolmate of Captain Du Pont, if I had been
conversant with learned lore, and with abstract
science, with all the depths of learning, and all
the accomplishments that a proud and glorious
lineage could give,as is the case with the Senator
from Delaware, [Mr. Bayard,] I, too, might claim
the preeminence that always appropriates itself
to men of high and noble parts. But, sir, I have
not possessed these advantages; and if I do not
accord with the views of gentlemen of taste and
of classic lore, it is no fault of mine; nor do I
reprehend myself for the misfortunes attendant
upon early life. Sir, I have found in life one vol-
ume open—it is Nature's volume, where every
chapter is nature, and every verse is human life.
That volume is open to the humblest as well as
the proudest. Education to the common mind
may embellish, but it can never implant what
Nature has failed to supply. [Applause in the
galleries.]
The PRESIDENT. The galleries will be
cleared if the demonstrations are repeated.
Mr. HOUSTON. Mr. President, there is one
circumstance that really seemed for a moment to
embarrass me, from the apprehension thata possi-
ble deduction might be drawn from what was said
by others, that I had attempted surreptitiously
to impose on the Senate by interpolating the word
" sex" into a document where it did not exist.
I thought, at the time, that I could not be mis-
taken; I had evidence satisfactory to my mind;
but when I called for a copy of the official doc-
uments from the Department the copy did not
contain the word "sex." I went to the office,
and in the recorded copy I did not find the word
" sex" written, though it was necessary to give
force and sense to the language. I learned, sub-
sequently, that the press copy taken at the time
contained the word " sex:" this was not discov-
i ered until the 24th of March, 1856. Then, sir,
! after all the rhetorical flourishes and denuncia-
tions of the Senators from Delaware, I come for-
ward prepared, under the official statement of one
of the officials of the Navy Department, to assert
that the word " sex" is contained in the letter of
Secretary Paulding of December 16, 1839. It
was intimated that I introduced the word surrep-
titiously, or that, if not surreptitiously done, there
was a second motive for it. First, I was charged
with the crime of having acted improperly; and
next, it was said that it was unjust to the indi- I
vidual.
I regret exceedingly ever to have occasion to
dwell on private character, or to advert to scenes
of an unpleasant nature that are calculated to
reflect on my countrymen, whether in private or
official position, and to brand them with anything
dishonorable, or which is not illustrious and glo-
rious to the country. Sir, the man who bears
my country's flag, the man who represents her
in a foreign country, the man to whose discretion
and integrity the honor of the country is confided,
should be a man of spotless character, of pure and
exalted chivalry, of refined and delicate sensi-
bilities,particularly when he has occasion to defer
to that sex to whom every hero, every soldier, and
every statesman is most honored in rendering the
homage of his heart. Sir, for the man who has
a mother, or a sister, or a daughter, and does not ]
feel that woman is to be shielded and protected by |
his generous arm, there is no epithet too—I will
use no phrase to designate his character. No, 1
no; I cannot do it; I will not; out of respect to
the Senate I will not. !
Well, sir, how does the letter read now, when !
we have the correction? I will show. I have i
been charged with foisting this matter on the
notice of the Senate, as if it had not all been taken
J back and the subject concluded forever, as the
i venerable Senator from Delaware [Mr. Clayton"
| said—forever ! Well, sir, 1 havehefore read this
letter to show the facts which were charged spe-
cifically, and to see whether the Secretary of the
Navy could expunge, or obliterate, or take there,
back, at any subsequent period, under an undue
'' influence, either political or personal, or through
j misrepresentation. The letter in which the word
occurs is a reprimand which was sent to Commo-
dore Hull to read to these gentlemen in the Med-
iterranean. The records will show that they began
a cabal and insubordination before they left the
port of New York, and violated the rules and
regulations of the Navy. They ought uncere-
moniously to have been stricken from the rolls.
This transaction was not in the days of Jackson,
which have been referred to by the venerable Sen-
ator from Delaware, or these gentlemen would
have been dismissed; because the man who showed
the least defection in chivalry, in honor, or in
deference to the female sex, was then compelled
to walk the plank, no matter how deep the plunge.
Here is what is said in the letter of the Secretary
of the Navy:
"Yet it is with great regret the Department is obliged to
state, that no sooner had tliey set foot on board this noble
ship, than the officers of the ward-room, who ought to have
set an example of respect nnd subordination to thuir juniors,
entered into combinations and culmls calculated to defeat
every object for which she had been fitted out. They
clamored against the arrangements that had been made by
the Navy commissioners tor their accommodation, as if a
ship of war were intended for that purpose alone. They
lost sight of the respect and consideration due to that sex
which every gentleman, and most especially every officer,
should feel it hisgWe to cherish on all occasions; appealed
to the public in ^ffimumcations disrespectful to their su-
periors, and violated the long-established rules of the ser-
vice by publishing an official correspondence without the
consent of the Department."
The venerable Senator from Delaware put these
gentlemen on their trial originally, and raised an
issue about their infallibility. Here is corrobora-
tive testimony of what I said before, in the same
dispatch of Secretary Paulding:
" The letter of Lieutenant Du Pont is not such a one as
I had expected from an officer who had heretofore sus-
tained so high a character in the Navy."
That is the same construction which the Sec-
retary put upon it; the same which Captain
Smith put upon it; and the same construction
which Commodore Hull put upon it. I give the
same construction to the letter. And yet, Mr.
Pendergrast told Lieutenant Du Pont that Cap-
tain Smith had said so tind so, and that he did
not put the same construction on it. But I will
read further from the same dispatch:
"The letter of Lieutenant Du Pont is not such a one as
I had expected from an officer who had heretofore sus-
tained so high a character in the Navy. It is not couched
in language becoming an inferior addressing his command-
it^; officer; and his refusal to accept the concession of which
his brother officers availed themselves savors more of pet-
tishness than dignity or of manliness."
That is the opinion of the Secretary of the
Navy, and it is what the Secretary pledges to
Commodore Hull, before he sent the revocation of
the reprimand. Read it, and you will see where
the defect is in the organization, and perpetuation,
and improvement of our Navy. You will see,
when you come to contrast the reprimand, which
was evoked by the conduct of the individuals,
and the Secretary's retraction, that duty had been
one time performed, but it was retracted under an
influence—whether political, personal, or official,
I care not. Such things are deleterious to the
Navy, to its discipline, and to the interests of the
country at large. As I will show from the re-
monstrance of Commodore Hull, the venerable
Senator was mistaken when he Said that that re-
traction concluded the subject forever. In the
same letter of December 16,1839, the Secretary
says to Commodore Hull:
" For yourself, commodore, I have only to say, yon are
commander-in chief of the Mediterranean squadron. The
laws and regulations ofthe service give yon ample powerto
protect yourself from disrespect, and to enforce subordina-
tion. Exert that powerto the uunost; and so long as you do
not go beyond your lawful authority, you may rely on my
cooperation and support."
That is what Mr. Paulding says. I think there
was good sense in all that, and it is just what he
ought to have said; but I wish now to refer to
another letter. Commodore Hull, in writing to
