2028
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
August II,
Mr. WELLER. I think it is too late for the
House of Representatives to object to legislation,
when they voted to put on themselves matter
which we have been compelled to strike out.
With what sort of face can they come in and say,
this is legislation? It simply provides for the
addition of one supervising inspector. The Sen-
ator from Virginia concedes that there is appar-
ently, to him, a necessity for an increase of the
number; and I trust the Senate, seeing the neces-
sity of it, will not refuse it because it may be
regarded as legislation.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. WELLER. I desire to offer another
amendment connected with the same subject,
which provides for the appointment of two local
inspectors for Washington and Oregon Territo-
ries:
Sec. —. Jlwl be it further enartcd, That, m addition to tile
local inspectors for the collection di'stiicts? named in the
ninth srefion of the act to winch this is an amendment,
there phall be a board of local inspectors for the distiict of
Oregon City, in the Territory of Oregon. Sueh inspector?-
shall be appointed m the same manner, with like qualifica-
tions and powers, and shall discharge the same duties
are required of the local inspectors now holding appoint-
ments under the said act. The compensation of &aid in-
spectors shall he §1,500 each.
Mr. HUNTER. I hope the Senator from
California will not press tins amendment. He
has got ono for California. The expenses of
these Territories are very lar^e, and there must
be very few boats there to need an inspector—
perhaps not more than one in each Territory.
We are multiplying offices for nothing.
Mr. WELLER. I am very sorry that my .
friend lias not more aeemate informal ion in !
regard to the amount of commerce of Columbia .
river and Paget Sound. There are (tight !
or ten boats navigating (he sound and m^r, and !
it is utterly impossible for them to £;o down io I
San Francisco, because, as I said before, they j
have been built for the sound and river, and
cannot navigate the oc^an. IJow can they he
inspected at all ? I stand here, unfortunately, the
sole representative of the Pacific coast, and 1 feel
myself under obligation to look after the interests
of my neighbours, of the north, Washington and
Oregon Territories. This simply pros-ides for the
appointment of a local inspector for each of these
1 erritories.
Mr. SEWARD. I think the last amendment
involved precisely the same principle as this.
This is necessary to carry out what was done
before.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. SEWARD. I be;; leave to oftor the fol-
lowing amendment, to stuke out" £8,000 " in the
clause making an appropriation for reporting the
proceedings of the Senate, and msnt "^10,400,"
and before the amount msi'it including Hie
usual extra compensation to the reprntei* uf lh<:
Senate, $800each-,so that the clause wjII road:
P<>r lepoitin^ piot'ccding-*, inc ludinir the u-urd i-mui
compensation to Urn ieporlcr-> of the Semite, ^N)0 each,
$10,100.
Mr. HUNTER. I do not understand this.
We have in the bill all that is estimated. How
is it proposed to add this sum?
Mr. SEWARD. The Senate has usually paid
to its reporters, of whom there ere now only
three, an <-xtra compensation of £800 each, and
tins is an amendment which is not included m
the estimate. It is an amendment to give the
reporters this session what has been given them
heretofore by the same bill, an extra compensa-
tion of $800 each. To do this it is necessary to
increase the appropriation from $8,000 to $10,400.
Mr. HUJN'TER. What is the i8,000 for?
Mr. SE WARD. For reporting.
Mr. HUNTER. That is the regular price.
Why give the $800 ?
Mr. SEWARD. The £-600 has usually been
paid.
Mr. HUNTER. If so, it has been done, I
suppose, hy resolution, when the Sennte were
compensating everybody. I think it has never
been m on appropriation bill before. If the two
Houses choose to give extra compensation, they
ought to do it out of their contingent fund, by a
special resolution.
Mr. SEWARD. I hope the Senate will take
care of the reporters,
Air. BA\ ARB, f ask for the yeas and -nays
mi tiio amendment.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. MASON, i see in this bill, at page 6S
line one hundred and twenty-one:
For reporting and ^publishing the proceedings of the
House of Representatives, including the usual additional
compensation to the reporters of the House for the present
session, $800 each, $20,4:20.
Now, in looking over the bill, 1 am notable to
know whether this provision is not already con-
tained in it.
Mr. SEWARD. The honorable Senator will
find that the place where I propose to make this
amendment is on page 3, at line fifty-one. That
contains an appropriation of $8,000 for reporting
the proceedings of the Senate. I propose to add to
that a provision for #800 to each of the report-
ers. At page G, to which the honorable Senator
from Virginia has referred, he will find that the
House has inserted a provision paying $800 to
each of its reporters. The bill, while providing
for them, docs not provide for the Senate report-
ers. This is only to make the reporters of the
Senate equal to the reporters of the House. They
have worked very hard, and are entitled to it.
Mr. CLAYTON. I want to say to my friend
from Virginia, that this is a motion similar to one
which I made at the last session, as an amend-
ment to the civil and diplomatic appropriation
bill, to put the Senate reporters on the same foun-
dation with the reporters of the House. This
places them on precisely the same footing, and I
suppose there can be no doubt of the propriety
of that.
Mr. RRODIIEAD. It seems to me that we
must strike out the (4,800, or insert the $"2,400
proposed by the Senator from Nftw York. If the
j reporters nf the House have this compensation
j iiiven to them, certainly we should extend the
J same measure of justice to the reporters of the
; Senaie. We must either strike out the one pro-
| vision, and let ail stand on their contracts with
: their employer, or else we must insert this provis-
ion. It is evident that the reporters of the Senate
arc not in this bill now; and if this provision be
not made, the House importers will be paid more
than th<* Senate reporters.
JMi. HUNTER. We employ Mr. Ilivea to
report for us, and give him a certain rate. The
$b00 now proposed is an extra allowance.. We
are not bound to nay his reporters anything by
way of gratuity. It lias been voted heretofore by
a resolution out of the contingent fund, and not
put m an appropriation bill.
Mr. SEWARD. The honorable Senator will
find thai the House has made: such a provision
for jf« lvporti'rs in this very bill.
Mr. HUNTER. The II ouse put in some
other pw>\ ision^ which aio not usual.
Mr. SKWAKD. Rut the honorable Senaior
has not proposed to stuke out the provision for
the 1! ou.se reporters.
Air. KESbEN DEN. I desire to ask the chair-
man of tlie Committee on Finance whether the
sum of £8,009 in tins clause is to carry out our
contract with Mr. Rives for reporting?
Mr. HUNTER. Yes, sir.
Mr. EESSENDEN. It has no reference to
anybody except to Mr. Rives?
, Mr. flUNTER. That is all.
Mr. EESSENDEN. And this is a proposition
to pay $,800 to each of the reporters. I am in
iavor of that, and hope it will be agreed to.
Mr. SEWARD. On page (5, line one hun-
dred and twenty-one of the bill, is this provision:
''For importing and publishing the proceedings of the
Ilou.-e of" lie pie^entatn t lncludm" the usun! additional
compensation lo the leporteis of the llotuc f'oi the present
session, each—^'20,4:20.'*
My amendment is to make a similar appropria-
tion for the same items for the Senate, including
the extra compensation to the reporters.
Mr. STUART. The Senate decided at the
last session to put the reporters of the Senate on
the same footing with those of the House of
Representatives. I think it is right, arid I am
prepared to vote for it. Now, I wish to suggest
to the chairman of the committee that it seems
to me to be much more appropriate to provide for
this m the general appropriation bill, than to pay
the money by a resolution out of the contingent
fund. As between the two modes of payment,
I prefer this, and shall cheerfully vcfte for it.
Mr. MASON. I have been for'Some years in
the Senate, and I ain at a loss to know how the
inconveniences and disadvantage under which
I we are placed in reference to the appropriation
bills are to be remedied. According to my recol-
lection, my honorable colleague, who is at the
head of the Committee on Finance, at an early
stage of this session, offered a resolution which,
I think, was adopted, makingitincumbent onthe
committee of the Senate to report the general ap-
propriation bills at an early period of the session,
if they were not sent to us from the House of
Representatives. I thought it was a very wise
and prudent thing to do so. What came of it I do
not recollect, but here we now stand thus: this
appropriation bill, which contains a great mass of
the ordinary appropriations for the support of the
Government, after a session of more thfin eight
months, is sent to us on the 7th of August, and
we are to adjourn on the 18th. I do not know
how it was with other Senators, but I know in
relation to myself that I never saw the bill, and
had no means of seeing it, until this morning.
When I came into the Senate to-day it was not on
my table. 1 learned that it was printed, but not
distributed, and 1 sent a messenger to get me a
copy of it.
This is the way in which the Senate of the
United States is required to pass upon the appro-
priations for the support of the Government.
Now what do we find? Here is a proposition
to appropriate a* very small sum as additional
compensation to the reporters of the Senate, and
a question arises, and nobody is capable to solve
it by information upon which he can say the
Senate shall rely, whether the appropriation made
by the House, to which I have called attention,
is not also made by the Senate ?
Mr. HUNTER. My colleague is mistaken.
We have a contract with Mr. Rives for report-
ing, and the appropriations in this bill are to pay
Mr.llr.es. Me employs the reporters. It has
been usual heretofore, as I stated, by resolution,
to pay the reporters an extra compensation out
of the contingent fund. Now the House has in-
troduced this provision, which is a gratuity to the
reporters, into the appropriation bill; and it is
proposed by the Senator from New York to in-
troduce a similar proposition for compensation to
the reporters of the Senate. That is the propo-
sition.
Mr. MASON. I rely on that, for my colleague
doubtless speaks with information derived from
his position as chairman of the Committee on
Finance. But how do the rest of us stand here?
As I said, this bill was not distributed when I
came into the Chamber this morning, and I sent
a messenger to get me a copy of it. I find, by
looking at it, that it -was sent to the Senate on the
7th of August, only four days ago. What pos-
sibility is there for the Senate to know what ap-
propriations are asked, or what appropriations
are made, for the support of Government?
I advert to this matter only in order to bring
the attention of ^he Senate to the condition in
which we stand in regmd to our coordinate branch
—worse this session than I ever knew.it before.
A bill on which the gieat measures of the Gov-
ernment ought to be discussed—a bill upon which
the whole policy of the Government ought to be
discussed—a bill, at least, in which we should
have an opportunity of knowing what money is
appropriated—is brought to us four days before
we are required to act upon it; and it is not
printed, or given to us, when we assemble here
for the purpose of acting on it. I do not remem-
ber what disposition was made of the proposi-
tion of the chairman of the Committee on Finance
at the commencement of the session, to which I
have alluded; but I trust that at future sessions
we shall have some security, some guarantee, for
the Government and people, that we shall be
enabled to legislate understandingly in regard to
the appropriations for the Government. We
certainly cannot do so now.
Mr. HUNTER. I will state to my colleague,
in regard to the proposition to which he lias
referred, that it was left to the discretion of the
Committee on Finance. We did report some
bills, and the Senate passed them, but they were
never take.n up in the House.
Mr. BAYiiliD. On the explanation which
has been given of this amendment offered by the
honorable Senator from New York, that it only
puts the reporters of the Senate on the same foot-,
ing with those of the House, I am disposed to
dispense with the call for the yeas and nays. I
