1856.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1155
making power, by forming a treaty, does not
necessarily make it a municipal law within the
respective countries who agree to it. That de-
pends on the structure of the Government, and the
nature and disposition of the powers of that
Government, in.our country the treaty, when
made by competent authority, becomes the law
of the land.
The Committee on Foreign Relations tell us in
their report that this provision of the Constitu-
tion was nceessary in order to bring the construc-
tion and execution of a treaty within the exercise
of the powers of the judiciary and Executive of
the United States. Be it so; I do not see how
that alters the case. It only gives a reason for a
clearly-expressed and plain provision of the Con-
stitution itself.
It is said that there is no power in our Govern-
ment to abolish a treaty, to rescind it, to make it
cease to operate as a treaty I do not suppose
that there is; but I insist that there is power in
this Government to repeal a treaty as a law oper-
ating on our own citizens, and when we pass an
act repealing it it will not operate any longer as
a municipal law. I hardly think that the Senator
from Delaware [Mr. Clayton] will insist that,,
when the act of 1798 declared our treaties with
Prance of 1778 and 1788 inoperative on the United
States, any citizen of the United States, when
called upon to choose whether he would obey
those two treaties or the law of 1798, was not
unquestionably bound to obey the law of Con-
gress Suppose that a treaty imposes duties on
our citizens, as was the case in the treaties with
France, and is the case here. There are certain
duties depending on the treaty. The treaty reg-
ulates them. Suppose Congress by its act decide
that those treaties shall no longer operate; it makes
no difference whether they do this in the exercise
of their judgment on moral principles, or for any
other reason. It is immaterial what is the origin
of the power, if it is a power which can be exer-
cised. I say that Congress has the power to re-
peal a treaty as a municipal law. It was done in
the act of 1798 in regard to the treaties with
France. "Was not that act of 1798 law to the
people of this country? Unquestionably it was.
I admit that an abrogation of a treaty by law
may be a breach of it. It is a breach of a treaty
when our people will not regard it; and the fact
that we pass a law to disregard it, only makes it
a stronger breach of the tueaty to be complained
of by the other country. Congress may give
such reasons as tfiey please for their law. Those
reasons may be well or ill-founded in fact. The
effect on our people as a municipal regulation is
not altered by those reasons being well or ill-
founded in fact. Congress declared in 1798 that
the treaties with France were abrogated, heeausc
they had been broken by the other side. As the
Senator from Delaware has stated, when wecame
to a new negotiation it was considered that we
had broken the treaty, and we were obliged to
pay for it by the arrangement made in 1800. That
does not touch the point on which I insist that a
treaty, as a municipal law, can be abrogated only
by the law-making power of the country. Under
our system, a treaty is a law to ourown citizens,
as well as a contract with a foreign nation. The
very fact that it is o law is a conclusive argument
why, when the treaty is to be dissolved and abro-
gated, it must be done by a law, unless by the
making a new treaty. There are these two ways
of doing it, and I know of none other.
I doubt very much whether a power can be
created by a treaty to dissolve that treaty in any
other way than that fixed by the Constitution of
the country, but the great point is, that this treaty
does not make any provision for any particular
body abolishing it by notice to the other party.
As has been well said, the question is, who is the
party to the treaty? Surely it is not the agent
of the United States who contracted the treaty;
but the party of whom the treaty-making power
was the agent—the United States. Unless it is
otherwise provided, the United States is under-
stood to act in its legislative capacity, and there-
fore the notice must be given by the legislative
power. Such arc my views in relation to this
point.
1 cannot but observe, sir, that the resolution
which was passed by the Senate, purporting to
authorize tins notice to be given,does not appear
on its face to be by the advice and consent ot the
Senate. As has been well said by others, if the
right of giving the notice was reserved to the
President, and Senate, as the treaty-making power,
it should be exercised in the proper method
pointed out by the Constitution. The resolution
does not say that the Senate advises and consents
to this act. It only says that the Senate author-
izes the President m his discretion to do it. That
is not advising or consenting. If the Senate have
power to dissolve the treaty, they are to exercise
their discretion directly. This attempt to turn it
over to the President, and authorize nim, in his
discretion, to do it, is not conformable even with
the argument that the treaty-making power might
properly be called into requisition in putting an
end to the treaty.
It seems to me that the whole matter has been
managed somewhat strangely. A notice was
given, which, it is said, caused the treaty to ex-
pire in April last. The committee say that that
was the end of the treaty. Now the committee
tell us that the time has been extended for sixty
days 
Mr. MASON". The committee have not said
so, that I am aware of.
Mr. COLLAMER. The chairman of the
committee mentioned it the other day.
Mr. MASON. The Senator will please to
understand that we learned—at least 1 did—by
conversation, and I think also it is stated in the
President's message, that notice had been given,
and that the treaty would terminate under the
notice on the 14th of April last, when the twelve
months would have expired. I have heard, as a
matter of information—it may be true or untrue;
I am disposed to think that it is true—that the
President has extended that term for sixty days;
but it has not been officially communicated to the
Senate.
Mr. COLLAMER. If the fact be as I under-
stand it to be, it is not very material whether it
has been officially communicated to us or not.
Plow is it that, when the notice has been given,
as is contended under the very terms of the treaty,
the President can, by any arrangement whatever,
extend that time, and revive the treaty, or con-
tinue it in force beyond the period fixed for its
termination? The forms and modes of doing that
cannot be material; the essence of the thing is that
the treaty is in force now. The President gave
the notice that the treaty should terminate with-
in a year; the time has expired; the year is out;
but yet it is said that the treaty has not expired,
because the President has given another notice'
of sixty days. I do not agree to the idea that
the President may give an indefinite notice to end
m six years or in ten years: but when he gives
a notice, the time runs from the giving of the
noticc, by the terms of the treaty. The treaty
fixes the "time—one year. If he gave the notice
properly, in accordance with his power, the treaty
must have expired, according to the views of the
committee, by its own limitation, in one year
from the date of the notice; how then can the
President extend it? Where does he get the
power to extend it? If it can be done at all, it
must be in.eileet a new treaty enlarging the time,
with the mutual consent of the two parties. We
should have had it here. We should have had
the consent of two thirds of the Senate to it.
There does not seem to have been any such con-
sent. It does not seem to have been viewed in
that light.
M 1 may be mistaken, but it seems to me that if
!; the grounds taken by the committee be well-
h founded, a new power has been created by the
11 making of this treaty, giving a new definition to
!! the word "party;" and after all, even that has
j| not been pursued, either in giving the advice, or
L in giving the direction. It has not been given in
.j that form by the resolution, nor has it been pur-
;> sued by the Executive.
ii It appears to mo that the position in which we
are placed leaves us in great difficulty on the point
mentioned by the Senator from Massachusetts,
in regard to the duties on commerce between the
two nations. There were discriminating duties
between Denmark and the United States. They
had a law for discriminating duties in relation to |
their own and foreign commerce. We have a >
statute, passed in 18:28. by which the President !
of the UnitedStates, by his"proclamation or order, j
if another country permits us to enter its harbors \
with the same duties on tonnage as their own {
bottoms, may allow their vessels to be admitted'
here on the same footing. That can be done by
treaty; by the treaty with Denmark we have these
reciprocal duties. # The moment that treaty is
ended, the discriminating duties are revived-ass a
matter of course. How", then, shall we treat this
matter? If we had had a law of the two Houses
by which this treaty was declared to be ended at
a particular time, the collectors of our ports would
have known how to levy their duties; but in the
present condition of things there may be a con-
flict; we have no such law. Now, what is to be
law operating on our officers for the collection of
duties?
When you undertake to say that, without the
making of a new treaty, the President and: Sen-
ate can alter the present treaty in its operation,
in relation to the citizens of this country, as a
municipal regulation, you are pursuing a course
inconsistent with the theory and principles of our
own Government.
Mr. CLAYTON. I rise only for the purpose
of making a remark in regard to the subject of
the discriminating duties, on which my friend
from Vermont has observed. It is true that by
the act of 1828 the President can reciprocate with
any foreign Government which lays discriminat-
ing duties on our commerce, and can take thosa
duties off their commerce, if they take them off
ours. We now lay no such duties on the com-
merce of any nation in the world. We have not,
for many years, collected any such duties. ' I
suppose that wo never shall collect any such
duties again. My friend from Vermont, however,
supposes that, in the event of the abrogation of
this treaty, there will be difficulty between us'and
Denmark in regard to discriminating duties, and
that we shall be compelled at once to abstain from
commerce with Denmark, unless these discrimin-
ating duties be paid. Why, sir, the moment the
treaty is abrogated, the first ship from Denmark
will undoubtedly bring information that no dis-
criminating duties are to be laid there, because
they would be ten times as much injured by
them as we should be. They would resort to
them as a matter of course, if it were to their
interest to do so; but when their interest is the
other way, there can be no doubt of their action;
and our President, under the power conferred' by
the act of 1828, could release such duties here.
There can be no difficulty on that ground, and'no
evils can result from the abrogation on this
giound. The only elTcct of abrogating the treaty
will be to get rid of the Sound dues.
Now let me say what I intended to say before,
but omitted—that the nations of Europe are look-
ing with a great deal of anxiety to the abrogation
of these Sound dues, which they cannot well
abrogate unless we lead the way. Nearly every
nation in Europe has bound itself by treaty, not
merely with Denmark, but with other nations,
preventing them from interfering to break up these
exactions. They constitute a nuisance—a nui-
sance which has grown up and continued for
hundreds of years. The custom originated in
the piracy of the Danes. The dues were exacted
originally because the Sound, running original^
through'Danish territory, (though now between
Denmark and Sweden,) enabled them to dontrol
the commerce of the northern seas; and, com-
manding the strait, to prevent every vessel from
entering the Baltic unless she paid them whatever
those pirates at thattime (for they were no better)
chose to exact. It has grown into a custom once
claimed as sanctioned by prescriptive, but now,
1 believe, founded on the alleged right of riparian
proprietorship. The dues collected by Denmark
annually approximate to two millions, or at least
a million and a half of dollars. The commercial
world hopes to be liberated from these exactions
by the movement of the United States. Prussia
and the Germanic States bordering on the Baltic—
indeed, all the States of Europe, are interested in
the passage of the Sound; an& every one of them
has to pay this tax on commerce in getting
through it. For what? Merely for keeping up
a nominal fortification, and a "few light-houses
along the Strait. The Strait is not less than three
miles wide. Denmark pretends to command it.
They could not command it if we chose to^ deny
theirright. The claim unquestionably originated
in fraud and violence, at a period whenthe Danes
were known all over Europe, and especially ia
England, as robbers and pirates. If we take the
