1856.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
420
pa
Qfc]
jars
\Ztih
of the Union, where it can be discussed, or to
the Committee of Ways and Means, where the
recommendation of the message can be actcd on.
Mr. GROW". The message throws out a sug-
gestion as to what Congress shall do in reference
to the action of the people of Kansas in the form-
ation of a State constitution; and at the end of
the message an appropriation is asked for, if
Congress shall choose to take action upon the
message. The subject belongs to the Committee
on Territories.
Mr. STEPHENS. If the message is referred
to the Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union, it can be discussed, and then such part
of it as asks for an appropriation can be referred
to the Committee of Ways and Means, and such
part as refers to other matters can be referred to
other appropriate committees. It should then be
■first referred to the Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union.
Mr. DUNN. I am not at all certain to what
committee that document should be referred, and
in fact so much confusion has.grown out of the
passage of the Kansas-Nebraska act, it is pretty
nard to toll where anything relating to that sub-
ject should be sent. The message which has
been brought to this House informs us of some
facts, to which it would be well for gentlemen to
turn their attention in determining what shall be
done with the document now under consideration.
Before referring to those facts let me invite at-
tention to some provisions of the Kansas-Nebras-
ka bill. That part of the act which relates
exclusively to Kansas referred, it is true, to the
Governor of the Territory entirely the determin-
ation of the time of the first meeting of the Legis-
lative Assembly. It is probable that a careful
examination or the question may show that his
power as to the place of meeting is qualified.
The seat of government of Kansas Territory is
temporarily fixed, by the act, at Fort Leavenworth.
The act authorizing the calling of the first Legisla-
tive Assembly says that the Governor shall fix the
time aiad place of the meeting of the first legisla-
tive body; but as the scat of government is tem-
porarily fixed at Fort Leavenworth, it occurs to
me now, that this place to be designated by the
Governor is to be understood as a place at Fort
Leavenworth. The message of the President inti-
mates such as the probable meaning of the act;
and from the little examination I have given the
subject, the present inclination of my mind is that
way; but the question is too important for hasty
conclusions.
Now, sir, having called attention to this point,
I ask gentlemen to consider another thing. This
message informs tis that Governor Reeder, in-
stead of convening the first Legislative Assembly
at Fort Leavenworth, called them together at Paw-
nee City, and the Legislature, a few days after
that meeting, adjourned to Shawnee Mission. The
Governor, when he was called upon to approve
the acts passed by that Legislature at this new lo-
cation, objected, and said that their acts were void
because they had left the place or forum provided
for by law. That, I understand, is the substance
of his objection. If that be true, then it may be
equally true that whatever occurred at Pawnee
City was also void, as being at a forum unknown
to the law. The whole matter, therefore, would
be void, if these objections obtain. Every step
would be void after the election which took place
under the first proclamation of the Governor.
That occurs to me now as the probable fact. At
any rate, these pointspresenta difficulty sufficient
to induce us to consider whether the message
should not go to that committee to which appro-
priately belongs the settling of legal questions—
to the law committee of the House.
Another difficulty may then arise. It is this:
whether, inasmuch as the authority of the Gov-
ernor in relation to the election, ana to the fixing
of the time and place of the first meeting of the
Legislature, was confined exclusively to the first
legislative body, if it shall be found to be true,
as I have suggested may be the case, that all
action subsequent to that first election is utterly
void, then can the Governor take any further
steps in any way for legislation m the Territory ?
Can any body do so but Congress? And is not
the Territory somewhat in the condition of a
protectorate, without any power of self-control
m the smallest degree? is it not wholly under
the guidance of the Governor and such other
officers as were appointed by the General Gov-
ernment in the first instance—entirely without in-
ternal power to escape from this embarrassment?
The question then is whether, if that is the pres-
ent condition of things, and the true history of
them, there will not have to be, in point of fact,
a new act passed here for the reorganization of
the Territory of Kansas?
It appears to me, therefore, that this matter
ought to go to the appropriate committee for set-
tling these questions of law. They are grave dif-
ficulties, and had better be gravely considered by
a committee designated with reference to a pre-
sumed legal ability. There are gentlemen of
decidcd ability on that committee, and my im-
pression is, that this matter should be investigated
by them. Whether these difficulties and objec-
tions are real and valid, I will not now undertake
to say; but I will say that they are of a very-
serious character, and ought to be well consid-
ered before we proceed to final action. For, sir,
if it be true that the change of forum or place for
legislative deliberation in this instance, made all
action void—as is perhaps the fact—then there
is no power in this Territory for any legislation
whatever, and we must commence anew. We
must retrace our steps; and, in my judgment,
that would be the best thing which could pos-
sibly be done, for it would relieve us from embar-
rassments of a very harassing and threatening
character—from embarrassments which that mes-
sage calls upon us to remove by force of arms,
and arms against our own people—our own flesh
and blood. Sir, I protest against the bayonet
being presented at the breast of my brother, un-
less m case of clear right and the highest neces-
sity. I will resist such a resort to the end, ex-
cept in just such a contingency, come from what
quarter it may. Let us first be satisfied that there
is a law to be enforced, and then we can consider
the recommendation of the President. Squatter
sovereignty is too vas;uo a rule to shed blood
upon. Let us have a law that has light in it to
guide us in so solemn a proceeding. That law
I am ready to aid in executing, but the wild edicts
of tumultuous violence, never.
Mr. OliR. I think, Mr. Speaker, that the
speech of the gentlenianfrotn Indiana [Mr. Dun**]
ought to satisfy the House thatth is message should
be referred to the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union. There are various matters
suggested in it—various recommendations con-
tained in it. It is impossible that a reference to
any one committee of the House could secure for
these recommendations the proper consideration.
Let the message be sent to the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union; let it be dis-
cussed there. Let the views which the gentleman
from Indiana lias hinted at this morning be elabo-
rated fully. Let the other side of tin; question be
heard. Let all the different views which may be
presented be submitted to the House. And then
let resolutions be offered referring the message
appropriately to the various committees who
should have charge of its several parts, and to
whom they may be appropriately referred.
Mr. DUNN. Will my friend from South Car-
olina indulge me ?
Mr. ORR. Certainly.
Mr. DUNN. Many of us, and perhaps most
of us, are deficient in the legal knowledge neces-
sary to a thorough understanding of the subjects
here. It is, therefore, in my judgment, important
that these difficulties which I have suggested,
lying at the very threshold of this matter as they
do, should be referred to, and be reported upon,
by that committee which is organized on account
of" its presumed familiarity with great and diffi-
cult legal questions—the Judiciary Committee.
Let us have the declaration of that committee as
to what is the state of things there; let us know
if there is a law in Kansas to resist, and is that
law resisted. If this is found to be true by our
law committee, then let the matter go to the Com-
mittee of the Whole, when we will be prepared
to understand the matter thoroughly by the lights
furnished by the Judiciary Committee. We will
be prepared, by the lights thus furnished, to act
unuerstandingly; and readily, no doubt, give all
needful aid to the Executive. We will know what
the law is, according to their judgment; and we
will have opportunities for examining the author-
ities which they may cite. That suggestionis all
that I wish now to make.
Mr. ORR. If the Committee on the Judiciary
should decide against the intimation which has
been thrown out by the gentlemanfrom Indiana,
I suspect that then the question would come into
the House at such a late period that other recom-
mendations would not be acted upon. Now, sir,
all the committees might be acting on the mes-
sage at the same time; and I submit, that even the
Judiciary Committee, as well as the other com-
mittees, will be in a condition, perhaps, to act
more satisfactorily to themselves and to tne House
after the questions shall have undergone elaborate
discussion here, in the Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union. I therefore hope, Mr.
Speaker, that the motion to refer the message to
the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union will prevail; and when we get it there we
can apportion it out as the recommendations of the
Executive require.
Mr. PENNINGTON. I rise simply to call the
attention of the House to the 95th rule, which
seems to me to indicate the proper direction of this
matter. That rule declares that it shall be the
duty of the Committee on Territories to examine
into the legislative, civil, and criminal proceed-
ings of the Territories, and to devise and report
to the House such means as in their opinion may
be necessary to secure the rights and privileges
of residents and non-residents. Now, sir, can
there be a clearer definition of the duty of a com-
mittee, or can there be a clearer direction as to
the course which this message ought to take?
Mr. HOUSTON. There is nothing more usual
than for messages to take the course proposed for
the message now under discussion. Messages
which come to the House of Representatives em-
bracing various subjects necessarily go to tho
Committee of the Whole on the state of tho
Union, for the reason that there they may not
only be discussed more fully and atgreater length,
without the restrictions of the rules of the House,
than they can be discussed in the House, but also
because they can be parceled out, and each com-
mittee may thus obtain the portion to which it is
entitled.
Now, in reply to my friend from Indiana, [Mr
Dunn,] the view presented by him is a very
strong one in support of the argument I have
endeavored to present. If the legislation ofKansas
is, as has been suggested, defective, that branch
of the message ought to go to the Judiciary Com-
mittee; they should take charge of it. But,
then, there are other parts which contain matters
that pertain to the legitimate jurisdiction of the
Committee on Territories, if legislation is to
arise out of that part of it, the subject should be
referred to the Committee on Territories for its
action. Then, sir, there is a portion which evi-
dently comes within the province of the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means, and which evidently
must go there for action. That portion which
asks appropriations must go to the Committee
of Ways and Means.
Again: I believe there is a portion of the mes-
sage which relates to the use of the military of
the country. That subject would have to go to
the Committee on Military Affairs, if any legis-
lation in regaid to it be necessary. So that this
message is precisely like the report of the Sec-
retary of War, for instance, which goes to the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union, as one of the documents accompanying
the President's message. When it gets there, it
is apportionedoutamong the committees to which
it appropriately belongs; so much of it as relates
to military affairs, to the Committee on Military
Affairs; so much as refers to the Territory itself,
to the Committee on Territories, &c.
Mr. DUNN. Will my friend allow me to in-
terrupt him for one moment ? The difficulty is
here: That message calls upon Congress to put
m the power of the President the Army of the
United States, to enforce certain laws and regula-
tions of what purports to be the Territorial Legis-
lature of Kansas. Now, sir, the message also
discloses, along with that recommendation, a
matter to which I have already alluded, m rela-
tion to a change of forum. "Well, sir, if it be
decided that this change of forum has the e-lfect
to render these Jaws nugatory, then are we to be
called upon to enforce laws that are nugatory
with all the military force of the Government?
That is the point.
And if the gentleman will afi©w me one single
