2080
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
August 11,
performing to the satisfaction of all. There is a
universal confidence in his integrity and ability
as a judicial functionary. Sir, these are rare
cpahiications. I do not speak of judicial func-
tionaries near the seat of Government, but in
distant provinces; they are entitled to the highest
commendation, and I can really see no objection in
the Constitution to a limited increase of his salary
in consideration of these extraordinary services.
Mr. WELLER. I can indorse, of my own
personal knowledge, every word that my friend
from Tennessee has said in regard to the character
of Judge Hoffman. There is no man who enjoys
the confidence of the community to a greater
extent than Judge Hoffman. Notwithstanding
that there have been charges made against other
tribunals, he has always stood above suspicion.
Now, if my friend from Ohio thinks the Con-
stitution is in the way, that can bp very readily
avoided. 1 could modify the amendment by pro-
viding that this district judge should be allowed
$4,000 for extfa services performed, and to be
performed in the adjudication of these land cases.
Surely to that my friend from Ohio would inter-
pose no objections.
Mr. PUGH. Where does my friend get the
idea of extraordinary services performed by judi-
cial officers?
Mr. WELLER. Since that office was created
there has been a board of land commissioners
constituted. In consequence of the organization
of that board an additional amount of labor has
been thrown on this judge—labor not contem-
plated under the laws as they stood at the time
when he accepted the office. I say that if, after
a judge lias accepted office a law be passed which
throws on his court ait extraordinary amount of
labor, justice and fairness require that you should
make some additional compensation for the labor
thus imposed. That is all that is proposed here.
As 1 said before, there are upwards of three hun-
dred land cases to be passed upon in this district
court. You have already made extraordinary
allowance to Mr. Inge, the district attorney, for
trying these cases in this court; and if the district
attorney was entitled to additional compensation
in consideration of the land cases being thrown
into his hands, undoubtedly the judge, who is
compelled to try and hear the cases, to listen to
the argument of the district attorney, should re-
ceive additional compensation.
Now, if that will obviate the objection of my
friend from Ohio, I shall propose to put it in that
form, that for extraordinary services performed,
and to be performed in the adjudication of these
land cases, he shall be allowed a compensation of
$4,000 in addition to his salary.
Mr. PRATT. I think this proposition is alto-
gether wrong. I agree with the Senator from
Ohio in his constitutional proposition. There is
certainly much more in it than seems to be thought
by those who oppose it. The Constitution of
the United States says, that the salary of the
judges shall be fixed, established, and shall not
be diminished during the period of their service,
which is for life. Now, I apprehend, that if you
say the salary of the judge of California for'the
years 1854 and 1855 shall be $4,000, you have
riot the constitutional power of making it,for ]8.jG
and 1857, $3,000, because you would be thereby
virtually diminishing the salary which the judge
had antecedently received.
I'ut, independent of that view of the subject, it
seems to me that it is altogether against the spirit
of the Constitution that we should give additional
gratuities to judges. A great object of the Con-
stitution was to secure to the judiciary entire,
absolute independence. It was to take from the
legislative branch of the Governmenfthe power
to suborn them by increasing their salaries for
temporary services or for a limited period. I
would much prefer to vote for a proposition to
give this judge an additional salary during the
period he shall hold his office, rather than to give
it to him in the form in which it is offered. It
must be apparent to every one, that, if you have
the power to say that for certain services which
ajudge has rendered, or shall render, you can
increase his salary, you have, independently of
any constitutional provision, and contrary to the
spirit of the Constitution, power to pay them by
the Legislature for any services which the Legis-
lature may desire them to do. Jn other words, <
you hava the power 6b make them dependent
on the Legislature, not for the salary, which is
already fixed, but they are as much dependent,
if they desire a greater salary, and you reserve the
power to give it to them for a temporary service,
as they would be, in the other contingency, by
your reserving the power to decrease the salary.
Mr. YfELLER. Will my friend from Mary-
land answer me this question? Does he think it
is a violation of the Constitution to declare that
this judge shall receive $4,000 in addition to his
salary, for services which he has performed and
is to perform in the adjudication of land cases?
Mr. PRATT. X think so, decidedly. I have
said so.
Mr. WELLER. I understood the Senator to
raise a constitutional objection to the amendment.
As I propose to make it now according to the
modification I have suggested, I desire to know
whether he has a constitutional objection to it in
that form ?
Mr. BAYARD. I have, whether the Senator
from Maryland has or not.
Mr. PRATT. My view of the Constitution
is, that it is against its spirit, that the legislative
department should have power to pay the judi-
ciary any additional sum unless you make it a
part of their salary and fix it for the residue of
the term, because otherwise you destroy the in-
dependence of the judiciary, tlere, for example,
is a judge whose expenses would require him to
have $20,000. If the legislative branch of the
Government have the power to increase thatsalary
for a limited period, ad libitum, they could give
him $20,000 as a gratuity; and they would have
in that way just as much power over the judi-
ciary as they would have by taking the authority
denied to them by the Constitution, of decreasing
the salary. I can see no difference. If you have
the power to induce the judiciary to be corrupt
by gtving them $20,000 as a gratuity for judicial
services, it would have as injurious an effect as it
would have for the Legislature to assume the
power to decrease their salary, which is expressly
forbidden bv the Constitution.
Mr. BELL, of Tennessee. I ask my friend
from Maryland, and also my friend from Ohio,
if they mean to place the judge of the district of
northern California in this application, on the
reason of the principle of the Constitution ? How
can they demonstrate that it tends to the corrup-
tion or diminution of the independence of the
judge, to add to his salary? Within the very
words of the Constitution, you may increase his
salary. How does it tend to subject him to the
condition of dependence upon the Legislature, if
Congress shall think proper to increase his sal-
ary, even tempoiarily, or pay him for extra
services ? I go merely upon the reason of the
thing. The Constitution prevents the Govern-
ment from decreasing the salary, because, under
the other provision of the Constitution by which
he holds his office for life, such a power would
be a mode by which the Government might
subdue him to a condition of corrupt depend-
ence on the will of the Executive, or Congress,
in the exercise of his office. Rut how can gen-
tlemen maintain that an additional allowance
for extra services, or a temporary increase of
salary, has any connection with the principles
upon winch the framers of the Constitution pro-
: eroded when they provided that the salaries
should not be diminished? A man accepts the
office, although it is a judicial office, upon the
same grounds and principles that every other
officer of the Government accepts his place. He
knows what are the ordinary duties to be per-
formed by him. They are prescribed by law.
They are fixed and certain. For any rneru ordi-
nary increase of the jurisdiction assigned by
authority of Congress, of course there would bo
no pretext for demanding extra compensation;
but when there is a duty cast upon him which
occupies perhaps half his time, and when his
appropriate duties fill up all the time that judicial
functionaries, under ordinary circumstances, have
the ability to devote, and an appropriation is
made by Congress for paying for these extra
services, upon what principle can it be said the
case comes within the reason or spirit of the Con-
stitution ? !
Mr. BENJAMIN My friend from Tennes-
see will allow me to suggest a view of this case,
in connection with what he now says. -Suppose
that, for the purpose of getting the judiciary
under our control, we gave them all inadequate
salaries, and then from year to year vote them
presents: as long as they perform their duties to
the satisfaction of the legislative departm^t of
the Government, they will get an annual vote of
an extra sum; but as soon as they cease to please
the Legislature, the Legislature stops the extra
appropriation. The result is the decided depend-
ence of the judiciary upon the Legislature, con-
trary to the theory of the Constitution, which is,
that the salaries of our judges shall be a fixed
sum. It is to be fixed by law, and the grant of
an extra compensation is a violation of the spirit,
of the order of the Constitution.
Mr. BELL, of Tennessee. I would yield to
the argument of no man, and the principles of
no Senator in this body, with more confidence
than to those of the honorable Senator from
Louisiana. According to those principles which
he has avowed so often, and so independently,
and so firmly here, no argument drawn from ex-
treme cases is entitled to the slightest weight.
Does the honorable Senator not remember upon
how many occasions—certainly upon one or two
—he has felt the propriety and necessity of urg-
ing such an ^argument as that ?*■ Is it entitled to
no weight ? The case put by the honorable Sen-
ator from Louisiana would imply such a condi-
tion of things in the national Legislature—such
a course of action on the part of the majority of
the Government of the United States, of the sen-
timent of the States and people, as would be
totally incompatible with the rendition of justice
to the minority. Does not the honorable Sen-
ator feel that there is some force in this view
of the subject—that it is not an extreme case? It
is not to be supposed. Whenever such circum-
stances shall arise in the country, the Govern-
ment will be unfit to be sustained by an en-
lightened and free people. It implies a state of
corruption upon the part of the minority, or tyr-
anny on the part of the majority, or both, totally
incompatible with the existence and maintenance
of a free and just Government. There is no force
in the argument, therefore, I infer, with great
deference to the honorable Senator. I have heard
him, with pleasure, speak of the force to be given
to extreme cases. They are never resorted to
except in extremity by the opponents of a meas-
ure.
This judge, standing as high as he does by
the admission of all parties, is no party man.
He stands there the administrator of justice be-
tween all parties and persons, between the Gov-
ernment and the citizen, and the citizen and the
Government. He has acquired the approval of
the whole population who had been witnesses of
his conduct; and the Government has cast upon
him a very arduous duty. I have heard nothing
from himself. I have had no communication
with him; though I do feel a deep interest in the
proper remuneration for a public functionary—
I a judicial functionary — situated as he is in the
midst of such an extraordinary temptation—doing
such justice to the judicial ermine as he has done,
and to the universal satisfaction of the people
who have looked upon him. No man, not even
an individual the most interested, has objected at
I all to the impartiality of the administration of
j his duty as judge; and that is a high encomium
j in these days, and under such circumstances as
I those in which he has been placed.
| Now, it is said there is danger of establishing
j the precedent of giving extra compensation for
1 every uncommon extraordinary duty. That is an
| argument which I think is not entitled to a great
! deal of consideration, and I say this in perfect
| deference to all the opinions and sentiments of
| gentlemen who have opposed this amendment. I
i hope the majority of the Senate will see sufficient
! reason for this amendment to vote for it.
j Mr. HALE called forthe reading oftheamend-
! ment as modified; and it was read, as follows:
j And that for extra services performed and to be performed
• by the district judge of the United States, in the adjudication
of land chums in the northern district of California, he be
! allowed and paid the sum of $4,000.
The amendment was rejected.
Mr. WELLER. I have another amendment:
That the proper accounting officers of the Treasury be,
and they are hereby, authorized and directed, in settling the
accounts of William H. Richardson, late United States
marshal of the northern district of California, to credit his
accounts upon the presentation of properly authenticated
vouchers therefor, with the gum of $3,175 40, being the
