1156
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 8,
'initiative, there is every reason to believe that we
shall be followed by the commercial nations of
the r.ivilbed world.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I desire to say but a very
few words on this question. Nearly everything
that I intended to say has been anticipated by my
friend from Georgia, [Mr. Toombs,] and I agree
with almost every word which he has uttered to
the Senate to-day. It appears to me that a great
deal of the difficulty which we feel upon this
question arises from our not .going quite far
enough back. I believe, so far as my recollection
at this moment extends, that this is the only Gov-
ernment whose Constitution is known to us, in
which the treaty-making power and the war-
making power are exercised by bodies differently
constituted. Under the old Articles of Confedera-
tion it was provided:
" The United States m Congress assembled shall have
the sole and exclusive right and power of determining on
peacc and war—of sending and receiving embassadors—
entering into treaties and alliances."
As the entire subject of the relations with for-
eign nations was, under these articles, vested in
Congress, in which the vote was given by States,
there could be no possible difficulty arising as to
the right to make or abrogate treaties, or to take
any stops which might lead to hostilities with
foreign Powers. But upon the formation of the
Federal Constitution, under which we now live,
it was deemed proper to separate (hose powers.
Hence, inmyjudgment, arises the difficulty which
we all now feci. The power to make treaties is
vested in the President, in those words:
" He shall have power, by and with the advice and con-
sent of the Senate, to make ueaties, piovided two thuds
of the Senators parent eoncui.*'
I think, with my friend from Georgia, that
when the Senate of the United States has con-
curred with the President, in making a tieaty, it
hasexhauRted the power conferred by this clause*,
and that, as regards the abrogation of the treaty,
two thirds of the Senate, with the President, are
totally without power, unless in the case of a
consent of the foreign Government agreeing, by
a new treaty, to annul the articles of the former
one, or to abrogate it. The moment that that
state of things ceases toexisijthe moment tluitjt
ia contemplated by this Government to act inde-
pendently of a consult given by the foreign nation ;
th& moment the proposition is made to abrogate
a treaty against the will of a foreign nation, you
begin to exercise a power which, in my judgment,
is a hostile power—a powor tending directly to
war; and by the Constitution of the United States,
the right to declare war, or to make reprisals, or
to grant letters of marque, is vested, not m the
President and two thirds of the Senate, but in
the Congress of the United .States. Everything
which is matter of contract between this and a
foreign Government, is vested exclusively in the
President and two thirds of the Senate. When
the question of contract ceases, the powor of the
President and two thirds of the Senate ceases
with that question of agreement, or contract, upon
any particular stipulation whatever.
Afy friend from Georgia illustrated this matter
in a manner which appears to me so clear that I
wonder that there can be any further doubt. The
case directly before the Senate is not one in which
it is proposed by a new treaty with a foreign
Power to put an end to treaty stipulations already
existing. Undoubtedly, as he says, it might have
been provided in the treaty that "the present con-
vention shall be in force for ten years from the
date hereof, and further until the end of one year
after the Government of Denmark or the Presi-
dent of the United States shall have given notice
of an intention to terminate the same;" but the
language of the treaty is, that it shall continue to
the end of one year after cither of the contracting
parties shall have given notice.
Now, by what possible perversion of truth can
it be pretended that the contracting party with
Denmark was the President and two thirds of
the Senate? That is a position which 1 cannot
understand. When I came into the Senate this
morning, my impressions were the other way;
and I listened with great attention to both my
friends from Delaware, because J must admit that
(although I did not have the advantage of hear-
ing the arguments of the Senator from Massachu-
setts) it appeared to me, from what 1V11 from the
Senator fjom New York, that the argument on
his side was unanswerable. I listened carefully,
for the reason that, my impression having been
first the other way, I am now thoroughly satis-
fied, after this discussion, that it is not in the
power of the President and two thirds of the Sen-
ate to put an end to this treaty by notice; that it
could not be done under any circumstances with-
out the consent of Denmark; and that consent of
Denmark, as contained in the treaty, is given,
not to its termination on notice by the President
and two thirds of the Senate—not upon notice by
the treaty-making power—but upon notice bvthe
opposite contracting party with Denmark. That
opposite con tracting party is the United States of
America. Unless we find in the Constitution
some power, in this particular instance, to the
President and two thirds of the Senate to act for
the United States of America, we must concede
at once that they cannot do it. The power in the
Constitution is precise to make a treaty. I dis-
agree altogether from the general maxim which
has been stated by my two friends from Del-
aware, that he who makes can unmake.
The illustration of my friend from Georgia is
conclusive. The President and two thirds of the
Senate act as agents—agents to make a treaty.
A man may very well be employed as an agent
to make a contract for another; bat when the con-
tract is made, his agency is at an end. To pre-
tend that because he has been vested by another
with power to make a contract for him, he thurcby
becomes vested with the power of undoing the
contract after it has boon mnde, is, t tluuk, really
a heresy m law and in politics. I must say that
L think the whole weight of the argument is in
favor of those who think that the Senate acted
unadvisedly in passing the resolution which was
passed in secret session last year; and I cannot
now, with my present views of the Constitution
on this subject, sustain that resolution.
Mr. CRITTEN DEN. Mr, President, it seems
to me that this is a subject for very grave consid-
eration on the part of the Senate. I confess that,
during tins session, no topic has been presented
to me that has left my mind more completely
without any satisfactory conclusion. The doc-
trines and questions which have been suggested
in relation to tlu.s subject are of vastly more
impoitance than the subject itself. The doctrine
may be applicable to a thousand cases; the doc-
trine is applicable to questions that may con-
stantly arise, under this Government, of the
greatest extent and the greatest consequence to
the nation. It ought to be settled with more con-
sideration than, perhaps, the want of consequence
in this subject can afford it now.
When the question with England, under a sim-
ilar treaty, in relation to the Territory of Oregon,
was before us, and when the decision of that
question in favorof giving notice to Great Britain
was almost certainly to be attended, m the form
in which that notice was first presented, with
war as a consequence, there was no thought of
disposing of the subject simply by the action of
the Senate and President. The resolution offered
on that occasion, with the assent of all, and with-
out any question whatever as to its .propriety—
without any doubt as to whether it belonged to
the Senate alone—was a resolution for notice by
the Congress of the United States. Here the
subject-matter is a small affair, yet it is of some
importance; and there seems to have been no
uuestion raised originally, but that, in regard to
this treaty, the Senate and the President might
dispose of it. That point is one of great magni-
tude, and Senators owe it to the places which
they occupy in this great Government to give it
a mature consideration.
A treaty under the Constitution is the supreme
law of the land, and is put upon the same footing,
in that respect, with statutes passed by Congress.
iK This Constitution, and the laws of the United
States which shall be made in pursuance thereof,
and all treaties made, or which shall be made,
under the authority of the United States, shall be
the supreme law of the land." It is said now,
that having become the supreme law of the land
by the operation of the Constitution, it can only
be repealed by the exercise of the whole legisla-
tive power of the Government as it exists m Con-
gress. The argument is a very plausible one;
but it seems to me not to be a very sound one.
I agree with my honorable friend from Delaware
fM.r. Bayafs.t>] entirely on that matter. It is a
law of the land, but that is an adventitious quality
annexed to it by the Constitution. It is still a
treaty; and it is because it is a treaty, that, under
the Constitution, it is the supreme law of the
land; but it does not follow that, like a statute, it
is repealable only by the Congress of the United
States. That same supreme law of the land may
be changed; may be altered; may be abrogated
by new treaties; and the moment it ceases to be
a treaty—which is its chief character—all its
incidents, all its constitutional and legal qualities,
are at an end; itvanishes as the shadow does with
the substance. The substance, the principal,is
the treaty; and its force, effect, or obligation, as
a statute or law of the United States, is a mere
incident, and goes with the principal. There ia
a case where plainly, by the terms of the Consti-
tution, a supreme law of the land maybe repealed
by the powers vested in the President and in the
Senate, by means of another treaty, varying or
abolishing the previous treaty. The new treaty
becomes a law of the land, and the other ceases
to be a law because it ceases to be binding as a
treaty. There is, therefore, no difficulty in that
view of the case.
The difficulty lies elsewhere. We all agree
that, by a new treaty, the old one may be abro-
gated. A great many gentlemen seem to think
that it can only be done by a new treaty; and that
even where a treaty contains in itself a provision
for its own termination by notice, that notice can
only be given in pursuance of a law passed by
Congress. Others think that the insertion of
such a provision in the treaty is a part of the
diplomatic power of the Government; and that the
notice which is provided for may be regarded aa
a part of the diplomatic power, and as a proper
subject for diplomatic power. I confess that this
view is a very plausible one—I cannot say that it
is altogether satisfactory. If, however, it is to
be regarded as a part of the diplomatic power,
merely incident to, and belonging to, and properly
to be exercised by, and properly to be acted upon
by, the PresidentandSenate, the question is, how
the Senate and President are to proceed in the
exercise of it ? In no view which I can take of
the subject, have wc proceeded regularly. Even
assuming that the power results to the President
and Senate, the question is, how is it to be exer-
cised? I suppose you must regard the coopera-
tion and concurrence of the Senate as necessary
to the act of the President. You have acted on
the subject, and by a unanimous resolution con-
ferred all your authority on the President to give
the notice. The President has given it, and the
yoar has expired. If it could be done, and done
efficiently, by the President and Senate, and if it
has been done by the President on your proper
concurrence, what authority had the President to
prolong the time sixty days, or any number of
days? Certainly, in this act of the President, he
has gone beyond the terms of your resolution.
It \vras to authorize him to give the notice which,
by the terms of the treaty, was to have its effect
at the expiration of twelve months. The Senate
never considered,and never decided, as to the fur-
ther question of the power of the President to pro-
long that term of twelve months. He has done
so. The year expired on the 14th of April last; we
are here m the month of May.
Now what is the condition of that treaty? If
the President could not, by his own act, term-
inate the treaty; and if the Senate could give
him power to terminate it, then, by the concur-
rent authority and concurrent action of both, it
was terminated; but yet the President has said to
the foreign Government: " It is not terminated;
you shall have sixty days more; a time fone-
flection; a time for compromise and negotiation."
Where do we stand now ? What is the inter-
national law between us and Denmark, in relation
to the Sound dues? Are we liable, under the
treaty made with Denmark, to pay the dues for
the payment of which that treaty stipulates, or
are we not? Is not this a most strange and sin-
gular sort of ambiguity in the relations of the
two countries, as it regards their whole com-
merce? I think it is.
Mr. President, I wish now to say a word in
another aspect of this subject. It seems to me
that the only way in which to sustain this power,
as one that can be rightfully exercised by the
President and Senate, as a part of the diplomatic
power of the country, is to consider a notice
