430
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[April 23,
34th Cong.... 1st Sess.
Naval Retiring Board—Mr. Houston.
Senate.
this occasion; for more than five years ago it was
designed to consummate this work, and bring
about this " reform" in the Navy. We may go
back, in my opinion) to the period when this oc-
currence took place on board the Ohio, and such
was Commodore Hull's opinion, as I think you
will deduce from what I have read.
What kind of impartiality was exercised by
the board? Could men act impartially under
such circumstances ? Did they know with any
degree of certainty the character of half the offi-
cers upon whom they acted? But what have
they done? Mark you, they had prepared a
register a year before. They had been figuring
and engineering on this subject. Some of these
gentlemen the year before had drawn deductions,
relying confidently on the consummation of this
work, and I have no doubt a work of most ini-
quitous character. It was stated by the honorable
Senator from Florida, that there was no harm in
these gentlemen dotting the register, and that there
was no harm in the congress that was held in Com-
modore Skinner's office, which I narrated in my
former speech. It was before they were appointed
members of the board, but not before they knew
that they would be appointed and indorsed; and
because they were unapproachable they were
placed above all responsibility and all law! The
■election of one of them was a guarantee to any
act which they might indorse! They were ap-
pointed by the President and the Secretary of the
Navy, and their conduct is not to be questioned !
What does the honorable Senator himself say,
■who is the chairman of the committee ? He says
he has no doubt that it was perfectly just and right
that they should do—what? That they should
retire, furlough, and drop, just as they did. Prom
•what do you suppose he deduces that fact? Why
he says that the year before he made a calculation
himself—not being an officer of the Navy, not
being personally acquainted with the Navy,living
at Pensacola, where a few ships touched annually
—and that out of one hundred whom he marked
ninety-nine were dropped or retired. Do you
think there had never been any conclave sitting
here, ordaining who should be dropped or retained,
long before the bill was passed—dropping men,
not because they were inefficient, but because their
places were supposed to be necessary either to
members of the board, or to friends and relatives
who were to be promoted by the removal, retir-
ing, or dropping of these gentlemen ? Is it fair
that men should thus be stricken down with every
evidence of interest on the part of those who did
the act? Should the country be thus essentially
injured without redress? Is there to be no jus-
tice, no sympathy, nothing but taunts and inso-
lence to the unfortunate, and those who are
stricken down without demerit ?
Sir, the honorable Senator, the chairman of the
committee, spoke of officers who were dropped,
and officers who were disrated, occupying a place
in the gallery—audiences by prearrangement—
when I spoke. I believe it was repeated by the
Senator from Delaware, [Mr. Clatton,] though
it is not to be fotind in his speech, that the ladies
of those officers were here. What a high crime
«n the part of men who have been stricken down
and dishonored!
Mr. MALLORY. The Senator does not mean
to misrepresent me I know, but I desire to call
hit attention to the fact that I made no such
remark. Although I have never seen the notes :
of what I did say on the occasion to which he
alludes, and never read the report, I am confident ]
that he will not find that I alluded to any officers
furloughed, retired, or dropped, being in the gal- 1
leries. I did say that when I saw the galleries,
on the occasion referred to, I knew what was to
come. That was my remark I did not refer to
any officers being there.
Mr. HOUSTON. I suppose the honorable
chairman of the Naval Committee means that the
whistle was to come. I did not intend that at
the time myself, so that he knew more than I did.
I perceive that was a misfortune forme. I wish I
had never learned to whistle, [laughter,] but I
might have learned to blow a trumpet. Trumpet-
ing and whistling were coupled together in the
letter to Thorburn, and I might have illustrated it
very well without whistling, by blowing a trum-
pet. {Laughter.]
If the distinguished Senator did not refer to
that, the Senator from Delaware did. Have men
no right to entertain anxiety for their sullied
honor, for their blighted prospects, for their dis-
honored name ? May not the partners of their
woes and joys—the mothers of their children—
the companions of their cares—who feel inter-
ested in their honor, be permitted to sympathize
with their sorrows? To forbid this, would be
worse than the worst despotism. It is a tyranny
that chains the mind, and renders the freedom of
limbs a reproach to the possessor. What woman
would not feel for a husband—she whose anxious
care, whose deep solicitude, has pursued him
when tossed on the billows of the ocean, when
borae before the fury of the storm, when strug-
gling in the battle breeze ? Is she not to be per-
mitted to feel for that husband? I pity the Gov-
ernment that can forbid such feelings, and its
Senators who forget their duty to them^lves.
I have not the pleasure of seeing in his seat at
this n^ment my friend, the Senator from South
Caroma, [Mr. Buti.er,] but we have had, on
several occasions, little spats on the floor, always
awakening some new and pleasant emotion in my
heart towards him. Sometimes he is a little sharp
and razorish in his remarks; but still I like him.
That Senator and myself, I am proud to say, on
this occasion concur in opinion. I have always
admired the gallant State of South Carolina. If
there is pure and unadulterated chivalry in the
world, you will find a portion of it in South
Carolina, in the descendants of the Huguenots.
Sir, a noble son of South Carolina has recently
been tried in every station. He has performed
feats of valor that neither corsair, nor command-
er, nor sailor, has rivaled in the last five cen-
turies. I allude to Rolando. His generosity is
only equaled by his sterling and indomitable
courage. His bearing is that of a gentleman, and
his courage the flint—it always reflects the fire
when brought in contact with steel. When the
poor, miserable Chinese were perishing, and when
all the ship's crew dared not offer assistance,
Rolando volunteered, and saved five hundred and
thirty out of six hundred. In a few moments
more they would have perished. He rescued them;
and in two successive fights with the pirates he
performed feats of courage the most daring and
unexampled in modern warfare. He was stricken
down; and, as an apology for that, what is pre-
sented ? An insinuation is brought against liim
by the venerable Senator from Delaware. I wish
he were here. What did he say ? That the re-
ports of his shipmates, or the officers of the ships,
would justify the finding of the board. They
were all retained, and my inference would be,
that it was a mistake in the board to retain any
of them, if they condemned Rolando. Formerly,
if unequivocal charges of delinquency and crime
were furnished, men were stricken from the rolls,
and the act was never called in question. It is
different now. Ah! sir, he had excited the envy
of these men. None would be willing now to put
their chivalry or valor in competition with his.
I hope it will never be done. I want reason; I
want legislation; I want national justice to restore
these officers to their proper places; but I wish no
bloodshed; I would discourage it; but if it rested
on that test I should feel assured of the capacity
of those who have been stricken down.
But now an insinuation is made against Ro-
lando. When I called upon the Senator from
Delaware, and asked him to state the facts, he
said, " Call on his brother officers—call on his
captain; he will sustain what I say of him." !
Still further, he said it was all I would get; bufit '
would justify the board in their finding. That is i
whatlcallbrandingamanwithaninnuendo. The ]
venerable Senator was not willing to exhibit the
arrow, but he waswilling that the poison should
be infused into the wounds of Rolando's insulted i
feelings—he was willing to attack his honor and !
reputation. He would not name the facts; but he J
referred us to officers at Norfolk, as if a Senator
could rise on this floor and go on the wings of I
the wind to Norfolk and get the hearsay of offi- i
cers who had been with Rolando, and who had
filed, in compliment to the Department or the offi-
cers of the board, some censures on him. In the
Senator's innuendo there is not one word of truth.
If I catch a man m one mean thing, I am willing
to extend my suspicion to everything that he
does. The course of tho Senator on this point
reminds me of a story which I heard of a man-
ufacturer of Bologna sausages. An individual
j had a habit of loafing about his premises and
eating his sausages until he became very trouble-
some, and the manufacturer thought it proper to
give him a gentle intimation that he was rather
[ too familiar, and that his services could be dis-
j pensed with. He went off, and immediately
slandered the establishment. The manufacturer
being informed of it, called upon him and told
him that he had heard he was telling stories about
his " sassenger" establishment. [Laughter.]
He said, " I understand you have reported that
my Bologna 'sassengers' are made of dog's
meat." [Laughter.] He replied, " I never re-
Forted any such thing." Well, said the man,
am exceedingly glad of it, because I heard that
you had done so; but if you say that you have
not, it is sufficient. He said, " I did not say it,
but I will tell you what it was that I did say. I
said that where Bologna sassengers weie plenty,
dogs were scarce." [Laughter.]
Now, Mr. President, how was it with the ven-
erable Senator from Delaware ? He would not
say directly that Rolando was intemperate, but
he insinuated that he was, because that was the
charge against him. He was willing on that in-
sinuation to ruin his prospects. I have the ploas-
j ure of an acquaintance with that gentleman, and
I know no more gallant man. I have seen him
in the prime of life, and I consider him to pos-
sess all the efficiency requisite for a sailor of the
highest orderj£>ut he has been stricken down.
But, sir, the venerable Senator went further,
and alluded to the case of Lieuteuant Maury.
I received a letter this morning, to which I beg
leave to refer, as it is usual in the Senate to allude
to letters which members receive. A gentleman
who had seen some of the speeches in the Senate
on this subject—perhaps those of the Senators
from Georgia—said, in writing to me, that he had
perused those speeches with great pleasure; and
remarked, further:
" I see that they have adverted to Lieutenant Maury, and
that he has been one of the victims of this board who haa
been struck down. X have never seen him; but I have con-
sidered his fame as coextensive with the world; and I have
looked upon him as the first officer of the American Navy,
and my friends all around me think so too."
That was his opinion; and I venture to say it
is the opinion of the country at large; but this
board of fifteen, in their small dimensions, did
not think so. Of course they could not envy
Lieutenant Maury; for we are told by the ven-
erable Senator from Delaware that they retained
gentlemen of superior science to Lieutenant
Maury ! Of two of the scientific gentlemen who
i have been retained, to whom he alluded, I take
I great pleasure in speaking, because I have respect
I for them; and I will give my reason for not men-
tioning the others.
I have respect for Gibbon and Herndon. They
have contributed to science and to the honor ana
usefulness of their country. I have no objection
to interpose to the assertion as to the retention
of scientific men, so far as regards those two cases;
but I cannot consent to include others who have
been receiving official preference and favor, and
who have been promoted by the action of this
board, or had a hand in it. It is immortality
enough for them that they were endorsed by the
" immortal fifteen." They have passed the ordeal
of the slaughter-house of reputation. Let that
be their indorsement. What I say, humble as I
am, is to become history, and I will not give them
immortality by stating their names. They do
not deserve it, and I will not do it. They may
look for fame to what the venerable Senator from
Delaware said of them; though I believe he has
i no indorser; but as it was his " sincere testi-
mony," I suppose it will pass current. [Laugh-
ter.] They are the men who happen to be re-
tained.
I am perfectly aware of what has produced this
excitement. I have not had persons contributing
to my means of information who had access to
the Navy Department. I have not had such per-
sons to run to the Department for me and obtain
every musty document that would assail the rep-
utation of any man. But, Mr. President, when
