1856.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
491
34th Cong 1st Sess.
Naval Retiring Board—Mr. Houston.
Senate.
you compare the documents which I have read
and the evidence on which I relied, with that in-
troduced by the venerable Senator from Dela-
ware, I think the inference must fairly be drawn
that I am less obnoxious to the charge of having
used a drag-net than that Senator himself. How
has he assailed Maury ? He has gone back for
fifteen years. I can very well understand the
object of the venerable Senator in that. He did
not intend to insult the Senator from Tennessee,
[Mr. Bell,] who had tajfen an interest in Maury's
case. He read from a speech which I had made,
where I said that 1 had been Maury's patron, and
was proud of it. Sir, I am, I was, I will be,
proua of him ! I feel that he has been wronged;
and I hope that he will be redressed, and that the
country will be benefited by honoring him with
what he deserves.
But what has the venerable Senator from Del-
aware done ? Was it necessary for the exam-
ination of any matters connected with the action
of the board, that lie should present what he did
present in regard to Lieutenant Maury ? I did
not go into the personal affairs of Mr. Du Pont
or other gentlemen; but he went into the personal
affairs of Mr. Maury. He commented on the
present salary of Lieutenant Maury as if he were
not entitled to it by law. He spoke of the vege-
table garden, the kitchen, and the cart-horse
allowed him. The Senator traveled over every
intermediate step, beginning at the pedestal of his
fame, and going down to the very mud of his
garden. That was to assail and mortify the feel-
ings of that man who honors his country. As
Franklin contemplated and grasped the philoso-
phy of the clouds and tamed the fierce lightning
of heaven, so Maury has fathomed the ocean, and
controlled by his calculations the fury of the
storm and the violence of the tempest; he has
mastered the waves of the ocean and played fa-
miliar with her name. Can the Senator tarnish his
name ? Never, never; the attempt to do it will
only make the country suffer.
Sir, the name of Maury is endeared to every
American heart. It is a name that will live as
long as the odium which attaches to the inquisito-
rial action of the retiring board shall be remem-
bered; and that will be forever. If the venerable
Senator from Delaware had only confined him-
self to the use of a drag-net on these officers, and
had not employed official scavengers and pinips
to minister to his appetite, and enable him to as-
sail Maury as he has done, it would have been
well for him.
But, sir, what is the tremendous influence that
is brought to sustain this board ? Look at it.
There is the Executive of the nation. What has
he done? Has he not indicated the strongest
disposition possible to sustain the board ? What
has the Secretary of the Navy done ? Has he
not imitated the example ? Are there not many
things contingent on the confirmation of the nom-
inations here made ? I suppose, when some indi-
viduals were taken off, it was said to them " My
dear fellows, be contented; do not be anxious; do
not be like these rude men, these noisy fellows
around here; we will take care of you; you will
be provided for." If a midshipman is wanted,
they say they cannot do anything until we con-
firm the nominations sent to the Senate. On that
hangs everything. There is. an influence which
is now suspended over the Senate, andwer the
destiny of this nation. Is it not tremendous?
With the patronage of the Government, this is a
Herculean influence—one dangerous to the liber-
ties of the country. All these appliances are to
be brought to bear upon us. Sir, 1 shall resist
them, and I indorse the expression of my friend
from Georgia, [Mr. Iverson,] who said that he
would rot in his seat before he would ever vote
for the confirmation of one of these nominations,
until justice shall be awarded to the officers who
have been wronged.
It is very strange that the venerable Senator
from Delaware should have referred to Jefferson's
action in the reduction of the Navy about 1801,
when it was determined that he should retain but
nine captains. 1 do not recollect the particulars
of the case, but he was to retain a certain num-
ber. Mr. Jefferson retained two more. It is said,
however, that he reduced the Navy at his own
jption. True; but Congress had passed a law
for that purpose, and Mr. Jefferson did nothing
selfish in the matter; he acted for the good of the
country. He used a large discretion, because he
retained two more officers than were provided for
in the law. There is a discrepancy between the
record and the law, but the inference is that Mr.
Jefferson deemed it indispensable to the service,
and exercised adiscretion which had been through
courtesy awarded to him.
I come now to the case of Captain Stribling.
I have no disposition to assail any gentleman;
but he has obtruded himself here. He'was a !
member of the board, and I hold him account- j
able, as I do its other members, for its action;
but let us see whether his conduct comes up to ;
the standard necessary to determine the merits of'
others. When I last spoke on this subject, I I
charged him with one fact, on the evidence fur- >
nished me by an official record—the report of the i;
inspecting officers at New York. I only read a
report, and fairly commented on it. He rendered
an excuse, which I also read. Whatdid it amount
to? Nothing—less than nothing. It was no
apology; and yet the Secretary of the Navy was
perfectly willing to receive it—in the way in
which it was intended—as a blind. If any man
of common sense—any sailor will compare the
facts reported there with the duties of an officer,
he will be satisfied that Captain Stribling did not
discharge his duty as an officer ought to have
done; and that his ship was neither in an efficient
condition, nor in properorder to sustain the honor
of the country's flag, if it had been assailed. The
ship might have been sunk before he could dis-
charge a gun. ,
How is it with Captain Pendergrast? I was
struck with the analogy between what both
Captain Pendergrast and Captain Stribling alleged
as reasons for the condition of their ships. I will
show here—andanypersoflk'ill find it who chooses .
to examine the explanation given by Captain
Pendergrast when he was in charge of the Sar-
anac in the West Indies—that he does not deny
one solitary fact. He breaks out in expressions j
implicating Lieutenant May, but does not answer !
a solitary charge which is brought against him; i
nor does he explain his conduct. He merely II
says that he did not do what he ought to have J
done, because he thought so and so. He did not
drill his men for lire, nor train them for anything 1
but passing powder. They all passed powder
well. But what is powder without ball and with-
out the other facilities which give efficiency to its
use? 1 will read what Lieutenant May said in
regard to Captain Pendergrast. On these charges
he was never arraigned—never tried. This is a
key to open the mysteries of the Navy Depart-
ment, and it will show why reform has been
necessary, and where the default was, and where
the error originated and now exists. Lieutenant
May, as far back as the 13th February, 1852,
says>
" I have to charge Commander Pendergrast with neglect-
ing and failing to put this ship, the Saranae, under his com-
mand, in fighting order; and also, in the important arrange-
ment against fire, neglecting to muster the crew at stations.
From June 10,1851, the day Commander Pendergrast took
command of this ship, till the 24th day of December, the
crews of the guns were exercised but once, (as the log-book
will show,) and that only time was on the 1st day of Sep-
tember, a few days out from Norfolk, on the passage to the
Havana. Thus, it will be seen, that in the period of longer
than six months, or one hundred and ninety-six days, the
guns' crews were drilled at great gun exercise but once, and
from the 10th day of June until January 19,1852, the ship's
company were not once mustered at tire stations, and on
that day, the 19th, were mustered for the first time, from
the fact, it may be presumed, that on the previous evening
the alarm of fire had been raised on board the ship. These
startling facts speak for themselves; the log-book of the
ship, and the testimony of the officers, will bear me out in
them; and if anything could make more culpable such
unprecedented neglect, such apathetic indifference to the
condition and efficiency of the ship, jj is the fact that at this
very time we were engaged in a delicate and responsible,
charge growing out of the Cuban difficulties, at any moment
liable to have involved us in difficulty or collision; and, of
later date, in the same unprepared state, we sailed from
Pensacola for San Juan de Nicaragua to investigate the
Prometheus difficulty, which, happily for the credit of this
ship, was peaceably settled."
He never was called to account on these charges.
Whether true or false, it was the duty of the
Secretary of the Navy to bring him to trial. They
were substantiated by a respectable officer, whom
for some reason the board retained on the active
list; so that he has an indorsement by them; and
yet these charges still remain in the Navy Depart-
ment.
Mr. Houston here gave way to a motion to
adjourn.  
Tuesday, Jlpril 24,1856.
Mr. HOUSTON said: Mr. President, when tha
Senate adjourned yesterday upon the motion of
my friend from Tennessee, [Mr. Bell,] I was
engaged in making some remarks in reference to
certain charges preferred against Captain Pender-
grast by Lieutenant May, of the United States
Navy. Those charges were of a most grave and
imposing character. They remained in the De-
partment, and are yet there upon file; they were
never withdrawn. No action was ever taken upon
them. They should have been adjudicated. They
were preferred by an officer of high character and
reputation in the Navy of the United States. It
cannot be charged that he is one of those disaf-
fected towards the board; it cannot be said that
chagrin and mortification have influenced him;
for he has been retained on the active list of the
Navy, and is now in commission in active ser-
vice. These charges were of a most grave and
important character. Captain Pendergrast was
charged with being deficient in every point of his
duty. He had failed in the exercise of his crew.
He had failed in every part of his duty that was
calculated to give efficiency to his command and
efficiency to the Navy of the United States. With
all these charges staring the Secretary of tha
Navy in the face, he selected him as one of the
members of this retiring board. He was ono
of the individuals who was to determine oil th*
merits and demerits of his fellow officers, not
merely those who were subordinate to him in
position and rank, but he was to pass upon those
who stood before him on the list of the Navy. H*
was placed above all responsibility; he was not
accountable for his action to any one; nor was
he acting under the ^obligations of an oath to
discharge his duty upon that board according to
law or according to conscience. He was not re-
stricted to any other rule than than that of caprice,
or whim, or prejudice.
We find that, notwithstanding all these charges
were before the Secretary, he indorsed Mr. Pen-
dergrast as a gentleman of high honor, and placed
him in this high position, irresponsible to the law
or to the Constitution. Sir, it was not considered
necessary that he should arraign the individuals
upon whom he passed judgment. They were to
have no hearing. There was no investigation of
their case, except that which took place in this
secret tribunal—this secret inquisition.
Mr. President, if there were no other reasons
for condemning the action of this board, and sub-
jecting it to repeal or revision by the Congress
of the United States, the very character of it, its
secrecy, the irresponsibility of its members, and
all the attendant circumstances, make an appeal
to the justice and judgment of the Senate and
Congress of the United States. Though they
have received the indorsement and approval of
the Secretary of the Navy and the President, they
stand before this body subject to its investiga-
tion, consideration, and action. If achargewas
made against a pirate the most abandoned, whose
hands had been a thousand times washed in ths
blood of innocence, who had violated every law,
human and divine, who had set himself up as
the avowed and common enemy of mankind—if
he had lived and acted, and perpetrated crimes
under the black flag and the human bones painted
red to display the profession which he followed,
he would have been entitled to an examination,
he would have been favored with a trial, he
would have been arraigned and brought before a
tribunal where he could confront the witnesses
against him, and where counsel would be ac-
corded to hinv,
One of the officers who received a blow from
this tribunal had twice triumphed over pirates;
he had rescued commerce from their depreda-
tions, and human beings from butchery by their
barbarous hands. I alluded to him, yesterday,
as one who had- performed most gallant feats.
He was struck down by this board, dishonored
in the early prime of manhood and efficiency,
without a hearing, a trial, or arraignment; when
the very miscreants from whom he redeemed
