THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
August 11.
f
b
no contempt whatever. If there -had been no
law on-the subject—if-this question had not been
before Congress—if the House of Representa-
tives as weffas the-Senate, knowing theevil, had
not passed a law for the very purpose of pro-
hibiting the very a&t which is done, then l should
consider, of course, that it was notfor-me to in-
terfere with,the -contingent expenses of the House.
Nor would I do it in any cither case; but a law
has been passed for the express purpose of pro-
hibition, and it is a plain and palpable- violation of
that law on the part of the Ilouse when they
passed this order.
Mr. TOOMBS. If the Senator from Ohio had
listened to'the report of our Library Committee,
.lie would have seen that the ground he has taken
is untenable. The joint resolution which passed
the House was to distribute certain books. It went
to the appropriate committee here, and they re-
ported to give them all the books that were in ex-
istence, but struck out those which were not in
existence, and for which it was well known (and
it is very discreditable to the American Congress,
either the Senate or the House) members got a
money commutation. There is a very high prin-
ciple involved in this matter. The Constitution
says no money shall be appropriated except by
law. We have uniformly, from the beginning of
the Government, allowed a fund for contingent
expenses; but it is my deliberate judgment that
the contingent expenses Of both branches of Con-
fess have transcended the object, and have
een disgraceful to both branches. Look at
them. Formerly they were|30,000, then §60,000,
and so on until we have gof hundreds, and thou-
sands, and millions of dollars. It is a fraud on
the Constitution. If the Constitution says that
no "money shall be drawn for this purpose but by
law, and then each honorable takes money out of
the contingent fund, and makes you vote for the
contingent expenses, it defeats the Constitution.
This is done with that view. The Senate have
passed unanimously a resolution that they will
not allow money commutation in lieu of books.
Then it is proposed to do tills indirectly, under
the pretext of paying out of the contingent ex-
penses of the House. We know there is not a
word of truth in it.
1 thank the Senator from Delaware for bring-
ing it before the country. The resolution is not
to distribute books among the members. It is to
distribute some books and some money; for the
fact is undeniable, that some of these books have
no existence. It is a means to get over the Con-
stitution, and it ought to be arrested. I do not
mal'e a charge against the House of Representa-
tives; I will not interfere with them; but I will
not surrender my constitutional control over the
Treasury of the United States from courtesy. I
cannot do it. It is wrong. Can you allow them
to vote themselves money to fix their own com-
pensation ? The Constitution says Congress shall
fix the compensation. You aretAlIowing them to
increase their compensation, as~is m fact shown.
The report of the committee very clearly showed
how this business commenced. We published
eome works which were necessary for the Gov-
ernment to publish—the American State Papers
and others. I think G-overnment ought to have
done so; private individuals could not publish
them. Thousands of them were lumbering up
the librat y. U was suggested by somebody that
the books had better be distributed to members
of Congress, and go among the people. It was
done; but when the books are exhausted, to go
on with the system is a fraud.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 32, nays 2; as follows:
Yi'JAS—.MesM's. Bayard, liotl of Tpmiesdeo,benjamin,
Higg-J, Bifc'ler, JSright, Cass, Clay, Dodgi., Hurkec, IVii,
KiUpAluck, Foster. Hale, Harlan, Hojston, Hunter, Jones
•f Iowa, Mallory, Peuict;, Piatt. Reid, Sebastian, Suward,
SjwlelJ, Thomson of Now J craw, ToomDs, Trumbull. Wade,
Weller, Wilson, and VVrighty—3-J.
NAYS—Messrs. Pu^h, and Yulee—2.
So the amendment was agreed to.
he bill was reported to the Senate as amended.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Will the Sen-
ate concur in the amendments made as in Com-
mittee of the Whole ?
Mr. HUNTER. I desire to except one private
claim offered by the Senator from New York.
«rru ? made as in Committee of the
whole, with the sxeep&iori. wwe concurred in.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The question
now is on agreeing to the amendment in relation
to J. Hosford Smith, consul at Beirut.
Mr. SEWARD. I think that amendment is
entirely misunderstood. It is the mere payment
of a salary.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The question
is on concurrence in this amendment.
Mr. BIGGS called for the yeas and nays; and
they were ordered.
iMr. BIGLER. I understand this is for a sal-
ary, and not a deferred claim. I shall vote for it.
Mr. WELLER. The Senate voted down my
amendment, on the ground that it was a private
claim; but two wrongs will not make one right,
and I shall vote " yea."
The question being taken by yeas and nays, re-
sulted—yeas 13, nays 19; as follows:
YJBAS—Messrs. Bell of Tennessee, Bigler, Dodge, Dur-
kee, Fish, Foster, Hale. Harlan, Seward, Trumbull, Wade,
Weller, and Wilson—13.
NAYS—Messrs. Bayard, Benjamin, Digg.«, Bright, Brod-
head, Clay, Fitzpatrick, Houston, Hunter, Jones of Iowa,
Mallory, Pratt. Pugh, Reid, SUdell, Thomson of New Jer-
ses, Toombs, Wright, and Yulee—19.
So the amendment was non-concurred in.
Mr. WELLER. I desire to renew the motion
I made in Committee of the Whole in regard to
the salary of the judge of the southern district of
California. I move to increase it from $4,000 to
§4,500, for the reason which I have given in com-
mittee, that that would be no more than justice
to that officer. The salary of the northern judge
being $5,000, the salary of the southern judge
ought to be $4,500.
The question being taken, on a division thor< 
were—ayes 14, noes 16; no quorum voting.
Mr. WELLER called for the yeas and nays;
and they were ordered.
Mr. BAYARD. What is the amendment?
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. In the clause
for compensation to the judge of the district court
for the southern district of California, to strike
out " £4,000," and insert " $4,500."
Mr. BAYARD. I understand this is to increase
the amount allowed by the Committee on the
Judiciary. I was not present at the committee's
deliberations on that suhject. A sum was allowed
by the committee* after considering the whole
question. Without some potent reason given to
me for it, I cannot consent to depart from the
recommendation of the committee. I must vote
against it.
Mr. BIGGS. Unless I am mistaken, the $4,000
appropriation was an amendment to tlio bill, on
the motion of the Senator from Georgia, reported
from the Committee on the Judiciary.
Mr. TOOMHS. Yes, sir.
Mr. BIGGS. That we have already adopted;
and it seems to me, therefore, to be out of order
to move to amend it.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. That amend-
ment was ottered in Committee of the Whole.
Mr. BIGGS. And we have concurred in it in
the Senate. Now, it is proposed to amend the
amendment, after wc liave adopted it in the Sen-
ate.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The amend-
ment is still in order.
Mr. WELLER. I want to say a word to the
Senator from Delaware. The reason why I make
the motion is this: The salary of the judge of the
northern district is $5,000, fixed by law two years
ago. The expenses of living m the southern dis-
trict, are quite as great as in the northern district;
and therefore I thought we ought approximate
more closely to the salary already allowed to the
judge of the northern district. Iam very sure
$4,500 will be baroiy sufficient to support a man
with a famiiy m any part of California.
Mr. MALLORY. I ask the Senator from
California it the northern district court is not open
every day in the year, and does not transact busi-
ness every day in the year? and whether the south-
ern district is held any oftener than two regular
terms ? ' *
Mr. WELLER. There are three terms of the
southern district of California, and the court is
in session fur a number of weeks at each period.
As I said to-day, there are accumulated in that
court five hundred and fifty land cases, and the
Senator will see for himself that it will require,
\ am a**ra^> some years to dispose of those cases.
About two thirds of the laud eas^e in California i
are in the southern district, It has been decided
by the Senate to-day, that you cannot give an
extra compensation to any of those judges; but in
order to allow the southern judge what may be a
fair and just compensation for labor which he
tyill be compelled to perform, I propose to in-
crease his salary to $4,500—only $500 beyond
what has already been fixed by the Committee
on the Judiciary.
Mr. BELL, of Tennessee. 1 shall vote for the
proposition, because, under the circumstances, I
consider it reasonable, and I believe the salaries
ought to be greater in California, from all I know
of the condition of that country, of the expenses
of living, and the temptations to enter into other
business, than in other parts of the United
States. But I wish to observe that, notwithstand-
ing it is said that the judge of the district court of
southern California has a larger amount of busi-
ness to do in connection witn the land commis-
sion established by law in California, the judge
of the northern district has almost the exclusive
duty of attending to maritime causes, and is
obliged to be in court every judicial day during
the year. This arises from the enormous amount
of the commerce of San Francisco. I ask my
honorable friend from California whether it is
not true that the judge of northern California has
almost the exclusive burden of the maritime
causes arising from the immense commerce of
that State, and particularly the city of San Fran-
cisco; and at no day is he exempt from the obli-
gation of attending to the duties attaching to his
office in those causes ?
Mr. WELLER. 1 simply desire to say that
this judge, in consequence of Judge McCallister
being on the northern district constantly, is com-
pelled to perform the duties of a circuit judge
m southern California. All I desire is to make
this district judge, in point of compensation, as
respectable as the State judges are. The State
judges in the southern part of the State receive
$4,500. I desire the Federal officer placed at least
on the same footing.
Mr. SEWARD. It seems to me very reason-
able, and hardly a matter of debate. The Com-
mittee on the Judiciary agreed to the amendment
of $4,000, and this is to give $500 more. No one
can saj* that $4,000 is exactly the right sum, and
there is fitness in having the judges of the district
courts in as respectable a place as possible. I
am sure the last inconvenience we shall suffer is
that of having our judicial officers too independ-
ent and too well paid.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 17, nays 17; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Bell of Tennessee, Bigler, Bright, Brod-
head, Clay, Dodge, Durkee, Fitzpatrick, Houston, Jones, of
Iowa, Mallory, Pugh, Sebastian, Seward. Weller, Wright,
and Yulee—17. ' 8 '
NAYS—Messrs. Bayard, Benjamin, Biggs, Fish, Foster,
Hale, Harlan, Hunter, Pearce, Pratt, Reid, Shdell, Thom-
son of New Jersey, Toombs, Trumbull, Wade, and Wil-
son—17.
So the amendment was rejected.
Mr. TOOMBS. I will now oiler the amend-
ment objected to by my friend from Virginia, oil
what is certainly an erroneous principle. It is
an amendment offered from the Judiciary Com-
mittee, by the Senator from South Carolina, in
regard to the pay 8f the judges of this District.
They are not adequately paid. Their expenses
are very great. The committee are unanimously
of opinion that the proposition is just and proper.
It is:
And from and after the 30th of June, 1836, the salary
of the chief justice of the circuit court of the United States
lor the District of Columbia, shall be $3,7o0 per annum,
and the salary of the as&ociate justices, and judge of the
criminal court of said District, $3,500 to be; paid quarterly;
and the salary of the judge of the orphans' court of the
Distnct of Columbia, ahall hereafter be $-.2,500 per annum,
payable quarterly.
Mr. HALE called for the yeas and nays; and
they were ordered.
Mr. BAYARD. I ask what is the increase of
salary ?
Mr. TOOMBS; The old salary of the chief
justice was $2,750,andthisisan increase of|l,000;
and the others were $2,500, and that is increased
to $3,500. This increase is recommended by the
committee.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 21, nays 13; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Bayard, Bell of Tennessee, Benjamin^
BigJer, Bright, Rfodhead, Clay, Dodgo, Fitzpatrick",- Hmi4-
