1158
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 8,
coxuitry from the obligation of any treaty, by
abrogating it out and out, which imposed dis-
honor oil it, or impaired its permanent liberty or
its permanent welfare. This is outside of the
ordinary puiposes of the diplomatic power, I
admit. Sir, it is a mistake—it is an inadvertence
—it is a delusion—which has misled us for a mo-
ment to do that from which no wisdom and no
after reflection can enable us to redeem ourselves.
That error would place us in a sad condition of
tilings. No, sir; Congress has the power of
abolishing treaties; it is the onlyauthoiity which
I know that can do it. But as to the making of
new treaties, that must depend on the wdl of the
other party. We are forever bound by a treaty,
unless there is a power to abrogate it of ourselves
and of our own national authority. Is this true?
I hope that the subject will be postponed. I
nm not satisfied as to wliat course I ought to take.
There is one course in which I would concur, and
that is to say to the President that wo have got
into a bad fix; that we have embarrassed ourselves
by a course of action taken without much reflec-
tion. Let us recommend to him, then, to retract
the notice which he has given, and lot things re-
roam as they arc. Then let us hope for a remedy
tereafter, by the ordinary course of negotiation,
in concert with all other Powers who, like our-
selves, do not wish to pay a tax which they deem
unjust.
Now, Mr. President, allow me to say a few
words more while I occupy the door; I have
already said many more than I intended. My
honorable friend from Delaware [Mr. Clayton"']
has remarked that this tax onainated in piracy.
In one sense that is true; but many tilings which
law has recognized and considered to be estab-
lished in nations and among nations have grown
up by the force of prescription and usage, and
have become, in one sense of the word, legalized;
made part and parcel of national law, and ought
to be eradicated with a respectful fear and con-
cern. When the Senator says th.it this tax origin-
ated from piracy, he knows better than 1 do its
history, but 1 think the remark oughtto be made
with some grains of allowance and some modifi-
cation of tins condemnation of piracy. It did
incidentally originate out of piracy, no doubt, but
a piracy from which the Government of Denmark
undertook to protcct the navigator. That was
tliff consideration. It was to protect from piracy;
it was to afford facilities for navigation, and to
protect the navigator against pirates. That the
nations of the world may have paid tribute first
to a pirate; that the Scandinavian king—a king
of sea robbers—may himself have been a pirate
in some instances, and may have made these ex-
actions in tins way, is perhaps true. It may have
had this rude beginning; but when the piracy of
Governments and kings ceased, the piracy of in-
dividuals continued; and the Clovcniment which
ceased to he a pirate became the protector of the
honest imiigator, at some expense to itself. For
this it demanded tribute; and for this that tribute
was paid. It is from this mixed source, from
this common oiigin, that this imposition has
grown up. I am opposed to it; I want to get rid
of it; but I want to do so in the easiest and most
judicious manner, and 1 think that is by letting
it alone for awhile. For this reason, while 1 am
not prepared to vote upon the diliieult and refined
questions which are 2>resented as to the powcr
of the Government, my wav is entirely clear to
vote iu any form in which 1 can do so, not for
t!ie abrogation of the treaty, but for the abroga-
tion of the notice.
It may justly be said that the Senate surely has
no right to complain of the President. If he is
in error, the resolution of the Senate 1«1 him into
it. The blame is ours; we are able to bear it; it
is an inadvertence. We have only to show our-
selves superior to that sortof pride which adheres
to, lather than retracts f roni, nil error once made.
That is the character which belongs to the wis-
dom and patriotism of this body, it is capable of
such an act as that, and I hope to see that act done.
Mr. MALLORY. It is very evident that we
cannot get a vote on this question this afternoon;
in fact, there is hardly a quorum present. I move
that the further consideration of the resolution be
postponed until to-moirow, with a view of asking
for an executive session for a few minutes, which
I am constrained to ask for on business of some
importance.
Mr. MASON. I desire to say to the Senator
from Florida that, if this subject be postponed
until to-morrow, under the rules of the Senate
private bills will have precedence of it.
Mr. MALLORY. No, sir; we shall be able
to take it up by a vote.
Mr. MASON. As I understand the rules, the
Senate have given precedence to-morrow to pri-
vate bills.
The PRESIDENT. Private bills have been
made the special order for Fridays at this session;
but it will be in the power of the Senate to-mor-
row, by a vote, to postpone them.
Mr. MALLORY. That being the case. I move,
with the permission of the Senator from Virginia,
to postpone the further consideration of this sub-
ject until to-morrow, at half past twelve o'clock,
and make it the special order for that hour.
Mr. "WADE. I hope that to-morrow will be
devoted to private bills. We have already passed
over private hills on two Fridays. There is a
great deal of private business on the Calendar
which ought lo be attended to. I can foresee
that, if we postpone this question until half past
twelve o'clock to-morrow, and begin its dis-
cussion then, the 'day will be entirely engrossed
by it, and we shall again lose another Friday
from the consideration of private bills. It seems
to me, that justice to private claimants requires
that we should devote to-morrow to them.
Mr. MALLORY. As I hear an intimation
that the vote can be taken on the question this
afternoon, I withdraw my motion.
The PRESIDENT. The question is on the
amendment of the Senator from Michigan.
Mr. STUART, I desire, before the vote is
taken on that amendment, to modify it so as to
stnke out all after the word " terminate" in the
resolution of the committee, and then add the
words, "as between Denmark and the United
States," so as to make the resolution read:
" R^olocd, That the notice which lias been given by the
President to Denmark, pursuant to the resolution of tin;
Senate of Maieli 1K>,\ to teuninate the tieatv with that
power 01 the ^Gth of Apni. in the yeat Itf-'G, i< Millicient to
euu-e sUf h treaty to terminate ua between Dcnmaik and
the United State*.'5
Mr. MASON". It is very desirable that the
Senate should be full, or as full as possible, when
the vote slwll be taken on this question. I know
that some Senators have left the Senate, although
igainst my remonstrance, under the belief from
the lateness of the hour that the vote would not
be taken. I think, therefoic, that it would be
inexpedient to take the vote now, with the empty
ycuts which wo sec around us.
Now, sir, one word in reply to the Senator
from Ohio as to private business. I agree with
him ihat,as far as practicable, private business
on the Calendar should be attended to; but it is
certainly true that private interests must give
way to public interests—private business to public
business. I should be sorry to sacrifice for to-
morrow the private Calendar, but I think the
occasion requnes it. I, therefore, renew the
motion to postpone the farther consideration of
this question until to-morrow, at half past twelve
o'clock. We can then, I presume, get through
with it.
The motion was agreed to; there being, oil a
division, ayes 23, noes 11.
PAPERS "WITHDRAWN.
Mr. BELL, of Tennessee. I ask leave to with-
draw the papers m the case of Joseph Gideon, as
they are wanted for use in a case, now pending
before the Court of Claims.
Leave was granted.
COASTWISE COMMERCE.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I wish to make a privileged
motion. We passed yesterday a joint resolution
of the House of Representatives, which I then
reported from the Committee oil Commerce, for
the purpose of obtaining certain statistics of our
coastwise commerce. By a letter of the Secretary
of the Treasury, it appears that it will be utterly
impossible that these statistics can be furnished
hereafter regularly, as is required by this joint
resolution, without some additional clerical force.
I submit a motion for the reconsideration of the
vote on the joint resolution, so that I may here-
after offer an amendment providing for the clerks
necessary to carry it out.
The PRESIDENT. The motion to reconsider
will be entered.
EXECUTIVE BUSINESS.
A message in writing was received from the
President of the United States, by Sidney Web-
ster, Esq., his Secretary.
Mr. MALLORY. I move that the Senate pro-
ceed to the consideration of executive business.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. I move that the Senate
adjourn.
The latter motion was agreed to; and the Senate
adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Thursday, May 8, 1856.
The House met at twelve o'clock, m. Prayer
by Rev. Henry C. Dean, Chaplain to the Senate.
The Journal ofyesterday was read andapproved
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATIONS.
The SPEAKER laid before the House a lette^
from the Secretary of the Treasury, recommend-
ing, as an amendment to the joint resolution of the
House of Representatives of the first instant, pro-
viding for returns of coastwise service, that the
Secretary be authorized to employ three extra
clerks to prepare returns.
Also, a letter from the same officer in reply to
the resolution of the House of Representatives, of
1st of May, 1856, calling for returns of custom-
houses now in course of construction, the names
of contractors, &c.*, both of which were laid on
the table, and ordered to be printed.
BOUNTY LAND BILL.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. The committee
of conference on the disagreeing votes of the two
Houses on the bounty land bill have met and
agreed; and the Senate has agreed to the report
of its committee. As it will not occupy more
than two or three minutes, I hope the report will
be taken up and disposed of.
There being no objection, the report was read,
as follows:
The committee of conference upon the' disagreeing vote-j
of the two Houses to tiie amendments of the bill to amend
the act m addition to ceitain aets giantmg bounty land to
certain officers and soldiers who have been engaged in tlio
military service of the United States, approved^Maieh 3,
have met, and, after full and free conference, recom-
mend to their ielective Houses, that the Senate leeede
from its disagreement to the Ilou«e amendment striking out
thefiltii ami sixth sections of the Senate's amendment to
the oi filial House hilt. That the House amendment to the
eighth section be amended by inserting after the word u last"
the woid "preceding," and that in thatfoim the amend-
ment he agreed to. That lite House recede horn its amend-
ment proposed as an additional section to the Senate's
amendment. Respectfully •submitted.
SOLOMON FOOT,
G. E. PUUII,
RICHARD BltODHEAD,
Managers on the part of the Senate.
GEORGE W. JONES,
SAMUEL BRENTON,
KUJb'US II. KING,
Managers on the fait of the House.
The sections of the Senate amendment which
the House rejected, and from which the Senate
committee agreed to recede, are as follows:
Sec. 5. A mi be it further etiaHcd, That clerks anil othrr
assistant's ©{'quartermasters, commis-sanes, paymasters, and
smgeons, together with artificei:-, the seivantsof officer?,
and other pei-ons employed in 01 about the camp* of the
Auny of the United State-*, and subject to military law, a<*
well as artificers, the seivants of naval officers, and all
other pcr-ona employed on boaid the aimed vessels of the
United States duung any of the vvais specified in the first
section of the act to winch this is an amendment, shall be
entitled ro the benefits of the said act.
Sec. 6. And be it farther enacted, That the provisions of
the said act shall extend to all officers, 11011 commissioned
oflieei*, musicians, and privates of the mihtta or volunteer
foices of anv State who were mustered into the nulitaiy ser-
vice of the United States, pursuant to any requisition or call
fiom a general oflicer commanding an army or military de-
partment of the United States, in expectation of any'con-
ccited insurrection of the Indians or aimed invasion from
abroad.
The amendment of the House, and from which
the committee on the part of the House agreed
to recede, is as follows:
Sec. 10. And be it further enaded, That whenever the
term "minors," in tins or any act granting bounty lands,
shall bo used, it shall be construed to include all those wllo
wcie minor.-, at the time said aets severally took effect.
Mr. .TONES. The Senate has agreed to the
report of the committee of conference. I there-
fore ask the previous question.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered.
Mr. CUMBACK. 1 ask to have the report
read.
