482
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 14.
xvho has since that time served upon that com-
mittee, if the laws of the Territories, have not been
so referred since I was last in Congress ? I under-
stand bim to say such a reference has been made.
I understand from the gentleman from Illinois,
['Mr. Richardson,] who is an old member of the
Committee on Territories, that they have also
been referred to' the Committee on Territories.
So it seems that a reference has been made to both
of-those committees. I know the fact that they
were referred to the Committee on the Judiciary
■while I was upon thq,t committee; and it seems to
me that is the right reference. What has the
Committee on Territories to do with the laws of
the Territories ?
The territorial laws are sent here in order that
we may ascertain whether the Constitution has
been violated by the Territorial Legislature. All
that'the Judiciary Committee has to do, is so
ascertain that fact, and if they find that the Con-
stitution has not been violated, they have noth-
ing more to do with the laws. Now what does
the • Committee on Territories want to do with
them? "What will they do with them if they
have them ? Do they want to ascertain whether
the Constitution has been violated by the Legis-
lative Assembly? Of course, I, as a member of
the Committee on the Judiciary, do not want the
reference to that committee. Certainly, I do not
want to burden myself with any unnecessary
business; but it seems to me that it is proper to
refer those documents to the Committee on the
Judiciary, as it is consistent with the object for
which a reference is to be made. I renew the
motion to lay upon the table.
Mr. GROW. Will the gentleman withdraw
the motion for a moment?
Mr. MARSHALL. 1 will, if the gentleman
will renew it.
Mr. GROW. I will renew it. Certainly, the
Committee on Territories are not over anxious,
from any desire for tabor, to have these laws re-
ferred to them. I am not, of course, any more
anxious than the gentleman from Kentucky for
labor unnecessarily imposed; but it having been
the practice of the House to refer the laws of all
these Territories to the Committee on Territories,
I, as chairman of that committee, ask that they
shall now take their usual direction. X have 110
other reason. The former chairman of the Com-
mittee 011 Territories, the gentleman from Illinois,
[Mr. Richardson,] assured mo that for the last
six years those laws have been referred to the
Committee on Territories. The Journal of the
House shows that, during the last Congress, the
territorial laws of Oregon, Now Mexico, and
Utah, were referred to the Committee on Terri-
tories. Back of that time, I have not examined
the Journal. I simply now ask that the usual
reference be made of these laws, and for the rea-
son that, under the rules of the House, the Com-
mittee 01) Territories arc charged with the duty
of "examining into the legislative, civil, and
criminal proceedings of the Territories, and to
devise and report to the House such means as,
in their opinion, may be necessary to secure the
rights and privileges of residents and non-resi-
dents." How are we to perform that duty, unless
the legislative proceedings of the Territories arc
referred to them? I aslc that they may be so
referred, in order that we may be enabled to dis-
charge the duties imposed upon us by the rules
of the House.
Mr. MILLSON. I rise for the purpose of
calling the attention of my friend from Kentucky
[Mr. H. Marshall] to a remark he just now
made. I understood him to say, that the only
object of the reference of the territorial laws to
any committee was, to ascertain whether they
were in violation of the Constitution. Now, I
must confess my surprise at the declaration of the
gentleman from Kentucky, who, I think, some
two or three weeks ago, announced a very sound
and wholesome doctrine upon this subject, when
he declared that the Territorial Legislatures pos-
sessed no power but that which was delegated to
them by Congress.
The object, then, of the reference of territorial
laws to Congress is not simply to inquire whether
there is anything in them violative of the Consti-
tution, but it is that Congress may express its
general approbation or disapprobation of the law,
Whether the ground of its opinion be founded on
Constitutional or any other objection. And the
gentleman from Kentucky will find, if he looks
back at the past legislation ofCongress, that many
territorial laws have been disapproved and an-
nulled by Congress to which there was no con-
stitutional objection.
I did not rise to express my dissent from the
doctrines expressed by the gentleman from Ken-
tucky, because, with him, I utterly repudiate this
new, and I am sorry to say it is becoming a fash-
ionable, doctrine of squatter, popular, or territo-
rial sovereignty.
Mr. H. MARSHALL. Well, I modify the
language which I used in my speech, so as to
say that these territorial laws are submitted for
the approval of Congress not merely for decision
as to their constitutionality.
Mr. MILLSON. I was satisfied that the gen-
tleman from Kentucky only needed to have his
attention called to his loose phraseology to induce
him to correct it. As to the reference of these
bills, I confess that I have no particular choice
between the Territorial Committee and the Ju-
diciary Committee. I think it is competent for
the House to refer the laws of the Territories to
either,
Mr. GROW addressed the Chair.
Mr. CRAWFORD. Will the gentleman from
Pennsylvania allow me to ask the gentleman from
Virginia [Mr. Millson] one question?
Mr. GROW. Certainly.
Mr. CRAWFORD. I desire to ask the gen-
tleman from Virginia this question, as he has
referred to the question of popular sovereignty,
whether he understands the question of popular
sovereignty to admit the right of the Territorial
Legislature to pass laws prohibiting slavery in
the Territory?
Mr. GROW, (interrupting.) I cannot yield the
floor for the opening of that kind of discussion.
That inquiry would be proper, Mr. Speaker,
when this discussion opens upon that subject,
but it has nothing whatever to do with this refer-
ence; and the territorial laws which were referred
this morning only embrace Utah, Minnesota, and
Washington. The gentleman from Virginia [Mr,
Millson] made the point that I intended to make
in reply to the argument of the gentleman from
Kentucky. It is that these laws are to be exam-
ined, not with a view exclusively to their consti-
tutional provisions; for in the last Congress we
annulled an act of the Territorial Legislature of
Minnesota chartering a railroad, which act did
not involve any constitutional principle, but was
annulled simply on a question of expediency.
Now, as territorial laws have heretofore been re-
ferred to the Territorial Committee, that committee
now only asks that these laws shall have the usual
reference. In compliance with the promise which
I made to the gentleman from Kentucky, [Mr.
II. Marshall,] I renew the motion that the mo-
tion to reconsider be laid on the table, although
I shall vote against laying it on the table.
The question was taken on a division; and the
Speaker announced the vote to be—ayes 71, noes
77.
Mr. ORR demanded tellers.
Mr. LETCHER called for the yeas and nays.
The yens and nays were ordered.
The roll was called; and the question was de-
cided in the affirmative—yeas 84, nays 81; as
follows:
YEAH—Messrs. Aiken, Barksdale, Hendley S. Bennett,
Boeoek, Bowie, Boyce, Branch, Brooks, Broom, Burnett,
Cadwalader, John P. Campbell, Caihle, C<uiith<>r&, Oling-
man, Williamson It. W. Cobb, Cox, Ciawford, Cullen,
Davidson, Henry Winter Davis, Dowdell, Kdmundson,
Edwards, Elliott, English, Ethendge, Eustis, Evans, Flor-
ence, Fostei, Thomas J. D. Fuller, Goode, Greenwood,
Sampson W.'Harris, Thomas Tj. Harris, Ilairison, Ilaven,
Houston, Jewett, George W. Jones, Keitt, Konnctt, Lake,
Letcher, Lindley, Lumpkin, Alexander K. Marshall, Hum-
phrey IVJmshall, Samuel S. Marshall, McMudni, Smith
Miller, Millson, Moidecai Oliver, Orr, Paine, Porter,
Powell, P«r>ear, Quitman, lleade, Heady, Bivers, Ruflin,
Rust, Sandulse, fcSavaire, Bewaid, Shorter, William Smith,
William U. Smith, Stephen*, Htcwart, Swope, Taylor,
Underwood, Vail, Valk, Walker, Watkms, Wmslow, Dan-
iel B. Wright, John V. Wnglit,and Zolheoifei—S4.
NAYS— .VlesMs. Henry Bennett, Benson, Bilhnshur^t,
Bingham, fti-hop, Bliss," Bradshaw, Brenton, Buflinton,
Builiiigame, James H.Camphell, dawson, Coltax, Oomms,
Covode, Cragin, Cumback, Damrell, Dean, Dick, Dickson,
Dodd, Dunn, Durfee,Flagloi, Galloway, Guiding*, Granger,
Grow, Robert B. Hall, Harlan, Hickman, Holloway,
Thomas It. Horton, Howard, Hughston, Kclsey, Knowlton,
Knox, Leiter, Mace, Matteson, Meacham. XUlian Miller,
Millward, Moigan, Morrill, Mott, Murray, Nichols, Norton,
Parker, Pearcc, Pennington, Perry, Pike, Pringle, Fur-
viance, Ritchie, Roberts, Sabin, Sapp, Seolt, Sherman,
Simmons, Stanton, Tappan, Thorington, Thurston, Todd,
Tyson, Wade, Wakeman, Walbridge, Waldron, Ellihu
B. Washbume, Israel Washburn, Watson, Welch, and
Woodruff—81.
So the motion to reconsider the vote referring
the territorial laws to the Committee on the Ju-
diciary was laid on the table.
KANSAS MESSAGE AGAIN.
Mr. HOUSTON. I rise to a privileged ques-
tion. I move to reconsider the vote by which
the executiue message in relation to Kansas was
referred to the Committee of the "Whole on the
state of the Union; and I also move to lay the
motion to reconsider on the table.
Mr. STANTON. 1 move that the House do
now adjourn.
Mr. FLORENCE. 1 hope the gentleman from
Ohio will withdraw his motion for a moment to en-
able me to make a motion that, when the House
adjourns to-day, it adjourn to meet on Monday
next. It is the practice, generally, to adjourn
over after the organization of the committees.
RULES OF THE HOUSE.
Mr. STEPHENS. I wish to submit this reso-
lution, to which I hope there will be no objection:
Resolved, That the Clerk of this House furnish to each
member and delegate a copy of the Constitution, Manual,
and Rules.
I move that this resolution be adopted.
The question was put; and the resolution was
adopted.
POOR OF THE DISTRICT.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I ask the unanimous con-
sent of the House to take up the Senate joint
resolution making an appropriation to furnish
fuel to the poor of the District.
Objection was made.
Mr. HOUSTON. My motion is first before
the House, and I ask to have it considored.
The SPEAKER. The motion of the gentle-
man from Alabama is a privileged motion.
Mr. HOUSTON renewed the motion, that the
vote by which the executive communication in
relation to Kansas was referred to the Committee
of the Whole on the state of the Union be recon-
sidered, and also, that the motion to reconsider be
laid on the table; which latter motion was agreed
to.
ADJOURNMENT OVER.
Mr, JONES, of Tennessee. The motion of the
gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. Florence]
was, f thought, in order.
The SPEAKER. The motion was not enter-
tained by the Chair, because the gentleman from
Georgia [Mr. Stephens] had been assigned the
floor.
Mr. FLORENCE. Then, I now rise to a privi-
leged motion. I move that when the House ad-
journs to-day, it adjourn to meet on Monday next.
The question was taken, and the motion was
agreed to.
Mr. STANTON. I move that the House do
now adjourn.
The motion was agreed to, and
Thereupon the House (at a quarter past three
o'clock, p. m.) adjourned till Monday next, at
twelve o'clock, m.
IN SENATE.
Monday, February 18, X85G.
Prayer.by the Chaplain, Rev. Henry C.Dean.
Tile Journal of Thursday last was read and
approved.
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS.
Mr. FISH. Mr. President, I am requested to
present the memorial of the Chamber of Com-
merce of the city of New York, commending
highly the principle of reciprocity established and
recognized under the late treaty with England,
and requesting that an act be passed to remove all
duties and restrictions on the importations into
the United States of all articles the growth, pro-
duce, or manufacture of the Canadas, and also to
permit ships built in Canada to participate on
equal terms in the shipping and coasting trade on
the interior lakes ana fresh waters intervening
between Canada and the United States. It is a
subject which interests very much a large portion
of the commercial community, and I ask for it
the careful and considerate action of the Commit-
tee on Finance, to which I move that the memo-
rial be referred.
The motion was agreed to.
