THE CONGRESSION A T, GLOBE.
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN C. RIVES, WASHINGTON, D. C.
Thirty-Fourth Congress, 1st Session.
TUESDAY, AUGUST 12, 1856.
New Series....No. 128.
ton, Jones of Iowa, Mallory, Pcarcc, Pratt, Pugh, Peba-s-
lian, Thomson of Now Jersey, Toombs. Weller, Wright,
and "S ulee—2L.
NAYS—Messrs. Biggs, Durkoc, Fjsh, Foster, Ilalr, Ilar-
Hn, Humor, Roid, Seward, Shdeil, Trumbull, Wade, and
Wilson—13.
Mr. REID, I move to reconsider the vote by
which the amendment raising the salary of the
judge of southern California, was rejected. I
voted in the negative, and the amendment was
rejected by a tie vote.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair
will submit the question to the Senate. The rule
provides that a Senator voting with the majority
may move a reconsideration. The vote is 17 to
17, and the Senator from North Carolina moves
a reconsideration.
Air. HUNTER. I think he has a right to
move the reconsideration.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair
will submit the question to the Senate, whether
the Senator from North Carolina, having voted m
th<j negative j has a right to move a reconsidera-
ation.
The question was decided in the affirmative.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Senator
from North Carolina, moves to reconsider the 1
vote rejecting the amendment of the Senator from j
California to increase the salary of the judge of i
the southern district of California from $4,000 !
to 54,500. The question is on that motion. J
Air. CLAY called for the yeas and nays, and
they were ordered; and being taken, resulted—- !
yeas 17, nays 10; as follows: I
YEAS—Bell of Tennessee, Bialer, Brodliead, 1
f'l.iy. Dodtr0 !>U! Icom. Fif/pan u-k, Houston, Jonu- ot Iowa,
.Malloiv, I'uuh, Real, Sebastian, Hewaid, Weller, \Vri"l)t !
and Yul'ji.-—i . j
NAYS—?>!<,.-. )-. 13.iy.ud. Fi-h, Fo-ter, !
flair, flailan. fluiit'-r, Peaice, Piatt. Shd< 11. Thomson of i
New Jersey, ToohiIj>. Tittmbull, Wade. and Wil~on—1G. 1
So the motion to reconsider was agreed to.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The question '
now is on agreeing to the amendment. ;
Mr. BA1 ARD. I call for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
Mr. BAYARD. J move that the Senate ad- '
journ. I do not think we ought to decide the i
compensation, the permanent compensation of1
these judges, with only a bare quorum.
Mr. HUNTER. I hope we shall not adjourn 1
now. ;
The motion was not agreed to; there being on
a division—ayes 14, noes 19.
Air. HUNTER. If the Senator wants the
yeas and nays 011 the amendment, I will call for
them.
Air. BAYARD. The Senate has refused to
order the yeas and nays, and I have a right to '>
comment on the amendment, and I mean to do it. '
The question is upon a motion made, counter to ;
the advice and recommendation of the Committee .
on the Judiciary, to whom the subject was re- '
ferred, to increase permanently the salary of one i
of the judges of the United States. On that j
motion the Senate of the United States, with a j
bare quorum, refuses to allow the yeas and nays :
to be taken. That is one evidence of American !
legislation in the extent to which its purity has !
gone ! Air. President, it astonished me when I !
found the Senate, on a question of this kind, '
unwilling to commit individual members by
refusing the yeas and nays. It is not a question
of the mere appropriation of the day; but it is ;■
permanent legislation as to the salary of the judge, j
in the face of the recommendation of the Judiciary j
Committee, and with n bare quorum of the Senate !
in session. It is perfectly immaterial to me—I |
should vote against it, because I have heard no |
reason given, counter to the consideration of our
committee, why this salary should be increased. !
I shall vote against this amendment, unless I have |
strong reasons why it should be increased; but,
at the same time, I will say that 1 think there arc
few members of this body who are more willing !
to give an ample compensation to the members
of the judiciary than I am.
Air. PRATT. The reason why 1 thought the .
yeas and nays were unnecessary was that we 1
128
had already had the yeas and nays three times
upon this very proposition. But I always yield
to any friend who desires to have his name re-
corded, however frequently it may be. There-
fore, if my honorable friend from Delaware will
ask again for the yeas and nays, I will consent
to have them. The only reason I refused them
was, that we had already recorded our names—
mine with his—against this increase of salary.
I thought it was perhaps an unnecessary con-
sumption of time. That was my individual opin-
ion; but I am willing to have the yeas and nays.
Air. BIGGS. I desire to ascertain if this is not
an increase of the amount as reported by the
Committer; on the Judiciary. The present salary
of this judge 3s, as i understand, $3,000. The
Committee 011 the Judiciary have reported, what
has been voted on by the Senate, an increase of
$1,000, and this is proposed to be an annual in-
crease of $<>00.
Air. PRATT. I ask for the yeas and nays on
the amendment.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. BENJA MIN. The Committee on the Ju-
diciary is composed exclusively of lawyers. I
never knew a lawyer in my life that was not will-
ing to allow full salary to the judges who preside
over the courts of justice in the country. They
are aware of the necessity of a liberal compensa-
tion. Here, after the compensation of this judge
has been permanently fixed for some years at
$3,000, an application is made to Congress to in-
crease his salary. Your Judiciary Committee lias
taken it into consideration. Youaie informed
that they have examined the whole subject, and
they have made a liberal recommendation—an
advance of one third of the salary previously al-
lowed to this public officer. They tell you that
<1,000 is full salary for luni. On what ground
does the Senate dillcr m opinion from that com-
mittee? Simply because the Senator from Cali-
fornia, in the exercise of a duty which we aie
always pleased to see him peiform on this lloor,
dilfers from the committc e as to what his district
judge ou^ht to have. 1 know no ether; I have
heard none otSu r th;m can satisfy any reasonable
man.
Air. WELLER. I do not put it on thatgmund.
Air. BENJAMIN. 1 do not yield the floor,
s because I understand peifectly well that is not
i what my friend from California says. I know
j he represented to us what he has frequently urged
| with so much ability before, that the expenses in
j California are very high, and people are obliged
j to pay more than 011 the Atlantic coast; that they
have got land cases, as if it made any diilerenee
: when the judge was sitting 011 the bench, whether
it was a land or an admiralty case he was trying
—as if the judge sat on the bench one hour longer
than required by law—as if lie were doing one
particle of duty beyond what every judge in
the country is bound to do, and that is to hear
the litigation arising in his district within reason-
able hours of labor. All this thinj; we under-
stand thoroughly. Everybody has heard it re-
peated over and over azain in Congress.
What can we rely upon our committees for, if
we cannot rely upon them for such a matter as
this ? They tell you by a unanimous report tlmt
the salary of that judge, which before was s,3,00(J,
was too small. They tell you that one third more
is required, and it is ample. They insist the fur-
ther appropriation asked for bv the nator from
California. The Senate has voted it down two or
three times; and yet finally, now when the Senate
is nearly empty, win n there is a bare quorum, a
reconsideration is moved, and carried by one
vote; and upon that the representation of the com-
mittee is to be overruled, and the legislation of
the country controlled. I think we are giving
way weakly, very weakly, and unworthily of
ourselves, to personal considerations. Now, I
would, with the greatest pleasure in the world,
vote for this, or anything that my friend from
California nuirht desire to puss for the benefit of
his district, if this was a measure of public im-
portance—if it was for the good of his State or
i k.u1' ^lc *dea of giving way on a question
: of tins kind, on a mere personal salary, one of
an individual, against the unanimous judgment
of one of our committees which has examined the
subject, is something 1 cannot agree to do, and I
must confess my astonishment that others can.
Mr. PUGH. 1 only wish to say a word or
two, as the Senator from Louisiana has pressed
1 the matter somewhat. The Senator says it was
the unanimous recommendation of the committee.
1 shall not divulge any of the secrets of the com-
mittee room, for 1 mean to be loyal in that respect
as in all others; but I will say, that this question
was before the committee some time ago, when
we arrived at this decision. For myself, since
the committee took a vote, other matters have
been brought to my notice connected with the
question which determined me to bring it before
the committee again. I have mentioned them to
the chairman of the committee. 1 do not recollect
whether he agreed with me 111 the change of
opinion 01 not. At all events, I communicated
with him, and should have brought the subject
before the committee at the next meeting, but that
i this bill came here to-day, and we were obliged
to offer our amendments to it. I think myself on
1 reviewing the whole ground, that $4,500 is low
| enough salary for the judge of that district. It is
! the salary paid by the State of California to her
judges.
Mr. BENJAMIN. To which of her State
judges?
Air. WELLER. The district judge.
AJr. PUGH. The Senator from California
made the statement.
Mr. WELLER. I say in the southern part
of the State the pay of the district judges is $4,500,
and m the northern and more populous parts,
$7,000. It used to be $7,f>00.
Air. PUG[I. That is the present purpose. It
is merely to make the judge of the district
oouit of tin United States for the southern dis-
trict of California equal in pay to the judges of
the same irrade under the State authority.
AJr. BENJAMIN. I will inquire of my friend
from California whether the district judges of
the State hold their offices during good behavior,
or for a term of years?
Air. WELLER. A term of years.
Mr. BENJAA1IN. Is there any idea that the
rate of sulaiy will be continued in California
when their terms are out?
Air. PUGH. Whether it be so or not we
ought not to have the judges' salaries at so low
i a rate that they cannot live without inconveni-
! ence to themselves. 1 shall vote to put the salary
i of any judge, anywhere 111 the United States, up
j to that standard that lie shall not be distracted
j by attention to lus private aifairs—that he can
give the public the whole of his attention, if
the Government is not able to pay the judges a
I salary of that sort, it ought to pay them none.
! Mr. WELLER. I am very sorry that the
! Senator from Louisiana seems to regard this as
, disrespectful to the Judiciary Committee. 1 am
! sure there is no committee that I have a higher
! regard for than the Committee on the Judiciary,
i Put so far as the expenses of living are concerned,
I hope 1 may be allowed to claim that I know
; more about them in California than the Judi-
ciary Committee or the Senate. All I desire for
these judges is, that you will make a fair allow-
, ance, sufficient to cover their expenses of living,
j no matter where they may be located. I know
' this will not be too much. I know that this
j judsce will not be enabled to save more money 011
i a salary of &4,500 a year, than one of your judges
! in some of the other States at $2,500. All I have
1 desned is, that an allowance shall he made sufii-
i cient to permit him to h\e like a gentleman; and
I 1 want to put him, as my friend from Ohio has
i said, on an equal footing with the district judges
of our State courts.
; Air. HALE. There isone consideration which
' ought to govern us. We have already voted to
• raise thissalary thirty-three and a third percent-.,
! and now it is proposed to put J500 on that, if
