2034
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
August 11,
you put it on, it can never be altered; it must
stand forever. The Constitution makes it per-
manent. If we put it too low we can correct that
next year. If $4,000 is not enough, next year
we can remedy it; but if we put it §500 too much
it must stand forever, because the Constitution
expressly prevents any diminution after it is
Mr. PRATT. As long as the judge lives.
Mr. HALE. It can never be lessened as long
as he continues in office. Now, as we have a
bare quorum—a bare majority of the Senate, it
seems to me we should be a little cautious in in-
grafting an amendment on this bill. It must stand
forever, so far as this officer is concerned.
Mr. HUNTER. Let us have the question.
Mr. WELLER. I believe California is the
only State in the Union where the Federal judges
do not receive a higher compensation than the
State judges. It is the reverse of that in Califor-
nia. The State judges receive much higher sala-
ries than the Federal judges. *
Mr. RE1D. At the time I moved the recon-
sideration I thought this salary not sufficiently
high; but the remarks of the Senator from Louis-
iana have convinced me that the amendment
ought not to prevail, and I shall vote against it.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted:
YEAS—Messrs. Bigler, Bright, Clay, Dodge, Fitzpatrick,
Houston, Jones of Iowa, Mallory, Pugh, Sebastian, Rew-
ind. Waller, Wnglit, and Yuleo— U.
NAYS— Messis. Bayard, Benjamin, Biggs,Durkee,Fish,
Foster, Hale, llarian, Hunter, Pearce, Pratt, Reid, Shdell,
Thomson of New Jersey, Toomba, Trumbull, Wade, and
Wilson—18.
So the amendment was rejected.
The amendments were ordered to be engrossed,
and the bill to be read a third time.
Mr. HALE. I ask for the yeas and nays on
the passage of that bill. I desire to record my
vote against it.
The yeas and nays were ordered; and the Sec-
retary proceeded to call the roll.
Mr. SEWARD. I apprehend that we may be
without a quorum. I am sure it is not the object
of anybody to prevent the passage of the bill by
a majority. I ask the unanimous consent of the
Senate to dispense -with the call.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It cannot be
done. The call mugt go through.
Mr. SEWARD. It can be done by unanimous
consent.
The PRESIDENT tempore. No unanimous
consent can dispense with the calling of the roll.
It must be gone through with.
The question being taken, resulted—yeas 24,
nays 7; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Bayaid, Benjamin, Hi<-«*<, Bidder, Bright.,
Clay, Dodc«', I-'itih, Kit/patrick, For.tri, Houston, Uun'ct,
Mallory, Pearee, Piatt, Pugh, Ueid, Scba>nan, Slide]!,
Thomson of New Jersey, Toomb-*, Welk'i, VYuu'ht, and
Vnlee—21.
NAYS—Messrs. Dnikee, Ilalo, Harlan, Seward, Trum-
bull, Wade, and Wilson—7.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. There is not
a quorum voting.
ARMY APPROPRIATION 15ILT,.
A message from the House of Representatives
announced that the Housoumturred in the amend-
ment of the Senate to the bill making appropria-
tions for the support of the Avmy for the year
ending.lune 30, 1857, witli an amendment.
Mr. WELLER As there is not a quorum
here, X am compelled to move that the Senate
adjourn.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate
adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Monday, August 11, 185G.
The House met at eleven o'clock, a. m. Prayer
hy the Chaplain, Rev. Daxikt. Wtmo.
The Journal of Saturday was read and approved.
Elf ROLLED BILLS.
^ Mr. DAVIDSON, from the Committee on
Enrolled Bills, reported that the committee had
i cammed and found truly enrolled bills of the
following titles:
An act for the relief of Daniel Dolan; and
An act tor the relief of Charles Stearns; when
the Speaker signed the same.
BOUNTY LAND WARRANTS. |
The SPEAKER. The first question in order i
is the consideration of a bill (H. R. No. 389) to :
enable the owners of land warrants to locate the jj
same on any of the public domain subject to ||
public entry, whether the minimum price shall be j
$1 25 or otherwise. The question recurs on the j
amendment as amended, upon which the gentle- I
man from Arkansas is entitled to the floor. 1
Mr. RUST. I do not propose to make a speech, !
but merely to move an amendment which I think '
will be acceptable to the gentleman from Ala-
bama, [Mr. Cobb.] My amendment is as fol-
lows:
After the word " that," insert the word " allstrike out
the woids " to sale or," and insert the woids (i to «ale at j"
and after the wouls •• heietotore passed," insert the woids
" except those which have been sold <n assigned at the date
of the parage of this act;" so that the bill will read :
Bp it cnact&U tfc., That all land warrants issued, or heifl-
atter to be issued, under any act of Congress gianting lands
to the officer* and solduns, ui their legal descendant^, here-
tofore passed, except tho-te which have be«'n sold or assigned
at the tune of the parage, of flu* act, shall be received in
payment l'or any of the public land belonging to the United
State?, now subjcct, or which may heieaftci become sub-
ject, to sale at private entry,4&c.
Mr. COBB, of Alabama. I hope the gentleman
from Arkansas will move to restore the bill to
the condition in which it was when reported from
the Committee on Pubhc Lands. At the sug-
gestion of the gentleman from Tennessee, [Mr.
Jones,] I offered an amendment on Saturday last,
which lam sure the House inadveitently adopted.
At the time it was made I stated that the prop-
osition had been repudiated by the Committee on
Public Lands. Ry striking out " $1 25, "individ-
uals are authorized to deposit their land warrants
in the land office, and take a credit at $1 25 per
acre. They can then enter land at twelve cents
an acre, which is wrong.
Mr. RUST. I do not intend to make a speech
myself, and cannot yield the floor to the gentle-
man ft inn Alabama lor that purpose. There are 1
other measures to be acted upon in which I feel j
a much deeper interest, and which are of vastly !
more importance to the country than the one now |
under consideration. j
Mr. COBB. I beg the gentleman, then, before |
he takes his seat, to move that the bill be restored
to the condition m which it came from the Com-
mittee on Pubhc Lands.
Mr. RUST. The gentleman is mistaken in
regard to the effect of the amendment, which pro-
poses to make these warrants receivable for land,
under the graduation act, at $1 25 per acre. It
does not, affect a single provision of that act, and
under it no one can enter more than three hun-
dred and twenty acres, and this must be for the
purposes of residence and cultivation. It only
makes the warrant in the hands of the holder
(who has become so since the passage of this act)
equivalent to money, at $1 25 per acrc. That
part of it which is not absorbed in entering the
graduated land, can bo used in entering other
land at $1 25 per acre. For instance, the gradu-
ated land which he desires to enter is worth
twenty-five cents per acre.. The largest quantity
permitted to him to enter is three hundred and
twenty acres. This amounts to eighty dollars,
and leaves $120 to invest in land at $1 25 per acrc.
The first amendment which 1 propose this
morning is to except from the benefits of this
bill the biokers and stock-jobbers who have pur-
| chased large quantities of these warrants at de-
preciated prices, from twenty-five to eighty per
cent, less than their par value, and now seek,
through Congress, to make them worth a pre-
mium, for such will be the eifrct of this bill. I
am perfectly willing to vote for a bill which will
enhance the value of those warrants m the hands
of the persons to whom they were originally
issued, either as venders or purchasers of the
public lands, but am utterly opposed to passing
any law for the benefit of those monopolists,
capitalists, and speculators, who are invariably
the parties who derive the most benefit from all
those laws passed m the name of the soldier, and
widow and orphan of the soldier, by the Con-
gress of the United States. Cut, sir, the most
important amendment which I propose is, that
which substitutes the little word " at" for " or,5'
after the word "sale." I am not sure that, under
the bill as proposed by the gentleman from Ala-
bama, these warrants could not be located upon
any of the unappropriated lands of the United
States. I do know, sir, that it will allow the
holders of these wariants in large quantities,
purchased at from fifty cents to a dollar per acre,
to come in competition at the public land sales
with the actual settlers and cultivators of the
soil in the new States and Territories. My amend-
ments propose, Mr. Speaker, first, to confine
the operation of this bill to warrants which have
not been sold or assigned at the date of its pas-
sage, and to exclude those from its benefits who
have, under existing laws, bought them on spec-
ulation. Second, to make them receivable for
lands only that are subject to sale at private
entry. Third,to allow them to be used as money,
at $1 25 per acre, in the purchase of any of the
public lands of the United States, subject to sale
at private entry, whether sold for more or less
than $1 25 per acre.
The propriety of these amendments, if the bill
is to pass, is obvious—self-evident—and I call
the previous question upon them.
Mr. THORINGTON. I move to lay the bill
on the table.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I demand the
yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. JONES. I do not want to be upon any
committee upon this subject, but I would propose
that this bill be referred to a select committee of
five, to prepare a bill and report it to this House.
The SPEAKER. The motion can be received
only by unanimous consent.
3VIr. FLAGLER. I object.
The question was then taken; "and it was de-
cided in the affirmative—yeas 100, nays 71; a3
follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Albright, Alison. Bnibour, BiHinshurst,
Bishop, Bliss, Bocock, Brenton, Buffinton, James II. Camp-
bell. John P. Campbell, Lewi- D. Campbell, Chalice, Ezra
Clark, C!aw>on, Williamson R. W. Cobb, Coming, Covodc,
Cox, Ciagiu, Crawford; TIenry Winter Davis, Dean, Denver,
Dickson, ])odd, Dtirfee, Edie, Edwards. Emne, Etheridse,
Flaglei, biddings, Gilbeit, Goode,Grow, llarlan, Harrison,
I Tavcn, Hickman, Ilolloway, Thomas R. Horton, Valentine
B. Horton, Howard, Hughston, Kelly, Kclsev. King, Knapp,
Knight, Knox, Kimkel, Leitei, Matteon, McCarty, Mc-
(iueen, Kilhan Miller, Millwaid, Moigan, Morrill, Noiton,
Andrew Oliver, Parker, Peek, Pennington, Pike, Prmgle,
Rieaud, Ritchie, Rivers, Robbms, Sahui, Sage, Sapp, how-
ard, Simmons, Samuel A. Smith, Spinner,"Stanton, Tap-
pan, Taylor, Thoiington, Thuiaton, Todd, Tratton, Under-
wood, Valk, Wakenian, Waldton. Cadwalad^r C. W;i-h-
buine, Elhhu B. Washbume, Wat-on, Welch. WelN,
Wheeler, Whitney, William.5, Woodrutl, Wood worth, nnd
'/olheotTor—100.
j NAYS—Messrs. Aiken, IleniyBennett, Hendley S Beri-
' nett, Benson, Brad^haw, Branch, Btoom, Burnett, C.ui.le,
Caruthers, Caskie, Bayaid Claike, Chapman, Iluwrll < \>bb,
Colfax, Cullen, Cumback, Danirell, Timothy Davi-, Dick,
Eustis, Evans, Florence, Galloway, Gieenwood, Thomas
L. Harris, Herbert, Houston, Georsre W. Jones, Kennelt,
Kidwell,Knowlton, Letcher, Lumpkin, Alexander K. Mar-
shall, Maxwell, McMullin, Smith Miller, Million. Mori,
Nichols, Mordecai Oliver, Peiry, Powell, Puryeai, Quit-
man, Ready, Richardson, Ituftin, Rm-t, Sandidye,
Sherman. Shorter, William Smith, WilliairfR. Smth,
Sneed, Stephens, Stranahan, Swope. Tyson, Vail, Wal-
bndgi', Walker, Warner, F.-iael Wa^hbutn, Walking
Wmslow, Wnnd, Damel B. Wii<:ht, and John V. Wn lu
So the bill was laid upon the table.
Pending the call of the roll,
Mr. FOSTER said: I think this bill ought to
pass; but as I am directly and personally inter-
ested in the question, I ask to be excused from
voting.
Mr. ORR, being without the bar when his
name was called, stated that, had he been present,
he should have voted in the negative.
Mr. THORINGTON. I move to reconsider
the vote by which the. bill was laid upon the
table, and also move that the motion to recon-
sider be laid upon the table.
Mr. COBB, of Alabama. I demand the yeas
and nays upon the latter motion; and call for
tellers upon the yeas and nays.
Tellers were not ordered; and the yeas and
nays were refused.
'I1 he motion to reconsider was laid upon the
table.
DUTIES ON IMPORTS.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio. I ask the unan-
imous consent of the House to make a report
from the Committee of Ways and Means upon
the subject of the tariff, with a view to have it
printed, and made the special order for the third
Monday in December next.
Mr. COBB, of Georgia. I do not object to the
report being made, but I object to its considera-
tion being made a special order at this time.
