1160
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 8,
the bill, but I want to make an inquiry of the
Chair. I understand that the original bill which
was referred to the committee has been reported
back with an amendment in the nature of a sub-
stitute: is that the condition of the matter now
before the House?
The SPEAKER. That is the character of the
amendment reportedly the Committee on Com-
merce.
Mr. HAVEN. If there is no intention to post-
pone, I desire to offer an amendment to the amend-
ment—which I believe is in order—that it may
be in the possession of the House, and that they
may have an opportunity to consider it. I regard
this as an important matter to all parts of the
House without reference to politics, and all have
an equal interest in the legislation upon this sub-
ject. With that view I propose to send up to
the desk an amendment to the amendment which
is now pending in the nature of a substitute.
Afterthat is offered and has been received by tne
House, I shall have no objection to postponing
the further consideration of the bill, if gentlemen
desire to do so.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I prefer that
the House should proceed with the consideration
of this bill at this time. It has been printed for
some time, and members have had an opportu-
nity, generally, I presume, to look into the sub-
ject. The bill has been very thoroughly consid-
ered, and I think the House is as fully prepared
to act upon it now as it will bo at any future
time. I ask that the amendment of the gentleman
from New York may be road, as it differs in some
few respects from the amendment now pending.
Mr. HAVEN. I desire the gentleman and the
House to understand that I have 110 desire to
postpone, but I understand that there was such
a desire m the House.
Mr. "YVASHBU11NE. I wish to have the bill
disposed of to-day.
Mr. 1IAVEN. Perhaps, before the amend-
ment is read, I might as well make this remark,
that the amendment which I propose is to strike
out pretty much all of the substitute which has
been reported by the committee, and that in pre-
paring it I have taken that substitute, changing
it in various particulars, but preserving its gen-
eral outline.
Mr. IIa>ex's amendment was reported, as
follows:
Stake out all of said amendment or substitute after the
word ^ license," m the second line thereof, and in place
thereof insert as follows:
Granted by any State or municipal authority, shall be
hercatter subject to the pi ©visions o i the steamboat, law of
.Augu-t 30, 1852, so far as lulates to the employment of li-
censed phots and licensed engineers, and so far as lelatcs
to the Hc-peeium of their hulls, boilers, ami machinery, and
to the {novisions (or the pioreetjon of lite against accidents
by lire and collision to .in extent satisfactory to the in-
spectors, to be stated m the cciuticaies of inspections; they
shall also be governed by Mich rules and icgulatioius tot
meeting and passing nil steamers, and ior exhibiting and
carrying lights, as shall be preset ibed by the board of super-
vising inspectors, to be also stated 111 such certificates of in-
spection 5 and such board of inspectors shall pre parti appio-
pnate certificates of such inspection, which may be issued
by any supervising inspector, or by any loeal board of in-
Bpcciors.
Skc 2. Jlnd be it further enacte.d, That steamers used as
tug-boats, towing-boats, 11 eight-boats, and steamers not ex-
ceeding one hundred and litty tons buiden, and used m whole
or m part m navigating any of the navigable waters of the
United States. «hall be h"ieai?er sublet to the provisions
of the 8teambo.it law of August 31), 1852, so far as 1 elates
to the employment of licensed pilots and licensed engi-
neers, and so "far as relates to the inspection of then boilers
and machinery; they shall also be governed bysuehiules
and regulations for meeting and passing ail steamers, and
for exhibiting and cuirjing light*, as shall be piesenbed by
the board of supervising inspectors, to be stated in the cer-
tificate of inspection, and such boaid of inspectors .shall
prepare appropriate certifieare-> of such inspection, which
may be issued by any supervising inspector m by -my loeal
board of mspectois: Proudedjibwcvei, Tliatrn the inspec-
tion ot the boilers and machinery, the test pres=uie to
which they shall be subjected shall beat least one third
more than the maximum working-pressure allowed.
Sec. 3. Jlnd be it further enacted, That steamers used as
ferry-boats., and tug-boats, towing-boats, freight-boats, and
steamers not exceeding one hundred and fifty tons burden,
and used m whole or m part in navigating any of the navi-
gable waters of the United States, shall pay for inspection,
in proportion to their tonnage, one half of the fees required
from passenger steamers by the steamboat law of August
SO, lo.)2.
Sec. 4. Jtnd be it fuithcr enacted, That if anv of the
steam vessels mentioned in the first and second se.choiwof
this act shall be navigated without compliance with the
terms ot said sections, the owneis theieof, and the vessel
itself, shall be &ubject to the penalties contained in the sec-
ond section of the act of July 7,1838; to tfe collected and
enforced as therein prescribed ; and if the master or owner
of any such vessel shall fail to have a certificate of the in-
spection required in said sections, conspicuously placed on
board such vessel, as is required on board passenger steam-
ers by the twenty-fifth section of the act to wluch this act
is an amendment, he or they shall be subject to the penalties
contained in said section.
Sec. 5. Jlnd be it further enacted, That instead of the
existing provisions of law in regard to the stowage and car-
rying of oil of turpentine and oil of vitriol on board of pas-
senger steamers, hereafter all oil or spirits of turpentine,
and oil of vitriol, may be carried on board such steamers,
provided such cil or spirits of turpentine be secured in casks,
well and securely bound with ii on, and oil of vitriol, nitric
and other chemical acids, be put up in vessels well pro-
tected fiom injury, as shall be prescribed by the inspectors,
and the whole well and safely stowed at a secure distance
from the boileis, and from all fires kept on board; and every
per&on who shall knowingly violate any of the provisions
of this section shall pay a penalty of $500 tor each offense,
to be recovered by action of debt in any court of compe-
tent jurisdiction.
See. 6. Jlnd be it further enactcd, That hereafter the pen-
alty for the infraction of the seventh section of the steam-
boat law of August 30, 1852, shall be not less than $100, and
not exceeding §1,000 for each offense, which amount shall
be fixed by the jury before which the trial shall be had-
Slc. 7. Jlnd bcit further enacted, That every person who
shall khowmgly ofier or deliver for shipment, or who shall
attempt to put 011 board, to cany or to be earned on any
such steamboat carrying passengers, any gunpowder, oil of
vitriol, oil or spints of tuipontine, or other like dangeious
ai tick's, contrary to the piovisions of the eighth section of
the law of August 30,1852, or the fifth section of this act,
shall, for cvciy such ofleu^e, be deemed guilty of misde-
meanor. and -shall be subject to the penalties prescribed re
speLiivcly in such sections.
Sro. 8. Jlnd he itjarihcr enacted, That hereafter, when-
ever batges, 01 other craft, shall be propelled or towed by a
passenger steamer, gunpowder shall not be conveyed on
boaid such barges, or other craft, except with the same pre-
cautions, and underthe .-ame io-trictu>ns, and subject to the
same penalties, as prescribed for such passenger steamer
by the steamboat law of August 30, IB52.
Sfc. 9. ~lnd he it further cnuctcd, That instead of the ex-
isting piovisions of law lelating to the use of lu-able alloys
upon lngh-pro>sure boilei.-, tbeicshaU be substituted fusible
plugs, or nvet<, of pure tin, of such dimensions, and inserted
in Mich position, as shall be prescribed by the inspectors.
Si:c. 10. And he it further enactcd, That if the owner or
owncis ot any steamer, or any officer theieof, or any other
person, shall inscribe, or place, or cause to be inscribed oi
placed, on the wheel-house, pilot house, buhvaiks, or any
other paitot Mich steamoi,or shall knowingly publish or
adveitise such steamer, by any name other than that by
which she is legistered, enrolled, or licensed, he or they
shall forfeit and pay, tor eveiy su< h offense, the suin of
$100, to be iceuveied by action of debt m any couit of com-
petent jurisdiction.
Skc. H. Jhid he it further enacted ^ That all high pres-
sure boilers, whether old or now, u -ed on passenger steameis
hciealtcr built, shall be subjected to the tules lor inspection
and test piesciibed m the fir^f part ot the third clau-e of the
ninth section oi the steamboat law of August 30,1852.
Pit:. 1*2. .2nd be it fml her emu ted, Tli.it for the better
secunty of life and piop'-rtv. it ^hall be the duty of the
owner or ma.-ter ot all sailing voxels ot o\crv description,
above the buiden of ten tons, whether on navigable water.-,
within the United States, or 011 the high sea-., or on the
Canadian wateis of the nouhein and northwestern lakes
and rivers, to comply with the loilowing regulations in
icspect to eauying lights during the night season, vj/: all
such vessels shall exhibit in so conspicuous a position that
the same can at all times be seen from appioaclung vessels,
bright light-*, as follows: when on the u starboard tack,"
shall show a red light; when on the u larboard tack," shall
show a gt ecu Might; and vessels going off large 011 the
'•staiboaid lack," shall show a white light immediately
above a red light; the distance of the one light above the
odiei not exceeding tour feet. When going off laige on the
"laiboaid tack," shall <-how a white light immediately
above agieen light, and the distance of the one light above
the othei not exceeding four feet. And vessels sailing be-
fore the wind, 01 being towed, ot at anchor or moored, shall
show a white light. A vessel shall be considered to be on
the "staiboard tack" when she is sailing with the wind
blowing upon her starboard side, and from a dueetion for-
ward of the beam. A vessel shall be eon&ideied to be on
the - larboaul tack" when she is sailing with the wind
blowing upon her kuboard side and from a direction for-
ward of the beam. A vessel shall be considered to bo
"going off huge on the starboanl tack," when she is going
off laigc with the wind blowing upon hei starboaid side,
and from a direction within six points abaft the beam. A
vessel shall be considered to be c* going off large on the
Jatboard tack," when she is going off large with the wind
blowing upon her larboard side, and from a direction withm
si* points abaft the beam. A vessel shall be considered to
be sailing befoie the wind, when sailing with the wind
within two points of " dead-aft" 011 either side. Jt shall be
the duty of sailing vessels, at all times, when steamers are
meeting or nearing them, without reference to the approach
of sueli steamer, to keep on their correct coarse, and the
dutv of avoiding collision will devolve upon the steamer.
I And it shall be the duty of the owner 01 master of every
I flat-boat, keel-boat, eanal-boal, barge, raft, or other river
craft, exceeding the burden of ten tons, 111 respect to which
no diffeient piovision is made by law, when under way or
being towed, or moored or at anchor, during the night season,
on any navigable stream, liver, or wateis wiihm the United
Slates, to exhibit a bright white light m such manner a3
to show the position of such flat-boat, keel-boat, canal-boat,
barge, rait, 01 other river craft, exceeding the burden of ten
tons. And it shall be the duty of the, owner or master of
ov\;ry such soiling vessel, flai-boat, keel-boat, canal-boat,
baige, rafr, 01 other mei craft, exceedingthe burden of ten
tons, when under way, 01 at anchor or nmoicd, on any nav-
igable waters ot the United State-, during a fog. snowstorm,
or thick weather, when an approaching vessel or steamer
cannot be seen at a distance of three bandied yaids, to
cause to be sounded at intei vala of not exceeding two
minutes, a suitable bell or horn, as a warning to approach-
ing vessels and steamers. And it shall be the duty of the
master or owner of ail steamers when under way upon any
navigable waters of the United States, during such fog,
snow-storm, or thick weather, to sound a proper steam
whistle as d wanting to other vessels, steamers, and ciaft;
and when at anchor or moored, to sound a suitable bell, at
intervals of not exceeding two minutes, as such warning.
And if any such owner or master shall neglect to comply
with any of the regulations contained in this scction, he or
they shall forfeit and pay, for eveiy such offense a penally
of $50; and if, by reason of such negligence, loss or damage
shall occur, he or they shall be liable to the injured party
tor all such loss or damage, and either penalty or damages,
or both, may be lecoveied by action of debt 111 any court
of competent jurisdiction.
Sec. 13. Jlnd be it further enactcd, That in addition to
the nine supervising inspectors, the appointment of which
is authorized by the eighteenth section of the act of August
30,185*2, one other, of like qualifications, shall be appointed
by the President, by and with the advice and consent of the
Senate, for the Pacific coast of the United States: Provided,
That this additional supervising inspector shall not be under
obligation to attend the meetings of the board oftener than
once m three years, but shall in the intervals thereof com-
municate with the said board in writing, and in all I11#
official acts and proceedings shall be governed by such
rules and regulations as may be from time to time estab-
lished by said board ? and a certified copy of such rules and
regulations, and all their proceedings, shall be forwarded to
lnm by the secretary of the said boaid. The compensation
of such supervising inspector for the Pacific coast shall be
$3,000 per annum.
Sec. 14. Jlnd he it further enacted, That in addition to
the local inspectors for the collection districts named in the
ninth scction of the act to which this is an amendment,
there shall be a boaid of local inspectors for the district of
Galena, 111 the State of Illinois; also a board of local in-
spectors for the district of Oregon City, in the Terufory of
Oregon; such inspectors shall be appointed in the same
manner, and shall have such character and like qualifica-
tions and powers, and shall discharge the same duties, as
are icquited of the local inspectors now holding appoint-
ments undei the said act.
Sec. 15. Jlnd be it further enacted, That there shall be
an assistant inspector of hulls, and an assistant inspector
of boilers and machinery, for the district of New York.
Switch assistant inspectors shall be appointed in like manner
with the local inspectors, and with like powers; subject,
however, in the petformance of their duties, to the control
and direction of such loeal inspectors. Such assistant in-
spector shall be governed by the instructions which may
be given them from time to time by the supervising inspector
of the distiict, 111 the same manner as required of the local
inspectors aheady appointed by the act of August 30,1852.
Sec. 16. Jlnd be it further cnacted, That m case of one
of the members of any local boaid becoming incapacitated
for the performance of his duties by sickness or other cause
during the absence of the supervising inspector from the
port where such board is located, also in case a vacancy m
a local boaid shall occur in consequence of death, resigna-
tion, or removal,the remainmginspectormay callmproper
and competent aid to assi&t in making inspections; and
certificates of such inspections, made out by the remaining
member of the board, shall be valid, and of full force and
eflect, and shall wan ant the collector, or other chief officer
of customs, m issuing enrollments and licenses: Provided,
The reason of the omission of one inspector's signature upon
the certificate be mdoised upon the same, with tiie name
of the party who aided in such inspections ; and licenses
issued to ptlots and engineers under the same circumstances
and conditions, and having the signature of but one of the
inspectors, shall be considered a valid license, and of ful
force and effect.
Sec. 17. Jlnd he, it further enacted, That the local in-
spectors in the following districts shall each be allowed,
annually, the following compensation, to be paid underthe
direction of the Secretaiy of the Treasury, in the manner
officers of the revenue are paid:
District of Portland, $500 each.
District of Boston, $1,000 each.
District of New London, $600 each.
District of New Yoik, $2,000 each.
District of New Yoik, assistants, $1,200each.
District of Philadelphia. .$1,500 each.
District of Baltimoie, $1,500 each.
District of Noifolk, §600 each.
Distiict of Chaileston, .$-600 each.
District of Savannah, $600 each.
District of New Oi leans, §2,400 each.
District of Mobile,$1,000 each.
District of Galveston, $400 each.
District of California, §2,500 each.
District of St. Louis, $1,800 each.
Distiict of Nashville, $800 each.
District of Louisville, $1,800 each.
District of Cincinnati, $1,800 each.
District of Wheeling, $800 each.
District of Pittsburg, $1,800 each.
District of Chicago, $800 each.
District of Detroit, $1,200 each.
District of Cleveland, $800 each.
District of Buffalo, §1,500 each.
District of Oswego, $500 each.
District of Burlington, $500 each.
Distiict of Galena, $700 each.
District of Oregon, $1,200 each.
Sec. 18. Jlnd be it further enacted, That all penalties im-
posed by the steamboat law of July 7, 1838, or the act
; amending the same, passed August 30,1852. or any of the
acts amending the said act of August 30,1852, or of tins
aet, may be recovered in an action of debt by any per&ou
wiio will sue therefor, as informer, in any United States
court; one half of such penalty to be for the use and benefit
of the informer, and the other half to the use ot the United
States; or the said penalty or penalties may be prosreuted
for, by indictment, m either of said courts ; and any suit
which shall be commenced m consequence of uifounation
given by any supervisingor local inspector shall be brought
