484
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 18,
\
of an investigation into the physical and mental
eon&itton, personal habits, and character ol these
officers, and also into their ability to discharge
efficiently all the duties of the deck at sea. And
in this, it may be, some have been found wanting.
In a bureau, or a dock-yard, an^ officcr may be
enable of discharging his duty with consummate
ability, whomight, nevertheless, be very inefficient
en board ship. Indeed, of a sailor, it may be
said, as of a poet, with some degree of truth,
" Nafcttnr noil jit." This qualification of sea-
manship on the pajt of an officer can only be
kjiown by those with whom he has sailed—who
have had opportunities of personally witnessing
-his ability to manage a ship under all the varying
circumstances of sunshine and of storm. There
may be officers who, taking no interest in their
orofession, and with no taste or aptitude for it,
have neglected to accomplish themselves in this
important branch of their duty, and hove thus
become- inefficient in its discharge. And as, by
the rule of Qur service, all rise to promotion by
seniority, there may be others who have regarded
& profession with indifference in which merit and
skill procure no advancement, and have made no
exertions to attain proficiency in it. Hence the
difficulty which the Department has sometimes
experienced in obtaining promptly officers for a
sliip destined for a distant or unhealthy station.
Excuses are made, and sick certificates sent in,
to obtain relief from orders. A nd these, backed,
as frequently they have been, by political influ-
ence, have not always been made in vain. And
thus it is to be feared that there have been officers
in our Navy with whom, from neglecting their
duties at sea, and from inaptitude for their pro-
fession, it would not be prudent to trust the
safety of a ship. A ship, in charge of an unskillful
officer, might perish in a gale, when, if an efficient
officer were in command, she would survive it.
I have myself heard officers say, that when Mr.
So-and-so had the mid-watch, in a squally night,
there was not much sound sleep by the watch
below. How many officers (if any) have been
retired for incompetency of this kind, I do not
know.
From the consideration, then, of the physical,
xherital,and moral condition of an officer, his sea-
service, his shore-service, the time unemployed,
and his capacity on ship board, the board formed
their judgment as to his ability, in the language
of the law, " to perform, promptly and efficiently,
all his duty ashore and afloat;" and so reported
their finding to the Executive.
' And, Mr. President, I will here ask whether
the selection of the members who composed this
board, for all these purposes, was not a good one ?
Sir, I take it upon myself to say, from having
had at the time of its being announced, opportu-
nities of knowing the feelings of the officers of
the Navy, that had they been called upon to make
a selection by ballot of the officers to constitute
this board, very little change would have been
made from the one ordered by the Secretary.
• It was hailed everywhere with acclamations of
satisfaction, and by none more than by officers
of the Navy, some of whom, it is said, are now
complaining of its action. They were perfectly
satisfied; everybody was satisfied, until the re-
sult of their labors had been made known. Then,
however, it was discovered that blameless and
efficient officers had been displaced to make room,
in a superior grade, for junior officers who were |
members of this board; then it was discovered |
that secret, malign influences had been at work;;
then were remembered old quarrels and diffi-.
cultics with members of the board, long sincc j
perhaps forgotten, by at least one of the parties;:
then was it charged that, to gratify a dastardly :
spirit of revenge, advantage had been taken of an j
irresponsible position to strike along-delayed and i
coward blow at a defenseless brother officer. j
But, of all this, not a word before the finding !
of the board was made pnbbe, no protests against
star-chamber inquisitions, against secret tribu-
nals,- against the propriety and legality of trying
and condemning a party with out a hearing—with-
out an opportunity of confronting accusers and
cross-examining witnesses; not a word of all
this, until the judgment of the board had been
made known.
he- law was passed on the 28th day of Feb-
rtisBtf, 1855. The board convened on the 20th
d&y of June, and concluded its labors on the 26th
day of July, 1855. The appointment of the
board and the meeting of the board were pub-
lished throughout the country, and known to
everybody, and especially to those who were
directly interested in its proceedings. This, then,
was the accepted time for protests against secret
tribunals and star-chamber inquisitions. This
was the time for protests against a mode of
procedure which, all knew, must necessarily be
adopted by the board. But there were none, sir,
no protests, no remonstrances, no objections, no
complaints.
And, Mr. President, I will be excused, I trust,
for expressing my belief in the impartiality and
fairness of this board, and that its members con-
scientiously and fearlessly discharged their duty
to the best of their ability, and with a single view
to the efficiency of the Navy.
Errors have been committed, but not, as I be-
lieve, intentional ones. Perhaps, to some extent,
they were unavoidable. Differences of opinion
existed in the board itself in regard to the classifi-
cation of the retired officers. But who believes
in the charges of recklessness, selfishness, ambi-
tion, and cruelty deliberately perpetrated, which
have been made against the members who com-
posed it? Mistakes were made, but these, when-
ever they arc found to have occurred, will be
corrected. The President of the United States
has declared that, upon becoming satisfied that
any officer has been displaced without sufficient
cause, it will afford him the highest satisfaction,
and he will regard it as a duty, to restore him to
his original position, so far as he can do so.
But It has been said that the board exceeded
their powers under the law, and that, therefore,
all their acts are null and void. Now, Mr.
President, what were the powers conferred by the
act of February 28, 1855, on this board? If I
understand them rightly, they amount to nothing.
It had no power whatever conferred on it. A
duty, and a most painful duty, was imposed, but
no power conferred, unless an order of a superior
authority to an inferior one, to give its advice and
opinion on a practical subject, may be so con-
strued. It was merely an advisory body, selected
to aid the Executive in promoting the efficiency
of the Navy. It is precisely such a board as the
President would have convened to aid him in
carrying the law into effect, had no provision
whatever for that purpose been incorporated in
the law itself. It was precisely such a board as
was convened by President Madison in JH15, to
reduce the Army of the United States after the
war with Great Britain; precisely such a board
as was ordered by President Polk in 1848, to
reduce the marine corps, after the war with Mex-
ico. Their sessions, like the board of 1855, were
secret, their decisions prompt, and then* reports
made to the President, with their recommenda-
tions, without any reasons given for their action;
and they were adopted and carried into effect.
Now, Mr. President, the disbandment of the
officers of the army in 1815 caused, as is well
known, great suffering. Hundreds of meritori-
ous officers were thrown entirely out of employ-
ment and rendered unfit m many instances for
toil by hard service in the tented field. No pro-
vision but the smallest pension was ever made for
those whose health had bt en destroyed by severe
campaigns, or who had been disabled by wounds
for the active pursuits of life; and pensions were
the same for every officer of the same grade, with-
out distinction as to merits or to services. No
retired lists with liberal provision for the merito-
rious were then provided for those who had cov-
ered themselves with glory on the frontiers of
Canada or on the plains of Louisiana. Their
services were no longer required by their country,
and they were dropped altogether from the rolls
of the Army, without any provision for the future
being made for them.
I do not mean, Mr. President, to assert that
the cases arc analogous. But yet the gallant
officers of that war might have expected some
little consideration at the hands of a country they
had served so well. But I have made this digres-
sion from the question directly before the Senate,
for the purpose of contrasting the liberality of
Congress in the act of February, 1855, to pro-
mote the efficiency of the Navy with the treat-
ment of the discharged officers in 1815 and 1848.
Under these circumstances, 1 hope I may then
be permitted tosav that the act of Congress which
has been so severely condemned by some distin-
guished Senators was one of great liberality, and
reflects high honor upon the Congress which
adopted and the Executive which approved it.
In its execution, as I have said before, mistakes
may have been made—I doubt not have been—but
by no means so many as some Senators suppose.
These can be corrected—nay, will be corrected;
but the law itself, sir, is a good law; and I be-
lieve the public dissatisfaction with the Navy was
such that, had no such lawbeen enacted, the whole
Navy by general consent would have been abol-
ished. It has saved the Navy—it has increased
its efficiency—it has inspired a new spirit m its
officers. The good effects are already being felt,
and will continue to be so more and more here-
after.
But, sir, to return. What was the power, as
it is called, of this board, as conferred oy the act
of February 28, 1855? I have already referred
to its provisions, and it is not necessary to repeat
them. These show conclusively that ltwasmade
the duty of this board simply to recommend, not
to execute—to give their opinions as to the rela-
tive efficiency or inefficiency of the officers of the
Navy, and, in cases of inefficiency, to express
their belief as to the causes which created it.
The expression of an opinion on the sub-
mission of a report by an officer or a board of
officers, when called for by authority, on any
proper subject, can surely not be called an illegal
proceeding or an excess of power, and especially
when it is given in obedience to an act of Con-
gress and the order of the President of the
United States. How then this board, having no
power except to advise and recommend, have
exceeded their powers, when they did nothing
else but advise and recommend, I am at a loss to
understand. But had this board pursued the
course of proceeding which distinguished Sena-
tors have indicated, they would then have greatly
exceeded their authority, and would have de-
served a sharp rebuke from the Executive and
from Congress for the usurpation of powers not
granted to them by the law. Where, I ask Sena-
tors, are we to find in that law authority for this
board to constitute itself into a general court-
martial for the trial of all the officers of the Navy ?
Where tho authority to summon witnesses, to
administer oaths, or to hear counsrl ? Certainly
these powers arc not to be found m the act, and
the hoard had no inherent right to assume or ex-
ercise them without a law for thS purpose. But
then has not the President exceeded his powers
in the execution of this law ? Let us see. The
power of the President of the United States to
discharge any officer m the naval or military
service of the Government, without assigning
any reason whatever for so doing, is not ques-
tioned. He could therefore have dropped fi cm
the rolls of the Navy altogether, all those who
have been retired, without the additional power
conferred by Congress by the act of February,
1855.
But, sir, there were many officers in the service,
who, though inefficient from age and infirmity, and
i unable longer to discharge all their duty promptly
I and efficiently ashore and afloat, who were never-
i heloss entitled, from past services, to the gratitude
and protection of their country. To discharge
such officers from the service altogether, would
have been barbarous and cruel in the extreme; and
it was to provide for them an honorable retire-
ment, on liberal, nay generous pay, that the law
was passed to establish a reserved list in the Navv.
The power of the President to dismiss altogeth-
er from the service was not doubted, but he had
no power, until the enactment of this law, to drop
| from the active list of the Navy and retire upon
a reserved list such officers as were incapable of
peiformmg, efficiently, all their duty ashore and
afloat—they receiving, on such reserved lists, cer-
tain rates of pay fixed by the act, and rendered
"ineligible to further promotion." This was really
the only power granted to the President which
he did not possess before.
By the order of the Secretary of the Navy, a
board of officers was convened to report "the
nomesand rank of officers who, in the judgment
of the board, should be placed on the reserved
list, or dropped altogether from the rolls of the
Navy." But the report and finding were of no
avail whatever until they were approved by the
President of the United States. His approval
