426
appendix to the congressional globe.
[April 24,
34th Cong....1st Sess.
Naval Retiring Board—Mr. Houston.
Senate.
very sorry that I have not the Globe here before
me in which my colleague's statements are con-
^Mr! IVERSON. If the Senator will allow me,
I will say that I may remember them, as I was
pavticeps crtwiiwts in the transaction at the time.
The Senator from Louisiana [Mr. Slisell] did
deny that Commodore Perry ever wrote such a
letter, and, as evidence of the fact, he produced
the original letter.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I am now referring, not to
the letter, but to the pretended statements by Mr.
Bartlett of a verbal conversation. The Senator
from Texas says that this conversation between
Lieutenant Bartlett and Commodore Perry was
repeated in the Senate in the presence of my col-
league, and not denied by him.
Mr. HOUSTON. I hope the gentleman will
not become too much excited. I will correct
Mr. BENJAMIN. I am not excited; but I
do not intend that my colleague's position shall
oe misrepresented, through error on the part of
the Senator from Texas.
Mr. HOUSTON. I said that the remarks of
the Senator^ colleague grew out of a reference to
die quotation from a letter of Commodore Perry
to Mr. Parker. I do not say that the statement
which I have just presented. has ever been read
sn the Senate before; and because I believe it had
not been read, I proposed to read it on this occa-
sion that it should go out on the authority of a
Senator.
Mr. BENJAMIN. The Senator from Texas,
then, does not pretend this statement has ever been
read in the presence of my colleague without con-
tradiction ?
Mr. HOUSTON. I never did pretend it.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I am satisfied, sir.
Mr. HOUSTON. But I pretend,and I assert,
that it has been published in the newspapers for
weeks and months, and that it has never met a
contradiction, that I have discovered, from Com
modore Perry.
Mr. BENJAMIN. It was published unsigned
—an anonymous communication.
Mr. HOUSTON. Ah! that has very little to
do with the contradiction of a falsehood; I appre-
hend the Senator would not be prevented from
contradicting a falsehood by any nice considera-
tions as to whether it was signed, or sealed, or de-
livered, if it was generally circulated. I have
never seen it contradicted, and I have seen the
statement corroborated by Mr. Gibson's letter
which was read here yesterday. That embodies,
substantially, a conversation of the same import,
but it did not go into the same details that appear
here. It has remained uncontradicted by Com-
modore Perry. I mean no reflection or dispar-
agement on Commodore Perry. 1 read this state-
ment without intending to implicate him in any
way; because I believe he told the truth, the whole
truth, and nothing but the truth, when he called
the board a set of " packed conspirators." That
is just what I believe about them.
I will inform the Senator from Louisiana [Mr.
Benjamin] that it was entirely in relation to the
quotation used by Lieutenant Bartlett, in this
communication to a friend, that the discussion
arose between the Senator from Georgia [Mr.
Iverson] and the Senator from Louisiana, [Mr.
Slidell,] in which the latter denounced, in the
most unmeasured terms, Mr. Bartlett, as having
stated a falsehood, and perhaps said he w&s de-
graded, or something of that sort. It is very
easy to say such things; but I do not recollect
that he ever opposed a contradiction to the de-
tailed conversation given by, or imputed to, Lieu-
tenant Bartlett in this paper. It was only to the
use of the words " monstrous injustice" that he
objected. I believe it wag with reference to that
very expression used in the conversation with
Lieutenant Bartlett, that he placed his quotation
to the letter to Mr. Parker; but his veracity is
equal to that of any gentleman. I have not the
least doubt that his services and standing in the
Navy, his spotless reputation, his intelligence,
and chivalry, are as irreproachable as those of
any gentleman who sat on the retiring board. I
except none for useful and efficient service—he is
certainly equal to any.
Mr. President, a controversy arose in relation
to a book which the venerable Senator from Del-
aware imputed to Mr. Du Pont. I have informed
myself in relation to it. It was a book written
on the defenses of the country, and for which !
Sir General Somebody Douglas complimented \
Lieutenant Du Pont. I believe it amounted to
a pamphlet, or something about that size, and
was circulated broadcast. Some one wrote him a
letter about it. I do not know for what purpose
it was written; perhaps it was the same kind of j
a letter as that written to Mr. Thorburn. The j
venerable Senator from Delaware was somewhat j
discourteous, and used harsh contradictions in j
relation to my misapprehension of this book, and
imputed rather a want of intelligence or a want
of voracity to me. I do not know which he in- j
tended should be the' inference. From his first
remarks I supposed that he referred to a book
which Mr. Du Pont had a hand in writing—Reg-
ulations for the Navy of the United States. Being
informed on that subject, I had, in reply to the
Senator's " executive session" speech, in which
he inaugurated Mr. Du Pontes fame into the
Senate, alluded to the book, supposing that he
had the credit of writing but one book; but I am
willing now to ascribe to him the credit of writing
two books, or as many as you please. Certainly, ;
according to the Senator from Delaware, Mr. Du j
Pont is responsible for the book to which I re-
ferred ; for he said that Du Pont never follows, i
whether old or young, but he leads wherever his [
country's interest or honor requires him. I pre- |
sume he would not participate in anything not ;
j involving the country's interest or honor; and
therefore, as the book to which I alluded was
prepared by a board, composed of Commodore .
Morris, Commodore Shubrick, Commodore Skin-
ner, and Commander Du Pont, I suppose that he ,
should be held accouj^ible for it. j
There is a singulwcoincidence between the
principles laid down *in his book of regulations
and the principles upon which the retiring board
acted. This book was prepared by a committee
of officers. It comprised two hundred and fifty
pages—quite a respectable-sized book. They
had it printed without the order of Congress, and
had it sanctioned by the then President of the
United States. As it was done under a former
j Administration, and aa there were son^ things
rather alarming in it, overturning the principles
of judicial procedure, and as there hai been no
legal enactment in regard to the compilation, it
was thought proper by the Secretary of the Navy
to refer it to the Attorney General for his opinion.
I have here his opinion on some of the regulations,
and I must say that they are of the rarest char-
acter that I have ever seen. I have taken extracts
from these regulations and the Attorney General's
opinion. I could not bring the whole book here.
I am aware that some gentlemen except to my
reading extracts not sufficiently copious, but I
really think they are. This is at least very demon-
strative and suggestive in its character.
The Attorney General says:
" So in the thirty-fifth chapter articles occur oil the sub-
jects of courts-martial wliich are in pari materia with pro-
visions of the act of Congress, and are in effect abrogatory
or emendatory of the same, as plainly as a new act of Con-
gress could be.
" Again, one of the articles in the same chapter changes
the whole theory of judicial procedure by forbidding the
court to receive evidence of the previous good charac-
ter and former services of the accused in mitigation of the
punishment to be awarded. This provision, which is the
more observable when compared with anotherarticle which
allows evidence to be introduced of previous bad character,
may, or may not, be wise; it is, at any rate, a very positive
act of legislation."
That is a novelty; bat it is the principle on
which the retiring board acted. They only sought
| accusations against officers; but we have heard
of no extenuating circumstances, and of nothing
received by them in mitigation. The Attorney
General says further of this book:
" Numerous other examples might be given of specific
provisions of the 'system of orders,' which are, in every
essential quality, acts of general legislation as clearly and
emphatically as any part of the subsisting laws enacted by
Congress for the government, either of the Navy or the
Army.
" I am of opinion, therefore, that the ' system of orders
and instructions' under examination, being a code of laws
and an act of legislation, was in derogation, as such, of the
constitutional powers of Congress, and, as the mere act of
the President in a matter not within his executive jurisdic-
tion, is destitute of legal validity or effect."
" Hence, the ' system of orders and instructions' for the
Navy, issued by President Fillmore, as Executive of the
United States, ' February 15,1853, is without Ipgal validity,
and in derogation of the powers of Congress.'"
This was the emanation of the gentleman who
compiled and prepared these regulations for the
conduct of the Navy; and for which, according
to the suggestions of the Senator from Delaware,
Mr. Du Pont, must be in great part responsible,
he never being second on any occasion to old or
young.
It is said, Mr. President, by the venerable Sen-
ator from Delaware, that Commodore Parker
would be obliged to no one for having introduced
his name. The allusion was to a document sent
here in answer to a resolution offered by myself,
calling for some information. When the docu-
ment came, it included a letter which the Senator
thought would prejudice Commodore Parker.
That letter is placed in the very first part of the
communication of the Secretary of the Navy,
though it was of a date subsequent to many letters
contained in the same document, which are put
out of place. I have not the pleasure of knowing
Commodore Parker; but to show that he was
entitled to the highest credit and commendation
I will refer to the following letter of Captain Pen-
dergrast:
Washington City, July 31,1853.
Sir: In compliance with your request of yesterday I
have the honor to submit the following statement:
I commanded the Saranac steamer for thirteen months,
under Commodore Parker, and during that time was a mess-
mate of his. This association led to the most cordial and
affectionate regard for him personally, and impressed me
with the highest respect for him as an able and efficient
commander of a squadron. I have no hesitation in saying
that I have never known a squadron better managed than
the Home squadron has been by Commodore Parker; nor
have I known any one who has acquitted himself better, or
who has made a more favorable impression on foreigners.
Commodore Parker had confided to him, during his com-
mand in the West Indies, many delicate and important
trusts, and in the discharge of his duties on those occasions
he displayed great judgment and ability, and I have reason
to believe his conduct was most cordially approved of by
our Government.
I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient
servant,
g. J. pendergrast, Commander.
Hon. John P. Kennedy,
Secretary of the Navy, Washington City.
This is the opinion of Captain Pendergrast,
approving and certifying to the conduct of Com-
modore Parker. If Commodore Parker was de-
linquent, Captain Pendergrast has either failed to
state the truth, or he has done what is equivalent
to it—he has concealed the truth. If the commo-
dore was culpable, he has not told it. What does
it amount to ? We find that individuals have had
charges against them smothered; that they have
not been exposed to reprehension, investigation,
or condemnation, but that they have escaped
through the favoritism of the Secretary of the
Navy, and have not been held accountable.
Since the time when Mr. Bancroft was in the
Department, we find that there has been a sys-
tematic attempt to conceal charges against officers,
and not to bring them to trial when they have
been repeatedly accused of improper conduct.
Successive Secretaries, instead of investigating
such charges, have permitted them to be sup-
pressed, or compromised, orwithdrawn, when it
was their bounden duty to see that they were
held amenable.
But, Mr. President, my friend from South Car-
olina [Mr. Butler] made some explanations in
regard to a few matters to which I alluded on a
former occasion. I referred to some circumstances
that took place on the Brazilian squadron at Rio
Janeiro. To my statement my friend from South
Carolina took exception. Commodore Shubrick
in his letter of October 28, 1846, to Commo-
dore Rousseau, inclosing the survey that had
taken place on the vessel Saratoga, remarks
that " the Saratoga having been found, on ex-
amination, unfit to'continue her cruise around
Cape Horn in her present condition, he has or-
dered Commodore Shubrick to report to him
(Rousseau) that, after having repaired the inju-
ries sustained by the vessel, he may exercise the
discretion given him in the letter of the Depart-
ment of 20th July last. Commodore Shubrick
says further that in the course of her repairs she
may be found even in a worse state than rep-
resented—if so, taking into consideration the
length of time which has elapsed since she was
