THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 18,
successful ? Sir, the greatest of all earthly re-
forms—that which was carried forward in the
person of Divinity itself, from which the honor-
able Senator from'Virginia drew an illustration the
other day, to sustain his argument, when he ex-
tracted from His prayer the expressive petition,
"lead us not into temptation"—was attacked;
and that Divine Individual himself, the greatest
of all earthly reformers, was crucified; but, sir,
,ihe reform which he originated went onward, and
will go-onward so long as civilization shall last.
The honorable Senator from South Carolina,
who drew upon the fictitious history of Homer
to show that old men should be preserved in ser-
vice, mighthave found a stronger argument if he
had come down to less remote history. Take the
history of our country. In the war of 1812,
while we preserved the heroes of the Revolution
as our leaders, did not disaster and defeat mark
the course of our armies? But for the resplend-
ent victory of New Orleans, and some excellent
fighting in the neighborhood of Gtueenstown, we
should have come out of that contest much the
worse. Take a still more rcccnt case; take the
renowned hero of Britain, Admiral Napier. Ho,
it was said, sailed with the best fleet that ever
went out upon the waters—he traversed the Baltic
and returned—and he was retired by the voice of
the British people; and now lie stands clamoring;
against his Government, as these dropped and
retired officers do here.
Does the military service of Great Britain in
the Crimea furnish us with any better example?
I think not. I voted for this law, and I am pre-
pared to say to-day, upon the fullest considera-
tion of that vote, that it was right. If injustice
has been done under it, in the mode of its execu-
tion, the facts in any case have not reached my
oar and my judgment. With the vast number of
the cases I am not acquainted, and therefore of
them I shall not speak. With several of them
I am acquainted; and if it shall ever be presented
in the Senate, as a question for me to vote upon,
I shall most certainly vote to sustain the action
of that board, or rather the action of the Presi-
dent of the United States founded upon the rec-
ommendation of the board. Why, sir, what says
my honorable friend from South Carolina, in de-
scribing the cases that have come under his im-
mediate attention? He says in respect to one of
them, that an officer who was dropped is a man
who appears to be intoxicated wiien he is not;
but he concedes that he does drink: and, he says,
he has heard it asserted that '• Old Tom," as he
calls him,il cannot be made drunk." I beg leave
to ask the Senate and the country if oft-repeated
experiments for the purpose of making " old
Tom," or any other man, drunk, will be likely
to redound to the efficiency of the United States
Navy?
Mr. BTJTLER. I hope the Senator will allow
me to correethim with regard to that point. The
gentleman who spoke to me in reference to that
case was on the court-martial which tried Cap-
tain Peltigru, and ho said to ine (hut then) was
an error pervading the common mind in relation
to the habit attributed to Captain Pettigru by De
Camp. Ho is a festive-tempered man; but he
declared to me that, on duty, nothing of the sort
could be fairly imputed to him. 1 do not under-
take to say, however, that lie belongs to a tem-
perance society. [Laughter.]
Mr. STUART. I took the statement of the
honorable Senator himself. As I remarked, I do
not know the individual; and m that respect he
stands to mo in the same position with all these
officers, except, perhaps, five or six. It seemed
to me, as I said, that repeated efforts to drink
him, or any other man, drunk, carried on by an
officer of the Navy, would not be likely to add to
the efficiency of the Navy.
It is not to be disguised that in the Navy, as
well as everywhere else, there arc all sorts of
morality. It has been well said that the Navy
is adorned by some of the most brilliant men
living or that have lived. It is true. They
would be an ornament to any service; but it is
equally true, that within its ranks there were men
\vho would disgrace any well-regulated society,
it was to purge the Navy—it was to do what it
>vas impossible to do without it—thot Congress
passed this law, seeking to discriminate, and
wisely to discriminate, between those who were
mid those who were not; seeking to
discriminate, further, between those who were
inefficient on account of their own act, for which
they were responsible, and those who were in-
efficient without any fault of their own.
Mr. President, I exceedingly regret that it be-
comes necessary, m a preliminary discussion of
this question, to state these home truths. But,
sir, it has struck me from the outset, that those
who have attacked this law have insisted upon it.
The question might have been taken upon* this
resolution days ago, if those who were most
strongly in favor of it would have allowed the
discussion to end. It cannot be denied that the
honorable gentleman from Delaware, [Mr. Clay-
ton,] not now in his seat, arose early in this do-
bate and suggested—and no honorable gentleman
could suggest it with more propriety—that all
discussion upon the respective merits of the law
itself, or of individuals connected with it, should
be deferred until the Committee on Naval Affairs
should have reported, and the cases could be
brought before us in executive session. If that
suggestion had been adopted, there would have
been no difficulty; but the discussion has been
pressed, and individual names have been pressed
before the Senate; and when that course is persist-
ed in,it seems to be required at the hands of Sen-
ators who disagreed to the statements made that
they should make that disagreement known.
Sir, he who insists that some old men in the
Navy, who have hitherto been the ablest in it, are
efficient to-day, so insists against the settled laws
that govern mankind. He so insists against the
law of old age aud death, when he says that a
man at seventy years of age is as efficient as the
same man was at thirty-live or forty. Then, let
us not. complain ngflinst the law of Congress.
It is the law of the Deity. It was to provide the
means of support, which those gentlemen have
so well earned, not only for their comfort, but
for their luxury to every proper extent, that this
law was passed. It is not denied, as has been
asserted here again and again, that the President
has the powei to drop any officer he chooses. It
cannot be denied that the honorable Senator from
Connecticut was equally right when he said the
President possesses the power to nominate any
individual he chooses. I submit to that, hon-
orable Senator, that this law does not seek to de-
prive the President of that right. It only declares
that the men thus retired shall not be eligible m
the line of promotion; but he can nominate any
one of them to fill any vacancy which shall exist
hereafter. That is all the law declares; and that
it had a right to declare. It had a right to declare
that when the President should have rctned offi-
cers in the Navy, they should no longer be in the
line of promotion. The act of the President
retiring them from the Navy is an act, which,
under the Constitution, he had a right to per-
form. I think the insertion of these words in the
law only declared what would have been the
effect without them—that an officer, who, by the
act of the President, was taken out of the line of
the service, should be by that fact, out of the line
of promotion; but it was clearly competent for
the law thus to declare him out of the lmo of pro-
motion.
Mr. TOUCEY. Will the honorable Senator
allow me to interrupt him ?
Mr. STUART. Certainly.
Mr. TOUCEY. The expression of the law is
that the officer " shall be ineligible to further
promotion;'' not out of the line of promotion.
Mr. STUART. Certainly; but, Mr. Pres-
ident, iu constiuing a law it is to be construed as
a whole. The rules of construing a statute arc
as familiar to the honorable Senator from Con-
necticut as to any other honorable gentleman.
They require that, in construing it, it shall be so
done, if the Jaw will permit it, as to make it har-
monious in itself, so as to carry out the object
intended; and in doing that, the construction of
this declaration is, simply, that they are retired
from the Navy, and retired on such grade of pay
as the President, under that law, shall fix; and
being so retired, are ineligible to promotion, as
they would be if they had remained in the line
of the service. That is the construction of the
law.
Now, sir, with every disinclination to consume
the time of the Senate, I have done all that I de-
sire to do, I have said enough to make intelligi-
ble any vote I may give on this question. I have
said enough to give my views of the construction
of the act, and of the effect of its repeal. Enter-
taining these views, and having the respcct which
I have for the officers retired, I can never vote to
repeal that law; because the sole effect of its
repeal would be to leave them out of the Navy,
and without any compensation. As to this re-
solution of inquiry, I am ready to vote for it in
its most unlimited extent, so as to give us any
information which can be derived from any and
every source on the subject. If we are to act, we
are to act in review upon these questions; and
calm, deliberate investigation and consideration,
I think, will bo as likely to qualify us for appro-
priate judgment as an enthusiastic eulogium on
individuals upon whom we are to pass our judg-
ment.
Mr. HALE. I call for the reading of the res-
olution before the Senate.
Mr. TOUCEY. Will the Senator from New
Hampshire allow me to say a word ?
Mr. HALE. Certainly; but I hope the Sen-
ator will allow the resolution to be-read, and then
I will give way.
The Secretary read the resolution.
Mr. TOUCEY. As the Senator from Mich-
igan has called ija^qnestion the correctness of the
opinion which Expressed, I beg leave to pro-
pound an interrogatory to him. Irlave the officers
on the retired list been dropped from the Navy,
or are they still in office? and do they yet hold
their commissions? Will he favor me with an
answer to that question?
Mr. STUART. Certainly. I thought I made
myself understood on that topic before. I say
that those officers are not in the line of the Navy.
I stated that it might not he entirely proper to
say that they were out of the Navy, deprived of
their commissions; but to show that they were
not in the Navy I applied this test: if one of them
should resign or die to-day, he would leave no
office vacant to be filled.
Mr. TOUCEY. I meant to ask this question—
not whether they were in the Navy, but whether
they were in office, and whether tlicy still held
their commissions?
Mr. STUART. Wei!, sir, I say that, strictly
speaking, they do not; and they can only bo
properly described by using the very language of
the law—they are officers retired from the Navy.
Mr. TOUCEY. They are officers?
Mr. STUART. They are officers retired from
the Navy; and they do not strictly hold an office,
because if they held an office, on their resignation
or decease, that office would be vacant to be filled.
Mr. TOUCEY. I think I understand the hon-
orable Senator from Michigan. He avows the
opinion that those upon the retired list are offi-
cers. He designates them as such. It would be
impossible for him to say that they were not offi-
cers. If they are officers, they hold the office by
virtue of a nomination by the President and con-
firmation by the Senate; otherwise they are not
| officers. That is clear. I put to him the question
| whether they had bcufi, in the language of the
act, " dropped from the rolls." I suppose the
i honorable Senator understands perfectly that they
j have not been dropped from the rolls. If they
i had been, it would have been in consequence of a
; law by which it was provided to drop from the
| rolls, as well all those who are stricken from them
I by order of the President, as those who are not
| dropped from the rolls, but are on the retired list,
i receiving the pay attached to the offices which
, they hold, with their commissions unrevoked,
: liable, in the expiess language of the law, to be
called into service at any time by the President
i or by the Navy Department.
| Now, I ask is it possible that any Senator can
suppose that any person is cm officer and yet that
I he has no office? An officer without office! An
! officer with pay, without an office 1 An officer
; appointed by the President and confirmed by the
; Senate, with a commission, and yet without an
i office! Why, sir, it is an absurdity in terms—
I beg pardon of the gentleman; I mean that it
strikes my mind as an absurdity in terms; and it
is always a rule that any theory which results in
an absolute absurdity is unfounded and cannot
be sustained. It will not stand the test of reason
and of argument. The honorable Senator asks
whether, if one of them were to die, the office
would be vacant? Suppose it should not be,
what then? That effect would be the result,
