2036
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
August 11,
dom of Great Britain and Ireland, of the 15th
day of June, 1836;
An act for the relief of Bridget Maher;
An act to continue the pension of Mrs. Nancy
Weatlierford.
An act granting public lands, in alternate sec-
tions, to the State of Mississippi, to aid in the
construction of railroads in said State, and for
other purposes;
An act to confirm to certain persons therein
named, their titles to certain lots in Prairie Da
Chien, Wisconsin;
An act for the relief of Benjamin La Fonte,
"William Altenbufg, and others;
An act for the relief of Robert Mitchell; and
An act to alter and amend " An act to appro-
priate money to remove obstructions in the Sa-
vannah river, below the city of Savannah, in the
State of Georgia,,J approved March 3, 1855.
Also, returning to this House the bill for the
improvement of the Des Moines rapids, in the
Mississippi river, with his objections thereto.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I understand
that a veto message has just been sent to this
House. I give notice that I shall call up that
message as soon as the House has disposed of
the business before us.
TARIFF—AGAIN.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio. I demand the
previous question upon the adoption of the reso-
lutions.
Mr. QUITMAN. I ask the gentleman from
Ohio to withdraw the demand for the previous
question, to enable me to submit an amendment to
the resolutions.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I will allow the gentle-
man to oiFer his amendment, and then insist on
the demand for the previous question.
The Clerk read the amendment, as follows:
Be it further resolved, That the Seeietary of the Treas-
uiy be duected to lepoit to this House, at ita next session
in December, undei f-poeihc head>, the amount of" appiopi i -
ations and expeiuhtuies ot every kind incurred by the Gov-
ernment annually Miice the 30th ot June, 1&2."), m the con
struction, repair, rent, and preservation, of custom houses ;
the cost, expense, aiubmamttmaiice, of revenue cutters and
other vessels engaged pennauently or tempoiarily m the
revenue service ; and the amount of all other expenditures
inclined in, or resulting fiom,tlKM:ollcctton of the custom*
or duties onimpoits since the above date.
- Mr. CAMPBELL. I will accept that; and now
I call for the pievious (juoation. x
The previous question was seconded; and the
main question was ordered to be put.
The icsoluttons as modified were adopted.
Mr. CAMPBELL moved to reconsider the
vote by winch the resolutions were adopted, and
also moved to lay the motion to reconsider on
the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I oiler the following reso-
lution
Resolved, That fifty thousand extra copies of the report
of the Committee ot Ways and Means on the proposed ie-
duetion of the, taiirt* of duties, be printed lot the-u.-e of the
members of thi-s House.
The resolution, under the rules, was referred
to the Committee on Printing.
president's veto message.
The SPEAKER laid before the House the fol-
lowing veto message from the President of the
United States:
To the ICoxi-iC of llrpresenlafircs.
I return fieiewitli to the House of Repiesentative^, in
which it ouginated, a bill entitled '• An aet lot continuing
the unptovemenf ot the Des Monies lapid-, m the Missis-
sippi river/' aijpl submit it for reconsideration, because it
l*;, in my judament, liable to the objection:-, to the ptexecu-
tion of internal impiovements by the Geneial Government,
hot foith at length in a communication addressed by me
to rhe two Houses of Congress, on the liOth day of Deecm-
bei, and in other subsequent messages upon the same
subject, to winch, on this occasion, I respeettull.v icier.
FRANKLIN FIERCE.
Washington, *4u%itst 11, 1^56*
The SPEAKER stated the question to be:
"Will the House, on reconsideration, agree to
the passage of the bill?"
Mr. KENNETT. I call for the previous ,
question. !
The previous question was seco'nded; and the i
mam question was ordered to be put. ;
Mr. JONES, of Tenne ssee. The Constitution j
directs that the question shall be taken by yeas j
and nays. |
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the affirmative—yeas 130, nays 54; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Albright, Ball, Barbour, Barclay, Henry
Bennett, Benson, BUlmghurst, Bishop, Bliss, Bradsliaw,
Brenton, Broom, Buffinton, James II. Campbell, John P.
Campbell, LevvisD. Campbell, Caruthers, Chaffee, Bayard
Clarke, Ezra Clark, dawson, Collax, Comins, Oovode,
Cox, Cragin, Cullen, Cumback, Damrell, Henry Winter
Davis, Timothy Davis, Dean, Denver, Dick, Dickson, Dodd,
Durfee, Edie, Edwards, Emrie, Ethendge, Eustis, Evans,
Flagler, Galloway, Giddmgs, Gilbert,Granger,Greenwood,
Harlan, J. Morrison Harris, Harrison, Haven, Herbeit,
Holloway, Thomas R. Horton, Valentine B. Hoi ton, How-
ard, Hughston, Kelsey, Kennett, Kmg, Knapp, Knight,
Knowlton, Knox, Kurikel, Leiter, Lmdley, Mace, Alex-
ander K. Marshall, Matteson, McCarty, Kilhan Miller,
Milhvard, Moore, Morgan, Murray, Noiton, Mordecai Oli-
ver, Parker, Pearce, Peck, Pelton, Pennington, Peny,
Pettit, Porter. Prinale, Purviance, Ready, Ricaud, Ritchie,
Kivers, Robbms, Robeits, Sabm, Sage, Sandidge, Sapp,
Sherman, Simmons, Sneed, Stanton, Stranaban, Swopc,
Tappan, Taylor, Thormgton, Thurston, Todd, Trafton,
Tyson, Underwood, Valk, Wade, Wakeman, Walbridge,
Waldron, CadvvaladerC. Washburn,Ellihu B. Washbmne,
Israel Washburn, Watson, Wells, Whitney, Williams,
Wood, Woodruff, Woodworth, and Zollicofler—130.
NAYS—Messrs. Barksdale, Bell, llendley S. Bennett,
Bocock, Branch, Burnett, Cadwalader, Carlile, Caskie,
Howell Cobb, Williamson R. W. Cobb, Ciawford, Dow-
dell, Elliott, English, Floience, Foster, Thomas J. D. Ful-
ler, Goode, Grow, Hickman, Houston, Geoige W. Jones,
Kelly, Ividwell, Letcher, Lumpkin, Maxwell, MeMullin,
McQueen, Smith Miller, Mill&on, Mott, Andrew Oliver,
Oir, Phelps, Powell, Quitman, Ruffin, Savage, Shorter,
Samuel A. Smith, William Smith, William R. Smith, Spin-
nci, Stevvait, Talbott, Vail, Warner, Watkms, Wheeler,
Window, Daniel B. Wright, and John V. Wright—M.
So the House, (two thirds voting in the affirm-
ative,) on reconsideration, agreed to the passage
of the bill.
HARBOR OF MICHIGAN CITY.
Mr. COLFAX. I move that the Committee
of the Whole be discharged from the considera-
tion of House bill No. 91, making an appropria-
tion of $GU,000 for a harbor of refuge and com-
merce at Michigan City, Indiana, and for the
construction of a breakwater thereat.
Mr. LETCHER. I object.
Mr. COLFAX. I move, then, that the rules be
suspended, in order that the Committee of the
Whole may be discharged fiom the further con-
sideration of this bill, so that it maybe put on its
passage now. I know debate is not in order, and
there is a great reluctance to suspend the rules
during the closing period of the session for any
special bill out of a general class; but I wish to
say that this is the only harbor appropriation
asked for by the State, of Indiana; that it is
strongly recommended as of vital importance as
a harbor of refuge by petitions from various im-
portant points on the lake; and that it is indorsed
by the joint resolutions of the Indiana Legisla-
ture, which I hold in my hand.
Mr. MCMULLEN. Is it m order to move that
the rules be suspended, and the House resolve it-
self into the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union ?
The SPEAKER. Not while the motion of the
gentleman from Indiana, to suspend the rules, is
pending.
Mr. McMULLTN. I hope the motion will be
voted down, and the House will go into com-
mittee on the appropriation bills.
Mr. COLFAX. I demand the yeas and nays
on the motion to suspend the rules.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the negative—yeas 110, nays 56; as follows:
YE \S—Vlbright, Allison, Baibom, Ileniy Ben-
nett, Ben-.on, i>ilhn«iniist. Bishop, Bliss, Bowie, Biadsdiaw,
Brenton, Uiooni, Biithnton, Lewis I). Campbell, ChalFee,
Ba\aid ('i.uke, Ezui Cluik, dawson, Colfax, Comiris,
Covode, Cullen, Cumback, Damiell, Henry Winter Davis,
Timothy Davit-, Dean, Dick, Dickson. Dodd, Duifee, Ennie,
Kuuhrdi, Kv.uiv, Flagler, Gallowav, Giddins>, Glow, Harlan,
J. MonKon Hums, Hamsun, Haven, Iloliow.u, Thomas
U. lloiton, Valentine H. Horton, Ilowaid, Hugh>toii, Kel-
fccv, Kennett, King, Knapp, Knight, Knowlton, Knox,
Kunkcl, Leitei, Laidley, Mace, Matte.-on, ^mith Miller,,
Millwaul, Moore, Morgan, Monti!, Munay, Nichols, Nor-*
ton, Andrew Oliver, Parker, Peck, Pelton, Pennington,
Pettit, Pike, Porter, Pnngle, Purviance, Ricaud, Ritchie,
Uiven, Robbing, Roberts^ Sabm, Sago, Sapp. .Sherman,
Simmons, Sneed, Stanton, Swope, Tappan, Thorington,
Thurston, Todd, Tiafton, Tyson, Valk, Wade. Walbndge,
Waldion, Carhvalad<-r C. Washburne, Ellihu 15. Wa-.ii-
buine, Israel Washburn, Watson, Welch, Wells, Wxnslow,
Wood, Woodiuif, and Woodwoith—110.
NAYS— Messrs. Aiken, Barksdale, llendley S. Bennett,
Boeoek, Biauch, Burnett, Cadwalader. James II. Campbell,
Carlile, Caskic, Clingrnan. Howell Cobb, Williamson B.
W. Cobb, Ciawford, Dowdcll, Elliott, Florence, Fostei,
Thomas. J. D. Fullei, Goode,Greenwood, Thomas L. liar- :
ris, Hickman, Houston, George W. Jones, Kelly. Kidwoll, I
Letchei, Lumpkin, Samuel S. Marshall, Maxwell, Me- |
Mullin, McQueen, Millson, Orr, Phelps, Powell, Puiyear,
Quitman, Ruffin, Savage, Shorter, Samuel A. Smith, Wil-
liam Smith, William R. Smith, Stephen-*, Stewait,Talbott,
Taylor, Trippe, Warner, Watkins, Wheeler, Williams,
Daniel B. Wright, and John V. Wright—oS.
So the rules were not suspended, two thirds
not voting in the affirmative.
CLOSE OF DEBATE ON POST OFFICE APPRO-
PRIATION BILL.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio. I move the usual
resolution, that debate in the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union, on the Post
Office appropriation hill, be closed within five
minutes after its consideration shall be again re-
sumed.
The resolution was adopted.
Mr. HOUSTON. I ask the gentleman when
he proposes to take a vote on the amendment of
the Senate to the Army bill?
Mr. CAMPBELL. In reply to the gentleman
from Alabama, I will say that the vote on the
amendment to the Army appropiiation bill will
depend on the time consumed in the Committee
of the Whole on the Post Office appropriation bill.
If we get the latter bill into the House before
four o'clock, 1 then propose to take the vote on
the Senate's amendment to the Army appropria-
tion bill.
PERSONAL EXPLANATION.
Mr. HARRISON. I ask the consent of the
House to make a personal explanation.
The SPEAKER. If there be no objection, the
gentleman will proceed.
There was no objection.
Mr. HARRISON. It is the first time during
my service on this floor, that I have asked indul-
gence for a personal explanation. I therefore
hope that I may be excused for occupying a few
moments in referring to a subject implicating, as
1 conceive, my personal honor, and the integrity
of my political course.
I hold in my hand a copy of the Cincinnati
Gazette, containing what purports to be a report
of a speech made at Dayton, Ohio, by the honor-
able gentleman from Massachusetts, [Mr. Bur-
i.in'Game,] not now m his seat. I have refrained
from calling the attention of the House to this
matter, with the hope that the honorable gentle-
man would return to his seat here, and thus
afford me an opportunity of receiving from his
own lips an avowal or disavowal of the language
attributed to him m this report. The gentleman
has been detained—necessarily I have no doubt—
from his seat in this House. The session is
drawing rapidly to a close, and the poisoned shaft
hurled at me is still rankling in the public mind;
and I am constrained, from a sense of duty to
myself and my constituents, to trespass upon"the
patience of the House in the absence of the gen-
tleman. I do this with great reluctance, for I
would much prefer the presence of the gentleman.
It is not my habit to strike at the back of my
enemy. I always prefer to look an antagonist in
the face, whether dealing in words or in blows.
The language to which I take exception is as
follows:
u The Union-savers also called on you to send a practical
man (that means the stupidest man you can fiiuD to Con-
gress—a national man—a dough-face, so that the rtouth can
take lum bj> lus dough nose and turn him around ju^t which
wny they will. [Here hundred* of voices ened out,' That*5?
Scott Harrison."J Mr. Bcrlingame said : 'The quick
m-tinct of the people relieves a man from being peisonal.'
[Thicc groans toi Scott Huiri*on were called for, and
given by the whole assembly.] The jqvaker thought there
would be lew dough-face Representatives if there" was not
a dough-face constituency behind them."
I can scarcely believe that the gentleman from
Massachusetts could have so far forgotten the
courtesy which is due from one gentleman to
another as thus to have gone out of his way to
indorse a base charge against a member of this
House by irresponsible persons in a crowd; and
I trust it may yet be found that the reporter of
his remarks has done him injustice. But if I am
mistaken in this, and if the language attributed
to the gentleman was intended, either directly or
indirectly, to charge me, or any portion of my
constituents, with a truckling subserviency to
any section m this country, or any party m this
House, I pronounce the charge,before this House
and the country, as an infamous and unmitigated
calumny.
I regret the necessity of having thus far tres-
passed upon the time of the House, important
