1162
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 8,
Mr. BENNETT. Very well, I will withdraw
my objection. "If no one else objects, I will not.
Mr. STANTON. I object. We have had
too many of these personal explanations already.
Mr. BENNETT. I desire, if it be in order, to
withdraw my motion to recommit. The House
understands very well that it was made merely to
Frevent the bill from going to the Speaker's table.
will therefore now withdraw the motion, and
believing no further discussion is necessary upon
he bill, 1 will move the previous question upon
its passage.
Mr. H. MARSHALL. Is it within the priv-
ilege of the gentleman from New York to with-
draw the motion to recommit ?
The SPEAKER. The gentleman has the
right to withdraw his motion, no action having
been taken upon it. -
Mr. MARSHALL. Can he withdraw it if
objection be made ?
The SPEAKER. The Chair has so stated.
The previous question has not been ordered upon
the bill. The gentleman has the right to with-
draw his motion.
Mr. BENNETT. I will, with the permission
of the House, make a verbal correction in the bill.
Itchanges nothing in the grant, and is the unani-
mous recommendation of the Committee on Public
Lands.
The SPEAKER. Th« bill can be amended
only by the unanimous conscnt of the House.
Mr. BENNETT. In one of the railroads
embraced in the bill, running- from Council fluffs
across the State of Iowa, the starting point on
the Mississippi river is fixed in the bill. There
are two different routes proposed, and we prefer
to leave it for the Legislature to decide the matter,
rather than to fix it in this bill. If there be no
objection, therefore, I propose that that amend-
ment shall be made.
Mr LETCHER, t object to any alteration.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I desire to
ask the gentleman from New York, the chairman
of the Committee on Public Lands, whether the
present bill is the one printed and laid upon our
tables?
Mr. BENNETT. It is the same, with a single
amendment.
Mr. WASHOURNE. Is it the one printed
in the Globe of this morning?
Mr. BENNETT. The same. It was printed
correctly in the Globe of this morning.
Mr. WASHBURNE. 1 am satisfied.
Mr. COBB, of Alabama, demanded tellers upon
seconding the demand for the previous question.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Cobb of
Alabama and H. Marshall were appointed.
The question was taken; and the tellers re-
ported—ayes (j(>, noes ,r>,r>.
.So the previous question was seconded.
The main question was oidered to be nut.
Mr. WHEELER. 1 demand the yeas and
nays on the passage of the bill.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the affirmative—yeas 79, navs 59; as follows: j
yeas—messrs. alien, bail, ilai kstiale, bell, henry ben-
nett, benson, rdhnghuist, bishop, howie, buuuh.uv,
bufiimon, iiuiluty.tmi', lewis 1). campbell, kxra clark,
williamson r. yv. (.'obh, cnvndi\ '* agi , cnllcn,
dowrteh, din fee, edie, {''vans, flagler, hemy m. puller,
biddings, gillxnt, gmnjji'r, uteenuuod, au^u-aus hall,
thomas r. iioiton, ilugh.-ton, kelly, kennctt, kin-i,
knapp, knowifon, knox, leiter, lmdloy, mammon, max-
well, mcuarty, kiljiau mdlei, morrill, munay, andiew
oliver, patkcr, peek, iviton, ivnmneion, pcny, tike,
prmjile, pumnnee, ihrhaukou, RoImmhi, sabm, sandidge,
sapp, simmon^, wjlham u. hmitn, tftranahan, tappan,
taylor, tliormcton, thurston, todd, tiaiyon, wakeman,
walbiukjc, wasdion, walker, uihhu b. yvaslibuine,
welsh. v\ells, williams, vvoodiuf]'. and woodwoitii—?(j.
nays—mest-rs. atken, aibiight, a4won, baiboui, bliss,
galloway, u.ulan, hamson, haven, lioltinan, iloliowav,
\ alentme b, iloiton,<ioor^e w. jone-?,lietehei, lumpkin,
alexander k. marshnll, ilumphiey marshall, mcmuilm,
meciueen, smith miller, miium, morgan, pame, pettit, ;
puiyear, ueade, reads, ftieaud, rivera, scott. samuel a.
srmth, yvilliam smith, suecd, spnmer, stanton, stewart',
swope, trippe, wainer, wheeler, wiutuev, john v.
wnght, and zoihcotfer—59.
So the bill was passed.
Pending the above call,
Mr. DAVIDSON stated that if he had been
present when hie name was callcd he would have
voted in the affirmative.
Messrs. CARLILE and KIDWELL stated
that they would have voted in the negative if they
had been present when their names were called.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois, said: Mr.
Speaker, I have paired off to-day, for three
weeks, with Mr. Bennett, of Mississippi. Be-
fore leaving the city, he sent me a note authoriz-
ing me to vote on this railroad bill, and the bill
in reference to suffrage in this District, There-
fore I vote in the affirmative.
Mi*. GROW stated that he had paired off with
Mr. Kelsey. The other day it had been incor-
rectly stated that he had paired off with Mr.
Kelly.
Mr. BENNETT, of New York, moved to re-
consider the vote by which the bill was passed;
and also moved that the motion to reconsider be
bid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
The title of the bill was agreed to.
Mr. BENNETT moved to reconsider the vote
by which the title of the bill was adopted; and
also moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
NEYV MEXICO CONTESTED ELECTION.
Mr. SMITH, of Alabama, from the Commit-
tee of Elections, submitted a report, in writing,
on the contestcd-clcction case of Miguel A.
Otero vs. Jose Manuel Gallegos, declaring that
the sitting Delegate is not entitled to his seat; and
that Miguel A. Otero, the contestant, is entitled
to a seat on the floor of the House of Represent-
atives as a Delegate from the Territory of New
Mexico.
The report was ordered to be printed.
Mr. SMITH. I am also instructed by the
Committee of Elections to submit the following
resolution:
Resolved, That the parties of this contest he allowed to
appear before tins House, either in person or by counsel, to
defend thcii respective claims.
The resolution is offered at the request of the
sitting Delegate, on the ground that he cannot
speak the English language fluently. He wants
to appear before the Tlouse by his counsel. The
resolution allows either the contestant or the
sitting member to appear in person or by counsel.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I move to amend,
by striking out the woids by counsel," and in-
serting in lieu of them the words " through an
interpreter. " I think that it would be a very bad
policy to establish a precedent of alIo\vin<r''ounstpl
to come in and argue questions before this House.
I have known of a contestant coming here and
arguing his own case; but it was under the rules
of the House, and he was limited to one hour, as
members are. I have no objection to allowing
the contestant in this case to be heard in person
or through an interpreter; but I am unwilling to
set an example of having counsel argue questions
before this House.
Mr. PHELPS. The gentleman from Tennes-
see seems to misapprehend who it is that is to be
benefited by the adoption of the resolution. I
am acquainted with the sitting Delegate and the
contestant. The object of the resolution is to
give Mr. G-allegos, the sitting member, the privi-
lege of being heard by counsel, in consequence of
his inability to speak fluently in our language.
Mr. Gallegos can converse easily with most of
the mombcx's of this House; but if he is required
to argue his case here, he will do it, of course,
under great embarrassment. In this cuse, 1 am
willing that the Delegate shall be heard by his
counsel. The contestant does not ask anything
of the kind: he speaks our language fluently; but
1 would confine the speech of the counsel to an
hour. 1 thmk the proposition submitted from the
Committee of Elections, by the gentleman from
Alabama, is a correct one, and I am willing to
vote for it. If a sitting member, or Delegate,
whose right to a seat is contested, wei^ to fall
sick, and be unable to attend when this rase was
to be decided, 1 would be willing to permit him to
be heard by counsel; that is, of course, if the
House would insist on a decision being then made.
Mr. STEPHENS. Mr. Speaker, there is
nothing unusual in counsel appearing at the bar
of a deliberative body; and I do not see on what
ground the gentleman from Tennessee can seri-
ously object to the resolution. I do not think it
would do to allow the sitting Delegate merely an
interpreter. It would make a farcc of the wnolc
thing. The Delegate would speak a sentence or
two in Spanish, and then the interpreter would
get up and repeat it in the English tongue. It
would bring the whole thing into ridicule. I am,
therefore, opposed to the amendment. There is,
I repeat, nothing unusual for counsel to appear
before parliamentary bodies; and I trust the sit-
ting Delegate will be granted the privilege he asks
through the committee. So far as the contestant
is concerned, he docs not desire it; he speaks our
language.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio. Does the gentle-
man know of any case where this privilege was
ever granted by the House of Representatives?
Mr. STEPHENS. I do not know any case
where the parties availed themselves of the bene-
efit of it. i do not know of any case where there
was such an application; but I say that it is not
unusual for counsel to appear before deliberative
bodies. I have not searched out for precedents,^
and in this case, indeed, I should not bo governed
by precedents. Can any injury result from grant-
ing the privilege asked? We sit as judges in all
con tests; we sit as a court. We are the high court
of Parliament; and I ask the gentleman from Ohio
if there be any impropriety in establishing a pre-
cedent, even if none exist now?
Mr.MlLLSON. I desire to ask my friend from
Geoigia, who says it is no unusual thing fr r
counsel to appear before a legislative body, if he
is aware of any case which has occurred in any
legislative body, where counsel was allowed to
appear for a member of the House ? I know it
is 110 unusual thing to allow counscl to be heard
for memorialists and petitioners, and for men put
upon trial; but I ask him now, if he is aware of
any instance in the Congress of the United States
where counsel have been allowed to appear for a
member of the body?
Mr. STEPHENS. I cannot cite the gentle-
man to any case that ever occurrcd. Perhaps no
case of this kind ever arose; but I stand upon prin-
ciple. f have not senrched out such n case, and it
would make no difference with me whether I found
one or a hundred such cases. I have not been
upon the line of investigation to see whether
they have occurred or not; but, sir, if it is usual
for counsel to appear in a claim on a memorial
—which the gentleman grants is usual—how
much more important is it to allow it in such a
case os this! Usually, in legislative bodies, men
who have canvassed the country, and perhaps
gained their scats by popular eloquence, prefer
to argue their own cases; and that is perhaps the
reason why no such case has ever occurred. So
in this case: the contestant here prefers toap^esr
before this body to argue his own case; but that
is no reason why the sitting Delegate, who can-
not speak our language, should be deprived of a
hearing. He cannot appear by himself, and there
is no reason, therefore, why he should not appear
by counsel. What injury can result from it?
What objection has the gentleman from Ohio to
if? I argue the question as an original one.
What objection can there be to the establishment
of this precedent?
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio. I will tell the gen-
tleman from Georgia in what regard I think the
precedent will be a dangerous one. The next
step which will be taken, probably, will be the
introduction of a resolution similar to the one
which was offered in the last Congress, that the
Delegate shall be authorized to employ an inter-
preter to interpret to him a bill, or what may be
said pro and con upon it. It seems to me that
the passage of this resolution would tend to the
establishment of a system of that kind, because,
if it is proper to have an interpreter for the sitting
member now, or a counsel to be present and dis-
cuss his right to his seat if he does not under-
stand our language, will it not be of still greater
consequence to the people of the Territory, if he
gets his seat, that he shall have an interpreter or
counsel permanently, to help him in the transac-
tion of their business ?
Mr. STEPHENS. That is an objection to the
modification of the resolution as suggested by the
gentleman from Tennessee. I, sir, am for the
original resolution, and am against the amend-
ment.
The objection made by the gentleman from
Ohio is to the word "interpreter;" and that is
what he said might be construed as a precedent.
But the question I put is, What is the objection
