1856. J
appendix to the congressional glooe:.
43*
34th Cong.... 1st Sess.
Naval Retiring Board—Mr. Houston.
Senate.
ordered to the Pacific, he should think she could
be of little or no service In that squadron.
Commodore Rousseau taking this as an inti-
mation, tantamount to an order, coming from a
superior for the inspection, ordered the Saratoga
back to Norfolk; so that she never joined the
squadron as authorized by the Secretary of the
Navy, but repaired to Norfolk, and her service
was withheld from that squadron during the
whole time.
I understood my friend from South Carolina
to say, that Commodore Shubrick had taken
Mazatlan and Guayamas. Guayamas was taken,
I think, by Captain Lavalette, not by order of
Commodore Shubrick. He was sent out to Cape
St. Lucas, and whilst there, the weather becoming
unfavorable, he was impatient to return, and he
went and took Guayamas himself without orders
from the commodore. My friend also stated
that Mazatlan'' was taken in the face of a superior
force" by Commodore Shubrick,and that he had
achieved everything that was achieved on the
Pacific. It appears that Mazatlan was taken
without a solitary man resisting. The American
flag was run up by Lieutenant Halleck of the
Army, with two men; and Commodore Shubrick
was informed by the municipal authorities or
council, on November 11, 1847, that—
" The undersigned make known to the senior commodore
tint this port was evacuated since last night by the military
force, and that, from the outpost to within the city, there ia
no other force than a small number of persons composing
the police for the maintenance of good order." [Delivered
by the President of the Junta.]
This is the achievement of which my friend
spoke, and which was set forth with such flour-
ishes in the newspapers. That is the history of
the taking of Mazatlan. It appears further that
at Mazatlan, the day afterthis occurrence, 1 think,
when an attempt was made to march ninety men
under the command of Lieutenant Selden, they
met the enemy, who were fired updn from the
Independence, the commodore's ship, then at
anchor off the Cape at Mazatlan. All the com-
modore's men ran at the first fire of the enemy,
except one, who was killed. Stanly was in com-
mand of a six pounder. Fifteen out of the seven-
teen men under his command were shot down
and Lieutenant Selden was wounded. They
maintained their ground for some time, until the
force from the Independence rallied and came
back.
I was also called in question the other day by
the venerable Senator from Delaware, in relation
to the statement which I made of the achieve-
ment at San Jos£, out of which, unfortunately,
the "whistle" grew. He said that I had reflected
on the officers accompanying Captain Du Pont.
I did no such thing. I never disparaged their
conduct. I hold him responsible for hia report,
and not for the conduct of the men. It appears
that Lieutenant Heywood sallied forth from his
fortress to rescue Captain Du Pont, and relieve
him. I did not cast any reflection on Heywood;
but any military man can perceive the policy of
leaving Lieutenant Heywood with eighteen or
twenty men in all, in the heart of southerij Cali-
fornia, without any succor within one hundred
miles of him! Did it argue generalship to put
him ashore under these circumstances? I leave
it for military men to determine. I will not crit-
icise it; but I will say that it is a miracle that
they were not every one sacrificed. It was a
strange thing, indeed, to leave them under such
circumstances, when there were hundreds of men
on board the vessels who could have strengthened
the post. At least fifty men were necessary to
Jive in the midst of three hundred enemies; but
eighteen or twenty men it is said were left,
without succor within one hundred miles. But
for some whaling vessels that went there, the
captains of which supplied them with provisions,
their fate would inevitably have been destruction.
Heywood 'a' valor and chivalry, and that of his
gallant companions did everything that was done.
His gallant comrade, Stevens, who was after-
wards so highly lauded for His conduct on that
occasion, has been dropped and stricken down.
It is disgraceful.
I come again, in conclusion, to the action of
Commodore Hull in the Ohio. It was stated by
the Senators from Delaware, that the letter of
Secretary Ptralding, retractinghis- reprimand of
the four ward-room officers of the Ohio, should
forever have closed that transaction. It is a sin-
gular coincidence that those officers should have
been then implicated together in disorder and in-
su rrectionary or mutinous conduct, for it amounted
to that. They were subsequently designated in
the Navy as the " four mutineers." It is singu-
lar that these men should have been selected sub-
sequently to act together on the naval board. I
propose to show, however, that the letter of Secre-
tary Paulding, pretending to cancel these charges,
did not close the transaction forever. I will read
Commodore .Hull's replies, and let the Senate
judge from them whether or not Commodore
Hull felt that he had injured these individuals, or
whether he himself had been deeply wounded.
After he had received the first letter from the De-
partment, authorizing him to reprimand these
gentlemen, he addressed a letter to them in which
ne said:
" I have been put aside by some of you; disrespect and
I almost contempt have been evinced foi' me; and the time
has arrived when it must and shall cease. There are three
remedies which strike me for this state of things. One is,
to lay this ship up in a Spanish port—this noble ship, the
pride of our country, with her beautiful flag, of which we
were once ready to boast, with its stars and stripes, hoisted
at half mast—until lieutenants can be sent from tlie United
States to restore it to its proud and honorable bearing. An-
other is, to take you to sea with all your discontent, disaf-
fection, and disrespect for your commanding officers, and
trust to time to bring about a better state of feeling. And the
third is, to make such changes among you as my means will
admit of. I have not yet determined which to adopt; but
I will now state to you that I am responsible for this ship.
I shall go to sea when I please; X shall go where I please;
and stay as long as I please.
" Gentlemen, our country is on the eve of war with a
mighty and powerful nation, and what is the situation in
which you have placcd me ? Who can go into battle with
confidence, surrounded by disaffected officers ? And, I may
well ask, who of those originally ordered to this ship as her
sea lieutenants can I confide in ?
This shows the feelings Of Hull When he re-
ceived and read to them the reprimand adminis-
tered by the Department. I propose, however,
to advert more particularly to what he said of
Lieutenant Du Pont's conduct on that occasion.
In a letter to the Secretary of the Navy, dated
March 21,1841, Commodore Hull says:
" I have long since been convinced that Lieutenant Du
Pont is the leader in all the disaffection which has so un-
happily reined in tb« Ohio, and I am fully persuaded that
the permcrous influence he has exercised over othere has
effected more injury to the service than he Will ever be able
to repair."
That was his opinion of Lieutenant Du Pont;
I leave gentlemen to draw their own conclusions
from it. I have no disposition to go beyond the
records, and I have not done so. I have a right
to advert to public records, and they sustain me
in what I say. It is evident that Commodore Hull
felt deeply mortified by the action of the Depart-
ment in withdrawing the reprimand first admin-
istered to these officers. This is shown by the
correspondence of Commodore Hull. I readfrom
his letter to the Departmentof December 5, 1'840:
" Having thus fully and strictly complied with all the di-
rections embraced in your letter of 'June 24,1840,' and
having bowed with all due submission to your will and
submission, I now claim the attention of the Department to
the position its decision hasleflmein, viz: that of an officer
in command of a foreign squadron, under the ban of his
Government.
" In reversing my acts, which were based, as is admitted,
on the promised 1 cooperation and support' of the head of
the Navy Department, it must be evident that, without some
exposition of the circumstances under which I acted, with-
out some declaration of fticts in the case by the Depart-
ment, a large portion of reproach will be thrown upon me,
and my command and authority may be ridiculed; but
should this not be the case, the ground which will be as-
sumed, both in and out of the Navy, will be this: Commo-
dore Hull had a difficulty with some of the lieutenants of
the Ohio, a portion of whom he sent ts the United States,
with orders to report to the Secretary of the Navy, who
disapproved of Commodore Hull's course, and, sent the
lieutenants back again; thus sustaining the lieutenants, and
censuring Commodore Hull.
" I do not know that it is necessary for me to say any-
thing more to the Department in justification of the course
I pursued towards those officers; but it may not beimproper
in me to refer to certain extracts of your letters, and to ask
an application, in my case, of that justice which has been
so promptly yielded by the Department toothers.
" In a letter written by the Department at the commence-
ment of the present cruise of the Ohio, viz: so early as
' December 27,1838,' the following sentiments, opinions,
and views, are expressed :
"' The Department expects that, actuated as well by a
due regard to your own honor as to the permanent interests
of the Navy, you will retain your command until, by a firm
and steady assertion of authority, in which you may rely on
it for support, you have suppressed that spirit of discontent
which, if permitted to triumph, will, it is feared, b« fetal t 
the future character and discipline of the service.' ' From
the first, a spirit of discontent, approaching to insubordina-
tion, has prevailed among a portion of theofficers, which
manifested itself in disrespect to their commander, in ap-
peals to the public, as void of foundation as they were
destitute of all manly consideration.' * * *
' And in violation of the regulations of the service by pub-
lishing an official correspondence without permission of the
Department.'"
Now, Mr. President, can any one doubt that
this is satisfactory evidence that Commodore
Hull was not sustained by the Department, and
was left in the awkward dilemma of being over-
ruled, and having a triumph awarded to those
who were generally designated in the Navy as
mutineers? And those four mutineers composed'
almost one third of the naval retiring board. I
will read further from the same letter of Commo-
dore Hull:
" And here I beg leave to ask of the Department if these
extracts do not contain a repetition of' specific acts,'' defi-
nite charges,' and ' official misconduct,' alleged against ' a
portion of the officers of your (my) ship ?' And does not
the Department carry out, in part, its previous judgment,
by detaching Dr. Ticknor from the Ohio ? Surely I could
not have erred in believing that, in the promise of' cooper-
ation and support' by the head of the Navy Department,
further action was left to my, discretion. Permit me to
refer to Ihe case of Lieutenant Du Pont, and to ask why
the Department left me to judge of the sufficiency of an
apology which he was to make to me, as one of the grounds
on which bis application to return to the United States was
to be granted, and thereby leaving to my discretion an act
of' humanity ?' With such a guide, calling on me in terms
precise and almost imperative, to exert the power to the
utmost which the laws and regulations of the service give
me to protect myself from disrespect and to enforce sub-
ordination, with a promise of cooperation and support in
the exercise of my lawful authority, and the example set
me in detaching Dr. Tieknor, tHte inference was as direct
and positive, to my mind, as a peremptory order would have
been; and I acted in good faith, and with a single eye to
the good of the naval service."
Now, I will read the last extract which I pro-
pose to present from Commodore Hull's letter,
to show that to his last hour he felt it as a fatal
blow to his influence, fatal to his honor, and
dangerous to the well-being of the Navy of the
United States. He says:
" I dare not question the propriety of the decision reversing
my acts; bnt I trust I may say that, in my humble concep-
tion, the Department has not fully assumed or taken upon
itself the responsibility of the course pursued by me; and,
aa a consequence, I fiibl that I am placed before the Navy
and the country as resting under the disapprobation of the
Government of the United States, which will be to me a
severe injury, unless averted by the heal of the Navy De-
partment. I
" That any immediate evil will ensue to the Navy gen-
erally, or to my immediate command, remains to be seen ;
but I must say, I much fear tbat my reputation and author-
ity, as a commander of a foreign squadron, have received a
shock .from which they will not speedily recover.
" It ia somewhat remarkable that this station—the Med-
iterranean—was the scene of my early services in our then
infant Navy. I witnessed its rise, its progress, and its
advancement; bound myself to it, and hoped its course
would ever be onward; and that now it is the scene of my
last service, and I am here, I fear, to be a witness of its
fall, retrogradation,and ruin; but my hopes and wisbesare
to live long enough to see harmony and union, discipline
and subordination, restored among its officers."
_ Mr. President, I have read these communica-
tions because they are important, and they con-
tain a clear refutation of what was suggested by
the venerable Senator from Delaware, when he
said that the whole transaction was closed by the
retraction by the Department of the first repri-
mand.
The Committee on Naval Affairs inform us
that they have thoroughly investigated this sub-
ject, and they have reported the results of their
examination, and I understand it is a unanimous
report. They have suggested remedies for the
reform of all the errors which they think exist,
and they appear now determined still to retain
cognizance and jurisdiction over the subject. I
am opposed to committing the investigation which
I think is necessary to that committee, because
it is impossible that an impartial investigation
can take place before them. They have expressed
their opinion. If we were selecting jurora to try
a culprit, or to determine a civil cause between
individuals resting on merely pecuniary consid-
erations, impartial men would be chosen, who
had expressed no opinion in relation to the facts
or justice of the controversy. In any case affect-
ing life or property, men would not be selected
to adjudicate it wno had already expressed their
opinion upon it; but those would be chosen who
were impartial, and free from bias of every kind.
I desire to hate a committee appointed-who can,
